the; K^J^LAiteis% ; HOLDFAST BAY PIER ANft RAILWAY The Hon. J. H. BiRBOW moved that time for bringing uj- the report; of the Select Ckraunittee be extended till Thursday next. Carried. - ? ?.?.??: -?.-'. '*.. '? ?? -,-.-' - - POLICE BILL, In.Committee. . ; . CoBsideration of amendments made fay the Governor. ' . . - ' The CHIEF SECRETARY explained that VUG 1~'llTiH1IIIITiHTW TTT7I T7 «WU.1bU ,111 **.-*? ? ??m^»- .» - — -- - first was to add to paragraph 12— relative to the destruction pf hjrds— of clause 78 the wotcIs— ' but the provision!! of this paragraph snail not apply to any road or reserve on the hanks or shores t-f any navigable or tidal water;' the' second was to insert afier olaiise 104±h'e follow ing new clause : — ' Government Gasetteths evi dence.— A copy of the Government Gazette con taining a notification of any matter 'by this' Act required to be published in strch Goeetteshall be prima fetcie evidence of the matters contained in such notification ;' and the third was to in sert after clause 107 the annexed new clause : — 'Justices not bound to convict in certain' cases. —A Justice or Justices of the Peace shall not be bound to convict if the offence proved shall, in the opinion of such Justice or Justices, be of so trivial a nature as not to merit punish ment.' The amendments were agreed to. MESSAGES. From the House of Assembly, announcing the passage of a Bill to amend the Victor Har bor Works and Tramway Act of 1862, and the Strathaibyn and MiddUton Tramway Act of 1866 ; and of the Supply Bill. From the House of Assembly, informing the Council that ah error had been made in passing the South-Eastern Railway Bill through the House, and desiring that the Council would re turn the Bill, in ordei that the error might be rectified. STRATHALBYN AND VICTOR HARBOR ; TRAMWAY BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in moving the first reading of this Bill, stated that tenders had been called for letting these* tramways, but it had been found that the Government had no power to -let them, which' power would be con ferred by this measure. The motion was carried, and the second read ing was fixed f or next day. r SUPPLY BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the first reading oFtbis'Bifl, -which was carriedi Be then^moved- thitt^t3u9*£iandmg Orders i» «us pended.'AatjitheBfll jm%ht pass its , remaining . stages withoatflelay.' ' . .' - - The Hon. J. BAKER was happy to support the motion. By passing the Bill at once, the Council would show that they were no parties to the inconvenience which the Civil Service andthepublichadbeenputto. In his opinion th3 course that had been pursued by the Govern ment was most improper, and he Relieved the intention was to put that Council- in an unfair position. He »would state that within his knowledge a Mr. McDonald applied at the Treasury, vary Recently for a sum of money due to Hmia 1869,'for the carriage of mails, and was refused -payment, the reason given' being the action of the' Parliament with re gard' to the Estimates. When ^McDonald asked -when tie —should call : for the money;, the officer replied that ie«onld -not tell nun, so McDonald left, - not knowing whether lie should get his money the next week or the next year. He wanted to know why 'the oiium of this unjustifiable act -was thrown upon the Legislature. The Govern ment had been guilty of most improper con duct, and he defied the Chief Secretary to offer any reasonable excuse. When a Government took such a bourse as the present Miniatiy hid takenjHihey werehound to give an' explanation, and if- they did not they were open to the cen sure of the Parliament. . ... The Hon. * W. MILNE heartily agreed with what the Hon. Mr. Baker had said as to. the duty of the Government to have introduced 1018331 at «aea,TliEr period. - In consequence of their not having done so, .the members of the: Civil Service, . sad others also, had been put to great inconvenience. He could not suppose that the Government could have thought - there would be ; . any difficulty in ' passing the measure. If the course the Go vernment had followed had been taken T^ith a view to putting that Council in a false po sition— aa had been suggested— they should mark their high sense of displeasure at their conduct. He was glad that measure had been introduced. It would give the Council a better opportunity of dealing 'with any Sill that might subsequently come before them. ?._ The CHIEF SECRETARY was so - accus tomed to the strong language of the Hon. Mr. Baker, that he was beginning to anticipate it when that hon. member rose to. speak. .(A laugh.) The consequence was, that his strong language had no more effect upon him than if he had spoken calmly ; neither did he think the strong language of the Hon. Mr. Baker had any effect upon that House. The reason the Government did not bring in a BUI of Supply was because they expected to receive the necessary authority to make pay ments sufficiently soon; but the Govern ment, fearing that there' would be some delay ia their getting . this authority, had now introduced this Bill, which he hoped the Coun cil would see fit to pass through at once. He denied that there was any desire on the part of the Government to put that House in a false position. They recognised folly the rights and, privileges of the Council, and he did not see \- what light any, one had to say the Ministry wished to put that House in an unfair posi VIUU* The motion was carried. The CrHEF SECRETARY then moved the second reading of the Bill. The Hon. A. B. MURRAY thought the Chief Secretary should have explained how it was that McDonald was not paid. He would ask him why McDonald was not paid, seeing that the money due to him was a portisn of that voted under the Appropriation Act of 1869. The CHIEF SECRETARY replied that he had no knowledge whatever of any payments authorised by the Appropriation . Act of 1869 . having been refused. However, if the Hon. Mr. Murray would give notice of the question he would be happy to give him all the informa tion he could. The Hon. T. ENGLISH said he knew of several cases besides that of Mr. McDonald where the persons had had to .wait for their money. It was not, he contended, creditable to the country that the members of the Civil Service and contractors should be kept out of what was doe to them. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. H. BARROW observed that he intended, on the following day asking the Chief Secretary whether any person who ought to be paid under the Appropriation Act of 1869 had been refused payment He pointed out that it did not necessarily follow because persons had not been paid that it was in consequence of the Go vernment having determined not to pay them — it was possible that the reason of the nonpay ment might be the fault of the persons them selves. ' . ,.-.;-. The Hon. J. BAKER hoped the question of T-OB xuhu ,uu- AMM.IUW wuuui uo — wuimi nppuw*-. ? taons for payment had been made, which had. been, refused, and the reasons for such re fusals* The CHI8F SECRETARY said if the Hon. Mr. Barrow would give him a note of his queB tion, He would come prepared to answer it next day. - The motion -was carried. The Bill was taken into Committee, and the only clause and the preamble were agreed to. The Bill having been reported and the report adopted, it' was read a timid time land passed. .: The Hon. J. BAKEB— It .gives. -me much pleasure to see the zeal the Chief Secretary has manifested with regard to this Bill, - The CHIEF SJECRiETARY— Ijhankthc hpn. member. (Laughter.) / : sr SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY B'LL. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved that the Order of the Day for the second reading be read and discharged, which, having bees carried, he moved that the' message from the House of Assembly betaken into consideration. This ag&s; carried. He explained that » mistake had.beenmadeinnotrhaving the recommenda tion of the Governor to the Bill, and the House' of Assembly wished that it might be sent back to- them that the error might be ? rectified. He therefore moved that the Bill be sent back. .-...?- : The Hon. W, MILNE having shown that it was necessary the Standing Orders should be suspended before' the motion could he con sidered, he moved their suspension. ' This was seconded and carried. . - The Hon. W. MILNE then, seconded the motion of the Chief Secretary. The Hon. J. BAKER said if the Bill were sent back, the mistake whs such that it would be necessary it should be dealt with as a new BilL ' . The Hon. W, MILN.E considered tha Council should not enquire into the nature . of the error, but as. an act of courtesy send the Bill back to the House of Assembly. The PRESIDENT, in reply to a question, . stated that he believed the Assembly would have again to carry the Bill through its various stages. ' . The Hon. W. MILNE asked whether, as the Bill had been read a first time, it would not be better, before passing the motion, to cancel that The Hon. J. BAKER moved as an amend ment— 'That owing to an irregularity appa rent on the face of the Bill, it is expedient that it 'be laid aside.' That was the only way out of then? difficulty. If they were now, after having passed the first reading of the Bill, to send it back to the House, of. Assembly, they would be placing themselves in a false position, whilst if they adopted the amendment it would relieve them from an un pleasant predicament, and they would not be manifesting a hostile spirit,' because as quickly as the recommendation of the Governor could be got the Bill might be introduced into the Assembly and carried through all its stages. He: did not move .this amendment with any hostile feeling, and he hoped the Chief Secre tary would not -think he did ; but if be looked at the Chief Secretary he seemed to think a look was a violent action, and recoiled. He had taken his present action in a friendly spirit, both towards the Ohief Secretary and the House of Assembly. He hoped the Council would give his amendment due consideration. The Hon. J. H. BARROW would say, with reference to the amendment, that the Hon. Mr. Baker was very much mistaken if he sup . posed— but he did not — that a new Railway Bill for the South-East could be passed through the House of Assembly, without «ii««n»ginn. Xf it were attempted it would, in all probability, cause .the loss of the BilL -Some would -say, 'anil a. very good job, too.' It was all very well forthe opponents of the measure to wish to get rid of it by a sidewind. If the Bill had to go through all its {stages afresh he did not think there was a ghost of a chance of it reaching the Council again. It was an .act of common courtesy, and nothing more, for them to comply with the message. It had been said that the recommendation of the Governor sow would not give validity to anything that had been, done with regard to the Bill previously. 'That, was an important point, and should be well considered. It was doubtful whether the message recom mending the measure must take precedence of all, legislative action, but he was inclined to think that the Bill having passed the House of Assembly, a new one must . be brought down. He should be glad to hear what the Chief Secretary had to say respecting the matter. He would rather the Bill should be rejected on the ground of public policy than on account of a technical objection. The Hon. W. MILNE said they were bound to give the House of Assembly an opportunity of rectifying the mistake, and pointed out that the proper tune for this discussion would be after -the receipt of the Bill a second time. The Hon. T. HOGARTH did not think the Council had power to send back the Bill after it had been read a first time. The CHIEF SECRETARY said the House of Assembly had sent them a message re questing that the Bill under consideration should be returned to them that an error might be corrected, and he thought the Council were bound to comply with the request. He -could ask the Council to act with courtesy . towards the House of Assembly ; and would say that the Hon. Mr. Baker's look had no effect whatever upon him. (A laugh.) He inti mated his intention of moving that the first -leading of the Bill be cancelled. . . On the question being put that the words in the motion stand, there was the following divi sion: — ? Ayes,11— Messrs. *arrow, Crozier, Parkin, Stow, Solomon, Tuxford, Milne, English, Mor gan, Murray, and Chief Secretary (teller.) Noes, 3— Messrs. Hogarth, Mildred, and Baker (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. CONTRACTORS IN PARLIAMENT BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in moving the second reading, explained the nature of the Bill. The question involved was whether it was right that persons taking contracts under the Government should sit and vote in Parlia ment. An Act similar to this had been passed i« England, and considering the small number constituting their Legislature, there was still greater reason for such a measure here. Some hon. members might consider the Bill ratter stringent, but it was for them to make any alterations they might think proper in Com mittee, The Hon- 'W. MORGAN should support the second reading of this BilL which he considered a very proper measure. He would point out, however, that by increasing the number consti faifcinor a. f!nmnanv fcn mnra tlia.n tm 4:Vib WhrdA of the partners might occupy seats in the Legist lature and support the Government without rendering themselves liable under this BilL To remedy this he intended at the proper time moving that the 3rd clause be struck out, with a view to inserting the following : — ' Nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any contract, agreement, or com mission made, entered into, or accepted by any incorporated company in its corporate capacity, where such incorporated company consists of more than 20 persons, and where such contract, agreement, or commission shall be made, entered into, or accepted for the general benefit of such incorporated company, nor to any contract or or agreement in respect of any lease, licence, or agreement in respect to the sale or occupation of any waste lands of the Crown.' The Hon. T. HOGARTH said the Bill had its evils as well as its good points. If it were passed in its present form, the Hon. Mr. Barrow would be prevented from tendering for ' Hansard,' and if he did not tender there would be no competition, and the present con tractors might then say their services were worth more than they really were. If the people put men into the Parliament who were contractors, or interested in contracts, the re sponsibility rested with them. It would be a hard thing, after the people had elected the Hon. Mr. Barrow, that he should not be able to tender for 'Hansard.' When the time came he should move an amendment in the Bill to the effect that a contractor should retain his seat if a vote were carried in favor of his doing so la the House with which he was connected. He hoped that men, who were good and honest, would not be prevented from serving their country as legislators in consequence of their being interested in Government contracts. The Hon. E. SOLOMON would point out that there were dummies in the Parliament — moneyed men — who lent money to Government contractors and received the profits. The Hon. T. ENGLISH said it was his inten tion of supporting the second reading, but, nevertheless, he thought the Bill was too strin gent in some particulars, and not stringent enough in others. He did not think it wo old be judicious to exclude tenderers for 'Hansard' from Parliament, because it was possible they might have a proprietor of the present con tracting paper a member, and then they would have no one to tender for ' Hansard' at alL The Hon. W. MILNE wished to know whether a Bank would come under the name of a trading firm, and whether a Chartered Bank would be considered as 'incorporated. If not, he thought it would be advisable to make the first clause include them ; and he should like t to be informed whether the word 'willingly' in I this clause meant 'wilfully.' He also saw no ' reason why 'money remitted abroad' should be rendered a disqualification more than money advanced in the colony.. He failed to perceive the advisability of excluding executors as pfo posed inclauBe 4. : He was desirous, of knowing whether the Bill would apply to contracts under the Central Road. and Marine Boards, and to the contracts of Corporations and Dis trict Councils, whose funds were supplemented ' by the Government. ^ The Hon. J. EC. BARROW should not oppose the second reading of this' Bill, although it was beset with difficulties. There was much more -under the surface than was apparent on the surface. Hon. members did not know the number of gentlemen who would lose their seats if this Bill were passed. On the broad prin ciple that contractors . ought not to sit in Par- * liament, he was one with the Chief .Secretary, because they could not be called independent men. There was a suspicion that if they could make pecuniary profit by their votes they would vote in favor of themselves, instead of in the interests of their constituents. It had been stated -that contractors were not less honest than other men.' No one said they were ; but it was impossible to convince the public . that the vote of a contractor would be given against himself when occasion required that it should be. He would ask who was a contractor ? ' He should like to have a definition in the Bill setting forth who was . a contractor. He believed the - measure might be brought to bear upon people not at all contemplated by those passing it. Although it was difficult to say who was a contractor, the Bill specially provided that it was notto apply to pastoral lessees of the Crown. It would be undesirable to say that such per sons should be excluded from the Legislature, but at the same time pastoral lessees might have a greater interest in voting a particular way than persons holding small contracts. Would selling an article over the counter for Government use make a person a contractor? He should think not according to the 5th clause. He did not like putting the power of pro ceeding against persons for sitting unlaw fully in Parliament in the hands of com mon informers. He would prefer that the Crown Solicitor should be instructed to take proceedings. -If the matter were left; as in the Bill they would have actions brought with a view to gain by individuals put forward by third parties actuated by spite, as in the celebrated - Hyrdess case. If the in formers won they would derive considerable: pecuniary advantage; and if they were unsuc cessful — being .men of straw — they cou'd lose nothing, . 'With regard to fits amendment the Hon. Mr. Hogarth intended moving, he would say that it would not do. If he (Mr. Barrow) held a -contract for the publication of 'Hansard' he could not consent to occupy his seat upon the suffrage of the majority of the members of that Souse. He should like to see this question dealt with as an amendment of the Constitution Act. If they amended that Act in this way they might go on till they had repealed all but the title without having ostensibly amended it at all. They, should not tamper with the qualifications of either representatives or electors, but a comprehensive Bill to amend the Constitution Act should be introduced. The present proceeding was like amending the Constitution. Act under false preteaces. He felt strongly that contractors ought not to sit in Parliament. He left the responsibility of the Bill with the Government. It was not to him a satisfactory BilL He objected to it be cause it did not define what a contractor was, and because it allowed common informers to proceed against persons sitting in Parliament, but he should not oppose it. He thought the Hon. Mr. Hogarth had better not press his amendment, because if he (Mr. Barrow) ever became the contractor he should not like his seat . to be depnedent upon the majority of the House being in his favor. He should feel, under such circumstances, that he was the nominee of the majority. (No, no, and hear, hear.) It would make him under the poorer of the majority of the House as much as contractors were supposed to be now under the power of the Government. With ret gard to the remark that probably some of the proprietors of both daily papers might be in Parliament, - and that then it would be impos sible to get a Hansard .at all, he would say that the Government should arrange for a pub lication of the debates by persons not connected with any of the newspapers, as was done in England. 'Certainly they should not make ex ceptions in favor of any particular contractor; and should this Bill pass, and he (Mr. Barrow) at any future time became a Government con tractor, he should feel it his duty to retire from the Council. The Hon. J. BAKER remarked that it had been said the passing of this Bill would be the unseating of many members of the Legislature. He did not believe any such tbisg. He main tained that it would be exceedingly unfair to put the prosecution of disqualified persons sitting in Parliament in the hands of the Crown Solicitor, who was entirely under the power of the Government. He c intended that this Bill was an amendment of the Constitu tion Act, and that it would be inoperative un less passed by an absolute majority of- both Houses ; and it would have to be sent home for approval. He questioned whether a Bill would ever be introduced amending the Constitution Act as a whole. He believed the Act would be amended piece by piece. He hoped the Bill1 would be passed. The Hon. A. STOW said, although they had thrown out the Bill to amend the Constitution Act, he trusted they would not alao throw out this. He approved of the amendment which the Hon. Mr. Morgan had stated his intention of moving. He hoped if they could not amend the Constitution Act by one comprehensive measure that theyshoull do so by various Acts. He could not believe that the Govern ment were really in earnest about this Bill, in consequence of the slipshod way in which the matter had been managed'. The Hon. A. B. MURRAY moved the adjournment of the debate till next day, which was carried. The Council adjourned shortly before 5 o'clock till next day. 