TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION is. WITH AUSTRALIA. oil The Times of December 9 publishes a long and interesting letter on this subject from Assistant Coniniiasiiry-Gonorul R. D). Ross. After entering into detailed statistics of the population, shipping, stock, c, of the various Australian colonies, he goes on to say : "One is apt, in dealing with large figures, to fail to appreciate their full value,- and when I state that the total value of the imports and exports of Australasia, viz., £59,182,512, is a little in excess of one-eighth of the gigantic trade of the United Kingdom, a just sense of the astonishing progress of the Australian colonies, and of their commercial value to this country, will be left on the mind of the reader. The fact may be stated in another form, which is equally forcible that the wealth-producing power of everyone person in Australasia is equivalent to the wealth-pro- ducing power of thirty persons in the United Kingdom. But it must be remembered that the colonies have no Rothschilds or Marquises of Westminster-that their wealth is of this half century, that it is not inherited nor nceuimilutcd wealth that it merely represents the enterprise and indomitable perseverance of a single generation. " Should the population of this group of colo uses continue to increase at the same normal rate as it has increased during the past thirty years, before the year 1900 there will be over 15,000,000 souls of the Anglo-Saxon race and should their enterprise and perseverance be un- checked and be retained with the same elasticity and vigor, they will possess at that period an internal and external trade to be only measured by the present colossal trade of Great Britain ! Hut the latest intelligence with reference to the discoveries of gold-bearing quartz so largely distributed over each of the colonies indicates in future development of mineral resources which must for surpass all that has been already brought to light. " Reference is made to after time to the energy and go-ahoadodncss' of the American nation, us if there were no other people on the face of the globe whose commercial activity and individual enterprise would bear comparison with theirs. But I say that the merest glance at theatrical statistics of the Australasian group of colonies will show that the Anglo-Saxon race in the antipodes have, in ratio to population, far outstripped the Americans in commercial and industrial progress. " I have ventured to dwell on these facts with the hope that some scheme may be devised by which the tide of emigrants now weekly Mow- ing into the States of America may be turned to Australasia. The great drawback to emigration to Australia and New Zealand has been the idea of distance, and it is to be hoped that as soon as direct telegraphic communication has been established, and that the mind of the nation can be brought into frequent contact with thoir.follow-countrymon in the antipodes, by reading in the newspapers every morning the telegraphic summary of occurrences in those colonies, the idea of distance will little by little, melt away, until at last a voyage to Australia will be thought us telling us a trip to the Channel Islands. " The same idea of distance acting as a big boar prevented the Australian' markets from being resorted to for the purchase of homes s, flour, buy, outs, and coals for the North China Expedi- tion of 1860, and for the Abyssinian war the other day. Had that market been used, as it no doubt would have been used had direct telegraphic communication been then established, an economy would have been effected in the nianugoiiiont of those wars that would have represented a sum almost large enough to defray the cost of a line joining India with Australia. " Among the many plans submitted to the public for knitting closer the connection between the mother country and the Australian dependencies, I know none so likely to accomplish the end OF telegraphic communication s for then the misconceptions which distance and time now only exaggerate, will be few and far between and, to use a modern phrase, be preventible. " I trust that any telegraphic scheme which may be proposed for uniting England with Australia will include Port Darwin as its main terminus on the continent, with a fine stretch- ing some 750 miles across to Cooper's Creek, whence branch lines would radiate to much of the colonies. By its proximity to India, and by the exertions being put forth by the South Australian Government to Bottle it, Port Darwin must sooner or later become an important port and outlet for trade." THE SUEZ CANAL. This important work continues to occupy pub- lia attention. The Blue Cross, a vessel of 1000 tons burden, cleared at London for Calcutta via Suez on December 2. She draws only 17 foot of water, has been built expressly for the trade, and is the property of Messrs. T. and W. Smith, of Crosby Square. Captain Kennedy, her commander, has no doubt of the complete success of the venture and hopes to be back in London on April 1. The saving of time on the double voyage will be about five months. The toll for each passage through the canal will be £560, but at least double that amount will be saved in coal, seamen's wages, and rations. The traffic from the opening to November 28, that is, in eleven days, was as follows Fifty-two vessels arrived from Port Said at Lake Timsah between the 17th and 19th of November, and seven between the 20th and 28th j fifty- one vessels left Lake Timsah for Suez from the 19th to the 21st, and five from the 22nd to the 28th Them rivals at Port Sail from Suez in the interval between the 18th and 28th November were altogether forty five Of those, seven were from eastern seas on their way to Europe, and were from the Mediterranean on their way to the Indies The total number of vessels that passed through the Canal during the period rofe! rod to was 130, the aggregate tonnage of which was 80,000 tons, The tele grain from M de Lesseps with reference to the passage of these vessels was Notwithstanding this extraordinary traffic, only six vessels touched the ground slightly , of these four got off without aid, and but two required of little assistance to set them afloat No loss of cargo, no vessel damaged , neither the bottom nor the sides of the canal injured " The Nook, we must unite run ashore during very fine weather during the evening of November 28 on the African mainland near Raa Gharb the Brazilian was obliged to discharge nearly half of her cargo at Port Said and then only reached Ismailia after five days passage the absence of the Duo dAostu from the in- regulations ceremony at the opening of the Suez Canal has given rise to various reports one being that the Royal Admir is felt piqued at the Italian squadron being placed fourth on the list in the order of entrance, to the isthmus We should rather act ibuto Ina absence to the critical state of King Victor's health than to any umbrage taken in a matter of precedence England, being the greatest maritime power, ranked first, glance next Piuasiii thud, and Italy fourth the question suggested was w bother Prussia, although aged eat military nation ought to have banked before Italy as a naval power 'the Gillingham Kent by the Empress to the Emperor on the pro vision of the opening of Suez Canal was as follows - ' I have arrived at Port Sukl in good health A magical I keep tion ' I have never seen anything like it in my life the squn lions mo anchored in the road stead VII the French who are born regret with me that our squadron is not present M Bohío has given me your letter I embrace you both (Emperor and Prince Imperial) underly " It is not creditable to us that English enterprise li na been for stalled in the attempt to utilise the newly opened Canal On December 15 Messrs l'luiaamot and Co, the shipowners of Marseilles, were to commence running the first ship of then direct line of steamers from Bombay to Marseilles Messrs Triaster have hitherto been chiefly engaged in the Italian trade, but early in the present year announced to their shareholders that they would be pro put ed to take advantage of the new route as soon as it was practicable An important notification was issued on De comba 13 from the Hydrographic Department of the Admiralty in reference to the navigation of the Suez Canal, containing an elaborate report of Commander G S Mines of Her Majesty's surveying ship Newport, which vessel passed through the canal at the opening Aitoi touch- ing upon the bin ber of Port Said, the em i out pilot signals As it states "Thirty HIL miles of the canal are subject to send drilling One squall was experienced (force 0), when the drift was as thick as my ordinary fog, and most dis crossing to the eyes so much so that, had the ship been in the curve at the time, there would hut of boon pi cut difficulty in keeping her in the proper channel fresh water pipes run along the west bank of the canal for the greater part of its length, and doubtless as soon as the water is no longer required for the engines it will be used to irrigate the banks and endeavored stop this nuisance In the total eighty six and a half miles sixty five may be considered as quite completed throughout the remaining twenty one and a half miles there is either dredging or embanking work still going on For five miles in the worst part of Lake Baikal and the Lagoons south of Lake Timsah, constant in edging will be a quired until means are found to keep the banks solid enough to prevent the water communicating In the Sorupoum cutting there is a rocky range of a few yards with only eighteen feet of water upon it, which will soon be removed Except for about ten miles there is twenty four foot of water through out the canal Vessels drawing seventeen foot tun pass through with ease When Ihobuinor of Serapeum is i entered the canal will be open to ships drawing twenty feet of water The largest ship that passed through the canal at the opening was the Police, Egyptian yacht, drawing sixteen foot, and about 250 foot long Several ships grounded on the passage, but all got off again without delay. The grounding was caused more by the desire of the forty or fifty ships to get quickly through than through any fault of the canal " A well informed correspondent chats in his own pleasant way of the " surroundings" and the character of some of the visitors at the inauguration of the 31107 Canal He Buy s, under date Cairo, November 25 -" Everyone, from Kaiser and Khedive to fellah and railway porter always excepting hotelkeepers, the bourgeoisie, and the donkey boys must be heartily glad it is over, and that the ceremonials have gone off 80 wonderfully well, That tempers have been tried and that toes have been trodden on 11 such a rush cannot be denied or wondered at Now that all is over we may, without captiouanoBB, express the opinion that the lundofFgy pt insulted by a self inflicted plague i here were too many guests invited, and they were of a sort in many instances to do no good to themselves or any- body of thing else The pressure was greater than the constitution could bear There has been a good deal of grumbling some quite as reasonable and ridiculous, if not irritating and discreditable, a little well founded, perhaps, so far as fortune is concerned People of great expectations who came late have not what caní talists call ' realised " on the occasion. The Suez? Canal IIUB made men acquainted with strange bed fellows Imagine a gentleman of no distinction in any way going to the Viceroy and demanding an audience, which Ismail, most accessible of puBluis and rulers to Europeans, granted, and in which his injured guest complained that he had been put to sleep in a double bedded room ! And what a fine stroke of humor there was in the Khedive's atonement he gave orders that three more beds should be placed in the apartment of the complainant The way noble lords have been shoved into two pair socks and doubled up with " common aids " or literary gents, or lode, has been very trying and now and then graver mistakes have been made , but if the bill of grievances were extended over so long, there would be still an immense amount of courtesy, order, and attention to acknowledge, praise and be thankful for which, under all the circumstances, is very astonishing the canal so far suggests topics of a very different character Even said Manchester mon, despite the cautions of their engineering friends, are now disposed to think that the canal will revolutionise the trade and com mores of half the world, and exercise on cotton and silk and tea, and the like, influences as yet undreamt of and unconcerned Although t es men of-war in Timsah are very insignificant in their way, the KhedivE und M de Lesseps would no doubt prefer to see a good fleet of merchantmen on their way through, and it is hoped that the Peninsular and Oriental steamer f Delta, which come this morning, will be persuaded to go on to Suez at all events " It is stated that in order to expedite the works now going on at the Suez Canal, in increasing the depth of water in its shallow portions, the contractor has urged the necessity of closing it to the navigation of vessels, in order to construct dams in various ports between Ismailia and Suez, which would enable him to excavate it of the rock and other hard substances in much shorter time than by the present working The proposition is still under consideration It is most desirable the excavations should be completed with all expedition, as motor vessel drawing more than seventeen feet of water must discharge a portion of her cargo, so as to lighten her to the drought required As soon as the obstacles are removed, vessels drawing twenty feet and twenty four foot of water will be enabled to pass through OPENING OF THE OJOUMENIOAL COUNCIL-The Ooumonioal Council was opened on December 8 Amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvoes of artillery from the Castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventine, the procession for wed in the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala Russia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the Cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six Archbishop-Princes, 49 Cardinals, 11 Patriarchs, 680 Archbishops and Bishops, 22 Abbots, and 29 Generals of religious orders. In all about SOO ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the Cathedral in the gestatoria! chair. His Holiness first knelt some time before the Sacrament, and the assembly then took their places in the Council-hall" in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inaugural discourse. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, the ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. The tribunes of the Council-hall were occupied by the sovereigns and princes present in Rome, the members of the diplomatic body, Generals Dumont and Kanzler, and the Roman and foreign nobility. The Council-hall presented a most splendid and imposing appearance. After giving the benediction the Pope received the homage of the members of the Council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council. A hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the | choristers. Persons not members of the assembly then quitted the hall. The Prelates approved the decree opening the Council, the Te Deum followed, and the ceremony terminated. The Empress of Austria was present in the gallery set apart for foreign Sovereigns. The weather was very bad. On December 9 the Pope read to the members assembled a short homily in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled in greater numbers than ever. They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under the auspices of the Holy Spirit on the errors of human science. The I Church was stronger than Heaven itself; and I now was the time to consider what remedies were efficacious against the present evils. The Bishops should strive with him to secure peace fulness in the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the Holy Angels, the fourth sitting of the General Congregation was to be held on December 28. After the election of the committee appointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, the assembly will probably enter upon the discussion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling is among the subjects announced for discussion by the Ecumenical Council. The debate will be opened by the Bishop of Privas. Among other matters of speculation connected with the Roman Catholic Council it has become a question, not merely what these reverend seig- niors will say (if they are to say anything but how they will say it. Latin, of course, is supposed to be the official tongue, but at a little rehearsal held the other day they came to signal grief at once on the question of concocting the address to his Holiness in answer-more parts mentioned his speech from the chair, for it was found that all the Latin available did not suffice for a common conversation. A few American Bishops proposed to substitute French, and things went on smoothly for a few minutes in the Tongue of the Galicans, when the Bishop of Reggio protested against the profanation. Matters of the Church could only be treated in Latin, he said, the Vulgate being written in that holy tongue, and some one even suggested Christ and the Apostles as having spoken that tongue. And so the Latin debate was resumed j n by the few who had mastered the language to a J speakable degree. The others sat in silence, but j d when it came to signing the address they did on sign it all like men. The following are the p names of those who form the committee on i b Anglican Orders in the Vatican Council Car- , ii dinals Reisarch and Cullen, the Archbishop of i h Baltimore, with Drs. Manning and Ullathorne. to Had Dr. Newman been in Rome, he would have been asked to act as their secretary. ! b The Times correspondent gives us, in the for- a b lowing description, an admirable idea of the b varied characteristics of the crowd attending on i w the proceedings : " Of course London, with its to three millions, can get up a larger multitude of j 1 men, on a good many occasions ; but it could ! t' not be anything like so strange, so money, so s picturesque, and so surprising. Imagine all the of figures in all the pictures of churches, countries, j t cities, villager, by all the Italian and all the Dutch artists, walking out of their frames, just as they are, and you have the crowd in which I have been wandering like a mote in a sunbeam. I am living in company with Raphael, Titian, Paul Veronese, and also Tenders for I have never seen more beautiful dresses, never more quaint, never more savage and uncouth." Describing the service, he says :-" Strange as it may seem to English Protestant ears, the service was incessantly going on at all the altars in the church a congregations were assembled at them, bells were ringing, and responses chanted, and every now and then there was a procession, with bell and candle, from part of the church to another. In the very midst of the sightseers, occupying everywhere the most commanding positions, from the slightest to the most dangerous elevation, priests were celebrating mass, as if they were alone in the vast solitudes of the old basilicas here. I must add that every ten minutes the word of command was given in no gentle voice to some body of soldiers, to clear an avenue, push back a crowd, or make some new combination. This they had sometimes to do in the face of strong remonstrances. Lower down the nave I hear the thieves were plying their trade, with concerted attempts at disorder." DR. LIVINGSTONE. The Bombay Gazette of November 20 publishes an interesting letter from Dr. Livingstone, , dated May 30, 1869 and received at Zanzibar by Dr. Kirk, Her Majesty's Consul, on October 2, 1869, which, at the risk of having been forestalled, we reproduce. Dr. Kirk, in forwarding it, wrote to Mr. 0. Gonne, Secretary to Government, Bombay, under date Zanzibar, October 2, 1869, as follows :- | } " Sir,-I have the honor to enclose herewith, for the information of the Right Hon. the Governor in Council, the copy of a letter from Dr. Livingstone, dated the 30th of May, 1869, and received at Zanzibar this day. The requests made by Dr. Livingstone in a previous communication that reached on September 7, having been already complied with, I shall lose no time in supplying the things herein demanded. There will, however, be some difficulty in getting faithful men, as the Arabs of Unyanyombe, being of the El Haothi tribe, are by no means loyal subjects of Scyd Majid, and, as Dr. Livingstone tells us, still engaged in the slave traders have, 4c, " John KIRK." The following, dated Ujiji, May 30, 1869, is from Dr. Livingstone : " My dear Doctor Kirk, This note goes by Musa Kamaals, who was employed by Koarji to drive the buffaloes hither, but by over-driving them unmercifully iii the sun, and tying them up to save trouble in holding, they all died before they got to Unyauyembe. He witnessed the plundering of my goods and got a share of them, and I have given him bends and cloth sufficient to buy provisions for himself in the way back to Zanzibar. He has done nothing here. He neither went near the goods have, not tried to prevent their bring stolen in the way. I suppose that pay for four months in coming, other our of rest, and four in going back would be ample, but I leave this to your decision. I could not employ him to carry my mail back, nor can I say anything to him, for he at once goes to the Ujijiiins and gives his own version of all be hears. He is untruthful and ill-con- visioned, and would hand off the mail to any one who wished to destroy it. The people here are like the Kilwa traders, haters of the Eng ? Hall, Those Zanzibar men whom I met between this and Nyossa were gentlemen, and traded with honor. Hero, as in the haunts of the Kilwa bordes, slaving is a series of forays, and they dread exposure by my letters. No one will take charge of them. I have got Thank bin SuelKm to take a mail privately for transmission to Unranye^ibe. It contains a cheque on Ritchie, Stewart, and Co., of Bombay, for 2000 / rupees, and some forty letters written during my slow recovery I fear it may never reach you A party was sent to the coast two months ago One man volunteered to take a letter secretly, but his master warned them all not to do so, because I might write something he did not like He went out with the party and gave orders to the headman to destroy any letter he might detect on the way Thu-, though I am good friends outwardly with them all, I can get no assistance in procuring carriers, and, as you will see, if the mail comes to hand I went to Zanzibar for 15 good boatmen, to act as carrier if required , SO pieces of ment and 40 ditto of limited, 12 fare sala- of the bed called jamais, Sheep, Act and I have written to Seyd Majid begging two of his guards to see to the safety of the goods here' into Thank bin Sheahan's hands, or into those of Mohammed bin S ship As to the work to be done by me it is only to connect the sources which I have discovered from 500 to 700 miles south of Speke and Baker's with their Nile The volume of water which flows north from latitude 120 south is no cause I suspect that I have been working at the sources of the Congo as well as those of the Nile I have to go down the eastern line of drainage to Baker's turning point Tanganyika,NyiageChovvambo(Baker's') are one water, and the head of it is 300 miles south of time The western and central lines of drainage converge into an unvisited lake west of southwest of this The outflow of this, whether to Congo or Nile, I have to ascertain The people of this, called Manvema, are canny but-, if Arabs speak truly I may have to go there first, and down Tanganyika if I come out uneaten, and find my new squad from Zanzibar I earnestly hope that you will do what you can to help me with the goods and men £100 to be sent by Mr Young must surely have come to you through Fleming and Jo " A long box paid for to > Ujiji wn- left at Uuvinyembe, and so with other boxes " MISCELLANEOUS POSTAL SERVICE TO THE COLONIES The following notice has been issued by the Post office -On the 1st of January next, and thence- forward, the scale of weight which is now in force for charging inland letters, as well as letters to most of the British colonies, will be extended to the undermentioned colonies, viz -New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia, Queensland, Tasmania, New Zealand, Mauritius, Penang, Singapore Under this regulation, a letter for any of the colonies named, if weighing more than one ounce, but not exceeding more than one ounce and a half, will be chargeable with three rates of postage, in stead of four, as at present, and if not exceed- ing two ounces and a half, will be chargeable with five rates of postage, instead of six, and so on, the scale progressing by one rate for every half ounce throughout RABBITS IN AUSTRALIA land and Water has the following from a correspondent " Some time since it was reported that a gentleman had paid £5000 for destroying these may chievons vermin, the rabbits, in the colony of Australia, which had eaten all the grass and a starved the sheep Can you inform me whether there are any members of our firm in that colony 5 if not, and any member of the Acch mutilation Society would send a box of us out there, we feel sure we could do the job at a lower figure than that quoted, for in this unhappy country the keepers give us no chance - STOAT AND WEASEL, South Devon, December 22 " AUSTRALIAN PRESERVED MEAT PATRONISED BY Louis NAPOLEON -On December 21, the Emperor received at the Tuileries Mr Taller a man, the enterprising manager of the London Australian Meat Agency Napoleon III, who, during the whole of his reign, has never . neglected any invention which was likely to prove beneficial to the country, appears to have been struck with the statements made concern- ing the economy of using Australian meat where I large quantities of animal food are required for the army, navy, pool houses, and soup kitchens Mr Tallerman was invited to come over and ! bring with him a certain quartz 'y of Australian beef and mutton, in order to test its qualities by being cooked in the Imperial kitchen in various ways, and then to be tasted by the Emperor and others. When the culinary process, under Mr | Tallerman's directions, had been gone through, I the Emperor ordered the various dishes to be sent to the soldiers on duty at the guard room of the Tuileries, and then further directed that the men should express their opinion on them Out of thirty soldiers, twenty five declared they were quite satisfied with such food, and found it an agreeable change from the ordinary rations The Emperor remarked that he thought the dissenting five might be wanting in appetiser, as he found the Australian meat palatable, however cooked Mr Taller- . man, accompanied by Mr Mortimer, the Paris agent, came away a little surprised at the minute investigation the Emperor made about everything concerning the transport, preserving, and cost of Australian meat Preserved meats from America, sold in tin pots, have long since been introduced in Paris, both beef and mutton in this ready cooked form being largely bought The taste of the French, their fondness for soups charged plentifully with vegetables, offers facilities for introducing this class of preserved meat, and which is an economy of 50 per cent over the fresh meat bought in the Paris markets Mr Tallerman's Australian meat in Paris would no doubt meet with le J prejudice than in London, especially too, as the French of the humbler classes are much better and more economical cooks than our English poor men's wives EMIGRATION FROM THE MERSEY -On December 1 the Government officials at Liverpool completed their usual monthly returns of the emigration from the Mersey The number of ships sailing under the Act during the month of November was 25, with 602 cabin and 6530 steerage passengers Of the passengers, 3525 were English, 25 Scotch, 1107 Irish, and 2005 foreigners Of the above, 21 ships sailed to the United States, with 590 cabin, and with 6323 steerage passengers, total, 6913 , of whom 3888 were English, 25 Scotch, 1107 Irish, and 1983 foreigners To Canada there was one ship with 12 cabin and 207 steerage passengers, of whom 137 were English, and 82 from other countries. The number of vessels that sailed without Government supervision to the United States was nine ships, with 460 passengers, to Victoria three ships, with 120 passengers, to South America nine ships, with 117 passengers, to Africa four ships, with 66 passengers, to the West Indies one ship, with 30 passengers and to the East Indies two ships, with 33 passengers The total emigration for the month was 1988, which, when compared with the corresponding month of last year, shows an increase of 1500 The total increase for the eleven months of this year over the same period of last year is put down at 42,915 souls 'The exodus from Ireland still continues, and from Londonderry and Queenstown the tide of emigration still down westward, and this fact accounts for the comparatively small number of Irish emigrants, when compared with former years, which now leave the Mersey for the United States and Canada O'DONOVAN ROSSA - In order to render in- effectual any attempt to rescue O'Donovan Rosea, increased military precautions have, it is said, been taken by the authorities at St Mary's Convict Prison, Chatham, where he is now confined It is stated that us O'Donovan Rosea has been advertised in the London Gazette us the member for Tipperary, a motion will be made on the assembling of the House of Commons that the convict shall take his seat The fact is urged that until Parliament repealed the law disqualifying Jews, the election of Baron Rothschild by the City of London was never gazetted 'The appearance of Russia's mine in the Gazette is held by some lawyers to give him a prima facie title to a seat in the House of Commons, and that the House would possess the power to call him to its bar and to his seat A number of letters from Ireland and elsewhere have been addressed to him in the prison with the letters 'MP" after his name Under the prison regulations, however, no convict is permitted to write or receive letters from any person except at intervals of several months Every letter addressed to a convict is also read It would seem that Rossa was soon in possession of the information that he had been elected, although no official communication was made to him on the subject. The whole of the Fenian convicts now undergoing their sentences of penal servitude at Chatham are kept as much as possible, during the hours of labor, from the other convicts, and, excepting in certain instances, are always employed within the prison walls, and not on the dockyard extension works. The principal work performed by O'Donovan Rossa is that of naming the convicts' stockings, in which he is stated to be an expert hand. Like all the other convicts, the Fenian prisoners have to attend school for so many hours daily. 