Lord Kimberley. the new Colonial Secretary of State, has determined to signalise his accession to that important oflioo in the Imperial Government, by administering to the various colonies a somewhat supercilious reminder that they aro but dependencies of the Empire — mere branches without any true vitality of existence, except -what they derive from the parent stale ; that thoy cannot expect to be con sidered as having a 'will of their own respecting the management of their own affairs ; and that if they should at tempt to act in any 'way that showed a disposition on their part to exercise the right of free will in their own concerns, then the vials of Colonial Office wrath shall be poured out unsparingly upon them in the person of their respective Governors for. . the timo being. Lord Kimberley, in fact, following up the traditions of Downing- street, has thought that Mb first duty as Colonial Minister was to snub the colonies. And he has improved on tho old pattern of proceeding by introducing the novelty of - snubbing them gratuitously and proprio motu. He could not wait for an opportunity to arise, so eager was he to perform this assumed function of his position. But he must forsooth create one. The echoes of tho expres sion sf public opinion in the colonies on the question of genuine, as dis tinguished from sham self-government, appear to have struck upon his ear, as he seated himself for the first time in the seat of authority. And he deter mined forthwith to ' put down ' all such impertinences, as became the self complacent magnate of absolutist authority to do. Accordingly he in dites a circular despatch to all the Governors of tho Australian colonies, telling them they must mind what they are about in hearkening to the counsels of their Ministers, or else take the consequences. If they take the advice of their Ministers rather than follow tho dictates of tho Imperial Ministers in. London, they know what is to follow. The ghost of poor Sir Charles Darling must haunt their memories, and they must measure their conduct by the standard which that persecuted Governor had ventured to ignore, and paid the bitter penalty of so doing. Let them, then, havo a care. They stand on dangerous ground. He has reason to believo that the colonial public, and the Ministers who hold office in obedience to the will and pleasure of that calonial public, have begun to dream of their possess ing the right to regulate tho tariffs of their respective countries, in accordance with what appears to them the most fitting, convenient, and advantageous course of proceeding. Ho learns that they contemplate establishing a system of intercolonial free trado, without re ference to the fiscal charges imposed upon imports from foreign countries. They think it becoming .and pro fitable to their respective local iu torests, ho has been given to under stand, that they should arrange the fiscal charges upon imports in such a manner as that colonial products and manufactures should pass from one colony to another freo of duty, whilst their several custom housc3 still levy fiscal charges upon the products and .manufactures of foreign countries im ported into their territories. This, he tells them, must not be. It would be to establish a system of differenticl duties in favor of their own domestic commerce, and in antagonism to the trade in foreign, commodities. How such a fiscal heresy could have obtained a footing in colonial minds he cares not to inquire. It is enough that such a pernicious error should be entertained and cherished by thosa stiit-necked provincials. And he hastens to pro nounce anathema upon it, and upon all who look upon it with favor. The local Governments may attempt to give practicaletfect to this erroneous doctrine. But if they do, the Imperial officers who preside over the3e Governments must obey him in his censures of such conduct, and must disregard their Minis ters, on pain of the sovereign displea sure of the official divinity who presides in his own, Lord Kimbekley's, proper person, in the dingy heaven of Down ing- street. Here is the law and the gospel, as it is inscribed in the sacred Imperial archives ; and in order that the colonial Governors, who must consi der themselves as his official agents only, and not as the heads of a constitutional system of government established in the colonies, mav make no mistake, or have no loophole through which to cs-. capo from tho responsibilities of their position, ho furnishes them with the text verbatim et literatim. It is as follows, viz. : — ' The different colonies of Aus ' tralia are at present, in respect to ' their Customs duties, in the position ' of separate and independent conn ' tries. So long as they remain in that ' relation, a law which authorised the ' importation of goods from one colony ' into another on any other terms than ' those applicable to the imports from ' any foreign country, would be epen, ' in the view of her Majesty's Govern ' ment, to the abjection of principle ' which attaches to differential duties.' It is of no consequence, in Lord Kim berley's estimation, that the colonies indulge in. what ho regards as the fan ciful notion that they possess of right, and in fact, actual self-government, and that they imagine this self-government entitles them to regulate their own custom house charges in the way that appears to them most proper and bene ficial to their own material interests, wants, and desires. ? Such a view is a mischievous delusion, and the sooner they disabuse their minds of tho hallu cination the better will it be for them selves and all concerned. This is the deliverance of the oracle, and it must b§ obeyed. ? Having eased his mind by volunteer ing this curtain lecture, with true Caudle unction, to the colonial Gover nors, and through them to the soveral Administrations andcommunities in the colonies, Lord Kimberley proceeds graciously to show, amidst all his self asserted mightiness and rigid main tenance-of the doctrines and practices of Red Tape, with what wondrous con descension he can vouchsafe a con siderate regard for the weaknesses and errors of colonial minds. He wishes not to be too hard with us; and accordingly, he generously stoops to point out to us that there is one way in which we may compass our aspirations for freedom of intercourse in all matters pertaining to the trade in colonial productions. Here is the via sacra on which we may be permitted to tread, viz., a Customs Union. That is the pathway of salva tion. Sic itur ad astra. But we had better give tho inspired words as the official pen has traced them. He says :— ' But her Mnjesty's . Govern ' ment would not object to the esta ' blishment of a complete Customs ' Union between the Australian colo ' nies, whether embracing two or more ' contiguous colonies, or (which would ' be preferable) ' the whole Australian 'Continent with its adjacent islands. ' If any negotiations should be set on ' foot with this object, you are' at ' liberty to giver them- your cordial ' support.' How condescending it is of his lord ship to open this gate for tlie new colo nial policy ! Is it; really to be under stood that the Governors of the several Australian colonies require to obtain this gracious permission from Lord Kimberley to act in accordance with tho advice of their respective Minis tries, before doing so, upon so legiti mate a question of local selfgovern ment as this is? We cannot under the circumstances avoid the blunt ness of plain speech, and call this permissive instruction to the colonial Governors an impertinence. Lord Kimberley, or any other Impe rial Minister, has no authority to limit or enlarge the operation of self government in the colonies. This has its foundation in the charters of our Constitutions, and in the inherent right of British citizens, and not in his or any other Imperial Minister's discre tion. It is a usurpation of unlawful authority on his part to put forth such instructions to colonial Governors as are contained in this circular despatch. And the colonies are not only justified in resolving, but aro bound in duty to themselves to resolve, Lo set it at nought and to act in this matter of their own accord, and in whatever way they may think fit. Further, the Governors ef the several colonies would be violating our Constitutions if they refused to act up to the advice of their respective Administrations, rather than to the counsels ®f Lord Kimbeuley, should it happen that the Ministerial advice and the Downing-street counsels clashed. Until that view is clearly understood in London as well as here, and, when necessary, acted upon in the colonies, our self-government must bo pronounced a delusion and a mockery. And the sooner Lord KiMBEULEr realises this, the better will it bo for his own self-respect, and for the maintenance of a good understand ing between tho Imperial Gavernment and tho several British communities domiciled in Australia. Several circumstances of a favorable character point to the probable sudden development of great resources, and a rapid progress in material prosperity, of a portion of this continent which has received hitherto but scant attention. The colony of Western Australia is to many a terra incoynita, associated in tho popular mini with tho felonry of the mother country— a wild waste broken by occasional forests of giant timber, so dense as to envelope the land in perpetual gloom ; and lacking in its chief centre of population thoso olernents of civilisation and re finement which are found in the older settled colonies of the Australian group. There aro those who have not cared to conjure up a fairer ideal than this of the vast territory which, by reasoa of its character a3 a convict settlement, has presented but littlo charm to tho free immigrant. The industrial enter prise of our own colonists promises, however, to do that for Western Aus tralia which it has lacked the power to do for itself ; and, presently, Victorian capital, labor, and machinery will bo brought to bear in opening up a pathway from the western forests to the sea, as the pre liminary step to unfolding other fields of enterprise and labor which have long lain untrodden and unknown. Its timber alone will for generations prove an abundant Bource of wealth to the western colony, for it is of a character which cannot bo procured in any other part of the world ; whilo India fur nishes a market for this article to the fullest extent to which it can be supplied. I'or a long poriod the chief difficulty in making the tim ber of Western Australia commercially valuable, was the want of roads from tho forest to tho port ot shipment. This, however, has been overcome by a Ballarat company, which is about to lay d-9wn a tramway connecting tho fo rest with Perth, a distance of twelve miles ; and so far has the undertaking proceeded that the wholeof the castings and rolling stock, which havo been manufactured at a Ballarat foundry, will, it is stated, this week be shipped for the western colony. The first link in tho chain of in dustrial and commercial intercourse oecween tno two colonies nas wiua been established, and it will be our own fault if wo fail to improve the advantage by inviting still more in timate relations with our Western neighbor. Tt is not, however, in its forests only that the colony has^ abundant riches; its mineral resources, which, owing to a paucity of labor, are yet but imperfectly developed, are probably as great as those of any of the Australian group. An area of between 1000 and 1300 square- miles on the Upper Irwin, nowhere distant moro than forty or fifty miles from the sea, is known to contain deposits of copper, lead, coal, silver, antimony, plumbago, arsenic, and iron ; and in somo parts of this district, tho auriferous indications are so good that prospecting for a payable gold-field is being carried out there with every reasonable prospect of suc cess. The northern branch of the Irwin gives promise of rich coal dis coveries, for as far back as 18'1-G, two seams of this mineral, one three, and another six feet thick, were discovered near the surface ; and the sandstone formation of that part of the colony favors the presumption that a coal rather than a gold-field will be dis covered there. On the Fitzgerald River, on the southern coast, coal crops out on the surface, but its character is poor, yet sufficiently good, if f fund in large quantities, to make its develop ment afield of remunerative enterprise. Beyond these advantages we have enumerated, Western Australia has others whose value can scarcely be overrated. It possesses a fair average soil (wheat grown some years ago as far north as Roebuck Bay having yielded twenty-five bushels to tho acre), . and a ...particularly healthy climate, subjeet to no such extremes of heat and cold as other portions of this continent. Thus, agricul tural and pastoral ' pursuits are rendered less risky than in the eastern and northern colonies ; and if the profits on these occupations are Ies3, owing to a sparse population and consequent limited consumption, there is an absence of those ruinous losses which aro sustained by squatters and farmers elsewhere, while the terms of settlement aro so easy that the lands may be said to be held from the Crown at a nominal rental. Possessing in an eminent degree at tractions to the European emigrant that can be offered so cheaply by none other of tho Australian colonies, nothing has operated to retard the pro gress of the western state but its penal character. That stigma removed, Western Australia would have a fair, start; and, under liberal legislation and wise laws, with a genial climate, kindly soil, great natural resources, and almost boundless territory, it would not bo surprising if in a few years sho dis tanced her sister states in the race far priority, and boasted a larger population and greater wealth than any of them. That the Wost Aus tralians do not intend to perpetuate a system which shuts them out from communication with the world outside Perth, is evident in the vigorous move ment now being made towards the establishment of responsible govern ment in that colony. With its inaugu ration will come the aspiration for a better state of society, and the blotting out of the penal stain upon the colonial name and character. Instead of bidding for convicts, Western Australia will bid for free men ; and in a few years the whole face of the country will be changed from one of savage grandeur to a scene of busy, thriving industry. It is to the intorest of Victoria that it should bo so. 