The St. Leger. BY JNKMO. Of tho St. Leger horses who are looked upon as haring a ohance about haifa dozen have been backed, soma at very short prices, and others at comparatively long ones. The crack colt of his year, despite his numerous detractors, still holds undisputed command in the betting, and justly so, for ho lias proved himsolf to bo a great and grand horse. As a two-year-old he ran well and gave great Îiromisc, but many who did not like him, whilst admitting lia claims OB a first-class youngster, assorted that he was too big und overgrown to. stand his Derby preparation and race on. And in somo mcasuro his non-ndmirers were right, for Morrison had to treat him rory carefully during thu last week prior to the race for the " blue ribbon." How ho won his race your rendors know, and yet, after attaining such a splendid victory, those who stood against him wcro not satisfied and gare the credit of the win to Joe Morrison. I certninly do .not wish to deprive Morrison of any of his well- earned laurels, but at tilt, same time it must be udmitted that the subsequent running of the colt has been suflloicnt to show that ho . did his shara in scoring tho great three-year-old race of thc year to the credit of tho sifter colony. Oharon did not,run ngnin at the Randwick Meeting, and his next ?millie appearance was on his own sido of tho border 'wlii're lu; pnllptl ofi" tho Viclorian Derby, tho All-Aged, uYiü Qurilii'* 1'hilr, in tim lost named raca beating the grunt. Warrior hy a neck. After scanning over those pcrformuiici's how anyone cnn think (hat he is not far and above tho licit colt of his yenr I udiinot understand, nd yul thora aro hundreds uf perseus who contend lluil u in pithier ii Iiis limul er, nud if lit. will show his I» ut'ioiity ' in I Itu tiiauing Leger. .There can bo no u bl bul dint " ícriips" ii 1 racehorse in cvory senso of th* word, but both flt and well I would trust my reputi I lion to tho care of Mr Fisher's colt, forlbolievo that ho : equally as fast as Lamplighter ; and moreover have an ide that he will hump the weight and stay the distance bette Mr Keighran's colt got a great and unnecessary gruellin in the Victorian Derby, and it is moro than likely the he will hardly havo recovered sufficiently to show hin self in his true colours in the Autumn. The last infoi motion I received concerning bim was that ho wa coming round nicely and would, bar accidents, bo in tolerably fit stato to carry his colours with some pro: | peet of eucoess. Misty Morn, who was bought by M Saqui at tho late Melbourne Meeting, will also bea arms for Victoria. "Whilst in this colony ho neve attracted much attontion, and many good judges gav their verdicts against him, but the Melbourne air appear to agree with him, as ever since his arrival ho bas bee; i doing good things and performing like a racehorse, always thought that ho posseased a good turn of speed but believed that ho could not stay over a long course; atil he is a colt who will improve with age, and should he no be runoflfhia feet bofo re tho Leger he might be troublesome His grand-sire, the old Misty Morn, never did anythini worth mentioning until he was five or six years old, am who knows but that this youngster may not follow tb example of his patornal relative, and some day turn ou a great horse. The only other Melbourneiti likely to create a stir in the market, and afterwards ii the raco, is Coaur de Lion. The Now Warrio: oolt has been improving of late, and should ho honour u with: a visit will make a creditable addition to tin fielders. Masaniello, who OIBO hails from the other sidi of tho Murray, I liko not, and it is questionable whethei he will bo amongst the starters. He has never yet dom any good for bis owner's pocket, and never will, at ICOB so I opino. Dr Smith has four nominations down to hil credit, but it is almost a certainty that tnoy will nul show up; and,now wo come to the Sydney division, whe will have a muoh harder battle than is usual to keep tin "good thing" in this colony. Tho Messrs Lee hav< seven nominations, and ofthat large number I presume about three will come to the post to do the fighting foi tho "green and straw." It is to this stable that I look tc uphold tho fame of New South Wales against tho Vic torian oraoks ; and I oandidly believe that if the winner is not amongst them we have but a very poor ohance ol keeping tho Leger at home. Tho brother to The Barb is at present most in favour with stable and the publio, and if all'goes well he will perhaps yet pull mo through, and win back some of the money he lost for his friends by bocoming the posseseor of a "leg" before he could show himself in his true colours in the Derby. Ho is second favourite, and in my opinion the only animal wo have that is at all likely to upset the pot, for in his absence I cannot see anything to interfere with the winner of the Derby. I have been accused of being prejudiced in favour of this colt, and admit that to a certain extent tho bill is a true one, still I will not allow my fond- ness for him to blind me to the fact that on publio run- ning he is not entitled to the position he now holds in the estimation of the " many headed." Neither do I fool disposed to trust him until I have proof positivo that he has completely recovered from tho injury to tho leg, but, should ho train on and do his work kindly, take my word for it he irill require no end pf shaking olí at the end of the mile and a quarter. That .lie ia superior to. The Fop I am satisfied as far as private doings aro concerned, but in publio tbo latter has always proved his ability to beat him, except on ono occasion when ho gave him weight in the Nursery Handicap. However, it will answer no purpose to waato time and paper in speculating aa to whether his ''leg" will stand or not, as in a few weeks ho will bo doing his breathings on the tan, and then your readers will have an opportunity of judging for themselves. Tho Fop has also been under tho doctor's care, and has had both legs blistered. I saw him a few days Bince and thought ho looked healthy ned well. Ho is a vory con- stant colt, and should tho"btack'un"boagain compelled to go into quarantine, will be a rather troublesome customer to deal with, though I cannot eeo what possioio cnanci he con have with tho present favorito. Many I know say-that had ho started for tho Yiotorinn Sorby he would have won. It may bo so, for Charon got into difficulties when negotiating the turn, and had anything ir the race been a patch on him mutt have lost ; as it was Detective, who has never yet .chown any form, ran bin: to half a length, so even supposing that Tho Fop had started and won tho raco in question, I would not believe in him now, and would cxpoot Oharon to turn tho table: upon ltira in tho St. Loger. Partisan will I understand be put into work for this event, but wo have no real lint to judge him by, and consequently it is bettor to let him alone until he gives us a sample of what he is capable ol accomplishing. Ladyliko, Surbiton, and Student, are not good enough for tho compnny, and tho Alpaca is s stranger, and if he strips will coma to Randwick without a character. Tho mare of tho season, Moselle, occupier a good place in tho market, and her friends have invested a little on her at 5 and C to 1. Her performances have been of a very high order. On her first essay nt racing she made Barbarian strike his colors at Homebush, and in the Randwick Derby modo a' very close thing ol it with Charon, who only passed tho post half a length before her, but it must be borne in mind that the crack had just a leelle to sparo at t he finish. At the last Home, bush meeting she won the Derby in a canter on the first day, and on the second defeated the fast Maid of the Lake by a short nesk for the Màidon Plato, but on that occasion she had a little to spare, and could have won by a couple of lengths had Bennett chosen to let her do so. She is worth backing, nnd is a very probable place getter. Mr E. De Mestre has fire, two of whom, Quiver and Archeress have performed at Randwick in a marner to show that their chances of getting to the front are very remote indeed. Whether the remaining trio oro of a better Btamp remains to bo seen, but tho only one I have heard good accounts of is tho brown gelding by Archer out of Maid of the Forest, who has I think been backed for a trifle. Mr Tait's two Detective and the Ida colt aro of tho improving Bort, and I quito expect to see the pair show to much better advantage as they get oidor, jot as we have at present only publio running to guide us, I fa noy that neither are worthy of much conti dense when pitted ngainst such metal as are mentioned at the beginning of this article. Tho former is turned out at Mouut Druitt, but will I presume be set [going in the course of a day or two, and the Ida oolt is still at Rand- wick, but has not yet commenced operations. . The two Yuttendons-Agnes and Bee in aBonjiet-I fear will not be amongst the starters, as both aro turned out, and I have not heard anything of them for some timo past. Chane has three, Bay Regent, The Gem, and a filly by Alfred from Staylaco. Of the t wo lnttor I know nothing, but tho Regent is not class enough fora race like this, and would do better wero he to shoot at a lessor prize ; for judged by the past, he will not have the ghost of a show here. Idle Boy, as I have often said, is ratbor a favorite of mine, and should he be in condition, I doubt not will be found to be muoh nearer the front rank than he was in tho Derby, He is a grand goer, but tho paco is wanting, still that notwithstanding, he is about ono of the best of the rough lot, and just worth taking au outside shot about. Mr A. Cobcrofts colt, Captain Cook is spoken well of, but I have never seen him, and must postpone any rcmurks I may have to oiler until I hure had the pleasure of making his acquaintance. Charlton, though a good colt is not class enough, and tho sarao may bo said with equal justice of Antecctos and Stanley. Highflyer, Grafton, Viscount, and Sweetmeat aro to me unknown, and therefore I cannot say anything for or against their ohauces until they make their debut upon the convincing ground. j 