"WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1870. As this is a general holiday, and is sure to bo well kept up, it would be useless to seek to occupy the attention of general readers with much beyond the suggestions naturally arising from the event celebrated. This is the birth- day of his Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales, a gentleman who, during the twenty nine years which now* reckon the sum of his life, has certainly been more freely criticised, in his public and private conduct, than any Eoyal Prince whoso apparent, destiny it wai to occupy, the British throne. Perhaps if there had been any newspaper pro?s to canvass the proceedings of tho royal hero whose effigy is ono of the most conspicuous ornaments of the Cathedral of Canterbury in England, the Black-Prince might not have now borne the comparatively spotless oharaoter that he does in British history. If the ruthless newspaper press had had to deal with the earlier career alono of our King Henry the Fifth, and had not allowed the public to be dazzled by the subse- quent ¡ .victories gainèd in a war now universally acknowledged to have been one of selfish aggression, the glory of Agincourt1 would not havo, covered the disgraces that had rung throughout England, and been notorious in all Europe, long before Henry the Fourth was dead. The present heir-apparent, however, has had to stand before assaults from which those martial heroes were' free, without having the opportunity, if he desired it, of plunging his country into war to cover any demerits of his own, or even of joining in any such sanguinary conflict. This is a fair way for every good, british. :subjeot to look at the position ;of the.Prince of Wales > and viewing his career from ' theso points,, it is impossible for any impartial'man to say that there has been anything în;/jiïs. conduct to discredit.the. British throne, or the British people.u Two or three years ago; there was a cartoon in one of the satirical London periodicals, representing the . Prince .'-of. Wales foU lowing the ghost of h's grand-uncle George tho Fourth, ns Hamlet follows- the; ghost of his father in Shakspeare's play ; and before and since that time there have ; been numerous allusions of a similar kind : but, hitherto, there has been nothing whatever to justify or oven to excuse such-comparisons. That the Prince1, bf Wales has been indiscreet, too free-handed, and not; over wise, all. may .be prepared to ndmit ; but to draw any parallel between the young husband and father-of a happy house- hold and the-. debauched individual who had very nearly .brought monarchy, to ruin ;in the British dominions is equally unjust and cruel. Whatever the faults of tho 1 Prince of Wales may be," they . have certainly been well kept .before him , by the public censors; and.no. ?jdoubt he will profit by those lessons. £ Happily,,we live under a isystem which enables, us all) whon WP feel, disposed, in a ,public manner, and without traitorous . or siu'ister ¡designs, to speculate even upon the contingencies of'tho succession. ' Such a con- dition of affairs might possibly >arise a's to induce the Parliament of the United Kingdom gupre'mo in-such a case-to set asido the present'^succession 7 altogether, or even to supersede the monarchy. , But . those who. hold, with us,, that ai,constitutional govern mént, such as-that under which1 we-live, is 'the best and safest''for''tho British Islands, .can - seo "no immediate-, '' prospect ot ita ; overthrow. The. unfortunate young Prince "imperial, or the moro doubtful Prince of tho Asturias, may well givo up all thoughts of a crown, for not only larc,theil ' respective dynastie8.disavQwed,"but.,.ei:en.lthe- fornm of-, government which they íepresent are supor-/ soded, i With regard, to tbe Princo of ^Wales, however, there can be no question ' that he represents,what, in 'trading, talk, mi«tit be called :"tho'' legitimate article.", ' He can trace his descent most unquestionably from William the Conqueror and the ¿¡axon Kings, although it has been sometimes thc fashion to. Tay otherwise ; and we repeat. that, so far as any proof has yet been given, there is no reason ' to refuse him all the honour appertaining to his csa]ted position. í- i y .:; , In' this spiritsthe city of Sydney, and, we presume, allt'iè other cities and towns of Aus- tralia, make, holiday to day'; People who ihave long coased to look upon a, Prince as " the hope - of the nation," -but-, who more sensibly repose their hone'ond^ confidence, ,in the nation itself, will, we récl',a?sured, '«írtjik. the health of his h oyal Highness to' duy with all loyalty and sincerity. It will ,be seen that abundant t oppo'. tunities aro^ f ' pifered - for celebrating tlie occasion, and that excursions by land and water, sports of the aihletes and diversions of all kinds, have, been .devised for public entertainment ; and we. doubt not that; as usual, priva-o parties almost innumerable will be found to have made their own arrange- ments for taking advantage of the' holiday. May tho weathor bo propitious ! Ono of the most pleasing parts ot' the celebration will be tho evidcncesJ-given, as usual, of the largo amount of substantial comfort and prosperity that, underlies a great deal of apparent discom- fort and certain mismanagement in this com- munity. Thej- occasion is one' 'which fully justifies a little -Judicious relaxation from thc cares of business, and, .although^'everybody cannot make -holiday,-we-feel sure-that-none will envy those who are able to'di'so, but that all will join in wishing success 'to, the celebra- tion. ,*7". . , : :, li, V-.i' . DEATH BY HANOISO.-An inquest, was held at the Australian Youth Hotel, Bay- streot,' Globe, yestorday afternoon, touohing tho death of Charles Graham, lying dead at tho residence of his fathor, Glebe-street. Tho evidence adduced showed that deceased (who wns a single mau, forty years of ago, native of Glasgow, Scotland, unmarried, residing with his. father) has been ah habitual drunkard for a great number of years past, and for a week previous to' his death was in a state of intoxication. On last Monday, about ll. 30 forenoon, was thii' liwt time ho was seen alive. Ho then went to his room. On Tuesday morning his brother, upon entering tho room, found him suspended, with' n clothodine round his rieck, from one of the rafters. 1 Tho body was cold and stiff, death having taken placo some time proviously. Deceased was in a very excited state on Monday morning, and talking incoherently to himself. Evidence, as to tho stato of tho foots having been adduced, the jury, under direction J of tho coroner, returned a verdict oit ".Suioide undo'r j temporary insanity ¿produced by long toitinued acts of tatoxUmtíon.?;.tUBT Jn h%¿--x r>-,:i:io .i.'t' | Paraos or WAIJCS'H BrKTH-DAY. -Thu day beinj the anniversary ot the birth of Hil Royal Highness th< heir apparout to the British throne, a general holiday will be observed, at nil the Government departments. and at tho banks and Insuranoe ofllcos, ko., in tbo city, j The arrangements for tho enjoyment of tho people ar« manifold. Tlicro is tho great aquatic tournament al Balmain, and tho field day at tho Albert Park. Thc German Association will hold their annual fete at thc Botany Tea Gardens, and tho various Courts ol Royal Foresters will assemble for merriment al Cremorne. The lessee of the Sir Joseph Banks Hotel has announced an "At Homo" on tho occasion, and threo steamers are laid on for Manly Beach. Thc railway authorities aro issuing excursion tickets on thc most tempting conditions. Tho friends and children attending the Sacred Heart Schools will tako an excursion to Balmoral. There aro athletic sports at I Parramatta Park, and liberal arrangements havo been I made by tho River Company for tho convenience ol intending visitors. ALBERT GROUSD SPOUTS.-It has seldom happened that so fine a programmo has been issued by thc directors of this popular place of amusement as that put forth in honour of H.R.H. tho Prince of Wales, ?to-day ; and sure, but a glance down','the list oj entries )s needed to show a marvellous prospect of Bport for lovers of pedestrianism. There nro.nU sorts of events .for all sorts of peop]ó ; and there is sure to be immense excitement over tho meeting of the champion walkers of Victoria with those of our own soil. Lyall and Woodhouse gave us such a tasto of:their quality the other day that their fame has spread far and wide; and thousands of unfortunates who could not eco them then will, or ought to, go this afternoon. Many of our "pcds"have long handicaps ;'ohd'on'papor it looks to be anybody's race. ( Those liolidny-makerswho wish to take tho most possible out of tho day, have the satisfaction of knowing that they, can seo tho great four-oar race at Balmain, and then be in time for most of the important events on the Albert Ground. ' The heat of the weather makes it desirable to travel as short a distance as possible ; and in such a case there's no placé so convenient as tho beautiful ground of the A.O.O. . v.. . THE BALMAIN REGATTA.- The great feature in the programme of the aquatic sports to come off to-day in the vicinity of Balmain, is the amateur gig raco, com- prising a crew representing Tasmania, and four Sydney I crews. The event will start at-noon, the course being from Pyrmont Bridge rouiUTGoat Island, thonon round a boat in Johnson's Bay, und baok to flagship. The race has created more excitement here than any ovent that has taken place for many years, and it will likely prove td ba the finest exhibition of rowing that has been seen in Sydney harbour. Slr. Garvnn's crew and Mr. BloxlancVs crew hare hitherto been the strongest favourites for. the event : but during the week tho Tasmanian arow have Borang greatly, into favour; DO also have the No. 1 Sydney Rowing Club crew found more supporters. Several' trials have taken' place round ¡Goat Island, and Fort Denison, but tue time has been1varied so little that it is no indication of the result. The best mile hos been, dono by Mr. Garvan's o'row.tlie next heit by the Tasmanians, but with a heavy .-coxswain ; so it may ho presumed that the two latter crews will be first round Goat Island. Tho :Sydney Bowing Club 'No. 1 crew did their trial on Monday. ? They passed tho red buoy at a flying; start and rounded tho two islands, and carno back to tho buoy in 2Gmin 30sec. "Mr. C. Fitzhardinge's crew, who aro rowing in n. new gig built hy Koynolds, went over tho same courso jutit after- wards in 2Gmm 50sec, but started without way on their craft. ' Mr. Eloxland/s crew .rowed easily over ithe Bal- main courso yosterday morning, at thirty strokes to the minute, and finished .at thirty- two Btrokes. . It is tho opinion of many of "tibôso who h'avo beon watching the progress of tho mon that tho race for first placo will bo between the No. 1' Sydney Rowing Club crew.and the Tasmanians. Tho former are 'taken for choice.-The scullers' raes between M. Bush'and R. Hickey is looked forward to with considerable interest. -1, . TEMTERANCE.-Tho St: Francis's'Total Abstinence Society met in St; Francis's Hall,'on Monday ovotiing last, when the Rev. Father Sheridan administered the pledge' to a number of persons; I Tho society then, hended, by their bancl:proceieded tb St. Benedict's Hall, Parramatta-street, for the purpose of forming a branch in that district. The chair,was ocqupied, by. tho jiqv. Father Sheridan. Oh the platform ' wero several influential Catholic clergymen and laymen, with, the band. The rev. chairman, in an' eloquent address^ briefly, explained the objects of the society, after which an able and instructive lecture on Catholicity was delivered by Mr. Cutoliffe, B.A., during the dolivory bf which the lecturer waa warmly applauded. A vote of thanh.! to the leo turor was moved by tho Rev. Pndre i Pacllio, seconded by Mr. Eyles, and carried by accla- mation. A vote of thanks was accorded to the rev. chairman, who in returning thanks, invited all to receive the pledge, whiohiwos responded,to by a large number. The proceedings closed with ". God Save tho Queen," by the band.-The usual weekly total abstinence meeting was held on Monday evening last, .in.St. Patrick's-Hall; the Rev.-Fathcr-Howzer pre- siding, oponed, tho proceedings in a humorous speech, earnestly Witing all who had not hitherto joined to enrol their names and join the brotherhood and sister- hood. The meeting was addressed by Messrs. Callag- han, Byles, and G.'Bennett, after which alargo number received tho pledge. The following gentlemen were then unanimously elected ns a committee to work the St. Patrick's Total Abstinence Sooiety r-^ho Rev,. Father Hewzcr (president), with Messrs. Farrelly, Darmody,. and. Callaghan.. - At tho close, . the -rev. chairman announced-, a lecture in the,h all,-on "The Character of Irishmen,'" on Wednesday ¿vening next. , F Mm JOHN ' SMITH'S BraEçiT.-Theatrical benefits ore generally given more out of compliment to some favourite artiste than in recognition of particular services rendered to tho community, and any exception to this rule is' deserving'of notice. ' It is announced that Mr. John. Smith, one of the managora of tho Opera Company, will take his first benefit, in' Sydney nt the Opera Houso to-morrow evening, when tho perform-, ance of-" lone ".will bo under the immediate patronage of his Excellency the Governor and the Countess pf Belmore, Lieut.-colonol Richardson, the officers and raombdrs of tho Voluutoer Force. Slr. Smith has long been ussoointed with the colonies as ono of their most enterprising caterers .of amusements, and a . brief reference to a; few of tho principal novelties ho has introduced to Australia, at his own risk, during tho lost ten years, will suffice to show that ho hos done tho public some service,, and is, therefore, deserving of their support on tho proposed occasion." To his enterprise; the colonies are indebted for the visit of the celebrated original'Christy .Minstrels, the still inore celebrated Japanese Jugglers, and, lastly, the excellent-Opera Company now performing here, which would never have delighted our cars but for tho untiring oxer'tirihs of Mr. Smith, in conjunction with' those of his part- ner, Mr. Lyster, tho- latter of whom visited Italy espe- cially to engage them. Mr. Smith enjoys the reputa- tion of being a.thoroiighly straightforward and honour- able man of business, and it will bo surprising if the appearance of the theatre to-morrow evening does not afford convincing proof that whatever faults may bo oscribod to the Sydney public, ingratitude is not ono of them. j.i .EX-STUDENTS T. STUDENTS OP .LYNDHURST COL- LEGE.-Yesterday, at tho Albert Cricket Ground, Redfern, a close contested cricket match took placo betweon eleven of tho ex-students and a similar team of students belonging to Lyndhurst College Club. * The . match was in return for n similar contest between these^'competitors on June 4 th last past, terminating in a victory for the resident students. A more lovely day than yesterday never dawned. What with cool and refreshing wind, and the bright nun's rays, tempered by, passing clouds, there was no room left for com- plaint, i The ground was in beautiful trim, being far from'heavy. After the arrival of the students, by 'buses, on tho ground, play commenced punctually at 10, and continued (except a slight intermission for luncheon) till 5 in the evening, when a victory was recorded in favour of the ex-students. . Upwards of 300 .spectators, including a large ' body of the clergy, i appeared to take considerable interest in . the xciting contest. Tho_ teams were then conveyed by 'buses to tho . coUege, amidst loud demonstrations of pleasure, and par- took of a dinner, provided by the ex- students, from the cuisine of Mr. Compagnoni; whereat a friendly : interchange of civilities and good fellowship was pleasantly discussed. - The remainder of the evening passed over with- much eclat ; a succession of vocal music, speeches, and recita- tions appeared to bo heartily enjoyed. Appended is the soore :- . . ; ; -.- ' STUDENTS. ? Tint Innings. Second Innings. Harnett, b Curtin .. .. 0 runout .. .'. 0 Edwards, b Lynch, b Curtis .. D run out .. .. T Phillips, o Curtis .. .. 0 b Curtis .. .. g Xassldy. run out ,... .- 55, b Curtis .. ,.. ,, ,3 Williamson; b-Curtis - .\ -1 b'Lynch - '.. *? ' ,."0 Fitzgerald, c Lynch, b Curtis O o Byrnes, b Lynch .. 14 Martin, run out .. ,, 1 (,run out 11 ;>.0.; .1 .!.. a Montague, b Curtis.. . 10. b Lynch..,", ...r .." ,. 0 Hynes, bCartis ' - ..-"O' s Curtis; ,b Lynch " V IB Brady, cana bCurtis .- ;£.. 28:'not out' '<??< Ji>V"v. . 0 Staunton,! not out .. '.'. ,2 ¡BCuttis,'biXynch JÎ '.. a Wide».. . ",..... .1,. j,,;- j. . ? , ' . .. J '..:.:? 03 . ' ?' '" ¡¡jj .. \ ; Kx-SrnnExm.' ju-, .' ¡ .->:. . First Innings. ' . ". Second Innings.. Mnlronoy, b Cassidy '.. 2 absent M-Mnhon, c Martin, bCassidy 45 not oat ... ..12 Williamson, s Fitzgerald .. 6! not out . . ' .. ?> . ., ¡i Callachor, b Cassidy ,. 8 b Martin .. : .. 0 Lynch, b Martin .. .. 12 0Cassidy, bMontague.. 18 Curtis, c Harnett, b Martin.; 2 runout .. . : .,12 HUkc, bCassidy .. .. 13 0andbMóntame ?' ,.' 0 Coonan, b Cassidy .. ... - 0 b Martin > "itloi .J-,.,.2 Byrnes, 0Staunton, b Cassidy?,o ruaqnt ¡¿¿JT..Í) ?'?' -.. i." M Laughlin, run out . - '.. .0, U Cassidy.-,' -..4 Caraber, notvcut-.'.." ? ,i'4t' ci Martin, b Monuurua.. 0 rByes,.10;-Iegbye,-l --.»-li-Byes,3: irides, 2.. 6 ¡ii .* 0 /, ,a .» 