ST. HENRY THE MARTYR. Mb. Henry Parkes is the most unfortunate man alive. His whole career has been one of bitterness, persecution, and un merited suffering. He is everlastingly appealing to our pity, and showing us his miseries. Can it be all true ? Is society — moral, commercial, and political — engaged in a continuous con- spiracy against a man of great ability, of some public service, and, until recently, of high public position 1 Is the world so horribly cruel, that it occasionally picks out some man, and by tacit and universal consent hunts him, runs him down, and flings him to the pack ? Mr. Punch thinks not. The world is a tolerably fair world ; and in the main treats a man pretty much as he deserves. In a very recent work, written by no less a person than one who is practically the private secretary of the Queen, a capital story is told of one who knew the world very well. It is this. Lord Melbourne was asked what his experi ence of mankind as a prime minister had taught him to think about men " Oh !" said Lord Melbourne, " they are d — d good fellows in the main, deuced vain you know ; you can never get at the bottom of their vanity, but capital fellows in all other respects. " Mr. Parkes's melancholy experience would appear to be exactly the reverse. And yet Mr. Punch thinks Mr. Parkes has no fair ground of complaint. Mr. Parkes has been the hero or the victim of two stupendous commercial failures. His friends have been numerous, and have given the most pathetic evidence | of their friendship. He has had enormous sums of money from all kinds of sources. He has been constantly in the Legislature of the country, except when the country was paying handsomely to keep him out of it. He has drawn thousands of pounds from the public Treasury as Ambassador in London, as Chief Secre tary here — and yet he has all along been persecuted. When, three years ago, he made some thumping statements at Kiama, which distracted the whole country, and from the effects of which we are even now suffering, and when he was called upon to substantiate these statements and failed, he complained of persecution, and howled for sympathy. Then Mr. Punch con ceived it to be his duty to point out that Mr. Parkes was not the proper object for sympathy ; that it was the country that should be sympathized with. Mr. Parkes, however, was success ful enough to get a number of gentlemen, out of sympathy, to declare that black was white ; to swear to a ghost ; to take their oath about the existence of half a regiment of special constables of which the Tnspector-General of Police had never heard, and which Mr. Parkes himself admitted never existed. There is 110 man in the world who has got so much out of the sympathy of mankind as Mr. Parkes. He is no genius, and yet he gets gold out of pockets from which a starving Chatterton, or a dying Deniehy would not get a copper. The Sydney Morning Herald — which, as a wholly unsympa thetic and exclusively commercial institution, naturally hates irregular proceedings — has got tired of Mr. Parkes, and this day week gave its opinion of him pretty strongly, but fairly. We can understand its commercial managers looking on Mr. Parkes' list of creditors and feeling amazed at the names. It would hardly be safe to expose any old man to the perilous fascinations of such a debtor. Money-making Scotchmen, without a particle of enthusiasm for Mr. Parkes' poetry or principles, bled as freely as Uhlans or Turcos. Old country gentlemen cut the golden fleeces from their slieeps' backs, and sent them in bales to Parkes. District Court Judges, of doubtful tenure of office, sent down their contributions. No wonder the Herald felt alarmed. Let this kind of thing go on, and who is left to sup port the Herald ? And so the gallant old paper dashes to the front, and compels Mr. Parkes to unveil himself. He does, r d again he invokes popular sympathy ; and again he will possibly be returned for Kiama ; and again he will sit, and flourish, and sustain the same horrible persecution to which he has been so long subjected. Sicut erat in principio et nam etc. » Parting Words — Adieu Kiama. 