THE DEPRESSED CONDITION OF THE COLONY. A meeting of the electors of East Tormiswas held in the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday " aing, February S," to devise means to ame liorate the present condition of the colony. __ There "wasa large attendance. His Worship the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mi*, L. T. Smith) presiding. ,n - . "Hie WORSHIP, who took the chair 40 nnuu/^s after the advertised time, said that, with aH" due deference to the conveners of the meetar^ he thoueht the advertisement was of a sufficiently anonymous character to have justi<jed their candidates absenting themselves if they had thoaght necessary. (Hear, hear.\ He sug gested that the names of the conveners of meet jTjyrs should append their names Iso she notices. <liear, hear.) Those -present isere ?well aware ihat the present was one of a aeries of meetings to he held throughout the colony with a view to 'curing' the present evils. Every well-wisher of the colony would he glad to know that there -were persons in the colony who were up and <loin«'. They would show their so-called repre sentatives that they would not he hound by their views and actions. Mr. C. S. HARE moved the following resolu tion :- . . " That in the opinion of this meeting cheaper land and increased facilities for agricultural settlement are absolutely necessary for the pre servation and future progress of the country." The conveners of the meeting did not come forward as the representatives of any particular , section of politics. Messrs. Skelton and J. j Clark and he banded themselves together to get j land here as cheap and on as easy term as in ; Victoria. {Applause.} He threw himself into j the movement with the utmost enthusiasm. : He was quite prepared to advocate cheaper land. Now he would not iuinpt the Puritan style of twenty-fifth and lastly, hut would simply touch on a few facts in connection with the subject. Cheap land would be the salvation of the colony. (Cheers.) The effect of cheap land was shown to great advantage in the other colonies, the United States, and Canada. In the latter places 160 acres was given to every family who settled 011 the land. He did not want them to give then land away. "When reclaimed from their native .state, tbe lands here were very rich in quality, juid would attract population. Encouragement in the way of cheap land should be held out-to immigrants from the United Kingdom. In this way the waste lands would be cleared and culti vated, and a better state of things brought about. The fanners as a rule might not cany on agricultural operations on any scientific K3-stem, hut they would learn to do so in time, sind in the meantime they should be protected. The Government should not be the judgment creditor of the fanner, and when he was in difficulties and his crops failed to seize all be possessed. They should leave him his implements and stock to enable him to carry on. (Hear, bear.) In this way they would retain then- population. That might be a new doctrine to his hearers, but it would be paternal government. When the fanners went two years ago to tbe Strang ways Ministry to ask for land reform they got trash. When they asked for bread, they were offered a stone. (Cheers.) When they wanted cheap land, they were offered it at £2 per acre. Much of the land was worn out with over cropping, and additional country should be thrown open to the farmers. Things here were 111 a demoralized condition, because ill the thriving colony of V ictoria they were next door to throwing away the land. (Cheers.) The terms there were 2s. per acre per annum for 10 years for blocks not exceeding 320 acres. At the end of the decennial period the land was constituted a freehold. (Hear, hear.) The Government here must give a better or at least an equally liberal land policy, to enable this colony to compete with her rival. By the last steamboat to Melbourne 79 labouring men left Port Adelaide, and 45 by the preceding boat, while he was assured that in three weeks 3S0 persons crossed the Murray at Wellington to settle in Victoria. In the" Garden of the Colony- Mount Gambier-residents wereleaving To shoals because land in Victoria was offered at a cheaper rate. (Applause.) They must meet this difficulty at once. If the bone and sinew of the place, the farmers, and artisans left the colony, -what were the rest to do ? They would have a city of ghosts. (Laughter.) Their chapels cost them a good deal: but they would have to bo left behind. A wiser and more liberal scheme could be devised. Their land here was not so well watered as the Victorian, and therefore not ?o good. Consequently tliey must l>e a little more liberal. The Committee's broad platform was cheap lands and free selection. In bis section of the platfonn scheme he held some what more liberal opinions. Mr. Sellar might laugh. There was a sort of sneering devil in his laugh. That young man of the day, be thought, was the jackass of the period. (Laughter.) He proposed grants of 640 acres, with free selection swd payments extending over *>0 years, and one-lifth to be put under cultiva tion. What he wanted would be bona tide settlement. (Hear, hear.) The Wakefield system had done good, but its day had passed. The perpetual cry had been " Wheat' wheat' and in consequence over-cropping had re duced the yield from twenty to five and six bushels to the ucre. \Hear, hear.) A better plan than this should be pursued as in England, where there were sheepwalks which kept the farms in heart, as they sup plied portions of farms alternately with manure; and he would like to see a similar plan adopted here. A small family could well uiauage a farm of <340 acres. He would join in the memorial j to dissolve the present Parliament and elect a ( new one pledged to meet this question, lie ; had nothing to do with individual members, but the whole were at fault. Some were clever men . amongst them. He had nothing to say against j Mr. Strangways, who would, he thought, | .' Turn about," and wheel about, and jump -Jim j Crow, _ ? Tuni about, and wheel about, and do just so." } (Laughter.) Whatever would make him the | Governor of the period he would adopt, i (Laughter.) The fresh men would attend to the j voice of the colony, and carry useful measures ; for the welfare of the colony. He knew what the general feeling was, and men of thought considered that if a new Parliament could not i do better they would have to return to the old nominee system. (Shame.) ] Mr. A. DOWIE seconded. There were times when all should speak ont, and not give out an uncertain sound. (Applause.) One reason foi ch caper land was because it was the chief cause of the prosperity of all young countries. This was exemplified in America. This colony prospered in its early days1 because the laud policy was more liberal than in the other colonies. "Now, however, there was a change, and the tables were turned. The Victorian Government had promulgated a more liberal Land Act. and .the people were leaving here for the sister colony. During the last IS years they had had a good market for their produce. Victoria was formerly a customer, but now she was growing as much as the residents required, and they should devise an equally liberal land measure to that of the sister colony to attract and retain population. He had great faith in the future of the colony, The well-direeted industry of the colonists he thought would eventually make this a great and flourishing colony. He did not therefore sympathize with the cry tha t the colony was going to the dogs. (Applause and disapprobation.) Mr. J. A. Holder supported the resolution. He thought every well-wisher of the colony should come forward and express his opinions. He believed if they did not soon have cheaper laud they would lose the bone and sinew of the colony. The platform he took was cheap land and free selection, with payments to be decided by tbe people and their representatives. When 2s. per acre was to be paid annually in Victoria, that should be the extreme limit here, ?and if anvthing the terms should be even more libel's! than those on the other side, lie alto gether objected to the tone of the letter which * had appeared in the signed Capital." Tlie writer stated that the agitators of the present movement were doing harm to the -colony by the action thev were taking, by the *' serious injury they are inflicting npon those who have purchased laud under tbe old and present system." He joined issue with the ?writer entirely. He believed that if the land north of the Burra and Port Augusta and west -ward from Port Lincoln were thrown open for settlement on the terms he suggested this would not permanent ly deteriorate the value of lain! at present owned. (Cheers.) The laud in New York had not been depreciated in value because of the 160-acre gifts to settlers iu the unsettled inland parts of the United States. On the con "b'ary, the land iu that city, as he kuew of his own knowledge, had increased in value im mensely. The 10,000 people who emigrated to New York weekly did not all go to the outer districts. Some settled in the eity aiid neighbourhood, and this had been the cause of the value of property having been enhanced by the influx of immigrants. If the price of land were reduced, there would be really more encouragement offered to the capitalist than under the existing system. He deprecated the remark in the letter he had referred to that in the event of this reduction capitalists would call in their -securities, which would be tantamount to ruining many farmers. He repeated that a cheaper system would not ultimately depreciate tbe value of -settled land. If a farmer could leave his small holding- and go inland where he could get land by paying 2s. jier fljinum for 10 yeare, it would eventually benefit all parties. In evciy area of land-granted niBMto a large block -was resjeryed fpr school purposes,' the rental ? paying all lieccs'^yy expenses; and he would.like to see a similar provision made here. (Applause.). " was informed that the land in Victoria W&f;, 'jot better than South Australian land. no.) _ Well, if it was not so good' they sbo*jld give it at a cheaper rate. (Hear, hear.) They should use every constitutional means to get a cheap Land Bill, and His Excellency shqpald be asked to dissolve the House, as there -did not seem to be sufficient coherency among- the members to carry a projser measure. Mr._CeuncillorIfiESiBEBsaid.theletter signed " CapitaF' upset him altogether. "When all the evils the writer predicted were considered, they were-aSb surd and unfounded. Be had laboured for -More than 21 years here, and he strove for "the ?good of the .?colony. He asked what would the-men with small holdings do if all the people left. If 20 or -39 per cent, of the population left the colony, what would therest do? Howeverthey might try to attract population, they-should not expend money. {Hear, hear.) If aU the money spent for immigration purposes since 1S51 had been thrown away, it would have been equally productive of good. (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN CJ.akk moved the second resolu tion 4'That an adjustment of the tariff admitting raw materials duty free for manufacturing purposes only is essentially necessary for our interests." He said it was fortunate that in all places there had been times more favourable than others for the promulgation of truths, and just now there was a great change taking place in the minds of the people. He was not a red-hot Protectionist, for he thought that neither free trade nor pro tection was wholly suited to any country. They had been lately treated to many long and elaborate articles by the Press on the subject, and there seemed to be a desire on the part of their politicians to change then* minds, but they feared the charge of inconsistency. They had also been treated by the Adwl<'*er with two loDg articles on the depression.- The writer tirst went on to say that depression was general at the present time, and went to England, Frauce, and America to prove it. A good deal of it was true, but a good part of that relating to America was not, and the waiter knew it. This was not a new thing for the Jdwh'.^r, because he knew that parts of their London correspondent's letter relating to the American war were cut out because the editor did not agree with the views expressed. False statements had been put forth to mislead the public mind, to show that the depression of the various trades in America was caused by the protective tariff. It was the excise duties that had ' been put on after tlie war and other taxation which had caused it. In Victoria, according- to the statement laid before the Chamber of Commerce by Mr. Lorimer, a perfect revolution had taken place since the introduction of the protective tariff, and there had been an increase in the population of 45 per cent. They must stop the exodus from the colony, or else the colony would go down. They were suffering from a large number of mechanics leaving their shores to enrich Victoria. This was because skilled labour was never sufficiently encouraged. If a revised free list had been introduced it would have prevented a large number of young mechanics from leaving. In regard to the present Parliament, there were many good, honourable, and useful men in it, and he hoped they would get in again if there was a dissolution. They wanted a sprinkling- of new blood, and a number of tlie old members would have a better knowledge of the wants of the people after going before them. They had to choose a Treasurer out of two men-both of whom had been convicted of grave offences-the one of having prostituted his positron as a Minister of the Crown to injure a civil servant, the other of bartering the prerogatives of the Crown for a valuable consideration. As to Mr. Clyde, although he disagreed with him on political principles, he would say that, no one had ever come out with cleaner hands than he had from the Galbraith trial. He was glad 'there was one Minister who had served them, and was actuated by honest motives. Mr. F. G. HAI.es seconded the motion. lie said it was a well-known fact that through bad legislation a large number of people were leaving our shores, and they must find out the reason. 11 had been said they needed more liberal laud laws. This he admitted; but what he had to speak of was protection to native industries. The labourer should have the same facilities as the farmer; and it was not only the farmers, but a large number of mechanics were leaving the colony. The same cause that was taking the farmers to Victoria was taking the mechanics there. They wanted protection to native indus tries: but he did not think the members of the House of Assembly were the men to give it them, as they were the representatives of foreign capital. It had been urged that protection would make things dearer; but it would bring and keep population. !t had been said some time ago that Victoria was on the road to ruin, and her system was now taking their labour from them. He thought an income tax should be imposed, but the members of the present Parliament were not the ones to do it. Their own individual interests prevented them giving South Australia what she wanted; for if they did. they would lose a good deal of monev. They needed cheap land, and protection to native industry. He most heartily supported the resnlution. The motion was curried unanimously. Mr. J. SKKI.tus propose! the third resolution, as under : - "That from the acknowledged inability of the present Parliament to meet the difficulties in which the colony is placed, this meeting resolves to memorialize His Excellency the Governor to dissolve the present House of Assembly, in order to afford the country au opportunity of electing gentlemen who are capable of dealing with the wants of the colony/' The Parliament was imbecile, corrupt, and dis honest. The members had proved themselves incapable, as they had done nothing in the six months they had been in session. The Government some time ago proposed to tax the necessaries of life ; but what they wanted were differential duties. He thought there was not a dirtier transaction than that matter of Cobb & Co. The fact was there were too many contractors in the House. There were too manv Hills and Fullers and others there. It would not do to have in the Legislature the hands of a Government crippled and their independence overthrown bv affairs of this kind. They should not have an impecunious Chief .Secretarv. When he saw such a proud stately fellow* as Hughes in the street he felt positively disgusted. His actions with respect to Mr. Galbraith were a species of political dishonesty of the worst possible kind. He was opposed on political grounds to the Hon. T. Reynolds and Mr. Glyde, but he would rather see them in office than the present Ministers. The last mail took home the news that the colony could not pay a paltry £2,000 or .£3.000 for the salaries of the civil servants, a«d yet the Chief Secretary could draw his i'1,300. (Applause, and " Give it to him.") He could refer, as he did 011 a previous occasion, to the kind of lion, members who could be bought and sold. There were four factious in the House of _ Assembly, and while this state of things existed au independent Government could not be organized. Mr. D. Fisher had formerly stated to liis constituents that he would be win ing to explain at any time his reasons for voting in a particular way in the Assembly, and as he was an elector of the district he would take him at hisword. He would ask Mr. Fisher andtheother members who voted as he did why they sanctioned the expendi ture of ±800,000for theconstruction of the South-Eastern Railway. He had prepared a large colom-ed map of the South-East, showiug the course of the proposed railway, aud he would explain its object and inutility. The line was proposed to commence at Lacepede Bay, proceed thence to Xarracoorte, pass Penola, touch at Mount Gambier, and end at Port MacDonnell. At 2STarraooorte au agri cultural area had beeu proclaimed, where land could be obtained at ±'3 10s. per acre. In this area 16,000 acres had been taken up, and many of their German fellow- colonists had gone there: but, as his friend Mr. luichauff stated at the late meeting 111 Adelaide, when they arrived at Xarracoorte they could not iind any good laud, and consequently many of them had gone over the -Border into Victoria. At Penola Mr. Riddoch, M.P., owned 24,934 acres, which cost him about ±'26,307, or a little'over ajguinea per acre. No wonder Mr. Riddoch supported the present Government, and voted for the railwn.v. (Cheers and laughter.) The people at Mouiit Gambier did not want the railway. They were close to Port MacDonnell, and would not be inconvenienced in taking- their own produce to that port, which was a safe one. Their horses required a little work of this kind at slack times. This line of railway was one of the most flagrant and shamefaced pieces of legislation that he ever knew. ]f the £800,000 were expended he believed the colony would lose .£40,000 per annum through it. The Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway was equally as- great a blunder. 3Ir. Galbraith, who was formerly Scab inspector in the South-East, had written him a letter on the projected railway in that district, which he would read if he had that gentleman's permission. . (Mr. Galbraith-'-'You may read it.") The letter therefore was as follows:-"4th February, 1870. Dear Sir Allow me to state a few facts in connection with the proposed South-Eastern Railway, which I think are not generally known. Firstly-The statistics, purporting to be a correct return of t&e; goods and passenger traffic which passed * jirough Penola during three months, and re cently laid before Parliament en one of the discussions of the Southeastern Railway Bill by Mi\\- Riddoch, ane ' to my knowledge quite unreliable. I know who collected them, who paid for the collection, (and how they were manipulated so as to meet the views of the person who paid for their collection: and were an opportunity afforded me I could easily prove that not one tithe of the stated traffic actually i took place. Secondly-From my intimate knowledge of the South-Eastern District, I can confidently state that if one train per diem is run as proposed from Lacepede to MaeDomiell Bays, the retain Trill not pay for grease to the wheels an i fuel for the engines. The quantity of good agricultural land in the hauds of the Crowu in the South-East is veiy limited in extent, and to the east of the proposed rail way to the boundary of the province. With Victoria, from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier, a distance of over 60 miles, there is not 5,000 acres unsold, and to the west of the proposed railway for a width of ten miles from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier there is not 5,000 acres unsold. Mr. Eiddoeh and two or three others have certainly through our present land system acquired large estates along the proposed line, but I think it is hardly fair that the colonists of South Australia should be saddled with an enormous annual debt merely to put some thousands of pounds into the hands of two or three individuals who, by giving false statements and 'log-rolling' - ('Give it its mildest name')-in the House of Assembly, have been trying to_ feather their own nests at the expense of all other colonists." Mr. Hughes would like to trample on him as he did on Sir. Galbraith, but he defied him. He did not care a jot for him. The letter showed some valuable facts with reference to the matter. (Cheers.) Mr. NIKXABER seconded. With regard to the South-Eastern Railway, he thought it was a great shame that the House of Assembly should vote £800,000 for this work. It was a disgrace the way in which the Government was carried on. He thought it was time they gave their members the sack. Mr. D. FISHER, M.P., apologized for the un expected absence of his colleague (Mr. (>. Pearce, M.P.). There was something about his friend Mr. Skelton which he admired. He admired him for his tin-owing heart and soul into everything he took up. Looking at the matter in question, he was happy to meet his constituents and explain his conduct. He was the first, advocate of free selection, deferred pay ments, and bona fide occupation. He had seized every opportunity in advocating an improved land system. He pointed out in the House the effect of the new land system of Victoria. All the colonies were vicing with each other in putting- forward liberal schemes of laud reform. He liad notliing to answer for, but took credit to himself. (Oh and Hear.) If land reform were not effected here the colony would go to the dogs. (Cheers.) He was as independent as any man present, and tried to do his duty in the House. There were thousands of acres of good agricultural land near the South-Eastern Railway in addition to the 16,000 acres taken up in the Narracoorte area. (Cheers and No.) Victoria was making every effort to i attract trade and population from South Aus tralia, and the trade of the South-East would all i go to Melbourne if nothing were done by the Government to retain it in the eolony. It was one of the best- things ever devised for that district. A trade would be opened up there equal to, if not superior to any part of the colony. (" Have you ever been there?") He had not been there, but there were maps to study, and information which would enable a man to form au opinion ou the matter. The interests of the colony were utterly neglected in the House of Assembly, where all the members were at sixes and sevens. It was impossible for the members to combine together for the public good. He was about to sign the petition to His Exccllency to dissolve the House, but a friend held him back, and said, Mr. Fisher, don't sign," and accordingly he desisted. This, however, showed how com pletely sick he was of the bad position of affairs in the House. Mr. H. L. GALBRAITH said as Sir. Fisher had challenged the statement in his letter, he would say that he did not state that there were thou sands of acres of land in the South-East; but what he said was, that to the east and west of the proposed railway there were not more than 5,000 acres of unsold land. There was plenty of land in the hands of private individuals. _ The proposition was carried without a dissen tient. Mr. BUBMAN wished to ask Mr. Fisher whether he would take charge of the dissolution petition, but the CHAIRMAN said he thought the quest Sen was not a fail- one to ask Mr. Fisher, and it was therefore not put. On tlic- motion of Mr. HAIJK a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman. In acknowledging, the CHAIHMAX said that no one regretted more than himself the present representation of East Torrens, and he was no party to it. He was grieved that the electors had to meet to pass such a resolution as they had. The meeting, which had been of a lively character, terminated shortly before half-past 10 o'clock. THE DISSOLUTION MEMOIUAI..-The following is the memorial emanating from the public meeting held oi_ Friday. 4th iust.: " To His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, Bart., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Province of South Australia. May it please your Excellency We, the undersigned, humbly approach your Excellency to draw your attention to the present distressed state" of the country, showing your Excellency that, while all the gTeat staple products of the country are un remunerative, the great wheat-producing in terest is the most depressed. We beg respectfully to call your attention to this alarming fact. Numbers of the bone and sinew of the colony (the farmers in fact) are leaving _ their once cherished homes in South Australia for the cheaper lauds of Victoria. Your memorialists have failed to observe any competency in the present House of Assem bly to cope with and provide an efficient remedy for this great emergency. Its prolonged session is now passing awav without this task having been attempted. " From its general character and proceedings, as well as this neglect of so great- and obvious a duty, your memorialists liave lost all faith in the integrity and political skill of the present Parliament. And we now earnestly im plore your Excellency to dissolve the present Parliament, with .-i, view of procuring an abler class of represen- j tatives in a fresh Parliament, in order to deal j with the dangers to us arising from the new i land law of Victoria, which permits a free selee- j tion of land to bon;1 fide settlers to the extent j of 320 acres, payable at the rate of 2s. per acre I per amium for 10 vears, constituting a purchase ! in fee. j " This enactment of the Victorian Legislature i is the alluring cause of the exodus of our agri- j cultural people, to check which by an equally liberal law, as well as by judicious legislation in j an amended tariff, admitting raw materials duty j free-for manufacturing purposes only-should ! be the special work of the new Parliament, j which, if speedily done, would, your memo- | rialists believe, under a gracious Providence, i happily procure a return to that prosperity i which we so long enjoyed. ~ j .. And your memorialists will ever prav." 