— — — ? ? ? D100ESE OF BATHURST. ? A ? (From our Correspondent.) The past week has been devoted by tho Ca . tholics of Bathurst to religious observances of the moBt important description. On Sunday, at the mid-day mass, the Jubilee was commenced in this city. Father Woolfrey preached on the occasion, explaining the nature and objects of a Jubilee in a style and manner that impressed the vast congregation that listened to him with the full value of the great blessing they were abOUC tO enjoy. lviuaii ui nuc tioi £jr ua u-llo uiu cese were present during the week preaching at stated times during the day, and engaged in the confessional at others. In addition to the clergy of the diocese, his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland and the Very Rev. Dr. M'Alroy, V.G. of the diocese of Goulburn, arrived early in the week to take part in two very solemn ceremonies of the church, the profession of a Sister of Mercy and the solemn annual requiem mass for the everlasting repose of the soul of the late Dean Grant. Every year at the recur rence of this anniversary the solemn requiem mass has been offered, at least since Bathurst has been erected into an Episcopal See. On this occasion, as on all the rest, the presence of strange dignitaries added to its importance and effect. The sermon on the necessity and benefit of prayers for the souls of the dead was preached by Father Woolfrey and listened to with the greatest interest. On Thursday the ceremony of the profession of a Sister of Mercy took place in the Cathedral, which, it is unnecessary to say, was crowded in all iss parts. The Bishop of Bathurst officiated whilst the Bishop of Maitland preached one of the finest sermons ever heard in Bathurst. I am sorry I cannot give verbatim but I forward vou an epitome of what he said. His Lordship took for his text the following words from the First Epistle of St. John, chap ter ii., 15th, 16th, and 17th verses : — ' Love not the world, nor the things which are in the world : if any man love the world the charity of the Father is not in him. 'For all that is in the world is the concupis cence of the flesh, and the concupiscence of the eyes, and the pride of life, which is not of the Father, but of the world. 'And the world passeth away, and the con cupiscence thereof. But he that doth the will of God abideth for ever.' VV o aic buiu. in UU.K3 uuopcx uiiaiu c» yuuug uiau, anxious to know what was necessary to secure Ms eternal salvation asked our Divine Redeemer what he was to do. Our Divine Redeemer replied to him, ' Go and observe the Command ments.' He informed our Divine Redeemer that he had already done so, and required what else he should do ' ' If thou wish to be per fect,' answered our Lord, 'go and sell what thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come and follow me.' And when the young man had heard this word, he went away sad, for he had great pos sessions.' Thus we learn that the young man, having rich possessions, did not relish the coun sel, and had not courage to carry out the advice, given by our Divine Redeemer. On this occa sion, my brethren, we are assembled in great numbers to pay respect and honour to a young lady who, inspired by greater courage and impelled by nobler virtue than that of the young man of the Gospel, presents herself before the altar of God to renounce all her worldly goods, and to conse crate herself to the service of God. On this morning she presents herself before her venerable Bishop to pronounce three vows — of poverty, chastity, and obedience — that will engage her, not for a month, not for a year, not for a fixed period of time, but for her whole life to the obser vance of the evangelical counsels and of three virtues which are in direct antagonism to the threefold concupiscence laid down in the text which I have read for you. It is not my inten tion to enter into an explanation of the text, but all I will say is, that by concupiscence of the eyes is meant riches and wordly goods, by the concupiscence of the flesh all carnal and sensual pleasures, and by the pride of life all wordly honors, dignities and preferments. Now, by the vow of poverty which this young lady will make this morning, she renounces all her wordly goods. She will declare solemnly, in the presence of us all, and in the sight God and his angels in heaven, that He and He alone shall be her portion for ever ; and this vow of poverty which she makes obliges her to renounce, not only all her worldly goods, but also disengages her from all affection towards them. By the vow of chastity she renonnces all carnal and sensual pleasures, and declares that the honor of God for her whole life will be her delight and her whole aim. By obedience she concecrates to the service of God her whole being, her mind, her intellect, her will and all the faculties of her soul ; and while by the vow of poverty she renounces ail her worldly gooas ior tne giory oi God, and by the vow of chastity she conse crates her body to His holy service, by the vow of obedience she makes a still more perfect aacrifice, by not only giving what she has, but whatever she is, her whole being to the service of her Creator. The world, my dear brethren, does not, and cannot, understand the noble act which you all come here to-day to witness. And yet all that thia young lady is about to ac« eomplish is clearly and distinctly laid down in the Gospel. Our Divine Redeemer himself tame down from heaven in order to work out the salvation of man, to teach us both by word and example the royal road to heaven, and though the Creator and Lord of the universe He selected not a kingly palace for His abode, but was born in a stable at Bethlehem, bereft of all .the comforts and necessaries of life. He had ? not whereon to recline hie head. In the first sermon which He delivered on the i Mount, the very first virtue recorded by him is poverty, '« Blessed are the poor in spirit for thevs is the kingdom of heaven.' The few disciples he 'gathered around him pursued thesamei course. 1 They gloried in having abandoned all things for Hia sake, and even at that time, before the, apostles were strengthened in the faith, and were imbued with the holy spirit of God, our Divine Redeemer, did not hesitate to say to them that because they had abandoned all things they would be rewarded a hundredfold, and would be seated on twelve thrones to judge the twelve tribes of Israel. The vow of chastity, too, my brethren, ia strongly recom mended in the Gospel. It is that virtue which is spoken of by the fathers of the Church as turning men into angels, and making them Godlike here on earth. The holy virgins who consecrate themselves to the service of God, are described as the brightest ornaments and glory of the Church, and the choicest and most illus trious portion of the flock of Christ here on earth. But I need not go beyond the example given by the Immaculate Virgin, the bleased Mother of God. As you all know, my dearly beloved brethren, an archangel from Heaven — a aaesenger sent to her by God — announced to her that she, in preference to all other creatures, visible or invisible, in heaven or on earth, had been chosen to conceive and bring forth a son who was to save his people from their sins— who was to be great, and the Son of the Most High, and of whose kingdoti there was to be no end. She, notwithstanding this heavenly message, enquired 'how shall this be done, for I know not man.' As if she said, 'I have given my heart and soul to my heavenly spouse ; I have consecrated all the senses of my body, my facul ties, and my powers, and my whole being to the service of my Creator ; and I am determined, at any cost, to remain a virgin.' And it was only when the Archangel assured her that, not by the intercourse of man, but by the power and operation of the Holy Ghost, she was to become the mother of the worlds Redeemer, and to orzng lorbii vua aubiiur ui ma, aatj guve xier uim sent in the memorable words, ' Behold the handmaid of the Lord, be it done unto me ac cording to thy word.' So that this perfect chastity was so pleasing to God that He vouchsafed to perform the most stupendous miracle, and so arranged that this noble virgin would attain to the dignity of the mother of God, and at the same time retain her virginal purity. 'W hat more convincing proof can be given of the dignity of the virtue of purity than the wonder ful and allwise arrangements of God in regard to His blessed mother ? By the vow of obedi ence, as we have already said, the Sister of Mercy consecrates her soul — consecrates herself to the service of God, and gives up her own will entirely, in order to perform God's will in the person of those who are placed over her by Divine Providence, as her superiors. St. Paul assures U3 that Christ Himself was obedient, and obedient even unto the death on the cross . and on account of His obedience He was exalted by His Eternal Father, and a name given to Him which is above all names. We are told too, in Scripture,, that obedience is better than sacrifice and victims, for while in sacrifice we offer external things, by obedience we offer our own will and liberty. The great angelic doctor, St. Thomas of Aquin, lays down, that obedience is the chief of the three vows pronounced by religious, and the principal part of the great sacrifice which they make on the day of their profession. Here are his words i — 'Great is poverty, greater is chastity, but the greatest is obedience.' And the great doctor of the Church, St. Augustine, who had . for many years tasted the pleasures of the , flesh and shared in the delights of the world, cried out, ' Oh, holy obedience, what shall I say of thee ! Thou art the spouse of the living God, the lad der of heaven, and the chariot wherin the just man is carried up into paradise, like the Pro phet Elias.' St. Paul, in various passages of his Epistles, passes the highest encomiums on the state of Virginity. He counsels men to follow his example, and declares that the cares and responsibilities of the married state divide the affections of the husband and wife : that the husband thinks of he how can please the wife, and the wife thinks of how she can meet the wishes of the husband. ' But I would have you' says this great Apostle in his First Epistle to the Corinthians, 'to fee without solicitude. He that is without a wife is solicitous for the things f.lm.-h heirmor +.n +,Ti« TjfirrL how ho mav nlease God. But he that is with a wife is solicitous for the things of the world, how he may please his wife, and he is divided ; and the unmarried woman and the virgin thinketh on the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and spirit, but she that is married thinketh on the things of the world, how she may please her husband.' 1 Corinthians, 7 c. 32, 33 and 34 vs. And yet, my brethren, the spirit of the world, which does not relish the things of God, cannot understand the dignity of this state of virginity. These three vows, which- make angels of men, are looked upon as enslaving the minds of the religious — as calculated to render them incapable of accomplishing high and noble aims. But without entering further into the nature of the vows which the young lady will pronounce this morning at the Altar of God, or explaining more at length the obligations which she will thereby contract, I think I will be performing a task more agreeable to you, and more instructive, if I make a few remarks on the nature of the duties which the Sister of Mercy at her profession en gages to perform. She promises to God poverty, chastity, and obedience, and the service of ? the poor, sick, and ignorant. That is to say she undertakes to assist the poor, to visit the sick, and to instruct the ignorant. But, my dearly beloved brethren, will the world say that the re lief of the poor in their indigence and misery is a duty that enslaveB the mind of man. God, who is infinite in power and wisdom, created man to His own image and likeness, and created him for no other end than his own honour and glory. And our Divine Redeemer assures us that any service we render to the poor, that any assistance we give to those in want, He will accept it and take it as a service done to Himself, v' Amen, I say to you, as long as you did it to one of thesei my least brethren, you did it to me.'' And, in accordance with these principleo, laid down by our Divine Redeemer, ). am glad to see estab lished in your city bj the good Siatera of -Mercy a noble institution which provides for thirty orphans, and that too, apart altogether from any Government support, relying solely on Catholic charity, and on a benevolent public. Where is the man worldly minded though ho be who will charge these good Sisters with narrow mindedness for protecting and giving shelter to the houseless orphan ? a work ranked by Our Redeemer Himself among the noblest of the works of mercy that can be performed by man. The Sister of Mercy in the second place engages to visit the sick, and this too, in virtue of the obligation she makes at her profession. A few years ago the greatest powers in Europe were engaged in war. The soldiers were dying in the Crimea, and the wounded were carried in great numbers, to the hospitals of Scutari and Bala clava, and a proposal came spnntaneoulay from the Sisters of Mercy themselves offering their service to the dying soldier on the battle- field and to the wounded in the hospitals. Your Venerable Bishop, in whose presence I am ad dressing you, will bear rue out in the fact which I am going to state to you, that the difficulty which arose at the time in Dublin, was not in precuring sisters to go to the Crimea, but tha real difficulty was in selectiug a limited number from the innumerable applications which came to us from all parts of Ireland. Dublin, Charleville, Kmsale, and other convents of mercy, which 1 do not bring to mind just now, sent their contingent; and the dying soldier in the Crimea had the consolation of being attended by those minis tering angels of mercy. A grateful nation has awarded all hoaour »nd praise to Miss Nightingale for her distinguished services on that occasion, and to her too let all honour be given ' for the world passeth away and the concupiscease thereof hut he that dofch the will of God abideth for ever,' The name of Miss Nightingale will be recorded in history, but the worldly names of the Sisters of Mercy who undertook this noble work may not be handed down to posterity, for having gone under a new name, assumed in religion and under the blessing of God and the protection of the ever Immaculate Virgin they only sought the glory of God, the advantage of the dying and sick soldier and hoped to have their names registered in the book of life. The third duty which the Sister of Mercy undertakes is that of instructing the ignoraut. Thauks and glory be to God, my uear ureuuieu, bnau m uuis jjruuiisui' uiuu ul um adoption we have neither war, pestilence, famine or disease, to call forth the zeal, the sympathy, and the active charity of the Sisters of Mercy. But we are engaged in a war of quite another character in which the rulers of this world and the powers of darkness are contending, in order to withdraw from the Church of God the power and authority of educating the young. This young lady this morning pledges herself to devote her self and all the powers of her mind to the educa tion of the rising generation of this city and this district, and to do that, not deputed by any earthly power, nor by the authority of any worldly Government, but under the authority of him whom the Holy Ghost has appointed to rule and govern this diocese. She ia called therefore in the ways of Divine Providence, to lighten the responsibilities of those who are called to higher duties, and on that aeconut she receives this morning the blessings of the Church, the sanction and encourage ment of her Bishop, and the best wishes and prayers of this congregation and the Catholic people of this vast diocese. And now, my dear child, having explained as briefly and as clearly as I could to this large congregation who surround me the nature of the vows and the duties you undertake this morning, allow me to address a few words to you. God has blessed you with a holy vocation. He has inspired you with greater courage, and a more solid virtue than animatad the breast of the rich young man mentioned in the Gospel. Be always grateful to God for the favours which he has be stowed upon you. Be humble and patient. Give yourself heart and soul to the service of the poor, the sick and the ignorant : and always remember . that God, in giving you this holy vocation has not demanded of you the same sacrifices which he required of the noble sisters whose comaau nity you have the happiness of joining to-day. Besides all the sa?rifsce3 which you make to- day, he required of them to leave their native land — the land of their hearts and affections, while he has been pleased to confer on you the privileges they enjoy, in the land of your birth. I, my self, have come here to-day to give you all the encouragement I could, in carrying out the course you have entered on. You were the first of my flock, on my arrival at Maitland, to convey to me your intention and determination of becom ing a religious and I need not say what happi ness it gives me to see your fondest hopes and holiest aspirations realized this morning. May God in his mercy give you grace and strength to persevere to the end, and may you and the holy sisters, whom you join today, after having instructed many unto justice shine as stars for all eternity. 