THE LAST PARLEY WITH NEW ZEALAND. The Spectator has the following on the with-<*> drawal of the troops and the loan:—"The Colo-<*> nial Office is hedging at last. Hitherto Lord Granville's policy has been drastic enough. He has Men in the massacres of English sad Maori subjects of the Queen little beyond new motives for acknowledging the independence of the power which it at the root of those barbarous aggressions, and in the paralysis of credit in our colony only new opportunities for re enforcing the difficult, ard in this raw, perhaps, impos sible, wisdom of cutting jour coat according to your cloth. The regimen which assured hostile and friendlj Maoris alike of the continued sup port tf the British Government was inexorably declared to be on that very account a mischief and a temptation) and the pecuniary help whioh would have been so much to the colony, and nothing to England, bad been peremptorily re fused, partly from the sort of feeling which makes some parents sternly refuse allowances to extravagant sons, partly from the ill-disguised feeling that if any subrention were given to the English settlers in the colony, common fairness would demand that the balance should be restored by an equal help to the disaffected Maoris. Up to the present moment, in abort, Lord Granville has acted as between the ■ettlers and the hostile Maoris the part of Zeus carefully balancing on Olympos the scales of destiny as between the Achaian chiefs and the people of Dion, with a confessed leaning in lavor of the latter. Now at last, however, there Mem* to be a tremour in that unswerving hand, or else necessity is greater than sympathy, and asserts its rights. For a moment, at least, the rebel scale seems to be the lighter, and the loyal subjects of the Queen are to be actually tendered a modicum of aid. Iris has been sent down from the Olympus of the Colonial-office, as harbinger of peace, in the shape of a radiant message to be flashed beneath the Bed Bea and the Indian Ocean on its way to New Zealand. The New Zealand Commissioners are autho rised to dsiile the Assembly of that colony with a magnificent vision of Imperial help—to wit, a guarantee for a loan of half • million of Money, in other words, a saving of the differ* enoe between the rate of interest whioh the colony must otherwise give, and that which the loan of this country's security will reduce it to, on ttat vast amount. The story of the concession is remarkable enough. The New Zealand Commissioners had pat in, as their last demand, the failure of which would necessarily break off all the pending negotiations between the present Government of New Zealand and the Colonial- office, that the Hone Govern, ment, since it declares the recall of the regiment irrevocable, should guarantee the colony one million sterling for agriculture and puhlie works, the Imperial Government taking the Colonial Treasury Bills at three and a-half per cent., to be issued each year as money is wanted—these bills to be redeemed in ten years by a perma nent loan on the colony's own credit. This de mand the British Government positively refused, but they intimated that if New Zealand would sue in formd pemperii, they would agree to give a guarantee for half the sum—half a mil* £on. This the New Zealand Commissioners in their turn declined to ask for, not considering that their mission authorised them to incur fresh obligations to us for any advantage so in finitesimal—wherenpon the Golomal-offioe, which bad previously refused to make any offer at all on its own account, formally tendered the offer of this magnificent boon i and a* the commissioners did net and could not aeeept it, authorised them to transmit it at once to New Zealand, where it will, on its arrival, find the Assembly in session, and be laid before the House. There can be no question but that, whatever the exact motive of the Government may-be, this step indicates a faltering purpose and a hesitstiog policy. It is, in fret, equiva lent to an abandonment of the principle on which it has hitherto stood. There can be no conceivable distinction of principle between that flavor of moral authority which the loan of a regiment lends to the Colonial Government, and that flavor of moral authority which the guarantee of a loan gives to them. The only difference b one of degree—the presence of the regiment being a flagrant physical fact highly impressive to the native imagination, white the guarantee of a small loan is a moral » J^? ewrjtof any significance to anybody beyond the Colonial Government, and in aU probability carrying none at all to the imagination of the natives. The stay of the regiment would have been a conspicuous coun tenance to the eanse of the Colonial Govern ment. The graat of the guarantee means a temp orary saving to them of some £10,000 a year at most, and little or no moral countenance. It is a sacrifice of principle recommended appa rently by the certainty that it will be a sacrifice to no effectual purpose. It prolongs the dis cussion—for the offer cannot reach New Zealand for five weeks, nor can the answer return for ten —and puts it in the power of Government to ■ay that it did not stand out for a hard abstract principle, but showed a disposition to conciliate, and yet it is the kind of offer which, like the tender of a half-guinea fee to a physican, ought in common decency to be refused. It is con ciliatory, but will not conciliate. It is an offer ostentatiously inadequate to the emergency, but which yet requires an answer, and postpones ultimate measures, like the separation which, if these negotiations be once broken off, the ablest New Zealand statesmen think inevitable. In short, it is a step to gain time and elioit the nature of the opposite player's cards. If New Zealand appears to be ob viously bracing itself for a final severance— whioh will be fairly tested by its declining the offer—there is nothing to prevent a higher bid, in case the polioy of Imperial dismemberment ahould turn out to be very unpopular in Xng. land. If New Zealand hesitates, and either Plays with or swallows the bait, a somewhat dangerous crisis will have been averted, at no cost at all to the British Government, and without either materially strengthening the colonial Government or discouraging their op ponents. For such results as these a sacrifice of abstract principle is a small price to pay. The Time* says :—•• The proposal that Parlia ment shall guarantee a New Zealand loan of a million sterling is not one that can be received with unmixed satisfaction. At first sight, in deed, it appears to involve a serious depar ture from the sound policy on which Lord Granville has taken his stand, with the support of publio opinion in this country, and of which the case of New Zealand afforded a crucial test. A comparison of the claims made by the colonial delegates with the concession now granted by the Government will suffice to dispel this im pression, though it cannot quite remove our repugnance to a step which, however judicious, is in the wrong direction. What Messrs. Featherston and Bell were deputed to ask was, that a British regiment should be left in New Zealand, to be maintained at the expense of the colony, and that, moreover, a war loan of £1,000,000 should be raised under an Imperial guarantee. The first of these demands was firmly l-fjected by the Colonial-omce, and it will no longer he possible for the colony to employ British troops, directly or indirectly, for the pro secution of aggressive schemes. The second has only been entertained in a form essentially different from that in which it was originally preferred. The Government has undertaken to recommend a guarantee of the required amountj not, however, for purposes of war, but, on the contrary, for the construction of roads and other public works by friendly natives, as well as for the promotion of immi gration. It is not to be disguised that, oven thus limited, the sacrifice of principle is con siderable, and it is idle to argue, with Mr R Torrent, that New Zealand can in this way borrow money at 4 per cent.«without entailing upon the taxpayers of Sngland the cost of a ■ingle farthing.' T> Thb venture of the Pa// Mali QtuetU as a morning paper has proved unsuccessful. Its last morning number appeared on Saturday. It wOl be continued as an evening paper v its original form. B *^*^ It is announced that the Pope has been pleased to oonfsr on the Marquis of Bute the " Grand Cross of Gregory XVI.," and that the Marquis will shortly receive an audience to return thanks for the favor. Already, however, the Marquis has sent to the Pope an Easter offsringof 10,000 francs. S» Ebaiicm S*ith hM been gaiettad Chief Justice, and W». Lam*,* j^,^ B puisne judge, of Tasmania. Tn Queen has granted the dignity of knight unto John Morphett, Esq., President of the Legislative Council of Bouth Australia, and George Strickland, Esq., Speaker of the Home of Assembly. It ia understood that the flying squadron which ia to leave England in the autumn will not visit Australia. The Alkenamm has reason to before that the first rabaenption litt for " Lothair " —"mnttd to 3000 copies. It ia said that the offer of some *V?ptandt for Mr. Disraeli's new noTel was made on behalf of the Qemtlemam'i Magazim. A viw daily paper will, U ia said, be shortly started in London, combining *ke peculiar char acteristics of the Saturday Bmitm, the Ath» •ew, and ftmek. Tot Attbtbaltah Mm Some*.—The fol lowing, signed William Purdy, and dated May 11, which -we extract from the Tumn, relatea to the Australian Mail Service:—" Sir,—You have so often allowed me to advocate the reform of postal communication with Australia that I venture to invite attention to a aeries of mea sures which are slowly bat surely accomplishing the end in view. As will be remembered, that end is a fortnightly communication, which will be obtained aa aoon as the colonies will co operate with the English Government in a practical measure to unite all interests and serve the public, not only with Tnasonanls speed, but with the seme undeviating punctuality aa the present service. I wish at present to point out—l. That the Melbourne authori ties have still the direct sea route md the Cape of Good Hope under consideration, which, it should be observed, will offer no great advantages over the Bed Sea route if the Sues Canal can be made available for cheep and eaay passenger traffio as well as the mails which it will be attempted to combine. 8. That there is a more positive advance, whether an im provement or not time will decide, in the route vid San Franeisoo, just advertised by the Port office as open for letters, if so addressed. As there may be a suooeasion of schemes to open up this roate, it may be worth ismailing that a telegram just arrived shows that advices have only lately been feeeived at San Franeiaoo, dated Sydney, March 26, which cannot reach London before the 88nd instant, while on the 16th instant there will be received by the Indian route letters to March 86, and by telegram a day or two afterward* there will be advices in London to April 8L It follows from these facts that the route vid Sues, which brings almost the whole empire under one line of com munication, is still the beat, the most certain, and the only reliable one for postal purposes. There will be no small advantage in perfecting that route by the quickest steaavers and the best means of telegraphy, which, if it doss net quite realise the poet's idea of ' a girdle round about the earth in forty minutes,' will at least bring millions of our fellow-subjects into daily and hourly intercourse, and must, before long, do the same for the Australian colonies in one third of the time now taken, although for the most part telegraphic communications have only taken 81 days in transmission lam especially desirous that your readers should know that the mails may be accelerated by the authorities giving effect to the petition lately presented to the Postmaster-General for the mails to be sent via Brindisi. If a longer in terval cannot be obtained between the arrival and departure of mails when sent by Marseilles, it is notorious there may frequently be two, sometimes three, additional days by the Brin disi route. The telegraphic news of to-day again confirms the point that the route is work ing well, aa it has nearly throughout the past winter. Indeed, the mails inwards and out wards may be relied upon weekly, so that the route is available alike lor Indian as for Australian correspondence, and, I may add, is thereforeinfullrsadiiiussforthe long-desired fort, nightlyconmunicatioo. Iwouldpeintoutthatthe public have the meane in their own hands for sending their letters by this route; they should have their envelopes printed for the purpose, as suggested in your columns, and rely on their own good plane at both ends of the world rather than depend upon a Government eompli anoe with the memorial recently sub mitted for consideration. It is by scch means as these various routes offer, and the competitive action of the separate communi ties, that the great purposes of commerce and of international progress are secured j and I vesture the opinion that perhaps higher results may be thus obtained than waiting for any oom bined movement en the part of colonies with conflicting interests or divergent opinions." ImoMAXT w> Mmns or Baron Bocn tim nooin>nre to tot Coioirm.—Mr. James Creasy, secretary of the Friendly Union Benefit Society, held at the Bonthwark Wesleymn I L<m *"l f lle ' B«™«»<!sey, was summoned by William Billings, through his representative Frederick Billings, his son, a free member of the society, to show cause why he refused to pay the latter £80, being twenty weeks' sick pay alleged to be due to his father, who was residing in Australia. Mr. Newton, in opening the proceedings, said that the complainant joined the society in 1838, and his contributions of Bs. a quarter had since then been regularly paid. They held their meetings at the Wesleyan chapel, and opened and closed the business with prayer, but still they forgot to act honestly towards an old member who, in 1863, emigrated to Auitralia with their knowledge. He, how ever, became ill in i otober last, and forwarded the medical eertifieate by monthly mail, which the son left with the secre tary, who received the contributions up to the present time, but refused to pay the sick money. The defendant said he wee instructed to oppose the demand on just grounds. The rules act forth that every member residing four miles beyond the society's meeting-house should send his eertifieate every fortnight with a receipt. There was a mail from Australia every fortnight and that could easily be done. Mr. Billings observed that the heavy mail only came in once a month, and that all his father*, kttera came that way. There had been a rule passed that a member living so far off would not be entitled to the funds. Mr. Benson told him they received his contributions, and that gave him a claim on the funds. The ease was ultimately adjourned for a month for it to be settled by arbitration, if possible. Tin Citt of Bono*, Bmm.- The City of Boston, steamer, has been written off Lloyd's bit among the " lost" What a world of misery and mourning there often is in a dry and formal entry in a ledger! With what a weight of tragic and sorrowful destinies that one little word " lost" is charged J We had all hoped against hope that the City of Boston was drifting about disabled somewhere on the wide ocean, or making the best of her way home under canvas, and that she might turn up off the Irish coast some morning, or that some ship, meeting or overtaking her, might bring news of, her through her passengen. But in these days no vessel that has retched any port on the map can be many weeka or day. unheard-of at Lloyd's. Whether the City of Boston was crushed by an iceberg, or whether, having lost her steam and steering power, she foundered in a hurieane, or sprang a leak and went down slowly and without help in that immense wilderness of waters, who •hall tell ? The constant familiarity of the passage theeertainty and ease with which it* is per! formed, as regularly as the railway journey from Euaton Station to Hulyhead, obscure from the public imagination the dangers which may be escaped or overcome, but which, especially in the winter months, must always count among the possibilities of an Atlantic voyage. Nor is the recklessness which is one the chief national ' characteristics of Englishmen, and especially of English seafaring men, and which in contract mail steamers ia spt to take the shape of exces sive punctuality in the delivery of the mails, of a nature to diminish the inevitable risks. It is a melancholy satisfaction to be assured that the City of Boston was not overloaded, and that tnere was no defect in her steammc aooaratus when she left harbor for thelaat tiXTSut these calamities ought to make the public in«s upon some precautionary guarantees for the safety of ships and passengers besides the well understood interest of the shipowners. Wind and water are still, in spite ofmeteorolomcal science, incalculable snemies j hut even Legislature can undertake to secure the aes> going public against riskr which are due to the imprudence or impatience of men, and not at all to the "rotation of "Aveu> Avmuu*," in the Imromom Jf«*7,seyt:-"Tbe affected Spartan sternness of Lord Granville in denying pecuniary aid to New Zealand in her distress has at fast sue- Featbentone and Bell, and these gentlemen may be congratulated oa baring obtained a victory. The Government having eonaented to waive the principle of refuting a guarantee to a colonial loan, it waa miserable •tateamanahip to quarrel whether the amount should be a Bullion or a half- million. And yet haggling on' this point was persisted in by Lord Qranvttle up to the last moment. The Commissioners refused to entertain an offer of a guarantee of half a million, but eonaented to forward the proposal of this minor amount to their Government, which they did by telegram on May 11, in order to overtake the steamer at Galle. Lord Gran ville agreed subsequently to concede the guaran tee of a million on condition that half should be spent in construction of roads, so as to give, amongst other things employment to the friendly Maoris, and the other half for immigration purposes. The face is that his Lordship found out that the Commissioners were in earnest, and that the talk about sub mitting ac ultimatum of assistance or separa tion of New Zealand from the mother country, was not all moonshine. Messrs. Featharstone and Bell were to be seen smiling and happy at the State Ball at Buckingham Palace oa May 17; and thus ends this * strange eventful his tory !' "—The subject of the new mail routes to the Australian colonies has been naturally ex citing much interest and speculation. The Postmaster-General recently received a memo rial signed by most of the leading establishments of Australia and India, in favor of this route. That route is generally considered a great suc cess, as it allows several days longer time to reply to letters. There is not much eonidenee as yet in the new Ban Francisco line, for the steamers employed are considered too small, and unanapted for the purpose, and there is no reliance felt on their regularity and punctuality. The Tery irat vessel of the Company, for instance, that reached San Fran cisco on May S was ive days behind her stipu lated time. It is quite certain that for the present only duplicate correspondence will be sent by this fine. The other company pro posing the through route, vid MOfbrd Haven and Portland, have not yet got their capital to gether. In their prospectus they state that they will complete the whole journey to Sydney in forty days, but this is obviously an underesti mate, and forty-four at the very least will probably be required. From Sydney to San Francisco, including the detention for coaling, would take twenty-eight days (reckoning ten knots an hour as the speed of the steamers), thence to Portland six, whence to Milford Haven would demand, on an average, not leas than ten.—Mr. J. C. White has arrived in England from Brisbane. He has come here to report upon wool for the benefit of the squatters m Queensland. He has been attending the May wool sales, and has seen the brokers/ I under stand he is about to start to the north of England, to purtue his inquiry amongst the manufacturers. He has never been in KnVland before, and I am sorry to hear that he issuf fering from indisposition." Aura nr thb D*Ai>-Hoira.~TheBanFran eiaco Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died m that city, and whoat body Wim mediately removed and placed in the dead house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment :—u The body was de posited in a ease where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-^tt. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to u»\Jie^' Ol!fhi V OOBO»«1«*»*. preferring to let the ghosts Ight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at.last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whoas life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through tliekmghaus and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career I but the next instant the poor Gorman fatt on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives 'feed, by which he was restored to oonariousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it £*^ T 'Tell, yen I got sick andvas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said I vas very sick. He vent away, and after he rent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I yoke in de night, and there was no light. I put out mv band, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas , A. lJ? ?*} mj h*Dd *° Tone •*• to toy for the bed clothes, and, ach, vat you think I !<*—*7 • ded man. Dere he vo< cold eneueh •ore. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other tide, too, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called and cried out all I could, and yen I was cettinc up »7j»ead struck a board that was eoverin! "•'t • t^ X " TOt doB- lh» ■"•». »«• am I? Am I dedP- and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myaeif. I ra. not shure. I bad the led man's dress oa me. At last the door opened, and yen I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and yen I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is v true as I am here.'" PBoroßßn CoKnMMscs or th« Etavoxxi cal Axuano* nr New Yobx.—A "general conference of Christians," under the auspices of the several Evangelical Alliances throughout the world, is intended to be held in New York, in September and October next. This will be the fifth gathering of the description that has been held, the previous meetings having been in Lon don and Paris, in Berlin, Geneva, and Amster dam. As it is expected that a large number of English Protestants will be present, a " British New York Conference Committee** has been formed to carry out the necessary arrangements. At the invitation of the chairman and committee a meeting was held at the Caledonian Hotel, Adelphi, on Saturday evening, for the purpose of discussing the plans to be followed: Lord A. 8. Churchill presided. The Bey. Dr. Nolan, secretary, said it was desirable to make the Con ferenoe a success, not merely as a T-tttr of sentiment and Chriatian faith, but also upon high political and international grounds. % H*rry Yemey, M.P., moved a resolution affirm injr, the opinion of the meeting that the confer ence was likely to exert a beneficial influence on nations and upon the true Church of God throughout the world; the resolution wae put and carried. Amorig the names of those who have already announced their intention to pro ceed to the conference are the Sari of Cavan, Lord A. 8. Churchill, Sir Harry Ternev. M P Mr. W. 8. Allen, M.P., Mr. CandUsK M P' Mr. T. Chambers, Q.O, M.P., Mr. R. N Fow.' ler. M.P., Mr. W. £?,**£ Seed, M.P., and Mr. B. Smith, M.P. A aoaaißU tragedy is reported from Balti more. A woman named Catherine Marsh, who lived with her mother and four children in a house near Belair Market, proceeded to District School No. 13, and ealUng out her son James, aged eight years, cut his throat from ear to ear nearly severing his head from his body. A little boy named Burnett came out of school with James and witnessed the murder. Mrs. Marsh also attempted to murder the boy Burnett, but he ran and escaped. She then returned to her homeand went into the back yard, where another •on William, aged ssven years, was ewingmf, ku httl. sbter Mary J^ aged four^Srt S^P-y »••***. 81» next eaiaed hold* William and cut his throat, causing instant death, and immediately grasped her little girl, and, applying her weapon, cut off her head. She then went into the hones and oat the throat of her youngest child, George, aged two *"" f? 1 g!» ■*"»."'•• JP» *••» wiiaeariy severed from the body. She next simnhed her mother, aged about fifty-foar, and very *sbtc, cutting her threat so terribly that at was im possible for her to survive. Mrs. Marsh is about twanty-atvea years of age, and was un doubtedly temporarily fesaae vhoa cosmout tug the murders. 