He hath riches sufficient who hath enough to be charitable. *True living- is not thinking what to act, but acting what we think, A, Boston paper gives the. dimensions of Parepa-Rosa's voice as follows :-"500 feet long, 300 feet wide and as high as the Coliseum.", The lemales of some of the Indian tribes,. in order to keep silence, ill their mouths with water. Our women fill theirs with tea, and gossip more than ever . Theodore Parker says thata " grain of corn is better than a diamond-" Every barn-door fowl in the country will agree with him. SThere is kt man a the town, of Horse-h(ds, Pennsylvania, who,offers to eat a bushel of cut hay on a.wager. If the man is a fair sample of the.inhabitants, the town is rightly named. South Bend, ndia,-has a" champion" laugher, "who. claims that he can laugh louder, heartier, and more scientifically than any other man,,white or black, in Indiana." " Wouldn't you call this the calf of a leg ?" asked Bob pointing to one of his nether limbs. " No," replied Pat, " I should say it was the leg of a calf." ..During the recent freshet in Connecticut, a Waterbury editor telegraphrd another at the scene of action," Send me full particulars of he food," The answer came, " You will find hem in Genesis." SA writer of a love tale, in describing his heroine.h says, " inncence dwells in:the rich curls on tr dark hair." A critic, commenting on this passage, says, " Sorry to . hear it ; me think it. stands a perlous chance of being com bed out.", .. " Marriges dull. engagements depressed, court ships good and prime,scandal overstoked, belles plenty, beaux scace and of poor quality," is the latest report of the matrimonial stock market of Bennington, Vt. . A Southern editor, evidently hen-pecked, says that " if in our school-days the ' rule of three is proverbially trying, how much harder, in after life, do we find the rule of one ?" Scene in a restaurant.-Customer : "Do you call that a veal cutlet, waiter ? Why, it's an insult to every true calf in the country ?" Waiter : * I didn't mean to insult you, sir." - The Bishop of Exeter, is credited with a bon mot, A young lady visiting Bishopstown made the remark that Torquay was very like Switzer land. " Very, ' replied his lordship, " except that there is no sea in Switzerland and no mountains in Torquay." It may be said generally of of husbands as the women said of hers, who had abused her, to an old maid who reproached her for marrying him:-" To be sure, he is not as good a hus band as he ought to be, but heis a powerfulsight better than none." Liberal Englishman . " I was instructed in the art of speaking by a celebrated elocutionist." Disgusted listener :' Sir, this company would havethought themselves more highly obliged to that getlemau had he taught you the art of hold ing your tongue." In the chief courtfoflawin Granada there used to be the picture of a naked man with a large bundle of papers under his arm, and certain words proceeded out of his mouth, of which these are a translation :-" I who won my suit am now stripped to the skin ;.what, then must be the fate of him who lost it ?" Spanish litigation would seem to be almost as expensive a luxury as our own, Recently in Paris. on the day when hunting began, a corporal of the Grenadiers of the Guard, accompanied by a dog, asked for a ticket for the animal at the depot of the railbaggage bureau. " How much for this dog to Meline ?" " Twenty cents." " What I twenty cents ? and I, as a soldier, only pay four cents ? Observe that this is a military dog-why, it's the dog of the colonel." "Dare say," replied the rail road man ; " but he isn't in uniform." A Western justice ordered a witness to " come up and be sworn." He wus informed that the person was deaf and dumb. "I don't care," saidthe judge, very passionately, " whether he is or not. Here is the Constitution of the United States before me. It guarantees to every one the right of speech, and so long as I have the honour of a seat on this bench it shall not be violated or invaded. What the Constitution guarantees to a man, I'm bound he shall have." The White Pine Inland Empire narrates the -following incident :-" Two men were talking at the corner of Hunter and Main-streets yes terday afternoon in a not over-friendly man ner, when one of them remarked,' I guess a man has privilege of free speech in this country don'the ?' The other quietly drew a six-shooter and replied, ''Yes, but wvhat do' you wish, to say ?' The other observing theweapon, answered ' Oh, nothing,' and walked off." - - -'. faRlsstmir doubles all our pleasres, and Sdivides all' our pains. ........ 1 An American quack is so very ingenious a his theory that' he deserves notice. In this country qnacrkety :rmnsso "much'-'in th same groove that a new'idea is 'refreshing. English Fillites may hide their diinriished:heads before this :--" The lubricating of the eyes night and morning with suitable moisture w-buld' retol utionise the world.- :It is the-greatest'discovery ever made since-the beginning of "timz; to discover that a ventilated head shuts 'the:giates against disease; that no .disease can come' to the man, -woman, or child who kedps gai ventilated head." Of Judge Graham, it is related that in' one case which respected some parish rights, and in which the parish of A. B. was frequently adverted to, he said in his 'charge " Gentlemen, there is one circumstance very' remarkable in this case, that both the plaiptiff's and- defehd.. ant's counsel have talked a great deal about one A. B., and that neither of them, has tholdghi proper te call him as a witness !" It was Graham who, one day at the Old Bailey, having;?uitted to pass sentence of death on. a prisoner, aind being told thkt he had-forgotten it; exclaimed very gravely, "Dear me, I beg his pardon, I' m sure !" A late bihop, being desirous of enlarging his palace, caused an architect to prepare plan' of the proposed alterations': but when he came' to know the estimated cost of the works;, he 'de clined to proceed;: "What cheque shall I draw for your fees, sir ?" said the bishop to' the architect, who told him that," as the plans were abandoned, his-charge would be a hundred guineas, ,' A hundred guineas I Why, 'ir, many of my curates do not get so much- in the course of a year." ' (Possibly," said the' other, " but your lordship must remember that I am a bishop among architects." S- GHOSTS. -Ghosts- often come to my window, And knock ittmy chrmberdoor, SOr sit by my side at dinner, : Or walk withrme orithe shore. I know their villainous faces, i As they giggle, and:sneer, and jar.' i They will- ot be gone; so Ill count themi, Ard tell them, what they aie,; te Ghosts of ambition, buried, Ghosts of a love grown cold, Ghosts of a fortune squandered, Ghosts of a tale that's toll; Ghosts of a traitorous frieudship, -And of follies nine times nine ! Come Wizard !come and lay them In the deep Red Sca of-Wine ! A Western American editor prints the fol lowing advertisement.:-" Wanted, at this. office, ahoy to take sheets from the press every Wednesday and Saturday afternoon. 'No limits as to salary, and the said boy is to cdnsiderth at the office exists for his special convenience. .If he don't feel well, or wants to go fishing, or pla y marbles, or see, match games of base ball, or go shopping with his girl, or visit his cousin, th e paper will wait his sovereign pleasure.. Any body, who presumes to criticise his efforts' is to be immediately arrested for coitempt. All the boys he knows are to have free 'run of the office. The editor's time to be exclusively at the aforesaid boy's disposal.' Salary to be drawn several years before. A boy possessing 'these qualification, please reportwhere he can be found, and at what time a deputation of printers may call upon him, and respectfully present refer. enccs of good character on the paittof th office and its employs." - . : . , - 