FAITH AND SCIENCE. MAN IN GENESIS AND GEOLOGY ; OR, THE BIBLICAL ACCOUNTS OF MAN'S CREATION TESTED BY SCIEN TIFIC THEORIES OF HIS ORIGIN AND ANTIQUITY. BY tho Kev. JosEru P. THOMPSON, D.D., LL.D. 12 ino., pp. 149. - ? ' IT is a misfortune that the two camps into which the intellectual world is now divided-those of science and religion-understand so little of one another. Even the weapons of one side are almost unknown to the other. Such is the defective training in the theological schools that that great implement with which the army of science has won almost all its grand victories in modern progress—the process of scientific reasoning— is an instrument with which the young theologians are almost utterly unacquainted— tho cumulative process of reasoning, by which one little fact is piled upon another, until at length, after weary labour, a broad generalization can he erected, which shall be a guide to all future investigation ; the delicate and conscientious balancing of probabilities, until at last a result is obtained a little more probable than any other, and this becomes a clue for other research ; the basis of all conclusions solely on facts, though under the guidance of hypothesis, and tho confidence in the impcra tive, all-embracing nature of law, suffering no exceptions, and eternally and everywhere tho same these are processes and modes of thought to which most theologians are strangers. The conclusions thus obtained seem to them weakly based, the processes too subtile, and tho "Laws" liable to constant interrup tion and exception. The consequence is that at the present time most of our Schools of Theology have no sympathy with modern scientific thought, and do not in the least appreciate the vantage-grounds it has gained. Their instruction in "Natural Theology" is given precisely as it was twenty or thirty years ago, when Paley was the authority, and as though Darwin and his school had not existed. The enemies they attack no longer exist, and the weapons they hurl fall wide of the mark. They fight with the ghost of the past, instead of the bona fide foes of to-day. When at length the tremendous current of scepti- cism and atheism reaches us from England—as it is sure to do in a few years—will our religious guides be prepared to meet it, or shall we repeat the desolate experience of modern Germany in tho matter of Faith and Science. On the other hand, tho physicists of tho day have no proper appreciation of the great facts of conscious- ness and of the wants of the soul, and do not regard the experiences or laws discovered in the great " physical " realm as at all equal in value to those of tho world of matter. In their own field they show themselves often as dogmatic and unscientific in their modes of thought as tho theologians themselves. Dr. Thompson, tho author of the work whose title is given above, is one of the few modern theologians who can look scientific facts and conclusions squarely in the face, and who can appreciate scientific reasoning. Darwinism to his mind is not a spectre of infidelity, nor the confirmation of geology the overthrow of the Bible, nor the " Antiquity of Man" (if proved) the destruction of religion. His treatment of all these important topics is in great contrast to that of many German and English theologians. He examines each on its own merits, and appreciates the cumulative nature of tho arguments of science on each of these questions. He is not too ready to object to a conclusion because it is not fully demonstrated as yet, nor too eager to accept what physicists sometimes claim rather hastily as axioms or settled truths. With all this candid, philosophical habit of mind, and tho author's well-known scholastic attainments, it is a pity that his conclusions on so important subjects were given out in this half-colloquial, lecture-like volume, wherein such a miscellany of topics are dis- cussed as tho Jewish Cosmogony, tho Antiquity of Man, Darwinism, the Sabbath, Woman's Rights, tho Social Compact, Marriage, and Christian Philanthropy. Dr. Thompson's object, heo informs us in this volume, is especially to discuss tho great question, " How to adjust the facts of Science to the Bible ? " With this purpose, tho first great topic which meets him is tho Biblical account of Man's Creation. As a cosmogony, ' he shows its vast superiority, in simplicity and majesty to heathen cosmogonies ; but he admits throughout its main purpose to be spiritual rather than scientific, and, though he finds a general concurrence with tho late results of science, he does not (as many theologians have so unwisely done) press this harmony too closely. The grand truth which it reveals to the world is, in his view, that tho universe is " the work of a personal Creator." In discussing the "Origin of Man," tho author naturally comes at once to the great modern " Hypo- thesis of Development." His treatment of Darwinism is remarkably candid : and he admits that the theory is as consistent with tho doctrine of creation by a personal God as any other. In fact, he might have claimed that it is a more worthy conception of tho Creator than that which makes him continually interfere in the laws he has formed. His objections to the Hypothesis are scientific and well taken—such as Agassiz or Guyot have offered-though tho scientific mind of tho world is more and more con- sidering them as unsound, and is rapidly adopting tho theory as if not a complete Hypothesis of Origin, at least a wonderful explanation of great numbers of tho forms of life existing. Dr. Thompson wisely takes the ground that the " Origin of Life" is yet a mystery, and must be referred back to Divine Power—regarding these recent experiments in " Spontaneous Genera- . tion" as does tho President of tho British Association, who, in the recent meeting at Exeter, said : " In tho various processes of crystallization, of precipitation, &c;, which we witness in dead matter, I cannot see the faintest shadow of an approach to the formation of an organic structure, still less to tho wonderful series of changes which are concerned in tho growth and even the perpetuation of even the lowliest plant." To the possible physical generic connection of Man with the lower animals, Dr. Thompson offers tho usual objections—those quoted from M. Rochet as tho strongest ; being prepared, however, probably to admit that, if these are ever answered, and man's physical structure be proved to be in immediate connection with lower types, tho contrast in his spiritual powers with tho animals only makes tho probability of tho independent existence and creation of his soul the stronger. The most ultra development-believers admit that when, under Natural Selection, instinct became mind, there was "a revolution like a miracle, such as the world had never seen ;" to the scientific theologian may claim that there at least, in the course of development, a supernatural action was as probable as this mysterious change, and that Soul as well as Life may scientifically be claimed as a direct emana- tion from Divine Power. Tho doctor's discussion of "Human Antiquity" is tho most interesting and scholarly feature of tho volume. He examines carefully tho different sources of evidence which modern science has revealed, of a much greater duration of man upon earth than had previously been believed. The Egyptian monuments, he admits, throw tho date of Egyptian civilization beyond tho received date of tho flood ; tho discoveries in the pile- habitations of Switzerland and tho Kitchenmiddens of Denmark point back to at least several thousands of years ; and tho finding of human remains in company with those of tho extinct mammalia, all give a probability of a consider- able antiquity to mankind. In our judgment, he rightly estimates the evidence from tho implements of tho different "ages"-the stone, flint, and iron ages-as not conclusive on chronology. But the grand argument for an immense human antiquity, tho discovery of human implements and bones in connection with tho Drift or tho Glacial Period, in places where evidently vast changes of tho earth's surface have gone on, is valued at its true importance. With a true scientific spirit he does not attempt at present to reconcile these facts and tho apparent chronology of tho Bible, suggesting, however, various possible modes of reconciliation ; thus that the Bible record may be tho history of the fortunes of one great family of man, and not of all ; that tho narration of tho early books of tho Old Testament may be of only typical men or tribes, without any reference to exact succession of years or centuries, or a condensed epitome of history without dates and a consecutive line of historical events ; and finally, and strongest point of all, that tho Bible is not designed as a scientific or chronological work, but as a book of spiritual truth and inspiration. There are more profound problems in tho adjustment of science and religion than any which Dr. Thompson has treated. The great want of tho age is of some master mind who has mastered tho processes of scien- tific reasoning, and has been an original investigator —though not a specialist—in tho field of physical facts, and yet who appreciates the facts of conscious- ness, "'tho laws," and tho mental world, and is imbued with a profound sense of faith, love, and religion. Such a mind would be tho benefactor of tho new era, and do much toward bringing to an end the great contest of tho age—that between science and religion. The Inverness Couria; in noticing the announcement of an autobiography of Flora Macdonnld, preserver of Prince Charles, now preparing for publication by Mr. Nimmo, of Edinburgh, observes, " that nono of our Scottish historians or topographers who explored so minutely tho wanderings and vicissitudes of Charles Edward, seem to havo been awaro Of tho existence of ? the above manuscript. Flora-or Flory, as_ she signed! her namo in her marringo contrnot- had a singulnrand roinnntio career, and if sho recorded fully her own trials and tho state of tho Higldands in thc middle of last century, her autobiography cannot fail io possess interest. Sho was in her twenty-fourth year when sho gallantly risked her own freedom to preserve that of Princo Charles. By tho Jacobites of that day sho was idolized. A private subscription was opened for her, which soon amounted to £1,500, and »ho sat to Allan Ramsay for ber portrait, still preserved in Oxford. . The features are dooidedly Celtio-the com. Ïlexton darlt, contrasting with the ampio white rosé" hat decorates the bust.. Boswell and JohnBon.do: scribe her in 1773 as a little woman of genteel appear- ance and pleasing address. AVhen she returned, tho heroine of the day, to the Highlands, liar society was courted by all classes, and between three and four years afterwards she gave her hand to young Kings burgh, who was the model of n Highlander in counte- nance, figure, dress, and speech. Affairs do not scorn to have gone prosperously with them, nnd in 1711 Flora and her husband emigrated to North Carolina.. AVhen the war broke out Kingsburgh joined, tho ; Royalist forces, was taken prisoner, but regained his liberty, and served with the 84th in Canada, They returned, and it is related, that tho vessel in which Flora and her husband sailed was attacked by a French' {irivateer, and while the Celtic heroine Btood on deck iravrly animating tho Beameu, sho was thrown down and one of her arms broken. She was destined, how- ever, to die at home at last, departing in her GStli year, in 1790, and her shroud being formed of part of tho sheets in which Princo Charles slept at Kingsburgh. Here aro materials for a romanticbiography ! Tho hair- breadth escapes of the royal wanderer, the state of tho Highlands while society yet retained sonio of the pictu- resque features of clanship-the emigrant voyage across the Atlantic, and the subsequent American war-the » perilous return to Britain-and tho final ten years of pcaco while all was changing in the Highlands and Islands, and tho old race was disappearing from tho land -such are the striking events in tho life of Flora Macdonald. 