THE POLITICAL CRISIS. The present Assembly contains some few mem- bers whose presonce there is an insult to the country, while it is inferior as a whole to anv other Parliament that the colony .lias yet aeon A general election can soareely fail to raise ilni character of Parliament, and the cost and the trouble of an eleotion will not be too high a prioa to pay for bo exaellont a change. The present time, moreover, says the Argus, is in some respects a highly suitable one for going to tho countrv We have just succeeded in laying the ghost of ihn Darling grant difficulty, and the Constitution, alists have so behaved in regard to it as to satisfy the publio that their opposition to the grant did not proceed from factiousness, or from nny indie- position to befriend our late Governor or lijg family, but solely from n conscientious deaire to carry on the government of the country in con- formily with the law. The electors now see tlia Constitutionalists in tlieir proper colours, and will not permit themselves to be again mislod bv that mook liberalism which was nbroad at tlio period of the iaet general olection, and under the influence of which tliey returned M'Cullocliito candidates to outrage the Constitution in defence of the people's liberties ! But it is not likely that the constituencies will be asked to re-elect the old-hat members. The best men among the old M'Culloeli party are themselves tired of fighting against tho law, and will scnrcely incur tlie re sponsibility of again pneking tlie Assembly with ignorant and incapable mon, whoso solo qunlifi. cation is unquestioning submission to their own will. And the split iu the Al'CulIooh pnrly of which the Maoplierson Administration was the immediate result, lias tended to enlighten the Loyal Liberal mind as to tlie true nature of M'Cullocliism, in a manner which will have a marked influence upon the next general election In doubt as to whether Mr M'Culloeli, or Mr Mao plierson, Mr Vale or Mr Longmore, is the more genuine Loyal Liberal, the eleotors will be com pelled to deal with the oandidates who come be fore them in an entirely novel manner, and ohooso or reject them by reason of the qunlities tliey possess or the opinions tliey hold, rather than for their adhesion to this or that party leader. This will be a somewhat violent inno vation upon th6 practice of recent years; but it will be a change in the right direo'tion, and ono which, co-operating with the other influences which we have described, might moke a general election become the meanB of elevating the character and increasing tlie efficiency of our Legislative Assembly. An immediate dissolution would only shorten the. life of the present Parlia ment by a few months, and it is not of such a kind that it concerns tlie public to prolong its existence. It contains a large proportion of the 'old-hat" element, which a general election would certainly eliminnte, and it is bo ront asunder by internal jealousies and nuimosities that calm debate or useful practical legislation is no longer possible to it. A division of 35 to 26 — is far better for the Ministry. than we ventured to anticipate, says the Telegraph. It is most discouraging to any gentleman who may be speculating on the for mation of a " strong Government," and doubly so because the Goverment minority includes the name of Mr Higinbotham. That gentleman's presence there will speak trumpet-tongned to the country of the foul intrigues by which another Ministry lias been wnylaid and left for murdered by our legislative footpads. The Opposition were pleased to express astonishment at the confident and cheerful tono'of the Government. And yet the explanation is easy. Miuisters know that the Governor cannot refuse them a dissolution, and they have every reason to hope that the country would give them that hearing they are denied by a factious, a partial, aud a passionate House.- The oldest Parliamentarian never heard Ministers on the eve of a certain defeat in the House speak with more certainity of their prospect of an appeal. Nor can we overlook the significant circumstance alluded to by one speaker, that Alinisters adopted tiiis tone after a lengthened sitting of tlie Executive Council, at wliiclihis Excellency tlie Governor was present. Everything points . to the conclusion that Mr Macplierson can obtain a dissolution if he chooses to ask for one ; and with all their clamour the Opposition know that in sucli a case they would have to prepare the way — they would have to vote supplies. It is needles for us to quote " May," for their benefit. They have the passage by heart. Tlie only question appears to be will Mr Macplierson ask for a dissolution ? Our belief that the present House is unfit to live is based on- more solid grounds tlmn any desire to serve any clique. Tlie House was elected on a special issue, and it represented the country on nothing else. _ We see delegates there whose work is finished, and not representatives qualified- to deliberate upon the affairs of the nation. The political cauldron was boiling when the general election took place, and the scum came to the Burfaco. Mr M'Culloeli found the House unworkable, so did Mr Sladen, and so has Mr Macplierson, and 60 would his successor. It comprises members who have been expelled for corruption, and members whom its own select committees hove branded with corruption, but whose presence a corrupt mejority is willing to tolerate. Can any journalist conscientiously Bay that such a House represents the political virtuo of this country; that it ib fit to make aod un make Ministries? Tho battle, says the Age, was short, sharp, and decisive. Most of the Constitutional party ab stained from voting, nnd tho names of Messrs Duffy,. MacMahon, Langton and Kerferd will bo found in neither of tlie division lists. Mr Fel lows, Mr ICitto, Mr Hannn, and Mr Bourke voted with the Ministry, but the Opposition was not supported by a Binglo Constitutionalist. This must be regarded as a signal triumph for the Liberal party, but the loss of Air Higinbotham at such an hour is surely something to grieve over and matter of surprise as well, aftor the reasons which ho gave for the Btep last evening. Science and Truth. — The Spectator says : — " Sir John Lubbock lias been leoturing at Edin burgh on Snvngos, and nt tlio end of his second lecture ho took occnsion to admitiistor ft well de served and sevoro rebuke to Lord Justice Clerk . Moncreiff. That lenrneil person seems to have sniu in a locturo delivered lost year, that the modern men of science care less for the discove ries ot science for their own sake, than tliey do for tlie,_ to litem, not unpleasiDg idea that they are helping to supply a lover which is to upset the faith of the world ; and lie had pointed dis- tinctly fat Sir John Lubbeck, Sir Charles Lyell, Professor Huxloj, Darwin, and others. Sir John Lubbock very rightly and very severely censurod this marvellous piece of bi gotry. Wo differ very widely from somo of these jenilemen on the subject of religious fAith, Rnd tiavo often expressed cur differences ; but to say that tlmy do not care for truth so much as for tlio incidental shock of their theories to popular religions beliefs, seems to us the most grotesque of libels. Does any sane man accumulate experi ment after experiment of tlio most exquisitely refined kind, on the nature of lient for instance, like Professor Tyndatl, only in tho hope that somo reraoto inference from the laws established mny upset tho story nf Sltadrnoli, and Abednego m tho liery furnace ? or would Sjr John Lubbock laboriously array nil the ovidenco hearing on tlie otoiio Ages and tlio condition of modern savages' only in order to throw doubts upon Adam, who, by tlio way, ovidontly had not tho use of metals, certainly wore as little clothing as nativo Aus tralians, , and probably used bono needles for the first tailoring ? Clinrges of this sort aro liko boomerangs, apt to recoil upon tliose who make thom. A Buhai paper notices the dentil of a Brazilian- horn negro, named Jose Ximbc, .in the toivu of bnutu Amaro, at the ago of 150 years. Up to the tune ot his death lie preserved all his senses, and tlie u.'te pf liis ineiitul faculties. lie remembered the arrival, Irom the coast of Africa, of a negro, :, who died some time since at the age of 130 ; at wluch time he himself was a master enrter. 