A TALE 'OF THE FRENCH REVOLUTION. (Translaiedfor the "Launceaon EGomniner.") t Tu CIIa&UWUn; "*- orPEIsTITION , AND . RURLTY. . "Did you seeo hin ?" said oneOhouan SI" felt a cold wind when.it passed' close by me,' answered a hoarse voice, trembling with terror. '. . i' "I breatbhed the dampairand odor of the 'graveyard, said a thirdl::., "l?Was it white I" resumedthe first. I S ,Why" said the second, "is e 'the h nly one who baa coie back of all; Those kille" at 1 rj Plerine I'!.. I 1 ;, Alh, why" answered the third. , Why t do they make preference for those who'09 of the Sacred ,teart 7 But. I would irather t without?confession than wander like ? i vwithout meat and drink,' without blood in Smy veins-or flesh ori my bones."' I This exclamation or rather a terrible cry t parted froniuthe group, when one of "the three a Ohouais pointed-out the slender ghostlike z Bfgure and:the pale face of Mlle: do Verneail, t shaded bytleo' Chouan hat, unearthly.in its expression,. pa' she glided away.without,their c hearing the slightest noise. ... v. "There he is l --Look there 1--Where ist it -'There I--Here 1-It is gone I-No I Ye t---Do you see himn : 4I These '.phrases were spoken.in .the hoarse tones of,. the monotonous- murmur of the waves on the sand.. !. SMilei do Verneuil ,directed her steps to. . wards ,the-, house, aind. saw , the indistincto figures of men flying at her approach, giving' . all the signs of panic and terror.; They seemed to'rise,frosiiothe ground, and there came from .f them groans dof; horror scarce :human. At cAt last hde arrived, not without trouble,at a nieg- 1 lected garden, .whose hedges" and palizigs were broken down: Stopped by a sentinel, .r she,showed the, gloe. - The moon at the t moment shed its 'light 'on her figure: the carbine dropped from the hands of the t Chouani, who: repeated the' hoarse cry of horror, which .was, already, echoing around., The building. was. .extensive and. lofty ito which she was directing her steps, built of solid granite for' the' most' part. Lights e showed that som- df the rooms were in habited,' and ciautiously approaching one iof the windows, she= thought she observed Madame do Gua seated amongst the "chiefsd convoked at La Vivetiero. 'Drawing bark I with terror she made' towards an' opening .t railed in by heavy .iron bars, and could dis. I tinguish through them, in a long vaulted hall, f the Marquis 'alone and melancholy. The ro' flection of' the'fire Ibfore'which he was seated e in a large chair lit up his face with tintes vacillating and unniatural, Which gave the t scene the ehaiacter of -a vision;-: Trembling t and silent, the poor lady pressed against the t bars, ' and her anger changed to commisseration as 'she observed his profound depression. -' She felt suddenly that she had a not been brought there. by vengeance only. a The Marquis rose wearily,' and turning t towards' theo'window, remained stupified at I perceiving, as in" a mist, :the countenance of t Mllle. de Verneuil I A gesture of impatience a escaped him as he cried--'" I see thatcreature I everywhere, even when I am awake I" ' ' Mario vanished from the place, hurt by'the t disdain of his expression-and soon the sound of hurrying steps admonished her of danger. I Irsipelled by the dread of surprise, she .do. seended a stair which led to the underground, and apparently deserted, cellars of the build. I ing. Arrived at the last step, she listened to endeavor to learn the direction'taken by those 's who pursued her. 'Amidst the'sounds outside sh heeas d the groans of a human voice which added to.her terror.': A ray of light shot from the top of the steps, making her fear I that her retreat was known to her pursuers, i and to escape them' she found new strength. She cduld'sciardely understetid afterwards how she nlspnged'to scramble. up the low wall c where she:Iwas'conceale'd. ", This.wall, broad and oostriistreted of granite,': formed' iisepar a. tid' betweed the passage of the 'steps and a cellar'froui whence the groans issued. She soon saw am an covered with goatalkini.descending hoelo dpr" and, turning ,under the,'arch witllh. ost the sllglitst 'sign 'announcing a strict search. Impatiesit to 'know whether there a ygas aiy'chance of safety, 'Mlle. de Vernoeil waited with anxiety until the light borne by, i the new.comer should enable her to see 'clearly .what appeared to be a shapeless mass, endeavoring by violent and repeated move ments to reach a certain part of the wall; in its cofitortions to do so, resembling those of a 'carp thrown on the bank of a river. The resinous torch soon spread its'blueish and un ceitain light over the scene. She saw that the vault had been an underground kitchen long abandoned. The shapeless mass became a littlh stout man, whose limbs had been carefully bound, but who had- been carelessly thrown upon the damp flags. ' At the'sight of the stranger holding a torch in one hand and a faggot of sticks in the other, the cap tive 'gave a deep groan, which so affested MIle. do Verneuil that she forgot her owwn 'terror,'despair, and the' horrible cramp of her stiffened limbs. She strove to remain mo tionless. ' The Ohouan threw the faggot into the fireplace, and set'fire to it with his torch. Marie then recognised him as. the : cunning Pills Miche, to whom her rival had delivered her, and his face .lighted -up by the flame, resembled one of tho.e carved wood figures cut in Germany. The groan of the captive pro doced a hbarse laugh and an expression of in ,tense 'inerrinent on a' face seamed witl wrinkles and burned by thle sun. "' You see,"' said he to the poor wretch oi the ground, " thlatwe Christians don't fail in PoxlrwoFcld like you. This fire here will loosedi your tongue:. ' A.lh ah I idy. bhoy, your feet ouiio't'want basting-- they are so fat. .Your house is badly furnished a we' can't 'find iany thing to put you- at your ease while we \warm your feet." The victim sorehmaed aloud as tlhough hi -hdped to be hetrd by some liberatr. "Oh I you -can sing Gogo, Monsiei d'Orgemotnt, :'they are all in bed up there Marche h Terro is coming and Wvill shut tsd 'door." Whilst speaking lthe Ohouan touched ' with,tihebut end ot a carbine the .mantleof thIe 'chimney, thle flags which paved-thq kitchen, and the granite walls, endleavouring .to discover the hiding place where tlhe misol had hidden his gold. The search woas madd so acuitely that d'Orgemont remained silentl Sas if he feared tohave been betrayed by somq terrified servant. The Chlouan often turned \- sharply to look at his victim to see whethei he could judge of his nearness to the' hiding place. D'Orgemont feigned some terror as t?he walls gave a hollow sound, and seemed to wish to amuse thus for a timo the greedy' ' credulity :of Pilleo'Miohe;' when' suddenly' three, Ohouans entered. At the sight of Maiche i Teiro, Pill Miche disconitinued, his searoii aufteiii upon-his.victim a looh of ferocity 'which l revealed his disappointed avatico ...... - :... : " Marie Lambrequiin as come to'life,'" aid Marohew I Terre, with an exdression and gttit i tide' of horror,' which' 'showed, that every other interest'paled before so grave an occur' roenco:e. ."That doesn't astonish me," answered Pill M.iclie; "' hd.was such a religious nran, and went to confession so often. "Ah 1'",said anothei, :."' e hadn't received` absolutida-'thoughi'befoil"t tlhe affAir' at ILj` Pelerine, and the Abbe Gudin says'heimusf t stoptibo niontli as " ghost-before he co s` I back all right.,. :We saw him pass before aus' he is pale, he is cold, lie is light, he smells of' the church-yardV'. ' . ",And.his' Rivertice ;said if 'the ghost " touched idyoie he would be made his.com panion," added the:fourth Ohouan. " - I The grotesque: horror'oni the face of this last awoke.Marelie , Terre:from the religious roveriei.ito6 whih"l he liad beehn plunged ib the ?dcoinplisliient odf' a miacle, which according to th'e Abb Gudin, faith might renew in every pious defender of religion and the king. That such gross superatitiorn should exist amongst the celtic Bretons I ought, however, scarcely to astonish us whei} ;C we, remember: that the' celtic Irish;, at 'the time of the rebellion, were full of belief thit onb of their prides'i could Ai;clih:the oldier's 'bullets'in his Lhnds , ' "'iYou, see,; Galopo'' Chopine,": said the a Ohonan (gravely -to this last" who . was a neophyte, ,' to what the 'slightest' omissions of duty,.: commanded by, our holy religibn, may' lead..., St. :.Anne, of ;Auray, -telle is I never to foriPive-the' eslightest faults a'ning ourisolve.; Thy? cousiniiPille'Miche has askled 1 fort tliete h " pying" of., FouigBrs, the, ra Grs consents,, and ,thou?" wilt be well paid,; but I beware I. Ifn t "If the cousin makes a m.iisake,"Ainterd . rupt~d.aPmile Mi?he,: " it 'will ,be by, ignoo: rance." .;..::.- r . .... Ji "However it happens, if there's any mis take or piisfortune, thou shalt pay for it." ' "I'11 not fail," cried the Chouan in a voice I of, thunder, and turning; to' his" comrade- I "Thiou shalt answer forlhinm, mind IL' . s . ", Bit,, with resect, Master .Marche t Terre, ',returned:o i hopine'? Hayen't you sometimes, mistakeon, ontre-Chouans for i Chouans",, ,I' . .. "My friend" repiled Miar he i ,Terre in dry 'tbn?n,"don't let that 'happen to thee, 'or I shall cut thee in two lile a turnipi. :?As to I the iesseingers of' the, Gars, they ,will have his, glove,.: but, ,since' the affair at Vivetihre, t fastened withla green ribbon.'" Pills Micho pushed- his 'commide with the I elbow, showing him the captive, who was I feigning sleep, but they knew by experience that no one slept by their fire, and although t the last words had been spoken in a low tone, y the four Chouoans looked at one another fo a4 moment, but seemed to think that fear had deprived their victim of his senses. At a a sign from the leader, Pille Miche took off the 1 shoes and stockings of d'Orgemont, the other two raised and bore him to the fire, then t Marche it Terre bound the feet of the miser ,t to the bar which went above the fire, seemingly for, hangiqng on pots or t kettles for cooking, whilst Pills Miche col. I lected the coals underneath. The screams of I the unhappy wretch. became piercing. "My friends! .riy'good friends Il: I am a. Christian like you. Don't hurt me.". 'l Tpou liest in thy throat," said,Marche it Tetre. "' Thy' brother' denied God ; and as I for thee,. thou hast bought the Abbey of Juvigney. .'Abb6 Gudin told us that we can ] roest apostates withoubht scruple.'" :', "But, my brothers, I don't refuse- to pay yoiU" "'... .. :;' . · · + " We gave the' fiftebn days-two moniths I hiveopassed, and Galope Chopine has received nothing."' " Thou hast. received nothing, Galope 1 Chopine?' .demanded- the miser with a voice t of despair. ... . "Naught, Mastar Orgemont," answered the frightened Chouan. ..The cries, which had+ changed to deep groans, began gain with,violence. The three Chounses, as accustomed to this as to see their dogs gojwithout shoes, looked on coolly as the poor wretch twisted and tuined, 'with 'no more cominpunction than thoughli they had been watching the .cooking of. their dinner. . It. must, be remembered :that, this. species of torture was peculiar to the, Ohouans; who were styled chauffeurs (warmers) in' conse quence. . !'I :am dying, hut you shan't have my money." ,. in spite of the violence of the cries, Pills Miche perceived 'that the, fire 'bid not burnt the skin, and he artistically' drew the coals together so as'to cause a slight flame.. The victim then cried in a; broken voice-" My friends, 'untie me." . What do' you want, a hundred crowns-ib thouisand-ten.thousand I 1'11l give you two hundred crowns I"r'. His voice was so lamentable that-Mlle. de Verneuil forgot, her own danger, and allowed an exclamation to escape her. ' S"Who spoke 1" demianded Marchc a Terre; The Ohiounes caet frightened glances around: These menso brave before the murderous can non of the Repiblicax~ibiit 'siuperstitious like all Celtis, trembled' it. the idea of the ghost they supposed ;had been seen 'that evening. Pille Miche alone listened without distrac tion to the confession of the tortured vic. tim,. "Five hundred-yes; I'll give five hun dred crowns r"? , "Bah I Where are they ' ,answered the Chouan"tranquilly. : "Under the first apple tree--Holy Virgin I at the bottom of the garden to the left. You are brigands- thieves-'1 am dying I There are ten thoisad4 francs there." "I wdo'n't have francs," replied Marche a Terre, '" we must have livre. ::The Republi can crownsehave Pagan figures on them, and won't pass anifonig Chiistiansu.", "They are it louis d'ora, good gold. Un bind mel you have my lifo-my treasure." The four Choltans loked at one another as if se?king ?'o kibaw"'iih should'be tristed to nearth' the money.. At this emoment the cruelty of these cannibals gave such a horror to Mlle: do Verneuil,' thht' without knowing whether' ' the . 'l part ' 'ler pale and ghostlike figureohad played, would still presorve her, she .ried courageously "Are you not afraid of God's wrath b Unbind him, barbarians 7" "; :'~' The Chouans .raised theirl heads; per ceived tnder the arch in the uncertain light, eyes which gleamed like stars under the shade of the Chouan hat, arid fled' terror-stricken. Mlarie leaped ihtd the kitchen, glided t//wards 4'Orgemont, and out his bonds with her shar~ uoignard. When the miser stood up the first expression of his featuras wirs a dolorous, but sardonic smile. . ' .. '"Go I go to the apple-tree, hrignrds'! 01 oh i twice I have baulked them. They shan't catch me a third time." A woman's voice was heard outside. "A spirit I" cried Madame'du Cuu. "Foolsl it is she'! ':A" thousand' crowns to whoever brings me her head:" SMIld. do Verneuil grew pale, but the miser smiled, took her by the hand, aid led her into the huge fire place, so as to leave no trace of their steps without' disarranging the emdbers of the fire; which only occupied a small. space: He pressed'upons the edge of a slab of granite, the solid:tablet rose; and before'their enemies cbould" dttr' the "cellar' 'again, the heavy'opening'of':thd hidihngplace had "falled noiselessly into' its' placei: Mario then uiider .strod the carplike" movementi which 'she had first seen the! unhappy money-lender iankde 'They-heeard:, the' Ohouansm speaking 'in" low voices, "Ave, SBantat Aann, auriaea gratia' pleas; 'Doinuihis tecum," etc. " ' ^" They are prayiIng, the' idiotsl I" said d'Oigemont.: " Are you not afraid," whispered Mille. do Verneuil; interruptirig her 'dompanion. The' old miser laughed--" The slab:is in a table of granite ten'inches thick; 'they can't hear us." Then the' gently 'plbced' the hand 'of. hid 'liberator towards a slight bchink up "thlie ;chimney, through,whilh, the cool" air cams, iand she divined that 'this opening' had been made in the ''staok'of the chimney poiderously. built'of'miises of granite. These " cachettes" 'or hiding places were common in' the man: sions 'of Bretagne, as indeed they were lin country houses in Enigland and Scotlaid be.' long!ig to' the Jacobite nobility, where they, weore generally used 'as concealments for priests'and"conspirators in troublous times: "Ah I ashl" whispered' th'e miser. -, "My legs hiirt me' a little.. 'This mistress of 'Charate 'is?not fool' nougii to contradict her faithful followers.- 'She knows well 'enougli tbat if'they were not such brutes they would notbbofighting against their interests . Ah l she is praying also." :. :Marhe a.Terre's voice was heard in an awe-stricken tone-" Madame ' j you see the ghost has taken away' the 'blue' as a com panion.," The prayer of the Chouans finished, many arose and left hastily. The old man .pressed'the hand of Marie,. as if to warn her that_ danger still existed. ' ':".No, Madame l" Pills Miclie's voice; was heard to say,'atter' some minutes' silenice :' if *you'stopped 'here ten-years they would ?iot comei back." '.Bit ~shelehas not gone out; she must be here," said Oharette's mistress. 'l"'No,; Madame! "they' have 'flown througli the walls. Has not the dev'il'done it before I" "What, Pills' Miche I cunning as you 'are. Den't you see that the old rogue' has a hiding place" somewhere 'in 'the fouiidation of the vaults P:: Stop' hero," she added; " wait' 'till they come out. If you' wish me to pardon you for having sold that creature,lwhen I told you to kill her, obeyme I" ' 'The; noise which they imade in sounding againl the owaIls, the flags, and even the low vaulted roof, seemed to reassure d'Orge mont, who seized the hand of his benefactress to aid her to miount some exceedingly narrow tortuous' steps, cut out'of;the thickness of a granite wall. After having ascended about twenty, the light of a lamp feebly shone on tlieiii. ;, Tbe miser 'stopped,' turned towards hisi.companion, 'and -examined her counte nance- again' and again; as'"f it were 'a 'doubtful letter 'of exchange' for discount, and :heaved a terrible sigh. " You know my secret,'! he said, "but I must trust you further, I suppose." " Monsieur, leave me' here if you' will. I 'ask' nothing from you.",. \--- These -words,' and perhaps the. disdain which this beautiful' face. expressed, re assured the little 'old 'man, foru he aided Marie' politely over some' steps' and turns irregularly designed into a small closet, 'about four feet broad and about six long, lighted' up by. alamp. It was easy to see that' the old' man had taken precautions to pass, more thin a'day in' this retreat, if the eivints of the civil war should oblige him to do so . ' (To be 'continued.) 