LECTURE AT THE YAS3 MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. "Irrigation. What is it? The Floods of the fast Winter. Wiieue are tiiby? Gone clean out to sea. how are w II to l're- vent t1ie recurrence of disaster." On Wednesday evening last (postponed rom cue previous evening on account ol tho liiclomonoy of tho woathor) the locturo announced by the Ttov. Father Riordan in nid of the fund for build- in" a girls' school 111 connection wimi at. Augus tine's, was delivered in tho lass Mechanics In- stituto. Tho largo hall was filled on tho occasion, and tho audionco vory frequently accorded hearty npplauso to tho rov. gontleman during tho de livery of tho lecture. In tho abscnco of Dr. Blako (who had boon called upon to attond a patient), tho chair was taken by ill. C. J. Dease, who in a fow well ex pressed and appropriate remarks introduced tho Rov. Father Riordan to tho audionco. Before commencing his lecture, the rov. gen tleman made some observations bouring on tho fine building in which thoy wore assembled, and highly complimentary to tho onorgy and public spirit of tho people of Yass, who, he said, had dono the thing right whon they did do it. IIo contrasted tho spacious hall with one ho bad soon in Victoria, which a dozen strong men might carry off bodily on their shoulders. Those prc- sont who had boon concorned in tho erection of the building must have boon highly gratified by tho rov. gentleman's remarks. As tho subject treated by the Rov. Father Riordan is 0110 of groat importance to this colony, wo publish tho lecturo in full. Ho said : In venturing thus for tho first time to appoar as a public lecturer, I must stato by whom and for what purpose the lecturo is mninly intended. It is intendod by your worthy pastor, tho Rev. Father Finnogun, and tho purposo is tho erection of a school-house of dimonsions sufficient for the accommodation of tho many girls who attond our Yass Catholic denominational school. Whon asked at first by Fnther Finnogan, I was stag gered to appear before a mixed company for the first tirao. In fact, to uso a phraso common among men who had boen born and brod at soa or on tho strand, I was " taken all aback. But as I have boon accustomod from oarliost years to hold the tiller or stand by tho whool, I thought I was bound in a causo such as tho prosont to front all dangors, to keop tho ship full — not to koop away, not by any moans to alter my course, but whon I had got her woll undor steerage to keop as close to windward as tho sails and tho officor of tho watch would pormit me. Tho squall was so dangerous at first, I must havo looked liked a marine or a dragoon ordered . mIijj IhiiY u1io uvea tnlill ai/DarO. j.i"li1u dragoon don't look through tho corners of his eyes like a Chinaman, it's a pity 1 Well, after a low moments rollection, I determined, ns a niattor of duty, to obey ordors, and hero I am accordingly — not on tho fore or maintopsail yard, but ns an advonturor from Burrown and tho Gronfoll diggings, anxious to bo of some sorvico to tho rising raco of Australia, where ovory industrious man can havo a homo, whore poaco and plenty should smile npon the land. In fish ing for what to say, and how to say it, I hap pened to recollect o conversation I had somo threo or four years ago with a friend of mino, tho Hon. Goorgo Frodorick Vordon," formorly member for Williamstown, and now agoht- gouoral for tho Victorian Govornmontin London. Wo happened to moetono fino morning, crossing in tho steamboat from Williamstown to Sand- ridge. Perhaps you won't beliovo it, but I assert it as a fact, that tho peoplo of Victoria, and of Molbourno especially, are very hospitablo — fond of picnic parties and opon-air excursions and annisomonts of all kinds. Goorgo Vordon, on tho occasion I alludo to, asked ino to appoint somo day when wo might havo nil ngrocnble trip up tho Plenty, to visit tho Ynn Yoan wntorworks, and spend tho day pleasantly togothor — that a friend of his had a boat on one of tho lakos or roservoirs of tho district. I at onco assontod, but arrived at the place, I was, I must say, disappointed; tho tanks, or dams, or reservoirs — for tho threo words uro nt tinios used to oxpross tho snmo — looked so small in comparison with thoso I had scon of tho saino kind in other parts of the world. Tho Yan Yean waterworks cortainly sond a largo and refreshing flow, not merely for tho city and immediate suburbs — not alono for Molbourno proper, but tho surrounding districts also, for Windsor, Prahran, St. Kilda, and oven remotely distant ns the shipping 011 tho Saltwater River, tho ''lemington racoconrse, and tho shipping at the piors and wharfs at Williamstown — a range of nine miles at tho opposite side of Ilobson's Bay from Molbourno. Those, though weak in comparison with tho neliiovomonts of otlior countries, are grand efforts in tho neighbouring and junior colony. But to return to my toxt. I presume to submit that so ninny who nrrivo in golden dreams to Now South Wales and Victoria I'eol proporly puzzlod whon thoy find it so dif ficult "to got a billot," and in consoqnonco they flit away very quickly to tho neighbouring colouios, or porhaps back ngain to Europe or Ainorica. 'Tis protty woll known that for ono minor or diggor who succeeds, toil will fail. But why not he go shepherding? some ono will ask. Shepherding would seem a dreary lifo to the ambition of Mr. Norfclinm. His few shillings are soon spent — 110 has not onongh to select a pioco of lund — there is 110 security of regular employment at farm work, to which he had boon accustomod. Ho yawns — ho quits the colony nt tho first opportunity. , Honco tho anomaly re sults, that oven in Victorin, whoro immigration is onconraged by Government subsidy on a grand scale, tho poople still lonve ; and I havo it from statistics 011 tho subject by thoRogistrar-Genoral of Victoria, that notwithstanding tho number of immigrants that arrive almost duily, tho weekly arrivals and doparturos to and from tbo port of Molbourno are equal. Stalwart able men con stantly crowd evory packet to Now Zoaland, in search of somo roliabio omploymont. All cannot get omploymont in tho two citios — Sydney and Melbourne— nor can all bo minors or cabman. Woll, somebody advisos Mr. Nowchutri to go up tho bush. He starts, and if it be summor time, ho is chokod, blinded with dust, parched with hnat and thirst, and cannot got 0 drink for milos. If it bo tbo rainy season, ho is in dungor of boing boggod, or swept away in tbo crook and smotherod. Then, What is it? Why is it poor Newchum grumbles 1 There is 110 uso of blinking the question, for nil know its truth, that hundreds of poople in this country and the neighbouring eolonios cannot find omploymont; ami until omploymont is found for those in the country, and for tho no to come after them, 'tis folly to talk of immigration. Groonhorn in his calculations has mado some trivial mistakes. Ho tells us ho travelled tho colonies from tho Adolnido boundary to Sydney to find somo sottlod omploymont, nnd he pronounces it to bo a queer country. Ho crossed tho woll-known river Glenolg nt n place called Dartmoor, and though tho water was bnrcly anklo-doop tho banks roso high nud porpondicular as tho bastions of Tilbury Fort or Spiko Island. Ho found all the rivers tho snmo, except, porhaps, tho Ynrra, which, by tho way, is muddy as tho Yellow Tiber. Tho Ynrra, tbo Murray, tho Murrum- bidgoe, and tho Lachlan, whore alono there was a continuous flow of a healthy river ; tho Burrown River wns sick, and lookod like n stream of boilod milk. He came to Yass, nndoxelnimod that ho never saw such, a moan, raggod-looking river in all his lifo. "Why, sir, 'tis -moroly a chain of ponds, and tho banks aro still as high as those of the Glenolg or tho Laehlan." I leave it to yourselves to dotormino how mnchGullivor was out of his latitude. And yot Gulliver wns to a large oxtonfc excusable. Nature had dono everything for tbo country, and nlmost nothing had boen dono for ttio comfort of tho peoplo or the protection of thoir proporty. Had this stranger come to tho Yass Rivor a fow months ago, would I10 not havo stared to soo tho ragged : rivor changed into a mountain torrent or foaming flood. Houses swept away — proporty of in calculable value carried off for ovor, and tho bridge — oh, tbo unfortunato bridgo, though clniinod togother by all tbo nppliancos of art, science, nnd solidity — What has bocomo of it ? Ilcroules himself might havo boen chnllongcd to lift only a small section of ono of thoso itn- menso iron cylindorsT I think you will agree with tho strnngor in bolioving that this man of strongth in nnciont fablo would walk round tho cylinder many a time boforo lie'd vontnro to take a grip nnd try it. Well, wo all havo seen with regret how tho bridgo of iron was swept awny almost ns if a bridgo of pasteboard. Tho banks wcro no longer too high, and I10 admired tho large benovolonco of Government towards tho protection and convenience of nil tho peoplo of tho south by sending thorn a dingy to forry them ovor tho Yass River. This was only n trifio to what might havo boen soon along tho valley of tho Lachlan and tho other groat arteries of tho country. Women in tears, men in terror, children, cattlo, pigs, poultry, and pumpkins gone with tho torrent. Tho police barracks swept away, the post-olfico taken bodily, the savings of years — tho hard earnings of the in dustrious — destroyed in a night I Millions of money lost for ovor. What is it thon ? By what namo shall wo designate the monstor that thus ravaged the lnnd and dostroyed tho hnppi- noss of so many cheerful homes ? Tho Grocks had a namo for him — they taught tho nations to bridle. him, nnd thoy rognlatod his course too. His namo is a jawbreaker, I toll you 1 Thoy eallod him Hydrodynamics, which is a "branch of natural philosophy that troats of tho proper ties of wator and othor fluids whether in motion or at rest. It comprehonds both hydro statics and hydraulics." In fact, in plain English, tho analysis of the word is, tho power or tho force 'of wntor ; and of this immense power none shall bo sceptical aftor tho rocont floods of wintor. Pooplo may talk of citizen rights — protection versus free-trade — tho Zig-zag and othor hornpipos of that description, but to my mind tho first consideration, and tho most useful, is how to npply tho gigantic wntor privilogos of this great country. I think I havo nnswered tho second question in protty short metre, whon I said tho waters of tbe Into floods havo gono clean out to soa. No attempt to stop thorn — 110 ofTort made to appropriate tho greatest blossing Providonco could bostow on Australian soil. In a fow months wo aro likoly us ovor to bo perished 011 the roads for want of a drink of wator. No gristmills, 110 bark mills, 110 woollen establishments, no fuctorios of nny kind to establish as to why or whotlior tho pooplo of Australia aro indifl'oront to all tho advantages of l'ospoctability and easo in their own homos by contrast with either Californians, Hindoos, or s'6r?D'Tntf-qmftIi6h; . .l.'.truvollod tlirongh Egypt in 1862. From Grand Cairo along tho ruilwny lino I found tho country liko a gurdon. Tho Nilo was low at tho timo ; tho ombankmonts wcro high, as in this country — so high, that as I crossod by the viaduct I could not help ox- claiming, as I bohold tho tooming richness of tho green crops and gardons far as the eye eonld roach, how provident nature had been for. thoir wants, and how thoughtful were tho nnciont kings of Egypt for tho country and tho pooplo. But onongh of this. I shall rofor to it oxton- sivoly further 011. Whoro nro tho floods gono to? Whoro is tho dolugo of waters? Wnfted abroad into tho icy regions of tho south, in tho ocean blondod with the foam of southern climos, novor again to return to mnlce happy tho homos that havo beon dosolatod — never again to bring hope and courago to tho farmer, tho squattor, tbo market grazior, or gardonor in Australia. Whoro aro the floods gono to ? My answer is, thoy are gono clean out to sea! Tho snmo waters wo rojoctod at onr doors shnll novcr return. Thoy may ho horno aloft by tho influence of solar heat and rndionco into tho air to tinge with purplo tho western glories of the setting sun. Thoy may bo usod by tho Almighty Ruler of all to distribute tho hail or tho quick lightning of His supromo pleasure. Porhups thoy nro caught up in sterling pride against tho ambition of potentates nnd pooplo to l'uko togothor tho terrors of' tho simoon or tho droud sirocco. Whorovor tho wator is gono, 'tis tho samo to us. It may porhnps delight us in the boat of snnimor timo whon borne on tbo golid wings of tbo Anturtio Z0110 it drops tho fragrnnco of a now onipiro 011 tho whirling waves of tho ocean, to ushor in Aurora and tho seven hours of tho morning. Whorovor it is, we havo lost mora than tho value of all wo possess by tho stupid study of fiilso-eoonomy. Not all tbo weal tb of Croesus, not all tbo gold of Ballarat, not all tho silver of Potosi, not all tho diamonds of Golconda, not all tho poarlsof Trincomnloe or Coylon can purchnso back tho blossings intendod for us by tho Into floods of wintor. ' How, then, aro we to provont tho reourranco of tho disas- tor? How aro wo in future to make capital out of calamity ? This is about the most porilons part of my notions as a lecturer; bocauso I may offend some, nnd yet I bolievo all who know mo will sny that I fool vory ugly when obliged to confront tho personal notions or predilections of any class of tho community, or dictate what their duty ought to bo to thomsolves and to tho glorious country of thoir adoption. Tho main reason of my anxioty and hesitation is, thnt I havo mot many mon of oxporionco in Victoria nnd Now South Wales who chop tho argument short by this torso tologramatio concession, " Oh, 3' os, sir; that's truo, sir ; suggestion admir able, but nttorly impracticable." In reply, I havo reason to demand why it should bo con sidered impracticable. I havo reason, by con trast of tho resources of this country with othor parts of the world, to demand a roply. Ono sa3s, " That's all very well ; but labour is too oxponsivo in this country at tho presont." Why, then, vote or demand an immigration subsidy to induce hearty mon from all parts of tho world, to throw thorn on tho beach hero, and nftor a fortnight's hunger, exposure, and want of om ploymont to soo thein at the first opportunity migrate to othor and porhaps distant lands. " It wiil do to talk of," says one. " You'll see it some day," says anothor. " Yes," says a third, "it will conio, but wo aro too young yot." Ono of the groatost and most practical of modern philosophers tolls ns that a cortain old gontle man of his acquaintance had a daughter, a real clover- looking girl ns you'd soo in a day's rido, and sho hnd two or threo offers of mnrriage from responsible mon, most particularly good specs. But tho fnther alwnys said, " Phtcbo, you nro too young, the day will come ; but you are too 'oung yot, my dear." Woll, Phcobo did not think so at nil ; sho guessed sho know bolter, so tbo next otfor sho had, sho said sho had no notion to loso another chance — off sho started, and got married. That is just tho caso with Australia. Tho old folks — mon of soduto and steady calculation — say tho country is too young — tho timo will como — labour is too ox ponsivo, nnd so on ; in tho meantime tho young peoplo won't wait ; in tho glow of i-oiith and strongth thoy quit tho eoloin, porhaps for a timo, perhaps for over. Thoy sook every avail able opportunity of roturning to Europo, or porqups thoy run off to tho United States, wliero tho maxim is : " Youth is tho timo for improvement — a now country is novor too'oung for exertion — pnsh on — koop moving — go ahead 1 " IIow, then, to proceed? First of all, if it bo true that a law exists to provont tho damming of a mnin crook or rivor, I would seok to obtain its extensive modification. No country in the world of a similar latitude, north or south, would improve with 'such giant strides as Australia, with a constant, systematic con- sorvance of tho wators of wintor, nnd thoir simple, yet scientific distribution by irrigation over tbo dry wasted countiy during the summer or tho fall of tho year. But how to do it, I am nsked. How raise tho water from tho rivor bod to such a hoight as will bo of npplinnco for tho cool healthy irrigation of tho farm? Ask nny of tho mosthnrd- working mon of tbo eountiy, the diggers on tho gold-fields, and 3011 will ho shown how to lovol nnd dig a rnco or shiico. Any ono passing ovor the old bridgo nour tho camp nt Young will notico two such simplo contrivances for mining purposos. A dam is thrown nearly across tho crook. Tho oroek is not stoppod, but merely checked in its courso. Tho surface wator enters tho raco, which is about a foot or two wido nnd tho samo in dopth, nnd winds along the sloping bank of tho crook, rising sonsibly from tho beel of the crook at ovory foot ns it (lows, and boforo half a quartor of a milo it has aseondod from tho bod of tlio crook noarly to tho level of tho town ship. Lot such a flow of water, during tho wintor, into a tank ordam, of sufficient elevation and dimonsions, on tho farm, nnd tho profit will bo a thousandfold. But, it will bo said, "Whoro is tho uso ? " Thero is no price for fnrm pro duce. But what about tho gardon ? What about tho vinos, tho fruit, tho vegetables ? What about tho fodder for cnttlo, slieop, and horses, with all tho grass lands grcon throughout tho your? I will not dotain you to hear what a canal moans, such ns are common onougli in all tho countries of Europo. I will not tnko yon to jNorcnorn itniy, to cno gardens 01 Lsnnr.zn or ttio Plains of Lombard3r, whoro tho rico grows so abundant', whoro thoy utiliso the waters of every lako and rivor — tbo Lago di Como, tho Lago di Garda, tho Lago Maggiore, tho Bronta, tho Po, tho Mincio, tho Adigo, tho Tccino, and tho Tagliamcnto. I will not question your knowledge of modern or anciont Rome, which is, and has been supplied with wntor porhaps in a mannor superior to any other city on tho earth. I noed not ask how it is tho baths and numer ous fountains or that celcbratod city have beon and aro still supplied. I will not talk of tho colobratcd aqnoaucts built by Claudius and othor ancient sovereigns ; rioithor shall I talk of those built by Eupaulinus at Samos, or those of Segovia in old Castile, erected in tho timo of Trajan — tho Hall of tho Aboucerngos, or Court of Lions, at tbo celebrated Alhambra of lovoly Andalusia. I shall not talk on matters of anciont story, but I shall toll you what I havo myself soon nnd felt. Though of tbo twenty in ancient times only throe nquoducts now continnoto carry water into the city of Rome, yet such is tho abundant flow, that of a bright sultry day ono is rofreshod with tho sight and spray of a fountain in almost evory piazza. Tho Trovi, tho La Barcaccia, in tho Piazzadi Spagnn, tho Monto Carallo, tho Tritono, the Piazzo Navona and Farneso — tho fountains of the Aqua Foliee, restored t>3' Sixtus tho Fifth — Fra Felice da Montnlto would, if properly noted, require a soparato cataloguo. So wo shnll, thoreforo, not delay with thorn, nor with thoso of Aqua Paulinn, which, among tho rest, feeds thoso suporb fountains in tho Piazza di San Piotro. All thoso aro works of tho highest art, "and must havo cost an enormous amount, suffiuiont to frighten us Ilomnn Empire. Wo havo no Julius Grcsnr, 110 Pompo3', nor Augustus, neither have wo their logionarios to bring captivo kings and treasure to tho city of the cnpitol. Thoroforo thoro is no parit3', no ground for forming a comparison. I grant that old Grumble has the best of tho argu- montthistiiuo. But I shall ask tho old gontlomanto travel with mo first to Egypt, nnd having seen that anciont and intorosting countiy, wo shall touch on our way back at oitkor Bombay or Mndrns, and bo will opon his oyos, and mouth, too, whon I10 beholds tho grand irrigation privileges of tho valley of the Nilo, and on tho burning plains of Hindostan. Como, old gentleman, the boat is at tbo pier, the Avoca has her steam up — let us nwa3'. Wo touch nt Adon, nt tbo ontvance of tho Rod Soa — wo land at Suoz, thonco by train to Grand Cairo. Aftor breakfast noxt morning wo mount our donkeys and start for tho Pyramids and tho groat Sphynx. If our dragoman has not forgotten tho basket and tho necossary cradontinls, we shall porliaps camp out, and vontnro to tho ancient site of tho luly- l'inth of Arsinoo and Lake Maoris, or ns tho nativos call it, Birkot-ol-Karoun, in tho district of Faioun, nbout forty miles from Cairo. On tho authority of Iloroditus Diodorus Siculns, P0111- ponius Moln, nnd Strabo, it must havo boon an iinmonso rcsorvoir excavated somen hero so far back ns about two thousand years boforo tbo Christian orn. In modorn times travollors re present its oxtont ns something like tho sizo of two English countios — threo hundred foot deep, and in anciont times abounding with fish. By monns of an immense cnnal, eallod tho Bahr- Usoof, this lako is connoctod with tho Nilo many miles highor up tho stream. Everyono knows that tho Nilo floods a largo portion of Egypt ovory yoar during tho hoav3ruinsof tho summer solstice. Whon tho floods begin to subside, tho canal, gates are opened. Thisartificiallnkois fillodwitha vast supply of frosh water, i/Lich irrigntos tho country by a continuance of tlio snmo grand canal, ono branch of which runs into tho Lower Nile, and the othor runs 011 parallol to tho river tho whole distance to Delta. To guard against inj ury to tho canal or reservoir, in caso of floods highor than usual, tlioy dug a third wido raco to carry off tho dangerous surplus into tho dosorts of Lybia. By means of this lake, and tho many canals connoctod with it, Eg3'pt, naturally ono of tho poorest countries, becamo, through her providont kings, not only tho rofugo of tho Patriarchs, but the granary and storehouse of Imperial Rome and tho world. I turn now fir my last illustration to India, and obsorvo what a chango comes over the incredulous old gontleman. At ovory town and largo villago, no matter what ominonco ho stands on, ho has in view four or six, or maybe a dozen, wide sheets of water, somo a fow acres in extent, otliors again having a superficial area of two or throe square miles. Honco, no ono is surprised in India to see tho rico fields on tho same farm in thoir sovoral stago3 of growth simultaneously and all tho year round. Mr. Grtimblo has to bo up early to understand tho systom of farming of the ryots or cultivators of tho soil in India. It gladdens him to hear tho chooriiig song of tho ryot waking tho echoos at three o'clock in the morning, raising water from a woll or tank to irrigato perhaps tho wholo farm be fore day 1 ight. Ho goos to bod earl 3, and i s u p at t wo or threo o'clock ovory morning of tho yoar. The contrivunco by which ho raises the wator is vory simple. He requires only a pair of bullocks, which arooasily taught to travol down, and back up, an inclined piano, tho top of which is so built as to project ovor or to bo oven with the wall of tho woll, tho stoop bank of tho rivor, or tho ora- bankmont of tho tank. To tho bullock-yoke are attached two long ropes, each of which plios on a separato rollor at the edge of tho ombankmont. To the onds of thoso is attached a largo loather bag mado of threo or four strong bullock hidos, stitched rudoly but closely togothor, and with a strong iron frame, a regular square about two foet in lateral dimensions, attached to tho top of tho bag to koop it opon. Whon tho bullocks nre backod up tho incliuo tho bag goos down till R sinks undor tho wator. Thon, immediately tho ryot drives tlio yoko of oxon down tho inclino, tho bag risos to tbo top and tho ropos aro so adjusted, as to depth and mousuramont, that this largo leather bag, containing about two tiorcos, empties itself into a largo cistern linrd b3T, from which it is made to find its own wn3 to ail 3' part of the. farm or gardon, at tho will of tho culti vator. Thus thoy koop a ceasoloss round of crops and fruit 'throughout the entire year. Again I shall change tlio scone. I shall not dwell on the Ganges Canal nor the wators of tho Jumna, but load 103' companion south somo hundred/and sixt3' miles, nnd tell him to como ngain into the boat and cross ovor tlio Kistun at the gap and nnakut at Beiswnran. Ho will thoro soo realised, in fact, a monument of tho wisdom and oiierg3' of tlio Honourablo tho lato East India Company. This Into company were not Mussul mans. If they had boen votnrios of tho Prophet I should not bo surprised nor so much as thank them, for it is a part of the creed of tho Koran that whoovor digs a woll, builds a dam or tank — whoever builds a mosquo or caravansary, or makos a pilgrimngo to Mecca, to tlio Knnba or tomb of tlio Prophet — tbo same, by tbo Koran, and tho gen orally accopted impression 011 the Mussulman mind, is entitled to bohisht, or the Mussulmnn immortality promisod by tho Prophet to all who do good to tho poor and tho afflicted in thoir generation. Ilonco many of tiio Emirs, Nabobs, and Rajahs gavo, and still contiuim_to givo, largo sums of 11101103', nnd boquoatb<largo legacies for those purposes. Tho Kistun, where I crossed at Boiswaraa in 1S33, could not havo boon loss than a quartor of a milo wido. Thoro was a solid stono dnm, thrown tlio wholo way across tbo river. The wators wcro tied back by tliisaiinkut or dam — (nun, backwards, nnd kuttoo, to tio) — to tho distance of I supposo twenty milos. Tho surplus flowed in a booming cataract ovor tlio cnt-stono dam nnd tluis onward to tlio sea. But tbo main object of this stupendous picco of work was attained before tho surplus wators had passed this stono barrior. Sluices wero mndo 011 either side of tho rivor, botwoon tho rivor banks and tlioond of tlio annknt, and through those sluieos flowed a eonsoloss supply of water for tlio irrigation of I might venture to assort two or throo thousand square milos in tho district of tho Northern Ci rears and Masulipatani. Bois waraa is foHy miles from tho soa. Well I forgot tho exact data, but tho country boinp almost a flnf. iiiolinttirr cl!i»lif1xT f.liifl rrfi r> in """i -noUM,j . — ; — Ghauts, I boliovo I am very modorato in estimat ing that one hundred milos along tho const and fifty milos at cither side of tlio rivor bolow tho dam, wore irrigated Ijy thoso slnicos. Then tho calculation is onsv. 100 X 40=4000 square milos of coast land reclaimed for ovor— rendered capnblo of producing at all sonsons, corn, rico, tlio best tobncco, millet, coriandor, chiltios, gram, castor- oil, sugar enne, tamarinds, bananas, guavas, mangoos, custard apples, pomogranntes, ligs, punches, pnlmyra and dato toddy — tho coconnut, with its palm-oil nnd milk, nnd ovor so mnny othor things, that I must bo content to call them etcetera. This work was a more trifio to tho many that were going 011 in several parts of tlio Madras Presidency, undor tho onorgotie guid- nnco of tho nblo engineer officors in clinrgo. Sir William and Sir Arthur Cotton. In tlio con versation alluded to nt the oponingof this lecture, I forgot to mention that Mr. Vordon drew my at tention to tho fact that one or both of theso distinguished enginoors offered thoir scviccs in Victoria, and perhaps in New South Walos also, but their torms would not bo nccoptod — "Ponny wiso nnd pound foolish." Lot us balnnco tho caso — lot us inquire how mnny mon wore put out of omploymont on tho diggings — how many poor froo selectors have to deplore tlio loss of thoir only crop, thoir " bit o' wheat." Count up, if 3'ou can, tlio liumbor of dead bullocks and horses 3011 had to pass 011 tho wayside — how many million pounds wore lost to tho common wealth, bocauso thoro was no wator, nnd conso- qnontlyno grass. Connt your lossos in horses, cattlo, and shoep — how many dobts havo boon incurred — how many properties bavo boon mort gaged — how many insolvencies havo resulted — I- ..-«-nnrol>lo R, mil loo I, mm l-innn ni bind I hough nil tho items are not sot down, I beliccv it will tako somo powerful scholar or arith metician to work- out tlio answer to tlio abovo statement. Then, how nro wo to prevent the re currence of the disastor? I will tell 3'ou how to remedy it. All hnvo sufTored sorely — squatters, diggers, froo selectors, all. Tlio wholo trado of tlio C0I0113' felt tho stagnation. How aro we to prevent its recurrence? Speak aloud, let your voices bo hoard by your reprosontntives. Cull upon tho Legislature of Now South Walos to follow the exnmplo of Victoria in sonding to India for a hydraulic onginoer — a man who must of necessity know tho bnsinoss practically. Lot excavations bo mado on ovory available portion of Crown lands— ospeoially along tho bnsin of ovory dnngerous rivor or creolc — lot sluieos run to fill those reservoirs from ttio rivor in tlio neighbourhood, tho slnicos to form a junction with tlio rivor according to tlio formation or shape of tho country— or ratlior, I might say, more aceuratoly, to bo fod from tho rivor — from ton, fiftoon, or twonty miles up the stream — broad, doop, nnd sufliciontl3' elevated. It might npply nlso to tho wntor or recreation re serve of every town 111 tho colony. Lot on- coumgomont bo given to all in'shnpo of a bonus by Government, or by reduction of Grown routs to tho squatter or froo soloctor, who is ablo to show upon liis proporty tlio largest nnd most judicious nmount of attention to irrigation. Do nwa3 with tho law or regula tion against damming a main crook or river. Thero is abundance for all, if all will only contrivo to make good stowngo for it. Gntlior in all tlio minors who aro linrd-up— call in, too, tlio intelli gence of tlio celestials, many of whom aro in such misery about tlio worn-out diggings of tlio colony. Toll tlio unotnployod that there's work and fair wages for all. B3' such a modo of action I am con vinced t/inttlio finnncooftliocolony wouldbomoro than doubled in a fow 3'oars. If all, and ospeoially the members of tho legislative Assombly, instead of raising up ghosts and hobgoblins to frighten folks with, and to show what swords man thoy bo, a-outting and a-thrusting nt phan toms that exist only in thoir own brains, would turn to, lionrt and hand, and dovolop tho re sources of this fino country, fncilitato tho moans of transport, promote its intornal improvement by making nvnilnbjo tho'gignntic wntor power of tho colony and encouraging its foreign trade, thoy would mako it tho richest and groatost — ns it ought to he, ono of tho happiest countries on tho faco of the earth. This is tho way I would provont tho recurrence of the disaster. Tho rov. gontloman was loudly applaudod on tho termination of liis nddross. Tho Rov. Fathor Finnogan, in a short spooch complimentary to tho lecturer, proposed a honrty vote of thanks to Father Riordan. Tho Rov. Father IIicke3 seconded tho proposi tion, nud Tho Chairman convoyed tho thanks of tho audience to tho rov. lecturer, amidst loud cheors. Tho Rov. Fathor Riordan acknowledged tho compliment in a fow humourous remarks, and ondod by proposing a. voto of thanks to Mr. Dense, for presiding on tho occasion, a proposi tion which was carried by loiul cheers. "Wo omitted to state that the proceedings wore opened by Mrs. nnd Miss Fitzgorald playing a duot on tho pianoforte, which was most ex cellently porforniod and warmly applnuded. On the termination of tho lootnro, .'Mrs. Fitz gerald played a solo on tho piano, and this wns followod b3 a short musical melange, in which Miss Fitzgerald, tho Rov. Father Riordan, Mr. C. J. Doaso, Mr. F. Lenthart, Mr. J. Gibson, Mr. J. R. Rowan, and Mr. Harrison took part. Tlio singing was vory good, nnd encors frequent, the " gem " of tho evotiing perhaps was the duet sung by Miss Fitzgerald and Fathor Riordan. Mrs. Fitzgorald plued tho accom paniments on tho piano. Tho proceedings wore brought to a eloso by the performers and uudi- ence singing tho National Anthem. EMU ORE H lv GOLD - FIELD. from oua cokres i'on dent. October 24. — Tho woathor this week has boon vory clmngoablo, heavy showers with alternate oppressively hot days ; it is raining now. Tlio crooks wore running again, and tho roads havo again bocomo impassable, if not dangerous. Hny, ciiafl', and otliur colonial produce still maintain very low rates. Alining all'nii's nro encouraging. Tho Prussian, Oriental, and Wlm-would-havc-it reef, besides our other rich roofs, aro turning out woll. In alluv.ial, tlio Mount Lively rush is not yet proved, but it still holds out good prospects. Tho Two- mile, nour tho racecourse, shows very good in dications, so much so, that everybody, even tho bailiff, lias taken up a claim, and uro shopherding, as tho sinking is over 150 foot, nnd of courso work proceeds on thn frontago system. Tho Two- milo maintains its formor yield. At tlio Quondong McLoan and party obtained 80 ouncos out of 110 loads; and Brown and party 8 dwts. por load out of 76 loads. At tho Upper Stowart, Thurlwell and party to 50 loads (bottom, claim reworked) procured half an ounce por load. Thero is oveiy likelihood that at all tlio nishos around good prospects will bo obtained soon, nnd thus givo new impetus to the alluvial mining pursuits in this locality. The Gold Commission lias hnd to oat liumhlo pie, and on Monday last received tlio Gronfull committee, and listened to thom through tho chairman, though Mr. Thompson," tho acting president, stated that it' seemed to him nil oncronolunont on their rights as commissioners, and Mr. Trapped added, "that 110 Commission would hnvo taken evidence from a locality, where 500 to COO pooplo passed a vote of censure 011 its members; but in spite of that voto, tlio matter in band being of so much importnneo, tlioy 'wnivod' their 'dignit3' and 'condescended' to hour tho Gronfoll committee. Very fow persons attended, most of tlio committco having refused to havo 0113 dealings with tlio Com mission. Tlio Commission closed its labours lioro 011 Monday last, when, I hear, 0110 of its niombors was snubbed 113 tlio acting pro -ident, for not being ablo to dofinc a " common," anil what is more interesting, that nicmbor is a mombor of Parliament. It is -likewise strange, that a lottor signod "Citizen" in last Mining Record, nnd tho Gronfoll report in tho Town ami Country Journal appoar to havo emanated from the samo person, nud that person scorns- also UW UU |<UI V UIRl |.'HI VR.I Ul LIIJU MUlll vutlitllioaiwiii Tho writer praises tho Commission, and troats nil opposition with contempt, lint rather un fortunately for his voracity, wo possess iinmonso resources to publish and provo tho utter falsity of his statements, because tho mooting of last Saturda3, as reported by all writers" who wero presont, condomned tho Commission as n most useless- wasto of public money, as well ns tlio ' grentost imposition over perpetrated hero or in any other country. A concert in aid of tho funds for tlio wounded in tho Frnttco-Prussinii war camo off with great succoss 011 lust Wednesday night-. Tlio proceeds are noarly £10. Mr. W. II. lloo roturnod thanks in fow but appropriate words. Wo aro often amused with very curious ns- snult cases brought boforo tlio bench from tho Quondong. It sooms there oxists in that localit3' n continuous chain of quarrels, somo of liino months standing, and honco noarly ovory week produces some fruit in tlio stiape of assaults, all originating in tlio jumping of a claim or in a quarrel ovor a cortain portion of ground. Tho first commenced with a scandal caso, I-Iorurty v. Iloploy, thon Foxwoll v. IIoplo3', nnd Hoploy v. Mrs. Foxwoll, Mrs. Iloploy v. Mrs. Foxwoll, and lastly Hoploy v. Mrs. Foxwoll for griovous ns- sault (dofondunt fined £5), and Mrs. Foxwoll v. Iloploy, obscono language (dismissed). It seoms IIople3' undergoes constant prosocution, and it is to ho hoped tho full penalty inflicted by Messrs. Vaughn and Watson, tlio presiding magistrates, will turn out a wholosomo euro, and put a stop to thoso annoyances. There are vory bad reports ofthoForbos rush. Mr. P. Dnvoron, of Princo of Walos Hotol here, returned from there Inst Saturday night, and tells 11s t.hut a shaft was bottomed, but with 110 prospects. A good many aro still shopliording tlio load, oxpecting something to turn up to re ward thom for loss of thoir timo. Death by Drowning. — On Inst Mondny even ing a boy, about ton years of ago, n son of Mr. Fallon, a farmer residing near Yass, wns drowned in ono of tho holos mnn3 years ago opened, and known ns tho old copper-mino, near Bowning Hill. It appears that tho dccoased and a younger brother wore ongagod shopherding at tho locality nnuiod, and that whon near tho old shaft tlio boy's foot slipped and ho fell into tho hole, which at tlio tiuio had botwoon nino and ton feet of wator in it. His brothor made sevornl in- 'oflectual attempts to render assistance, but fail ing in proving successful, lie ran homo and gnvo information. Mr. Fallon atonco procoodod to tbo plnco, but tho unfortunate youth was dead whon brought to tho surface. O11 Wednesday an inquest was held boforo Dr. Blake, tho district coroner, and a jury, when a vordict of accidental drowning was returned. Tub Approaching Sessions. — Tho Court of Qnnrtor Sessions will bo oponod at Yass 011 Fri day noxt, tho 4th prox. Tho following is n list of prisoners for trial :— Margaret Rogers, larceny, Ynss ; Thomas Horton, receiving beef knowing it to be stolon, Burrown ; Samuel Love- lad3', larcon3', Young; Goorgo Harris, larceny, Young; George Iluynos, larcony, Young; Elizabeth Malono, alias Muinwuriiig, arson, Young ; Gharlos Newman, cattlo stouling, Bur rown ; Thomas Siioiid3'1 Inrceny, Young; John. Noonnn, sheop stealing, Young. Narrow Escape from. Drowning. — On Tuesday afternoon last, an old man named John Goodyor, a furinor near Bowning, had a narrow escnpo from drowning whon crossing tho Yass Iliver on horsoback. Tho rivor was considerably swollon at tho timo, and tho strongth of the current caused tho horse to swerve off tho dangerous remains of tho crossing. Mr. Goodyor and the animal he was riding wore carried down tlio rivor for somo distanco, and the old man became unseated in tho struggle, but luckily succeeded in grasping hold of tho liorso's tail, aud wus thus piloted to tho bnuk. The Footpath Bridge. — A trestlo bridgo and a pilo footbridge have alrendy boen erected and each in its turn carriod away by floods in tho Yass Rivor. We can scarcely say that thoy havo " Gono clean out to soa," for their romnins or a portion of the timber was loft deposited on the banks. Wo now loarn that anothor footway ovor tho rivor is to be constructed, and whon complotod wo hopo it will be sufficiently durablo to tido ovor difficulties until the new and massive iron bridgo has boen complotod. The Weather. — On Tuesday afternoon rain doscendod in torrents, and has continued to fall, with short intermissions, up to tho hour of our going to press. Tho rivor has, consequent, risen considerably, and a hoavy flood is expected . The prevalence of wot is greatty interfering with sheep shearing oporat-ions, nnd we learn that many of our flockowners are shearing in tho groaso. Ardent Billiard Players. — On last Wednes day afternoon two billiard players commoncod a contest 111 the room in connection with tho Com mercial Hotel, Yass. Thoy continuod playing all night, and about noon yesterday wo wore in formed that thoy wore drowsi' continuing to , knock tho balls about. At the. timo stated, one of tho playors was said to bo £15 a poorer man thnn when tho play commencod. For might we know to tho contrary, the oontest is proceeding at tho timo nt which we write. Public Schools. — Tho following gontlemon hnvo boon appointed to form tho publio school boards of tho public schools at the places namod':— Adelong Upper— Mossrs. John Joseph Poarco, William Donson, and Jamos Dunstone. Binalong— Messrs. Edgur Beckham, J.P., John Paterson, J.P., and Samuel Garter. .Ciinuifipar — Messrs. David Hunter Campbell, J.P., John Cameron Wolraan, J.P., John Aloysius Murphy, Robert Hutchinson, and Henry Hutchinson. Tom Thumb a Free and Accepted Mason.— It may be interesting to tho craft to know that Gonoral Tom Thumb is not only a mason, but that ho has passed nil tbo known dogroos of brothorhood, and wo understand is higher in the craft than any known mombor of tho fraternity on this sido of tho world. What is still moro strange is, wo are informod, tho general's wife also belongs to tho mystic boil' — tho masonic laws of tho United States admitting tho fair sex to a limitod number of degrees. On Tuosday ovoning tho gonoral, or Brothor Stratton, paid a visit to Lodge Unity at tho Masonic Hall, working his way as a true mombor of tho craft. Aftor the closing of tho lodge, tho general was . ontortainod in the banqueting-room, and spoilt a vory plonrant evening. Thoro was a great mustor of tho masonic body on tho occasion. — Empire. The Man and the Gentleman.— In tho conrso of n caso tried nt tho Batlmrst Circuit Court on Monday, a witness was asked who ho saw at a certain placo. In roply, I10 onumorntod sovoral persons' nntnos, nnd pointing to tho prisoner said, "And that gontloman tlioro." Tho Chiof Justico: "Eh? Oh, I soo; You saw tho gentle man in tho dock thoro, who is now boing tried by this man 011 tho bench hero?" pointing to himself. The rebuke was thoroughly compre hended by the witness, who throughout his evidence aftorwards took care to refor to tho accusod as "tho prisoner." — Bathurst '1'inies. A Melbourne Jury. — "Guilty, but wo recom mend, him to mere', ns wo are not quito suro whether ho did it," was a vordict given onco upon a timo by an " enlightoned and intelligent " British jury against a prisoner who had boon triod before thorn for somo offence against tho laws of tbo land. On Tuosday last, nt tho Mel bourne Crimitinl Sessions, a discriminating (?) twelve, "good mon and truo," gnvo a vordict of an oxactl' similar charactor, though not in pre cisely the samo words, in tho case of a young man named Matthew Curthoys, who wns nccusod of larcony ns a sorvnnt. Ilis case was this. 11c wns omployod by Mr. John Richards, grocer, of Pi nliran, as collector oforders, and while acting in that capacity I10 gavo an ordor for and obtained a quantity of goods for, ns he alleged, a lady and gontloman who wero about to bo tnarriod. When ho wns askod by his oniployor nbout paymoutfor tho goods he snid that I10 hnd paid "tho money to the clorlc in tbo shop ; and Mr. Richards, boliov- ing his statement, dismissed tho clerk from his servico, not bocnuse ho thought him dishonost, but 011 tho gro.tiud that ho must bo careless in tho kooping of his books. Mr. Richards found that tho parties tho prisonor montioiiod as hav ing obtained tho goods bad novor lived at tlio address he had given, and from' subsequent in formation ho gave tlio prisoner into custody. Tho defonco of tbo prisonor nt his trial was tho statoniont ho had mado to his oniployor, that ho had paid tho monoy to tho clerk. And now comes tho vordict of tbo sagncious (?) jury. They found tho prisoner guilty 011 tho first count of tho information, which was tho larcony of tho 4th Juno, and rocomniondod him to morcy be cause, nstho foreman said, " tlioro sooms a doubt about tho book boing kept properly." His honor asked,' " Ilavo you any doubt ubout tho larcony, gontlomon ? " Tho foreman ropliod, "No, your honour; but tliore is a doubt about tho books, and tho monoy might havo beon paid." Thovnnn ordorod goods ; he might have paid for them ; but still he is guilty of larceny. And to such mon is consigned the liberty of a subject! — Daily Tele graph. Hollow ay's Pillu. — For Iiidigostion, Stomach, and Liver Complaints. — Porsons suffering from any dorangomont of the liver, stomach, or tho organs of digestion, should havo rocourso to Holloway's pills, as thoro is no modieina known that acts on tlioso particular complaints with such certnin success. They strengthen tlio tono of tho stomach increase tho appetite, purify tho blood, nnd correct dopravod secretions. In > bowol complaints, thoy removo all morbid humours, and soon restore tho patient to sound health ; norvous or sick headachos, nnd depres sion of spirits may bo spoodily removed by those pills. The- are composed of rare balsams, with out tho admixture of a grain of morcury or any noxions substauco, and are us safo as thoy aro efficacious. Maravilla Cocoa. — For Breakfast. — Tho Globe says — "Various importers and manufacturers liavo ntloinptod to attain a reputation for thoir ' prepared Cocoas, but wo doubt whethor any thorough success hnd been achieved until Messrs. \- Taylor Brothors discovoreil the extraordinary qunlitios of 'Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their porfoot system of preparation to this finest of all spccios of tho Thoobromn, thoy havo produced an article which supersedes ovory other Cocoa in tho mnrkot. Entire solubility, a dclicato aroma, and a rare concentration of tho purest olomonts of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla Cocoa abovo all othors. For homoeopaths and invalids wo could not rocominond a 111010 agrcoablo or valuablo bovorago." Sold in packets only by all Grocors, of whom also may bo had Taylor Brothors' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Stoam Mills — Brick Lano, London. 