OLD LADIES. The world is notoriously unjust to its veterans, and above all it is unjust to its ancient females. Every where, and from all time, an old woman has been taken to express the last stage of uselessness and ex haustion; and while a meeting of bearded dotards goes by the name of a council of sages, and its delibe rations are respected accordingly, a congregation of palsied matrons is nothing but a congregation of old women, whose thoughts and opinions on any subject whatsoever have no more value than the chattering of so many magpies. In fact the poor old ladies have a hard time of it; and if we look at it in its right light, pcrhals nothing proves mnore thoroughly the coarse flavour of the world's esteem respeetina women than this disdain which they excite when they are old. And yet what elharming old ladies one has known at times-women quite as charming in their own way at seventy as their grand- daughters are at seventeen, and all the more so because they have no design now to be charming, because they have given up the attempt to please for the reaction of praise, and long since have eonsented to become physically old, though they have never drifted into unpersonableness or neglect. While retaining the intellectual vivacity and active sympathies of maturity, they have added the soft ness, the mellowness, the temperinggot only from expe rieeneandsdvancingage; theyare women whohave seen and known and read a great deal, and who have suffered much, but whoso sorrows have neither hardened nor soured them-rather have made them even more sympathetic with the sorrows of others, and pitiful for all the young. They hare lived through and lived down all their own trials, and have come out into pence on the other side; but they renmember the trials of the fiery passage, and they feel for those who have still to bear the pressure of the pain they hlave overcome. These are women not much met with in society; they are of the kind which mostly stays at home, and lots the world come to them. They ihave done with the hurry and glitter of life, and they no longer care to carry their grey hairs abroad ; they retain their hold on the affections of their kind, they take an interest in the history, the science, the pro gress of the day, but they rest tranquil and content by their own lireside, and they sit to receive, but do nlot go out to gather.. The fashionable old lady who haunts the theatres and drawing-rooms, bewigged, befrizzled, painted, ghastly in her vain attempts to appear young, hideous in her frenzied clutch at the pleasures melting from her grasp, desperate in her wild hold on a life that is passing away from hter so rapidly, knows nothing of the quiet dig nity and happiness of iher ancient sister who has been wise enough to renounce before shbe lost. In her own house, where gather a small knot of lun of mind sand women of character, where the young bring their perplexities nod the mature their deeper thoughts, the dear old lady of ripe experience and loving sympathies and cultivated intellect holds a better court than is known to any of those miserable old creatures who prowl about the gay places of the world, and wrestle with the young for their crowns and garlands-those wretehed simulacra of womanhood who will not grow old and who cannot become wise. She is the best kind of old lady extant, answering to the matron of classic times-to the Mother in Israel before whom the tribes made obeisance in token of respect; the woman whose book of life has been well studied and closely read, and kept clean in all its pages. Shelo has been no prude, however, and no mere idealist. She must have been wife, mother, and widow; that is, she must have known many things of joy and grief, and have had the fountains of life unsealed. However wise and good she may be, as a spinster she has had only half a life ; and it is the best half which has been denied her. How can she tell others, when they come to her in their troubles, how time and a healthy will have wrought with her, if she has never passed through the same circumstances P Theoretic comfort is all very well, but one word of experience goes beyond volumes of counsel based on general principles and imagination. One type of old lady, growing yearly scarcer, is the old lady of Radical political tendencies based on the doctrines of Voltaire and Paine's " Rights of Man" the old lady who remembers Hunt and Thistlewooa and the Birmingham riots, who talks of the French revolution as if it was yesterday, and who has heard so often of the Porteus mob from poor papa that one would think she had assisted at the hanging herself. She is an infinitely old woman, for the most part birdlike, chirrupy, and wonderfully alive. She has never gone beyond her early teaching, but is a fossil Radical of the old school, and she thinks the Gods departed when Hunt and his set died out. She is an irroligious old creature, and scoffs with more clever ness than *ace at everything new or earnest; she would as lief see Romanism rampant at once as this new-fangled mummerytheycallRitualism; and Roman ism is her version of the unchaining of Satan. As for science-well, it is all very wonderful, but more wonderful she thinks than true; and she cannot quite make up her mind about the spectroscope or the pro toplasm. Of the two, the protoplasm commends itself most to her imagination, for privato reasons of her own connected withthe Pentateuch; butthease thingsare notso much in her way as Voltaire and Diderot, Voltney and Tom Paine, and she is content to abide by her ancient loves, and to leave the leaping-poles of science to younger and stronger hands. And this type of old lady is for the most part an ancient spinster, whose life has worn itself away in the arid deserts of mental doubt and emotional negation. If she ever loved it was in secret, some thin-lipped embodied idea long years ego; but most likely she did not geot even to this unsatisfactory lengtll, but contented her self with books and discussions only. If she has ever honestly loved and been loved, perhaps she would have gone beyond doubt, and have learned something holier than a scoff. Tile old lady ofstrong instinctive affections, who never reflects and never attempts to restrain her kindly weaknesses, stands at the other end of the scale. She is the grandmother par excel lencee, and spends her life in spoiling the little ones, cramming them with sugar-plums and rich cake when ever she has the chance, and nullifying mamma's punishments by surreptitious gifts and goodies. She is the dearly beloved of our childish recollections, and to tile last days of our life we cherish the remem brance of the kind old lady with her beaming smile, taking out of her large black reticule, or the more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, won derful little screws of paper, which her withered hands thrust into our chubby fists ; but we can understand now what an awful nuisance she must have been to the authorities, and how impossible she made it to preserve anything like discipline and the terrors of the domestic law in the family. The old lady who remains a mere child to the end, who looks very much like a faded old wax doll with her scanty hair blown out into transparent ringlets, and her jaunty cap bedecked with flowers and gay coloured bows, who cannot rise into dignity or true womanliness, who knows nothing, can give no advice, has no sentiment of protection, but on the contrary demands all sorts of care and protection for herself she, simpering and giggling as if she were fifteen, is by no means asn old lady of the finest type. But she is better than the leering old lady who says coarse things, and who, like B6ranger's immortal creation, passes her time in regretting her plump arms and her well-turned anele, and the lost time that can never be recalled, and who is altogether a most unedifying old person, and by no means nice company for the young. Then there is the irascible old lady, who rates her servants, and is free with fall-flavoured epithets against sluts in general; who is like a tigress over her lost unmarried daughter, and, when crippled and dis. abled, still insists on keeping the keys, which she delivers up when wanted only with a snarl and a suspicious caution. She has been one of the race of active housekeepers, and has prided herself on her exceptional ability that way for so long that she cannot bear to give up, even when she can no longer do any good; so she sits in her easy chair, like old Pope and Pagan in " Pilgrim's Progress," and gnaws her fingers at the younger world which passes her by. She is an infliction to her daughter for all the years of lher life, and to the last keeps her in leading-strings, tied up as tight as the sinewy old hands can knot them; treating her always as an irresponsi ble young thing that needs both guidance and control, though the girl has passed into the middle aged woman by now-a poor spiritless thing, that has faded before she has fully blossomed, and dies like a fruit that has dropped from the tree before it has ripened. Twin sister to this kind is the grim female become ancient ; the gaunt old lady with a stiff back. bone, who sits upright, and walks with a firm tread like a man; a leathery old Ielt who despises allyour weak slips of girls that have nerves and headaches and cannot walk their paltry mile without fatigue; a desiccated old lady, large-boned and lean, without an ounce of superfluous fat about her, with keen eyes yet, with which she boasts that she can thread a needle and read small print by candlelight; an indestructible old lady, who looks as if nothing short of an earth quake would put an end to her. The friend of her youth is now a stout, soft, helpless old lady, much bedraped in woollen shawls, given to frequent sippings of brandy and water, and ensconced in the chimney corner like a huge clay figure set to dry. For her the indestruetible old lady has the sunpremest con tempt, heightened in intensity by a vivid remorem brance of the time when they were friends and rivals. Ah, poor Laura, she says, straightening herself; she was always a poor creature, and see what she is nowl To those who wait long enough the wheel always comes round, she thinks; and the days when Laura bore away the bell from her for grace and sweetness and loveableness generally are avenged now, when the one is a more molluse and the other has a serviceable backbone that will last for many a year yet. Then there is the musical old lady, who is fond of playing small anonymous pieces of a jiggy character, full of queer turns and shakes, music that seems all written iu demi-semi-quavers, and that she gives in a tripping, catching way, as if the keys of the piano wore hot. Sometimes sheo will sing, as a great favour, old-world songs that are almost pathetic for the thin and broken voice that lchirrups out the sentiment with whiclh they abound; and sometimes, as a still greater favour, she will stand up in the dance, and do the poor uncertain ghosts of what were once steps, in tIle days when dancing was dancing, and not the graceless lounge it is now. But her dancing-days are over, she says, after half-a-dozen turns; though, indeed, sometimes sioe takes a frisky fit,- and pays for it the next day. Tihe very dress of old ladies is in itself a study and a revelation of character. There are the beautiful old women who make themselves like old pictures by a profusion of soft lace and tender greys; and the stately old ladies who affect rich rustling silks and sombre velvet; and there are tice original and indi vidual old ladies, who dress themselves after their own kind, like Mrs. Basil Montsgu and Miss Jano Porter, and have a cacef of their own, withc which fashion has nothing to do. And there are the old women who near rusty black stuffs and ugly helmet-like caps; and those who affect uniformity and going withll the stream, wien tile fashion lhas become national; and these have been much exercised of late with the celignons and the new bonnets. But Providence is liberal, and milliners are fertile in resources. In fact, iu this as in all othler sections of humanity, there are those who are beautiful and wise, and those who are foolish and unlovely; those who make the best of things as they are, and those who make the worst, by treating them as something they are not, those who etreact honey, acnd those who find only poison. For in old age, as in youth, are to be found beauty, use, grace, sand value, but in different aspects and on aneother platform altogether; and the folly is when this differonce is not allowed for, or when the possi bility of these graces is denied and their utility ignored. -sloatfrsf Sesfee. 