ROLAND YORKE. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." CHAPTER V. us. BUITERBY IN PRIVATE LIFE. THE bustle of the assizes was over ; the tramp and tread and hum had gone out of the streets; the judges, the barristers, and the rest of the transitory visitors had deported to hold their assize at the next county town. A great deal of the bustle and the hum of another event had also subsided. It does not linger very long when outward proceedings are . over, and the sensational adjuncts have ceased and Mr. Ollivera, at the best, had been but a stranger. The grave where he lay had its visitors still ; but his brother and other friends had left for London, carrying his effects with them. Nothing remained to tell of the fatal act of the past Monday evening ; but for that grave, it might have seemed never to have had place in reality. The Rev. Mr. Ollivera had been firm in refusing to admit belief in his brother's guilt. He did not pretend to judge how it might have happened, whether by accident or by some enemy's hand ; but he felt convinced the death could not have been deliberately self-inflicted It was an impossibility, he avowed to Mr. But terby-and he was looked upon by that re- nowned officer, as next door to a lunatic for his pains. There was no mere shadow of a doubt on Mr. Butterby mind that the verdict had been in accordance with the facts, than there was on other people's. Always excepting Alletha Rye's. She had been silent to the public since the avowal at the grave ; but, in a dispute with Mrs. Jones, had repeated her assertion and belief. Upon a report of the display coming to Mrs. Jones' cars, that discreet matron-who certainly erred on the side of hard, correct, matter- of-fact propriety, if on any-attacked her sister in no measured terms. There were several years be tween them, and Mrs. Jones considered she had a right to do it. Much as Mrs. Jones had respected Mr. Ollivera in life, she entertained no doubt whatever on the subject of his death. " My opinion is, you must have been crazy," came the sharp reprimand. " Go off after that tramping trail to the grave!. I wish I'd seen you start. A good name's easier lost than gained) Alletha Rye." " I am not afraid of losing raine," was the calm rejoinder. " Folks seldom are till they find it gone," said Mrs. Jones, tartly. " My goodness ! not content with imposing off there in the middle of the night, you must go and make an exhibition of yourself besides ! kneeling down on the damp earth to pray, in the face and eyes of all the people and then rising to make a proclamation, just as if you had been the town bellman. Jones says it struck him dumb." Alletha Rye was silent. Perhaps she had felt vexed since the moment's excitement had led her to the act. " Who are you, that you should put yourself up against the verdict?" resumed Mrs. Jones, "Are you cleverer and sharper than the jury, and the coroner, and me, and Mr. Ollivera's friends, and the rest of the world, all of us put together ? There can't be a doubt upon the point, girl." " Let it drop," said Alletha, with a shiver. " Drop ! I'd like to see it drop. I'd like the remembrance of it to die out of men's minds ; but you've took care that it shan't be. What on earth induced you to go and do it ?" " It was a dreadful thing that Mr. Ollivera should be under the imputation of having killed himself," came the answer, after a pause. "Now, you just explain yourself, Alletha Rye. You keep harping on that same string about Mr. Ollivera ; what grounds have you for it P" The girl's pale face flushed all over. " None," she presently answered. " I never said I hold grounds. But there's that vivid dream upon me always. He seemed to reproach me for not having sooner gone into the room to find him and I am sure no self-murder would do that. They'd rather The undiscovered forever. Had I kept silence, the passionately added, "I might have become haunted." Mrs. Jones stared at the speaker with all the fiery fervor of her dark, dark eyes. " Haunted ! Haunted by what ?" " By Mr. Ollivera's spirit by remorse. Re- morse for not doing as I am sure he is wishing me to do-clear his memory." Mrs. Jones lifted her hands in wonder, and for once made no report. She began to question in real earnest whether the past matters had not turned her sister's brain. Mr. Jones was present during this passage-at-arms which took place on the Thursday, after breakfast. He had just been enduring a battery of tongue on his own score ; various says, great and small, being placed before him in glaring colors by his wife, not the least heinous of which was the having arrived home from his pleasure trip at the unseasonable hour of half after 1 o'clock in the morning. In recrimination he had intimated that others of the family could come in at that hour as well as himself ; not to do Alletha Rye harm, for he was a good natured man, as people given to plenty of pen Cadillacs are apt to be ; but to make his own crime appear the less. And then it all came out and Mrs. Jones' cars were regaled with Alletha Rye's share in the doings at the infor- ment. On this same Thursday, but very much later in the day, Frank Greatorex and the Rev. Mr. Ollivera departed from the city, having stayed to collect together the papers and other effects of the deceased gentleman. Which brings us (the night having passed and a portion of the ensuing day) to the opening of the Hi o chapter. Mr. Butterby sat in his parlour : one of two rooms he occupied on the ground floor of a private house very near a populous part of the city. He was not a police-sergeant ; he was not an inspector ; people did not know what he was. That he held sway at the police-station, and was a very frequent visitor to it, everybody saw. But Mr. Butterby had been so long in the town, that speculation, though rife enough at first upon the point, had ceased as to what special relations he might hold with the law. When anyone wanted important assistance, he could, if he choose, apply to Mr. Butterby, instead of to the regular police inspector j and, to the mind of the sanguine enquirer, that application appeared to constitute a promise of success. Mr. Butterby parlor faced the street. Ita ona sash window, protected outside by shutters, thrown back in the day, and by green dwarf venetian blinds and a white roller-blind inside, was not a large one. Nevertheless Mr. Butterby contrived to keep a tolerable look-out from ston the M of his fellow-citizens who might chance to pass. He generally had the white blinds drawn down to meet, within an inch, the top of the venetian blinds and from that inch of outlet, Mr. Butterby, standing up before the window, was fond of taking observations. It was an un- pretending room, with a faded carpet and rug on the floor ; a square table in the middle, a large bureau filled with papers in a corner; t some books in a case opposite, and a stock of I newspapers on the top of that; and a picture over the mantel-piece representing Evo offering p the Apply to Adam. Mr. Butterby sat by the fire at his tea, taking it thoughtfully. He wore an old green coat with short tails sprouting out from the waist not being addicted to fashion in private life, and a red-and-black check waistcoat. It was Friday evening and nearly dusk. He had been out on some business all the afternoon; but his thoughts were not fixed on that, though it was of sufficient importance ; they rested on the circumstances attending the death of Mr. Ollivera. Before the brother of the deceased quitted the town, he had kept an appointment with Mr. Butterby, having come to it accompanied by Frank Greatorex; the ay, conveying them to the station, waiting at the door. The purport of his visit was to impress upon that officer his full conviction that the death was not a suicide, and to request that, if anything should arise to confirm his opinion, it might be followed up. " He was a good, pure-minded man ; he was of calm, clear, practical mind, of sound good sense ; he was fond of his profession, anxious to excel in it ; hopeful, earnest, and without a care in the world," urged the Rev. Mr. Ollivera, with emotion. " How, sir, I ask you, could such a man take away his own life." Mr. Butterby shook his head, It might be unlikely, he acknowledged ; but it was not impossible. I tell you it is impossible," said Mr. Ollivera. I hold a full, firm, positive conviction that my brother never died, or could have died, by his own wilful hands : the certainty of it is so clear as to be like a revelation from heaven. Do you know what I did, sir I went to the grave at night after he was put into it, and read the burial service over him." " I see you doing it, came the unexpected answer of Mr. Butterby. " The surplice you were was too long for you and covered your boots." " It belonged to a better man than I am the Rev. Mr. Yorke," the clergyman explained. " But now, sir, do you suppose I should have dared to hold that sacred service over a man who had wilfully destroyed himself ?" "But instead of there being proof that he did not wilfully destroy himself, there's every proof that he did," argued Mr. Butterby. " Every apparent proof ; I admit that but I know I know that the proofs are in some strange way false ; not real." " The death was real ; the pistol was real ; the writing on the note-paper was real." " I know. I cannot pretend to explain where the explanation may be hidden ; I cannot see how or whence elucidation shall come. One suggestion I will make to you, Mr. Butterby. It is not clear that no person got access to the drawing- room after the departure from it of Mr. Bede Greatorex. At least, to my mind. I only mention this thought," concluded Mr. Ollivera, rising to close the interview; for he had no time to prolong it. " Should you succeed in gleaning anything, address a communication to me, to tho care of Greatorex and Greatorex." " Stop a moment," said Mr. Buttorby, as they were going out. " Who holds the paper that was found on the table ?" "I do," said Frank Greatorex. Some of them would have had it destroyed ; Keene and my brother amidst them ; they could not bear to look at it. But I thought my father might like to see it first, and took possession of it." A smile crossed the lips of the police agent. " Considering the two gentlemen you mention are in the law, it doesn't say much for their fore- thought, to rush at destroying the only proof there may be of anybody else's being guilty." " But then, you know, they do not admit that any one else could have been guilty," replied Frank Greatorex. " At least, my brother does not and Rene only looks upon it as a possible case of insanity. Do you want to see the paper I have it in my pocket." " Perhaps you'd not mind leaving it with me for a day or two," said Mr. Buttorby. " I'll forward it up safe to you when I've done with it." Frank Greatorex took the paper from his pocket-book and handed it to the speaker. It was folded inside an envelope now. Mr. Butterby received possession of it and attended his guests to the door, where the fly was waiting. " You'll have, to drive fast, Thompson," he said to the man. And Thompson, touching his hat to the officer, who was held in some awe by the city natives, whipped his horse into a can- ter. . It was upon this interview that Mr. Butterby . ruminated as he took his tea on the Friday evening. In his own opinion it was the most unreasonable thing in the world that anybody should throw doubt upon the verdict. Nothing but perversity. He judged it-and he was a keen sighted man-to be fully in accordance with the facts, as given in evidence. Excepting perhaps in one particular. Had he been on the jury he should have held out for a verdict of insanity. " They are but a set of bumble heads at the best," soliloquised Mr. Butterby, respectfully alluding to the twelve men who had returned the verdict, as he took a large bite out of his last piece of well-buttered pikelets. " Juries for the most part always are if they have got any brains they send 'em a wool- gathering then. Hemming, the butter-and-ohceso man, told me he did say something about insanity and he was foreman, too ; but the rest of 'em and the coronor wouldn't listen to it. It don't much matter, for he got the burial rites after all, poor follow : but if I'd been them, I should have gave him the benefit of the doubt." Stopping in his observations to put the rest of the lakelet in his mouth, Mr. Butterby went on again as he ate it. " It might have been that insanity ; but as to the other suspicion, there's no grounds whatever for it on the face of things at present. If such is to be raised I shall have to set to work and hand 'em up. Create 'em as it wore. ' Don't spare money, says that young clergyman last night when he sat here ; ' your expenses shall be reimbursed to you with interest. As if I could make a COBB out of nothing! I'm not French Procureur Imperial." Drinking down his tea at a draught, Mr. Butterby tried the tea-pot, lest a drop might be left in it still, turning it nearly upside down in the process. The result was that the lid came open and a shower of tea-leaves descended on the. tray. ? "Bother said Mr. Butterby, as he hastily set the tea-pot in its place, and went on with his arguments. "There's something odd about the case, though, straightforward as it seems and i've thought so from the first. That girl's dream for example, which she says she had and her conduct at the grave. It's curious that Dicky Jones should just be looking on at her," added Mr. Buttorby, slightly diverging from the direct line of consecutive thought : " curious that Dicky should have come up then at all. First, Alletha Rye vows he didn't do it and, next, the parson vows it, Rev. Ollivera. Keno, too but he points to insanity and now the young fellow, Francis Greatorex. Suppose I go over the case again of stretching out his hand, Mr. Buttorby pulled the bell-rope-on old-fashioned twisted blue cord with a handle at the end and a young servant came in. " Shut the shutters," said he. While this was in process, he took two candles from the mantel-piece, and lighted them. The girl went away with the tea-tray. He then unlocked his bureau, and from one of its pigeon- holes brought forth a few papers, memoranda and the like, which he studied in silence, one after the other. " The parson's right," he began presently ; " if there is a loophole it's where he said that somebody got into the room after the departure of Mr. Greatorex. Let's sum the points up." Drawing his chair close to the table on which the papers lay, Mr. Butterby began to tell the case through, striking his two forefingers alternatively on the table's edge as each point came flowing from his tongue. Not that " flowing" is precisely the best word to apply for his speech was thoughtfully slow, and the words dropped with hesitation. " John Ollivera, council at-law. He comes in on the Saturday with the other barristers, ready for the sizes. Has a cause or two coming on at 'em in which he expects to shine. Goes to for more lodgings at Jones', and shows himself as full of sense and sanity, as usual and he'd got his share of both. Sponds Saturday evening at his friend's, Mrs. Jolliffe's, the colonel's widow ; is sweet, Mrs. Jones thinks, on one of the young ladies. Gets home at 10 like a decent man, works at his papers till 12, and goes to bed." Mr. Butterby made a pause here, both his ยก Angora resting on the table. Giving a nod, as if his reflections were satisfactory, he lifted his hands and began again. " Sunday. Attends public worship and takes the sacrament. That's not like the act of one who knows he is on the eve of a bad deed. Attends again, after breakfast, with the judges, and hears the sheriff's chaplain preach. (And it was not a bad sermon, as sermons go," critically pronounced Mr. Butterby in a parenthesis). " Attends again in the afternoon to hear the an- them, the Miss Jolliffe with him. Dines at Jones' at 5, spends evening at Jolliffes'. Home early, and to bed." Once more the hands were lifted. Once more their owner paused in thought. He gave two roods this time, and resumed. " Monday. Up before 8. Has his breakfast (bacon and eggs), and goes to the Nisi Prius Court. Stays there till past 3 in the afternoon, tolls Kene he must go out of court to keep on appointment that wasn't a particularly pleasant one and goes out. Arrives at Jones' at half-past 4; passes Mrs. Jones in that there small back hall of theirs ; she tells him he looks tired ; answers that he is tired and has got a headache ; court was close. Goes up to his sitting- room and gets his papers about (papers found afterwards, on examination, to relate to the cause coming on on Tuesday morning). Girl takes up his dinner ; he eats it, gets to his papers again, and she fetches things away. Rings for his lamp early, quarter past 6 may be, nearly daylight still ; while girl puts it on the table, draws down blinds himself as if in a hurry to be at work again. Close upon this Mr. Bede Greatorex calls (good firm, that, Greatorex and Greatorex," interspersed Mr. Buttorby, with professional candour). "Bede Greatorex has come down direct from London (sent by old Greatorex) to confer with Ollivera on the Tuesday's cause.' Stays with him more than an hour. Makes an appointment with him for Tuesday morning, Jones' nephew, going up stairs at the time, heard them making it, and shows Mr. Bede Greatorex out. Might be half-past 7 then, or two or three minutes over it call it half-past. Ollivera never seen again alive. Found dead next morning in arm chair ; pistol fallen from right hand, shot penetrated heart. Same chair he had been sitting in when at his papers, but drawn aside now at corner of table. Alletha Rye finds him. Tells a cock-and-bull tale of having been frightened by a dream. dreamt he was in the sitting-room dead, and goes to see (she says) that he was not there, dead. Finds him there dead, however, just as (she says) she saw him in her dream. Servant rushes out for doctor, meets me and I am the first in the room. Doctor comes ; Kono comes, Jones' nephew fetching him later they fetch Bede Greatorex. Doctor says death must have took place previous evening not later than 8 o'clock. Mrs Jones says lamp , couldn't have burnt much more than an hour : is positive it did not exceed more than an hour and a half; but she's one of the positive ones at all times, and woman's judgment is fallible. Now then, let's stop." Mr. Butterby put his hands one over the other, and looked down upon them, pausing before he spoke again. " It draws the space into an uncommon narrow nutshell. When Bede Greatorex leaves at half-past 7, Ollivera is alive and well as he and Jones' nephew both testify to-and, according to the evidence of the surgeon, and the negative testimony of the oil in the lamp, he is dead by 8\. If he did not draw the pistol on himself, somebody come in and shot him. "Did he draw it on himself? I say Yes. Coroner and jury say Yes. The public say Yes. Alletha Rye and the Rev. Greatorex say No. If we are all wrong and I don't say but what there's just a loophole of possibility of it-and them two are right, why then it was murder. And done with uncommon craftiness. Let's look at the writing. " Those high class lawyers are not good for much in criminal cases, can't see an inch beyond their noses ; they don't practice at the Old Bailey, they don't," remarked Mr. Butterby, as he took from the papers before him the un- finished note found on Mr. Ollivera's table, the loan of which he had begged from Frank Greatorex, " The idea of their proposing to destroy by [this, because ' they couldn't bear to look at it !' Keno, too; and Bede Greatorex! they might have known better. I'll take care of it now." Holding it close to one of the candles, the detective scanned it long and intently, comparing the concluding words, uneven, blotted, as if written with an agitated hand, with the plain collected characters of the lines that were undoubtedly Mr. Ollivera's. When he did arrive at a conclusion, it was a summary one, and he put down the paper with an emphatic thump. " May I be shot myself if I believe the two writings is by the same hand !" Mr. Buttorby's surprise may plead excuse for his grammar. He had never, until this moment, doubted that the writing was all done by one person. " I'll show this to an export. People don't write the same at all times ; they'll make their capitals quite different in the same day as any- body with any experience knows. But they don't often make their small letters different neither do more study to alter their usual formation of letters when about to shoot themselves the pen does its work then spontaneous ; naturally. Those small letters are different, several of them the r, the p, those those the d all them are as opposite as light and dark, and I don't think the last was written by Mr. Olli- vera." It was a grave conclusion to come to partially startling even him, who was too much at home with crime and criminals to be startled easily. "Let's assume that it is so for a bit, and see how it works that way," resumed the officer. " We've all been mistaken, let's say a Ollivera did not shoot himself, some one goes in and shoots him. Was it man or woman was it an inmate of the house, or not an inmate ? How came it to be done P. what was the leading cause ? Was the pistol (lying convenient on the table) took up incidental in the course of of talking, and fired by misadventure sordid they got to quarreling and the other shoot him of malice -On was it a planned, deliberate murder, one stealing in to do it in cold blood ? Half a bit here, Jonas B utterly. The first done in misadventure ? No : if any honest man had so shot another, she'd be the first to run out and got a doctor to him No. Disposed of. The second-done in malice during a a quarrel ? Yes; might have been. The third done in planned deliberation P That would be the most likely of all, but for the fact (very curious fact in the supposition of the pistol's having been Mr. Ollivera's, and put (so to say) ready there to hand. Looking at it in either of these two views, there's mystery. The last in regard to the point now mentioned ; the other in regard to the secrecy with which the intruder must have got in- If that drafted girl had been at her post indoors, as she ought to have been, with the chain of the door up, it might never have happened," concluded Mr. Butterby, with acrimony. " Between half-past 7 and 8 ? Noedn't look much before or much beyond that hour. ' Girl says nobody went into the house at all, except Jones' nephew, and Jones' sister-in-law. Jones' nephew did not stay ; be got his book and went off again at half-past 7, close on the heels of Bede Greatorex, Mr. Ollivera being then alive. Presently, nearer 8, Alletha Rye goes in for a pattern, she says, and she stays upstairs, accord sang to the girl's statement, a quarter of an hour." Mr. Butterby came to a sudden pause. He faced the fire now, and sat staring into it as if he were searching for what he could not see " It does not take a quarter of an hour to get a pattern. I should say not. And there was her queer dream, too. Leastways, Ihequeor assertion that she had a dream. Dreams, indeed ! -moonshine. Did she invent that dream as an excuse for having gone into the room to find him And then look at her persistence from the first that it was not a suicide ! And her queer state of mind and manners since ! Dicky Jones told me last night when I met him by the hop-market, that she says she's haunted by Mr. Ollivera's spirit. Why should she be, I wonder? I moon, why should she fancy it It's odd ; very odd. The young woman, up to now, has always shown out sensible, in the short while this city has known her. " That Godfrey Pitman," resumed the speaker. " The way that man's name got brought up by the servant-girl was sudden. I should like to know who he is and what his business might have been. He was in hiding ; that's what he was stopping indoors for a cold and a relaxed throat! No doubt! But it does not follow that because he might have been in some trouble of his own, he had anything to do with the other business and in fact, he couldn't have had, leaving by the 6 o'clock train for Birmingham. So we'll dismiss him. "And now for the result?" concluded Mr. Butterby, with great deliberation. "The result is that I feel inclined to think the young person may be right in laying it will not a suicide. What it was, I can't yet make my mind up to give an opinion upon. Suppose I inquire into things a bit in a quiet manner P-and, to begin with, I'll make a friendly call on Dicky Jones and madam. She won't answer anything that it does not please her to, and it never pleases her to be questioned on the other hand, what she does choose to say can be relied upon, for she'd not tell a lie to save herself from hanging. As to Dicky with that long tongue of his, he can be pumped dry." Mr. Butterby locked up his papers, changed his ornamental coat for a black one, flattened down the coal on his fire, blow out the candles, took his hat, and went away. CHAPTER VI. SODFBBX PITMAN. Mas. JONES was in her parlor, doing nothing ; with the exception of dropping a tart observa- tion from her lips occasionally. At the intelligent reader cannot have failed to observe, tart- ness in regard to tongue was essentially an ele- ment of Mrs. Jones' nature: when anything occurred to annoy her He signs increased four-fold and something had just happened to annoy her very exceedingly. The parlor was not large, but convenient and well fitted-up. A good Uro burnt in the grate, throwing its ruddy light on the bright colors of the crimson carpet and hearth rug; on the small sideboard, with its array of glass on the horsehair chairs, on the crimson cloth covering the centre table, and finally on Mrs. Jones herself and on her sister. Mrs. Jones sat at the table, some work before her, in the shape of sundry packages of hoisery, brought in from the shop to be examined, sorted, and put to rights. But he was not doing it. Miss Rye sat on the other side of the table, watching the Learns of a gown-body by the light of the moderator lamp. The shop was just closed. It had happened that Mr. Jones, about tea time that evening, had strayed into his next door neighbor to got a chat : of which light interludes to business Mr. Jones was uncommonly fond. The bent of the conversation fell, naturally enough, on the recent calamity in Mr. Jones' houses: in fact, Mr. Jones found his neighbor devouring the full account of it in the Friday evening weekly newspaper, just damp from the press. A few minutes, and back went Mr. Jones to his own parlor, his mouth full of news : the purport of which was that the lodger, Godfrey Pitman, who had been supposed to leave the house at half-past 4, to take the Birmingham train, did not really quit it until some two or three hours later. It had not been Mrs. Jones if she had re- frained from telling her husband to hold his tongue for a fool and of asking furthermore whether he had been drinking or dreaming. Upon which Mr. Jones gave his authority for what he said. Their neighbor, Thomas Cause, had watched the lodger go away later with his own eyes. Mr. Cause, a quiet tradesman getting in years, was fetched in, and a skirmish ensued. He asserted that he had seen the lodger come out of the house and go up the street by lamplight, carrying his blue bag and he insisted in the assertion in spite of Mrs. Jones' tongue She declared that he had not soon anything of the sort that either his spectacles of the street lights had deceived him. And neither of them would give in to the other. Leaving matters in this unsatisfactory state of, the neighbor went out again. Mrs. Jones exploded a little, and then had leisure to look at her sister, who had sat still and silent during the discussion. Still and silent she remained ; but her face had turned white, and her eyes were a wild, frightened expression. " What on earth's the matter with you?" demanded Mrs. Jones. " Nothing," said Miss Rye, catching hold of her work with nervous, trembling fingers, "Only I can't bear to hear it spoken of." " If Mr. Pitman didn't go away till later, that accounts for the tallow grass in his room," suddenly interposed Susan Marks, who had been passing in and out of the parlor, and so caught the thread of the matter in dispute. Mrs. Jones turned upon her. I didn't see it till this afternoon," explained the girl. " With all the commotion there has been in the house, I never as much as opened the room door till to-day since Mr. Pitman went out of it. The first thing I see was the carpet covered in drops of tallow grease a whole colony of them and I know they were not there on the Monday afternoon. They be there still. Mrs. Jones went upstairs at once, the maid following her. Sure enough the grease drops were there. Some lay on the square piece of carpet, some on the boarded floor ; but all were very near together. The candlestick and candle, from which they had no doubt dropped, stood on the wash-hand stand at Mrs. Jones' elbow, as she wrathfully gazed. " He must have been fighting of his candle sideways," remarked the girl to her mistress ; " or else have held it asked while hunting for some thing on the floor. if he stopped as late as old Cause says, why in course she'd need a candle." Mrs. Jones went down again her temper by no means improved. She did not like to be de- ceived or treated as though she wore nobody ; neither did she choose that her house should be played with. If the lodger missed his train (as she now supposed he might have done and came back to wait for a later one, his duty was to have announced himself, and asked leave to stay. In spite, however, of the tallow, and of Mr. Cause, she put but little faith in the matter. Shortly after this, there came a ring at the side-door, and Mr. Buttorby's voice was heard in the passage. " Don't say anything to him about it," said Miss Rye, hastily, in a low tone. " About what ?" demanded Mrs. Jones aloud. " About that young man's not going away as soon as we thought he did. It's nothing to him." There was no time for more. Mr. Buttorby was shown in, and came forward with a small present for Mrs. Jones. It was only a bunch of violets ; but Mrs. Jones, in spite of her tartness, was fond of flowers, and received them graciously : calling to Susan to bring a wine-glass of water " I passed a chap, at the top of High-street, with a basket full ; he said he'd sold but two bunches all the evening, so I took a bunch," explained Mr. Buttorby. " It was that gardener's man, Reed, who met with the accident and has been unfit for work since. Knowing you liked violets, Mrs. Jones, I thought I'd just call in with them." He sat down in the chair offered him by the fire, putting his bat in the corner behind. Miss Rye, after saluting him, had resumed work, and sat with her face turned to the table, partially away from his view ; Mrs. Jones at the other side of the table, forced him. " Where's Jones ?" asked Mr. Butterby. " Jones is off as usual," replied Jones' wife " No good to ask where he is after the shop's abut ; often not before it." It was an unlucky question, bringing back all the acrimony which the violets had partially soothed away. Mr. Buttorby coughed, and began talking of recent events in a sociable, friendly manner, just as if he had been Mrs. Jones' brother, and never in his life heard of such a rare animal as a detective. " It's an uncommon annoying thing to have had happen in your house, Mrs. Jones ! As if it couldn't he would have took place in anybody else's ! There's enough barristers lodging in the town at assize time, I hope. But there ! looks everything. I'd have given five shillings out of my pocket to have stopped it." " So would for his sake as well as for mine," was Mrs. Jones' answer. And she seized one of the of spor parcels and jerked off the string. " Have you had any more dreams, Miss Rye?" "No," replied Miss Rye, holding her stitching closer to the light for a moment. " That one was enough." "Dreams is curious things, not to be despised, observed crafty Mr. Butterby ; than whom there was not a man living despised dreams, as well as those who professed to have them, more than he. "But I've knowed so called dreams to be nothing in the world but waking thoughts. Are you sure that one of yours was a dream, Miss Rye ?" " I would rather not talk of it, if you please," she said. " Talking cannot bring Mr. Ollivera back to life." " What makes you persist in thinking he did not kill himself?" Mr. Butterby had gradually edged his chair forward on the hearth-rug, so as to obtain a side view of Miss Rye's face. Perhaps he was surprised, perhaps not, to see it suddenly flush, and then became deadly pale. "Just you look hero, Miss Rye. If he did not do it, somebody else did. And I should like to glean a little insight as to whether or not there are grounds for that new light e, is there any to be gleaned." " Why, what on earth ! are you taking up that crotchet, Butterby?" The interruption came from Mrs. Jones. That goes without telling, as the French say. Mr. Buttorby turned to warm his hands at the blaze, speaking mildly enough to disarm an enemy. " Not I I should like to show your sister that her suspicions were wrong : she'll worry herself into a skeleton, OIBO. Seo bore : whatever happened, and however it happened, it must have been between half-past 7 and 8. You were in the place part of that half-hour, Miss Rye, and heard nobody." " I have already said so." " Shut up in your room at the top of the house ; looking for what was it a parcel ?" " A pattern. A pattern of a BICOVO. But I had to open parcels, for I couldn't find it, and stayed searching. It had slipped between one drawer and another at the back." "It must have took you some time," remarked Mr. Buttorby, keeping his face and one eye on the genial fire and the other eye on Miss Rye. " I suppose it did. Susan says I was upstairs a quarter of an hour, but I don't think it was so long as that. 8 o'clock struck after I got back to Mrs. Wilson's." Mr. Buttorby paused. Miss Rye resumed after a minute. "I don't think anyone could have come in legitimately without my hearing them on the stairs. My room is not at the top of the house it is on the same floor as Mrs. Jones' ; the back room, immediately over the bedroom that was occupied by Mr. Ollivera. My door was open, and the drawers in which I was searching stood close to it. If any-" " What do mean by legitimate ?" interrupted Mr. Buttorby, turning to take a full look at the speaker. " Openly ; with the noise one usually makes in coming upstairs. But if anyone crept in secretary, of course I should not have heard it. Susan persists in declaring she never lost sight of the front door at all I don't believe her." "Nobody does believe hor," snapped Mrs. Jones, with a King at the socks. "She con- fesses now that she ran in twice or thrice to look to the fires." Oh she does, does she," cried Mr. Buttorby. " Leaving the door open, I suppose ?" " Leaving it to take care of itself. She says she shut it I say I know she didn't. Put it at the best, it was not fastened-, and anybody might have opened it and walked in that had a mind to, and robbed the house. The visitor, sitting so unobtrusively by the fire, thought he discerned a little glimmer of possibility breaking in amidst the utter darkness. "But, as the house was not robbed, why we must conclude nobody did come in," he observed. "As to the verdict, I don't see, you, any reason for Miss Rye's disputing it. Mr. Ollivera was a favorite, I suppose." The remark did not please Miss Rye. Her cheek flushed, her work fowl, and she arose from her out to turn on Mr. Buttorby. " The verdict was a wrong verdict. Mr. Olli- vera was a good and brave, and just man : never a better went out of the world." " If I don't believe you were in love with him !" cried Mr. Buttorby. "Perhaps I was," came the unexpected answer ; but the speaker seemed to be in too much agitation to heed greatly what she said. " It would not have hurt either him or me." Gathering her work, cotton, scissors in her hands she, went out of the room. At the same moment, there arrived a couple of visitors, come, without ceremony, to got an hour's chat with Mrs. Jones. Catching up his hat, Mr. Butterby dexterously slipped out and disappeared. The street was tolerably empty. He took up his position at the edge of the pavement facing the house, and surveyed it critically. As if he did not know all its aspects by heart ! Some few yards higher up, the house of Mr. Cause and the linen draper alone intervening, there was a wide opening, bearing the euphonious title of Boar Entry, which led right into an obscure part of the town. By taking this, and execut- ing a few turnings and windings, the railway station might be approached without touching on the more public streets. " Yes, said the police agent to himself, calculating possibilities, " that's how it might have been done. Not that it was, though : I'm only putting it. A fellow might have slipped out of the door while that girl was in at her fires, out down Boar Entry, double book again along Goose Land, and so gain the rail." Turning up the street with a brisk step, Mr, Buttorby found himself face to face with Thomas Cause, who was standing within the shade of his side door. Exceedingly affable when it suited him to be so, he stopped to say a good evening. "How d'ye you do, Cause? A fine night, isn't it?" " Lovely weather ; shall pay for it later. Has she recovered her temper yet?" continued Mr. Cause. " I saw you come out." Which was decidedly a rather mysterious addition to the answer. Mr. Buttorby naturally enquired what it might mean, and had his ears gratified with the story of Godfrey Pitman's later departure, and of Mrs. Jones angry dis belief in it. Never had those cars listened more keenly. "Are you and it was the man ?" be asked, cautiously. " If it wasn't him, it was his ghost," said Mr. CLUB. I was standing bore on the Monday night, just a step or two for order on the pave ment, little thinking that a poor gentleman was shooting himself within a few yards of me, and saw a man come out of Jones' side door. When he was close up, I know him in a moment for the same tra voile, with the same blue bag in his hand, I saw go in with Miss Rye on the Sunday week previous. He came out of the house quietly, his head pushed forward at first looking up the street and down the street, and then turned out sharp, whisked past me as hard as he could walk, and went down Bear Entry. It seemed to me that he didn't want to be seen." But that detectives' hearts] are too hard for emotion, this one's might have beaten a little faster as he listened. It was so exactly what he had been fancifully tracing to himself at the time I agery course of a guilty man. Stealing out of the house down Bear Entry, and is up to the railway station ! " What time was it ?" " What time is it now in returned Mr. Cause and the other took out his watch. "five-and-thirty minutes past 7." " Then it was as high the same time on Monday night, as high as high can be. I shut up my shop at the usual hour, and I stood here afterwards just about as long as I've stood here now, I like to take a breath of fresh air, Mr. Butterby, when the labors of the day are over." " Fresh air's good for all of us-that can get it," said Mr. Buttorby, with a sniff of the air around him. "What sort of a looking man was this Godfrey Pitman ?" "A well-grown, straight man; got a lot of black hair about his face ; whiskers, and beard, and moustaches." "Young ?" Thirty, perhaps. In reading the account in the Herald this evening, I saw Jones' folks gave evidence that he had left at half-past 4 to catch the Birmingham train. I told Jones it was a mistake, and he told his wife and didn't Bho fly out ! As if she need have put herself in a tantrum over that 'twas a matter of no consequence." In common with the rest of the town, not a gleam of suspicion that the death was otherwise than the verdict pronounced it to be, had been admitted by Mr. Cause. He went on enlarging on the grievance of Mrs. Jones' attack upon him. " She'd not hear a word ; Jones fetched me in there. She told me to my face that, between spectacles and the deceitful rays of street lamps, one come to my age was unable to distinguish black from white, round from square She said I must have mistaken the gentleman, Mr. Greatorex, for Godfrey Pitman, or else Jones'' nephew, both of them having gone out about the same time. I could got in a word edgeways, I assure you, Mr. Buttorby, and Dicky Jones can bear me out that I couldn't. Let it go ; 'tis of no moment ; I don't care to quarrel with my neighbors' wives." Mr. Butterby thought it was of a great deal of moment. He changed the subject to something else with apparent carelessness, and then took a leisurely departure Turning off at the top of High-street, he increased his pace, and went direct to the railway station. The most intelligent porter employed there was a man named Hall. It was his duty to be on the platform when trains were starting and as the detective had previous cause to know, few of those who did depart escaped his observation. The 8 o'clock train for London was on the point of departure Mr. Butterby waited under some sheds until it had gone Now for Hull, thought he. As if to echo the words the first person to approach the sheds was Hall himself. In a diplomatic way, Mr. Buttorby, when he had made known, his presence, began putting enquiries about a matter totally foreign to the one he had come upon. " By the way, Hall, he suddenly said, when the man thought he was done with, " there was a Mond of mine went away last Monday evening, but I'm not cure by which train. I wonder if you happened to see him here ? A well grown, straight man, with black beard and whiskers about thirty." Hall considered, and shook his head. " I've no recollection of any one of that description, sir." " Got a blue bag in his hand. He might have went by the 5 o'clock train, or later. At 8 most likely at this hour you know." " So I did," said the porter, suddenly. " Just the man you describe, sir and I remember that it struck me I had seen his face before. It might have been only fancy ; I had not much of a look at him he got mixed with the other passengers, and went away quickly. I recollect the blue bag. He went by the 8 train." One prominent quality in Mr. Butterby was pertinacity. Let him take up an idea of his own accord, however faint, and it took a vast deal to got it out of him. An obstinate man was he in his self-conceit. Anybody who knew Mr. Butterby well, and could have seen his thoughts as in a glass, might have known he would be slow to take up the doubts against Godfrey Pit- man, because he had already taken them up against another. "I don't like it," he presently resumed. " Look at it in the best light, he knows some thing of the matter ; more than she likes to be questioned about. Put the cue, Jonas Butterby. Here's a sober, sensible, steady young woman, superior to half the women going, thinking only of her regular duties, nothing to conceal, open and cheerful as the day. That's how she was till this happened. And now Goes home on the Monday night at night 11 o'clook (not to speak yet of what pasted up to that hour), sits over the parlor fire after other folks had went to bed, ' thinking,' as she puts it. Goes up later, can't sleep drops asleep towards morning, and dreams that Mr. Ollivera dead. Gets flurried at inquest (Iaawit, though others mightn't) ; tramps to see him buried, stands on the fresh grave, and tells the public he did not commit suicide. How does she know he didn't ? Come Mrs. Jones is ten times aharpor- sightod, and she has no doubt. Says next to her sister in confidence (and Dicky repeat it to me as a choice bit of gossip) that she's haunted by Ollivera's spirit. " I don't like that," pursued Mr. Butterby, after a revolving pause. When folks are haunted by dead man's spirits-loaitwayi, fancy they are it bodes a conscience not at rest in regard to the dead. To-night her face was pale and red by turns ; her fingers shook so they had to clutch her work j she won't talk of it ; she left the room to avoid me. And," continued Mr. Butterby, " she was the only one, so far as can be you soon, that was for any length of time in the house between half-past 7 and 8 on Monday evening. A quarter of an hour finding a sleeve pattern " I don't say it was her I've not got as far as that yet, by a long way. I don't yet lay it was not as the jury brought it in. But she was in the house for that quarter of an hour, undo counting for her stay in acoordance with any probability; and I'm inclined to think that Godfrey Pitman must have been out of it before the harm was done Nevertheless, appearances is deceitful, deductions sometimes wrong, and while I keep a sharp eye on the lady, I shall look you up, Mr. Godfrey Pitman." One drawback afloat the "looking up" was and Mr. Butterby felt slightly conscious of it as he rose from his seat before the fire-that he had never seen Godfrey Pitman in his life I and did not know whence he came or whither he might have gone. BUD OF THE MALCOLM. 