GHOSTS. [A CORRESPONDENT sends us the following, and vouches for the accuracy of the statement of facts therein contained.] Allow me to introduce the dramatis personae: —Myself a youth of twenty summers, an utter disbeliever in ghosts; Mr H., a gentleman in business in Sydney; Mrs H., wife of same, a tern, decided, educated woman; Miss H., sister of Mr H., an old maid, say forty years old, much given to Beethoven's sonatas performed with much vigor and no feeling upon a piano forte ; Sophie 8., only daughter of the before mentioned Mrs H. by a former husband, a handsome, educated, engaging, intelligent girl, same age as myself; I will call myself James, and say I am the promised husband of Sophie. It was on the 23rd of April, 1866, St. George's day, when the statue of " Albert the Good," in Hyde Park, Sydney, was unveiled in presence of a large concourse of people, with the volun- teers, military, firemen, and friendly societies all drawn up in order around. And here I must mention that Miss H, the maiden lady before mentioned, had left Sydney a few days before in one of the White Star line of ships for London. We, that is all the persons described, except Miss H., had been to see the statue unveiled, and had returned to Mr H.'s residence in one of the loveliest suburbs of Sydney, and after a pleasant evening with my betrothed I departed for my father's house about 10 o'clock, and after my usual pipe with the " paternal" retired to rest. It was my habit to call for Mr H. on my way to business, and to walk with him into the city. On the next morning, April 24,1866,-I am particular about dates—I called as usual, and while waiting for Mr H. Sophie came into the sitting-room, and after our usual morning salute she said "Oh, James, such a curious thing happened me last evening after you left. I was sitting on the settee where you left me, and I must have fallen into a sort of dream. I fancied you had not gone, but were still sitting beside me, when we both (as I thought) dis- tinctly heard my aunt's (Miss H.) step coming down the stairs. (Here I must mention a peculiarity in Miss H.s step, she always came down stairs stepping as it were one foot heavier than the other.) I thought I said to you 'There is aunt's step on the stairs.' You laughed at me, considering my aunt is now some distance on her voyage; but still we heard the step coming along the hall. It stopped at the door, and you immediately rose to open it. I shall never forget your look when you saw absolutely as I did Miss H. standing at the door. You looked perfectly aghast. I thought my aunt advanced towards me, and said twice, in her usual voice, but very reproachfully, "Why did you not tell me my mother was dead ?' After these words she retraced her steps, and we heard her as I thought retire to her room." Of course I laughed at Sophie for her dream, as I called it, but she persisted in taking a note of the day and hour. Three months after, a letter arrived from England, stating that old Mrs H—that is, Mr H.'s mother—had died on the 23rd of April, at a quarter past 10 p.m. Thus ends my chapter on Ghosts. It only con- firms many instances of a similar nature de- scribed in the first volume of " All the Year Round." I will make no comment. You can give my name to anyone wishing confirmation of the above. I leave it to yourself. AN OPIUM EATER- De Quincey, in his "Con - fessions of an Opium-eater," has given us a picture of the delights experienced by indulging in the narcotic, which would be tempting enough to some minds, did not the miserable condition of the patient in his waking state serve as a horrible warning. Dr Porqueville, in his " Voyage en Morée," gives a description of a case related by an English embassador to an Indian king. This high personage having been led to a sumptuous apartment, in a short time two slaves, bearing a litter approached. Upon the litter, covered with shawls of great value, a human form was borne, to all appear- ance dead. Presently, however, an officer in attendance produced a bottle in which a bluish looking liquid appeared. The ambassador, thinking he was the involuntary witness of some funeral ceremony, wished to retire; but he was soon undeceived, upon observing one of the officers raise the head of this apparently lifeless being, replace the tongue which was hanging from the mouth, and make it swallow some black liquid, at the same time closing the mouth, and gently rubbing the throat in order to facilitate its passage. When this operation had been re- peated five or six times, the figure opened its eyes and closed its mouth of its own accord; it then swallowed, without assistance, another large dose of the liquid, and in less than an hour became revived, and sat up upon the couch, having somewhat recovered its natural colour and the partial use of its limbs. He then addressed the envoy in person, and asked him the object of his mission. For nearly two hours this extra- ordinary being remained perfectly conscious, and capable of transacting business of the greatest importance. The English ambassador took the liberty of asking some questions con- cerning the strange scene which he had witnessed. " Sir," he replied, " I have long been an opium- eater, and by degrees have fallen into this deplorable condition. I pass three parts of the day in the torpid state in which you have seen me. Although incapable of moving or speaking, I retain my consciousness, and during this time I am surrounded by the most delightful visions; but I should never awake if I was not surrounded by zealous and affectionate attendants, who watch over me with the most anxious solicitude." 