TALK ON 'CHANGE, (FOR THE, AUSTRALASIAN.) "I will lay Kill you, toll with you, talk with you -9lUK8l>KV«E. 1 ' -Qu J mqiinui riflemen Cicero verna Quid vetat? "-HORACE. I don't think I have ever soon more feverish excitement on 'Change, not even during that halcyon period known as " the Inkermann rush," than on last Tuesday afternoon. The oxcitementculminated when rumours got abroad that the Prussians were in Paris, and that Bismarck had placed L'Irnporatricd England (in strong hysterics) under lock and key in a coal-hole at the Tuileries. One could hardly believe that neutrals could take so deep an interest as we evince in the battles of two alien nations. As usual, the sympathy was clearly with the Prussians, an instinct for which many who acknowledge the feeling fail to account satisfactorily even to themselves. On the one hand, the talk was that France had precipitated a needless war-that the Emperor had broken the peace of Europe in order to turn French attention away from domestic politics, and that the secret treaty was evidence of mala fides. On the other side the talk was that France had grounds for resenting Prussia exercising, even indirectly, any predominating influence in Spain,- as such placed Franco, literally, between the devil and the deep-sea; that Prussia's policy offers no points for British admiration or sympathy-that she hung back from alliance from England in the Crimean campaign, when France was our ally that she plundered Denmark only because the latter was a weaker power-that she is not quite free from complicity in that mooted secret treaty. Besides this, the Emperor has kept good faith with England, and even now entrusts his boy and his jewel case, not to Monsieur Cecil or the Marquis de Cela, but to plain Smith, of the Legation in London. On the whole, there is little doubt that in a purely selfish aspect it is better for British possessions abroad that France should be the vanquished. She alone, of the two combatants, is dangerous at sea. So perhaps it is just as well that events are shap- ing as they are. On the flags, brokers of a humorous turn (there are such persons became painfully facetious in offering to sell Emperors and Prince Imperials at reduced rates. The demand wasn't strong in the face of probable forfeiture. One gentleman, not unfamiliar with the delicate banter of the auction room, averred that the Emperor intended to abrogate forthwith. We had a lively illustration, too, of the law of supply and demand. As the Extraordinary brigade rushed breathless in never-ending fill, the first at the Hall of Commerce demanded a shilling a copy. For perhaps a minute and a half the first and second arrivals pocketed ready shillings, but as fresh supplies poured in again upon the market, the buyers resisted the advance, and are two minutes elapsed there was a fall of 50 per cent. "'Strornariea" fell to the normal sixpence, and even at that price the buyers were at length full. There were even unsold balances.Howtheseultimatelywerodisposedof we had a characteristic illustration. A well known solicitor of imposing bulk, agreeable address, and with a strong sense of right, was in the neighbourhood at the time of issue of the Third Edition of The Argus, containing fuller news of the war. A consenting eye ' brought upon him the attention of two vendors of larger size than ordinary. After a violent struggle, in which the customer's hat was all but knocked off, the one who had last attracted my friend's attention occupied the [post of 'vantage, but he being a just man, so I would only purchase of the dealer who had first addressed him. After receiving payment, the triumphant seller removed himself with suspicious alacrity, and the men of law found that he had bought a Second Edition, a copy of which had been in his pocket for an hour at least. His sense of justice won't carry him so far next time, and when he does buy another newspaper extra, he means to pay by results, and read it first. The bombers are becoming thoroughly civilised. They have sounded the entire gamut, and are just now amongst the high notes. They can even afford the luxury of law. In New Zealand, the Maori chiefs at the Thames are evincing their appreciation of the British code by filing their schedules in orthodox Christian fashion, with liabilities most respectable in amount, and showing a deficiency of which the most accomplished financier need not be ashamed. But we can rival even that in Victoria, A Chinese gentleman has sought a divorce from an unfaithful Christian wife, and has obtained the relief desired. It only remains for some dusky son of the soil - some bare-legged, blanket , wrapped warrior from the swamps of Mordialloc, to institute a suit in the Court of Arches upon some point of ritualistic etc ' quette the colour of a stone, or the cut of a I chasuble. The professors of soul-saving are, by the way, breaking out in a new direction. 1 instead of foolishly squabbling about most points of doctrine or ceremony, they are endeavouring to outshine each other in the smartness of their equipages. A jovial son of St. Peter took his pair along with so easy a grace and so neat a turn of the wrist that an eloquent dissenting minister has entered the Hippodrome against him. The drag of the sporting Major, I am told, is now the chariot of a soldier of the Church militant, but the mantle of John has not fallen upon the shoulders of his clerical successor there is less of the artist in his disposition of the ribbons. I don't think society evinces sufficient sympathy with the narrator of the joke antique. Jokes by the score are handed down by tra- dition they flourish for a generation and disappear for a time. Unless, therefore, old stories were sometimes resuscitated, the new generation would lose a vast accumulation of harmless fun. There are cycles of jokes, just as there are cycles of fashion. In fact, so many ancient jests are afloat, that the possessor of " the latest" recounts it with fear and trembling, lest his spirits may be dashed with "My dear boy, a capital story. Heard it from kinds of the Diehards at Portsmouth, in 1827. Heard it not more than 50 times since. 'Pon my word, I believe I invented it myself." Depressing as is such a circumstance to a sensitive mind, it would be a far worse contingency if the fear of repetition dammed up all the fountains of humour. Wit like water, evaporates, and is again precipitated, and yet we don't jeer at rain as being a second-hand article. Isn't it almost as agreeable to have one's memory of an old joke revived, as to be the recipient a garish brand-new witticism wanting in thomollowing effects of all-powerful time? The best story may be spoilt in the tolling of it. There is as much difference in the method of narration as in the bouquet of that freshly decanted bottle of white seal, and the contents of the dusty decanter out of which the stopper has been accidentally loft. There is a philosophy of jokes, just as there is a philosophy of science, politics, or morals. Just opposite the haunt of the merchant the happy hunting-ground of that picker-up of unconsidered trifles, the sharebroker of every-day life there is a tailor's shop. In the windows are displayed various fashion plates, but the business chiefly affected is the clerical. The stuff-gown of Geneva hangs peacefully and unargumontativoly beside the rich altar robe of the florid minded churchman. But there is a peculiarity about the illustrations in this tailor's window. There are pictorial parsons, with feet, and hands, and robes, and everything but-heads. Is this fragment of humanity indulging in a little quiet satire at tho expense of his patrons? Listening to the average of Sabbath-day sermons, can one imagine anything more preposterous than the suggestion of a person without a head ? Are there any existing statistics of deaths by Yarra water? Deadly as has been the i brandy flask, I think even more despairing creatures have sought relief from earthly woes by Pi inccs-bridge hydropathy. The most pathetic ballad in the English language has had its topic exemplified a hundred times upon the gloomy Styx-likobanksof the ever-flowing. There must be some strange weird fascination in this sluggish ditch of death. How many pale ghosts must shiver on its brink pre- suming that ghosts do shiver, or that there are ghosts at all. Murder, accident, suicide, combine to swell a total which, if set down in plain columns of figures, would appal the stoutest. We can't, however, fence in the river we can't fill it up we want it for the oarsmen, and for the maintenance of a periodical flood excitement. So I suppose we must just row on and drown ourselves as heretofore. There is a woolwasher whom I am strongly tempted to name in order that he might achieve the celebrity he thoroughly deserves. This person shipped in a wet state a quantity of wool entrusted to him to be scoured. Now, I don't suppose that a man who put on board a vessel a case of gunpowder and lucifer matches well-mixed and packed loosely, would ship a commodity many degrees more dangerous than wet wool. In this case, discovery was made in time, debates were remanded, and the sheep wool scourer was remonstrated with. Nothing disturbed at the possible contingency of a burning passenger ship in mid-ocean which had been averted, he said, "Nothing to me ; I got a clean receipt " Little wonder that a bystander of bulk immediately and prudently removed himself, acknowledging as he did so an overwhelming temptation to wring the neck of the cold-blooded mercenary. So the new National Bank building is at length finished and occupied. My verdict is that the banking room is the handsomest, best lighted, and most commodious in the city, I could have forgiven the decorator had he conformed more closely to the character of the Hon. Robert Lowe, as depicted whilst receiving his degree at the last Oxford Commemoration. Although he may be well prodigies, has certainly has not been oria frugatissimus. There is too many suggestive brass or bronze on the bank furniture. This, however, may be hyper criticism. The old bank they tell me is to be reopened as a restaurant. We shan't starve in Collins-street, if we have but money in our pockets. In East Bourke no English wanted." There is retorted upon the Sassenach that ancient insult of London housekeepers to Celtic serving-women-"no Irish need apply." The East BouvkoBorough8havo now to choose between the Irish Mr.Beuoett and the Scottish Mr, Ramsay. They much desired they Scottish. Mr. Balfour, but the English Mr. Hornby, who ventured to feel his way a little, was glad enough to retire incontinently. When the Legislature contains nothing but Scotch- men, there may be a chance for the down-trodden nationalities. Depend upon it the MncSnndics will begin to quarrel amongst themselves when there is nothing but kilt and shilling on the leather-covered benches. And talking of nationalities, the Irish in Victoria have not much ground of complaint. A barrister lately returned from circuit; describes how in one case the judge was Irish, so was counsel on either side, so was the Crown solicitor, ditto the attorney for the defence ; the jury looked Irish ; the Court crier enforced silence in the mellifluous accents of Connemara ; the witnesses were policemen who had worn the uniform of the Irish constabulary and the prisoner was Irish I had almost said of course. That was a great day for Ireland. In the evening bar and bench dined together, and to the dismay of my friend, whose proficiency in modern languages was limited, the guests, after dinner, began to talk in Irish. They subsequently apologised. The company took him too for an Irishman, because his name commenced with a capital O ! There reaches us on 'Change occasionally a bit of outside theatrical gossip. There is a story about the narration of which will not, I hope, trench upon the ground of your dramatic critic. It is said that an eminent foreign actor engaged himself to a quartette of managers to perform in certain plays under their direction, he was no sooner announced to appear in some particular pieces than one of the managerial quartette, in his capacity of agent of the Dramatic Authors' Society, demanded of the actor a money penalty if he appeared in the announced parts. The actor thus found himself pretty much in the condition of the victim of a severe cross rough at whist. If be played in the prohibited dramas, he was in for the penalties at the suit of one member of the corporate management. If so I refused to play in them, he was liable to be sued for breach of contract by the corporate manager as a whole. So the actor played and paid. This is the way to encourage the advent of talent. LEG LES. 