THEATRE ROYAL— THE MATHEWS' SEASON lLES Scene. — Diningroom, in Mr. Gootlfnih , East. Melbourne. Mr., and Mrs 8 "c, J ulta Good/other discovered at breakfast 184 Julia : Another cup of tea. nlon. d i Mm. G : With pur/l dalr uia you iikc tno actinj of C larics Mnti,. , ow night, Julia ? " B 'oevs, ast Julia: I was quito disappointed wl mamma, it .wasn't acting at all TlwJ." "''J, beautiful dresses, no spangles, no fichtlM"0'10 der, no bluo firo, no ghosts walked and talked just lfico papa does J1? 8 sure papa s no nctor. ' n'-1 1 nx Atu. G. ( Clapping his hands J : Eravo 1 . What do you think of that for a onmn?- 9 1 Master Charley ? Julia shall go again. nt» Tho above is a record of what actually oe ' currcd a day or two ago. "To hold th mirror up to nature" was Shaksporo's W ideal of acting. Our intelligent little friend Miss Julia unwittingly gave a striking ill,, tration of tho fact. Tho general public h " grown so accustomed to melodramatic sensationalism, trashy burlesque !!, Tommy Doddism, as to ho almost incanahl of determining tho difference between pinch heck and the truo metal. Dion Boucicanle" told the Loudon public the othor dav tw SUakspere spelt1 " ruin," and that " mosa meant " crowded houses." AnvfV calculated to restore us to a more hnilf?8 state of things deserves the warmest simrll of those who believe that art is tho truo o ponent of the ethical condition of the noonl»' Now, Mr. Charles Mathews is par ISlll one of the best artists of the age T; hi scholar, tlio gentleman, and tho actor - blended into one harmonious whole It w therefore, pleasant to gaze upon the S of boxes, stalls, pit, and galleiy on Sato- day night. The " Game of Specula tion," the first piece presented, j. an adaptation of " Mercedet" a no«ifhi,L- work by tlio celebrated H. do Balzac Th« adapter, Slingshy Lawrence, tells us tiiat hi. version of the comedy was written in low than thirteen houra, and produced after only two rehearsals— a fact worth recording when it is remembered how admirably It w playod in tho great Crystal Palace year Mr. Lawrence adds, "Charles Matliews' whom I regard as the most accomplished living actor, played Mr. Affable Ha4 in a stylo which would havo carried any pieCa triumphantly." That this praise was not undeserved, was made abundantly evident to those who watched the perplexities, hone, and fears that harassed tho bosom of the "Napoleon of Finance" tlio night beforo last. The Game of Speculation " simply means the character of Mr. Affable Hawk a Micawbcrish speculator of tho very fit water— a man who would havo gloried in the "Corner," orrevelledunderthe "Verandah." The plot is meagre. Mr Affable Hawk is eur- rounded by hungry creditors, whose incessant demands for money aro met by dVafts upon the imagination with a fertility of invention unparalleled in tlie world of Swindledom. Like Sheridan, Mr. Affable Hawk could soften the heart of a creditor. Such is the reality of the performance, so life-like is it that one is inclined to accept the fiction for Lord CampMl once said that a difficulty meant something to be overcome It is just m this sense that Mr. Mathews plays tbe Gaiuo of Speculation. Oilv ' unctuous and wheedling, ho surmounts every obstacle, and turns even anger and impecn- niosity into love and generosity. Tlio acting both with regard to action and utterance was studded with points. Tho pei former seemed to relish the part lie had to play Everything that dropped from his lips had a tivang with it. Tho pantomime of the haims, while gloating over liiB success at pulling the strings" with his creditors, was humorous m tho extreme, aud evoked the liveliest manifestations of mirthful cx- citcinont. To enter into details is needless. All tho town will make aeqnaintauce of tho Knight of tho Affable Countenance. We cannot,'ho\vevor, omit noticing tho glorious inspiration with which ho throw out the (threw out— yes, that s lust what we mean), " How tho devil should I know it V' when informed of tho arnval of the real cock-sparrow from India, Vbo can forgot his delicious appeal to his duns? " .Look at me — lam one of you. J, too, am a croditor ! Magnificent deve lopment of human faculty 1" It was a grace beyond tho realms of art ! A finer coup dc theatre was never witnessed. Some objections havo been made as to the morale f comedy, but that it "points a moral and adorns a tale,", will bo seen from tho following words with which Sir Affable Hawk brings the piece to a close:— "At parting accept one word of advice from a map of tho world! When adversity comes, wait. Don't follow old Weller's ad vice, and run for . a halter at once, but bear up manfully and cheerfully— go round with tho world and bide your time. I dare not, I confess, attempt to justify tho unwarrantable means I have adopted to keep my head above water, .?.US'1 w0 know that a drowning man will catch at a straw. Still, this I do say- while avoiding my errors, imitate the energy, perseverance and good humour with which I formed a raft to float on till succor arrived ; and if you are honest fellows at heart, and really wiBli to pay, you will get into smooth water at JaBt, depend on it- only play your game boldly and steadily till some good card turns up, then reap tho reward of your courage and your toil, hum the cards, and eschewfor ever — as I shall do — the 'game of speculation.'" This was exquisitely delivered, and brought down tho curtain with thunders of applause. Mr. Bartlett merits a note of commendation for the manner in which he played Sir Harry Lester. His attempts to victimise tho "Napoleon of Finance," when seeking to raise money on Irish bonds, ana Irish salt marshes, alias the seashores, was very amusing. The Earthworm of Mr. Rogers was iu every way a most commend able performance. Mr, Gladstone, as Noble, looked tho very reverse of tho meaning of that word. What a stone of a manager it must be that could ever expect that such an nctor could glad the heart of Hawk's pretty daughter. In the afterpiece Mr. Mathews played Woolgather in his own farce of " Out of Sight out of Mind." This is a charming bit of absurdity, in which tho hero delights in displaying all sorts of feats of absence of mind. lie mistakes Ins maid for his wife, a plate for a sovereign, an umbrella fora hat, From the first scene to the lest the audience was convulsed with laughter, and when he told Mary to go to her Jerry, tho merriment was unbounded. In tno course of tho evening Mr. Mathews waff called four times before tho curtain. FHio same bill will be repeated till further notice. 