SERMONS AND MEDIEVaL CHURCH GOING -m In a review of Mr. Jeafireson's work, entitled " A Book about the Clergy," the Spectator says : Beginning with the written sermons which were so obnoxious to the Puritans, and which were called " bosom sermons," from being taken out of the bosom folds of the clergyman's gown when he entered the pulpit, we are led through a full account of the ancient discourses. The Puritans thought written sermons be- tokened indolence, but they held above all that a sacred . orator should speak with the immediate inspiration of the Holy Ghost. When Bishop Bull, as a young man, was officiating as a minister near Bristol, he dropped the notes of his sermon, and the congregation thinking he was preaching from a book, excited at the prospect of his not being able to continue. But he silenced their laughter by a burst of unstudied eloquence which showed that he had no cause to rely on his manuscript. In those days the audience did not preserve its present discreet silence. If a sermon was popular it was greeted with humming," that is, with " a monotonous purring noise made by repeating very rapidly in an undertone the words, * Hear, hear, hear.' " We may remember Sydney Smith's description of the embarrassment caused him by a similar sound proceeding from Lord Dudley and Ward during one of his sermons. Yet the early English congregations did not confine themselves to expressions of approval. If a sermon gave offence there was at first an ominous silence, and then came inarticulate groanB. Thus public opinion could be brought summarily to bear, instead of venting its dissatisfaction out in the street, Where the unfavourable criticisms rarely come in their native vigour to the preacher's ears. The comparative frequency of sermons rendered them naturally more elaborate, and gave them a greater significance, than is the case at present. We are told, that Henry VIII: considered four sermons a year enough for a congregation. Our modern Sunday services and exactly a hundred to the number. An unwritten etiquette requires every parish clergyman to preach morning and afternoon, while some have a further sermon in the evening, and we remember One pastor who preached every saint's day to the village school- children and his own family. Mr. Jeaffreson shows that in. Henry "VIII's time many preachers exceeded the required number, but there must be clergymen now who would be glad if the present number were to be diminished. Another subject on which we find some curious details is the gradual growth of the pew system. t Pews do not appear to have existed before the Reformation. There were few of them in the churches of London during the reign of Henry VIII., and Sir Thomas More protested against those which were to be found there. Under Elizabeth they were generally introduced, though there were contentions and even riots about them as late as the time of Charles I. It may be said that the new system was an improvement on the state of things which preceded it, when the body of the church was a lounge for the idle and the lovers of gossip, or was used at certain times for a fair or market. We quote Mr. JeaffreBon's description of the manners of a feudal congregation :-" One bad I result of the" ancient social use of the Christian temple was the air 1 irreverent familiarity that distinguished the mediaeval Church assemblies during Divine service. On such occasions | the public quarteT was never without a due complement of frequenters, but their dress and conduct were such that the spectators whose religious proclivities were in the direction of Lollardy had cause to disapprove the lightness and inquietude of the gossipping throng. The women donned their brightest attire ere they set out for church on sacred days and on entering the place of worship they often showed that their presence in the house of prayer was quite as much due to love of the world as to delight in holy thoughts. Having duly crossed themselves half-a-score times, knelt on the bare floor for ten minutes, and muttered a few prayers to the road, they deemed themselves at liberty to look about for their admirers and prattle to their acquaint I ance. The ladies of superior degree very often had put sparrow has kB perched on their wrists and toy hounds following close at their heels. The case was the same with the men, who having walked to church on the look out for wild birds and four-legged game, brought their hounds and falcons into the sacred edihce-where the chants of the choir and rolling melodies of the organ were often marred by the barking of dogs, the jangling of hawk-bells, and the screams of children terrified by the noise of savage mastiffs. And while this riot was going on in the nave, the priests in the quire or chancel would put their heads together and gossip about the latest scandals of their chapter or of the neighbourhood, make engagements for pleasure meetings after service, and exchange opinions on the newest affairs of politics." _____^_____>___ A kew Application op Water Power. " H. J. W." notes the discovery of a new store of force for modern engineers :-.' The works at Mont Cenis have all used, as motive power, the waterfalls, which are sufficiently abundant in the neighbourhood, and apparently with sufficient success. It certainly. 1 seems strange enough to speak of the power of falling water as a new force, but though water has been at work turning mills since, probably, the time of Moses, if not before, this seems to be the first time that it has been used in works of such magnitude as the, Mont Cenis tunnel. If the aspirations of the French engineers are carried out, Switzerland, as being the most mountainous country in Europe, is likely to cut us out entirely. Her waterfalls will render our coal mines useless. However, we have Wales and the Highlands to fall back on, to say nothing of all the Lake district ; Stock Gill Force may come to merit its name in more senses than one. It may also be some consolation to us to consider that waterfalls are not usually in the most accessible parts of the world, and the difficulty of getting raw material up the side of a precipice may to some extent counterbalance the ease with which you can manufacture it when you have got it to the top. Altogether, the coal mines are in case, and the waterfalls, as motive powers, only in posse; so our manufacturers need not yet hurry themselves to migrate to Switzerland or the banks of Niagara." The Body on Burns The face of the poet has been seen twice since the day of his burial. The removal of the body in 18 To gave an opportunity for again beholding the aspect of the dead bard. The features were then easily recognised and old friends traced, even in the marble stillness of the sleeper, the yet expressive outlines of his countenance. Another nineteen years passed away, and then the body of Mrs. Burns was placed near the remains of her husband The phrenologists could not resist the temptation to illustrate their science by a full examination of such a poet's head. The cranium was actually taken from the coffin, all the marks carefully noted, and the results were drawn up by the enthusiastic Mr. George Combe himself. A cast of the skull was also taken, after which the cranium, being enclosed in lead, was replaced in the grave. Perhaps some readers may wish to read the tabulated estimate formed of Burns by the Scottish skull philosophers. Here, then,, is his character, as indexed by the phrenologists : AmativeneBs, large ; combativeness, large ; destructiveness large self-esteem large ; cautiousness, large ; benevolence, large." Some of the unlearned may be surprised to find a large " cautiousness in such a man as Burns and a few simple folk may wonder how, with a mative . ness and destructiveness both large, the hapless poet managed to live at all. The Quiver. Recent Discoveries at Rome and Florence. In preparing the space before the palace for the facts in honour of the Princess Margherita, the workmen came upon the remains of Roman mosaic pavements, and about seventy yards by twenty of the Piazza della Victoria is now exposed. To the north of all there was a portico at right angles to this were three balls, one of them with a mosaic of 10 ft. 4 in. by 8 ft. 7 in. This last, which was uncovered first, is a very conventional representation of Orpheus charming the beasts. The desserts are too large for the design. The second hall exhibits only a chequered pattern. The portico is much dilapidated. A large group in the centre, where horses' hoofs and the tail of a monster are traceable, suggest the Hippolytus. Fazello mentions an ancient building on this site, called the Sale Verde, which seems to have been a kind of amphitheatre ; it was levelled in 1549 to make room for the bastions of the city. The frescoes had been covered with white- wash, and cut to pieces to make room for cumbrous monuments. Stamina's paintings form two series from the lives of St. Anthony and St. Nicholas respectively, and were executed before he was compelled to leave Florence in consequence of his share in the rising of Ciempi in 1878. The frescoes near the entrance have suffered most from the alterations in the chapel The Architect. 