, LOCAL NEWS. "THE POLITICAL BABY SHOW.";-This is the jjtle of,last week's cartoon in Sydney Punch, whereiu'the humpbacked satirist improves the latest'novelty,-viz., the baby show-by giving it an application to the new assembly, and the Talions crotchets which hon. members may be expected, to nnrse, fondle, and obtrude upon public notice. Mr. Robertson dandles "Free Selection," a sturdy infant, upon his knee ; Mn Cowper soothes the " Premiership," a rather re- fractory child ; Mr. EganV regards are fixed upon" a postoffice letter box, which be holds as if it were a tender darling ; " Finances," a non- descript youngster, is being fed by Mri" Samuel (from a bottle) with " no taxes ;" in the back- ground, Mr Polster embraces the " Geradotus Fosteri/' a new alligator, for which, whether vsillingly, or not, he has stood sponsor and name- sake; Mr. Parkes of course fondles "Publio Schools," and the Kiama ghost stands behind bun; at the rear of Ur. Parkes' chair, Mr. Pid- dington contemplates "his lost child H;" " Opposition," a particularly bad-tempered in- fant, has its place on Sir James Martin's knee ; Mr. David Buchanan throws aloft a changeling ; Mr. Windeyer gnides an effigy of his father in leading strings ; while in a corner Sr. Lang stands looking ou quietly at the uncouth exhi- bition, and confiding to Mr. Hunch bis opinion that the infants are " wunnerfu' weans." There is a good deal of both covert and open satire is the cartoon, whioh is a great improvement upon .orne recent ones. ROADS AND BRIDGES IN THE NORTHERN DISTRICT.-The & If. Herald gives the follow- ing-account of the progress of roads and bridges in the Northern district, in its summary for the Crëelong's mail :-lu the road department, the general road works for 1869 on the main roads are nearly oompleted, except on the Northern road, where the metalling of a long length be- tween Wallabadah and Goonoo Goonoo is being proceeded with, and also bridges over Deep Creek and Willow Tree Creek, in the same vicinity. The bridge at Musolebrook, being an^approach to the railway, is being constructed by the Rail- way Department , The bridge over,Cedar Party Creek, Manning River, has been completed, and the works have been done on the road from Port Macquarie to Armidale, to the amount of the available funds. A reconnaissance bas lately been made by a officer of the Roads Depart- ment from Nundle to the table lands east of . it, where there is a great extent qf good land heavily timbered, with a view to the opening up of the country by a road, to facilitate settlement and the convey- ance of the' timber to the lower land,' where it will soon be required for railway extension. Instructions have been given for the execution of works on the Nundle road to the extent of the votes. On the roads from Tamworth to Manila, and from Willow Tree to Tamworth via Currabnbla, works have been completed to the amount of the available votes. On the road from Willow Tree to Narrabri, some further works are about to be let. On the road from Cassilis to Coonabarabran, the bridges at Green- bah and Spring Creek are in progress, and other works at Coolah Gap to the amount of the Par- liamentary vote. Works are also in progress on the road from Musclebrook to Cassilis, to the amount of the balance available; this road will, after the completion of the works for D369, be handed over to trustees. a*** THE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.-The Herald's summary gives the following account of the works on the G. N. Railway :-In the North the works progress but slowly; and mattera have not been at all improved by mis un'derstandings which have recently taken» place between one of the contractors and his men. The permanent way on No. 4 contract has been laid for two miles and a half beyond Muswell- brook, and we believe that the only obstacle which now retards the progress of the work there is the scarcity of labour. The earthworks are completed ready for trimming up to the side of the viaduct at Aberdeen, and the colverts are all complete on that length. The bridges at 79 miles 20 chains and Sandy Creek axe built, and the permanent way is laid over them. The bridge at 82 miles 8 ohains is ready for the per- manent way, that at 82 miles 50 chains re- quires a few transoms to complete it, and that at 82 miles 60 chains has only about half the girders fixed. Beyond Aberdeen the piles have been driven and head stocks fixed to the bridge at 87 miles 45 chains. The long embankment and the road crossing are complete. Cutting No. 13 will take at least another month, but the cuttings as far as No. 20 are very nearly finished. Three small brick culverts still re- main to be done between Aberdeen and Scone. The contractor has commenced to cart from Muswellbrook the cylinders for the erection of the Aberdeen bridge. On contract No. 5 the bricks are still supplied in small quantities com- pared with the necessities of the work, and there is ample room for at least double the number of excavators that have been employed at any one time on this contract. The works have been in progress for twelve months, and daring that time only 253,000 cubic yards in cuttings have been done. The quantity which has yet to be done is 420,000 cubic yards, or at the rate of 70,000 cuhio yards per month, to enable the work to be finished in contract time. Very little progress has been made with the fencing ; but the steam sawmill for cutting sleepers and fencing has been got to work with good results. -The Morpeth extension is complete. SUDDEN DEATH ON BOARD THE MORPETH -Ore arrival, last evening, of the steamer Mor- peth, from Newcastle, some of our fellow-oitizens heard with regret that an awfully sudden death had occurred during the passage which deprived two local companies of a valuable offi- cer, and a large circle of friends of one who was much esteemed. Captain Malcolm left Newcastle yesterday in apparent health, and was on the bridge of the steamer a short time prior to bis death. He then went below, and was seated on one of the bertha in the cabin, when he was seen suddenly to lean forward and fall on the cabin floor. Several persons went to his assistance, and it was fonnd that he was insensible. The services of a medical gen- tleman, who was'also a passenger, were promptly offered, but without effect, as he found that life was extinct. Captain Budd and his officers were most assiduous in their endeavours to render any assistance in their power, and, on finding that death had taken place, made such arrangements as the natureejfcibe case would admit The de- ceased genUemaV has been long and intimately connected with the maritime interests of this port. He arrived here as a shipmaster, and after became a marine surveyor. In this capa- city he represented the New South Wales and Sydney Marine Insurance Companies. His professional ability and integrity were unim- peachable, and in private life he had secured a large circle of friends, who will hear with regret that he has been so suddenly cut off from the land of the living -Afternoon Telegram, Jan. 28. BROKE ANNUAL RACES.-On Wednesday last the Broke races came off. The attendance was good, although the day was very hot. The course is a Bandy one, and towards evening the dust was very troublesome, and in a sweepstake, in Which ten or twelve horses started, it mnst have been very dangerous, as it was hard for the riders to see their way. There was during the day a smart foot race of fifty yards for £2, be- tween a friend of Mr. Cobcroft and Mr. Andrew Johnston, which was won by the former after a sharp contest. The first race of the day was won by Mr. Cobcroft's grey mare Twilight. It eves little more than a walk over. The second race was won by Mr. Durham's Crow, beating Mr. Cobcroft's Novel, and Mr. Coady's Moun- tain Maid 3rd, a handicap race, won by Mr. Durham's Crow, beating Mr. Cobcroft's Twilight, Mr. Coady's Mountain Maid, and Mr. Cobcroft's Novel. 4th, draught horse race, won by Mr. Dulan'* bay horse Tom, beating Mr. Sleath's Morgan, and a horse of Mr. Cobcroft's. 5th, beaten stakes of £5-Mr. Coady's Mountain Maid first, Mr. Coboroft's Novel second.-A dance at Mr. Rowe'e brought the evening to a elote.-Singleton Times, Jan. 29. MUDGEE DIAMONDS.-We learn from Mel- bourne that the directors of the Australian Diamond Company have decided upon disposing, by private contract, of 115 diamonds received ¿rom England by last mail. They are for sale .at the shop of Mr. Crisp, jeweller, Queen-street, Melbourne. The success of this company has ibeen very great, for up to the present they have, with only one machine, obtained no less than JOOO diamonds-Evening News, Jan. 29. TELEQBAPH8 -The line to the lighthouse at : iBananjney Head, has boen completed, and Broken Bay ia thus placed in connection with Sydney. This isa connection of considerable importance, as .in .times of heavy weather on the coast Broken Bay is now commonly used as a harbour of refnge. The line from Grafton to the Clarence River beads will also be completed in the course of a month, and another link will then be effected between Sydney and the light- house» on the ooul-Herald's Mail Summary. POBMO WORKS AT NEWCASTLE.-The ooal staiths at Newcastle are completed Toe raik are nearly all laid, with the exception of a small portion on the land which has to be obtained from the exeoutors of the late Dr. Mitobell, and in reference to which there has been some delay. The dispute with the A. A. Company with regard to the other portion of the land is in a fair way of being settled.-The repairs to the Southern breakwater are being rapidly proceeded with by the deposition of large blocks of stone on the sea face of it. The contract for twenty screw moorings, in addition to the nine already in place, is also in progress.-Herald's Mail Summary. FATAL ACCIDENT IN THE BUSH.-On Mon- day, Jan. 24, a woman named Margaret Ivory, residing at Appletree Flat, near Mudgee, went to visit a friend at the diggings, and left for home in the afternoon. Some time afterwards the horse was found wandering in the bush without a rider. Alarm being thus excited a search was made, but nothing was seen of Mrs. Ivory until the following.day, when her husband discovered her dead body in the bush. From the appearances it was evident that the horse most have got frightened, and dashed the rider against the limb of a tree.-An inquest was held, and a verdiot of accidental death was re- turned.-Abridged from the Western Post, Jan. 28 MUDGEE HOSPITAL.-The annual general | meeting of the subscribers to this institution I was held on Tuesday, Jan. 25 A report and | balance sheet were read and confirmed. 133 , patients had been admitted during the year, and 117 had been discharged; 15 had died, and there were at the end of the year 9 patients in the institution. The election of officers, and ; other formal business was also transacted. Abridged from the Western Post, Jan 28. MELANCHOLY DEATH,-A most melancholy death, resulting from animal poison, occurred at Taree, Manning River, some few days ago. The poor fellow (Mr. Whitbread) was a man of advanced years, a blacksmith by trade, and one day when paring a horse's hoof, which was sup- posed to have been stung or poisoned, the blood spurted into his face He wiped it off with his sleeve, and took no further notice of the occur- rence until the next day, when his head began to swell very muoh. Remedies were applied, but without avail-Macleay Herald, Jan. 24. THE BOUNDARIES OP WEE WAA.-In the Government Gazette of Friday last is published a description of the boundaries of the town of Wee Waa, for the purposes of the Towns Police Act POST AND TELEGRAPH-OFFICE AT SINGLETON. -James Hoskins M.L.A, and Mr. John Browne, JP., of Singleton, as a deputation waited on the 'Hon. the Postmaster- General yesterday, and presented a petition from a large number of the inhabitants of Singleton, desiring the Government to have the post and telegraph offices in that town removed from the alleged inconvenient position they now occupy to more centrally situated premises, those previously used as a post-office being strongly reoommended. The Postmaster General promised to accede to the prayerof thememorialists, and the deputation withdrew -Evening News, Jan. 28. 