?DOUBTFULLY DIVINE MISSIONS, (Froi All the Year Round.) Allthe popular delusiodl and religious im .postures of which wve ave any recoad, trom the earliest-times down tonthe preient- eraio'f so-called Spllrituali+ni 'lavn had features in commuri.' Their claim to credimence has been founded upon the. world-wide acceptance of the divine mission of Christ, his supernatural birth,'hiei divine life; bii.' marvcllous work-, bisnmiraculous rising' rom the dead; and while; in their main featured are Ucoies .of the' Cnristian 'amytery,+ they bear, in many respects;,'acloe' resemblance to each .other. At the preent' time, Whei vou' assail the ,pretensiouns of the Spiritualists, you are told thatmany persots of ligh iatellectual attain ntents, men of learning, professors well verivd in the scince?,; pious divine-, and others, are disciples of the new revelution. Who are you, tllt you shouldI dare tiscofi it bwhat these eminent teen believe? But Dr Samuel Johnson was an emnm-nt than, intel lectual, learned, pious oand he for a time be lieved in the Cock-lane Ghost.; Does ant body belie're in Ith Cook-lane Ghost now? I will Jnot 'venture to eay that there0 re not , some ..bblieveres. still left; for it' is an ascertaiied fact - that in the year '1851 there were several" congre gations who i toet ito'rel;ilp Goil in the name at Jostna Soutiiott. 'It is quite possible, therefore, that some oat ihe disciples. of Mr Hoime itsey believe thathe Cock-lanu reppingR were produced by tie. spirit of the "murdered Fenn)J', " ~. "" As tie spirit-rapping delusion is still ram pant, and 's 'wen of "high intellectual att.lin meots" continue to believe'in it, anid not only to believe ull it but to teach it to the peoplel as a sacred truth, it may be of some service, as a ,arning to tte credulous who have notwholly surrendered their 'rividril'and their columon seone to this egregious Iolly, it we devote a Jew pages to a review oft auie of the religious imposturnes whichll ave run their course and been exploded in times paet. But before repeating this twice told tale, we will advert for a momtent to some angry de aunciatioiea wfich have been levelled against .an article estitlet "At Homse with the Spirits,' which recently appeared in thisjourual. in .thaiit artlile it was stlted that;r.. lomue had sent a circular to'his friendi begging them to :suppoit his lecture, as "siuli ol it ,bis fortune mnust depeild uipon theeisueust theexperimsuti." It is complained, its ttler"s p-lace ttli' it' was a violatioun of tite rules of l rivan. go publiJis a privPte.qiranir, giid in the secoud that the writer iubstituted "t.ortune" fur alfiture." Now, as to,5 e first point, it coplid be yo ,iao Jatinut of thebru?joqgt priiapy to publish whbat shadn already Blpl?redln a .daily paper; and 'asp-,tIle ucoId, thCI word "fortue" was .saiwily a ml-print of thejournal from which ,tfe,pasagevwiac plied" Let us seeihow the ,Plpeal stands in the aothentid.cirpular which ,has beet ent. to us for our cerreouon and re pireoo.: Ip .1' Ml i.deed o... my own '.f ture .must depend upon the issue of this e-x. At the'end of thia appeal there is a notifi ,cation that tickets tor th?s lecture, price balt a guinea and fiveelhillitgs, mae be obtaised eithfer'ro'ui MrlHoule:~er 'hin agent. Now, wlhat.in ite meuuiegof" future" hiere? Do hir-Homi'a trierids.pretend that be meant lhi. state in Ill world touacoal Scarcely, I think; Jor tie liualtchib of liti bets could not affect that, unlees his objeoctwas to obtain'moriey to pay tor masses for his soul. Then it must bee 'is futcro in' this world. And what do we ,all understand when a mae talksabodtliids"fs. tore"? Do we not understand'him to mean his plresjects in life,l is means ot existence In point itoleat, his b'lnortune" - ioeay ?. Wthere; t ,oee, is theeseitial dflierence between titurtune" and "'uiure'!? Our statement that lil Hittite distributed bill- among the audienca; lia'dihi, d with an aenouent ofl tdigadito which' it l? difficult to account lor. " -Iisa matter ol pu imluolrtance whLntvr whetheer ie didor did pot distribute bill.. Wi~'cti* .nily'suplao s that ,thUe point bas bete ljtl' hold' of iu 'order, is .pus-ble, to eouviet the writer of a wilful mlU. :statelmeit that oight prove. him unlworthy of ,credit.as to all ithe rail .'It is however, a mwustunolrtuhate circumtanece fur the deniial that severat ?elaerson tils "testify" teat.. Mr JHosue handed babout aeioig i his friends lieces ,of -paper... Perhaa p tfy ,were not, stroally speaking,!' bille." A~ to" lir Home's re pydiatimn of mercenury muotives, we way pimply state that he iiaecfll haaadmitted that )ie received twenty-five pound, for his service. eon the occsion. In the history of lspostures and popular delusions it will be lound tsart objections Ilaev iuvariubly.beenv an-wered by the same kind of 'quibbling. Trilling uatters, nout essetittal to toe inquiry, have been subasituted for tse true issue, and expuoure has been met with ie soost i,,pudest detuila, A. abowflgi hbo ce'r~tll fSit, ot imnpos.:re repeat thediselve', we will go 'sck a ientury, to the Cock-lane, Glhosb. At ..'e preenot time, a "quantity" of poeaole are running iiteis mnedilifoI who proet+"d to receive com manications from departed spirits by means ol knocks on. talses, A hundred and four years ago, the credulous were beguiled by an imposture of the very same nature. It was spirit-rapping then; it as spirit-rapping now. At the beginning of the year 1760, there resided in Cook-lane, near West Sinithfleld, in the House of end 'Paersons, the parish clerk of St Sepulchre's, a stockbroker na med Kent, The wife of Kent bad died in child birth during the previous year, and his sister. in-law, Fanny, had arrived' in NXofulk, to keep his house' for him, Itent and bih lSiter-in-low conceived a mutual attachment of what is called "a' ttieder ri nature," and each roade a will to the other's favour. They lived together for some months in tile house of Parsons, whoe being a needy man, burrowed money of his lodger. Some difference arose between them, and Kent lit the houtie and instituted legal proceedings against Parsons for the recovery o.of hi money. While tle" 'natter was pending, 'Miss Fanny was taken ill ot the small pox, and after two dlai'd: illiecs?e ied. 'She was buried in a vault underCletikenwell Ohuro,. Parsons began to bhlt that poor Fanny had come by her death " unfairly,' and "that Mr Kent was accessory to it from his 'too great eagerness to obtain her money. Meantime, Parsons badhbeen sued by Mr 'Kent for the borrowed money, and fihad been mide to pay. Shortl, after the termination of' the cotion, a story was spread about toe neighbourhood of Cock-lane that the house of Persons was haunted by the ghost ofl pour, Fae.ny, and that the daughter of Parsnns, a girl about twelve years of age, bud several times seeni and conversed with the spirit, who 'lihad in form'ed her that she had not died ol small pox, as was currently rupurtedi but of' poi-ue ndainiitered by Air Kent. In answler to in quiries, Parsons d.clarsd that his house, ever since the death of Fanny, had been" troubled by,n mysterious knocking at the doors and.in the wall.. ' In order to prove hi. words, lie invited a gentleman of soom standing in the pirish to witness a ' inilestuatoni. The gentleman, on visiting the'liouse, fitund the daugher of Parsons (to wholi thesspirit aulne app arel, and whom alone it answered) trembling violently, having, as .he declared, just seen tle glio.t and been again inforeial that she died fromnpoison. A loud knooking was heard trull every part Ut the rOoul, which .o mystified the visitor that he depart. ed, atfraid to doubt,'end asha nied to believe, but with e promise to bring tuu clergyman ut the pariah and several other gentlemen on' the following day, to witness end report upon the mystery. SOn the following night hbe returned, bring ing aith him three clergymen and about twenty uther persons, who resolved; if need be, to'it up the whoule night, end await the gllot's arrival. Presons begun the ,dance by expluining the moudus oprandli. He' said that,' though ' the glio*tL: would never--- render-- itseill --eible to anybody but his' daughter, it had no objection to answer question., and that it eUxressed an affirmative by one knock aiid i negative' b two knouks, and its dtspleasuru by a kind of oraetehing.: (Cl'this is'. precisjly the furimula of the ipirit-rappers of tile piJesant tilll.) ''he child was then put into thd' tid along witn her sister, and tin clergyamen exaiined tile bed and the bed-clothes to satisly thelimselves that there was no deception.' Ti?y we'r .ati.tied. After somne hours, during which they nil waited with exenisjleri pttience, a knocking was h,.ard in the. well, and the child decolared hele saw the gidst of Fanny. The following questlians 'were thdn gravely putthr..ugh th- medium of"' Mary 'Frazer, Parvons's servant, to'whon' it was saidi tue deceased Funny had been liuch attached. Q. Do yon mak~e this, disturbance ont account of the ill usage you received troam Mr Kent? A. One knock--ee,. R. Were you brought to an untimely end by pIoison.? .. ... A. Yes. Q. luow was'he poison admiuistesed, in beer or purl t/ A. In IPurf. (Tlhat is to" say, there' were two knockslfor beer, and one knock for purl.) Q. How 'long was that before your dsalt ? A. About three hours. Q Are you Jent's wile's'sister? A. Yes. " Q. Were you married to -enp after your sister's death i SA. No. Q. Can ton, it goa like, appear visible to any one , . A. Yes. : Q. Will you do so? 'a; A, Yes.. Q On yoe geg out of this house Q. Is it your intention to follow': the child about every where ? . A. Yes.',: Q. Are non pleased at being asked these queuostiop <A. Yesy_. .' : : ' Q.'Dues Iteise 'your troubled s.oul ? 'A. Yes.;., -. -. ; e is " (Here there 'as heaerd a s'ysterious riois*, +w'hioli a person'preeuit'comipared to the. fiut t' riig of wings.) SQ. It Mr. Kent is arrested for this murder, illt he ontras? A. Yes. '' ;Q. \Yuuld your soul be at rest if he were hanged for' it? A.. Yea. .Q. W\ill -he be hanged.?': , A .Yeas. Ttih Iuoi of these wondlerlol mannifestations pbread:over London, anid day after "diy Infor some weeks tock-lene wae rendered ihnpis sable by the crowds who easselbledl roinI tiue hovie if the iarish olerk, in expectation of' either eceing the ghost dr hearing the mcs terins kllocks. Mr Parsonsaot cour-e, di. avoiwed ll umercenary muotives ; but he ount itInebessry, su clalmorous were the people lor admisionl to his house, to rdmit only tiiose who paid a tee. Tbis went ou fur a long times 'liie' ghust pulying its tricks nightly, anid Mr IPursons iaseking a guod thing of it, T1le gluest of Cook-lane was the talk of'every cir. cle, and was i tihe tu uf innun.erable pai c philets anld articles in the newspaper. Mri Prior, in hi, life of Goldusith, gives the coy of a receipt, dated 6thuf Marcc, 1762, for tihre guineas, as paid by Newbury to Goldsmith tur I a paliphliht respecting the Cuck-lane Ghust' WVilh regard to Dr Joulsion's credulity in the muatter llaecaaluy says: "se hiad been week enougll to pay ,eriousattentiun toe story about a glhost whicb haunted a house in Cock-lane, and had eactually gone himself, with someolbis Irionds, at one in the morning, in the bope of reoeiving a oommuniealiunlrosuthe perturbed spirit. But the spirit, though adjured with all solemulty, remained .b-tinately silmnt; and it -nun appeared that a naughty girl at elevenl had been amusing herself by making tools of so many philosolphers." Unhappily, however, for the "future" of the parish clerk, the ghost was induced to moake some promises which were thie means of wholly destrom ing its repu tation. It promised, in answer to the question of the Rev Mr Aldritch, of Clerkenwell, that it would not only follow little Miss Parsons wherever she went, but would alsoattoend hin or any other gentleman into the vault underSt. John's churcn, where the body of tie murdered woman was deposited, and would there give noticol of its presence by a diatinct knock upon the coffin. a' a prelimninary, the girl was con veyed to the house of Mr Aldritch, near the church,where large party ul ladies and gentle ien, eminent for their acquirenments, tleir rank, and their wealt)i, had assembled. About ten o'clock at nignt the girl was put to bed at Mr AldritUh's by several ladies, a strict examin ation having previouoly beesn made et tihe bed and bed-clothes. WVeile the gentlemen, in an adjoining chamber, were deliberating whether thuy should pri.ceed in a bud) tuthuanult, thiey were summoned into the bedroom by the ladies, who declared, in great alarm, that the ghost was come, and that they heard the knocks and scratches. The gentlemen en tered the room, determined to put the matter to the test of the strickest inquiry. The girl was asked to put her hands out of bed, and they being held by some of the ladies, the ghost was summoned to announce itself in the usual maunner. There was no reply. It was asked to render itself visible, but it did not appear. After a long pause, one of the clergymen went down.stairs to interro gate the father of the girl. He positively denied that there had been any deception, and even went so far as to declare that he himself upon one occasion had seen and con versed with the ghost. This having been communicated to the company, it was unasui mously resolved to give the ghost another trial. A clergyman called out in a loud voice to the spirit that the gentleman to whom it had promised to appear in the vault was about to repair to that place, where he claimed the fulfilment of its promise. Shortly after midnight they all proceeded to the church, and two gentlemen entered the vault, and took up their position by the side of Ftanny's coffin. The ghost was sum moned to appear, to knock, to scratch, or to give any other indication of its presence; buc it made no sign. Nothing was seen, nothing was heard, and the two gentlemen retired from the vault, perfectly satisfied that the whole business was a deception practised by Parsons and his daughter. There were others, however, who did not jump so hastily to a conclusion ; and it was suggested that they were, perhaps, trifling with this awful being, which, being offended with them for their presumption, would not condescend to answer them. This is pre cisely what the spirit-rapping mediums allege when their dodgery is circumvented by the watchfulness of their sceptical visitors. They say that there is an evil influence in the room, or that the spirit is offended. So many people had by this time openly expressed belief in thie reality of the visita tion, and identified themselves with it, that Parsons and his family were not the only pesinme interested in the contiouance of the delusion. There were many who would not be convinced by any evid6ace whatever-as there are now with regard to Spiritualism and it was said that che ghost had not ap peared in the vault because Mr Kent had taken care beforehand to have the coffin of Fanny. removed. That gentleman imme diately procured credible witnesses, in whose presence the coffuin of Fanny was opened. Their depositions were published, and Mr Kent indicted Parsons, his wife, his dauglh ter, Mary Frazer, their servant, the Rev Mr SMoor, and a tradesman, two of the most pro minent supporters of the deception, for a conspiracy. The case was tried by Lord Mansfiel2, and the whole of the conspirators were found guilty. The Rev Mr Moor and his friend were severely reprimanded in open court. Parsons was sentenced- to stand in the pillory and to be imprisoned for two years, his wife for one year, and his servant for six months in Bridewell. A printer, who had been employed by them to publish an account of the proceedings for their profit, was fined fifty pounds. And thus ended one of the silliest and clumsiest impostures ever practised upon the credulity :of mankind. The spirit-rapping of the present day only differs from the Cock-lane imposture in being more skilfully performed. But Mr Parsons himself was only an imitator; for a rapping ghost had previously made a great noise in Poland. Let us glance now at the pretensions of Joanna Southoott. Joanna was originally a domestic servant, and at the age of forty she set up as a prophetess. She wrote and dictated rhymed prophecies, announcing herself as the woman spoken of in the twelfth chapter of Revelation. In a very short time her fol lowers numbered upwards of a hundred thousand persons. When she was sixty years of age she gave out that she was to be delivered of the second Shiloh on the 19th of October, 1814. Her followers and disci ples stood watching round her door day and night until the 19th passed away; but Shiloh did not come, and :t was announced td the multitude that the prophetess had falt len into a trance. She died the following year, of dropsy. One of the most ardent believers in the pretensions of Joanna Southcott was no less a person than William Sharp, the celebrated engraver. He iunvited her to London, paid all her expensee, and entertained her at his own.house. Many other persons of " high intellectual attainments" believed in her. In the British Museum there are several volumes of tracts containing her prophecies they are, for the most part, doggrel rhymes sand copies of letters sent to the clergy and inserted in the newspapers." Joanna, like many others, repudiated merconary motives; but she obtained considerable sums of money by the sale of seale or sealed packets, which were warranted to secure the salvation of those who purchased them. On her tell. ong her followers that she was about to be delivered of the Prince of Peace, they sub scribed for the purchase of an expensive cradle and rich cluthes for the expected s?e cond Shilob. Inn a pamphlet, illustrated by a rough woodcut showing the dissection of the deceased pr.pheteas's body, an elaborate account is given of an operation performed by the surgeon in their search for traces of the Shiloh who did not make his appearance. There was nothing to justify the expectations of Joanna, except an enlargement of the intestines produced' by flatulency, and a chronic disposition to dropsy. 'The pamphlet concludes with these words: 'Thus has finished a delusion which would hate disn graod the most barbuauous mais; bot We hops that the recorded failure of tho bold sua bluphemous prediotions of kesves and idiots may be the means of provestlng dir ing attempts of a similar description in fi. ture." Vain hope l A score of bold and blasphemous impostors have arisen since then; and they will never cease to arise while there are rogues, inadmeD, and fools left in the world. 