COENER EOE ROMAN CATHOLICS. No. Y. Ouh' Roman Catholic friends liaA'o been taiight to believe that the Apostle Petek Avils set over the other Apostles ; then that he was made Bishop of Rome ; then that he reigned in that city for tAventy-live years; and next that therefore the Popes, as hia snccesors, luiA'ing all his powers and privileges, are the Primates oA'er the Avnoie . unurcJi. it would be a good thinjj if Rcmau Catholics Avould examine the ground of their faith in these positions, aud not accept thcin as indisputable truths. If they are not peimiitted to doubt the doctrines of their Priests Avith- OLlt cutting themselves off from tlio coiu- inunion of their Church, tliey ouglit :it least to haA'e liberty to investigate a question Avhich is one of history, and Avliich really lies at the basi.s of the high claims of their Church.. ' In the first place, as to Peteu having ijcen set over the other Apostles, Roinan Catholics are referred to tlie scripture liassagcs Avhich are siqiposed to speak of Peteu as being a rock, and of the key.s of kingdom of heaven as having been giA'en unto him. The Priests, the Bishops and the Pope, Avheu they want to assert that PuTEit had a "primacy oyer the Apostles refer to the folloAving Iia.ssages as decisive proofs " Tu 0.S Petros;" thou, "Unto tliee do I .gi ve the keys," &c.; ; and then, Peed my sheep, &c.; But avo liave already shoAvn tliat these passages do not, and cannot es tablish the " Pi'imacy" a.ssumedundclaimed for Peteu. On the ground of tJiese passages Peteu himself never assumed and claimed thoPrimacy. On tlioso jassagos the other apostles never yielded to Peteu as Primate. These are facts wliicli are cieai to the most ordinary reader Avho' will candidly road the NeAv Testament liistory. It is surely to be supposed that, if the passages re ferred to established Peteu's primacy OA'cr the other apostles, Peteu himself Avould haA'e understood theraTso, and acted upon tlvem. But it is undeniable that, there is not tlie slightest hint of- Peteu having so understood the passages referred to ; on- the contrary, all that over Peteu did and Avrote, as Avill be seen in his two Epistles, is totally inconsistent Avith the idea of Primacy. On'several occasions there Avas tlie most faAmiu-able opportunity for his acting Primate, if lie had been primate, or had thought that lie Avas : but on .all those occasions Peteu's conduct perfectly demonstrated that be had no idea tliat lie possessed sxicli a position of power and authority. We, challenge any Roman Gutliolic to jiroduce from the I'ecordecl actions of Peteu in the New Testament, or from any part of his tAvo E|)istles, any Avorcl, action, or liint Avhich Avill bear out the Primacy which the Priests of Rome claim for Peteu, and Avliich Avill shoAv tliiit Peteu understood tlio jiassages referred to as making him Primate tmd Prince of all the Apostles. But beyond this, it is to be supposed that if tlie passages referred to clearly establish the primacy of Peteu, the other apostles must Iiuat! so understood them, and must have anted in accordance with them. The other apostles heard Christ speak the words on Avhicli the primacy of Peteu is supposed to rest. 2'he lieard Jesus say to Peteu " Tu es Petvos did i/tsi/ then iiifei,- tliat he Avas " the Rock" on Avhich the ohurch Avas to be built'! Thay heard Jesus say unto Peteu, " Unto thee do I give the keys, &c.; did thay, then,- imder-staud that he Avas to have the supreme power as tlio Primate and Prince of the College of Apostles 1 Thay heard Jesus say to Peteu, " Ifeed my sheep;" did they, then, undorstuud that those Avords invested him with tiie chief .lule as the head and teacher and lluler of the whole churcJi'? and conferred upon him tlie supremo jurisdiction as chief pastor We ask Roman Catholics to consider this. We challenge them to produce any passage from the Scriptures Avhioli Avill" indicate 'tVi Tf/te slightest degree that the apostles nndei'stood and acted upon a primacy in Pjjter. We ask tliem, is it possible that this reticence Avould be in Scripture if the ajiostles bad tliouglit that their head and ruler and chief Avas Peter.. The apostles arc seen in many cii'cu instances in Avhich the primacy Avould bo sure to appear, if there bad been aiiytliing of the sort. For example, when Paul avus converted, Avoulcl it nob have ' been right to IiaA'e brought him to Peter, the liead and a'icar, to haA'o liis faith "confirmed!" Would it not have been a graiid triumph to the truth, to bring the gi'eat persecutor to the Primate, that his submission liaving been made to Peter, lie might be recommended to the whole cliiu'ch % But no such thing occurred. So far fromthis, Peter had notliing AvhateA''ei' to do Avith it. Paul hover I'ecognised any Primacy in Peteu. Nay, ?aid rebuhed Peter to his face — Aviiich could not have occurred if Peter had been Primate and Vicar, and the Jioch. Not only tliis, but Paul says in liis Bpistle to the Coiduthians, II. Cor. 11-5, that ho was " not behind the very cliiefest .apostles " — Avhlch proves that thei'O was no Primate or cliief Avl'atever and thatPAULliiinself was not inferior orsubject to any Primate. Tiien Paul says, II. Cor. 11-28, that "the care of all the churches came upon him," and not upon Peteu — - Avhich proves that if there Avere any Primate and Chief at all among the Apostles, that Primate Avas Paid and nob Peter; for as Paul bore the care of all the churches, it is impossible that Peter could liavo more autliovity or jurisdictiorr than Peter. And then, again, Paul says. Gal. 2-9, that " James and John as well as Peter seemed to be pillars " Avhich demon strates, even in the Avay the names are put, " James, Cephas, or Peter, and JoHN," that no Primacy Avas acknoAV- ledgcd in Peter ; the- Avere all " pillars," and Paul Avas as much a " pillar " as any of tliem : nor did any one of them acknow ledge ibr a moment that Peter laas the highest or strongest one. If Roman Catholics, therefore, Avill consider these facts they Avill see, in liglit which cannot be quencbed, that neither did Peter himself, nor any of the Apostles understand from the passage so often quoted, viz., "Tu, es Petros, that Peter Avas chief and Prince of Apostles ; nor did one of them ever act upon such a notion of primacy in Peter. On the contrary, as all of them exercised tlie " power of the keys " Avitliout reference to Peter, and as all of them "fed the sheep," Avithout concern about Peter, or subjection to him, the demon stration is surely sufficient to CA'ery candid and intelligent mind that the primacy of Peter is an after thought of the Papacy, and an unfounded figment. But again. Was Peter ever Bishop of Roine? And did he reign as Pope there for twenty years ! We ask oiir Roman Catholic friends to consider '//Hs flxct, that neither in all scripture, ' or in any history of a rehable ' character, is ffsere any proof that P otcr was ever in Rome at all. The scriptures speak a good dehl about the travels and labours of tlie Apostles, and, if Peter had been Priinato amh'Yicar, it is reasonable to suppose tlnit most Avould havo been Avritten about /m labours and traAmls. Bub it is a singular fact, which Roman Catholics can verify for themselves, that not a single hint is given in scripture about Peter haying ever been in Rome at all ! The scriptures tell us plainly about Peter having been at other pliices, sucli as at J erusalein, at Babylou, at Autiocli, at Cicsarea, at Jojipa, &c.; ; but' uoc a single word about his having ever been at Rome! Nay, the scriptures say Avhat would fairly lead us to infer that Peter never was at Rome, because, Avhen the Apostles Avere mapping out the "sphere of labour Avhich each should cultivate, lest they sliould " enter upon another man's line of things made ready to their liand," Peter Avas seut to the "circumcision," while Paul was appointed to go to the " uneircumci- sion. Gal. 2, 9." The meaning of Aviiicli is that Peter was. sent to Jewish people, Avhile Paul was sent to labour among the Gentile people. Naturally, therefore, Paul might be found at Rome, and so he Avas ; naturally, also Peter might be ex pected to be found in other places, and so e.xactly the history states, fur Peter is ncoer heard of at Rome, but be is heard of at places such as Antioch and Babylon, wbore numerous Jewish people were to be found. Not only tins, but let our Roman Catholic friends coiinder this other jioiiit ; tlic Epistle to the Galatians, in Avhicli it is plainly stated that Peter Avas " sent to the circumcision," Avas written between 53 and 57 A. D.; bnt Peter avus martyred in A.D. 66 ; how then is it po.ssiblc to find time for Peter to reigii as Pope and Bishop of Rome for 25 years ? The theory is surely utterly absurd. Let it be cousidered also by our Roman Catholic friends that the Epistle to the Romans Avas Avritten by Paul about the year 57 A.D. ; but as Peter Avas. martyred in A.D. 66, it is cevtain that if Peter Avas Bishop and Pope of Rome for 25 years, he must have been reigning Avhcn the Epistle of Paul came to the Church there. Rut in all that Epistle to the Romans the name of Peter never once_ occurs ! Paul tolls the Roman Christians what to do, how to live, hoAV to bear their troubles, and how to exemplify the faith of Christ, and yet the Pope — Peter — living amongst them ! and Avhile so speaking to them, he never once refers to the Pope ! Moreover, Paul in that letter sends his christian regards and compliments to many persons living at Rome; yet in all his kind Avishes he says not a Avoi-d about their " chief pas tor,"— the chief pastor of "the whole ohurch," the Pope Peter I Noav let us ask any man of cdmmon sense,if this total silence respecting Peter is con sistent Avith the . thought that Peter Avas actually Pope of Rome for twenty- four years ? And if this strong alignment from Soriptiive is placed side by side Avith the fact that ' all profane history of the slightest value, speaks not one Avord of Peter having been, at Rome, or of his having reigned there for twenty-five years, is not then demonstration complete" that Roman Catholics are deceived, tliat tlieir grand theory of succession from Peter by a chain of Bishops and Popes, is totally destitute of historical truth ! Butler's Pietv and Counsel, — If Freeman of last Aveek did not dare, in the absence of in- structious, to say anything about the Pope and the fall c f his Temporal PoAver, there Averetoo things about Avhich he Av.as permitted to say a little. -The first aa'as— he was to express sym pathy Aviih the French people, and uttur a lament about Paris, "the beautiful city," and the " centre of civilisa ion .and devotion to the faith. " Although all Protestant peoplb in this colony ha,A'e refrained from any expression of sympathy Avith sides ; although they have, in rendering assistance to the" sick and Avounded, a properly made no distinction I ictwcuu, .French and German — bctweon Roiiianist and Protestant soldiers ; yet, not only have "Irishmen" been, appealed to far help to F roiichinen alone, but Freeman substantially iqiprovcs and hacks. .this sectarian and Popish appeal, liy claiming the sympathy of his readers for Pari.s as tlie " centre,, of civilization," and city ilcvoted to the faith— Romishfaith. But poorbigotcd " Freemen !" how sad is his perplc.vity, aiul liow melting is his . grief, and hoiv exemplary is his piety ! lioolsuig upon Paris as devoted to de.struction — touched by a rcmemhrance of its faith — forgetting in tho,.. torrent lIoAv of his .symjiatliythat its Arelibishop did not favour the Piipc a.s he Ava.s oxpcoted to do — .and breathing a-engeaucc against the cou- quoring hosts. Freeman resolves to IiaA'c rceourao " to pr.aycr !" With live " pater nostars" and . ten "ave Marias," he is going to ii.ght all the. Prussians — eo-oper.ating at a di itanee with the.. Priests aiul Nuns, Avhmu lie sees in vision staiuL ing near the Avail to " rob death" of its terrors for the French soldiers and defenders of Paris,. .. he is going to betake himself to the counting of his beads, " Avitli the Pope's intention," and . to add to all his pater nostors and aves one cfiectual prayer to " Glorious Joseph." Such is the piety of Freeman, and its sectarian " bigotry, Avhile all Protestants throughout the Avorkl are noting the part of tho Good y.amaritan, and giving their a.ssistancc to both French and Germans, Avithout distinction of nation or creed ! But not only this — Freeman Avas permitted to give advice about the municipal elections. Ac cordingly, in terms of instructions, Freeman ad vised every Irishman to Avithhold his A'oto from certain candidcatcs, in S2)ite of all considerations Avhatever. He advised Irishmen t > baud to gether and give their vote in a certain Avay. If a candidate belonged to any Grange or Political Society — if he professed to be a Protestant, on decisive and intelligible grounds — if he did not profess to be so liberal in his Protestantism as to make municipal Avorks a reserve for tho sheep of Br. Folding, then Irishmen Avere connsclled to band together and reject that candidate, Avhat ever might be his ability and lioiiesty and claims — unless he could bo counted on as likely to be subservient to tho interests of tlic Chureli, Avith out mercy and Avithout reason toe Irish Ixands Avcre advised to resist and reject him I IVo hope our Pi'oteatant peoijlc Avill marlc tlie truculency and bigotry of such advising of tlio Freeman's Butler. This is an oiicn avoAval of the Fenian- ism aa'liicli has cursed Ireland. It Is a declara tion of war to tho knife. It is an accci>taacc of a princqilo in olectiJUS and govornmuiit Avhich has driven Protestants to f.iriu combinations in self-d fence. We kiioAV tliat if Protestants Avere ' to retaliate, Irish bands Avou'.d bo. ' SAvejiji into oblivion. Wo do not, of course, advise retaliation. The AATotches aa'ho begin tills sorb of thing AVOukl bo the first to cry, out were Protestants to folloAV iiji their e.xamplc,'. We do iiot' wish retaliation ; hut Ave do advise that ProtostaAits should so comhinc and act that such practical treason of Irishmen and Irish mobs to the liberties and institutions of the colony may be rendered iiielleotual. The object of Orange and Protestant Associations is to destroy such Irish and .Popish machinations ; nothing more ; and Avhcn these Irish Fenians have become loyal, and laid doAvn the Aveaiions of their treachery and treason, and beconio really British citizens, Orangemen and Protestant associates Avill very gladly strike their Hags and abolish tlioir fraternities — but nob until then. The City". Municipal IDlectioiis arc over ; luit our advice is intended to be of ajiplicationtoallqiroccedingsfor tlio City Council and Parliainont. Lot the Prb- tostwits combine only so far as to destroy these Irish and Bopisli combinations. It is natural ' for Poijery thus to Avork, and to make the forms ami privileges of liberty the means of advancing its .spiritual and political tyranny. It is natural for Protestantism to give freedom to all .arid to shrink from combinations ; but it is ncoossary sometimes to learn from the enemy j and this, is the lesson Avliich Protestants at present ought to learn, for the puiposo of destroying tho jilots .and machinations of tho enemy, to combine and work together until Irish bands and.Irish Poirish interests shall next dare to sIioav their heads. Ai"o the I'caders of the Freeman jirejiared- to act on the convenient priiicqcle of " no faith Avith heretics? If they Avish to try it, aa'c Icog to Avarn them that the consequences may not he good for them. "More Trash" v. " More Light."— We think it right that our readers should iiitormed- dle with " aU Avisdom" so .as to be able to distinguish it as the " genuine article" from the " xiure Brummogaii." The folloAving extract from the famous Unitarian Champion, Theodore Pai'ker, wliich is giA'cn by the Sydney Mi"; Pillars as -the " real Avisdom," and which is to shed light on all the orthodox in this Southern Hemisphere, Avho are sitting in darkness.- Let our readers remember that tho passage sub mitted is a contest botAveon Theodore Parker and the Apostle Paul ; of rather, it is Theodore Parker talcing the Apo.stle Paul to task for ignorance and blundering in making an estimate A of the "human body." Listen, then, to the " Unitarian Oracle, all you folioAvers of Paul, arid hide your diminished head as you see your fa vourite Apostle smitten under the fifth rib by this m.odern wiseacre :— "False estimate of tho body. Ihe Christian Church has done great in justice ttf.the hum.an body. P.aul of Tarsus said, ' I knoAV that in my flesh dAvelleth iio good thing.' X'hat ill-considered word has been a curse to mankind. It has peopled the most civilised lands on earth Avith xmny men and sick . women, and thence Avith staiwcliiig babies, born but to fill lip the grave. , ' I kiiOAV there is no good_ thing in my flesh,' said Paul. Ho IcnoAv notlimg like it ; he dreamed so, or thought ho dreamed so. God put no bad thing there ; it is" full of good things ; every bono from the crown to the foot, is a good bone every muscle is a goocl muscle ; every nerve Avhich animates the tAA'o is a good neia-e. Bo you think that God in makmg m.an gaA'e liim a body that Svas fit only to' oe trod under foot, aa'itli no good thing in it ? Trust your OAvn flesh .and your oaa'u soul, not the Avords of Paul, — a great braA'o man, but some times mistaken, like you and me." Such, then is tho light AvIiich is to illuminate our darkness 'l Such the philosophy aa'liicli is to take away our ' Bible, and to' destroy our coniid-jnce in the Apostles of OliriBt ,! Fed upon husks lihc this, which is' .1 fair sample of Unitar'au wisdom, is it any wonder that there are so many " starveling' babies," and scraggy, lean, and cadaverous nhniwlinr/s to be found, pretend ing to bo loaders and pillars of truth ? If men will thus misrepresent the scriptures — if' they Viill thus inisnnderstand the words of aposilc — if men will thus learnedly be ignorant, while the most ignorant arc competent to. convict the learned of wilful blindness — is it any wonder that inspiration is denied ? And what is to be done ? Believe Paul, "that our human nature is fallen and corrupt?" or,, believe Theodore Parker, "Iha!: we should trust our own ilesh aud our own soul, and not the words of Paul ?" It ij a libel on Paul to accuse him of saying 'Hbat; God gave man a body fit only to be trodden under foot." Paul never .says any snoh thing. On the oon- he tells na very distinctly that " every Oroa'iurj which God has made is good ;" he tells us. alfoto take care of our body, and make it the "temple of the Holy Ghost." lie knew as much about the "muscles and the bones," and their " goodness," as Theodore Parker did, and probably a great deal nioi-e than Mr. Pillars of Sydney (iocs. But heyond this, Paul knew what the laliilosoidiy of the Parkers aud Pillars denies, and ytt tohut their hatred of .icri2ture amply pi-ov ,1. viz., that, notwithstanding the "good junscles " and "good bones" of the boily, human miture is fallen and corrupt, and as prono to evil as the " sparks are to ily upwards." f'FRKEjrAx" xnb Silentio. — It was very re markable that last week Freeman observed a profound silence on tlie Holy Father's surrender of liomc, and loss of the Temporal Power. This Bomisli contemporary, did not even give his coniplimeiits to tiie Jferuld for its sj'inpath,y, and assurance that the shorn High Priest will be as "potent as ever." Evidently Freeman hnPt not had time to receive instructions from St., Mary's what to say to the Faithful on the subject. AVc do not wonder at the dumb ness of Freeman,. He has douirted and denied the real state of facts so long to the " Faithful," at he is now' rather awkwardly placeit since Borne is no longer the Holy City of the .Popes, Imt' the capital of Italy. He has hoped that Emmaiuicl would never dare to disturb the In fallible Father ; and the strength of his hope has led him over and over again to apeak conli- denUy about the continued power of His Holi ness. W hat can he now sa.y for misleading ' the Faithful " so long ? Vi'hat can he say about the poltroonery of the king of kings and lord of lords,, and his " little army ?" Especially, what can ho say since tlie people of Eoine by a _ unanimous vote, have rejected Pius and chosen Emmanuel for their king ? The idebiscite of the inliabitanta of the City is the must decisive rejection of Pius which was ever given to a Pope. Cwcnty-two years ago the people of Home ex pelled this same Pius. Pie was brought back on the top of French guns and oannoiis. Reseated . again in Peter's chair, he turned those gnus and cannons on some of the best of tlie Roman people and cruelly murdered them. For twenty-two ye.ars he has reigiiod, backed by French ba.yoiiet3. During that long period lie has held his Coiiit among the Roman jjeople. During that long time he has said 'iiass, and ex ercised the high functions of Vicar of God. He ,' has bestowed upon the people, during that long period, the peculiar blessings of the " Catholic Religion, "and of a "pious Pope. For the special comfort of the Itomaus, he has declared the Vir gin " Iminacnlate." For their special edification too, he has canonized many saints aud martyrs. As a crowning hlessmg to the Roman people he called his Vatican Council, and procured that he should he voted aud declared "infallible." In all these wonderful things, he has, during twenty-two years, done his best, along with the teaching of thousands of iiriests, and the con stant application of Holy Water, feet-w ashing, and exhibition of relics and images, to make happy and " Holy" tlie favored iuliabitarits of the " Eternal City." Yet, behold, allliisapostolic and infallible blessings are all in vain ! The people who live nearest to him detest him. The veiy neighbors to the Vatican refuse to be con ciliated. After twenty-two years trial tliey de test him. No sooner are French bayonets with drawn and French cannon shipped for the de fence of Paris, than the people kept under by force so long, speak out again in execration of the Pope J and by 47,000 votes against sixty- eight, they declare to the world that they " will not have him!" Should the " lying Frceina;/" now dare to oiienliis mouth onthisawful crUslier from the " blessed subjects," we hope he will at tempt to explain this mystery which is one of the most jilain and instructive con nected with the history of the " Papal Beast." Errata. — In the letter headed "Antichrist," m last week's issue, in 29th line, for " and are," fsad "under." In the 4-7 th line, "for when there should be fully revealed," read, "when - S en," &c.; In 75th . line, for "now Romish system," read, " Romish system." 