i c I . bASTiNGbUT DEVILS. \- (New York Tribtino.) The determination of the, human mind to believe' in'eviFspirits.-'os if its own rascality and 'depravity, wore not sufficient, !is certainly discoaraging. There j-are those., who , apologize for this proclivity by attri-; Ibuting it to ignorance ; bat at this- time of day the' human mind aforesaid has no- business to be so ' densely, ignorant as to suppose ib possiblo for devils to -teke possession of boys,, though these do sometimes .behave..in a, way .to lead to that belief, if we could ' but settle the fact that there are devils to take ' pos session,' "in accordance with the credulity" which: afflicts the superstitious, , Some ;time ago we heard . of..a,rgirl in„Ohip .wbn was; Boid to bo i 'obsessed, 'j which is something more, dreadful than being ' pos-; Bessedjk'and .grdatdeal biirderito euro,- "We rccom-| mended in.ijhisqaseimild.catliarlics, buteron if they; were administered, "wc'ndver'lieard of the rosult.' -Now-we.got.nows of aGerraan young man away out in Watertown, Wisconsin, who lias ' 'em' badly, what-; evor thoy may be. This instarico of diabolical agency having excited much ' attention, two editors (sup-1 posed to be familiar with dovils) havo visited tho, youth, and their reporl'ls thrilling in tho extreme.' The family to which the .young mun belongs came; from Norlhern Gof many, ;a country highly devoted; to tho development of .spirits, ghosts, and demons.; The youth's name is Siego, and a bard siege bo was hairing oLit long before he came to' this enlightened; land. His-tronbles began whoc ho was about fire years old. , The story, is that, hia, sister found ' a diick'a egg with a pin- hole in ill' "Under matornal; direction, she gavo it t'oVd dog, when the poor animal- went mad and blind ; the sister' went' into spasms,; and soon died ; this, boy became also blind, and was troubled with contortions., ' Also with 'jerkings. Likowise with frothing at -the month.- .Moreover,' with ' looks of most malignant , hatred.'" Ho could- foiilyi' appease the raging demons by making'the'sign iof the cross.' Ho 'was' treated '.with roots; he got, nno' better very fast ; and his affiicte'd''p'arents deter-: bmined tb-emigrat'e to this country to try onrColiim- hian ' roots. But the kind of ve'getablb ' proper for: this case does not growin Wisconsin. At any roto, 1 the uhfortunato German is having 5 the jerks ' -and '"the shakos'' soraowlmt worso than p'vbr. ' The do- ; .mpniac symptoms ', assumed 'a"nT added, 'violericc.' Hei'gnashed his;, teeth he threatened to" break .'the jbonoB of his little brother; Thon tlib doors began to ''slam.''; Hollow, noises' wero heard in, the room. The 'iamiiy nll 'had ' a rush of blood, to. the head.'. One cbf.tho sisters '.also; had an illegitiniatb. child bj a Lutheran ' minister; Then . the dovii ' g'ot into this 'poor ' family's cow, which. /roared, on her legs, 'smoto' lier tail." and shook iier horns' with . Bavage' fury,' , _ t , : , ' , / ; j 33JOF&Urse;,J,tins.'wiujltbo1b'ad to' bo'.borne, and an ' Indian, doctor Vas called in. ' Thia aboriginnl physi- man tried 'plasters,'. -but, in a .few days tho plasters : r.efu|0,d to; stick, . , and , sprouted liairs.'. , Then tlioy 's.mmpnehTn Medium, who diagnosed, ' a snake in ; 'the' stpmabh,' the .! iashiugs. of whose tail could, be 1 heard under' the' ribs.' Finally, the aid of the Ca- ; tholic.Ohurob ..was. invoked, . but, the .young' person i hpinga Lutheran, thoro was some disinclination to undertake his cure ; although at tho time of the last; ncpuuts., this "poor Ppileptio -had. been, carried j to; ollUrch and ' placed in different attitudes before the i .picture of itho- Holy 1 Virgin.':. Upon' this the spirits; poke .'. in- the: Irish and Latin langnagCB.' Four : derils were east out-fin one day/ and a pretty good tday!s:,work: wo consider , that it was. On the next : day three more wore east out: ; Oii tho day followiug ; 'the most obdurate' agreed to leave. Bat, 'alas'!; xmother devil, "according to "the account before us, has , .mbnifesled himself, and, after being cast Out, be aii- : nounced the presence of four;others in poor Master : -Sibge's stomaoh. - When: last heard from he was; .goirig't'o, clraroh regularly, hut- that he will ever; get rid of all his devils is moro than we ebb affirm. Now,-horo-iB-a story- which really bolongs to the middlo ages, to somo earlier period of the world's history, ..and which . should .rooeive credit at . the pro- ; sent time only in somo semi-civilised country,'; f-If;vro may judge1- from the narrative, tho person', said to bb' possessed .:is an epileptic, suffering from.a disease nearly incurable, and which, in time, is productiro of piany mental, delusions. The reverend and reli gious man who undertook to relievo this patient Should at least have oallod in some physioian of ability. If wo hold that epilepsy is to be cured by miraolcs, let us at least comprehond that it- is not oo- Oisibncd by tho presence of evil spirits;.: jWiint, prayy has tho world outgrown of tho follyfofiits in- mnoy, 'of tho .'ignorance .of its darkest days, if it has ijo t, outgrown tho misorabio . deliuion of » direct porspnal Satanio agency exorcised ovor the brains, and the bowels, and tho stomach, and the.norvous system ?. Wbatapilopsy is we partljr know ; .of these daviis wo can know nothing, and wo might as well claim .thoir malignant presonce in cases of cholora, of brain fcrer, and of hydrocephalus. But after all, it is a mournful consideration, .that hardly any oultira tion (except a certain cultivation in itself of a seep iioal kind) can savo mo from:'ilio folly of believing impossible tilings, and that too upon impossible grounds. 'Thoro aro eduoated men,' says Mr Henry Kingsloy, ' in England who bcliove that Mr Home was carried round tho ceiling of a room.' Tho .only, safety for man against intellectual delusion Is in, steadily refusing to accept upon hearsay tosti- |nony, or upon the conclusions of the senses, apparent natural laws which contradiot llioso which havo been fully demonstrated by tho exporionao of mankind. Is thero, can there be, such a thing as supernatural phenomena except by tho direct interposition of tho Deity for reasons which carry thoir valuo upon their face, and which are consistent with the dignity of a Supromo Boing ? 