A DAY WITH THE ROMAN HOUNDS. "A southerly wind and cloudy sky proclaim a hunting morning," to which I may venture to add that "you all knew Tom Moody, the whipper-in, well." It will be perceived by tnese quotations from cue once popular antho logy of the cover aide, now degraded, I am sorry to say, to a very dog's-eared condition in the " fonrpenny box' at the book-stalls, that my intent, on the present occasion is a sporting one; that I purpose rhetorically to array myself in scarlet, and to substitute top-boots for the classical cothurnus, and that the burden of my song throughout this letter will be " Yoicks.'." "My name is Nimrod, and on the Esqniline hilla my father kept bis hounds, a noble pack, until—not being a frugal swain—my sire outran the constable, sold hia dogs, and went to them himself." To have done with circumlocution, I aspire to give you am account of the great meet of the Romas Hunt as it occurred one day in the month of December, 1866. If a " southerly wind" be essential to the proclamation of a hunting morning, the sons of Nimrod in Borne on that day most have had every reason to be satisfied. I had made up a party, and filled a barouche and pair, and, at half-past 10, started from oar hostelry in the Via Bocca di Leone for the tomb of Cecilia Metella. It is, perhaps, unnecessary for me to hint to yon that your rambling interlocutor is not a hunting man, and that he prefers to wit ness such things as battles, fox-hunts, and, if possible, shipwrecks, on four wheels, to joining in them on four legs—that is to say, on horae back. A chttcan sin metier ; and it is not mine to follow the flying foe The late Kir. John Leech and the yet extant Mr. Anthony Trol lope have done quite enough to vindicate the individualism of literature and art in the host ing field. I caw a Saturday Beviewer at the meet on Thursday, and I am right sorry that he did not catch a fall, for lam not one of those who profess to love my enemies. My enemy I should like to have, in handcuffs and without a hat, at high noon, in the middle of the Great Desert. I would then read him my printed opinions of him (which are highly sarcastic and, I think, clever), and refresh him from time to time with anchovy sandwiches and boil ing Worcestershire sauce. No, Ido not hunt. I remember once staying in a country house whose hospitable owner pressed me very much to "ride to hounds," and offered me something which he catted " a mount;" and I ant afraid that, under the in fluence of capUlaire and seltzer water, late at night in the smoking-room, I promised to "show" at the meet the next morning. I remember that I received important letters soon after sunrise, and went to Londo? by the 8.40 train. Ifl there any harm in admitting that you never banted anything bigger than a flea or a guinea? I hope not Yet there are some people who grow quite savage, and sneer at you viciously, because you do not appreciate the delight of galloping after a wretched vermin at the risk of breaking your neck, or because you do not understand the slang of the hunting field. How stupid are these sneers! Can we all of us do everything? Please, then, my noble sportsmen, don't eneer at me because, until dinner-tune on Wednesday night, I did not know what the "fox's pad" was. Why should I ? I never saw a fox unstuffed in my life; but, sportsmen, did you ever see a dolphin, or a shark, or a brigand, or a wild Indian? I had heard of the fox's brush; bnt this is how I came to hear of his "pad"— the which, I apprehend, is his foot. "He brought home the fox's pad, did the captain," quoth a young £nglishinau at the table d'hote, and he gave it to the cook to dry on the top er the oven, and, by Jove, sir, the fellow fried it and sent it up the next morning for breakfast, with chopped parsley. You may smell it in the kitchen now." I asked, deferentially, what the fox's pad might be, not knowing exactly whether it was something to eat or something to <dt down upon, and being enlightened, experienced considerable gratifica tion. The English tongue is certainly a most copious one, and its wealth of synonyms is in exhaustible. The foot of a fox is his " pad," and that of a dog his "paw." The head of a wild boat is his "hood," and the tail of a hare his " scut," and the stomach of a hone is his "barrel." We drove over the slippery flagstones of modern Rome amidst a wilderness of old churches, old pictures, old beggars, old women, and old clothes, on to the Appian Way. It is certainly not wider than that back lane which leads from Walham Green to Hammersmith, but it is the most interesting road in the world. You must pass the tombs of the Scipios, and those of the Pompeys—the Columbaria, so called from their pigeon-house conformation, where baked Romans are potted down in such very circumscribe*? spaces, that tile practica bility of being burnt on a fourpenny-piece, and having your ashes collected on a postage stamp, and being buried in a portmonnaie, at once occurs to you. The first time I visited the Columbaria, the custode took out of a jar originally, so it seemed, intended for Bengal chutnee—a handful of little bits of black stuff, and told me that was a Roman senator. Yes; and it might have been Cleopatra, or Marc Antony, or Alexander, or the Lady of Shalott, or the coster monger's baby burnt to death in the back garret in Eethnal Green last Monday was a fortnight. We packed very closely, and give very little trouble when we are in a jar, calcined and pow dered fine, that is certain. They might make a good pigment for house painters out of a senator, and consular ashes might be useful in bleaching If i?ftn • Do you know the bone-grubbing purlieus of Kfn?n.l Green, or the great Croquemort prome nade on the way to Montmarte or Pe>e la Chaise, or Stonecutters-row in the Euston road, or Greenwood Cemetery in New York? Take all the tombs and statues, tear op the vaults, lay bare the catacombs, break them up into fragments large and fragments small, play at ninepins with them, half hide them in the earth, let grass cover and weeds choke them ; grow the acanthus on the Corinthian capital, and let the thistle riot over the cornice— "down with the nose, down with it flat, take the bridge quite away"—from legions of bodiless heads, and shear the arms and legs from legions of headless marble bodies. Let this be a valley of dry bones, of petrified Chelsea and Greenwich pensioners. Turn the whole chaos loose in the building yard of a Lucas or a Cubitt, after a long strike, or a longer lock-out. Shoot the rubbish of ages there; sprinkle with dust and innumerable brickbats, and serve hot, with trailing vines, &ad; a bright sun, and a blue sky for sauce. This is the Appian Way. We come on the meet at hut The sight we saw fully atoned for the delay we had expe rienced in reaching it. There were the hounds —thirteen couple and a half, I think, they told me—tile half being a young dog of piecrust and-creamy hue, who would wag his tail at the wrong time, and was continually incurring per sonal chastisement on that account. There were the English gentlemen riders and the English lady riders, and a very fair muster of noble Romans, some of whom appeared in true British scarlet and top-boots, while others favored us with jackets and jockey caps of black velvet, and varnished boots reaching mid thigh. The show of horse-flesh was capital; and as regards the noble sportsmen who had not brought then- own hunters with them, but were content to hire them at the rate of forty francs fot the day, the exhibition reflected the ' highest credit on Mr. Jarrett, who appears to be the QuartermaineYof Roman livery stable keepers, and whose little son, in the quietest and prettiest of hunting gear, and mounted on a very strong hone, distinguished himself greatly daring the day, and took some of the stififest leaps attainable. There was a tent at the trysting place, and external symptoms, in the shape of hampers of •hainpagne, that something good was going on inside. Not being a subscriber to the Boman Hunt, I could not, of course, push my enquiries in this direction farther. Them was a great master of private carriages—many of the most recherchi equipages yon meet on *he Pincian, with tbeir most recherchi occapVnts, were indeed present—while the "ruck" was made up of yard barouchess such as our own. The familiar sound of one's mother tongue were con tinually audible; and mi occasional "melodious twang" with "I guess," or "Oh, my!" or " Yes, sir," to give it zest, led to the conclusion that the American as well as the British ele ment was "on Land." After some 20 minutes giggling and gossipping, and mutual inspection through eyeglasses, the huntsmen, the hounds, and the noble sportsmen decamped from the trysting place, and the people who had come in carriages hastily alighted in order to follow the bunt on foot. Then did the historian see sights. The noble sportsmen were subject to a test of almost a crucial nature before the real business of the day began. The expanse on which the tent had been erected was separated from the wide waste of the Campagna by a long stone wall of considerable steepness—a very Irish looking wall, and a yery ugly one, to boot There were ao gates in it, and no gaps ; and unless you went a quarter of a mile to the right, and struck the Appian Way, there was no dodging it. The wait I am proud to state, was taken, the majority of instances, "in style." Now and then a horse would smell the wall, and prudently wheel away from it One obstinate grey declined to do mare than stand with his two fore feet on the coping, and insinuatingly endeavor to wriggle his rider off his back; and one evil-tempered animal, a bright bay, fairly showed the wall a clean pair of heels, and bolted back towards the arch of Drusus. The whole field, however, got over at last ; at least, that portion who couldn't manage the leaps got through, the walL A mob of contadini, ragged, active, and vociferous, started np from the adjacent tombs as though they bad been made ghouls, aad very soon made practicable breaches in the barriers by the simple process of pulling down the loose stones; for no mortar had been used in their structure. This kind of thing went on for a full hour and a half, tho noble sportsmen meandering about the Campagna under the guidance of the hunsman, and tho pack wagging their +^n« jn unison, or keeping them in a state of quiescence in apparent obedience to the nod or the wink of th? whipper-in. It was very pretty to see the ladies " schooling " over the walls, or when their came an hedge with too much brushwood about it, to see the corps of mounted pioneers ' lop away the impertinent twigs lest the Amazons should scratch tbeir pretty faces as they swept { through. At about 2 o'clock it occurred to me that the excitement of the chase would be very much : enhanced if such an article as a fox were added to it. It was very clear, as the condemned criminal remarked to the ordinary when the Sheriff looked at his watch, and observed that it was growing late, that the fun couldn't begin without him. An English friend volunteered the informa tion that he had met ths fox, the day before yesterday, on quite another road, and going in the direction of the Porta del Popole, to keep an appointment, it is to be presumed, at a private hen-roost. For my put, I could not divest my?elf of the impresrion that the fox ; was still squatting snugly at the bottom ?fthe Tomb of Cecilia Metella, lunching of a cold ohioken, and repeating that it was very un genteel behavior on the part of the gentlemen of the Boman Hunt to keep him waiting so. There was plenty of cover, both in the under brush of the slopes and in the inexhaustible graves, and for another half-hour the huntsman went poking about, followed by bis dogs. At every moment I expected ta see a gentleman with a brush scurry out, and, indeed, I should not have been surprised had he sallied forth, with a shovel-hat and bands, and buckles in bis shoes. But no fox appeared, and in default of reynard, I was fain to admire the dashing horse manship of Mr. Jarrett's little boy, and the equally intrepid amazonship of a lady who stuck at nothing, and went at everything, who was capitally mounted, and did not look more than dix-and-twenty, and who, I was told, was Miss Charlotte Cashman, the tragic actress. Lady Macbeth foxhunting! I was quite prepared after this to see the ghost of Cecilia Metella, taking the lead, or Galla Pladda flying over a , five-barred gate. They found a foi soon after this, appropriately enough, in a tomb; and here the duties of the scribe come to an end. I may well be excused from accumulating any more solecisms on mat ters which Ido not understand. I have come to the conclusion that hunting is a very abstruse science, and that, in addition to the intense study it requires, you most be born to it. The Duchess of Berry, it is said, once wit nessed a cricket match gotten np by some Eng lishmen at Dieppe for her special delectation. After some hours' batting and bowling, in a broiling sun, she asked "when the game was goiog to begin." She had mistaken all the batting and bowling for mere preparation. Thus may I have made too light of all the meandering and the poking about, and have seen a fox hunt without being aware of it. I beard in the evening that the fox, though hunted, was not killed. After a sharp run the poor little beast took refuge (always consistent) in another tomb, and they benevolently left him there to be bunted another day. At the last meet an enthusiastic English sportsman insisted that the fox should die the death, and, having some lucifer matches in bis pocket, he smoked him out of his earth, and so delivered him to the dogs and secured bis " pad." I don't know what lady had the brush.— By O. A. Sola. 