THE FARM, THE CITY, AND THE SEA. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XI. SOON after breakfast Miss Norris, the morning governess, arrived, when the three elder children went into the schoolroom with her, and Ann took baby into the nursery. Her duties for the forenoon were to take a general look over the children's ward- robe, and to keep baby out of mischief. The latter duty was perhaps the most difficult one that Ann had ever attempted: for as the child had hitherto been allowed to have his own way in everything, he was naturally inclined to rebel against the gentle restraint which Ann saw it necessary to impose upon him. He was a fine little boy—in fact, they were all very pretty children, and Ann thought it was a pity that they should have been made so unloveable, by over-in- dulgence. Poor Mrs. Billeter saw less than half the faults of her children; and, like many other fond mothers, she was too ready to let her feelings master her judgment in diciplinary matters. In consequence of her frequent ailments, her children had been almost wholly left to the care of Sally, and they would per- haps have been safer in charge of a well-trained collie dog. That afternoon was wet, consequently the children could not be taken out for their usual walk, and they were very unruly indoors. Never was poor Ann's patience so severely tried, and many times she was all but resolved to go up to her mistress and give notice to leave. She was not collected enough to reflect that all children have not been spoiled by a silly Sally, and she hastily concluded that any situation in life would be preferable to that of a nursemaid. The next morning she arose and dressed herself by candlelight, in order to enjoy half an hour's quiet reading and meditation. Whether she fell asleep again when on her knees by her bed-side, or whether her mind was wholly absorbed in her devotions, is un- certain, but she did not know that her tormentors were awake until she felt Master Alfy jump on her back. Making a bridle of her long hair, he drove his heels into her sides, and bade her, in jockey's lingo, to "gee up." "O, Master Alfy," exclaimed Ann in surprise, "You must not be so rude. Get off my back, sir, and let me get up. It is very naughty of you, Master Alfy. I certainly must tell your mamma." "Come up! come up!" responded the boy; while his brother Watty was applying means which are some- times used to stimulate a fallen horse to regain its legs. "If you don't get off my back directly, sir, I shall rise, and then you will fall, and perhaps hurt yourself. O do get off, Master Alfy, there's a dear child." "Gee up! Hooroo!! Come up, lazy-bones!" shouted the boy, at the same time he used one of Ann's hair pins as a substitute for a spur. The latter expedient had the effect of making her jump up so suddenly that her rider fell off behind, and struck his head against the comer of a trunk. His loud outcry was a pretty sure sign that he was hurt, and Ann said all she could to soothe him; but the more she con- doled with him the louder he cried, until the uproar aroused his father, who presently entered the room, in his dressing gown, and asked impatiently, "What is all this racket about?" "Nursey knocked me down, pa!" roared the boy, rubbing his damaged head. "Knocked you down! How dare you do such a thing, Ann?" "If you please, sir, Master Alfy got on my back, and would not get off." "Got on your back! What do you mean by allow- ing him to take such a liberty?" "I did not allow—" "Don't speak to me in that way! Knock my children down, indeed! You leave my service this very day; do you hear?" "Yes, sir. I shall be very glad to go, for I cannot manage your children at all." "Now you shall not go to-day, for your impudence. I'll make you stay your month out; and I will see that you shall manage my children; and only let me hear of your laying your hand on one of them, again, that's all. Come here, my boy!" "I did not lay my hand on the child, sir." "I do not wish to have anything more to say to you," interrupted Mr. Billeter, who then took the sobbing boy in his arms and left the room. Through- out that morning Mrs. Billeter's manner was less affable than it had been before. Ann several times attempted to explain the cause of the disaster to Master Alfy, but was stopped by her mistress saying that she did not wish to hear any more about it, as it would only excite her. She hoped that Ann would try in future to keep peace in the nursery by gentle means. The afternoon was fine, so Ann was told to take the children out for an airing on Hyde Park. As she was crossing the roadway behind St. James's Church, one of the boys, who would not keep by her side, was very nearly run over by an omnibus, which gave Ann a shock that she did not get over for an hour or more. Soon after they had entered the park, Miss Margey exclaimed, "Oh! there is little Johnny Green, and Susy Drew;" and away she ran towards a group of children, who were romping beneath a clump of trees, while three nursemaids were sitting together behind a paling, and two young men were lying fiat on the grass, sunning their backs, and talking nonsense, or something worse, to the giggling girls. "Miss Margey! Miss Margey! Come here, dear," called Ann; "You know your mamma told you to mind what I said to you." "I am only going to play with Master Green and Susy." "But I wish you to play by yourselves. Now come and sit down beside me under this nice tree, and I will give each of you an orange, by and bye." "No we won't," said Watty, resolutely; "Sally always let us play with those little boys and girls. Come on, Alfy." Away ran the two boys and Margey, leaving Ann with the baby, who was crying to go too; Ann was fairly perplexed. Calling to the runaways was useless; and she knew that to go and drag them away from their playmates would provoke a scene which would not be charming, so she sat down at a little distance from them, but near enough to hear all they said. Presently she heard one of the nurse- maids remark, "The new girl is too proud to speak to us, I suppose. I wonder what her name is? I say, Margey, what's vour nurse's name?" "Ann," replied Margey. "No, it's Judy," roared Watty, whereupon all the children laughed. "O, Ann, is it?" said the nurse girl. "I thought so, she looks so modest about the mouth." "Yes, she looks as if she could'nt bite an oyster," said another of the girls; then calling to Ann, she asked why she did'nt come over and be sociable? "Come on, Ann, we won't give you the measles." "Ay, come over and sit in my lap," said one of the young men. Ann did not reply, nor did she look towards them, so they all began to "chaff her," —as it Is commonly called—and some of the remarks of the young men were so indecent that she determined the children should not stay to hear; so she went up to them and peremptorily ordered them to come away with her, which they flatly refused to do. "Bravo, Margey! Tha't the way to talk to her. Well done Watty!" shouted the young men, who had had many an afternoon's flirtation with Sally, so they knew the children's names. "Tha't right, kick at her, Alfy, if she collars you! Ha, ha, ha! Bravo! You are a reglar little game cock!" Thus encouraged, Alfy threw himself on the grass and kicked at Ann, while Watty dodged behind a paling and pelted her with orange peel. Finding it impossible to manage the boys, and being most anxious to get the girl out of hearing of the lewd remarks of the young men, Ann seized Margey' s arm and dragged her away, struggling and crying. She went straightway home, and was about to tell her mistress what had occurred, when she interrupted her by asking in an excited manner, "Where have you left the boys, Ann?" "They are on Hyde Park, ma'am. They would not come home with me." "On Hyde Park! Bless me! However could you leave them there, Ann? What a very simple girl you must be. Go back immediately, and bring them home." Away went Ann on her disheartening errand, and when she got to the entrance of the park she saw the boys coming; but instead of walking home beside her they ran on before her, and had told mamma their version of the story before Ann could obtain a hear- ing. "You must not go on to the park again with the children, Ann, if you cannot keep by yourself. I have a very strong objection to gossiping," said Mrs. Billeter, looking very suspiciously at Ann, as she re- entered the house. "I assure you, ma'am, that I dislike gossoping also. I have never been accustomed to it;" replied Ann, blushing with honest pride. "Who were those young persons that you were with on the park, Ann?" "I was not in company with any one, ma'am. There were several young women, in charge of children, on the park, but I do not know them, neither do I wish to know them, and I never spoke a word to them. The boys have told me that there were two young men talking to you, Ann." "There were two young men lying on the grass, and gossiping with the young women I have alluded to; and they made so very rude remarks to me, ma'am; but—" "Why did you go near them, Ann?" "I was obliged to go near them in order to keep near to the children, ma'am." "But you should not have taken the children into such company. I certainly am surprised at you. Ann. I thought you knew better. Whatever would Mr. Billeter say if he knew it! There, don't say any more to me now, if you please; I am quite excited. Go and give the children a bath; I never saw them come home in such a dirty state." It would be wearisome to describe all Ann's troubles throughout that week. I have given specimens enough to show the peculiar difficulties of her situation; but I do not wish it to be supposed that she had a hard place, or a bad master or mistress. On the contrary, the servants in that house had more than usual liberty and licence, for there was not a perfect lock in the place; and even the cellar door had not a key. It is true Mr. Billeter was very excitable, and some of his servants had called him a molly-coddle; but, like many other public men, he had a good deal to harass him in his official routine, and when in his own house he was disturbed and put out of temper by trifling occurrences, which other men differently constituted, or with less exhausting vocations, would have allowed to pass unnoticed. The invalid condition of his wife, too, obliged him sometimes to look after domestic matters, which are usually considered outside the pale of a master's interference. Sally had been a favourite with him because she seemed to be devotedly attached to the children, and she always contrived to keep them as quiet as images when their papa was at home. He had no opportunity of seeing what Sally was when out of his house, but inside it he observed she always appeared to be in a good temper, and that he thought was the best quality a nurse could have. To keep children, of such a tender age, out of positive mis- chief, was, in his opinion, the most important con- sideration, and he was too great a public man to devote much time to mere elementary matters of edu- cation, which it was the duty of the governess to attend to. He usually took them to church on Sunday mornings, and always saw that they behaved with becoming reverence during Divine service; and he probably considered that his family duties were done when he returned home again. "I really do not know how Sally managed those children. It is certain that I cannot manage them at all;" remarked Ann, with a sigh, as she sat at the tea table in the servants' hall, one evening, after a very exciting day. "She did partly by blarney, and partly by bounce; and that's the way you will have to do it;" replied the cook, laughing. "By bounce! What do you mean?" asked Ann. "She surely did not beat them!" "No, I don't say she beat them, but she used to blow them up sky-high, and half scare the wits out of them, by making them believe that all sorts of ugly things would come down the chimney at her call; and she made the queerest noises through her nose that I ever heard in my life; I think she must have taken lessons from a mountain goat." "How is it that the children liked her, if she treated them in that way?" "Liked her! Why she was a regular witch at wheedling people, and could make anybody like her, if she wanted to. She used to let the young ones have pretty much their own way; but for all that she could make them do what she liked, with a mere look or the turn of a finger; and they would never dare to tell their mamma of Sally's doings out of doors, lest she should call half a dozen hobgobblins down the nursery flue, to fly away with them when they were in bed. She used to tell stories about ghosts, and banshees, and fairies; and the young ones were never tired of listening to them; but it made them so scared and timid, that they would not be left in the nursery half a minute, without a light, for all the sugar-plums in Svdney." "Didn't mistress know anything of that?" "Not she, indeed! though I think she began to suspect that Sally was not just the thing; but the master never would hear a syllable against her; he thought she was a wonder. Mr word! if he had only known that she used to frighten the children to sleep, by fastening, clothes-pegs on her fingers (to represent skeleton's bones), and rattling them over their heads in the dark, he would have gone up stairs and pitched her out of the nursery window." 