PARISIAN THEATRICALS, MUSICS AND FASHION, (From our special correspondent.) Arrangements have been made to supply our readeis with an original letter from Paris every mail, containing the latest news on matters connected with the world of music and fashion. We now publish our first letter:— PABIS, May 21,1870. The Gauls have ever been a play-going people, and France appears to supply the world with dramatic, as she does with fashionable literature. A successful writer of a drama, comedy, or opera, is a more important personage, than a brilliant minister or a successful politician. Sardou, Dumas, and Offenbach, are names to conjure with, and Patrie and the Grande Ducherse, excite more interest, than any reforms of the constitution. Amusement is as much a daily necessity for the French, as their wine and sonp, hence, why some five and twenty theatres are supported—some subi ventioned by the state—the French Opera alone, receiving an annual subsidy of nearly one million of francs. Tragedy days are over—Moliere lives, but Racine and Corneille are forgotten—or can only have their works galvanized, when a Rachel appears. But it is in such case, the artiste, nop the anthor, which draws. The first representation of a new piece "all Paris," makes it a duty to attend,but the judgment of the work; rests with about 300 persons, whose opinion damns or makes it. Their decision is always just—they have no special education—but an acquired taste as the bath-man knows the temperature of the water by a plunge of the hand, without any thermometer. No claque can cry np. or decry a play, their hosannas or hisses, are impotent before real merit. The position of theatrical artistes is not socially, the church marries and buries them. where formerly it ex-communicated, while levying black mail on the receipts of the "devil's profession," to support the sick and needy. There is no censorship now, the public is entrusted with this duty. Authors are paid for their works, hy one-fifth of the receipts, and ten per cent, is deducted from all money received, for charitable foundations. The Green Rooms were formerly tbe most coveted centres of attraction, for gossip, wit, and scandal, and when two actresses were at daggers drawn, they settled heir disputes in these rooms, by a tongue fight, where repartees as to age and dress, were prepared before hand, but which the impromptu rejoinder,---iidt unfrequently proved, more pointed and successful. Flava is the title of a one act drama, at the Odeon theatre. It represents weariness with this life. Flava is a dame aux cameetias in tbe time of Nero and Caligula, for under the Roman Empire, the sage the philosopher, and the voluptuary hastened to shuffle off the mortal coil. Epicureanism and Stoicism made suicide fashionable, the poisoned cup was drank at the supper party withont regret, and the guests departed from the banquetting hall and life, at the same time, reopened their veins in the perfumed bath of Petrona. Job was not more despairing than Marcus, • AureliuB on his throne, or Severus, who having been everything in his day, declared on his deathbed, llife was not worth ltjall. Goethe and Byron have given UB plenty of splenetic characters, and if Christianity has not killed| melancholy, it has tanght to look towards heaven. Disgusted with life, Flava provides.herself with poison, but her heart which she believes dead, falls hopelessly in love, with the young slave Armor, sou of a dethroned Gaulish king. She offers him liberty—but not to leave her—be refuses.it, and she drains the fatal cup. In the meantime, Armor is rescued by his soldiers. Flava is now his prisoner —he loves her—comes to offer her a seat on his granite'throne. In an ectasy of delight, Flava becomes pale, stifled, and falls dead in the arms of the. Gauls. The] Vaudeville is one of the newest and prettiest theatres in Paris, but is very unfortunate in obtains ing successful new plays, although it gives ns one such, nearly every week—the latest being the Revolts where a M: Felix, andjhis wife Elizabeth manage one of those Lilliputian banking establiahments so common in France. The curtain on rising, introduces ns to the conple, seated in an apaitment, half office, half drawing room. Elizabeth, like all lady cashiers in Paris, wears the orthodox black silk and snowy cuffs, as she strikes her balance, by lamp-light. Her husband sits in an arm chair, talks of business. He is as stupid as a golden calf, divides humanity into an affair of simple profit and loss, to- be ruled by single and double entry. It is midnight, the sound of carriage wheels ia heard in tbe court yard. Madame prays her husband's peculiar attention for a few minutes. She has debited him with half the commissions, and her salary as cashier for four years, and put to his credit tbe half of her fortune as legally flue to him. The balance is for hersslf. She annonnceB her intention to break the silver chain which has tied her to the desk since tbe day after her marriage—she dreams of another existence wbeie her yonth will not be consumed in inch an atmosphere—among the stars— in the seventh blue heaven. She cares as little for her daughter as for her hnsband, who, instead of barring tbe exit of his wife, and sending for the doctor to treat her hysteria—allows her to depart. He faults—blubbers like a child—the orchestra accompanying his sobbing symphony as a de profimdis. This man of wood—this piece of five francs, has after all a heart—and proves a pathetic husband. One, two, three, four o'clock strikes, and Madame returns, after hrr Asmodean drive around the vice and misery of the city, cured of her dreams of an ideal life, and resumes the practical duties of book-. keeper. The revolt of the harem is thus con' qnered. The Oluny theatre has brought out a pretty comedy in three acts—Boule de Niege or the Snow Ball—which is the school of scandal of village life. Madeleine is a young orphan, sought in marriage by a dandy, to be revenged, circulates in« sinuations against Madeieine, until they culminate in the calumny, that she has been the mistress of her guardian, which explains the facility of passing her on to Jacques, who becomes apprised of the horror, immediately after the marriage ceremony. The bride repels the slur on her virtue with all the force of virginal purity* Jacques believes, and illustrates it at the expense of his defeated rival. Voltaire saidjthat it is to two Cardinals, France is indebted for tragedy and opera. Richelieu produced Corneille and Mazarin introduced to the Italian opera. The latter has never taken root in France and has only of late been saved from death, by la Diva Patti, the sweetest of all the nightingales. As said Rossini the French opera has three establishment in Paris, the grand opera being an institution, Becond only to the government—and to lodge it suitably, the city has been erecting for the last nine years, a building at a cost of 25 millions of francs. Scribe, and Archer, contributed to make the French Opera what it is, Rossini stamped his genius on it, as well as those two Germans Meyerber and Offenbach. The grand opera represents but three times a week, and .t is here, that Madame Cavalhomarie Sass and Nilsson, warble their native woodnotes wild aided by tbe famons tenors, Faure and Collin. The ballet divides the glory with the music of the corps de ballet, the fair sex enter on training as early as three years of age. The Academy of Music, educates graluituously, pupils of both sexes, for the opera and theatre, a preliminary examination of ability, being the only title to admfssion. Everthing in France is said if not to commence at least to end iu singing, and the knowledge of the works of the best composers is very generally spread among the masses. The Cafe Concerts are numerous, those of the Alcazar and El Dorado, being nnrivalled in and prove a capital nnrsery ground for the future stars. It is not only in the melody, but in the witticisms of the ballads, that the French seek their keenest pleasures, and if they are strangers to such songs as "Not for Joseph," "Champagne Charley," and " Up in a ballon," they have plsnty of Sapphic odes, executed with every Lesbian tenderness instead. The Theatre Ttalian has closed for the season, with Lucrezia Borgia who poisoned her gueBts for the last time. Mr Alfred Holmes had previously prodnced bis Jeanne <TArc, and proved a better conductor thau au hor. Voltaire observed that the most remarkable circumstance in the history of the Maid of Orleans, was having preserved her purity amidst so many cavaliers. All attempts to put the history of Joan into a dramatic symphony, have failed, from Verdi to Duprez, and Holmes is only another victim. The overture is too copious. ennuyeuse, and the score is but a series of ritomelloi, The war-march is very martial and the melody original, and the " battle " is a happy melody of instrumentation, a little too full of details. A pleasing effect is produced by a combination of the harp and violins—not new it is true, but never* theless agreeable. Mille Erauss sang her best, in the only two good airs in the piece, bnt the opera fell coldly on tbe honse. Benedict was more successful in his cantata of St Cecilia, and won the sympathy of Parisian critics who are ever down on English composers. His services were given in aid of the children of poor musicians. and the applause must be attributed to real merit,|not to that" charity" which covereth a multitude of sins. M- Jules Cohen is a practised composer, but bis new oper Dea is not up to the mark. Beethovep on one occasion listened for two hours to the improvisations of a rising pianist, and at lasf demanded "When, Sir, will you be pleased to commence. The music is just in a like category. The melody flows in the piece clear, bat a^ monotonous as a river in a flat country. The subject is founded on an incident ofa lady of Lima, whose infant- has been stolen by the Indians of the Pampas. For fifteen years Sen5ra weeps her loss ever new and her sou and a French botanist at last discover her in Akansia, her Indian name. The son and botanist both fall in love with la belle sausage, and tbe mother recoils before the incestuous love, till the chiefs announce the true TJea died years ago ard Akansia is another stolen child. The botanist resigns his claim. In the first act there is a pretty solo, soft and melancholy, where Dea renders her " mother's song," apd the waltz movement is excellent. The tenor Bir " Upon the blue waters'of tbe Amazon," is charming and the duet between the youthfnl lovers a success. All else is but leather and prunella. : Chamber concerts are only fashionable during Lent—when tbe professional stars reap a golden harvest. Among the dieasof private life, Mesdames Conneau, mother of the Prince Imperial's bosom friend, and Monlton from the States, are deservedly admired. ! Frenchmen-are the worst dressed in the worid, notwithstanding they patronize English tailors—and Frenchwomen,|whether she be ducbessor bourgeoire, each;Frenchwoman dresses gracefully and fashionably; there is no ". wild disordtr " in their chiffons bnt an attractive coquettishness. Tbe chief dress - making establishments are directed by men; among the principal is Wnrth—and in this case, if worth does not make the man, it does the lady. Each ''house*' has its artist to design something new, and publishes engravings of the latest modes• In addition models in pasteboard or more expensive, dollsi completely fitted out, are sent to every part of the world. It is the <a soiled dove " that first displays anything "revolutionary 3 '.—but she is '"got up" so, by isome speculative establishment, as an actress, in the leading role of a new piece, is turned out by a jointpstock combination of silk, lace and jewel manufacturers. It is not the Empress who gives lavs to fashion generally—although she has her special staff of the " Nothing to Wear *' artistes, at the Tuileries. The true law giver compose a trinmvivate jf the Princess Mettermich, the countesses Pourtalles and Gallifet. The Princess Saigon represents the opposition; and the Baroness Erlanger (neS Slidel) the ladies of the " Fifth Avenue. " China crape of every variety is decided upon as - the leading material for tbe season, it is employed as trimmings, tonics or -skirts,-and being of various widths is very advantageous. For morning costume, percale, green, blue, lilac, roses, &c..; with small -white stripes and a wide bnt narrow flounce £or!the skirt -and 'tunic is veiy fashionable. The wide flounce generally consists 'of three wide bands, dolor .of the material with a.white insertion resembling Valenciennes lace. The Foufrou robe is also mneh worn with. small gauge flounces pinked np with taffetas—and a novelty—the Brigand, is a cape, low cut behind the neck in the shape ofa heart, the revers falling gracefnlly npon each shoulder. Lace mantles are as hitherto patronised largely. The bohhets have fronts, crowns, and curtains, but don't imagine the light of other days has returned—they are perched on the top of the bead leavine'the chignon free. Young girls wear their hair quite combed out and falling in a natural wilderness on the back—and an attempt is made to revive the two rats' tails. Paillasse hats setting on «ie top of the head bntterflj fashion, are frequently met with, ornamented with flowers and ribbons. • For young gentlemen .there is a new scarf in satin, of two colors, the. centre, Jor example in blue with numerous frills, the lappets Bmall in black. SMALT. Pox—In Russia vaccination is not comprulsory. 'According to' official returns 10,350,000 persons have died of small pox in this country during the last seventy years. ; Cabs.—It is proposed to paint the cabs different colours. Cabs at sixpence per mile are to be painted yellow, those at ninepence scarlet, and those at a shilling blue. They are. also to have coloured lamps. —European MaiL The following advertisement appeared in the columns of a country newspaper,:—" Lost by a poor boy; tied no in a brown paper with a white string, a German flute in an overcoat, and several other articles of wearing apparel. Two lads in the gallery of the Dublin Theatre, hearing a doubtful debutante singing, called to one another, " Pat, what's that ? " "That ! Oh, I think that's the gas a-squeaking," ALIVE lit TUB DBAD- HOUSE.—The San Francisco Atla California gives an account of the experience ofa German wbo waB supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead* tonse attached to the hospital in which he had beon under treatment:—"Thebody was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already l)een placed, and between them. The cover waa put on and the keeper of the dead-honse retired for the night. A boat midnight a lend screaming and yelling of the most UD.earthly character was heard in the dead- house. The keeper of the dead house waB sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought con ceal— ment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the deadhouse and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hoars previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted oatright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, bnt the next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, when he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself :—" Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor csme to me and said I was very sick. He went away, and after he vent away I fell BBleep. I knew nothing more til I voke in the night, and there was no light. I den put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to Tone side to try for the bedcloths, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bedcloths, and och, vat you think I got— vy a ded man ! Dere he vosj eoldenongh sure. I roared wid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven sure I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up my head' struck] a board that waB covering me. "Oh," said I, " vot does this mean, vere am IP Am I ded P" and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands aad feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself, I was not shure. I bad a ded man's dress on me- At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I oome to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here." 