EXECUTION OF ROSS. (Rockhampton Bulletin, November 22.) THE criminal, Donald Boss, convicted at the last assizes for the murder of George Rose, at Springsure, was executed in the Rockhampton Gaoi on November 21, at 8 o'clock. He had previously made a full confession of his guilt. Soon after 7 a.m. the Rev. J. Carson attended the prisoner, and remained with him till the last. By half- past 7 the Deputy Sheriff, W. H. Wiseman, Esq.; the health-officer, Dr. Salmond; the police, under Sub-Inspector Elliott, and other officials had arrived. About thirty persons who had obtained tickets were admitted at a quarter to 8, and assembled in the court-yard in front of the gallows. At seven minutes to 8 the bell was tolled, and tbe prisoner appeared with bis arms pinioned so tightly that his hands were quite livid. The procession to the gallows was headed by Hutton, the hangman; Key. James Carson, the officiating clergyman, followed, reading suitable passages of scripture; next came the condemned man, guarded by a warder oa each side, and one behind him. On arriving at the foot of the scaffold, the Rev. Mr. Carson prayed with Boss, who was much agitated, and seemed to join earnestly ia the prayer. At 8 o'clock Ross ascended the steps, trembling greatly, and being led by one of the gaolers, the Rev. Mr. Car son following. On reaching the platform, the rope was adjusted round bis neck by the execu tioner, and he then addressed the spectators in the following brief sentences: "My dear friends, let this be a warning to you. May God have mercy on all your souls." And then, in a tre mulous voice, scarcely audible, said:—" O Lord, my God, unto thee I commend my spirit this morning. Look upon a poor miserable •inner. O Lord God, have mercy upon me, and pardon all my sins." The white cap was then drawn down over his face, and tied round the neck. The Rev. J.Carson again prayed,stand ing beside the condemned man, saying, " Into thy merciful hands, O Lord, we commend the soul of this thy servant, now about to depart from the body. Receive him, we humbly beseech thee, into the arms of thy mercy, into the glorious society of the saints in Heaven. Amen." Then, taking Boss by the hand, tbe minister continued: " God the Father who hath created thee, God ths Son who hath redeemed thee, God ths Holy Ghost who hath infused His Grace into thee, be now and evermore with thee; assist the* in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlastin* life. Farewell" The minister shook hands with him, and retired. The executioner finally adjusted the rope, moved off the platform, knocked out ths bolt, and the unfortunate man fell to a depth of ten feet, the head striking ths back of ths scaffold in ths fall, and ths body afterwards swaying to and fro for a few minutes. There was no sign of a struggle risible to ths majority of ths bystanders, but one or two who were sloes to the eeaflbld perceived a slight twitehiag of the legs, doubt less caused merely by contraction of ths muscles. The body hung for a full half hour, and Dr. Salmond having frit ths pulse and pro nonnesd the man dead, the body was cut down by tho hangman, and placed in ths sofln. Ths visitors after signing the certificate in the usual form, that dseeassd had come by his death by ths hands of justice, retired. The faos was very much discolored, and blood ooaed from the month. Ths corpse was than removed to the cell which had been occupied by dessassd, and ajMstf mortem examination was made by Dr. Salmon and Dr. Thon. It was found that the neck was completely dislocated, and death most have been instantaneous. Ths lid of tbe coffin was fastened down, and at 9 o'clock Mr. Tucker, ths undertaker, arrived, and ths remains were conveyed to the esmstsry, and interred, the Be*. Mr. Carson standing, and reading the funeral service. It must be satitmetory to ths jury, and all concerned in ths trial and execution of Boss, to have his own s/*"«migw as to his guilt. In his case, there has been no miscarriage of justice. From ths Rev. Mr. Carson ws learn that Boss was a native of Scotland, county of Sutherland* shire, parish of Farr, Beauty Hill. His mother is still alive, and Boss, shortly before his death, requested Mr. Carson to write to her. He said his father died when he was very young, and he did not remember anything of him. Boss never admitted his guilt until after Mr. Wiseman communicated to him the tele* gram fixing (he day for the execution. The day afterwards, Boss said to Mr. Sheehy, the governor of the gaol, " He wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmey Ah Nee was not guilty. He himself committed ths murder." This statement was put in writing, and Mr. Carson sent for. The convict then made what he called a full statement t and on a subsequent occasion he sent for Mr. Carson and mads another statement, correcting the pro* vious one as to ths poisoning. Boss was an intelligent man, and was favored with a re ligious education. During the whole time of his confinement in gaol he was very anxious for reading religious books, especially tbe Bible. Since he heard that the day was fixed for bis execution, he appeared very penitent, and was very anxious for instruction from his spiritual adviser. Mr. Wiseman had orders from Brisbane that Boss was not to be allowed to make a speech on the scaffold. Ross thought this very hard, and asked would he not be allowed to say Good-bye ? Mr. Wise man showed him the telegram, telling him he oould say good-byeif he liked. The Rev. Mr. Car. son attended Boss throughout his imprison* menk He was with him on Sunday night up to 12 o'clock, and was with him again at 7 o'clock on ths morning of tbe execution. Mr. Carson thinks that there is good reason to hope that Boss was truly penitent. He trusted in God for Christ's sake for forgiveness, and acknow ledged that he could not do anything of him self. He had not a full assurance of faith, but he trusted in God, and hoped confidently that God would forgive him. He was very quiet during his imprisonment and said very little. Under the new regulations, prisoners under sentence of death ars left alone in confinement, and not guarded by a warder as formerly. The result is, in Boss s case, that no communications were made except to the governor of the gaol or to the Rev. Mr. Carson. A Coubt of revision of ths Electoral-rolls of North Brisbane, South Brisbane, Fortituds Valley, and East Moreton will be held at ths Central Police Court on Monday next. An inquiry was instituted on Nov. 24, by the Board of Immigration into certain com- plaints preferred by Mr. Louis Michet, an im- migrant by the German vessel Humboldt against the matron and some of the officers of the vessel. The members of ths Board present at ths inquiry were:—Messrs. F. 0. Darvall (chairman), C. Coxen, J. McDonnell, and Dr. Hancock. The complaint alleged that shortly after the departure of the Humboldt from Hamburg the matron was dismissed and during the interval between her dismissal and the ap- nointment of anothsr matron, grave irregulari- ties were allowed to take place. The com- plainant also brought several charges against tbe supervision exercised by ths second matron. A great deal of evidence was taken by the Board, but the charges of Mr. Michet were not borne out by the statements of the witnesses examined. Several slight irregularities however, owing to the overcrowding of the vessel, were stated to have existed on the passage, but none of them of much importance. The report of the Board on the inquiry will be made knows in a few days. 