SP1KITUAUSM. EXTItAORDlNAIVr STATU1IUNTS BY ENGLISH NOBLEMEN. Tho Earl of Dunraven and Lord Ailara hare printed lor private circulation a volume, closely printed and of considerable size, containing fifty 1 ix carefully prepared report* of an many sh>ing§ with Mr Home. Tho Eurl of Dunraven introduces these reports with a preface, in which ho states that he wont to the investigation completely sceptical, and left it completely convinced. That is, we under stand, whut will bo reported by the Detoctire Com. mittee of tho dialectical Socinty, only that tho cotumift«G hare strictly limited their experiments to the physioal phenomena of motion without contaot, and sound without visible impact* The noble lords who are the joint authors of the curious volume to which we refer, appear to hare witnessed and tested phenomena of a very different class from those to which the Detective Committoe have direoted their experiments. In the fifty-six trials thoy hare minutely narrated, not only did they witness all that the committee have seen, but a groat deal more that was both curious and inexplicable. It seems that their investigations were made where only such an examination would be of any value-in the house of the examiner, whore he may be positively socurod against the possibility of imposture by pre -arrange ment of mechanism. I he scenes of the phenomena described by tho noble earl wore Ounraven Castle u;id his mansion in London. The authors have permitted the American newspapers to extraot largely from their volume, so that its contents are not secret. Fifty copies only were printed, aud Umbo havo been given to the friends of the reporters; the English newspapers havo not been favored with the same permission to extract frornit as was given to their American brethren-a distinction for which there appears to be no sufficient reason It can scarcely* bo that tho writers object, to publicity, for thero is no secrecy when a book ia onoe in print. Moreover, they have placed their names on the titlo-page, and thus have given the beat pledge that they describe only what they verily believe they saw. Having gone ao far, it is to bo regretted they hare not gone further, and published the work for the information of all who feel an interest in the subject of it. Lot us hope they will yet do so. Their reports are certainly very remarkable. Both attest to having se»'n Mr Home raised from the floor aud curried round the room more than onoe, in their own salons, with none present but a tew personal frieuds, and therefore making collusion impossible, aud precluding tho common explanation of delusion by the presence of six witnesses to the eame fact at the same moment. They certify not merely to having seen, but to having measured, an expanion of Mr Home's body by 6 inches in height. They have seen him carry live coals in his hand and on his head, his skin being unburnt and his hair unsinged, though themselves could not touch the coal without a burn, These are material facts about, which there can be no mistake, Hut the noble lords describe more, which is not capable of demonstrative proof, because it may be a subjective and not an objective operation ; ? that is to say, the imago may bo in tho mind only, and not actually existing without. Bat, howsoever to be explained;-both" a3sort"thutr th"6y havo"repeatedly" seen spirit forms in thoir room. They describe tbem as being extremely shadowy, rather outlines than shapos, aud therefore the psychologist may be ex* cused for setting them to the account of *. the mind'* eye" instead of tho body's eye. This is a common and a very probable result of tho adoption of tho Spiritualist view of the phenomena that undoubtedly occur; seeing unaccountable motions, and hearing inexplicable sounds that do communicate something that is intelligible, though not always intelligent, the majority of spectators, unable to find a ready solution in ptiAiology, at once set them to the account of spirits-which is a convenient solution, for it will account for anything. Profoundly convinced that all is tho work of spirits, H is not surprising that they should expect to catch some glimpses of tho invisible being* whom they believo to be moving about them. They strain their eyes to Bee. The wish is father to the thought. By au every day tendency of tho mind to think it sees what it expects to seo images roully formed in tho mind, and exist ing only there, are readily supposed to bo, and to the individual really appear to be, externa! objects; and thus, na ghosts are seen by those who beliove and fear, so spirits are seen by thoso who, firmly believ ing them to bo there, in fact hope and perliapt oxpoct to see thorn there; and vhon supposed to bo seen, the description always given of a dim outline or shadow, aomowlmt indistinct, betrays nt once the truo nature of tho vision; it is within, »nd not with out. But all of this conjoint production of Lords Dunraven and Adnro should bo read, if only ns psycologhical curiosities, and as demonstrating that it is not altogether an imposturo or a delusion, and that there is aomo substantial truth at tho^bottom of a great superstructure of imagination, whioh it behoves tho scientific world, and above all tho physiologist, to inrostigato for hirasulf. Wo have already stated with muoh oaro the reasons that havo led so many of the recent invest! 1 gators to the conclusion that tho phenomena aro not produced by invisible spiritual beings, but by tho agonoy of aomo forco proceeding from tho norve centres of one or moro of tho human beings present, whioh forco may be, and frequently is, dirooted by the intelligence of ono or moro of thoso persons, aoting either consciously or unconsciously, the general opinion being that it is an unconsoious notion either of tho brain or of ono of tho nervo centres. Where causes are SB yet obscure, wo can reason only by taking into consideration all tho conditions that nttond the exhibition of tho effeots, and soo what hypothesis they most favor. In this matter, as our readers will remember -and, if they forget, we request thorn to refer-all the conditions attending the provod phenomena not merely point dirsotly to tho agency of tho persons presont, but are entirely inconsistent with tho hypothesis of spiritual agency It is truo that tho preciBO sourco of tho intluenoe that prooeeds from the human being is as yot untraced, whether it be brain, or ganglion, or nervo; so also with the manner in which tho force actually operates upon the material bodios presented to it, and how it is directed by the intelligence of thoso presont. But, beoauso wo havo not explored and disooverod the physiology of these facts-being in truth as ig norant of it as wo are of tho manner in whioh a cabbage is converted by tho digestive apparatus into blood and flash, or how the arm obeys the will-we are not, therefore, justified in jumping at onoe to the conclusion that, beoauso we oannot aooount for it so far as our present knowledge of psyohology extends, thereforo it must bo tho work of spirits. Seeing what sorry exhibitions of intel ligence aro made in tho course of thoso phonomona -how utterly inconsistent they are with any con ceivable notion of tho spirit world-surely the rational course is to exhaust tho possibilities of physiology before wo talco rofugo in Spiritualism. Perhaps it is not genorally undorstood that Spiritual- 1 ism is something quite apart from tho phonomona we have been describing. Tho Spiritualists look upon the forco whoso existence may now bo doomed to bo proved as something quito contemptible. Upon this small basis of facts they havo erooted a gigantic struoture, ingeniously put together, and forming a shapely whole, but built of dreams. Imagination and Fanoy aro the architects! nothing of it is proved, or even capable of proof, and scarcely will uny part of it bear the touch of reason or of soientifio investiga tion. Hereafter wo may perhaps prosont to tho reader an outlino,of this marvellous orood of Spiritualism that has been thus erected upou the faot that a forco is exhibitod whon persons of a certain poouliar organisation aro present. But we are treating hero only of those physical phonojiena whioh aro obvious to the souses, and therefore oapnble of demonstrative proof. Our next work will be ail endeavor to suggest tho direction whioh physiological research should take for the purpose of tracing the influmiT to its sourco in the human organisation.- The Queen TUB VOLUNTEEB ENCAMPMENT.- The last scene but one on the You Yungs Encampment was played out on Monday (states the Argus) wlieu Colonel AnderBon and tholocal staff, baggage, &c;, came to Melbourne, leaving behind only the tents, whioh were far too wet to Blrike. Major Snee with the gun's and a few trusty meu remained acting as guard. So thorough was the soukiug the ground got, that even yesterday it wus fur Irom dry, and to move lfcht or heavy guns would have been utterly impossible. So much for the real wisdom shown in breaking up the camp. SEVERAL SMALL DIAMONDS found in Kidd's Gully, Daylenford, by Messrs, Cuzley, Thorp and Co, were brought to Melbourne for examination some days since, and one of them wa9 pronounced by Mr Brunke to be a diamond of the first water, weighing close upou one carat. Mr Ouzley asserts that stones of the sutno description as the one proved to ba a diamond have passed through his hand when washing up the tailings in large quantities. The diamond baa been left with Mr Brunke, who will be glad to show it to anyone taking an interest in the matter. Two KEMAEKABLE BEQUESTS are reported in tbe'home papers. In one case a Welsh gentleman, Mr VV. E. Williams, of Caerphilly, has left all his property, including an estate with a rent roll of between L3000 and L4000, and mineral property to the value of L.200,000, to the Marquis of Bute. The eccentric testator is said to be in no way con nected with that young nobleman, and no explana tion of his conduct appears to be forthcoming. In the other case a gentleman recently deceased, named Charles Bgan, has bequeathed L200.000 to the Roman Catholic charities of Dublin. Both bequests will tend to promote the interests of the Roman Catholic religion, but that is not the only characteristic they have in common. In ^both cases the testators proved themselves superior or inferior, which shall be said?-to the common impulse which leads most people to consign their property on their decease to relatives and friends. Certainly they hit upon very different plans for the disposal of their fortunes, and there can be no doubt at all us to which of the two alternatives they had to choose from is the noblest. If a rich man is bent upon leaving his money to strangers it is much better, of course, that he should leave it to those who are desperately in need, rather than those who are already endowed with enormous wealth fo begin with. But to most people, we fancy, it will lie rather difficult to understand how any man, especially a very rich man, can pass through life without form ing connections or friendships of a nature to induce him at the close of his career to choose somebody or eotno plurality of persons for his heir or heirs. Charity is a very glorious and beautiful impulse, and the chanty which induces rich men to give large sums during their lifetime to benevolent institutions cannot be admired too highly, but charitable bequests do not inevitably suggest this consideration that nobody can take his money with him into the next world, and that he must absolutely bequeath it somehow or other at his death. In this case of Mr Egan, for aught we know to the contrary, his iortune mny have been one which enabled him to enrich his relations and leave the L200.000 to the Dublin charities as well; but if anyone is inclined to moralise on the caprice of famt-apropos to the fact that Mr Peabody was made a hero lor his gifts to the poor of London, while Mr Egan will probably achieve more celebrity than that which may ensue from a few newspaper paragraphs-the reflection we have just set forth may help to explain that state of things. It is difficult to overrate the virtue of charitable gifts, or to underrate that of charitable bequests. THE NOTORIOUS BBOADHISAD has returned to Sheffield ; the Americans will have nothing to do with him. At a meeting of the Broadhead Emigration Committee, called together at Sheffield on purpose to hear his explanation, Broadhead stated, in the course of a long speech, that his reasons for returning to England were simply that lie could not obtain auy work in America, and that he was anxious not to spend the whole of the money which was subscribed for him and his "faintly in a fruitless search for work. He accounted for his not being able to obtain work by saying that., by the time he arrived in America, the Press had made him so notorious that no manufacturer would employ him. He now intended remaining in Sheffield, and opening a small shop. One of the members of the com mittee moved that Broadhead be called on to refuud the money which he had remaining out of that which was subscribed for him. This met with no seconder; and a resolution, that his explanation was satisfactory, and that he be allowed to keep the money, was carried. 