ST. MARY'S DO&iNiCAN; CON VENT, FRANKLIN-STREET. On Sunday^ Marcb'6th; the foundation-stone of a new Dormitory, about to he added to the Dominican Convent, Fianklin-street, was laid. At ,3 o'clock, the ceremony, which was in ac cord-Jhce with;:the Boman ritual, was com menced by the ^ery' Bev. .Tohn Smyth,' V.G., assisted by the Rev. 3. E. Tenisbn Woods and the KBv.THr. Bfcehe. There was a large num ber ' of persons present,' and in the cavity tinder the stone was placed a bottle, containing a copy of the Irish Harp, the current coins of the real»o, and thef allowing document 1 — '. Lapidem istum primarium Schoblarum Dominicarum, dominica, L Quadragessimse, die. vi, Martii, 1870, xxiv. Anno Pontificatus, D.r vN. Papse. Pii IX.; L. B. Sheil, Cathedram Adelaidensem eccupante, nunc vero Concilii Generalis fatione Koma. absente'; familise S. Dominici Tiac in Civitate Priorissa Teresa Moore ; Victoria I. , Brittaniaruui Begina, Aus tralise meridivantes, Jacobo Fergosson, egente prpcurante, Admodium ; Rev. Joannes Smyth, Vacarius Generalis, Adelaidensis ; ' Magna Fidelium Multitudine Circumstante ; feliciter in Domino Posuit.' =-? : - ' ? ' ?: \- After the stone was laid the people adjourned to the 'schoolroom -of the Convent, where a very eloquent and appropriate sermon was preached 'by the Very Ilev. J. Smythj V.G., who took his text from Gospel of St. Matthew, xxviiL*;, IS iand 20 v. 'Going, therefore, teach ye all nations ; baptising in. the name of the Father, and of the Son; -and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the World.' During his discourse ' the rev. gentleman referred to the benefit of a good$ secular educa tion,' combined with religion, and pointed out the advantage that the- 'Catholic popu lation of this ^colony had over other deno minations in an independent system of educa tion without assistance from the State. He said that the battle of the Church was fought in the schoolroom, in training np the youth 'to become respectable and religious young men and women and an Ornament to society. He also; spoke in high terms of the Nuns of St. Dominick and the Sisters of St. Joseph, who had parted with home, and friends, and the world in order to impart to the yonth a good religious and secular education. ?? . ;??? ' - After -the sermon a collection was made, which amounted to about £22. ; ; - The building, which is of agothic design, will be 41 feet long by 16 feet sis inches wide in the clear, and 22 feet six inches high. The archi tects are Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton, and the builders Messrs. Bennett &. Giddins, who have taken the contract at £311. 