UMlaraa Cimpi WAJLLAROO: WEDNESDAY, FEB. 16. THE following is a copy of the return comprising the territorial revenue derived by the Government from County Daly, together with the expenditure on Public Works, jetties and roads in the same, from 1849 to 1868, moved for by the Hon. W. MOBGAS at the commencement of the session, and obtained now, when Parliament, under ordinary circumstances, would be out of session : REVENUE FROM 1849 TO 1858. £ b d Mineral Leases and Licences Nil. Bents and Assessments 2,5,01 9 2 Sales pf Crown Lands 132 1 0 1859 to 1868. Mineral Leases and Licences 16,955 7 4 Rents and Assessments....... 21,708 7 11 Sales of Crown Xiands 74^515 7 O Grand Total... £115,807 12 5 EXPENDITURE, £ e d Lighthouse, Wallaroo Bay 105 19 9 Clearing scrub for. Roads 1,236 8 10 Jetty, Red Cliffs 1,530 1 0 PyitlUc Bids., Works, end Jmprpvts.17,509 19 8 Total Expenditure £20,382 15 3 It will be recollected that the CHIEF Seceetaby, when interrogated respecting the delay in producing this return, read an elaborate paper setting forth the abstruse nature of the calculations that had to be made, ere a document of such " a' voluminous nature " could be prepared in the Government offices. We suppose it would not have done for Mr BAGOT to have said that the department had forgotten all about the affair; and if he had we should not have believed him. Nor would it hare been quite Parliamen tary to have adduced, as a reason for the delay, the rqle which either does or might as well be in force in the Government pffices as to whatever concerns the Peninsula, that the ordinary delay and procrastination is to be stretched out several degrees. Therefore, the CHIEF SECBETABT was driven to fail back on a resource that is very common, and that temporarily serves the purpose for which it iB required very well, unless found out. After perusing the return our readers may estimate the veracity of the CHIEF SECKETARY of the Government of South Australia at what they please. But in 1 doing so we hope they will remember that, almost without exception, the whole of the information in this return, concern ing the revenue and expenditure from 1859 to 1868 is contained in two Parlia mentary papers mo?ed for and obtained by Mr BOWEB, tbp one in August, 1866, and the other in January, 1870.. The difference between the two returns con sists in the longer period over which Mr MORGAN'S stretches, the greater area comprising the whole of County Daly, it deals with, and the more elaborate charac ter of My BOWER'S which shewed not only the Territorial revenue and Public Works expenditure of the mining district, but also tl?e departmental disbursements and income/ Between both a very pretty story of Legislative folly and incapacity can be constructed. Jt wil} bp seen by Mr MORGAN'S re turn that thq Territorial revenue down to 1868 was £115,807 12s 5d, and the Public Workaejspenditure £20,382 15s 3d. The balance of. the one sum over the j oiher is something like £95,000, and if! the, return had been brought down to* 1869, we may safely say tliis balance would have been over £100,000-a good, round, full sum. When the disparity between .the two sums is noted, not the veriest blockhead -in the Legislature could contend that justice has been done to the district. * But the case is* infinitely" worse than it looks to be. In the retui-n of the expenditure there is one itepi for the jetty at Ked Cliffs £1,530 7s-a jetty that we candidly confess never to having heard of until the notice appeared of it in the Parliamentary paper, and which we are certain, not ninety-nine persons out of a hundred now know of: The story respecting it we understood to be that a township was sagaciously marked out and sold, vide receipts £132 Is in the first sec j tion of the return, and at the instigation of eomp loafing member of the Legisla ture who had an interest in the contract, a jetty was put up, for which there is not now, nor ever was, the slightest proba bility of any good resulting from. So with the half of the works. costing the £20,38? 15s. The Harbor-Master's House that cost nearly £1,300 has been pulled down. The Court at Kadina has been closed. The Powder Magazine is a monu iqeut to Legislative fo%. The money ex pended constructing all these, might just as well, as far as the public is con cerned, have been sunk to the bottQm of the sea. And of the remaining sum, the £1,286 8s lOd for clearing a road from Wallaroo to Moonta and from Moonta to Kadina, is all that can be legitimately put down for improvements, In estimat ing how the district has been used, there is the fact to be considered, that the re-! mainder of the sum principally represents' money expended on building. Post and Telegraph-Offices, Custom- Offices, and Court-Houses that bring in a large annual revenue. In 1867, the last year which Mr BOWERS' returns applies to in full,; the Telegraph departmeut brought in £646 2s2d; the post-office £1,21114s JOd; the Court- Houses for licenses, fines, &c.; nearly £2,000 and the Customs above £1000. A certain ratio of the cost of these buildings may be properly de ducted from the Territorial revenue; but, when considering the claims the district has on the Legislature, it is nonsense to debit it with the whole cost of the Custom- House which brings in an annual profit of from £700 to £800. If then, we look at the case the Legislature has supplied against it self, we find that Yorke's Peninsula! has contributed £100,000 to the revenue, from the expenditure of which it has? not derived ope sixpence benefit. If- ,yve take a more just and equitable view, the district has paid into the Treasury at least £110,000 which large sum has been made ducks and drakes of, with the full consent and approbation of the metropo litan press, wholely and solely for the' benefit of jobbing members of the Legis lature, and corrupt Ministers. We would here point out that it is utterly useless, practically speaking, for hon. members to call for such returns as we have been alluding to, unless either they or some of their colleagues take action upon them. The CHIEF-SECBETABY, by withholding the returns Mr MORGAN called for, has supplied one instance of the value our present system of Govern- J ment is to the people; for it is now impos sible anything should be done this session to rectify the wrong that has been doue to the district, and another session may'be taken up in dealing with other matters of great importance to the colony. The only use sueh returns are, as the Legisla ture is now constituted, is a purely theoretical one. The possession of them permits us to point out the glaring injustice-to use a mild word-of the Parliament. This journal has continously pointed out the subversion of written law, the equity and justice that the Parliament habitually practises. There is a law that enjoins the expenditure of one-third of 1 the territorial revenue for the benefit of the payees. Jt is impossible to contend that in the case of Yorke's Peninsula this law has received the slightest considera tion at the hands of the law makers. But even this represents bu$ a particle of the injustice that has been chronic in the Legislature. If it were possible to obtain an account of the sales of mineral leases, we should find that the rents received, the sum for applications, and the proceeds of these e^les would be about £3,000 per annum. This sum, it must be remem bered, is not made up 93 is that derived from a land 'sale. It represents an income derived from property that is, for the most part, rapidly being increased in value, and let on leases that will very soon be renewed on payment of heavy pre miums. As the depsu-tmental receipts go far towards balancing their expenditnre in most instances, and in so.me exceed them, it might have been supposed that a Legislature gifted with ordinary discre tion, receiving from the territorial revenue of a district nearly after the rate of £10.000 per annum, would have applied this £3000 of profit in assisting aud developing the staple interest of that dis trict, and the more especially as the dis trict has an export trade pf half a million sterling, which half million it expends principally with the other portions of the colony, now so sorely pushed for a market. But, what do we find? Instead of there being a railway to the interior to cheapen the necessaries of life for the people-~a railway which, if not self-sup porting, would, with the aid of this £3000, in the opinion of every sane person, not cost the polony a penny,-there hqs been £1200 expended ?* clearing scrub for roads." And instead of the mining interest being encouraged, it is legislated against qs though it were a curse- as if it were a fitting subject for pains and penalties. And to crown the injustice, let the contrast |>e $oted between the treatment of the gpld jiggers, producing at the outside £20,000 per annum, and the copper miners producing at least half a million in value. The one receives a free license and permission to occupy an allotment of Crown l^nd abundantly sufficient for residential purposes and for a garden. For leave to mine for copper, a most preposterous price, a price un heard of anywhere else throughout the colonies is paid, and the miners squat on the soil, tenants at will, under a system that permits them only to have residences, unfit for pigs, unfit for human beings to live in in any climate, so much more in this, without a foot pf garden ground, huddled together and forced to exist under such circumstances as must, as surely as there is truth in science, breed a pestilence at some time or other which will s^v eep away strong men, women, and .phildren, by the hundred into one common grave. When that day arrives, as arrive it will, we say there is not a single mem ber <5f either this or any former Legisla ture who will not, if justice sliould be done, deserve iudicting,aye, and punishiug too, for manslaughter, unless something be speedily done to prevent the expected ravages of disease. There is abundant medicql testimony to be procured to shew that we do not magnify the evil predicted. And to condemn the miners to this evil is all the legislature, receiving so handsome a revenue from the district, has done for them. Is it not time that such a Legisla ture was numbered amongst the things of the past ? IT is the old story-the last straw that broke the camel's back. The House of Assembly has been long suffering find long-enduring beyond record, but it could not stand such an insult to common sense as HUGHES'S maunderiqg respecting his resuscitated tariff that was ignominiously kicked from the walls of Parliament months ago. Ordinary Governments would have taken the rejection of their fiscal policy as a decisive notice to quit, but Mr STBANGWAYS and his colleagues are not ordinary men; and, it is fair to recollect they have not been governing in ordinary times. But there was something peculiarlyoffensiveabout the TREASURER'S manner on Thursday last. "What he said was not perhaps more anomalous, more abnormal to common sense than his sayings usually are; but it grated more harshly and unpleasantly on the ears of hon. members, fo listen to unmitigated nonsense is, without doubt, rather trying. Some persons cannot keep their seats and their tempers when they hear a speaker uttering deliberate misrepresen tations of facts. But when a shallow pated, consequential model of self-satis fied ignorance rises from his seat, repeats an offence for which he has been once corrected, and pretends to teach better men of business than himself the first letters of the alphabet in trade and commerce, all the while assuming and wishing others to assent tacitly, that he is setting forth some profound maxims in either state policy or political economy, the certain result may safely be predi cated- Even worms would turn when thus trodden upon. And so did the members of the House of Assembly on Thursday. The tariff, after being described by FISHER as an abortion, by Mr TqwysEXD as. 3 sham, as a bastard scheme, and after the TREASURER had been compared by the same hon. mem ber, under a figure of speech, to a " noodle " and a '. self-sufficient idiot," was, as Mr Gltde correctly described the process, crammed down the TREASURER'S throat. And, judged by any standard, this impotent official, this accident of office, this offshoot of a tinpot constitution, this jabber in Government banking accounts, this sanctified persecu tion of abler officials than himself, deserved no better fate. Had Mr HUGHES enjoped the good fortune of living in the good old times his sanctified face would have adorned the pillory, and the breakfast meted °ut to him would have been rotten eggs and filthy water. Now he is merely pilliored in public opinion. When he quits office it will be for the last time, ^fo Cabinet-mafcer will ever attempt the rash experiment of again dressing such very unsuitable material in the robes of office. There has not been, since Mr HUGHES made his second attempt at tariff monger ing, a shadow of doubt that it would be rejected. But that it should be rejected in so significant a fashion-without dis cussion-and without being formally offered to the House, necessitated a Cabinet Council late on Thursday night or early on Friday morning. We may be quite assured that Mr STEAITGWATS speaking in the House on Friday, gave the Cabinet verdict on the preceding day's division, although Mr BAGOT'had not returned to town from communica ting with His Excellency. In the ordinary way the Government did not in tend to take the rejection of Mr HUGHES'S tariff as a vote of no-confidence. Such a rejection was not so accepted before, and it would not have been again. Nor could there be much significance in the Chairman being moved to leave the Chair, but for the fact that the Ministry, although victorious in many a pitched battle, has sustained an extraordinary number of defeats. These defeats, taken singly, amount to no real expression of opinion, for in nearly every instance, the I action of the House has been condoned, j or hon. members have stultified them selves, by allowing the Government 9 majority when the issue point was should the Treasury benches be vacated or not ? Everyone acquainted with Parliamentary tactics is aware that, both at home and in other colouies, Ministers employ a sharp agent to act as whip for them, and save them from damaging division?. This individual is paid by Ministers out of their salaries, pro rata; and, to the fact, of the '? whip" not having become institution in South Australia, Ministers are justified in putting down their defeat on Thursday, Here, it h^s beoii understood, that notice should be given of a motion involving w^nt of confidence, and ^ spatched victory has not been considered as a decisive battle. To us 1 here is something amusing-something amounting to effron tery-in the advice tendered by inveter-: ate office-mongers like G-LYDE, REYNOLDS, SAKTO, CA.EE and BRIGHT, to Ministers to resign like honorable men. Honorable men, forsooth! The aptitude for blundering shewn by the present Government has precluded the peaceable and h^ppy settlement of q. question that may hereafter give us con siderable trouble. The protectionists of. the colony adopted the peculiarly sensible programme of being content, temporarily at least, with a very large extension of the free list. All raw goods thatthere is the ghost of a chance of their being manufactured in the colony into finished goods, were, with the common consent of both protectionists and free-traders, to come in duty free. For our own part, the project met with our hearty consent. We have advocated, and do advocate', the abolition of the ad valorem duly, which is only in scores of instances a mischevious interference with trade, and the con tinuance of a fixed duty upon some half dozen articles, that largely enter intocon sumption, and are everywhere held to be peculiarly suitable for the purpose of a revenue being derived from their taxation. It may be that as far as the protectionists are concerned this settlement was but the insertion of the thin edge of the wedge, but as it was a step in advance, and in accordance with common sense and sound political economy, it should have been honorably accepted by the Government and fairly dealt with. Then it would have laid the ghost of protection for some time, at least. We might have listened with complacency to what is perhaps the greatest lie that eyer was told, viz., that the sufferings of the poor at home are being enhanced by the fiscal policy of the country-a lie that Mr John BBIGHT would not hesitate to say could only proceed from a Bitqpleton or a knave, and only be believed by the former. But the TBEASUBEE'S blunder ing self-satisfied stupidity has marred the opportunity. After whs^t has taken place no one will believe his unsupported statement as to the revenue. It is not long since that he affirmed the necessity of more taxation. He next proposed a relaxation of subsisting cities assuring the House that he should be able to dis pense with them. Notwithstanding the great reductions that have been made in expenses, on Thursday he apologised for his abortion being such a small one, by saying, that the revenue would not per mit him to be as liberal as he would wish. Mr TOWNSEJTD in proposing to copy the Victorian tariff may have exhibited incipient symptoms of the insanity the Treasurer labors under; Mr may have earned for himself the right to wear a Parliamentary set of cup and bells by proposing to tax the pota ; toes of the poor to spite Victoria; but the palm for absolute wrongheadedness, i for persistent foolishness, belongs to Mr 1 I If GD.ES as a well-earned right. MB G-oyder.after visiting the eiteof the gold discovery at Blumberg, has recommended .th^ Government to proclaim the surrounding district-. V s gold- field. . 5,y our advertising columns it will seen that the ltex, T. Saston will deliver, the first of » series of lectures on the Wallaroo Mines, on JErK day next. The subject of the lecture is " Kea'titu« 4ion; or.- Man's moral place in the Uawotba.-^ AT the Champion .wrestling matches at -the. Globe Hotel, Moonta, on -Saturday last, a young man named John Winnow threw the late Cham* \- piou, Thomas Luke, in three hitches, in quick time. Winnow is now 6pen to challenge any one and besides this 1}® will challenge Luie to thro* him in twenty' minutes for £5. MOST important news was published by our town contemporaries, oil Monday, to the effect that a party of miners at the Barpssa diggings had bottomed on «lead at a depth of eighty feet with very good prospects. It is said there was. abundance of'cement that would goone and a» half ounces to the ton. A number of claims Were, at once marked out. ^ TpK following is the result of .the Elections for Sturfc and West Torrens that took place on Mon day :-Sturt, for Spicer, .169 ; Blyth, 77; West Torrens, Pickering, 368; Coglin, 323. The feleo. tions passed off quietly for Stnrt; but at the close, of the election for West Torrens there wen nume rous fights and disturbances. A sPECiii meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Permanent Equitable Building and Investment Society was held at Burchell's Wombat Hotel,, Kadina, on Thursday evening last. Mr T. S. Heath, who presided, delivered cui address on the advantages of Building Societies, to die wortipg classes, after which he sold three shares at the following premiums, one at £5 and two at £5 15a. The meeting then terminated vfith the usual votes of thankB. 1 AT the Criminal Sessions last'week the man who was arrested at Port Wallaroo on a charge of steaung a cheque at Port Augusta was acquitted, the man who received the cheque from him, an ostler at the Commercial Hotel, named Dbiiald, refusing to a wear that he saw it in %mo6erV possession. Sis Hono^ the Acting Chief-Jus tice drew the attention of the Crown Solicitor ta the contradictory nature of the witness s evidenca at the Supreme Court to' that given by him at the Local Court, and expressed an opinion-that he should be indicted for peijury. THE Institute at Moonta, to which we have re peatedly alluded, is not opened as yet,1 nor do we see that it is likely to be. Lately the Committee, received a telegram from the Government asking what bank the supplementary grant should ba. paid into, and,they theu thought the time had ar rived when they might take steps to bpen the building, Up- to the present time, however, they have not received the money, and the jkon tractor is therefore defrauded of his money bytho Government. The building is virtually bom-, pleted, it has beeu inspectedand passedby %he Colonial Architect; it might and was to . have been opened when the Governor was to Ihave visited the Peninsula-to start the Paramatta engine months ago,-and yet it is close4 on account of the scandalous neglect of the powers that be. We cannqt conceive why one of the member*; for tho district does not put a question in ihe Hdase to the Government on the subject. Surely thti'fsV to^epiptituaats;: A ? Qif S^tupday evening the Moonta Police appre hended & boy who seemed W-Wlhe nn^l^^of a party who h^rp for some time been^ery trouble some letting off cracfccra on. the idoru-bys of the shops to the great danger of inflammable goois, such as drapery pr pa^ra jn the 6^B. The youtb va? brought before j>r Hortoi:, JP;,on Monday and thiB being the firet offence, wifli which he had been charged, at the Truest of?th6 police he was dismissed with a severe reprimand, as a caution to-others.' At the same time it was very plainly intimated that should any other offenders be similarly plugged thevigor of thelrw would be enforced, " .i ' rrf V A oey of murder was heard "by the police at Moonta on Monday* and on hastening-to the spot they-found a half-drunken man, whohad nearly strangled big w|fe and was prpp^riqgto finish the busiqess ^rith an i^xe. -Of-course the poor wo&pan; was released from her perilous position, but. as she declined to prefer a chaise against- the l>rute who had illtreated her, nothing was? done. .He then went about the Btreets beating and illnpitig divers pprspns with a small bag of stones, and on the police interfering he adzed an axe ^nd elevating |t dared them to arrest him. They managed to arrest him without receiving injury, and he would therefore.be required to answer for his conduct at the Police Court. \ye have hot heard the result. A few words that were let fell by the Hon. W, Milne when the interim Supply Bill was under discussion in the Legislative Council on Tuesday, indicated what might happen to. the annual appropriation bp should it reach the Council. Mr Milne recommended that the in-, terim bill should be passed "as it would afford hon. members a better opportunity of urith any Bub^equenJ, bill that might bome before them." This meant, plainly enough, mianhiaf to the Appropriation Bill. The Council claims to hayea voice in the disposal of the land Fand which the Assembly has so long been exclusively making ducks and drakes of; and the Council is justified in this claim by the action of the Govern ment in disregarding Sutherland's as yet un repealed Act. But the Council -would rather not have the onus thrown upon it of stopping the salaries due to the servants of the Crown. The idea of the Attorney-General in not sooner seek ing power to pay the Government employes, un doubtedly was to force the Council either to pass his Appropriation Bill or take the responsibility of the servants of the Crown not being paid. But the covering bill being passed, the Council can now fight, if it thinks well to do so, without being at a disadvantage. The Attorney-General by way of throwing, oil upon the troubled waters hps hinted that the Appropriation Bill will be sent up in a new and acceptable form. Thb account of the accident that happened to. the Chief-Secretary, on Friday, reads like a chap ter out of the book of fate. The vehicle from which the hon. gentleman was thrown, was, says. the Register, a hired one. Interpreted, thiB means, we suspect, that it m supplied by Cobb & Co. After all that Mr Bagotliae endured on behalf of that illustrious firm, the very.least the firm could do in Return would be to find him in horseflesh. Byt the presence o£ Begot in tip Cabinet ia a Bt&nding; reminder not only to 42oVk*& Co., but to all Sonth Australia, of Abe . .dirtj pieet of jobbery that has been-perpetrated; and the firm would doubtless be much too wary to 4akeauy overt means for shelving their criBeions > friend. When lendiiyjhiin a carriage to proceed ': to Woodside, it -would .be easy, vut .of Gobb.ftiid 43o.'a«jct«nsive ;menagt^ topick a couple of fioraes behipd .which a fidgety old' gentleman triightnot-care -to sit. 'Whathappenedis, accord ing to the -g^ufer'j aceoiyitj suggestive of \- ^mctices weread of as .occasionally faking place fit Irish_ elections. Says our contemporary, -"there is an inline to -Cox's Creek, and going ^pvjl .thu the liorsea-^the ;ve^cle being a bired jone-got outpf the driver's control, rushed down £he incline and smashed the trap against the buttress at the bridge, throwing the Chief .Secretaiyover the horses <md several feet beyond, 4*here lie alighted first op jus head, the force of .Abe fell.beingbroken bj his h%t." Mr Bagot wag joonveyed hackto Woodside and Br Moore-and MxsBsgotwere sent for. He remained at Wood aide that day and night and was removed home ..on the Saturday, where, according to the latest ' .accounts, hewas progreasing rapidly to con walesenoe, apd sis «jpected to be able to attend Parliament on Tuesday. The injuries he sus £ajnedseem to b£*-e been a slight concussion of Jhe brain and some severe braises. WE cautioned the public w>ine weeksago against jome children who were begging in Kadina on Iwhalfof fuepds stud to be at Mintaro, but -who. we intimated were imposing upon the public. The . itrue :«toiy came ,ont in the Police Court, Wal laroo, on Monday. It appears that they Were .ent to beg by their mother, who two years ago kept a greengrocer's shop at Gawler, assisted by a young-man, a ,native of tha Emerald Isle, who, #he used to assert indignantly, had offered her mar riage. Recently she migrated to. the Peninsula, .and camped .out In the scrub somewhere near the New/Cornwall mine, sending her children into town to beg, it would appear very successfully. jBeing remonstrated with by some residents cn the New Cornwall miue, she retorted in such forcible language as resulted in a visit to the Wallaroo 1 PoliceCourt, where she was ordered to pay a fine The Bellinger River correspondent of the Mac* jeay Herald writes:-" On Ser; Year's Ire, Miss Frieda Mar x and Miss Sarah Man, when going hoime from their uncle's, about 10,30 p.m., heard pne °f their, fajher'agoats jfonly four days old) crying out, as ifin great pain. It was not -<ar from .the river bank, in a paddock, and the young ladies pulled the boat to the shore. The ^younger one ran at once to the spot whence the noise proceeded, but as it was dark she could noti see whatwasthe matter with the kid, so she tried jto lift the poor tiiijigup, . when, to her surprise,: #he found that it was fxtraordiharilj heavy. 'Wishing to know the reason of this, Miss Marx passed one hand along the goat's back, when she j /elt that something like a large snake vps coiled three or four times round its body. She at once j ?commumcated this to. her sister, -when the suf- i fererwas left, and bothhurried home to relate, the circumstance. The family; were singing and keeping up Sylvester pre, as it is usual to do. in Abe land of their fathers (Germany)but there xntal of the adventure with the ^nake for^he^iniiP. prevented further merriment, and the male por portionof the company: istarted at . once with a 4igbt anda gun for the spot where the kid could *tHl be heard crying most^ pitifully.' On rencb ing the place they discovered one of the largest «arpet snakes which lias been seen in-tfaat locali ty, twisted four times roundthe kid's body. It ' looked At its disturbers, but'did- not attempt to release i( 8 victim. Mr Eugene Marx then aimed , steadilyat the. snake with-: the gun (even st the | risk of killing the kid, whitsb he-cpuld scarcely see), aud fired. The snake waswell hit, being nearly cut asunder by the: shot, and the goat was unscathed." It had, however, received such a aevere squeezing that it could not walk. It was placed under its mother's care again, and on the following morning was as lively as ever. This was very surprising, it being thought that after receiving such a warm embrace it could not pos ,*iblylive muc^ lpnger. The snake, which mea sured eight feet in length, was borne to the -house as « trophy of t!ie victoiy obtained. THE Sydney Apning Herald .says:-*» By the lastimafi eteamer ^eissra, Jlayelje Brothers and Roberts have received from their I/ondon House 20 diamonds, sent home by them from this col- . bay about seven months ago to be cut by the lapi dary. These stones, found in various localities k jon the Macquarie River, in the Western.district, have, we understand, been greatly admired; by Professor Tcnuant, the talented lecturer pn min eralogy at King's College, I/ondon, who has been proved by the sight of these gems greatly to mod ify his origmalopinions in regard to Australia as fk diamond producing country. Most of the lead ing diamond merchants in London manifest ed the greatest interest in this the first shipment of diamonds frpm Austral^ of any importance, end pronounced the stones to be quite* equal to any diamonds from any part of the world. These sparkling gems, which have been brought back to Australia,'have been cut in the highest style of lapidari^n art-in such a manner that they ap pear to be really luminous. The great majority of them pre of the very purest water. One of these diamonds, weighing two and a half carats, is much adtnired for the purity of its water and "its faultless shape and perfect luminosity. Tbe _ success which has been attendant upon this, en "surprise of Messrs Flavelle Bros and Roberts;will doubtless lend an increased impetus to the dia mond trade of this colony." THE Sydney Morning Herald reports that Mr Brace, in his official capacity, lias had an unplea sant duty to perform. Captain Klmslie, of the Sobraon, thinking that the Countess of Belmora 'would like a "bit of Southdown mutton, landed $wo 6r more sheep of this breed, and conveyed 'them to the Inner Domain-notwithstanding all barriers to the act. In that enclosure his Excel lency has some sheep in course of preparation for the next Metropolitan Exhibition. The Sheep Inspector, on hearing of tlie landing of these ' cheep, paid them a visit. What was his horror tra finding them covered with the scab insect! 'ffhelaw is clear as to what is to be dope in such a case. The sheep must be burned, and the Cap tain fined £100. Beyond this, his Excellency's sheep were discovered to be not in the beet sani tary state j they must therefore be placed inquar .ntine. and we fear that they will consequently -}>e 'spoiled for the p«xt Show, which is vexatious This incident proves the necessity that still exists for caution in the reception of cheep seaward.1 THE Register says:-"The Affglian specula tion appears likely to Its juore troublesome than profitable, some fresh difficulty having arisen on this occasion among the camel-drivers and in consequence the men have ? applied to the Magis trate at Blinman. Vr P. Waite, of Parfltoo, who is nojr Chief Manager of. Mr aider's Northern runs, being up visiting the stations at Beltana, summarily dismissed eight of the men. They are understood to hate been engaged to serve for three years, about 15 months of which time has expired, .and six months" wages are, they allege, due to them, which it is Baid Mr Waite refuses to pay, unless the men will rescind the agreement made at JLurrachee, by which, at the expiration of the arranged period, tliey are entitled to a free passage back to tbeir own country. There being several reasons why it is undesirable that the case should be -beard at Blinman-r-such as the want of a competent interpreter and of a legal adviser to whom the men could apply-the probability is *W, the men will -visit Adelaide, when doubtless the matter will be dealt with. In Bliouian the Affghan shepherds and camel-drivers have con ducted themselves in a veiy quiet and orderly manner. Notwithstanding that considerable dis satisfaction was locally expressed at the decisions given by the Magistrates at Blinman in a former case, it is now said that the men then complained and were complained of are working satisfactorily with Mr Ross at the extreme north-west country fending sheep. A. cottfcempoa&ry; remarks.-" The weather about Echuca of late haB been intensely hot, the thermometer in the shade ranging from 100 to 120 deg according to locality. On some of the plains it had exceeded even that temperature, and it has severely tested the constitutions of even the most robust. Fortunately, however astonish ing it may appear, no cases of sun- stroke hare been reported, and after the temporary incon venience of being nearly roasted alive, eveiybody appears cheerful and healthful so soon as the wind veers round to the refresliing south. At Rochester the heat was so intense as to kill two pigeonB; they dropped dead in the garden of the .hotel. Mr Sward's farm' work was almost en tirely suspended, as the tnen were obliged to leave the field and seek shade long before noon each day. At Wyuna, on the Goulburn River, tur keys, which have a great antipathy to water, were seen bathing in the river to cool themselves. In fact, nothing seemed to enjoy the high temper ature but snakes and other repjiles, which seem to abound this season. THE Victorian ^ Government Gazette ior the week ending Feb 5th contains a list of no less .than 730 allotmentoforfeitedfor non-compliance "with; the provisions, and nonperformance of cov enants in the respective leases, under sections 22 and 33 of the Land Act of 1862, and section 7 of the Amending Land Act of 18G5. .- THE Hamilton Spectator gives the following particulars respecting the Land B,ule~in Victoria : -"The land, rush is not without its amuBing . fra»tnrm» The town and farmers' common being open, as well as the forfeited la-'ds under the Duffy Act, there has been great demand for such; desirable locations and some lots have been peg ged-out ten or fifteen times over. People may. "be seen going about with rule and tape, measur ing: the length and size of the posts tosee whether thev ure exactly 3x3 inches thick, -and three -feet ;out .of the ground. Oue enthusiastic in dividual carries ® spade to .ascertain whether the posts'of his rival claimants are- in-verted the re quisite depth in the ground. We have even heard" of some unprincipled party using a saw to cut off the tops of poBte put in by other appli 4»nta;soasto bring them -below the regulation, size; There are also some good, prizes to be ob .tained by the knowing ones. Many of the prime bits, such as the pick of the Croxton Common, are valued at iJ5 per acre,, and our Penshurst cor respondent 'writes that the land adjoining* the town common at that place, has said'at £10 and £11 per acre when put' up to auction^ Some selectors assure us that the allotments they have ?elected are worth £1,500, but, according to the Penshurst estimate, a full-sised lot would be .worth £3,200!" . A CORRESPONDENT of the Kapunda Herald, writes from the Murray on Jan. 28, states: "Two poor traveller^ are reported to have died through being on the tramp during those dread ful hot days. One was found by the mailman between Overland Corner and Ral Bal in the scrub. All he could say was "Water,"and when given a drink expired. Another very old man was found prostrate by the roadside about twenty eight miles- below Blanche-town by a taaveller. who got assistance from the nearest station, but the poor fellow died next day. He was quite sensible, and all be said was that he was going to die. An inquest was held by E. Heywood, Esq., when a verdict of died from exhaustion from the heat of the weather and old age was re turned," THE Border Watch reports:-" The supply of fruit at Mount Gambier, of local growth, is this season most abundant and of excellent qunlity. Large numbers of gardens are yearly coming into full bearing, and the question-what can be done with our surplus ?-must soon force itself on the attention of growers. As yet die local consump tion seems to be equal to the supply, mainly we believe because it is stimulated by low prices. Best quality fruit (any sort) can now be had as low as 2d. per lb, Adelaide grapes are retailed at6d. per lb." TfiB town correspondent of the Kapunda Jlerald gives the annexed particulars respecting the Blumberg Beef:-" On a Sunday night, fully a fortnight ago, there was some internal commo tion in this reef-it is on an eighty-acre section three miles from Blumberg-and apiece of quartz containing about eight ounces of gold was thrown up right against the toe of the pious owner, who was on his way to chapel. Next morning he communicated his luck to a Blumberg publican, who, I am afraid, was not as pious as honest Bossach. He took a utilitarian riew of the. case, and recommended a purchase of the section, reef and all. Mr David Murray was admitted into the Tenture as financial promoter, and two sec tions were bought. Specimens were sent down to the English Scottish and Australian Bank: a covetous public came on their knees praying for shares. Scrip was doubled and sold at twenty, tliirty, and even fifty pounds. More .specimens were sent down, and again scrip went up-fifty, sixty, eighty, hundred, and finally, to a hundred and tea pounds. On Tuesday a third lot of specimens arrived ; bnt the market had calmed down a little. I should not be surprised to 6ee the shares before the end of a month reading shillings where they now represent pounds. Blumberg or the Exodus-take yonr choice." THE Sydney mail gives the following cheerful detail respecting a hot day in New South Wales : :-" The 13th of Jan., 1870, will long be remem bered as a day of great heat j greater than has' been experienced for several years past. From an early hour it was evident to all who then felt" the temperature that that noon tide was likely to be unbearable. Almost as soon as daylight a hot wind blew from the westward, and served to make matters worse, being felly to attempt to escape from its inroad in contrast to the sun, whose beams commercial men and others were able to exclude in a great measure by expansive NagasaMs. The labouring portion of the com munity, whose avocation kept them in. the open air, were at -their wits' end for means whereby they might procure a temporary relief from the insufferable glare and teat of the day. Some of the workmen employed at the New Cathedral of St. Mary s sought to protect themselves by means of a wet handkerchief placed between the hat the. head. ? Frequent visits were paid to the water taps for a fresh supply of the cooling fele ment to be employed-when the handkerchief; became dry. .The same experiment was tried elsewhere where water could be procured, but some who were employed at other out-of-door occupations preferred to lose their wages sooner than stand in the sun, and departed for home. Foot passengers bore a jaded and worn-out ap pearance, and sought the shadiest, though- still very hot, side of the streets. Their expressed feelings of discomfort meeting with ample com miseration from their equally uncomfortable fel low travellers, who were seen' painfully trudging with hats at so great a degree of inclination that they threatened eveiy moment to fall from their - heads. Horses leJt standing in unshaded thorough fares, feeling as wretched as their drivers, made attempts to bolt, and would have done so had they not been restrained. In the apartments of j houses covered by galvauized iron, the heat was something fearful, and on verandali" roofs' of tlie same material culinary duties might also have ' been performed, and the use of kitchen fires dis pensed with. Throughout the night of the 13th, and the morning of the following day, the tem perature continued very high, and many must have, been unable to find rest in their customary sleeping apartments. A correspondent residing : at St. Leonards says that the 13th was the hottest day- registered, in the colony for five years past, wid that a strict meteorological journal had- been kept by him for that time, taken and tabulated ; EVERY two hours.' He says the mercury (at his house) sympiesometer, in the shade has risen to 111 deg., and that the lowest reading before the spirit was below its zero on the arc was 29*10 which the vernier failed to indicate. On the coast of the colony, during a survey in which he I took part, the eurveying party never before re gistered below 2U-22 of the syinpirsometer, or over 96 deg. of the attached thermoioeter," SAYS the Advertiser:-" On W<ednesday Even ing we were shown some copper .specimens of veiy great iichnc.-s from the distant about 1-5 .miles from the old mine. Some of these specimens are almost like vugin metal, and are considered to contain--$0 per cent of copper. They are taken, we are informed, fro ~ A depth of a couple of fathoms, where a settled lode has been- struck. Besides these samples,, we were shown some red oxide from another lode on the same property, and only about six. feet from the surface. A ton of the ore has been brought into town, and the specimen* we have described will lie on view to-day at the Union Inn. "SCRIBBLER;" in the Border Watch, gives the following amusing anecdote in the early days of the colony:-In the infantine period of Snnth Australia, ere the site of tho capital was chosen, the first band of settlers set themselves down on the short of Holdfast Bay, the'present site of Gienelg. The anxiety for news from Europe at that time, of course, was proportionately greater than subsequently. On Sunday morning two of the Government officers were conducting divine service in the tent on the sea-beach. They had proceeded beyond the first lesson, when one of the congregation, who was standing near the en terance, discerned on the horizon an approach ing sail. He whispered the feet to his next neighbor and immediately vanished. The neigh bor of course followed. One by one the con gregation disappeaied. The lay clergyman read on, paying more regard to speed than to enuncia tion. The equally earnest but less rapid clerk uttered the responses as nearly as possible simul taneously, which saved a great deal of time. A considerable portion of the second lesson had i been got through, when the reader, observing that himself and his coadjutor were left alone, dropped his book, exclaiming, " It's of no use, ; come along there's a ship in sight." '. Grevlle and Co, write to a Melbourne con temporary-" A very important fact in the re cent telegraphic despatch from Reuter appears to have escaped notice. As many persons may del eire to send telegrams to England, we beg to state that the new telegraphic cable is completed. This was asserted in Beuter's despatch of 23rd December, and in proof of the fact we have to correct our original despatch, sent by wire from Adelaide, which stated under date 23rd December that " The French Ministry had been defeated, and M. Emiile Ollivier had been entrusted wiih the formation of a new Ministry." This very important and startling information is dated Paris, 2Sth December, and was received at Galle on 29th December, the day of the sailing of the mail. From this it appears that the through transit now takes only twenty-four hours." " THE Argus observes, with reference to the rather large development of the (" rough ") genus in Melbourne:-The police knew pretty accurat ely the number of what, for convenience sake, are denominated the " roughs " infesting this colony. The public can only guess at the number, but of the alarming fact of tlieir presence they are every day made disagreeably aware. It is impossible to walk the streets without meeting t hem in great numbers, and the daily journals, each morning, record their outrages. They are veritably wild beasts, with predatory instincts, but they are not to be sho t down as dangerous creatures can be 6hot down. They are a poisonous social ele ment, and yet they may not be dealt with as poisonous nuisances are under the Health Act. Even the Vagrant Act, which is considered elestic enough to comprehend almost every imaginable offence, fails to annihilate them. like the poor, they are elways witS. us ; bat, unlike the pojr, they are not to he starred off by almsgiving. They seem as numerous as the ants ; there is no spot where you do not meet with them. Let but the occasion happen for a >crowd to be collected together, even in comparatively unfrequented places, and, in a manner quite impossible of ex planation, the roughs swarm out of their hiding places, ready for violence and plunder. It would seem, too, that they are organised in a certain fashion. On several recent occasions it has been shown that gangs of these scoundrels, headed by leaders known by some slang designation, delib erately make ineursions into the busiest parts of the city at the busiest hours of the evening, and cojnmit outrages that are incredible to all save those who witness them. " In delivering judgment in one of the recent sly grog cases (says theAlbury Banner) institut ed by the police on the evidence of three China men, die Police Magistrate said that although the informers were looked upon with disgust, he must admit-.that in the present cases they had done a real service to the community by exposing the illegal sale of vile spirits which is here carried on by some -of the German vignerons. There could be no Jdoubjt; said his Worship, that this infer nal brandy which hitherto coold be so easily obtained in the vineyards had been the ruin of many honest men, and the means of reducing their families to destitution. The wrong done to the publicans who pay handsomely for their licenses was also rectified by the action of these informers, and under these circumstances he thought that the Chinamen (and it was immater ial to liim whether the information, so long as it was true, came from the Chinamen or Europ eans) were entitled to be considered in the light of the public benefactors. The Bench therefore decided to give the informers hclf the fines in every case of conviction, and in similar cases they would continue to do so irrespective of the nationality of those informers. The solictor for tli'?!, prosecutions, Mr Thorold, said that the Chiniunen had met with unmerited obloquy ; the ' ActoT Parliament provided for the illicit sale of, liquor, and the Chinamen were scarcely to be ^blamed for taking advantage of an express provi sion of the law. They .did not deny that they were common informers under the Act, and that they were legally entitled to their reward. If this matter came to be rightly understood by the public there would be more informations against sly-grog sellers, and fewer frauds upon the revenue. Thus far spoke the Police Magistrate and the solicitor for the prosecution, but we confess that the evidence of the three Chinamen who have just figured in our Local Court did not seem to carry uith it the same weight that the evidence of Europeans would have possessed. There was an evident readiness to adapt the evidence exactly to the case in little matters of detail, .and where this could be seen, a doubt was naturally thrown over the evidence on more important points. The question remains as to whether the police could not be legitimately occupied as detectires jin sifting out cases like theBe. The local police, being personally knowni to the .people, k would of bourse be useless, but a police officer from another district could have brought the recent cases to -light quite as well as the Chinamen. These latter worthies have netted a profit out of the affair which would more than have paid for the attendance of a detective fromSydney. 