[?] . ? » ? ! ? , ?,.'- . ? , FIEE'S DELIOATE OASTS' ; V :, [PROM OHAMBERS'S. JOTTRKAIi.l ' ???????? When Mrs. Fiel was a bride, all the spectators ' agreed that she was a pretty and interesting girl, ' who would make a, fine woman when she; came, tp fill out. But she nover did fill out ; on the contrary, Time, that stole her years ' away, robbed her of plumpness too ; and after thirty ' anniversaries of that wedding-day, she was considerably more slender than »t starting. She wore curls and a black band round her forehead, and mittens— not knowing. that these things had long, ceased to make her attractive. and, on a first introduction, would have struck you generally; as being somewhat of a guy.; but a better wife you would scarcely find in all England and that is infinitely more important than come liness and tasteful attire, as you will own before you have been married for a quarter of a cen tury.':' . '? -: ?? ?? .' ?'?. . .? ? ?'..-.-. '. ??'?, Excellent at all times, Mia. Fiel culminated, at meals. Call no man happy till you have seen him atbreakfast; a natural irritability in Mr. Fiel's '?' disposition' had been; almost entirely '-cured by ' 'little soothing comforts and tit-bits. He was a solicitor, with an office in London, and a semi detached villa in the suburbs, who had to leave ' the latter at nine to: reach the former, by ten every morning. This necessitated breakfast at eight, but even at that1 early hour Mrs. Fiel saw ? to every detail herself. ' ' It would have shaken a very confirmed bachelor ?to have seen her table one spring morning a feW ? years ago— the linen was so white, and the tea ? 'so black, the water-cresses and radishes so. fresh, ' the marmalade and apricot jam so daintily set out; the eggs bo new- Looking, the loaf so brown and crusty, the dry toast so crisp and thin. ' And when she heard the tread of her husband's foot on the staircase, and the flourish on hisnbse which invariably heralded his approach, she fang the bell for the, appetising little covered dish, which matched and fitted the slop-basin, to be brought up. This contained frizzled sliees of ham or bacon, . delicate and curled, & Bausage, a kidney, or the ; savory, thigh of a chicken. May such be your , only domestic broils 1 ' ? .-.???????...-? A hale neat man, with ? sharp, grey eyes, and a very good opinion of himself, entered and looked at his letters, selecting and opening one at once. ' Well. Martha,' said he, ^the Chip-chow has arrived at last.' ' You don't say so ! Then Mri Lobyear will be here presently. Will he come to . Etav with us. do vou think ? ♦' T Ann'i-. Irnnwi . You had better have a bed ready ; though I ex pect he has not come to England with the idea of shutting himself : up with an old man and woman ? four miles from the Marble Arch. Still, as everything will bo strange to him at first, he may accept my invitation for a night or two. ' - ' This ? Mr. Thomas Lobyear is rich— is he not ?' ' Will \- be, IsuppoBe. At present, he probably depends ; upon his father, who has given me very liberal : orders, absurdly liberal orders, about him. From living so long amongst savages, the old man must , havelosfc all; idea of the value of money. How-i ever, there is plenty of it accumulating, and it does not matter to me.' 'Don't you think,' . said Mrs. Fiel, 'it might be well to have Sarah 'home ?'. ... ??? ?,. ? '? ??? . ? .'? ? ?.:? -? i.-.-.- ; . Sarah, the only child of the Fiels, was at. a finishing-school at Clifton, but Bhe was seventeen land a woman. 'Ah; ah, ah !' .- laughed the lawyer. 'At your match-making, old lady? ?-? From what I am advised, he is proof against . vour attenmts. Besides ;which:;: it . .would, be . something like a breach of; trust ;, old Lobyear ' ; has , evidently got other vi»ws- for his son than : ; marrying him- at present— at ' .anyrata to ? ari ?-.,-'; 'Englishwoman.' 'Why,, he would never 'go and , match him with a heathen, with a ; ring through '.-.?.??., 'her nose like a pig I' 'I don't know that,' c- ; .'replied. Mr, Fiel, laughing ; 'if hecoulddiscovef 'a new. weed or a .fresh variety of black beetle by it,;he'certainly.wo?ild.'' '...-.' , ' '' It was of good augury, .for .Mrs. , Fiel when her! : husband laughed,'and a better when he replied to ? her' observations, instead of looking- deaf and grunting, which he generally did if she alluded to his clients or their business ; for it showed that he. was willing to, be pumped, and Mrs.- Fiel's thirst for irifdrmation was great, though it i was rarely slaked. In the present instance, howevery y the lawyer thought he might require feminine aid in the task which he had undertaken,, and was therefore not unwilling, to admit his wife1 into his confidence. 'Ah,' said she, 'that waa .a curious idea for a rich man, to banish himself completely, and give up civilised life, for,the sake; .-''. 'of studying 'botany and butterflies in Japan.) For 'a* poor man; indeed, it would be explicable; '? -if ho expected to make something by. it in1 the end ; but from what you say, Mi'. Lobyear has, ? more money than he knows what to do with as( it! \- ( ia.' ' Yes ; he was well off originally, ' and . got *a good property tbroughhis wife DeBides.'*' Ah, poor 'man ; Idaresay grief for her death gavehimj ?'a craze.' ' ? ; ??-??' -.?'??' ??'?? . .i ?'? ' Fudged' exclaimed Mr. Fiel 'somewhat! rudely* 'He was glad enough to be free to. go! 'hunting on his favorite hobby. If she had lived another year, it is my opinion that ho would! have bolted and left her.' 'Ah, well,' said i Mrs. Fiel, ' it is a fortunate thing for him, or at anyrate for this son, that he fixed on so good a man of business as yourself ? to look after his interests.' ' Well,' replied her husband com ?placontly, 'considering that the bulk of his; .property is in houses Bituated in a rapidly am-1 proving, neighborhood, and that tho tenants are ; up to all sorts of dodges to avoid having their ? rents raised, perhaps on agent who was not sharp inight miss an .advantage ,iere and there. t For instance, there was an application for the renewal of a lease the other day, and I discbYerea that tie tenant, who had; been paying forty pounds a year, had underlet for the: last three years at a hundred and ten. ' ' Lor, how sharp you are !' 'Well, I was not born in Yorkshire for nothing. I do not know of more than one person who ever regularly took me in — that young rascal, Tom Scott, who robbed me five years ago.' 'Ah, that was very shocking.' said the good wife soothingly j ' but then, you know, he was brought up in your own office.' ' Wfiy. Martha ! Do you suppose, then, that he learned dishonesty there! I never expected an epigram of that sort from your mouth. I would . have you to know that I could put at least a couple of thousand a year in my pocket from this Lobyear property alone, without a cbanco of detection, if I choso to bo dishonorable.' 'I am Bure I never meant to call you an epigram, or any other name,' cried Mrs. Fiel, astonished at thiB outbreak. 'I enly aaid that a breach o trust was easy for that Scott, because he hat been under you for some time, and probably had had opportunities.' , . 'Oh, that is different,' said her husband, cracking an egg. It was not a tender conscience which made Mr. Fiel so touchy -for though priding himself upon keen shrewdness, he was perfectly upright and trustworthy-^-but the thought of Tom Scott There is thiB disadvantage in reckon, ing yourself to be cleverer than the rest of tho world, that if ever you aro taken in- it rankles. So the remombranco of Tom Scott always irri tated him. He had taken a fancy to the sharp lad, and put him in tho ofifce, whore he favoredj encouraged, and trusted him more. and more every year; and tho result had been a cunning bit of roguery, and flight. There was one con solation ; he had caught tho scoundrel, who was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Had Tom Scott got off with impunity, hia heart would liavo -een near, breaking. . 'I suppose this young gen tleman 'was quits , a -lad when his fathof went to foreign parts ?'? said Mrs. Fiel presently, returning to the pump-handle. 'As he is not of age yet, I' suppose he must have been,' replied her husband, continuing to flow. . ' Was ho edu cated in England; before he went out to his father?' 'I don't know. Sir. Lobyear never mentioned him before. I have written regularly to advise, him how; his affairs stood, and ho has from time to time briefly acknowledged my letters, declaring ; himself satisfied, telling me to: do what I ^thought best, saying ;wbere he wished his re mittances sent, and now and then requesting me to undertake certain commissions' for him con- 1 nected with his pursuits, but not at all with my business. However, 'as he has always, behaved very handsomely, I havo done mybest to oblige1 hint, and mean to do sostill, though this present ob is rather a delicate affair, and quite out of my ine; what I call a regular bit of diplomacy.' 'Ah?' 'Yes. It seems that the young man has inherited his. father's fancy for a roving life, though not his scientific tastes. He has been living ,in Borneo for some years, sailing about with expeditions against the pirates, and I don't know wnat all. Mr. Lobyear, senior, went to China from Japan a year and a half ago ; and his son joined him at Hong Kong, where he intimated a desire to go to England for a while, and have a spell of comfortable living. Tho father was willing enough, to let' him do so, and gave him a letter of credit to. me, and he started in one of the tea sailing-ships.- But after he had sailed, Mr. Lobyear, senior, recoiyed information from a friend that his son's principal reason for desiring to visit England was the hope of meeting with ? an adventuress, whose acquaintance he hatt made at Calcutta, and whom,' in the ardor of a first passion, ho desired, to marry. The lady had other views at the time ; but hod since smiled by letter on his suit ; and she is a most undesirable :wife for him. This news, having come to me by steamer, 'has' of course long preceded the ; youngster's actual arrival ; and my mission is to prevent the marriage. This can be done with comparative ease while he is a minor ; but he will come of age. in eight months, and it would be ' poor success merely to delay matters 1 for .that time. I hope to break it off altogether.' 'Exactly. And don't you think that if he were thrown into the society of an innocent/ accom plished, and attractive girl, his, infatuation for this creature .'would .'the sooner be got over?' '.Well, well ; send for, Sarah if you like j she would be -leaving anyhow at the end of the quarter. Only, don't put'her up to thinking this youngster a very great catch, for his father may have other children and older' ones,, for aught I know. ; Of he may spend all his money in build ing . pagodas, or- aquariums, .or black-beetle museums : or' in fitting out expeditions to dis cover the South Pole, which really ought to have a turn, after all the fuss made about the North. I am not by any means sura that it is a good thing, Martna.' ? . As Mr.;. Fiel uttered these last words, he looked at his watch, and then took a cigar out of his case ; whereupon Mrs. Fiel brushed his hat, and brought it to him, together with a light. Some thing like a wife I And ere a man could cry ; 'Conductor ; hold I' the City Atlas had de voured him .up. :, ..'. ,'.'.; ; '.',. ! ; It is one. thing -for a ,, sailing-ship to be tele graphed, and another for it to arrive in port. A heavy gale tantalised the crew and passengers of the Chip-chow, and it was a week before Mr. Fiel and his client's son met, by which time the accom-r plished Sarah was safely established under the| paternal reof y for her mother thought the lawyer exaggerated the chances against the young man's inheriting a good fortune, and stuck to her little intrigue. It' is certain that she herself over-; estimated her .Haughter-ft attractions. Sarah was a good girl enough/but commonplace, and not beautiful: ?a'pellet hardly calculated to drive out another very firmly fixed in the pop- gun heart of a lover. , . ? ? ?, ..?;; ??..??? : However, the designing mother and unwitting daughter had a fair chance, for youn§ Lobyear accepted the offer of hospitality made him by Mr. . Fiel, and established himself in their house until he could look about him.. Travel in hot climates had matured, theiyoung: man, whomyou would have taken for five-and-twenty. It had likewise tanned him; \ and his face and hands were so dark, that Mrs. Fiet.was induced to make in quiries about the natioiiality ' of his mother ; but as her 'husband iad never known anything of Mr. Lobyear before- he: put his affairs in his hands,, on going out to the East, and was' even' ignorant, until quite lately, of tho very existence or' this son, she could not get much satisfactory information out of him. So she concluded that Mr. Lobyear senior's oriental tastes were not con : fined to the iauna and flora ; and the deep black 'ness of the young man's hair, eyebrows, and long, drooping, silky .moustache certainly ?' tended to, confirm nor theory.. ? His manners were not very; good. There was an evident restraint about him ; and if in an unguarded moment he gave nature her head, he became boisterous and vulgar. He was very careful/however, and only broke out once or twice, recovering himself almost imme :diatoly. He seemed to find that the safest plan was to spoon Sarah/ and devoted himself to her ; so assiduously the first evening, that Mr. Fiel ?listened to his wife's statement of pros and cons !with seriousness that night. ' Ihave no doubt his father means well by him at present,' said he, ' or ho would hardly show so much anxiety about his contracting an unfavorable marriage, . as to give me almost carte blanche in the cost ; of preventing it. Neither would he name , so handsome ? a sum as sixty pounds a month , for expenses, if he intended to leave him penni less at his doath. But this is all conjecture.' 'But rather strong, surely, dear ; and ho is cer tainly smitten with Sarah,' said Mrs. Fiel. 'Don't you bo too sure of that. Very likely he carries on with everything in a petticoat, or out of one, in those Borneo parts, that he meets; or it may bo that he ia throwing dust in my eyes, to cover his intrigue with this old 'Calcutta frierid.': ?,:?'? ' Mr. Fiel felt it to be so important to prevent the young man giving him the slip, that he left his other business to the clerks,' and took upon him the office of showman, whereby he made acquaint ance with many London sitrhts that he had never seen before — tho interior .of St. Paul's, to wit ; the top' of tho Monument ,; Madame Tussaud's waxworks ; and certain bewildering _ circular pic tures, apparently seen from the inside, as if one were a figure represented, called panoramas — all of which very much interested the young man, who nevertheless. owned that, on the whole, he preferred Calcutta. Mention of that city gave the lawyer an opening ; he inquired if there were much society there— pleasant ? society ? And eventually Mr. Lobyoar, the son, who of course could not be expectod to know his father's dis covery and communication to his lawyer,' took his cicerone into confidence. He adored. the most charming, innocent, persecuted saint that ever excited the jealousy of a spitoful coterio. Her name was Montacute, and she waa a widow without encumbrances. ' She had been residing in a quiet part of the Islo of Wight, but was now on her way to London ; and he had received a letter that very morning.directing him whero to find her ; so he would not trespass on Mr.' Fiel'a hospitality after that day. Whereabouts was Duke-streofc, Jormyn-street ? Tho complacent Mr. Fiel conducted him to that neighborhood, and also, in reply to further questions, gave him an outline of the steps it was noceusary to tako before a gentleman and lady, inclined that way, could be joined together in holy matrimony. There could be no harm done in affording him such scraps of information: the first cabman passing would have driven him to the address,; arid the 'charming widow .- probably had licence and banns. formalities at her. fingers' ends. 'Of course, you are of age V. h'e.threw'in at the end. 'I believe; my father. would say I was some months, short of it,' ^replied, the young' man care lessly. '?;'' but really, his evidence, is so little to be triisted ;in'any matter not connected with plants of insects, that I mean to give-mysolf the benefit of the doubt. That's, good, law, eh?'' ; ',: i Mr. Fiel proposed a bachelor's^ dinner, afe his club that dky, and entertained ^lis guest ali the evening with caustic pb3ef^atioas upon': widowsl and the dangers to which young men were.exposed from! beautiful sirens, who.se .antecedents '. would not bear strict examination, illustrated with 'numerous apposite anecdotes, which the young man seemed to enjoy heartily. ' But he would not apply 'them to. his own case ; so that at . last, the lawyer ^as forced, to be more explicit,, and with, much apology asked whether the young man' knew who tho late Mr. Montacute was, and. under what circum stances the fair widow came, to, be alone and un protected in Calcutta ? . But the ardent lover would not listen to a hint reflecting upon.: the object of his affections, and got so excited and' angry that Mr. Fiel dropped the subject at once^ Where waa the use of talking sense to a man who declared that if .all the world swore to anything which his mistress denied, he should take her word in preference' to the united oath ?. To ex pose his game by showing the paternal letter em powering him. to forbid the marriage, would Hayo been stupid indeed at present ; that must be kept as the very last resource, when, combined 'with considerations of probable disinheritancG, it might have an effect. -What effest?the lawyer asked himself unflinchingly, -when quiet that night. Probably that of making young! Lob- year dissemble for the time, anJ marry .his widow elsewhere, unknown to the lawyer. : And if the agent were deceived, the bridegroom might well hope to conceal the matter from his', butterfly hunting father ; at all events for a' time. Young people, especially -wKeTi in lovs^ never look far forward, but have a confidence in things turning up. Mr. Fiel owned with inward chagrin that he was at fault. Suddenly an idea flashed upon him like an' inspiration; Why. not attack the woman ? he had her address. : 'Of course,' he said aloud, turning his head on the pillow. 'What, my dear. ?' responded Mrs. Fiel. 'Nothing.' And he went to sleep. Next morning young Lobyear left Mr. Fiel's house, and wont to an hotel in Jermyn-street. : ?- ? Mr. Fiel possessed a very sharp office-boy, for in spite of the trick which had been played him by Tom Scott,- he liked sharp boys; only he never meant to give another the chance of abus ing his confidence; Billy Daw was employed in minor matters alone :':his master had no 'inten- tion of pushing him. ! This lad had already seen young Lobyear ; the house in Duke-street was now- pointed out to him, and ho was directed to watch, it, and let his master know when Mr. Lob year left it. '? ? ' So Mr. Fiel waited in his club, which was close by, and Billy Daw loafed within sight of Duke street. Billy, was good at loafing; he gleaned amusement and instruction from the .window of a newspaper and caricature shop ; studied natural history:. at a fishmonger's ; set two boys : to fight ; exasperated a drunken .man ; procured ' cuts be hind' for several youngsters who were 'riding without paying their iaxe— all without losing sight of the door ho was directed to watch. His report at the end of the day was, that Mr. Lob year had left his hotel, and gone to the house in Duke-street at eleven a.m. At half -past one, ' a servant girl had come out with an empty' dish, and returned in ton minutes with oysters. At six o'clockMr. Lobyear, 'had' at last come out, ac companied by a; lady, and they, walked together arm in arm to'SKJames's Hall. ' Never mind,' said 'Mr. Fiel ; ''lie can't stick so close.aa that to her for long, however desperate his' condition maybe. Try again to-morrow.' ; , True\ enough; at twelve o'clock on the .fol lowing day, Billy Davv summoned his master from .the, club, and; informed him .that. Mr, Lobyear ; had gprie'out; for, so.me'; time, and the. lady' was alqnc* 'Asked ?hovy,, he knew that his absence! was not for a few,: minutes only, he' replied that tlae gentleman 'had lit up his baccy,, directly ho got outside the' door. Mr.. Fiel;wasted 'no time in further questioning, but, hastened to ,the house in; Duke-street, knocked and rang, : and inquired for Mrs. Mon-: tacute. 'Yes,' the. servant girl said, she lodged there, and ^ was '.at home. What name ? . And the lawyer was' ushered into the front 'drawing room. '..,.,,,???: . ??,.?? '?,.': A lady with a creamy complexion a_nd golden hair, elegantly 'dressed in half-mourning,; elosed the novel .she had been reading, and rose fromi her , lounging cha,ir , to receive him; Protty, thought the visitor, decidedly pretty.; but at least ten years older than he is. , ' You do not know me, madam, or the object of my visit,' he said ; .' so I had better tell you at once that my name is Fiel, and that I am the legal adviser of: Mr. Lobyear/ the. father of the gentleman who aspires, I believe, to the honor of your hand.' Mrs. Montacute bowed, and requested him to be seated. ' I hope you will pardon me,' continued Mr. Fiel, dropping into a chair which faced the lady, and looking as conciliatory as ho could, 'if what I have to say' should prove in any way dis agreeablo ; I am but the mouthpiece of my client, you know. Mr. Lobyear, senior, has heard not from his son, but through other sources, of this projected marriage, and I regiet to say that he has conveyed to me his disapproval.' *' 0 sir !' ' Hia very decided disapproval. . He has nover had the honor and pleasure of seeing you, madam, or he would probably view the matter in a different light, and hesitate before depriving his only child of the ^felicity so nearly secured: to him. But, unfortunately, his letter was for warded to ino from Hong Kong, and hq was then aboutto return to Japan, so that there aro diffi culties in .the way of a, personal interview.' 'Really, Mf.-^Mr. Fiel,' said the widow, glancing at tho card which lmd been giyen her, 'I hardly know what to make of all this. I was certainly aware that; Mr. Lobyeur had a father very much .devoted, tp various braaches of natural history-, who,. if alive, was supposed to be. some^ whore in Japan ; but that he takes any notice of his sari's .affairs, or professes to exercise any authority over him, is quite a new idea to mo. ' ' To me also, madam ; and I believe it to be a very unusual proceeding on hia part. But marriage is, an exceptionaTly important thing, and as hia son 'is' under age' — ? ' Under ago ! Thomas under age ! Impossible !' cried the widow. 'It is a fact, nAdam;. but wore it otherwise, it would bo of no importance, since. Mr. Lobyear ia ontirely dependent upon his father, who is. determined to dis_continuoj his allowance, and cut him out of his will, if ho marries without his consent and approval.' Mrs. Montacute remained in pensive contem plation of. a very protty foot for some little time boforo she replied : Excuse me for being over cautious, Mr. Fiel ; but you arc an utter stranger, you kaow, and I should like to sec thai letter from Mr. Lobyoar'a fafchor, if you havo it about you.' 'Certainly, madam,' replied the lawyer. 'A very natural and proper precaution on your part. I might be a rral, prompted by mo tives of jealousy. Hero is the letter, which, howovcr, I fear may givo you ]jain. Evil tongues,' ho continued, as tho widow took the document and ran her eye3 rapidly over it—' evil tongues have evidently tra duced 'you. Alas I, the best and fairest cannot escape slander ! Indeed, the greater the merit, the moro virulent the onvy.' 'Evidently geuuinq. Thank you,' said the widow, returning 11 ' ^'-« '?'?'. j '?; ? ?'»; ? ?'? ? — -~ the. letter -witb .extraordinary; composure, con sidering how,_ she was treated in it, and then price more fixing her , gaze upon her boot, which she fidgeted about, she relapsed into silence and meditation. At length sne raised her eyes slowly to the lawyer's, and looking at him quietly, but very fixedly, she said :; ' Mr. Fiel, you have come to m!e.: treating this affair as a pure matter of business, and. therefor el will not speak to you ofmy'affections: it would prolong this inter vieyr; and probably you would not understand ine.' , Xwill speak . of , the marriage engagement betweenmyseft and Mn Thomas Lobyear. then, precisely as' if it were a mere commercial: trans- action. In order to fulfil my part,! have left; India, where I had a home, and have come to England to live on my meagre pension. For all his threats I consider it very unlikely that MrJ Lobyear will really disinherit his only child'.' ' Pardon my interrupting you, madam; nothing is more probable. The ardor with ?which he pursues his favorite . gcience : amounts to mania, and I fearthat he : would be hardly sorry, for an excuse to devote his entire fortune to thebuild ingand foundation of a museum.' ; 'Ther^.isa certain force in what you say,' replied the widow calmly :'.,' and I do not conceal from myself that it would bo a very great * misfortuno indeed for both of us if Mr. Thomas Lobyear were to be de prived of his income upon our marriage. Still,1 it would be worse for me to break it off, and re main, here, far from my friends, penniless.' ' Nay, madam, not penniless ; some compensa tion would be your due.' Lugete Veneres Cu idineaque— if they didn't come presently to fair up-and-down bargaining ! The matter was finally settled thus. Mrs. Montacute was to start for New York by the next mail, Mr. Fiel taking and paying for her passage ; she was to write a fare well letter to young Lobyear, breaking the match, and keeping silence about where she was going to., Mr. Fiel was to accompany her on board the ship, and then to place in, her hands the sum or one thousand pounds. . . When this treaty, with ' No Trust 1' for its basis, was concluded, Mr. Fiel took his leave ; and as he stepped into the' street. Jack Homer alone could appreciate his sensations. Never had so delicate a case been so skilfully, handled I Three days afterwards, Mr. Fiel escorted the fair widow to Liverpool; accompanied her on board the American steamer ; staid with her till the last moment,' gave her the thousand pounds, -and returned to the bosom of. his family, having him self sealed and posted a most satisfactory letter of farewell to poor young Lobyear, which was put in his hands unfastened, that ho might assure himself that the contents were according to treaty. . Next day^the deserted lover came to- him in & fury' — storming, upbraiding, beseeching him to tell him where his charmer had flown to; threatening murder and suicide when the lawyer remained obdurate. ' Finally, he rushed away, declaring that he would never speak to him again. ?'Yes, you will; - when you want money,' said Mr. Fiel, as the other banged the door behind him. ? : ' He was right. In less than a fortnight young Lobyear returned, pale, calm, and haughty, and coldly intimated that ho was about to return, to the East, and required funds. After some dis cussion about necessary expenses, passage- money, outfit, what his father usually allowed him, &c;, Mr. Fiel let him have five hundred pounds, and 'Sftw him depart with infinite relief — for now ;the edifice of ids diplomacy was crowned. Com .'miasioned to separate a young Couple, he had despatched one to the east, the other to the west. What success could be more complete ? He had, always estimated his acuteness very highly, but; now he felt as if he should 'strike the stars with his sublime top,' as aschoolboy friend of ours once translated a familiar line of Horace. This state of. extreme self-satisfaction lasted some months,' during which he looked forward to the! letter of thanks and admiring approval which he expected from Mr. Lobyear the father.- ? ??? ; . It came a mail sooner . than he expected. One , morning, on entering his office, he found two foreign lettors awaiting' him — one from an un known correspondent,: the other in the familiar handwriting of his client in Japan. ? He opened this latter . eagerly, and prepared for praise. . DbarSik — I can't make out the meaning of all this rigmarole you have written to me about a son ana a marriage. I had a son once, a lieu tenant in the — th, but the poor boy fell a victim to the climate of China ten years ago. - You refer to a letter of mine, dated from Hong-kong, and it1 is true that I wasthere about the time you men- i tion, but , certainly I never wrote 'to you during my stay. If you are in your senses, you have been grossly imposed upon by some rogue or another. I wish you would have the goodness to call upon Pinum of the British .Museum, and tell ? ,hini ; &c.;— :The rest all about bugs and beetles, i ;;Mr. Fiel staggered to his desk, took out the letter he had last received, ' and com pared it with this present one : the imitation of the handwriting waa cunningly executed, but a palpable forgery. Had he entertained the ghost of a suspicion at the time, he could not have mistaken it. It wa3 a good hour before he partially recovered from tho effects of this blow, and then, in a bewildered, mechanical ?way, he opened the second foreign letter. It was dated from New York, and ran thus : — Sir — .When I was a clerk in your office, you tried to get too much out of me, but I managed to turn the tables, and pay myself for time and trouble expended on your behalf— that was one to me. You caught mo, and got me two years— that was one to you. With the aid of my clever little wife, I have drawn about fifteen hundred and eighty pounds out of you, winning two events out of three. Never mind : it was improbable that I, ,who alone knew the details of your business re lations with Mr. Lobyear, should have chanced upon that gentleman in Hong Kong, and procured a specimen ? of his handwriting ;? and in tho walnut-stained young man, with jet black hair and moustache, you could hardly be expected to recognise the fair, smooth-faced, red-headed Tom Scott.— P.S. Love to Sarah. I regret that we could not square mattera by a matrimonial al liance, but bigamy is not one of my little games — at present. ? Mr. Fiel threw the letter on the ground, pounded it with his heel, buried his face in his hands, and in a tone of agony which might have mejted tho heart of his' bitterest enemy, ex claimed ; 'Done !' 