SPORTS AT THE SEMAPHORE. THK KETCH RACE. | If anything way lacking to show beyond dis pute that there are still some nautical spirits amongst us it would have liecu supplied bv the enthusiasm created by the Ketch Race on Wed nesday, December 28. This event, be it known, has been the theme of general conversation at the Port for weeks past. The ketches are of foreign extraction, imported by spirited men Tasmaniaus-to till a want long felt of a trading craft suitable to a shallow harbour. Hie number has been augmented at various times until it has reached half a dozen, and the master of each new comer has been prepared to swear by his vessel as superior to all its predecessors. This unsatisfactory kind of rivalry lasted for a long time, and much l*eer Vvas employed to enforce the arguments pro and am.; but it was not until within a few months that any attempt to organize something like a regular display of sailing capabilities was made. When once the thing had been decided on a Secretary was appointed, and the day for the trial fixed. Ivet the river, where shoals and banks would have rendered success more a matter of chance than capacity and skill; but the Semaphore anchorage was appointed as the scene of the great contest. It has proved a great source of amusement to notice the emula tion excited by the race. The anxiety to make a good Ehow has been particularly beneficial to tradesmen, for the supply of new sails have not been limited or gear stinted. Some backers were bounceable and positive; but it is a significant fact that the winner had rendered himself noticeable by his reticence. The whole of the competing vessels are fiue, well-built craft of from 40 to 50 tons, with immense beam compared with their length. Although flat in the floor, they are gripea to windward by means of a powerful centre board. The spars they carry are very taunt, and some idea of the spread of canvas may be gained when it is said that the one gafftopsail had in it over one hundred yards. No race for years lias creatcd such a sensation, and the absence of restriction as to numbers earned was taken full advantage of. In some of the craft] there were plenty of the upper crust of Port society, who had of course clioseu the favourite. The jolly old Harbour Master distinguished himself by taking charge of another, and it is a posilne novelty to say of him that he was not in with the winner. "His defeat was all the more vexatious because his craft, the Adonis, lmd had a new suit of sails, and altogether looked like a clipper amongst the fleet. In other of the competitors might be observed agents and owners, schoolmasters and publicans, with a sprinkling of clerks and captains, all ready to take a pull at halyards or sheets, or in case of emergaicy a good pull at the creature comforts, which were apparently provided without stint. Doubtless there have been races between Cambria and Sappho, Black Maria and Ame rica, and other notable yachts of the old world, which in a way have attracted attention; but this same race between the Port Adelaide ketches was an affair in which every man, woman, and child in and about the Port seemed to have some stane. Scarcely had day appeared on Wednesday morning before some vehicles were seen heading for the beach. It was not a charming morning, for before the sun rose a bank of lurid clouds away over the hills gave promise of a scorcher, and the wind from about N.E. came down in fitful puffs, bringing unpleasant clouds of dust. Even these disagreeables served not to prevent crowds of people seeking the beach. Sshortly after 6 o'clock the amusement com menced; for then one or two, having anchored on a short scope, drove, and were compelled to make sail to beat up again to position. As the day wore on the jetty became crowded, the l>ooths on the beach hoisted flags, and attention began to centre in the half a dozen competitors who were at anchor off the jetty. Soon that tormentor to all river sailers (the Swallow) ap >eared as .saucy and presumptive as ever. On joard her might easily be noted one of the very few true yachtsman tliat the colony can boast of who has laid himself out for the noble sport of yachting, and pays attention to it when his forensic pursuits permit. The course was a distance of alwut 20 miles, described by a line from the jetty to the Light house, thence to a seaward buoj- west from the Wonga Bank, then to a buoy south of the T-head, and returning to the pier, but to com mence a second round of precisely the same description to win at the jetty end. Very pro perly, there were but few restrictions, the craft to start from their own anchors, and passing buoys on the port baud. Shortly before the time appointed the Sailor Prince was found to have sprung a leak, and, it was feared, would relinquish the course. Like all British sailors, however, Reid was not to be easily beaten, and finding his craft only leaked on the star board tack he slung one of his hands in a bow line and caulked the seam most cleverly in time to take up position. It was a matter of tem porary annoyance that the mark buoys were not earlier placed; but this difficulty was easily got over, and at 11 o'clock the ketches were ranged into position with springs on cables as follows: 2\. Dashing Wave, sailed by Ivorf. 2\. Adonis, sailed by Quin. 3\. Crest of the Wave, sailed by Mortess. 4\. Prima Donna, sailed by Simmonds. 5\. Sailor Prince, sailed by Reid. .i. Fleetwing, sailed % ifussell. Hacli carried Marryat's numeral as a distin guishing flag, and it was arranged mainsails,, wizens, and staysails were to be set fair before making the signal "All ready." The tout r.ts'mbft was extremely fine as the precious old " Junk" crossed the stems to see that all was right. The signal-flag was lowered, and in one moment the whole fleet canted on the starboard tack, effecting- a splendid start. The Fleetwing took the weather gauge, setting maingafftop sail to about as much north-easter as she could stand up to. The Crest of the Wave also set the mai 11 guff topsail, nud stepped out well towards the bar closehauled on a reach. The Prima Donna had scarcely set her mainsail when the throat halyards carried away, and the whole concern came down by the run, giving all others a good chance. Then a little gust of wind made an "Irish reef" in the Dashing Wave's mainsail, and she was under the necessity of tying up a reef at a very early stage of progress. At this time the whole fleet was scarcely heading for the bar buoy when the Adonis set a good example and tacked inshore, so as to work up in smooth water. The others followed suit, and as soon as Prima ^ Donna had repaired damages she looked as if royal-yard jack meant to work up to a position. But there was the Crest of the Wave and the Fleetwing, the Adonis and another on the weather reach. TheFleetwiog stood up to her canvas remarkably well, Tout the Crest seemed to have most power. Of course the loss of mainsail by reefing almost shutout Dashing Wave, bat sbe very placidly continued in the wake tail the second round, when her hopes vanished, and she, like P. D., left the contest to the others. Simmonsd's course of proceeding was scarcely in keeping with his known character, and was the more un accountable because on a previous occasion the Prima quietly headreachea and weathered on the Crest as she chose. Now came the tug of war as the Fleetwing cleverly made a short board and rounded the bar buoy atl2.15, followed at a bare minute's interval by Crest of the Wave, with Prima Donna ten minutes astern, and Adonis to follow. As soon as it became a run staysail-halyards were let go, and square sails substituted, while tiie auzengafftopsails were very smartly set. With the wind aft Fleetwing and Crest kept e<jui-distant to the mid-buoy, and there was not the least per ceptible change of position. The Sailor Prince was rather crippled by the loss of the bow sprit, and Adonis lost heart as the two leaders increased the interval. After passing the second buoy the course was about south-east, conse quently it brought the wind more abeam, and instantly the Crest overhauled the Fleetwing. For a few moments the former's alteration m speed was scarcely noticeable; but die gradually drew on her .ival until the bowsprit covered the taffraii, then headed a little further, when Fleetwing took in her mizeugafftopsail and spurted again, as she was freed from on overpress of saiL It lasted but a short time, for the Crest finally took position in the van. There was also a very close contest between the Adonis and Sailor Prince. The latter headreached at times on the Harbour-Master, and ultimately took the lead. But while very amusing to note the second part of the fray, the contest between the leaders was of most importance. At 10 minutes past 1 the Crest made a short tack in shore, and completed the first round at 1.10; and so well had she behaved in working to wind ward that four minutes elapsed before the Fleet wing rounded, and filled away on the starboard tack for the second race to the lighthouse. It was good fun to observe the struggles of third, fourth, fifth, and sixth boats. Like Mr. Micawber, they waited for something -to turn up, but not a mast would carry away or a shroud part, to allow them the ghost of a chance, and thenceforward the whole affair lay in a nutshell as far as competition went, for Crest, having secured the lead, kept it most beautifully, and finally came in at 2.29, allowing Fleetwing to follow eight minutes after. During the race there was just as much wind as whole sails could be set to, and at times it was necessary to shake up a little in the squalls. Some managed to carry the topsaQs till a late point of the race, when the breeze increased, and brought along clouds of sand and dust, which entirely destroyed the enjoyment of the spectators, who, as soon as the event was over, sped towards the Port. The whole affair was highly successful, though'the most knowing old salt in the Port would never have backed the Crest to win, although the tact of the master was something in her favour. It was not a brilliant exhibition to poke the bow sprit through the mizen of somebody else just .S finish the day's work, but the little conlretemps was unavoidable, and the day passed away without aught further to mar the success of the ketch race. 