DE TOP OF DE NEW POST OFFICE. The following was found wrapped round Tnelancholy remains of a German sausage, auu i.^.3 been attributed to an old Dutch« man named. Mynheer Von Bloompstiiam. It would bare appeared -earlier, butxinfor /turiately theauthor msnota fcapid'com poBer, :liiBar.ordin?ay irsteLf.being!>ihat' o£ rtWO linen and: fflTkn per',- weekf. ftiM-linHnm spelling and grammar, rvaiying"acc»rdiiig to use-degree of innpirafcion imparted^byronj quarfcsof lager fbeerper ida^.! -lAt ;preseafc be isin a ray inm-aiufpwaiiiiMirian^ifriim ia severe fracture of ids ?jneeraohntini/.'flb that this, piece, -written an -the late ceremony o£ : laying-the foundation- stone on tbe^fcbp of the new .Post-Offics, willprobably be bis last. He must havejbeen.!reading the report ofthe proceeding r,b£ those raw ' but sublimely courageous men wbo mounted to the.top of thetowerto perform the deedi rr.'tr.; Gfcrtiighermid lugger " Und dtaystepirom de earth dare vaa counted, rV3aile de oders dejr stuped to finish 8Lb HwnV .'!;'t ;? Und'dbydosp-?+ -- De Thine nod dolager, dey dinks vas' .mora Dhah de glory of laying de .voundataon-adoae OH de top . of de blace There dey postes de Und deyediiks Itmorebefcter to leafe it alono, Und dey leafes it alone! , Ohlde odis dey. inountid mit hearts full .£ Und,deir Tifes, ,oh!. dey hopaa dat dey nefer coom down;" Unddey " shouts" for each oderinit shoyfulest ' : flatness, : . . Yhile deir hoosbands looks cloomllyofer de toira Mit dremblin! 0! dey finish de deed, all mit derrible ? dremblin/ *. ' ' "» Und dey dinks dey vas better be drafflelngihack, Und dey looks fery prave mit dfiir . scmblin ^ - Ash'f dey follows each oderon de ; "wallaby track," Mit shaMns! 0! I zees dem coom down, und I dinks dey Tas . "Quakers" . /. <? Mit de vay dey vas tremblin in efery sholnt, Vor dem Artemus Ward und Uriah . do Shakers, Vos nodings to dem not de ghost of a "point." Not nodins I Oh! de babers dey say dat dey draffel down »afe, Und deir vrowsj 0 ! de derrible shock . . ? . Here the subject seems to have proved too great (or the lager beer too small) for the feelings of the susceptible author, and the emotion of the vrows has been left to the imagination of the experienced. roroHoo. Port Adelaide, Jirne 11, 1870. 