NELLIE'S ROMANCE. CHAPTER I. XT u J0U il'£ somg to be married, Nellie 1 said Bertie Egerton, stroking his tawny and decidedly handsome moustache. They were alone in the conservatory, and the musicians were playing the " Mabel » waltz, and the dancers were whirling round like mad. * esi s^e eaid, and she said it a little ruefully, as if she still carried her heart about with her, and had not given it into the keeping of her future lord and master. "I d°n't believe you care for him, JNelhe Vmce, though you are going to marry him." 6 "No," she answered slowly,- "I don't. Indeed, on 'the whole," she added candidly, "I think I detest him." The Vinces were miserably poor those most unfortunate of beings, poor gentlefolks-the sort of people who, in the course of a season, suffer a dozen martyrdoms from petty mortifi cations, with an endurance which if known, would excite the envy of the ghost .of the never-to-be-forgotten spartan boy, and extinguish his glory foi ever; the sort of people who have an appearance to keep up, and nothing to keep it up upon. They gave a dinner twice a year, and starved for a fortnight before, and grumbled for a iortnight after it. They never went to a theatre unless they had orders given to them, and then they ordered a brougham, because cabs cost nearly as much, and were more vulgar; and they stinted themselves for a week after the indulgence. The girls went to all the parties they were invited to, because," explained politic Mrs. _ymce^ to Colonel Vince, who, if he had little money, had much pride "because," said Mrs. Vince, "they might £et off." Besides, going to parties was less expensive than giving them; so the girls went in their ever lasting muslins, which were ironed when they were tumbled, and washed when they were dirty. Heigh-ho! I hey were so poor, though they did riot shew it much-that is, not much considering. They wore cheap gloves and common dresses, and made the latter at home; and they passed by the bonnet-shops, which they were never allowed to enter, with a sigh. They pretended to like walking better than driving ; and to dislike all wine (that is, at home), excepting claret, which was twelve shillings a dozen. And they kept small fires, and threw up the cinders; and didn't feel inclined to go to church on collection Sundays-that is, .the Colonel and Mrs.'Vmce didn't. Nellie, and Clara, and Arthur went to high-church, where there was always a collection; but they ignored the bag altogether, and when it came around, sang very | loudly, and looked at their hymn-books very attentively; so they didn't notice Nellie was the eldest girl, pretty I rather, and decidedly spirited-clever jto, lively and amusing. She was ? twenty-one all but a week, and looked younger and felt older. She had been in love with Bertie Egerton all her iife; but he had nothing besides his handsome self and pretty name to boast of; so, though they understood each other as perfectly as if there had been a dozen proposals between them, they bowed to circumstances. He was supposed to be a barrister, but he had never held a brief in his life. He had an uncle rolling in money, who had sent him to college, and promised to do something for him, and who had paid the fees for. his entrance at the .temple; but Bertie, though he had acquired great knowledge of the world, had acquired little knowledge of law, so his uncle whs not best: pleased. Now, '. Money-bags," as his nephew irreverently ealled him, was seventy five, and not amiable-so he would not have been lamented; but he shewed no signs of dying, and if he had, perhaps there might be nothing in his will for Bertie, though he was his nearest relation. Altogether, there fore, things were hopeless; they could not marry on lore, and live on air; besides, Bertie had a righteous horror of poverty. Nellie . was romantic, very decidedly romantic, though she pretended to be matter-of-fact; in her heart, she was horridly disappointed that Bertie didn't propose Gretna, or its equivalent (since that useful in stitution was abolished). She was in love, very much in love, and if he would have only asked her, would have married him, and settled down to genteel poverty for the rest of her days with the greatest satisfaction; but he didn't. On the contrary, he bewailed his poverty, and said he thought he should propose to " Plant ations ".-Plantations being a West Indian heiress, with plenty of money, and little beauty. Therefore, Nellie, after being talked to, and having all the advantages explained to her by ' her politic mamma; and being lectured and called " My dear daughter " by her proud papa, had accepted old Brownlow. They were to be married in July, and this was May; so she had two months' freedom yet, and then-but she resolutely forebore to look any farther. Old Brownlow was as rich as a Jew > so it was an excellent match, people said, and they were more attentive to the Vinces in consequence, especially to Nellie. He wasn't handsome. He was fifty-five, and rather gray. He wasn't over head and ears in love with Nellie-he adored himself too much for that. The fact was, he wanted a mistress for his house, and some one to head his table, and he thought she would do. He had hesitated between Nellie and her younger sister Clara. Clara was prettier, but Nellie had more spirit, and that had decided him. He liked her independence and spirit, though he intended to curb it as far as he was concerned. Clara would have accepted him much more willingly; she liked the pomps and vanities of this iniquitous world, and rather envied Nellie on the whole, and admired her diamond engagement-ring particularly. \- Nellie had not seen Bertie since the evening that ring had been placed on her not at all willing finger, till they met at the Wilfords' party. Luckily, old Brownlow was not there ; so they had it all their own way. They had danced about a dozen bars of the " Mabel," and then betaken them selves to ^that dimly lighted and re markably convenient conservatory. , " Detest him!" said Bertie; "pleas ant; certainly but he seemed rather, pleased, on the whole, or, at all events, decidedly not sympathising, as he ought to'have been. "Indeed, I do Bertie." They were sitting down now in the cosiest corner of that cosy flirtation arbour. " Why do you marry him, then?" " Oh, he's rich," she replied a little scornfully. "Worldly young perssn you must be," he said, looking as if he con sidered her a curiosity, but there was a look in his eyes as he bent them down on her which Nellie didn't see, or her heart might have fluttered un pleasantly-" very worldly young person," he repeated, " but not at all singular, though." " I am sure I would much rather not," she said dolefully; " you don't know how "I dread it. I am sure I don't mind poverty in the least; indeed I rather like it;" but her tone was doubtful when she added the latter clause, and her thought reverted to the bills in the.letter-clip on her papa's writing-table, and the foot-notes ap pended to many'of them that "Messrs. So-and-so must request, &c.;" _ " Doesn't do now-a-days, darling," he said. He called her darling now and then, and Nellie pretended not to hear it. He only did it now and then " I am sure money isn't everything,', she remarked sagely. " It's a good deal, though." " Oh, of course it is," she answered a little crossly. She was a shade .vexed, to tell the truth. " Of course it is something to. have a nice house, I and servants, and carriages, and big fires, and four-and-sixpenny glove*, and new bonnets, and not to have to turn one's frocks, and not extinguish half the wax-candles the moment one's guests are gone-and and - But she stopped and shook some rose leaves off her muslin dress, which looked more crumply than usual. "You know all the advantages, Nell," he said ; " you have evidently learned them by heart, as children learn their multiplication table in the days of their infancy. Go on." " And-and "-she was nearly cry ing, his coolness was so provoking " and-some one-a husband. And she gave a great gulp at that word; she couldn't have brought it out if he hadn't been so disagreeable. " To lore one, and take care of one. " There are others willing to stand in that relation to you besides Brown " Oh !" she said, waiting for him to proceed, but he didn't, only went on stroking his moustache in an insane manner, Nellie thought; so she wished she had said " Where ?" instead ef " Oh," which might have induced him to be more explicit. " Wish I wasn't such a puuper, he remarked presently, and he sighed. Nellie heard the sigh, and was de lighted. He had left off stroking his moustache now, and was looking into her eyes; she did see the expression in his new, and she felt her turn, had come. , , " " What a delightful couple we shall be!" she said tensingly. "How we shall yawn at each other from each side of the fire-place; and how su perbly polite we shall be.to each other; and how he will hate me in six months, when he finds I fulfil all my duties properly, excepting that of loving him j" and she was a little bitter now. "You don't love him then?" he asked eagerly. . " Didn't I tell you I detested him ! " Nellie "-and his face was very close to hers-" Nellie, how happy we could have been!" "Yes," she whispered, and she didn't move her face. . . "No use, darling;" and he kissed the lips so temptingly close to his, and wasn't reproved. Very shocking, wasn't it? especially considering that diamond ring on the third finger of her left. hand. Perhaps she had forgotten it, though, for she hadn't taken oft her glove. " You see there would be such a fearful row, and we have no money; " Yes," she said doubtfully. _ Just then the waltz ended; and little knots of heated dancers strolled in, so- their tela d tete came to an un timely end. , Bertie was quieter than usual when, he reached home that night, and stroked his moustache more than ever. " Dear little girl!" he said to him self. " If old Moneybags would only do something, or something would only turn up, I'd risk it declare L would. She's much too good ior Brownlow." , And when Nellie reached home, she divested herself of her finery in five minutes, rolled her muslin frock up in a ball in her excitement, and cried herself to sleep. (To le Continued.) 