CHRISTMAS AND MR. PARKES. ? ^- ? The Flaneur in Friday's Empire, thus writes about these two celebrated characters ; — 'I am full of Christmas. Even the literary duel, which I think threatens to grow into fisticuffs, between Messrs. Forster and Psrkes, loses its interest for the time ; and that long list of confiding creditors who appear to have had a just appreciation of disinterested patriotism is almost banished from memory for the nonce — but not quite though. Was ever there such a specimen of ingenuity in financial operations ? By Jove, sir, you have found your Treasurer at last. That's the man to raise the wind in our empty Treasury! Forget him, indeed ! Oh no ! I can fancy some of the credulous ones whose names figure- in the list, and who don't quite forget the Kiama mystery yet replying to a similar question in the precise words of Hamlet to his father's spirit : Remember thee? Aye, tftou poor, 'Ghost,' while memory holds a seat ? ? In this distracted brain ! I have not a very bad opinion of my compatriots but must confess that I never before believed that there was so much genuine benevolence in the country. Why, the victims seem to have bled literally like calves. Talk of ' the butcher, the baker, the candlestick-maker'— this list completely eclipses that famous assemblage of industrious tradesmen. Here we have wine merchants, printers, lawyers, newspaper proprie tors, members of Parliament galore (ten belong ing to one House and three to the other !) squatters, anti-squatters, Catholics, Protestants, Jews, University profess'ors, banks, aldermen, chemists, grocers, agents, brewers, boot-makers, butchers, auctioneers, drapers, stationers, Go vernment officials —oh ! the list swells into pro portions so enormous that the imagination can hardly grasp it ; and I staud rapt, amazed, and dazzled at the genius which could thus effectu ally mesmerize so vast and varied a throng ! ? -^ ? A Distinguished Visitor.— On last Satur day evening, the Courier states the Very Rev. Dr. O'Connor, brother of Dr. O'Connor, of Yass, arrived in town, on a visit. The very rev. gentleman came to this colony by the last steamer from Panama, which reached Sydney last Friday. Notwithstanding the great fatigue he must have undergone, the rev. doctor celebrated Mass in St. Augustine's on Sunday last. As a clergyman, our distin guished visitor has acquired an European reputa tion. There is, we believe, scarcely any part of the conijjnent of Europe that he has not visited and there officiated iu his holy calling,1 while for a few months lately his ministrations have proved equally acceptable in America. After a short sta'y in Yass, we understand the rev. gentleman will visit other parts of this colony. Heroism of the Bishop of Brisbane. — A ?correspondent of the Ration, who had distin guished -himself as a Zouave, wrote from Rome under date November 1st:— 'I think it my duty to return thanks in the name of my com rades for the service rendered to the Papal troops by an Irish prelate and an Irish lady, at a mo ment when such services were doubly dangerous ; for they had to brave not only the fire of the enemy but the treacherous vengeance of the Garabaldian hordes whom the invaders intro duced into the Eternal City. The English news papers have- very justly praised those of that nation who distinguished themselves on that occasion ; why therefore should we be less grate ful and refrain from acknowledging the courage rous conduct of the Right Rev. Dr. James Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, and of Mrs, Hassett, who braved the hail of shot and shell which devastated the environs of Porta Pia, for the purpose of as sisting the wounded and giving refreshments to the men under fire. The same indefatigable and intrepid lady afterwards went to Civita Vecchi to visit the prisoners and render them every as sistance in her power, The Catholic Church in Australia.— The following is from the latest London shipping intelligence by the mail: — Per G. Thompson, jun., and Co.'s 'Patriarch,' from London, October 27. For Sydney (consigned to Monte fiore, Josephs and Co.) : The Misses Wood (3), six Lady Missionaries, one bishop, seven priests, Ms. Wade, Baron Wenckstem, Mr. Taylor, Dr. Dalter, Mr. Coxin, Mr. Stacey, Miss Dillenberger.'— Por Houlder, Bros, and Co.'s 'Glendower,' from London, October 10. For Sydney (consigned to J.JYazer and Co.) : The Rev. Fathers Horan,. 'Dunne, Ryan, Fitzsimon, Corcoran, McGougJif Foran, McDonald, Goulder, and Coleman, JKight Rev. Dr. Moran, Sisters Rooney, Gill/Sullivan, Hughes, Kerby, Whitty, Dooley, Mclaughlin, Tracey, Jordan, Murphy, Hickie, Bfeechinor, Walsh, Lynch, and O'Reilly, Miss ifickie and servant, and twenty second and/tfoird class passengers.— Melbourne Advocate. xThe Roman Catholic Church Property at Yass. — That valuable property in Cooma-street, Yass, (say3the Courier) belonging to the Catholic Church, is about to be disposed of in allotments. One allotment consisting of sixty-six feet frontage with a depth of 132 feet, and facing the Royal Hotel, has been purchased by the Commercial Banking Company of Yass from his Lordship Dr. Lanigan, through solicitors acting in his behalf. The price paid was £10 per foot. We believe the Commercial Bank has long since been desir ous of purchasing a site on this land for building purposes, but it could not be. sold until Dr. Lanigan returned from Rome, as his sanction was required. The directors of the bank have certainly good cause to compliment Mr. Pearson for the purchase he has made, for considering that the lower part of the town will shortly be valueless for business purposes, the price paid is rather below the full value. . Snakes.— We have not this season been called on to, narrate many snake stories. On Sunday last one of these reptiles, measuring between hve and six feet, waa killed by a number of .youths near Mr. McBean'a farm on the Yass River. When opened it was found to contain thirteen mice. — Courier. 