TWO GOLD RINGS: Ob a Bachelor's Dream. By James Ddnlop. 'You look miserable, Tom j what is the matter ?'' ' Miserable ! not I. I am attoat the happiest man that's out ; but I had a fright last night, and I have not got quite over it.» ' A fright I I did not think you were so easily frightened. Didu*t see a ghost, I hope?' 'Oh no, no,' said Tom j ' not exactly ; but it was worse than that — I had a dream.' ' Oh, is that all L' I said, feeling much disappointed, for I had begun to expect to hear something startling and wonderful. 'Allf repeated Tom. 'It was quite enough, I can tell you. You would say so yourself if I were to tell it to you.' M Tell me what it was all about, then,' said I,' and I shall then be able to judge as to its dreadfulness.' ' Ob, yes, I'll tell you,' said Tom. ' Bat come along to the ' Horse f I am afraid that my throat will get dry before I can finish my story. Besides, my nerves may want a little stringing up.' We adjourned to the u Horse ' forthwith, entered its snug little parlor, stirred- up the fire into a blaze, called for the host, ordered two whiskies hot with lots of lemon and notr too much sugar, and having comfortably seated ourselves each in an easy chair and on- eitner side of the fire, Tom, after a few pre liminary remarks, commenced the recital of of his dream : — ' You must know,' he began, ?* tbat yes terday evening — I tell you this in confidence,. remember — I went over as far as old Colia. MacDermot's. A very nice old gentleman, in* his way, is Colin, but not quite so interesting, as his lively young daughter Kitty. She lar indeed, a very nice girl, and I daresay you; may have heard that there is more than coai mon friendship between her and myself. Whether such be the case or not, I do not mean to tell. But there is another young lady who has the reputation of having gained the mastery of this manly heart. I mean Mary Green. She is also a good sort of girl, though I cannot say I admire her very much ; and as for her beloved mother, whose chiif aim in existence seems to be the getting of me as her son-iB-lawr her I abhor. Well, as I said, I was spending the evening at MacDermot's. It was pretty late before I started home, and before I left I had supper — supper served by Kitty's own hands ! I believe that under this incitement I did ample justice to the cold bacon and cnions which constituted the meal, as also to old ColinV ' Hieland whisky toddy,' which inevitably followed after. I ana not exactly SHre at what time I arrived at home, but it must have been near bed time,, as I turned in at once. Of course - I do not remember the exact moment at which I fell asleep, but I have very vivid recollections of what happened, or appeared to happen, almost immediately afterwards. I: thought (to drive right inta the subject) that the morning had come on which our Club is to shoot for the two gold rims. *' You have heard about them, I suppose. They are to * Uti CUUipcLt/U HJL UJ UHUUC1ULO). IUIU IUD UU1UILU nate winners are expected to give up their freedom before the expiration of twelve calendar months. But you know all the arrangement, do you not ?' I nodded assent, and he continued : — ' Well, the morning had come, and I was on the field with two or three others. A great many people, including many young ladies, had come out from the township to witness tbe competition, and a great deal of chaffing was carried on between the crowd and the youthful competi tors. Among those assembled my eye quickly discovered Kitty MacDermot looking as bright and as blooming as a rose, and as fresh as a morning in the month of May. I tried to catch her eye, but she studiously avoided looking at me, although- 1 was cer tain that she was well aware of my presence. A little further on I came upon Miss Mary Green, accompanied — ob, horror of horrors !. — by her everlasting mother, I had to pass them on my way to the firing ground, and no sooner was I descried by the old lady and her blooming daughter than a prec'pitate descent was made upon me by the pair. ' Oh how do you do, my dear Mr Spark?' half screamed the old lady, almost hugging me as she spoke. ' So you are really going to try for the rings ? You will use one, I am sure, if you ^et it,' she continued, giving a know ing leer at Mary, and from Mary to me. Mary simpered, blushed, looked ' conscious, and cast her eyes to the ground. Confound your impudence, I thought, but I merely grunted out some irrelevant reply, and my eyes at the same time wandered towards where Kitty had been standing' She was looking full at us, and was evidently sur prised at my reception. Oa meeting her gaza I felt myself color up to the ears, and hastily wishing Mrs and Miss Green a very good morning, took myself off to the place where we were to fire from. The first five rounds I was not at the head of the score, and I began to breathe a little more freely. The truth is, I dreaded taking a prize. I had eertainly promised to Kitty that I would try for one, but those Greens had frightened me out of it, and I was deter mined not to have one. It was no use, how ever ; fire after this where I would — high, low, right, or left — the inevitable red and white flag was displayed from the little stone house at tbe butts. I was getting in despair. At every successful (?) shot, I could see as I turned round the faces of Mrs and Miss Green radiant with grins, and their heads nodding vociferous approval. I now got desperate, and fired nearly right over head, but that disgusriug red and white flag popped up as usual. The firing ceased, and amid loud applause I heard myself heralded as the winner of the first ring, I was in a dilemma between ebagrin and pleasure. Pleasure at winning for the sake of Kitty, and disgust on aceount of those Greens. My dilemma waft not long in being dissolved, however, and tbat in a most horrific direction, for pressing and elbowing through the crowd there came ^ Mrs Green with Mary sailing in her w«ke. She struggled up to me, and half hugged me to her fat person. f To be concluded in our next.] 