MOBNnJG/ CALLS AND MODERN __EX-' ofi' TRAVAGANCE. , T ' Of late n deoided reaction lias sot in against ..those pqnseleBs morning oftlls ns.tlie medift of .in-: formal social intercourse; of wltich. reaction tlie( outcome ''may ' be seen 111 the " At Homes," the " Five o'clock Tene,'' tho " Days," now so popular among "our ladies. And deservedly popular. Fir at least these arrangements let us know where we "are and what we have to expoct, and tell us .that ""we need not go on such nnd such days nnd hours if we wtsli to shirk our friends, but that if we wish to see them we are suro to hud them then uud there ; apd'though substantially hearts may be no. truer at a drum thnn onywiiere else, semblances are Bb inucli the more honest and observances less; absurd, which is something guined in this ndicu-i (Jons Mife'bf ours we cull social. Iu theso after-: noons, too, every one is slightly less formnl, and, so tat as men go, less dressed, than in the more; 'stately evening " at .homes." 7 -As for, thb women,, Vflb'wliat 'wemay, they Will tiirn every SqciaFmoet-: (ing 'ihtb an'oooasiou for fiuery and display ; nnd even in houses where yon are' expressly told7 " not; dress .parties," the hosteBB herself leads the. way,! and is the foremost to deck lierBelf out iu;lier host bravery, to the style, of which- her guests must; conform if 'lliey would. /not "be as much out of .harmony as the. violius of, an orchestra playing F. sharp while the' harp and; trombones are .giving! out jbiee flats; It is by no. means /saying that, women ought not to regard tlieir style nud beauty; as great good, gifts to be carefully .'guarded /and: preserved, with all due-honour to the last possible; moment, if 'we regret,' as all thoughtful persons; must/tlie mad love of dress and personal ladq'rn-i .xnent/whicli rules them as n acx, It;is tuis! which makes society so difficulti saye to ,the very wealthy. We cannot meet in: anything like sim-;. plicity of .circumstance or attire :for' the - sake of pleasant con versation , or the kindly interest wliicli j we take.in one another. Itmustbealwnys more orj .less 'a matter of toilette— a field day for gbwhsj and botiuels to prank tliemselves before eyes more7 envious or more exuhnut than admiriug— a battle j ground where the spirils of rivul milliners nndi ghosts of rival purses do shadowy strife to-! getker ; for even nice women are not ashnmed to rank themselves "no higher than .clothes horses, 7 and to. thiuk their value depends on the money ; worth of their gowns, represented either by value of | material or originality of cut. And if this is truei of uice women, who have minds and souls, .what ; " is it of those who have nothing of tlie.one and but little of the other? Why, they are all clothes! hofises, and nothing else— ail mere dummies, 'upon ; wbioli to haug so uiuolt silk aud velvet, so many i tags of lace and ribbon; and thoir worth) is, ex- j itotly' commensurate with the lust. account their: milliner sent in,; and' the amount, of ;piu. money; assigned to them for the .creation of tho typical; ducks and drakes. And. as, unfortunately for the7 world/ there are as yet more dummies tliau reol 7 -men- and women, more clothes horaee than clothes j wearqrs; the whole aveuues" of! Bociety7 get choked : with' tlia/press, 'and /numbers carry/ the day. if, 'weight of brain dods not! ' If it.were not for these we shonld soon /be nbliT to inaugurate it really i simple style" of : society, very different from any- : thing, we have now.— -Queen. | 