PeovEssoR BLACKIE, of the University of Edinburgh, gave his third lecture on "Moral Philosophy," on Tuesday last. After referring to certain points of agreement in all philosophical systems, he singled out for consideration the dis tinguishing tenets of Christian ethics. "rThe Christian moralist's method of operation, his lover and motive," he said, " is essentially, [prominently, and radi cally religion; and this not as deduced from principles of reason (after the manner of Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle) but as derived directly from God him self. Christian virtue, he said, can no more exist without piety than Socratic virtue can exist without logic. This is prayed by the Acts of the Apostles, 1st and 2nd. The starting point of Chris tianity was the effusion of the Holy Ghost, which fired the hearts of the disciples with high moral inspiration; and the force which stirs the fire by which this inspiration is raised is a fact the miraculous life, death, and resurrec tion of the Great Founder of this religion. The resurrection was preached with an exhortation to all men everywhere to repent. As illustrations of the way in which Christianity was first taught and received, the Professor referred to the preaching of Wesley and Whitfield in the last century, and the effect produced on the Established Churches. He then commented on three potent levers of Christian morals. Monotheism, which totally excluded the debasing worship of the heathen deities; an historical Sa viour, who died for the sins of men; and a future life, which gave a greater dig nity to human life, as being the vesti bule of an infinitely grander scene. He then noticed the Christian method of conversion, which he characterised as acting by moral contagion and philan throphic aggression. The apostles, he said, were commanded to preach the Gos pel to every creature, and they did so, illus trating their doctrines by their lives. Among the specialitiesof Christian ethics, he particularly adverted to-first, the ex ceeding sinfulness of sin as the cause of the wrath of God, sin being moral death, restoration tolifecoming by thegospel, en trance into the Christian life being termed regeneration; second, love to God and man with self-denial; third, forgiveness of injuries; fourth, moral courage inti mately connected with the identity of Christian conduct and Christian faith; fifth, the moral rights of the individual, in opposition to all mental and corporeal slavery; sixth, humanity and obedience. All these points Professor Blackie illus trated by references to the Acts of the Apostles and the Epistles, with occa sional comparisons derived from ancient authors. As a recent example of Chris tian philosophy he alluded to the late Professor Faraday, of whom Dr. Bence in his "Life," after speaking of his truthfulness, kindness, and energy, says: -" Some will consider that his strong religious feeling was the prime cause of these great qualities; and there is no doubt that one of his natural qualities was greatly strengthened by his religion. i It produced what may well be called his marvollous humility." The latter part of the lecture was devoted to the abuses of Christian ethics, described as asceticism, qnietism, intolerance, sootarianism, ortho doxy, sacerdotalism, ritualism, and, what tlid Professor termed the worst, secular ism-" the alliance of Christianity with power, money, and social status; which I converts a religion of love, unselfishness, I and humility into a system of pure sol fishnese, dressed in the garb of worldly pomp, but using the language of Chris tian humility-of all hollow exhibitions the most revolting."-Illustrated London t Naws, May 14. IT is scarcely necessary to remind our readers that the annual meeting of meain e bers of the Northern Agricultural r Society will be held at Longford to-mor r row. . We.believo the suggestion.which It has been frequently made in these 1 columns, for increasing the usefulness and d interest of these societies by their combi g nation for" exhibition purposes, will be r, brought under discussion. Feeling a is deep interest in the successful prosecution to and improvement ofagriculture we should ,t hail any movement calculated to a- secure that object, and we know i- of none so likely as the one proposed. d " Union is strength," and what one dis a- trict is unable to achieve single-handed, ir may be easily and triumphantly accom LO plished by the combined districts. g Against one danger we desire especially es to caution our friends: beware of local , jealousies. Do not let narrow, selfish considerations stand in the way of much needed improvement. If the proposal is adopted and heartily carried out, our northern Tasmanian agricultural exhibi id tions will become very different affairs to o- what they have been lately. 