To the Editor of the Standard. Srn,--I intimated by postscript to my last communication, administered to Mr. Phmbus, that henceforth I should not consider it in cumboent on us to reply to the silly invectives of any simpleton who may choose to write in your paper in reference to us. But these very impudent, very stolid, and exceedingly thick-skinned bipeds-seem capable of resisting an amazing amount of literary flagellation' before they can be made oven moderately tractable, though they seem altogether incapa ble of being impressed with the smallest amount of reason, Nevertheless, it is the opinion of some that theirs is but a simulated impenetrability to the satirical lash, and, like the Spartan youth who laughed while the stolen fox gnawed at his vitals, or Drydeu's sardonic despot whose "outward smile con cealed the inward smart," they yet feel equal keenness with others of the genus homo. Such literary sciolists, however, of the Phcobus class, cannot understand when they are fairly defeated; but he has given us a specimen, from his irritability, that he fully comprehends when he becomes the objeoot of universal contempt and derision. We were, therefore, greatly amused, indeed, at the extreme disrolish with which he received the castigation we administered to him for his temerity in obtruding his "Slovenly and unhandsome corso betwixt the wind and our nobility." Lilto every objector of his class, he complains, in every form of dulness, of the instruments and manner in which we ad ministered the objectionable application; but we bog to remind him, upon the best autho rity, that it is not the practice with destroyers of vermin to allow the little victims a veto upon the weapons used against them. Not withstanding their remonstrance, they must all be despatched in the manner and by the instruments which are found most efllicacious to their destruction. Reobllion is ineffectual when they are entirely at our mercy. Ridicule, says Shaftesbury, is the test of truth ; and I am convinced that the strokes of our raillery, and the poignancy of our satire, though very unpleasant to Mr. Phm bus in his present mental crudeness, will be of ultimate advantage to him in his riper mo monts, and may possibly convince him that fools should not rush in whoro angels fear to tread, or teach him the useful lesson of his' prototype, in his favourite /Eschylus, whoso motions were retrogressive, that, though hl e is incapable of demolishing a temple, he may yet succeed in kicking down a hovel. Visions and magic spells we do despise. And laugh at witches, ghosts, and jprodlgies! But, in our illustration of Phmbus as Aek. bar's ghost, what earthly analogy had it to 1 the ghost of Hamlet's father ? or the manner in which he was murdered by the infusion into the system of the poisonous juice of hebenon by being poured into his ears while sleeping in his orchard ? A ghost is a ghost, I admit; but the nighty diflferenceo between the ghost of the Royal Dano and that of an obscure scribe can only be reconciled as the acmno of absurdity. We know tlhat a moun tain is no molehill; that a pigmy is not a giant; that a rushlight will not bear com- s parison with tile moridian sun : and with thoe I utmost disclaimer of vanity on our part, we know that the mental twinkldo of Mr. Phlmbus must pale its inelfectual flash before the in tollectual blaze of Camlberoona. If we are to have meretricious ornament, lot it be as things which are most befitting when they are in their proper places ; or, inl the append age of classical soentimenots, lot us have themsi appropriate and cognate to the subject-matter in hand ; but we protest against tile use of sentiments that have neither terseness nor analogy; and we deprecate with bitter emphasis the wanton and sacrilegious ex humation of the olflsl of the dead -- lan. guages ; or of perpetrating the flagrant enor mities of rifling dead men's skulls, or playing battledoor with dead muen's bones; for, we opine, that these were not the practices of the veritable mythological Phobuss, and cer tainly should not be indulged in by the shadowless Mr. Pllhcobus. Before this dispenser of small thunder commits his productions to the press lihe should submit them to some competent per. son for grammatical correction. For, not withstanding, Mr. Editor, your labour of polishing in other respects, his total neglect of Addison's petition of swho and ewhich, and his remonstrance of affronted that, I submit that the use of the copulative conjunction and four times in one sentence is splodging your fair sheet, and is, in ef'fect, a reflection upon the peripatetic schoolmaster in the locality. And yet, Sir, with these and other glaring defects, is it possible that this callow student is occasionally to be seen on the St. Kilda beach, with pebbles in his mouth, practising the Oroltusdo of Demosthenes, in order to improve his articulation ? If this really be true, and lhe continues to perpetrate these and other strange ecceintricities, it is, we say, time he be dubbed as having the head in Juvosal-lribus Aulicyris caput insanible, and that Ihe should be iplaced under legal restraint. To speak of such an erratic character as an adversary would be to take away all dignity from contoempt. To us his mind is an intel lectual famine. In all that is varied, instruc-. tivre, and interesting, to the liveliness of imagery, pungency of period, fertility of allusion, and vivacity of wit, Iris is a vacuity in whlich the soul sits motionless. Hle has, thorefore, no perception of the cogenucy of argmoent, the force of trite sentiment, the various colours of diction, or the flowery em bellishments of fancy. But to supply the lance of absent qualities, we see in hbiu mean sentisment, narrow comprehension, obtrusive ignorance, inefllfable conceit, and unpardonable pLresumptien. And now, Mr. Phsobus, let us say, with tile veritable ghost in I.amlet Adieu, adieu, adieu ! Retnmember me I Iain, &e.;, CAunsluoonA. 