A GERMAN WAR SONG.. The Times Berlin correspondent Bends the text of the new Rhine Song, which, set to an inspiriting tune, bos fast become tho " Marsellaise" of the present. war. He appends the following translation by Mr G. Soiling, late of tho Woolwich Academy :— DIE WACnl AM E1IEIN—(THE EIIINE WATCE.) A eoae like thunder strikes the ear, Like clang of arms or breakers near, " On for the Rhine, the German Rhino! AYho shields thee, my beloved Rhine!" Dear Fatherland, thou necdst not fear, Thy Rhineland Watch etands firmly here. A hundred thousand hearts beat high, Tile flash darts forth from ev'ry eye, For Teutons brave, inured by toil, Protect their country's holy soil, Dear Fatherland thou needst not fear, Thy Rhineland Watch standB firmly here. Thy heart may break in agony, Xet Frenchman thou slialt never be. In water rich is Rhine; thy flood, (rermania, rich in heroes' blood. Dear Fatherland, thou needBt not foar, Thy Rhineland Watch stands firmly here. When heavenwards ascends thy eye, Our heroes' ghosts look down from high ; Wo swear to gtiard our dear bequest, And shield it with the German breast. Dear Fatherland,.thou needst not fear, Thy Rhineland Watch stands firmly here. As long as German blood still flows The G-erman sword- strikes mighty blows, The German marksmen take their stand, No foe shall tread our native land. Dear Fatherland thou needst not fear. Thy Rhineland Watch stands firmly here. We take the pledge. • The streams rnn by j Our banners, proud, are wafting high. On for the Rhine, the German Rhine { We all will die for our riatire Khine. Hence, Fatherland, be of good'Cheer; . . Tby Rhineland Watch stands^firmly here. . Fatal Accident.—We regret to hear that Mr. 3. Heppner, a respectable farmer at G-erogery, was found dead on the Burrumbuttocfc Boad, on Wediesday la4t, under circumstances which appeared to show that tbe deceased had upset a cart which he had been driving; and was killed by the vehicle -falling upon hitb. Some children who were also ia the cart were thrown out, but were not injured.' " AlBuev Building Societv.—At the monthly meeting on Thursday, six shares were sold—namely, four at a premium" of £23 10s and two at. £21 10s. The receipts for tbe -month were' £265. -Messrs John Besitt and Richard O'Keefe were appointed auditors. , • _ 1 - ' Teoeosed Pastoeal juid Ageicitltubai; Show. —A public meeting, as will be Men by the advertisement, will be held on Tuesday afternoon next, to consider tbe expediency of reviving the holding of a Pastoral and Agricultural Show . in'Albuiy... Tbe attendance of farmers and' squatlers is invited, tbe excellent object in view being one'which reasonably dlaims' their co-operation aud assistance. The, time named for the proposed Show—namely, in January or February next, is only mentioned -suggestively, and is of course subject to alteration as the meeting may deem best. Tbe meeting mil be held at the Globe at 4 p.iq. . . .. . The Hume Electorate Vibtually Diepean- Chtsed.—The" continued debate on/the Treasurer's budget, and the magnitude :of the questions raised in that discussion, have stirred up a degree of intereist in Sydney politics which is unusual in this distant part of the colony. Whenever politioa are discussed the natural question arises—" Where is the member for the Hume?" We chronicle this ds a simple matter of fact,-which many of our readers can bear but. Even Mr Fallon's supporters express their regret tbat bis business avocations' have prevented his attendance in the House this Session for more than a few daye (at the time when a party division was expected),and tbat many of the most important questions of the day have been discussed in Parliament without a voice or a vote being forthcoming on behalf f the nlivrtarf of the Hume, 