HAVE you ever seen a ghost ? No I Well, theu, 1 have been mora fortunate. It was not tbe gliost of stately dame in rustling brocade, nor the spirit of cavalier in silken trunk hose, visiting the tapestried chamber of an ancient mansion. It was no per* t'urbed spirit doomed to walk the earth in punishment for crimes committed, or waiting until some unfulfilled vow should be accomplished, and an end put to its midnight errantry. The ghost 1 saw was a most unromantic one—a ghost proclaiming a foul ^unnatural murder, appearing in the solitude •of the Australian bush. You may perhaps maintain that it was no ghost at all, and you are welcome to your opinion. At the lime 1 looked upon the apparition as a visitor from the other w\»rld, lor years I have held the same view, and nothing that could be said or written would alter my conviction on the subject. I seek not to make proselytes, I ouly state facts. When the ti«w Bendigo rush broke out I was gold-buying in llie district, and was brought into connection with most of the traders of what is now called St. Arhaud's. As my business often took me to Melbourne the storekeepers confided their orders to me for the goods necessary for their calling. I was most often required to send up grog from Melbourne, and received a liberal comjnission, particularly if fortunate enough to •get it delivered at its destination iu reasonable time. On one of my trips to town, I had been favoured with a large crder Air spirituous liquor. The purchases were soon effected, but I had considerable difficulty in obtaining drays. At foot I had the satisfaction of .seeing the goods safely off to St, ArnaudV I had been fortunate in securing three drays, belonging to one proprietor, and he himself acted iu the capacity of bullock-puncher. He seemed a steady jmaa, and his presence was in some sort of way a. guarantee that the cargo would not -be broached during the trip. He was accompanied by his wife, a middle-aged woman, matter-of-fact iu the extreme, and not particularly attractive. I had some conversion with her before starting, recommending. her to keep a sharp eye to the grog, and had therefore'had every, opportunity of becoming-familiar with -her features. The drays departed, and 1 saw no more of them forabout three weeks. I finished my business and left Melbourne for New Bendigo, Maryborough was reached by coach, the rust of the journey being performed on horseback. On reaching a creek near where the roads branch off to Avoca and St, Amaud's, I came up with my drays. They had just camped, and the driver stated that he intended giving the bullocks a spell until the next morning. I had Bome conversation with: the female, who told me that the grog was all right, and that as the roads were in good order tl»ey would not be long after me in reaching their destination. ^Arrived at St. Arnaud'e, I intimated the speedy arrival of the drays, and set about my avocation of gold-buying.' Days pasfeed, and there was 110 intelligence of the grog. I was pestered by anxious storekeepers as to where I had last Seen the drays; how many bullocks there were; if this men'were Iionost, and a host of such like questions, to which T gave the most satisfactory anBwers in my power. At last, intelligence of the tardy vehicles arrived, but far different from that anticipated. . Instead of tbe ; teams themselves, with the concomitants of cracking bullockwhips,-and the usual " whoa, whoa, Brandy," «nd "come up Snowball," there arrived the iiewB lhat 'a foul diabolical murder had been committed. On' the morning after I had .quitted the drays at the creek, preparations were made for'deparfcure, but it was found that during the night the bullocks had atrayfed^from the camp. The proprietor and his men started in search of the animals, leaving the woman in charge of the .loaded drays: Shortly after her husband and his mates had left, she was disturbed in her occupation off collecting her bush lares and •penatea by the sound of approaching horses. Presently three horsemen pulled up about fifty 'yards from the camp, and took a survey iff .the scene. Satisfied apparently with their investigation, they advanced towards the;Woman (it a-rapid pace, halted close to ihe"3rays;- when the foremost presenting a xevolvertold the woman .tp " bail-up." They were^all well mounted, carried each a.pair of revolvers, and had\t|iqtr features conce»Jted by thick black crape. /Instead of complying with the polite request, the woman* wiin more courage tnap discretion, j&tMkaiLtliem; wj$ btjr tongue, nnd.pr.uic J a tirade of abnse. She deas a lazy set of villains, and jn strong language that they ashamed of themselves forjjtipk- *nt people instead of following *, lpation. Several timeB she was jti vernacular to " stow her gab," %t avail, and she still continued to orrent of invectives against the Such, indeed, they were. As me to light they had learned ut to travel from St. Arnaud h with a considerable amount y possession, and had deter- [v transfer of property. To wile ime they had been sticking up pun the road between Marybo- Avoca, and had at last deter- '"t for mv appearance at the \ hey fell' in with the drays. Vthe contumely heaped upon \man, one- of the men who ypoken, aBkei|»er if she \woinan," and being an- %tive, he presented his *|ile that he would send 'Connell, and fired, and the courageous aded in the stomach, .man who had fired the denunciations of the PI coward, and told him jhing further to do with •f vn this state when the f-bell warned the bushiest seek safety in flight, f -heeled round and de- • Scarcely were they out husband appeared with :ocks, to find his wife in eB of death. She was able at had happened, but could 'iption of the mens features, road they had taken. One of bullock drivers was despatched to ijinryborough for medical assistance, and to communicate with the police, About even- ing a doctor arrived upon the spot to find the unfortunate woman a corpse. The body was conveyed to Maryborough, and a coroner's inquest pronounced a verdict of murder against persons unknown. The drays were taken charge of by the police. Active search was made for the assassins, who, it was thought, had taken to the Milh-c. When the news reached St Ar-um iV, it Caused great excitement. T« ihe to, ic of conversation for a f<irtui«lit. IViva'•• parties, of which I made one, were organis d to search for the murderers. The country was scoured, and detectives were employed without avail. The p-rpetrators of the cowardly deed could not tie f rami, and in aboat three weeks the occarr lice began to be no longer a subjtct of interest, and threatened soon to live only in men's minds as one of the traditions of the early and lawless days of the colony. When my business was completed at New Bendigo 1. found it necesFary to proceed to Melbourne, and so one day about three weeks after the event recorded above, 1 left that township, intending to h:ilt at St.rathfillian station, and to reach Natly Yalloek in tbe evening, where my friend Mac was inspector of police. By leaving this place at an early hour in the morning I would be able to catch the coach that left Maryborough for the metropolis. On arriving at Strathfillian I found that the family of the- squatter was supplemented by two ladies, the owner's sister-in-law and a friend, who were on a visit to the station. I arrived about lunch time, and having partaken of the repast, was about to depart, when I was pressed to stay for dinner. I consented. The afternoon passed quickly away, and I found enough to amuse me, although the game of croquet had not at that that time been invented. Pinner passed off- merrily. The squatter for a wonder had a good cook, and his wine was excellent. The host was witty and the ladies were charming. After dinner we had music and singing, and finally got upon the subject of the murdered wornau. At last I expreesed a determination to depart, and was met with a pressing invitation to stop all night. It was urged that the bushrangers might be lying in wait for me. To this I replied that it was not probable that they would ventu e in the district again,«atoall events until the affair'had blown ov«r. I moreover stated that I had taken the . precaution'of sending my gold to Creswick, so that it might be forwarded by the escort. To the reiterated entreaties to stop all flight I turned a deaf ear,- and at about II o'clock my horse was brought round. Bidding adieu to my friend*, I mounted my horse and rode off. uicklv I traversed the paddock, emerged Srough the slip panels and struck the beaten track. The horse I was riding was young, a free gofir, and one that knew me well; I was in particularly gool spirits—a little excited by the unwonted cheer and animated conversation of the fair inmates of Strathfillian. I bad no rare upon my mind, and jogged along thinking of my, trip to town. It was clear moonlight, and one of those sharp frosty nights of June and July in Australia. The country I was traversing consisted of open forest of box and red gum ; ever and anon I'came upon patches of dead timber, the withered branches of which took all sorts of fantastic shapes, and looked like weird creatures disporting themselves in the moonlight. Now I rode across some small plain encircled by a belt of timber, and then again once more into the forest. I had not proceeded for when I noticed that I was off the track, and knew by the sound that I was travelling upon turf. A slight deviation put me right, but in an incredibly short time, I perceived that orice more I was on the grasB. Somewhat annoyed, I gave my horse a sharp cut or two with the whip, took him by the head and put him on the beaten road. The animal was, however, disinclined to keep the track, aud it required all my attention to prevent him getting into the bush. He now began to show signs of I distress, and instead of going freely it needed frequeut applications of the spur to keep him iu a canter. At last he propped suddenly, and stood staring into vacancy with distended neck and out stretched forelegs He had' broken out into a profuse sweat,, breathed hard, and showed unmistakable signs of, feat*. Looking ahead C'saw a strange light jtqp dim- for a fine, and more like the^eflex <>f a lime light thrown on -to a stage. My first thought was that it was epinjj epci ,«f mirage,, but a .few muuieut'a consideration told me that could not be the the caw, as at was too close. I coaxed my unwilling .feteed, -and after much labor encouraged him to proceed towards the liorjit. "It became 110 brighter and as I approached no cause for the curious effect became apparent. On looking to the right I perceived what I made out to be three loaded drays to which no bullocks were attached, and uuder a tree near the farthest I distinctly saw the figure of a woman standine and apparently looking in my direction. At once it flashed upon me that I was near the plaeti whera the bullock driver s wife had been murdered. To the left 1 saw the outline of the creek, which, though dry in sumjner, consisted at this time of the year in a chain of water holes. I must own tha t I felt somewhat uncomfortable. The horse refused to move, so I dismounted, took the reins over his head, and waited towards the tree followed by the animal. When about ten yards off I stopped, and taking a steady look, became convinced that it was the woman with whom I spoke on two occasion*, and who had been reported as dead 1 called out but received no answer; then tried to whistle "II segreto," but broke down miserably in the first bar, The horse was now in a frightful state -of fear; he trembled in every limb, and refused to move. I unwound the halter that w as twisted round his neck, hitched him t® a tree, and then, as if driven by a sudden impulse, advanced towards the woman. When close enough I saw that there was a fisity of the eye and a rigidity of the limbs that spoke of death. I endeavoured to place my hand upon her shoulder, but although the figure remained before me my hand encountered no obstruction ; in fact, it seemed to sink into the woman's bodv. I slepped forward a pace, and found that I had literally walked through the figure, Still it stood there pale and immovable as a wax figure. Casting my eyes over her head I saw another sight. Amongst the trees I discerned the dim outline of a horse, then the limbs of a rider, and lastly a pair of eyes gleaming upon me through some black object. At once the lime-light brightness fell upon those eyes, and I saw the head of a man whose features were concealed with a black veil, in which two holes were cut for the purposes of vision. The crape came down as far as the point of the nose, and, although fie upper part of the face was hidden, I distinctly saw that the man had a hare lip. At this moment the female figure under tne tree raised her arm and pointed in the direction of Maldon, and then woman, hare lipped man, drays, and lime-light all vanished, aud I fouiid myself standing in the middle of the bush, my horse tied to a tree, standing with drooping head and quivering flanks. As soon as the strange *<-eiie had vanished the horse seemed to recover immediately, and began crop ping the grass near him. I sprang upon his bai'k, " (stirred his courage with the steel,'" aud never drew rein until I readied Mac's quart, rs at Natty Yalloek. He had long retired to rest, but the door was quickly opened, and Mac, in dishabille, came to meet m", «e!<irg iu rather forcible language what I meant by dropping in at that ungo'lly hour, lie soon saw, however, that something uncommon had happened, and refrained from further observations. We went into his room, and under the soothing influence of Ileumssy and a pipe of Barrett's twist I told him my adventure, adding that it must have been imagination. " Iinagination, be hanged," said old Mac, " it was a warning I'll go bail that the murdering villiaus are hanging about Maldon." It was agreed that a party of police should be sent out to reconnoitre, that I should go to town, despatch my business, and return to join Mac in the pursuit of the bushrangers. Next morning I left for Maryborough, took coach to Melbourne, transacted uiy business, and within the week was back at Mac's quarters. He had received no news from his emissaries, but we determined to set out on our expedition. We rode over to Maldon and spent two or three days in reconnoitring the district without seeing anything of our gentlemen. On the third day one o'f'the police stated that he had discovered three men living in an. isolated hut about twelve miles from the township. He had made inquiries, had ascertained that the nearest neighbours believed the hut to be empty, and further added that a teamster had told him that he had seen three horses hobbled not far from the shanty. That night, about 10 o'clock, Mac, myself, and four troopers, wended our way to the hut. When about one hundred yards from the place, we dismounted, left the horses in charge of one man, and drew near. A light was visible through the slabs, but when we were some twenty yards off, it was suddenly extinguished. We reached the hut and waited patiently for some time. Suddenly there was a noise within, as of some one putting wood on the fire, followed by ttie attempt to blow the almost extinct embers into a flame. Suddenly a ruddv glow came through the chink*, a sign that the dry wood had caught. I looked through the opening. On the floor were a couple of forms, rolled up in blankets Opposite to me, with his elbows on a table aud his head in his hands, sat a third man. His face was partially concealed, but I saw he had a hare lip. I pointed this out to Mac, who whispered " that's our man." Retiring a little, our plan of action was quickly formed—two policemen to stand guard outside, while Mac, followed by the other constable and myself, determined to rush the door. The two constables were placcd about ten yards from the. door, with their carbines to their shoulders. Mac, with revolver in hand, dashed at the door, which gave way like brown paper, and burst into the hut, followed by myself and the third constable. The two figures sprang from the ground; the man at the table removed his hands from his face, and stared vacantly at the intruders. Not 4he slightest opposition was offered, and the three were handcuffed with out difficulty. We remained (here all night and sarly in the morning started for Maryborough, where we arrived without adven- •ture, and gave up the prisoners to the authorities; Hey were - tried, found guilty, and executed. Before they were launched «iuto eternity, the actual murderer confessed his crime, and'the others, though denying their guilt on that occasion, confessed to having more thau ouce skilled hurnau blood. • ^ o ie i.tol^. Tou may think, reader.thatwhat I saw, on that", moonlight night in the foreSlWSB the/effect bf an excited imftginali 'ii, or you thay pbrhaps be •till more unchari&ble;,^Mt ; it cannot be contested that the incidents attendant upon my ride from Stratlifillrid' to Natty Yalloek led to the speedy arrest and punishmnnt of the murderers of the bullock-driver's wife.— Leader'. SNAKES AKD SNA.RU ANTIDOTES.—'The Medical Gazette for the month contains some very good matter which treats of thiB subject. Touching the recent case of snake bite at Talbot we have the following:— "Immediately after the bite Mr. Coutts w$fl brought into Talbot to Dr. Dowling. He became powerless two or three times on |jie road.' On his arrival Dr. Dowling injected ammonia into the veins of both armB at the bend of the elbows, two or three times in tbe left one. Coutts occasionally walked about the streets, and at times appeared quite exhausted and sinking. At the eud of the second day the arms swelled very murh, and" began to smell. He was then removed to the Amherst hospital, when the resideat "surgeon, Dr. Webb, stated that had he bewra day longer in coming info hospital he would have died. Either onlhe fiistor Becond night of his being in hospital, one of the veins burst open, and he nearly bled to death. Dr. Webb had to make cuts in the arm, and, he told me. had to scrape down to the bone. The veins burst out bleeding two or three times. The arms mortified; the left was greatly, swollen, and a portion of the vein had to "be cut awayj He left the hospital on the 10th inst., being forty-four days under treatment, aud is btill unable to do any work. The arms, particularly the left, are very stiff about the elbow-joint." One of Dr. Fayrer's experiments, the report of which we give in full, may be recommended to the spccial notice of Vieto nan practitioners. It runs thus:— "Some time ago, on visiting the hospital one morning, I was told that a man had been admitted during the night suffering from a snake-bite, and that he was very low. I found him in a state of great prostration, he was hardly able to speak, and seemed to be in a slate of great depression. He and his friends said that during the night iu go ing into his hut a snake bit him in the foot, that he was much alarmed, and rapidly passed into a state of insensibility when they brought him to the hospital. Tiiey and he considered that he was dying, and evidently regarded his condiiion as hopeless. He was, in fact, iu that condition not unfrequently described, from which the sufferer has been snatched by the timely administration of art anlitio'e. On asking for a description of the snake they said they had caught it and had brought it with thetn in a bottle. The bottle was produced, and the snake turned out to be a small innocent Lycodon. It was alive, though somewhat injured by the treatment it had received. On explaining to the man and his friends that it was harmless, and with come difficulty making them beliere it, the symp'oins of poisoning rapidly disappeared, and he left the hospital as well as ever he was in his life in a few hours. Had no snake bepn found, and had an antidote been given, who would havo been prepared to dispute its eificacy ? I am sorry to destroy popular and favorite illusions, when they are harmless, but 111 a matter of this kind, it is well that the truth should be known."—Leader. 