THINGS NOT GENERALLY KNOWN. Br PEeP-o'-D.AY. The town clerk wants to know whether a stand ing order of the Finance Committee is an order for oudimited grog at .the Steanlpacket. Not quite. He's to Reid, mark and learn, but not in wardly digest. The Mechanics' Institute committee w.ant the School of Design pupils to know that while they need not stalld on ceremony they must not abuse the forms of the institution. Perpetrated on board the Nelson.--Why is Councillor Clough like an American orator ? They both go in for " whittling." The thought of the olbnoxious trades has made Cherry keep a coughin g. He is prepared for the worst. Ten shillings reward will no doubt be paid by Sergeant Harvey for the discovery of any one who can make a more diabolical disturbance thani the individual who is lcarning a cornopian within hearing distance of the pohce court. The Sunday school teacher' who, having at teiupted a joke last Sunday afternoon, in a fit of despair rushed to the flowing bowl, was bowled out by his superintendent, who punished him by making him attend the penny readings. He has been psnitent ever since. The Williamstown Debating Society has been Rees.cussitated. T. Sloane is going to publish a newspaper with the L'dinburJht Revieow motto--Jule.tc damnatur cm,?,t 'cers aboeitar. The leading article is to hbe writ-ten by the local bailiff. They say there was a fight at the meeting of the Short Hours' League last week, when some body's goose was Cooked. Mr. Mason had the lion's share of fat. A young masnin Stevedore-street the other night stuutbled over all idea. Although muddled, lie quickly hiegan-.ed his former position. A scavenger lately drifted beyond his depths, aund in a few minutes there wats No-lan(d) in sight. Itis a genteel thing to ask a newspaper editor who writes the anonymous letters and where lihe gets his articles done. Never omit to do this. If you drink at a publican's bar ask him what sort of liquor lie sells. IIe'll be sure to tell you the truth. A man was pelted with decomposed fruit the other nlight. They said he received an apple Jack-eting. It is not true that a resident of Nelson-parade tdied of asphyxia on Tuesday night, although one of Mr. Rleid's council-table punts nearly did the business. The groecrs are going to lower the price of tea. They recomthise the fact that the \\\illiamstoniams are teasy people. One of the local voluhtcer artillerymen who were told the other day at rifle practice to keep their breeches clean, went home and washed his uniformnn trousers, but coultl not help thinlking the sergeant had been guilty of a breach of good manners. A resident in Romunie-street says it's always rainy there. I think the man is anl escaped lueatic. The man who " hanged out" at the watchhoilie the other night was very dry indeed next morning. ile still bore Marks of excitement about him. A maws who attended the lecture last week on "Humnbug, Cant and Quackery" got such a duck ?,i going home that he Can't leave of Quacking for the life of him. The Wesleyans are about to give another tea meeting, when in all probability there will be no collection. A North Williamstown punster observed last week that when Artemus hWard as census collec tor put the question " Wot's yure fitin' uweilt," the answer he no doubt got was " Ilait a little longer." Not so had. There are loud inquiries among Williamstown choirs for singers. Singular, is it not ? When -Mr. Dwight was asked to come out as Hamlet's ghost at the Williamstown popular entertainmnents; he replied lie was not such a darned wight as that. "'Tis time this Hart should be umnoved," said a councillor of Footscray of the obliging town clerk of that borough. Strange that the same idea should have occurred to one Byron years ago. The chairman of the Williamstown Gas Com pany directors is of opinion that the company can't make as much gas as that manufactured by the Williamstown Council. Quite right. Popular Delusions-That the "first book of (Williamstown) Chronicles" was written by the ex-mayor; that Mr. Clough is going to be a ma gistrate next year; that MIr. Reid did not make more than half-a-dozen speeches at the last council meeting ; that Mr. Irons has been reduced to a state of starvation by the stoppage of work at the dock; that the obnoxious trades won't create a stench ; that the town inspector is an unpopular man. 