„0 ADMIRABLE EXAMPLE." PleEwnt'y fl owr tf>e waters of the Bann down die ocean at the headland* of Dunboe, and in f?;" v gammer-time they pass sparkling by the «n*D and liberties of Coleraine. Earl Spencer wag there on a bright day in thi« I »ek and by the broad river, memoried of Irish I airy, he tnld all who listened to him, in reply h .< m own Commissioners fVunmlaainnDrfl of nf Coleraine, PAlonina that thnf he haoked the inhabitants for " the loyalty they Ihidextaibited to her present Majesty," and he I felt that after "the beautiful scenery" amidst ® which they lived, amongst other things, that nthinpsrtof the country bad enjoyed that decreeof prosperity of which you are justly proud, udby which you show an admirable example to the rest of Ireland." Verilv, that northern land, although it was not j„aj. B loyal to English rule, is an admirable ex- I ample to the rest of Ireland. Its inhabitants do I not point oat homes where the people died of hunger in the famine year, nor grave-yards rich vitb the rank fructivity that springs from earth that once was live human Irish nature. The jtarth-Btones whereon the landlord has written tiis edict of eviction to the household—to the sgeiaod to the young—the rooftrees that his fres of ruin blackened are scarce about Coleraine Siid all that land, once styled by an English flsntagenetking "the kingdom of the Kinel- Eogliain." Busy factories employ many a hand that otherwise would be withering in idleness. Thrifty traders deal and prosper on its linens, celebrated for their texture. Merchants grow jnto magnates in the far North. "Where the loom lias ceased to ply, the factory has been raised to continue its industry. The hardy peasant lives upon the soil whereon the forts of the Undertakers were raised, and the Culverins of the Planter levelled of old to give him tenantright Expatriation is an alternative of choice ratberthan necessity, and everything indicates the comfort, ease, and thrift of a protected and cherished community. In the South and West things are different indeed, but his Excellency did not tell that to the people of Coleraine. He only hinted it when he said "this part of the country" WHS an "admirsble example" to the rest of Ireland, And his Excellency said that, as if the rest of Ireland id been a6ieep, or very thriftless, or very improvident, whilst Coleraine and «' this part of the ountry" were up and doing. He never told hem that, linen was legislated for because wool ras grown upon the backs of Irish sheep, nd because Irish woollen weavers, from Rilkenny to Cork, were able, even in days of expentire transit, to beat English factors of that fabric in their own markets. He never told them that their wealth had grown from a trade first designed by English policy, to pauperise the country -that it was strengthened by subsidies and enconraged by fosterage. He never told them that the landlords of their fathers were bound to keep them in the land and give them a hold upon it which was not easily loosed ; and that the planter's possession of the territory was dependent upon the strong arms and hardy presence of the men who tilled the soil about his fortress. He sever told them how Connaught and hell were similar alternatives in the mouths of the troopers lrho beggared the lands beyond the confines of the Boyne—how industry was strangled by the I adventurers who diove out the people at the I point of the sword, and then allowed them no I chance of return, by rendering their faith [ a bat to education, to the acquirement of pro- [perty, or to any rights beyond that miserable I existence which it was troublesome to take. No I breathings escaped Earl Spencer of the gallant I nm°- rd8men " who last lield tlle country of the 10 Neill, and at its confiscation were deprived of I their arms aud driven from the scenes of their I battles and their fortunes, lest they might ex- | cite again their old and dormant ardour, and I were barred by opposing armies outside the [ hunts of the territories of their Sept in Munster I and the West. Earl Spencer did not tell his I hearers that even there a ruthless persecution I followed them, and " they were allowed to rest I in no one place," and so wore out their lives. | In fact Earl Spencer alluded in no way what- I ever to the past. He saw what he saw, and did | not care to inquire into it too curiously, but pawed the prosperity of our Northern brothers, which we wish right well. Whilst this is so they are not bound to be so forgetful aB Earl Spencer may be. A great and grand history lies hemmed amid this Ulster land I of lake and mountain. The leaders and lords I ot the men who abode in it once were great, and have left many names upon its hills, and ghosts | yet to linger by its streams, who in the flesh daimed the Wood of Mai of the Hostages. i8 yet a time t0 I w -u come, assuredly, when the j J 10 "? wi| l claim its heritage of fame beyond the | days it battled for a change of masters, and will go back to the mighty times of chief and bard to look for its Irish lineage. Dpon its litany of | Jj®«nbrance will then ring loud the names of sr £ 0} ' al P" Dces w ho looked down from aiieve Gallion to the lines blending southward at Urgial, and thence, with an eagle sweep, could I ffS tl,e ' r domainB 10 the »ea at Ben Bane | f^' And what a roster of daring valour and oeit scheme will they count over. It was ever I Ufflial whose Farrah whooped loudest in the °r whose equipage shone brightest in the pageant—from him who smote the Danes in 40 thttt trij wondrous warrior who routed field-Marshal Bagenal at Blackwater! The Battles with De Courcy, the Stronghanded— "esties with the Henries—the courtesies to rd and E,izabeth f tk (rare events in the cycle oi three hundred years were courtesies to Eng- «sn monarchy from the Einel-Owen)—the wild nash across the Bann, when the land furthest! " ort award was regained from the Norman, to "main the appanage of the chieftains until the of Jamea theFirst—theburst with Bruce !?„ i e L 8 of Fsughast—the kingly fear of that English Henry who crouched to the chivalry of ! -forth, and ennobled even a bastard of its f^nouse, making bin an English earl, that i l j i f ® ^ favour and gain peace from the make ftp «« U P the romance and reality of e Se l <« that grow rich with the industry and guardianship of Ulster, and leave as proud a title to memory,as any In the world of history. When that day comes, as come with God's good help it will, for the North will yet be in Ireland, there will be statues of the O'Nial of renown in many a town that owed his sway. The Scots erect .the image of the Robert Bruce of Bannockburn on the field where he routed and slaughtered the English invader. The conquerors of Benburb and Beal an Atha Baidhe have left a mark as famous in the domain of the Redhand. When thdr statue? arise in the country of their renown, Ireland at peace will exclaim that the past, is forgotten, and that Ulster is once more "an admirable example."— Irishman. 