i The Last Thing Out in American j ' Sectarianism. ¡ 'GBEÀT religious excitement exists in Macopin, f twelve mileB from Patorson. A now roligious society, ! i called "jehovah's Band," hus been started, sup-| j planting a favourito station of tho Methodist Church, i The Motnodists sent their best preachers to combat ! thé herosy, but they aro repudiated. Each in turn i is forced to leave. . The peouliar form of worship devolopes itself in I puffing, blowing, whistling, shouting, jumping, Î .wrestling, falling to tho iloor, and rolling over and kioking. Both women and men engago in the i exorcisos. Baptism is by immersion in tho village j mill-pond at the dead hour of night. On Sunday { thoyhold continuous service, and take a recoss for S meals only, refusing to read a nowspaper, or evon to ¡ receive a letter on that day. j; Every Thursday evening they hold their meetings ! ¡n the "school-house, until a difficulty about tho candles used led them to leave it, and now they meot in any house in tho neighbourhood where the spirit manifesta itself. , John' Rhinesmith, a wealthy and woll-to-do fanner of the neighbourhood, is tho chief man of .the band, and recently had his house rebuilt espe- cially to accommodate tho brethren ; one room resting on strong beams, it stands tho jumping ; .but about a month ago an ardent member, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled by the Holy Ghost ho folt as light as air, and oven though they jumped upon a looking-glass thoy would not so much as bruiso it with a scratch ; whereupon ho began to leap upon tho stove-hearth [ .and broke it off, and then leaping on tho top broke I i¿ the frail covers, and finally smashed a big rock ! ing-chair before he subsided. Recently Rhinesmith baptized Gilbert B. Speaker, a man of family and a convert to tho new faith, the baptism taking place in Rhinesmith's mill-pond, j before tho members of tho bund amid shouts and cries, the whole gang at ono time shouted "fire," to jthe alarm of others in tho noighbourhoood, it being theil after midnight. One of the band told a reporter that as he was j |at work ia Ms barn ho got tho spirit, and that he ran I one mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all this timo ho was dated that he thought he was frying. When jumping in ecstacy of the Holy Ghost, they say their spirits rise abovo their bodies. I They permit no person, excepting those belonging to the hand, to join with thom in singing or jumping, or any other of their exercises, although no objec- tion is made to the attendance of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A dozen will have tho floor at once pounding and kicking, and tho whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excitement some jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others praying, whistling, or puffing, as for a wager. . They permit no levity on the part of the young folks during their proceedings. Mr. Cobb, ono of theJband, is thought to be growing insane under the excitement of this religious phrensy. There is no doubt that the members of the band are sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over 600 memhera.-yew York Telegram to the Cincinnati Commercial. 