'- MUSIC. Signor Devoti'6 Concert.— The complimentary con ceit tendered by the committee of the Saturday Night Concerts, came off on Monday at the School of Arts ; and wob in all respects as successful as ever its supporters could wish. The hall and gallery were crowded in every part, and the audience was very enthusiastic. The first pert of the programme was introduced with the 'Miserere, of which the prominent parts were sung by Miss Eosten end Signor Devoti. These artiste also divided the well-merited applause of the audience by their rendering of the dust, .' Ama tea msdre,' and other cam positions. Master W. Thompson's cornet eolo was a clear and powerful performance, end in deference to impatient calls for an encore it was repeated. Mr. George Russell pave a couple of comic songs—' Dobbs in Paris,' and ' The Ghost ' — in a clever and sprightly humour, and each of them occasioned a great deal of merriment. The ' British Lion ' was well sung by Mr. H. Gooch, and Miss Kosten's singing of 'Come e Bollo' repeatedly evoked the plaudits of the audience. The duet, ' Non son tuo' Figlio,' sung by Mrs. W. J. Cordner and Signor Devoti, was, perhapB, the best vocal performance of the evening, and it formed a sort of climax to the first portion of tbe concert. The next part of the 'entertainment included tome 'musical ' whimsicalities by Mr. Gub. Wangenheim ; but it was chiefly remarkable for the very excellent donciag of Mr. Major, the champion Scotch dancer, who went through Gillie Callum and the Sailor's Hornpipe. Both dances were in full costume, and the latter was conceded in response to demands for a reappearance. In the third part of the concert, Devoti sang some English ballads ; and he was also assisted by Miss Swaddling, Mrs, W. J. Cordner, Miss Kosten, Mr. L. Simmons, asd Mr. G. Russell. People'6 Concerts.— Tbe usual weekly concert given by the Eons of Temperance came off on Saturday night, at tfe* Half, Pitt-street. Mr. IV. H. Mackenzie presided. The hall was comfortably filled, and the very excellent and entertaining programme was carried out as announced, with the exception of the recitations falling to the share of Mr. Cameron, that gentleman being prevented from attending through ill health. 