ALIVE IN THE DEAD-HOttES. The San Francisco Alta Calvfomia gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was. immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment: \--The body was deposited in ai case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most {unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-liouse was sought after, but, being tfware of whathe quired to do,1 he sought cdri&itnfant;, prefering to let the ghosts fight3tout among themselves rather then attempt to become peacemaker; When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed; to the dead«house and open the ,doer, ;thef ghostly form of the German, whoseJife had been a few hottrs previously pro nounced extinct, and who had5 been dressed in the robes of the dead, H stood before him. The keeper fainted out right, while the terrified German rushed headlong' through the long halls ^and corridors of the building,spreading dis may and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and: restoratives used, ? by which he was restored to conciousness. How he felt when he returned to con sciousness we give it as he told it himself: -"Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came to meand said I vas very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in de night, and there vas no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bedclothes, and, och, vat you think I got-vy a ded man! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up my head struck a board that vas covering me. " Oh," said* I, u vot does this mean, vere am I ? Am I ded?" and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And 1 knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would opeh for me, and I though I vas ded myself. I vas not sure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas ! caught. Then I fainted, and ven I ! come to myself I though it vas a dream, j But it is as true as I am here." We again note that Professor Nordeiskiold is organising another Polar Expedition for 1871-2, and that he intend?, amongst other thing?, to attempt to reach the North Pole bj starting from Spitzbergen, or its neighborhood* in the spring, and travelling by sledge over the frczen sea. It is reported that he intends to visit Greenland this year to procure dogs for hit enterprise. We fear that, if he relies upon dog*, he wi:l not sacoeed better than his pre decessors, and he may even experience great difficulty at the outset in obtaining the requisite number for his purpose; for, by the latest ac counts from Greenland, the disease among the dogs in that country (which proved such a hind rance to Mr. Why roper in hiB atteo.pt to pene trate to the interior in 1867} has spread, in spite of all efforts to check it, from one district fo another, and is still continuing its fatal ravages.-European Mail. We have been favored with a view of an im provement in the manufacture of -watches for colonial use, which seems perfectly suited to fill the long-felt need in that respect. They are the production of a gentleman for many years personalty engaged in the colonial watch trade, and now a member of the old and well-known firm of Barraud & Lund, of London ; the leading features are solioity, simplicity, and readiness of repair, whilst the attached winder, or key, which is firmly locked in the pendant, excepting when released by the simple act of opening the back to wind the watch up, makes it unquestionably the complete realisation of the colonietVneed.-Ibid. A horrible tragedy is reported from Baltimore. A woman named Catherine Marsh, who lived with her mother and four children in a house near Belair Market, proceeded to District School No. 13, and calling out her son James, cut hiB throat from ear to ear, nearly severing his head from his body. A little boy named Burnett came out of school with James and witnessed the murder. - Mrs. Marsh also attempted to murder the boy JB urnetr, but he ran and escaped She then returHed to her home and went into the back yard,^ "where--<»^her son, William, aged seven years, was swinging, his little sister Mary Jane, 8gfed four years, being at play near by. She next seized hold of William and cut -his throat, causing instant death, and imme diately grasped her' little girl, and, applying herw<apon, cutoff ber head. She then went -into the house^ad the throat of her youngest child^ George, aged two jean and Sire months. The head was nearly severed fAm the body. She next assaulted her mother, about fifty -four, and very feeble, cutting her throat so terribly that it was impossible for her to survive. Mrs. Marsh is about twenty-seven years of age, and .was undoubtedly temporarily insanfe when committing the murders. Printed and published by the; proprietors, Aefbed Ciodb, Axtoxp Ofp^&pOK;, and Hxkbx Hmocokd Tifcpitf>px, ~eve*y Friday morning, at the offi<^L^&ob;"itreet, Ulare. 