ROME. Miscellaneous.— January 14th. — The Tiber has at length broken its banks, and' the melting of snow on ,the Umbrian moun tains, with the return of rainy weather in Rome itself, has ended in a partial, inunda tion, and on Wednesday the Via dell' Orso was a yard deep in water, as well as the Scala di Ripetta._ The works at the termini for the exhibition have, been so much damaged by the rams, and the .difficulties of transit of works of art .so much' increased, that a postponement of . the ? opening has taken place by order of the. Minister of Public Woiks.', The Roman. Art Exhibition, will therefore be opened on1 the 15th, instead of the 1st of February. ? The river has fallen this morning, and the streets, although ex tremely wet and dirty, are . perfectly practicable.' .On Tuesday and- Wednesday boats were necessary to traverse one point of the Via dell' Orso, leading to the Bridge of St. Angelo, and the Pantheon was flooded over the bases of the columns. The 'Times'' would have been less bitterly disappointed in Cardinal Schwartzenberg if it were a studeno of- contemporary Church history in Germany. It must be what Dick Sweveller would call a' staggerer,' to read the ' Acta' of the Provincial Council, or Synod, of Prague which I, 'have before me. If the ?'Times' .-.correspondent ever condescended' to the logic of facts, instead of the cloud ! compelling system of pressing all sorts of I hazy and preconceived theories into his service, he would Have been aware of his Eminence- Cardinal Fried rich von Schwart zenberg having, in' the Year of Grace 1860, presided over the above-mentioned Synod of Prague, and that the said Synod did then and' there, under the Presidency of his Eminence before-named promulgate and ad here to as clear a declaration of Papal In fallibility as is likely to emanate from the Council of the Vatican.' . It is not easy to see why that should be inopportune at Rome, which was considered meet, prudent, and desirable by isolated 'Churches, face to face with a mixed population and a vacillat ing or inimical Government. The ' Times/' therefore, in asserting that Cardinal Sch wartzenberg was opposed to the dogma, was evideutly iguoraat that, he had presided over a Synod in which it was absolutely adhered to, as a reference to the Acts will prove. The question .of opportuneness existed in Prague, in 1860 as in Rome in 1870, and was just as likely to create a division then as it can be now. The initiative was actually taken by the Bohemians' and Hungarians,, and other Episcopates, and by no means by the ' Roman Curia,' or the ' Civilta,' or any of the numerous, human influences to which the Protestant, mind; is. wont, to attribute the action of the Holy Ghost in the Church of God. The ' Nazione,' correspondence is a mine of wealth to the English Protestant Press. ' Printed in Florence, it returns to Rome ? early enough ? to give the latest slauders of the National Committee on the Fathers of the Council, in time for the correspondents of the ' Times' to translate and forward them without any outrageous delay ; and the assertions of this revolution ary print; edited by Jews and infidels, when clothed in English dress,, and mixed with descriptions of. ceremonies &c.;,. stand the 'Specials' in- good stead. The correspon dences which -I forwarded yesterday from those of the ' Times,' and the system of 'judicious cribs' cannot be too soon or too fully exposed. Mgr . Berteaucl. Bishop of Tulle, preached at S. - Andrea deUa^ ? Valle yesterday; -and: spoke of the Infallibility of the H61y See as already accepted by; all .. Christians. ' II u'y a, que.-: des.niais qui n'y croient pas,'— a phrase- which evideutly re ceived a perfect .assent -from the assembly, among ? whom ??.we're :a- number of French, Swiss, ' and- Missionary Bishops. The letters- received recently from Jerusalem sneak of the rejoicings on the day of the opening of the Council as most general. The Franciscan Monastery, the Convent of the Dames de Sion, and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, were illuminated, as well j tfc &11 the houses occupied by Latins or Ca tholic Orientals. The Emperor of Austria h&U; decorated the Patriarch of Jerusalem, fcow in Rome, in memory of his visit, and thfe impression given by his conduct there is Sftost edifying, and the same may be said of that of the Empress in Rome. Her Majesty lifever goes out for exercise or to visit the monuments of Rome, without beginning and ^tiding her excursion by a visit to the Adora olfc Sacrament. The English hunt met at Cecilia Metella, yesterday morning, and the Empress was present on horseback, with his Majesty the King of Naples. The spectacle Vfr&a; a most beautiful one in spite of the heavy storm of hail, which came on just as iltupress arrived, and obliged her to take tf&fuge; in the tent provided by the hunt Committee.— ' Tablet.' 