CHRISTCHURCH, STRATHALBYtf. Amongst the many country towns in the colony Strathalbyn occupies a good position, and, notwithstanding the present depression, continues to improve. Within the last few months several additions have been made to it. The buildings, as a whole, have a substantial appearance, and the prettiness of the town is materially increased by its church architecture. For some time past the Presbyterians, the Wes leyans, the Primitive Methodists, as well as other denominations, have bad their edifices, hn¥. an 'Kninf.nra.1ian rjhiirnli has not vat been built, although the erection of one has been for years in contemplation. Of- late the members of the Church of England have been meeting for worship in the Court-House, where they have had the advantage of the ministra tions of the Kev. C. Goodenough Taplin. The necessity of having a suitable bwlding being felt more and more, it was determined a short time back to erect a church, for the accomplish ment of which steps were at once taken, and on -Friday afternoon, February 25, the foundation' . stone was laid by Lady Edith Fergusson. Ths land upon which it is intended to build the church has been kindly given by Mr. McLean, and is situated a little distance to the east of the town. When finished the structure will consist of nave, transept, and chancel, but at present it is only purposed to complete the nave, and carry tne tower as iugn as tne roor, the cost of which will be about £700, and accom modation will be provided for 200 persons. The architects, Messrs. English & Bees, have adopted a mixed style of Gothic architecture of the transition period, from the decorated to the perpendicular. The entrance will be formed by a massive tower, square on the ground, but ending in an octagon. The upper part is in tended for a belfry, and is to be decorated witk a handsome . battlement, terminated by eight pinnacles. |When finished the tower will be be iween- 70 and 80 feet high. The entrance door is to be deeply recessed with columns and en riched caps, leading to a lobby 9 feet x 9 feet, with tiled floor. From the lobby a door, covered with green baize, will communicate with the church. On each side of the nave massive buttresses axe to divide the building _in^3- bays, between which the windows occur. These are to be lancet cusped, and with label heads terminating with a boss. The transept and chancel will have traceried windows. Tne root will be covered with slate, with an ornament*! cresting. Inside, the roof will be framed and open to the collar; that part visible will be filled in with tracery, moulded- and chamfered; the ceiling matchboarded, and the whole will be prepared for staining. The interior dimen sions of the nave will be 50 ft. x 25 f fc. ; and the transept will be 41 ft x 23 ft. The chancel, octagonal in form, will have a vestry in flon^ munication. The nave will have pulpily reading-desk, and communion raiL The total cost of the whole building, including chancel, transept, and tower, will be about £1,800, and when carried out according to tne design will accommodate 350 persons. ' Lady Edith Fergusson, accompanied by Sir James, who was attended by Mr. Morris (Aide de-Camp), arrived in Strathalbyn about I o'clock, having come from Woodhouse, His Excellency driving four-in-hand. . They were entertained by Mr. T. O'Halloran, of the National Bank. The ceremony of -laying the stone — which was conducted by His Lordship Bishop .Short— commenced, when the vice regal party came upon the ground, shortly after 3 o'clock. In addition to the Bishop, there were present Dean Bussell, Archdeacon Mar ryat, the Bevs. W. A. Clayfield, E. Brown, and C. G. Taplin. Although the day was a most unpleasant one, it being very windy and ex ceedingly dusty, the spectacle was witnessed by about 500 people. The first portion of the service having been concluded, Mr. W. Fishkb said the bottle to be placed ' -J1 comes; of flie JlSw^trer.aiid IJBeotaEcFif the T Js^Jdwtw^jr; iiia^t'ijfae'%^%^k^i^ of i :.-,; ihe,'19fli;;ftndaie following writ^'4hparchi ,?.r!j mimt:— ^-The foundationrstone .of XJhrist .'.. .«fcn|w^t» rR^t.Kabyn, was laid $-y %afly Edith ;- J : FjEajguskon Jon the 25th 4ay«f February, 1870, ' .. \\. IJeSngiihe 33rd year' ;gf ' the xeign of , Her Most e^ Vgnwaoua Majesty: Queen l^ibforia ; the Bight ^ Hoh.Bir Jam&I;'ei^uBaou, Bart., hedng Gover „ -. noE-in-CMef-of the province of South Australia, ^ andlihe ^ht^Rejr;. -i^nstus, Stort, D.D., J r.f-. Bishop. blithe jcliocese, ; the Trustees ..being: :,;_ Meanst.H.Tfirgu8on, F. Miller, and H. Prince ; -, Jirdutects,ltfeasrs. English fe Eees.' , a , p^JBmsBaos then presented to Lady Edith .j » beanMful silver trowel, similar in design to „ '-? / tha|;given to H.B.H. the Duke of Edinburgh ? j_ ' onthe occasion of his laying the foundation-, 7\. itbno of ihe Prince Alfred Gollege. The sub ? joined inscription is neatly engraved upon it:— r 'Presented to LadyEdith Fergusson on her . -laying 'the foundation-stone of ChriBtchurch, ' '. StrathaJbyn, 25th February, 107,0.'' ','. Lady EDETH accepted the trowel, and hav . ing spread the mortar with it, the stone was lowered into its place, whereupon Her Ladyship applied the xoallet and the leyel, after which The BISHOP s^d-^n behalf of LadyEdith, I say, fai the faith of Jesus Christ, ire, place .. :thls foundation-stone, in the name of God the : Fagier; God flie Son, and God the Holy Ghost v . The 'concluding portion;of the service was V than'proceeded with. The ' hymns and' the re -c ?','? Bponseis 5were«mghy an efficient choir, Mr. W. ~ . . ^ahet presiding at the harmonium. * . ~y. '.;ThiB Bishop delivered a short address, charac „ terised by liberality of sentiment. In jfche course ' : ..of hjs -remarks he said it was the -happiness of * the era in. which they lived that men were per mitted to; worship God according to 'the truth iri which they believed in their consciences, and , aocoDtUngto the forms which they /cpnBidered best^ .Spiritual liberty, was of great importance, ;-.,. anS dearly to be prized ; andtheyiad evidence of 1Mb liberty in the' fact that/fche hind upon which they were going to build the church was presented to them byagentlemahbf Presbyterian parentage— one who manifested.his. attachment \- . jfetbe30b.nrch.of his forefathersby being iden- . Jdiied.wifli, it— he. referred to .Mr. 'McLean. .' After pointing out how desirable it was that ','' the., -various sections of the ~ Christian , ChurchLjBhould work' harmoniously together— ' to aocwnplish which it was ;ri6cesBary they should entertain charitable views respecting, ©ach other— he observed that he rejoiced, after/ . ^e many ^difficulties which liadbeehoyercome, in taking part in the ceremony, of laying the , . foundation-stone of that temple,' in -which they / would meet to worship urthe wrayjthey, las . '? ; members pfthe Church of England, were aocus \- tonied to 'do.,t:He trusted 'that God's blessing would -continue to rest iipdn the 'nndertaking MtjkiVShe top stone would be'bro'aght forth with : shouting ; and that the ministrations there would receive/fljfe blessing. On behalf of the ' office-bearers ofrtjie chttr ch, he tendfered their, warmest thanksto Lady Edith f6r her kind-, ness. In «beakucfe of the Scoteh -residents in the neighbbrhbbd, he remarked that iJie people ' of Norft Britain were a credit to IQie country from which 'they Bprang, and mentioned that one of the Trustees of the church {Dr. Fer guson, I)ean ; Bus^elL 'ami their, Governor, came from :: 'the' TJorai ??'.of '-the/ Twepd. He commented' upon the Scotch as being a virtuous and. very persevering race— hence they found Scotia's sons occupying the foremost positions throughout society. (C!heers.) ; The Ds a&' congratulated the ' ? people upon what had just been done. It was no w 14 years since he came tip from Adelaide; and held ser vice in ifee little old Primitive Methodist . '. Chapsl.' ' Sipce then services had been held in various pjMes, and many times it seemed that the work would have to be abandoned; but he. was very glad that they hai not done bo* . seeing thai they had now a flourishing cause there. He -advised charity towards all Chris tians ; and frayed that the Almighty's blessing . might rest upon the work they were then com momnjDc* ? ~ : - , A collection was here made, realising £23 3s. 8d.' This was followed by the singing of a ,,/hymn, when, the^ proceedings were, .terminated by ihe benedibtion being pronounced. ; . At. half -past 4 o'clock a tea meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, which was attended by about a hundred .persons. \- Later in the ' evening the Bishop baptised several persons in the Courfc-House, and preached an adnurable1 discourse 'from 11th, 12 th, and-13th verees of the 2nd chapter of .Titos. His Lordship., was assisted, in. the ser vice by the Beva. E. Brown, C. G. Taplin, and W. A. Clayfield. The proceeds of the tea and the after service, brought the total amount re ceived up to £32 2s. 