THE SHAD WELLS OF RAJBY CaiPiEB LXXXL— Make at Atflebbbv. So the apple-leaf grew yellow, and the hawthorn-tree w«s brown at Baby, October had arrived, and at no season of the year does that melancholy old place, -with its fine forest vistas, audits vast Btretah of wooded hill, look soerand. In this becoming costume did Captain Clayton, on hii arrival at his inn, in the pretty little town, find the ancient seat of Baby; and if he has been blessed witb a sense of the picturesque, one might have supposed that he had made his arrangements — and it would have been well worth his while — 90 as to make his visit at that sad and glorious crisis in the forest world, when decayand maturity — its slory and death— are blended with a funeral splendour. Clayton went up at once, and paid his respects at the great house. When Mark returned from the Mills, he found him established in the drawing-room. 'You've promised to came to us, mind, just as you did last time — every day to luncheon, and to stay to dinner,' urged Mark, hospitably; and only too happy was Clayton to accept the frank invitation, He had a good deal to tell about people whom, or, at all events their fathers, or mothers, or uncles or aunts, Mark had known long ago. And though his manner of relating was not particularly brilliant, yst the stories were more or less amusing, and afforded him glimpses into a world that had been closed for him for ever 80 many years. But Bachel's name he never once men tioned. When a silence came, as they sat together by the spluttering wood-fire, Mark sometimes stole a glance at his handsome, apathetic face, as his large azure eyf ? gazed indolently on the burning logs, and the linger ie smile left by bis last story still showed the edges of his even teeth. But the long expected reintroduc tion of the subject on which he desired to hear him, came net ' He seems to think nil quite at on end, and I can't blame him,' said Mark peevishly. ' I'm certain,' answered his wife, cheerily, ' that he does not think we think so.' ' I don't see how that affects the case, except in mak ing us appear excessively absurd.' ?' So it would, if Captain Clayton were a different sort of person. But he would not wish us to think he has behaved ill, and you may depend upon it, he will speak to you.' ' But I don't say that he's obliged to say any more about it 'Why should he?' ' It was a great pity.' 'What;' said he. ' Poor Rachel sacrifices herself to vex you,' said Agnes with a shrng. ' You're going to Applebiuy, to day, ain't you?' ' Yes. I can't be here for luncheon ; tell Clayton so, when he comes. Kachel's a fool— a greater fool than she thinks, as she will find-by-and-by.' 'I don't blame her for hating me,' saifl Sirs. Shadwell, 'although I have never been anything but kind to her, according to my poor opportunities. But she ought not to speak of you— her father as she does.'' 'Oh! of course, she hates me! Every miss who fancies she is to rule her father's house and him self, by Jove ! hates him, as a matter of course, if he marries, 'said Mark, attesting to think nothing of it. ' Yes, but I don't ti ink the Temples should eric-mage that kind of thing. Even before servants, she -ud they talk us over — you particularly.' ' Well, I'm going to Appleburv now, and I shan't he back till near dinner time, and 1 don't care a farthing what they say.' And with this magnanimous speech, looking never theless very much annoyed, as she could see by every line of Ms face, ho took his departure. Applebury is a cheerful, quaint little place, as I have said, with an antique cozinesa and a wonderful variety of aspect within so small a compass. But of all places on earth, except one, Applebury was to Mark Shad well the most repulsive. What was he to do, however, when people, whom he wauted to see, fixed that spot, — the most convenient half-way trysting place — fora meeting. I shan't trouble any one with the particulars of the business that brought Mark here. It was an anxious one. W»« attorney from Kaby was here to aid him ivith advice and documents, Mark hated business as much as every rational inan, who has nothing to gain by it does. Beside, in his case, it too generally meant danger. He had sat up late the night before, over it, and had been wakeful and feverish by reason of it, almost till day broke. It was past six o'clock that evening, when Agnes received a uote from him in these terms— ' Applebury, 4 o'clock. ' BIv OUTf BEAUTIFCL LtTTLE WITCH, — Pity your poor old fellow shut up in this vile little towu. A telegram says that the people from London -won't be here till next trail!, six' o'clock. I can't be home till eight or nine, at soonest : awkward, isn't it ? Make my apolo gies to Clayton. I had no notion such an awkward delay could happen ; but I shall break away from my tormentors as eaily as possible. Already my life darkens — my star of Bethlehem shines too far away. I did not know how much every hour of my life depended en my enchantress. For the world I would not have left you alone ; but here I am on compulsion. Looking for light, I remain here ; in exile, still the ?aptive of my beautiful witch. ' r,S.— I shan't be home till nine.' This was a sufficient ardent love-letter from a fellow of Mark Shadwell's years ; and what is more, in great measure genuine ; which is more than can be said for all such performances. It might not have been quite so loci;, however, if Mark had not found his young wife a little exacting, as brides are, at least, while they con tinue to be in love with their husbands ! and also there was this. Agnes was a precisian in her ideas of what she owed to prudence. She worried him sometime with scruples, and compelled him to go to places with her where he thought that she might perfectly well have goue alone. These little exactions vexed him sometimes ; but, on the whole, it was a fault on the side of the virtues, and pleased him. So he wisely cultivated tnese nun-iiKe ideas, ana laia more stress on his regret for his absence from dinner than he thought the accident quite deserved. Another disappointment awaited him. By the six o'clock train so one arrived for him ; but, half an hour after, another telegram told of an unavoidable delay in London, and the postponement of the meeting until next day. It was dark now. Across the market-square of Apple bury you could not distinguish any longer windows or doors, except where candle or fire-light shone through them. You could only see the gables against the, as yet, moonlight sky, like the shoulders of gigantic sen tries. The sounds of the little town had died out ; Mark was peevish, hungry, and tired. His attorney had taken his leave, and ridden home to Kaby half an hour ago. While the good people of the inn were get ting ready a berfsteak for the exhausted squire, he, with his feet on the fender, fell into a nap, troubled, after awhile, by aconf used and ugly dream. He fancied himself in a strange room ; how he came there he could not remember ; and, with the anticipa tion of danger which sometimes overpowers one in a dream, be was listening to a heavy tread, approaching on the lobby, and under which the floor on which he stood trembled. While he listened in suspense from the farther end of the room, on a sudden, the voice of Camel Sherlock scared bin, crying, 'Beware, sir, it's the beak.' At the same time the door seemed to open, and a huge gaunt figure, with a black crape over his face, and a parchment process in his hand, entered. At his elbow was Sir Eoke Wycherly, with a whi te malignant face, peering by his side, and with a long hand, the fingers of which- were grimed with old blood stains, extended Howard Mark— he continued crying, ' To-night's your time ! you have the warrant, there's your man.' The big-boned figure, in the black mask, was close to him, and Mark, in his agony, seized a knife; it was the dagger of fioke Wycherly — an image always present to his eye— which seemed to lie on tlie table before him. The room and its belongings wore growing like the fatal room at Haby. But it seemed to him that his efforts to defend liiinselfjwero frustrated by his young wife, who from behind clung wildly about his arms, screaming with a terrifying laugh in his uar, 'The knife, Mark, defend yourself !— the knife— or hell have you !' At the same time a dreadful roar of waters was drowning all the voices, :uid the room seemed to topple and roll like a sinking ship. And with a struggle, like strangulation, he suddenly awoke with a cry of ' God !' repeated fearfully. For awhile he did not know where he was ; he had sprung to his feat. The roar and darkness of the sink ing room were still in his ears and eves, and fuo dis tinguished nothing. Even after all this had vanished, the sense of danger remained, and he listened breathlessly, wondering whether those accursed London fellows could ^ave sent down a bailiff after alL Mark, like other avowed sceptics, had a strong vein of superstition. One way or another, the instinct of belief in the unseen will assert itself. Out to the inn door -walked Mark, to shake off the lingering images of his evil dream, and to allow its influence to exhale in the free night air. An under-current of his thought had been busy for half the day with his own possible arrest, and he still held, crumpled between his finger and thumb, one of those reminders printed on a little square of paper, which good men drop about, on the chance that one seed in a thousand way strike root. He had picked it up on the chimney-piece of the inn room, and in the act of reading the words, so early heard, and so accustomed that their very meaning seems, like an aroma too long exposed to the air, to have quite ex haled and spent itself; and we have but a residuum of sound. 'But know this, that if the good man of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up.' So his dream was accounted for ; and Mark, some what better, returned at the summons of the waiter, to partake of his good cheer. But as he- rode home, this dream, in spite of his reason, depressu.l his spirits with an ever-recurring sense of having witnessed, in reality, something dreadful ; and his mind, every now and then, was busy with the fanciful problem— which he affected to despise — did this dream reflect, as it were, nome event still approaching ? When he reached the gate of Baby, he was glad. The sombre outlines of the great house, and the towering trees which surrounded it, as a rule, gladdened few people, and him least of alL But he called up the iniaj?e of the fire-side and the lighted drawing-room, and his beautiful wife, no doubt, uncomfortable, by reason of his protracted stay. ''Yes, the.pretty little fool, she'll be glad to see me. She don't know what to think; and Clayton—will Clay ton be still here?' He rather wished he might. He shouldn't mind a game of ecarU, or even a homely rubber of backgammon. And as thesecheerful fancies crossed his mind, a thought struck him. Should be play them a little trick, and knock at the drawing-room window ? So letting his sober horse find his way to the stables as best he might, he dismounted aud walked round the side of the house, and on the grass, under the windows, at the back, till he reached those of the drawing-room, through the blinds of which he could see the glow transmitted from tbeiiinerKght. ChaptebLXXII.— A Stoesi. This drawing-room had three windows; a larger and drearier room beyond it was disused. The window ?blind did not quite cover the lower end of the glass, aud Hark stood and peeped in. His mood was in stantly and sternly changed. Clayton and his wife were standing beside a cabinet, very near the window. He was talking, holding her hand in his, and she looking down, her checks dyed with a brilliant bluBh. Could it be that they were talking of Eachel ? No, it was the hope and agony of an instant. There is no mistaking the gaze of a lover who looks upon the object of his passion. With such eyes, Clayton, speaking low and earnestly, leaning over her, gazed ; and, as if to preclude all doubt, stooping still nearer, he passionately kissed her unresisting lips. If Mark's fury had been one degree under its acme, he would have dashed in the window, and, with his lacerated hands and ghastly face, have confronted his betrayer. He drew back, staring at the dull light of thebfind that now interposed. But the picture was not 111 tiie room, but in bis eyes. Backward he stepped and waited — and waited still — trying to understand and feel the whole of his appalling position. Freezing and stupefied, he saw the black image of the great old house stand up before and above him. All its hateful aud dreadful associations were vaguely gathered iu its shadow. He had dreamed of despair— talked of despair — fancied that he was intimate with despair for years. He had now, for the first time, met that tremendous stranger. Some one approached the window ; he saw the shadow on the blind and he gHded away into the dark, like a ghost, and was hid, Clayton raised it and looked out for % few moments, dropped it and returned. For a long time Mark stood where ho was ; at last he was seized with a violent shivering. It was a crisis in his catalepsy. A dull dead light was breaking on his mind, and he began to walk swiftly away. It was a mild night, and yet he was pierced and shuddering with cold. Walking among the trees as fast as he could stride, he felt better, and the dreadful, rigor sub sided. The one idea present to his mind was his revenge. Immense it must be, orderly and complete. His mind must be clear. He must see, quite, how the land lay. He must do nothing handover-head. It must be a comprehensive and methodical revenge. But some thing he must be doing. To be quite inactive was to go mad. He was now near the gate that opened on the silent highway, and the sight of the road to the little town of Haby suggested his first measure. The distance was trifling. He was now in the street of the quiet little town he had so recently trotted briskly through. It was still early, not nine o'clock. Lights were shining from the drawing-room windows of his attorney, Mr. Twinley. He knocked— sent up his message ; and in a few moments more was seated ill that gentleman's office. Tiie attorney, as he set the candles on the table, eyed him with a shiewd and grim scrutiny. Ho suspected some disaster. He feared the bailiff in charge of his person might be at that moment, keeping ward in the hall ; for Mark's face looked as if he had stolen from his bed in the crisis of a fever, 'Nothing from London — since— sir?' hesitated the attorney, seeing that Mark did not accost him. He had left him only two hours ago at Applebury. 'No. You have that draft-deed in favour of my wife ready f ' 'Yes, sir — and—' 'And engrossed?' 'Engrossed? Yes, sir, but—' ' Put it on the table, please,' said Mark 'Certainly, sir ; but will you permit' me only oae word ?' 'Do as I tell you, sir,' said Mark, sternly ; ' we can talk afterward.' 'Certainly, sir,' said the attorney, a little high and huffed ; and getting on a chair, he took down from shelves well stored with others like it, a mahogany coloured tin box, with 'M. Shadwcll. Esq. Kaby' in large yellow letters on the front ; and drawing forth the deed, placed it before Mark, who opened the milk white parchment folds, and displnyed that handsome piece of engrossing with its blue stamps and silver foil, ready at the touch of his pen to become fixed and inflexible as those chemical fluids which solidify at the turning of a stopper. 'You can get a couple of witnesses — ' 'Well, I — ' The attorney looked at his watch. 'Oh! yes,' interrupted Mark, fiercely. 'Of course you can— and — I'm not going to sign the thing ;' and lie pushed die deed with the back of his hand a little from him. ' I've changed my mind, and I want you to draw the shortest will you can, leaving everything I possess, without exception, to my daughter. I've made up my mind to-night, and she shall hare it rather than a— a stranger.' By this time Mark's mind was clear, and. his hand steady, these words to which the date was prefixed: — 'Having changed my mind this evening, I do not intend to execute this deed, and have countermanded my instructions, with the intention of dealing different with my property in my wilL — M. Shadwell.' (to be continued.) 