OLD LADIES. [From the Saturday Review, Nov. 17.] The world is notoriously unjust to its veterans, and above all it is unjust to its ancient females. Everywhere, and from all time, an old woman has been taken to express the last stage of uselessness and exhaustion ; and while a meeting of bearded dotards goes by the name of a counsel of sages, and its deliberations are respected accordingly, a congregation of palsied matrons is nothing but a congregation of old women, whose thoughts and opinions on any subject whatsoever have no more value than the chattering of so many magpies. In fact the poor old ladies have a hard time of it ; and if we look at it in its right light, perhaps nothing proved more thoroughly the coarse davour(?) of the world's' esteem res- pecting women than this disdain which they excite when they are old. And yet what charming old ladies one has known at times — women quite as charming in their own way at seventy as their grand-daughters are at seventeen, and all the more so because they have no design now to be charming, because they have given up the attempt to please for the reaction of praise, and long since have consented to become physically old, though they have never drifted into unpersonableness or neglect. While retaining the intellectual vivacity and active sympathies of maturity, they have added the softness, the mellowness, the tempering got only from experience and advancing age ; they are women who have seen and known and read a good deal, and who have suffered much, but whose sorrows have neither hardened nor soured them — rather have made them even more sympathetic with the sorrow of others, and pitiful for all the young. They have lived through and lived down all their own trials and have come out into peace on the other side ; but they remember the trials of the fiery passage, and they feel for those who have still to bear the pressure of the pain they have overcome. These are women not much met with in society ; they are of the kind which mostly stays at home and lets the world come to them. They have done with the hurry and glitter of life, and they no longer care to carry their grey hairs abroad ; they retain their hold on the affections of their kind, they take an interest in the history, the science, the progress of the day, but they rest tranquil and content by their own fireside, and they sit to receive, but do not go out to gather. The fashionable old lady who haunts the theatres and drawing rooms, bewigged, befrizzled, painted, ghastly in her vain attempts to appear young, hideous in her frenzied clutch at the pleasures melting from her grasp, desperate in her wild hold on a life that is passing away from her so rapidly, knows nothing of the quiet dignity and happiness of her ancient sister who has been wise enough to renounce before she lost. In her own house, where gather a small knot of men of mind and women of character, where the young bring their perplexities and the mature their deeper thoughts, the dear old lady of ripe experience and loving sympathies and cultivated intellect holds a better court than is known to any of those miserable old creatures who prowl about the gay places of the world, and wrestle with the young for their crowns and garlands — those wretched simulaters of womanhood who will not grow old and who cannot become wise. She is the best kind of old lady extant, answering to the matron of classic times — to the Mother in Israel before whom the tribes made obeisance in token of respect ; the woman whose book of life has been well studied and closely read, and kept clean in all its pages. She has been no prude, however, and no mere idealist. She must have been wife, mother, and widow ; that is, she must have known many things of joy and grief, and have had the fountains of life unsealed. However wise and good she may be, as a spinster she has had only half a life ; and it is the best half which has been denied her. How can she tell others, when they come to her in their troubles, how time and a healthy will have wrought, with her, if she has never passed through the same circumstances. Theoretic comfort is all very well, but one word of experience goes beyond volumes of counsel based on general principles and a lively imagination. One type of old lady, growing yearly scarcer, is the old lady of Radical political tendencies based on the doctrines of Voltaire and Paine's Rights of Man— the old lady who remembers Hunt and Thistlewood and the Birmingham riots who talks of the French revolution as if it was yesterday, and who has heard so often of the Poteus mob from poor papa that one wuuld think she had assisted at the hanging herself. She is an infinitely old woman, for the most part bird like, chirrupy, and wonderfully alive. She has never gone beyond her early teaching, but is a fossil Radical of the old school and she thinks the Gods departed when Hunt and his set died out. She is an irreligious old creature, and scoffs with more cleverness than grace at everything new or earnest ; she wonld as lief see Romanism rampant at once as this new-fangled mummery they call Ritualism ; and Romanism is her version of the unchaining of Satan. As for science — well, it is all very wonderful, but more wonderful she thinks than true ; and she cannot quite make up her mind about the spectroscope or the protoplasm. Of the two, the protoplasm commends itself most to her imagination, for private reasons of her own connected with the Pentateuch : but these things are not so much in her way as Voltaire and Diderot, Volney and Tom Paine, and she is content to abide by her ancient loves, and to leave the leaping poles of science to younger and stronger hands. Aud this type of old lady is for the most part an ancient spinster, whose life has worn itself away in the arid deserts of mental doubt and emotional nega- tion. If she ever loved it was in secret, some thin- lipped embodied idea long years ago ; but most likely she did not get even to this unsatisfactory length, but contented herself with books and discussions only. If she has ever honestly loved and been loved, perhaps she would have gone beyond doubt, and have learned something holier than a scoff. The old lady of strong instinctive affections, who never reflects and never attempts to restrain her kindly weaknesses, stands at the other end of the scale. She is the grandmother par excellence, and spends her life in spoiling the little ones, cramming them with sugar plums aud rich cake whenever she has the chance, and nullifying mamma's punishments by surreptitious gifts and goodies. She is the dearly beloved of our childish recollections, and to the last days if our life we cherish the remembrance of the kind old lady with her beaming smile, taking out of her large black riticule, or the more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, wonderful little screws of paper, which her withered hands thrust into our chubby fists ; but we can understand now what an awful nuisance she must have been to the authorities and how impossible she made it to preserve anything like discipline and the terrors of the domestic law in the family. The old lady who remains a mere child to the end, who looks very much like a faded old wax doll with her scanty hair blown out into transparent ringlets, and her jaunty cap bedecked with flowers and gay-coloured bows, who cannot rise into dignity or true woman- liness, who knows nothing, can give no advice, has no sentinment of projection but on the contrary demands all sorts of care and pro- tection for herself— she, simpering and giggling as if she were fifieen, is by no means an old lady of the finest type. But she is better than the leering old lady who says coarse things and who, like Beranger's immortal creation, passes ber time in regretting her plump arms and her well turned ankle, and the lost time that can never be recalled, and who is alto- gether a most unedifying old person, and by no means nice company for the young. Then there is the irascible old lady who rates her servants, and is free with full flavoured epithets against sluts in general ; who is like a tigress over her last unmarried daughter, and, when crippled and disabled, still insists on keeping the keys, which she delivers up when wanted only with a snarl and a suspicious caution. She has been one of the race of active house- keepers, and has prided herself on her excep- tional ability that way for so long that she cannot bear to give up, even when she can no longer do any good ; so she sits in her easy chair, like old Pope and Pagan in Pilgrim's Progress, and gnaws her fingers at the younger world which passes her by. She is an indiction(?) to her daughter for all the years of her life, and to the last keeps her in leading-strings tied up as tight us the sinewy old hands can knot them; treating her always as an irres- ponsible young thing that needs both guidance and control, though the girl has passed into the middle aged woman by now — a poor spiritless thing, that has failed before she has fully bloomed and dies like a fruit that has dropped from the tree before it has ripened. Twin sister to this kind is the grim female become ancient ; the gaunt old lady with a stiff backbone, who sits upwright, and walks with a firm tread like a man ; a leathery old lady, who despises all your weak slips of girls that have nerves and headaches and cannot walk their paltry mile without fatigue ; a dessicated old lady, large boned and lean, without an ounce of superfluous fat about her, with keen eyes yet, with which she boasts that she can thread a needle and read small print by candlelight ; an indestructible old lady, who looks as if nothing short of an earthquake would put an end to her. The friend of her youth is now a stout, soft, helpless old lady, much bedraped in woollen shawls, given to frequent sippings of brandy and water, and ensconced in the chimney corner like a huge clay figure set to dry. For her the indestruc- tible old lady has the supremest contempt, heightened in intensity by a vivid remembrance of the time when they were friends and rivals. Ah, poor Laura, she says, straightening herself; she was always a poor creature, and see what she is now ! To those who wait long enough the wheel always comes around, she thinks ; and the days when Laura bore away the (?)ell from her for grace and sweetness and loveable- ness generally are avenged now, when the one is a mere mollusc and the other has a service- able backbone that will last for many a year yet. Then there is the musical old lady, who is fond of playing small anonymous pieces of a jiggy character, full of queer turns and shakes, music that seems all written in demi- semi-quavers and that she gives in a tripping, catching way, as if the keys of the piano were hot. Sometimes she will sing, as a great favour, old world songs that are almost pathetic for the thin and broken voice that chirrups out the sentiment with which they abound ; and sometimes as a still greater favour, she will stand up in the dance and do the poor uncertain ghosts of what were once steps in the days when dancing was dancing, and not the graceless lounge it is now. But her dancing days are over, she says, after half a- dozen turns ; though indeed, sometimes she takes a frisky fit, and pays for it the next day. The very dress of old ladies is in itself a study and a revelation of character. There are the beautiful old women who make them- selves like old pictures by a profusion of soft lace aud tender greys ; and the stately old ladies who affect rich rustling silks and sombre velvets; and there are the original and individual old ladies, who dress themselves after their own kind, like Mrs. Basil Montague and Miss Jane Porter, and have a cachet of their own, with which fashion has nothing to do. And there are the old women who wear rusty black studs and ugly helmet like caps ; and those who affect uniformity and going with the stream, when the fashion has become national ; and these have been much exercised of late with the chignons and the new bonnets. But Providence is liberal, and milliners are fertile in resources. In fact, in this as in all other sections of humanity, there are those who are beautiful and wise, and those who are foolish and unlovely ; those who make the best of things as they are, and those who make the worst, by treating them as something they are not; those who extract honey, and those who bud(?) only poison. For in old age as in youth, are to be found beauty, use, grace and value but in different aspects and on another platform altogether; and the folly is when this difference is not allowed for, or when the possibility of these graces is denied and their utility ignored. 