UN PER THE SPELL. CHAPTER X. BY FBEDEBICK WILLIAM HOBINSON. TiHT particular Monday on which Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford shook himself into action and stepped from his lair in defence of his name, there was a dinner party at the Limes- The giver of the feast had nlentv of time to recover his composure—had it ever boon disturbed ?—before the carriages of the guests began to roll along the avenue, and the guests themselves to be received by a smiling, gracious host. The dinner-hour was fixed tor seven that evening, and Lanceford was at home before the'clocks were striking five. Mr. Lanceford made it his business to seek his eldest gon a few minutes after he had stepped into the hall. " Edmund," said the father, entering the room where that young gentleman and his brother Nathan were finishing their readings for the day, and where Willie, to kill time, was keepiug them and Mr. Gurnett company ; " Edmund, I shall want the favour of your company at dinner this evening." Edmund coloured. "Thank you, sir, but I am engaged for this evening." ii Js il.r. -ngagement so particular that my requeci. ..ist l>e at once set aside?" inquired Mr. Lasicefurd. • " Well—I never like to break my word, sir," answered liisson, and "it is rather particular. Besides, to tell yon the truth, sir, lam not very partial to dinnerparties and gentlemen who talk politics and all that bosh —that's the truth of it." "Your father's wish stands for nothing then ?" inquired Mr. Lanceford. " A desire to soe his eon at his table, taking his place in society, and playing his part therein, is not worth your consideration ? " Yes, sir, but " " I have urged on you my request," interrupted the sire, " but I am not anxious for your arguments wherefore it should be set aside. I leave it to your good sense and good feeling." He was withdrawing from the room when a thought made him pause at the open door and Inuk towards Nathan and Willie. " You, young gentlemen, are too young to take up room at the dinner-table; but you may come if you lik ." "0! no thank you," cried Nathan, with a shiver. "But I shall expect you in the drawingroom after dinner; " and Mr. Lanceford dosed the door behind him, and shut in further objections. " Well, I must say you have all shewn yourselves particularly thankful for your father's invitation," remarked Mr. Gurnett ; "you appear forgetful that Mr. Lanceford pays you a great compliment by placing you on an equality with his guests." "Are you invited, Mr. Gurnett?" asked Edmund. "Yes, sir, lam." "Ah! I didn't know; you were not looking particularly delighted yourself— that's what made me doubt it. I say ? " " Well, sir." "Are we going to have much more of this Cicero?—it's past five, I can tell you!" So late as that! dear me! " " And I wanted to be off at four—0! confound this cramming 1" Bang went Cicero on the desk, and Mr. Gurnett, who had just drawn his watch from his pocket, gave a nervous jump, and nearly dropped it. "Good-day, sir—good-day," cried Edmund. " But, Mr. Edmund—surely you will not think of leaving this evening ? " " But, Mr. Gurnett, you wouldn't have me break my word ? " " ' Honour your father,' sir," quoted the tutor. "All right; I know all'about that," was the reply.; " and I could give you as good a text as you send, only I haven't a bible handy, and shouldn't be able to find the place if I had. It's a warning to promisebreakers, though." "Well," said Mr. Gurnett, hesitating, "if your engagement be important " It is very important." Then go and tell Mr. Lanceford so." " I shan't do anything of the kind," said Edmund, bluntly. "1711 try and return early, instead. Tell them to keep the eoup on the dining-room hob till I come back—in a tin mug, if there's one handy. Good-even- JDg, sir." " Are you going, now ? " "Off 1 i It a a shot, sir; good-by, Willie." " Good-by—good lock! " he added, in a lower tone. "Thank'ee—sure of that, my lad." "Good-by, Ned," quietly observed Nathan, as Edmund was milking hiB exit. "0! didn't I bid you good-by? Well, au revoir, Foxy;" and with a merry laugh, Edmund Lanceford departed. Willie sat in a thoughtful position after his halfbrother had gone. He had been anxious for five minutes' confidential interview with him; but everything had been against him. Edmund Lanceford had been with the gamekeeper all the morning, aud had appeared for the first time at two o'clock, in the room where Mr. Gurnett was accustomed to superintend his studies. Willie had reserved the particulars of yesterday's events till the evening; and now, before the evening was come, Edmund was off again! Willie dressed for the drawing-room in depressed state of mind, and looked in a melancholy—even an accusatoiy—manner at himself in the looking-glass, as he tied the bow of his little white neckerchief. Nathan called for him at half-past eight; it was a terrible bore for him to sneak into a room full of company at that hour in the evening; and as for entering alone, that was out of the question. " Come along, Willie; let's go in together, my man, then I can take care of yon!" Into the great drawing-room went the half-brothers, both blushing with the ingenuousness of youth, as Jemmy, who was on • special duty that evening, threw open the door and bawled out their naineB in a stentoronic manner,' perfectly unnecessary. The great drawing-room was only UBed on especial occasions, and a bright scene it presented that evening, with the holland covers off the chandeliers and furniture; with the wax-lights struggling in opposition against tiie daylight that was slowly giving way and growing-faint; with the windows open that warm evening, and the fair garden grounds lying beyond; with sixteen or twenty richly dressed ladies grouped on chairs and ottotaua, taming over books of ngrarings, or talking of the faults and failings of friends away, or friends by the piano there and out of hearing. " 0 ! here's a pack of women," muttered Nathan; "the gentlemen haven't left their wine yet. I shall go hack." Don't be foolish, Nat." " We shan't get any dessert here—only scalding coffee presently, that'll throw us into a frightful perspiration." "Do leave off whispering, and be a man. Look at me now," with a bow to a fat old dowager in a brocade of blue and silver ; " how do you do, mum ? " " Mum! " cried Nathan, with a gurgling in his throat that was meant for suppressed merriment, "0, hark at Willie!" The ladies received the Masters Lanceford with enthusiasm, and overwhelmed them with questions about their studies and amusements—when Nathan was going to college, and whether • he thought he should like it much ?—whether Master Willie was fond of his pony, and what was Willie's age, and whether he did not think himself a big boy for thirteen and a half? Willie, though he did not say so, thought himBelf quite a man at that age, and was excessively annoyed at the fat old lady in brocade keeping a tight hold of his hand, and patting it in a flabby manner. He was glad when the gentlemen began to straggle in and divert attention from himself and Nathan—when the room was full of company, and he had put a good five yards and a grand piano between himself and that horrid old woman in blue and silver. Mr. Lanceford tapped him on the shoulder when he was sleepily listening to a brilliant piece of Thalberg's, unfortunately not played in a brilliant manner. "Whereis Edmund?" I—I don't know, papa." Did he go out on horseback? " " Yob—I believe bo." "Ah! he will soon be back then," said Mr. Lanceford. "I—I hope you ere not offended with him, papa ? " asked Willie. ' What reason have I to be offended with him ? " rejoined Mr. Lanceford, as he moved away. Willie looked anxiously into his father's face, and was pleased to see that there was no expression of anger thereon; on the contrary, it was a countenance expressive of much satisfaction with himself and the company, as it was turned towards two ladies who sat together on a couch, and with whom he stopped to converse a moment. Willie brightened up after this slight dialogue with liis father, and set himself to make the best of that evening. He even enjoyed the scalding coffee, and slipped rather a large handful of biscuits into his pocket when the footman brought the plate round. The coffee reminded him of Nathan, and he looked towards the window- curtains, behind* which that modest youth was last seen to conceal himBelf. Nathan was gone. Willie was of an inquiring disposition, and inclined to be fidgety. Nathan's disappearance troubled him. What had become of him ?—was he in the garden, or had he flown to his room? would his father miss him, and be angry?—wouldn't it be better for Nathan to return and sit the party out like a man ? Willie watched his opportunity, and sidled from the room. Outside, be came in contact with Jemmy Dornton, who was advancing to the drawing-room with a fresh supply of coffee. "Ah! Jemmy, how smart we are tonight." "Yes, Master Willtyn Ernest, we be," observed Jemmy, in a sepulchral tone. "Is—is anything the matter with Nathan ? " asked Willie. No, there bean't." " Have you seen him, Jemmy—is he in the dining-room ? " "No, he bean't there—for the Lord's sake doan't go in the dining-room, juBt now." Why not ? " " Well, I wouldn't if I WOT you— I rea wouldn't. Master Nathan be gone up stairs —you are sure to foind him." Jemmy passed on, and Willie, rather bewildered, ran up stairs to Nathan's room, the door of which he found secured. '" Who'B there ? " cried Nathan, from the inside. It's I, Willie. What are you doing ? " " Going to bed, that's what I'm doing," esponded Nathan, unlocking the door and utting his head out; " I have had enough f that stuff in the drawing-room, and I'm d ot coming down again for anybody." ff " Have you been in the dining-room, at?" No; what should I go there for ? " W " Nothing—good-night." "Good-night, Willie." t Willie went down stairs again, and on the o arge mat at the stairs' foot stood and conidered Jemmy Dornton's warning. What d as in the dining-room to frighten him ? It ouldn't be a ghost, and if it were a ghost, t e wasn't going to be frightened at it. Peraps all the guests had not given over wine- h ibbing yet, and were swearing a little, and c elling naughty stories over their third botle. Well, there was a great deal of swearng on the sly at his school, and the head b " oys knew most of the naughty stories in I ashion—that wouldn't alarm him either. he door was ajar he could see from his poition—he'd just peep through, the crack; w k hat wasn't inquisitive, at all events. c Willie stole softly in his patent leather hoes towards the fining-room, and peeped a hrough the crack of the door—only peeped, s he had promised himBelf. n Why, there was nobody there that be d ould see, unlesB they were under the table, ge r out of visual range in one or two chairs y the door. He listened ; not a sound from t ithin—why, Jemmy must have been havng a bit of fun with him! Wiliie boldly htia ntered the' room—smothered a little cry, nd then stood stupefied. Close'at his elbow, in the first seat against lie door, sat Edmund Lanceford, dressed as l e had seen him in the schoolroom a few lw— ours before. His arms were flung upon he table, amidst a wreck of decanters, halfmpty wine-glasses, and dessert-plates, and o is bead was buried close within his armB. " What, Ned, old fellow, is this you ? " - Could it be the Ned Lanceford whom he ad seen last with so bright a face, who bad f one away rejoicing with so light a heart? r e could hardly believe it, though he could wb wear to that curly head on which his hand as resting. "Ned, Ned—what's the matter—won't d on speak?" Ned slowly raised his head, leaned back, and looked at his half-brother with two red, dizzy eyes. " What's all this noise about ? " he asked abruptly. Don't you feel well, Ned ?" " Well !—I was never better in my life. What," with a short laugh, " is to affect me?" " 0! Ned, Ned, I am sure something has gone wrong. I shouldn't have found you here sitting like this alone if some sorrow or disappointment had not fallen on you." "Don't bother!" Ned Lanceford stretched forth a hand towards the decanter, filled the wine-glass, and drank off the contents. " I am here in time for the wine, you see, Willie—precious lucky the butler had not cleared away." " I wouldn't drink any more, if I were you," remarked Willie, wistfully regarding the glass which Edmund was filling again. "Why not, sir—why not?" demanded Edmund Lanceford. . Willie Lanceford reddened.somewhat, but he stood his ground. " Because I think you have drunk too much already." " It's a lie." "Thank you." '" And if it's truth, I shall continue to drink, William Ernest," cried Edmund— "drink's good for my complaint—and the man who touches the decanter goes down like a shot." " Won't you go upstairs, Edmund ? " "No." "Papa may come in directly," delicately hinted Willie. The decanter which Edmund Lanceford raised came down with a crash upon the table, slit a corner off a dessert-plate, and set the glasses wildly jingling. Willie started back, but more at the dark face of his half- brother than at the noise made by the decanter's descent. " Don't hold him up as a threat to me ! " cried Edmund, "I have had enough of him to-day to last a lifetime! In a lifetime I shall not forget liim or—forgive him! " Ned, Ned, remember ! " " Had he acted like a man I could forgive him ; had lie stood hefore me and cried * no to all your wishes—I take the side against you, and will fight you to the death,' I would have been content. But to fight in the dark, in the dark ! " ' Edmund began hammering the table with the decanter again, and glaring at Willie Lanceford with bis bloodshot eyes. " What right has he to step between me and all I care for in the world ?—to snatch my happiness away, and set his foot upon it? " continued Edmund, in tlie same fierce tone; " does he know what is so much the best for me? Is he to say, 'take this woman for your wife, and cast that one away,'—ho whose wives have been a curse to him?" "Hush, hush; you must hush, Edmund!" " I'll never forgive him," said Edmund, in a voice less energetic; " as sure as I pour this glaBB of wine out, I'll never forgive him, Willie. And I will not give in—will not give her up to soothe a cursed pride that never did anything but harm." "Good health! " " Yofi'U go upstairs now, Ned ? " "Have you any I'argent about you, William Ernest Lanceford, Esquire ? " " Any what?" "Beady cash—pounds, shillings, and pence—young gentleman." " I have fourteen shillings odd upstairs." "Damn your fourteen shillings!—'do you want to insult a gentleman ? " Go to your room, Ned." " Where's Nathan ? " "Gone to bed." " I wonder whether he has any money— I never catch him spending any,—ah ! he's a close fist, and will keep it all to himself." " What do you want money for ? " asked his brother. lly " Secret, my dear fellah," replied Edmund, in an airy tone, " and have learned the art of keeping my secrets, at last. It's a bad spec, when you can't keep your tongue still. I have found that out, to my COBt!" You don't want any more wine, Ned ?" " You're a boy, and don't know what a man can stand! What the devil are you fig—fig—figged out like this for?" Papa has a party of friends." " Ah! so he has; and here I am not yet. God bless me! how disrespectful to the honoured gueBts of Mr. Lanceford." " You'll not come in to-night ?" cried aB Edmund sprung to hiB feet. " You heard my father give me an invitation. I wouldn't break his heart by disobeying him 1" There was something very sad in the irony of the youth standing by the table and swaying to and fro; something fell dead and heavy to Willie Lanceford's and stopped there. " Poor Ned!" he involuntarily exclaimed. . " Stop that," said his brother, quickly. I don't want any one to pity me. I can my troubles, if I have any! Mind you, don't own them! " Edmund Lanceford went out of the room, close to the wall for support, and' slowly and steadily up the stairs, tenaciously at the banisters. He didn't want a light; he wouldn't have light; he knew the way to his room. " Good night." ' Willie was glad to bear him repeat goodnight. Ned had forgotten about the party in the drawing-room, and would peaceably to hiB bed,'and sleep off the effects of his debauch. Willie listened on stairs several moments, till the door of brother's room was locked; then he hesitated whether be should return to the drawing-room, or imitate his brother's example, and proceed quietly to bed.- He went to his own room, after grave deliberation; undressed by the grey moonlight stealing in through the uncurtained window, crying a little during the operation —for William Ernest had a feeling heart— the wreck of Ned Lanceford's first love. CHAPTER XI. The night stole on; the guests Mr. Lanceford rolled away, one by one, in their carriages ; the wax lights in the drawing-room snuffed out; the window shutters were barred, and some alarm-bells hung to them; Mr. Lanceford retired to test and pleasant It waB nearly twelve o'clock when the last servant vent yawning up Btaire, and Edmund Lanceford rose cautiously from the bed on which he had . flung himself three hours before, and opened noiselessly his door. _ Had that last servant, wearily plodding to his room, been an instant later, and come face to face with that haggard-looking figure gliding along the landing-place, he would have dropped the candlestick he was carrying, and shouted " ghost" his hardest;. for more like a ghost than the youth who had ridden away that afternoon with so light a heart, was Edmund Lanceford that night. He paused at hie brother Nathan's door, and knocked. His step was steady now, although the hand shook a little as he raised it. There was no answer from within, unless a peculiar muttering that waB going on inside, as though Nathan Lanceford were talking madly in his sleep, could be taken for one. This peculiarity struck Edmund, who, after deliberating a while, and finding the muttering continue, tried the handle of the door. The door was unlocked, for Nathan Lanceford, as we have seen, had forgotten to refasten it after his dialogue with Willie, and Edmund opened it and entered. i Full as Edmund was of his troubles, and his projects, he could not help forgetting them for an instant, and regarding the scene before him with amazement. And it was a scene that might have well disturbed the -thoughts of'any one acquainted with the mild habits of Master Nathan Lanceford. Two wax candles were burning on the dressing-table, one on each side of the great looking-glass in the centre, and parading before that glass was a fantastically-dressed figure, with a book in his hand. Certainly, Nathan Lanceford, with a towel round his head, fastened by a brooch in the centre ; with a shawl pinned round him, and trailing at his heels; with a curved scimitar at his side, suspended by his own gold watch-chain, and with a black face and false moustaches ! Nathan Lanceford, quite oblivious to the fact of witnesses, continued marching up and down the room, halting now and then before the looking-glass, and referring, to his book— " It ie the cause, it is the cause, my soul,— Let me not namn it to you, you chaste stars !— It is the cause.—Yet I'll not shed her blood Nor scar that whiter skin of hers than enow, And smooth as monumental alabaeter. Yet 0—o—h, Lo—0—rd, who's that? " And the young Othello, catching eight in the glass of Edmund's pale face over his shoulder, fell back against the bed-post, and broke into a shivering fit. " It is only I, Ned," exclaimed Edmund, coming forward, " what game are you up to here ? " " Shut the door, there's a good fellow," cried Nathan, tearing off his turban, and making Bhort work with his Moorish habiliments, " don't tell Mr. Lanceford—how did you get in here ?—wasn't the door locked ? " "No." " I say, don't laugh too hard when you begin, Ned." " I'm not going to laugh—I'm in no laughing humour." Ned Lanceford not to be in a laughing humour under these extraordinary circumstances was something so remarkable that Nathan stopped in the act of pitching his bundle of properties into a corner, and turned his sooty face towards his brother. " What's the matter ?'" "Nothing," was the moody answer. " Do you mind fastening the door, Ned ? Thank you." Ned came forward, after fulfilling the request of his brother, and took his seat at the bed's foot. Nathan, blushing under his black countenance, put his costume aside, and slipped into hia waiscoat. " I daresay this seems rather," with a faint simper,—" rather funny to you, Edmund ; but the fact is, I thought—I—would just see how I should look as Othello—only a fancy, upon my word. I wonder how I came to think of it myself, now. Of course you won't say anything about it ? " ^ "Not I." " A mere whim—quite a whim," continued Nathan, " and now, Ned, to business. It's no good Baying that nothing is the matter; you wouldn't have taken the trouble to knock me up at this hour, had not something out of the common kept you wakeful." "-Nathan, I'm off to London." *' London !—nonsense." " As I'm a living man, I'm off to London !" affirmed eighteen and a half: Not to-night ? " " No, not to-night," was Edmund's reply; " I'll not creep away like a thief, as if I were afraid of avowing my intention, or ashamed of the object of my departure. I leave to-morrow by an early train." What does papa say to it ? " " I have not told him." "Butyou will?" Yes—to-morrow." " And excuse me, Ned—I'm very glad to Bee you and all that, for it isn't often you are anxiouB for my company; but—but would not an early hour to-morrow have done for your visit? You would not then have caught me in this ridiculous turn out." "Nat Lanceford," said bis brother, "set me down for a selfish fellow, for it's not out of any love for you, or any desire to say good-by, that I have troubled yau tonight." "Oh! is it not?" " I have come to ask you to lend me some money—fifteen or twenty pounds, if you possess so much," said Edmund, gloomily, "that's the only reason for my presence. Keep money in jour purse, Nat, and you'll never be short of friends! " " May I ask if you have any reason for not making your request to Mr. Lanceford?" " Borrow twenty pounds of my father ?— of the man " who " he stopped, and stamped his foot upon the floor; " I'd rather beg my way to London first! " "How is it you haven't saved twenty pounds, Ned, out of your.pocket-money?" "How is it I haven't saved twenty |>ence ? " was the scornful rejoiner. "Is it not likely I may have,had my way of spending money, too, and that- " \- "There, that will do," said Edmund, springing to his feet, " X haven't come here to listen to your reasonB why you cannot or ,will not help me. I had my doubts of your generosity before I knocked at your door. You have never been a brother to me, and I hardly expected to find a brotherly affection flame up in a single night! " "You had your doubts?" repe&ted; Nathan. "To be sure I had." Natlinn Laneefoi-d walked lo his dressingcase on the table, opened a secret drawer, took therefrom some gold and notes, and planed them in his brother's hand. "There, Ned, you need not have mistrusted me." " You intended to lend me this at first ? " said Edmund, retaining Nathan's hand in his firm grasp. "Yes. You would have lent me money, had I wanted it, and it was at your command —even supposing you had not been a brother to me! " " I shall begin to understand you some day, Nat. A thousand thanks, old fellow." "He released his brother's hand and glanced at the notes. " Twenty—thirty pounds, and the gold," he said, "I shall not require all this, Nat." "You may—and I have no expenses before me." "But, but " "I shall not take it back," said Nathan, drawing himself up and looking a very proud young backamoor. "But, I mayn't be able to pay you half this until I'm twenty-one. Oh! if I were only one and twenty now ! " exclaimed he. "You are not exactly the Ned Lanceford of yesterday," said Nathan, eyeing him closely ; " something has upset you, and left you wild and reckless. Take my advice, and have a few hours' sleep." "Only one-and-twenty now!" repeated Edmund, " to be master of~ my property and have no one to thwart me in my wishes; to show the world that I am not the weak, headstrong, fickle fool it thinks me! " " Has the world thouerht anything of the kind? " quietly asked Nathan. "The man who rules my world, and seeks to mar it, thinks so—Mr. Lanceford of the Limes." "Hush, hush, Ned," cried the other, "I do not know what he has done. I haven't asked -for information ; he may be wrong, but give him credit for acting for the best." " That which is best for himself—I have done so." " Good-night, Ned—good-night." "You have not Bought my confidence, Nat; but I am not ashamed of what has passed, or of what is to come, please heaven ! and for the sake of the better understanding that springs up between us from to-night " Thank yon, Ned." " For the sake of the better understanding between us, I will tell you. It'R a short story, though there is much pain compressed in it. I fell in lnve some months ago; I have been falling deeper and rlneper into lnve ever since. I have put off the hour for clearing up a little mystery that, like a romantic fool, I conjured up about myself, until the hour is past for ever. I postponed the calm, deliberate avowal of my affection, until I was sure she would not turn away from me—and now, now when mv hopes are brightest, Nat, she and her mother vanish away like a dream, depart suddenly for London, and the only nlue T obtain is that a gentleman, resembling Mr. Lanceford, was at their house this morning." " Yesterday, you mean ? " "No, this morning." " He was at Dorchester church yesterday. He—but I have no right to suppose it," added Nathan, hastily, "I see it all now," said Edmund, gloomily. " I have been groping in the dark, ignorant of an enemy stealthily keeping pace with me. - And he is my enemy who snatches from my grasp all that makes life valuable." "Whv did not you tell him, Ned?" asked Nathan. "Why did he not tell me?" cried Edmund, with his old vehemence; " seek for an explanation, before he thrust himself between me and my hopes? Haven't I a right to claim consideration at his hands ? " " He thinks he has acted for the best," said Nathan. " He is mistaken, then," replied Edmund, bitterly; " he could not have made a falser or more cruel step. He has never acted for the best in his life! why should he know what is best for mine 7 Has his life been so full of happiness, or so wisely regulated, that he is justified in saying, ' I step between you and this girl; I know what is best for you—she is not fit for you ?' " " Dangerous talk for you—and dangerous for me to hear." have done." " I don't say that you are in the wrong, Ned, any more than that you have acted right. I should have worked on a different plan had I been you—had I been Mr. Lanceford. If you have chosen well, I hope this little cloud will pass away." " If I have chosen well! Do you doubt it?" "I know nothing about it," answered Nathan. " The Lancefords are an unhappy race; there is a spell upon us! " " What spell ? " "Ola strange love-spell that leads our hearts in the wrong direction, and works much evil in its course. I have heard my father talk of the Lanceford. wives and the love troubles of our ancestors, and now the new generation begins with the old cares." "And Edmund Lanceford is the first under the spell! So he it, I am not afraid. The evil it may work did not begin with B." The brothers parted; Edmund went to his room to pack his portmanteau for the morrow's journey, to rehearse ov6r his defence, and strengthen himself in his intentions, should his ifather refuse him permission to depart; and Nathan, troubled and thoughtful, turned into his bachelor's bedstead, and forgot to wash his face before he did so. He remembered the Moor of Venice in the morning, however, when he looked at his pillow and saw how much of his complexion he - had left on the white linen, and wondered what the housemaids would think when they came in to make the bed. And the only fact that those houBemaids arrived at after grave deliberation and. much critical inspection was, that Master Nathan Lanceford had gone mad in the night and had gone up the chimney for a change! CHAPTER XII. Contrary to his.usual habit, Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford of the Limes, Dorset, made his appearance at the bre*kfaBt-tahle on the following morning. Accustomed sometimes to breakfast by himself in a small room looking on the garden, and more often to his cup of mocha and slice of dry toast at his bedside—it was very seldom that Mr. Lanceford honoured his children and Mr. Gurnett by his presence at an hour so early. On the particular morning in question-he was the first to take his place at the breakfast-table, and wait patiently for company. Willie entered shortly afterwards, and started a little at his father's presence there ; he even ventured a wistful look at Mr. Lanceford's face, as if anxious to read thereon the reason for his sudden appearance. But there was nothing to alarm Willie in his sire's countenance—it was smooth and fair, and even smiling, as he said, " Are you and I to breakfast alone this morning, William Ernest ? and has fate even a breakfast in store for us ? I begin to doubt it." "Nathan's coming down directly, papa; and Mr. Gurnett has been in the garden this half-hour." And Edmund ? " _ I haven't seen him this morning, sir." " Home late last night, as usual ? Well, youth will be youth, I suppose! We must not be too hard on Edmund." He was not home late, papa." " All the better. PerhapB he is turning over a new leaf. Good-morning, Mr. Gurnett." " God bless me !" said Mr. Gurnett, at the sudden discovery of Mr. Lanceford in the breakfast-room,—"and good-morning. Every promise of a fine day, sir." "Every promise. John," to a footman who entered at this moment, " will you be kind enough to ascertain if we are to be favoured with the company of my sons at breakfast? " John departed with the message, which probably had the effect of hastening matters, for in a few minutes Nathan entered, followed by his brother Edmund. Nathan came in at his usual bIow rate of progression, Edmund with a quick impetuous step that took him past his hrother, and seated him first at the table. Edmund had not paid any great attention to his toilet; bis hair bad been hastily brushed back in any fashion, he had forgotten his collar, and his necker- chief was tied very loosely round his wellshaped throat. His face had always been a bright one in that room, but the life and light that morning were not there, and in iss place were a gravity and sternness very new to it. It was a dismal meal, and Mr. Lanceford's easy remarks on things in general did not cheer his family or Mr. Gurnett. Every one there knew what had happened yesterday, and who had set that strange expression on the features of £he love-sick boy. Mr. Gurnett, who had not much confidence iu Edmund's power of self-command—and very good reason that gentleman had for his want of confidence—sat and fidgeted, and glanced at his senior pupil out of the corner of his e/es. He played with his spoon, transferred it from the cup to the saucer and back again half-a-dozen times, Btirred at an imaginary liquid in his empty cup, and finally ended by dropping the spoon under the table. Edmund, who had not uttered a word iu response to his father's observations, broke silence when the servants had retired. His deep voice startled three out of four listeners at least; even the fourth for a moment seemed to shrink. " Mr. Lanceford, I am going to London to day," said Edmund boldly. " To London—indeed ! " was the mild response. " Have you any objection to offer, sir?" " You are rather precipitate, I think," said Mr. Lanceford in reply; " but if you have any particular wish to leave I will waive any objections I may have to your journey. Can Mr. Gurnett excuse you ? " "I have not asked Mr. Gurnett yet, sir." " Shall you stay long in London ? " "No, sir, not very long." " You will go to Mayfair, I presume ? " "No, sir." " As you please. Perhaps BO large a house would be lonesome at this season of the year. Do you go alone?" " Entirely alone." "You will return entirely alone, of course ? " Edmund bit hiB lip and looked at his father steadily. Mr. Gurnett cleared off Nathan's butter-plate with his elbow. "You are young to visit London alone, and there is no telling what acquaintances you may make there," continued Mr. Lanceford. " I need not say, if you meet any new friends, form any new ties,' I dispute your right to trouble me with them." "No trouble shall fall to your share, Mr, Lanceford." " Then go to London, Edmund, and my blessing, if it be worth anything, go with you. I am sorry to see you anxiouB for the world and its temptations at nineteen years of age; but it shall not be said the father was a tyrant, and sought to thwart the inclinations of his son. I ask no explanations of the motives for this nlysterious journey. Iam content to trust you—with yourself." " I thank your for your confidence." Edmund rose as he spoke, and marched quickly from the room. It had been an effort to face bis father and not express a part of the indignation . which consumed him ; and his powers of self-command grew weaker as he sat there. As the door cloBed after him, Mr. Gurnett cried, "Mr. Lanceford, are you doing right? Have you well considered the effects of your son leaving home so hastily ? " " Let him see the world, Mr. Gurnett," was the reply; "he will find in it muoh to amuse him; a change will do him no harm." ' But " 1 But this is a subject I would prefer discussing with you at a more fitting opportunity," said Mr. Lanceford, with a glanoe in the direction of his sons. " I beg pardon ; I was precipitate." Mr. Lanceford rose, and stood at the open French window. " What a lovely day, Mr. Gurnett!" Mr. Lanceford stepped info the sunshine, and went along the stone terrace that ran hefore the house, his hands in the pockets of his dressing- gown. Mr. Gurnett, who took his patron's observation as a hint to follow him, joined him on the terrace. Mr. Gurnett, whom a little disturbed, waB nervous and agitated, and the steps were not very firm that took him to Mr. Lanceford's side. They were a strange contrast, those two men, at -that time—Mr. Lanceford in his a-ioh drewing-gown and velvet eknll-rapi ' his tread firm, bis form erect, his countenance unruffled; Mr. Gurnett in bis ill-fitting Bait of black, bis thin, grey hairs uncovered, his step irregular, and his face representing a variety of emotions which he made no effort to conceal. " Ton will excuse me, Mr. Lanceford, if I repeat my question. Have you sufficiently considered the result of your son's haBty act?" " I have sufficiently considered the result of my refusal," replied Mr. Lanceford; " my. eon would fling away the scabbard, and declare war to the death. He would go without my consent I read it on bis face." "Do you really think so? "There was a look thereon peculiar to the Lancefords—a look that said, ' I have made up my mind, and there is nothing in the world to change me; balk me if you dare!' Tou may have seen that look before?" Mr. Gurnett had seen it upon the face of his patron only two nights since: then it expressed an iron resolve that nothing short of a miracle could shake. He did not respond, however, to his companion's question, but continued the old subject. "But—but, sir, this going to London. Does it not 6et him in opposition to you again ? may he not discover the object of his search ? " "I do not believe Mrs. Mernott and daughter will proceed to London just yet. I have not the slightest fear that Edmund and his inamorata will meet for many years to come. If they should " "Well, sir?" "If they should meet, Mr. Gurnett, how much nearer is my son to what he calls his happiness ?—not a finger's length. I have played my cards too well for that!" " If you could only hint that the object of his passion is sot in London." " My son and I have bad no conversation on his passion; Miss Mernott may be a myth, and Mr. Edmund Lanceford's love of change—say even his objection to the harsh rule of Mr. Gurnett—may be his only reason for visiting the great metropolis. Do I," shrugging his shoulders, ".know anything to to the contrary ? " Mr. Gurnett wrung his hands. _" He is so young, sir; a lad not quite nineteen years of age—a lad not the most steady, cast upon the world at the very time the one romance of his life is shattered at I his feet!" |I Mr. Lanceford regarded the tutor with a mild air of surprise. "Tou speak feelingly, Mr. Gurnett— really, I was not aware Edmund Lanceford was your favourite, or that you took so great an interest in him." "I take an interest in any weak and erring mortal, whose whole after life may depend upon one step," cried Mr. Gurnett; "and I have not lived here so short a time as to take no interest in your sons. I feel as responsible for tbeir future welfare in the world as for their education." "' The care of the teacher is of no less consideration than his skill,' wrote an old English writer, I believe," remarked Mr. Lanceford, coolly. "Of the future welfare of Edmund Lanceford, I warn you, Bir—it is my duty to warn you!" "Shall I chain him up?—there is no other way to stop him." " Reason with him, sir—be his counsellor and friend. And you will pardon me, sir— but I must speak my mind—be to him all that is implied by the holy name of lather!" . " I am not a holy man." Mr. Gurnett wrung his hands again. "Tou will not take my warning " "Mr. Gurnett," interrupted Mr. Lanceford, "I have listened patiently to words that you are not here to speak, and that imply, to say the least, a doubt of my affection. I take no offence at it, but I wish to hear no more. I do not fear the world and its temptations for my son. If the temptations that may beBet him wean him from his lolly, I shall sot regret his return a wiser man." " Tou are wrong, sir—you are acting wrongly! •nnirlv ! " "If Mr. Gurnett considers he has any influence over my son, he has my full concent to accompany him to London, and bring him back the same simple, virtuous youth he goes away !" "I thank you, sir." Mr. Gurnett took Mr. Lanceford at his word, and hastened at once into the bouse in Bearch of Edmund. He went straight to the room of bis senior pupil, and found him gravely packing his portmanteau, and Willie and Nathan watching the operation. In the_ walk through the passages and up the stairs, Mr. Gurnett's excitement had had time to cool, and he entered the room in as nervous a manner and with as faltering a step as usual. " Mr.—Mr. Edmund, I have come to ask a very great favour of you ! " *." Well, sir—what is it ? " "Will you allow me to accompany you to London—not as a tutor, but as a friend ? " "Bather a new character," remarked Edmund, closing his portmanteau and lugging at the straps; " I'm afraid it wouldn't Buit." " Tou are very young to go alone! " Edmund Lanceford, in his best tempers, had never cared to be reminded of bis youth, and Mr. Gurnett's remark at that time was somewhat ill- considered. "Oh! you want to join me as Mentor, •with a white beard and a big book under your arm, like the wise man in the frontispiece. I would rather be excused." " Tou mistake me, I assure vou. Edmund." ' " Yery likely. Have you anything more to say, Mr. Gurnett, because I am pressed for rime?" '.'Do I understand that you refuse my offer? " said Mr. Gurnett, sadly. "Most - decidedly; I have refused Nathan's—even Willie's; where is the inducement to accept yours, I wonder? Tours has (he only merit of Mr. Lanceford's permission, I euppose ? " " Tes," absently replied Mr. Gurnett. "I thought so," said Edmund, giving his portmanteau a terrible bump on the floor • " wall, I am very much obliged to you and Mr. Lanceford, but, as I should only give yon the Blip directly I reached London, I wouldn't advise you to accompany me on the ndlent vokru principle." Mr. Gurnett withdrew;' he had made his ! offiv, and it bad been, as he had imagined, contemptuously refused. There was nothing ( left.himbutto wander nervously up and't down the library, and regret his helpleBSness. Edmund went away on horseback, and Nathan and Willie rode with him to the • railway station. Jemmy Dornton, in a light chaise, went on in advance with the j portmanteau. ! j Edmund had taken a formal leave of bis father, who had offered his purse, and whose generosity had been coldly declined. At the lodge-gates, Mrs. Dornton and her daughter waited to wish him a pleasant journey, and the road for half a mile or so was dotted with the servants of the Limes, who had managed to drop there " promiscuous-like." There ie no keeping the trnth from the servants of a large household; every one at the Limes knew Master Edmund Lanceford and his father had had a difference—that there had been almost a quarrel, and that the eldest-horn of the house was going away with a heavy heart. Everybody knew, too, it was a love affair, and that a young lady was at the hottom of it—a fact that accounted for half a dozen housemaids hanging over the park palings at a bend of the road, and waving their handkerchiefs after him in quite a sisterly manner. At the railway station, and but five minutes to wait for the arrival of the up train. I shall soon be at Uncle Pembercast's, ; you will give me a call there?" said Willie, as they paced the platform.' "No Willie—I think not." Jemmy Dornton came forward to bid hiB young master good-bye. Jemmy Dornton knew more of Edmund's secret than the rest of Mr. Lanceford's menials, and having known him from an infant in armn, had a greater right, he thought, to offer his; advice. 'Tou'JI take care of yourself in Lunnon, Master Edmun 1 ? " he said, as he came up with the hrothers. "Every care, old Jemmy—the right side always uppermost." "Ah! you doan't say that with the old wull—the old faugh," said Jemmy ruefully "but I think you mean well. No more emptying decanters, and smashing dessertplates, I hope, sir." Edmund coloured, and said hastily " All right, Jemmy—all right. Goodday to you." There be a pal-Ial case occurs to me uncommon loike yourn, Master Edmun'. There wor once a young friend of moine went to Lunnon on a kind of wild-goose chase, and says I to him before he starts " "Jemmy, I haven't time to hear your story now. Here's the train in sight, and I have something to say to my brothers before I leave them." Jemmy touched his gold-banded hat. " AH roight, Master Edmun'. I'll take the liberty of wishing you a safe journey and 6oon home again, and Gord bless you, my lad ! There, you doan't mind an old man loike me—I knowed you when you wor such a little chap! " And Jemmy, shaking bis head disconsolately, went out of the railway-station to look after the horses. Presently the train came clanking to the station, and Edmund Bhook his brothers by the hand. " I bad nothing to say to you both, only Jemmy's nonsense was becoming unbearable. Good-try, Nat—good-by, Willie." " When shall you Teturn ?" asked Nathan, when Edmund had taken his place in the railway-carriage. " In a fortnight, if the spell's broken—the Lanceford spell you spoke of last night, Nat," he said, with forced levity. " Ah! but if it endures—if you should meet her ? " " Never!" And Edmund Lanceford folded his arms, and frowned from under his hat. It was not a happy face that the train swept away from the sight of the brothers that morning. (To It antinued.) 