CHRISTMAS EVE WITH SKUM FENDIDEL. ? ? ? [From the Observer.] CHAPTER I. Again hath come the holy Christmas-Tide, rising athwart the measure of Eternity called Time— a mountain of sweet memories where- from men see the landscape of their lives stretched far behind. Yes; the years wane and wax, eventful, though unre membered, as the nations march forward; but Christmas is never forgotten, is always welcomed, and is always loved! Perhaps Skumfendidel, the well-to-do tanner, having a jolly Irishwoman to wife, and possessing a very pretty daughter, was at this period unlike most people; at all events, Christmas Eve made no impression upon him— did not seem rescued from the foolishness of his other days— for he was drunk. There could be no mistake about it— Skum- fendidel was drunk. No reasonable person is likely to doubt this assertion; but if it is challenged, let me urge in its justification the fact that Skumfendidel lolled against the bar-counter, protesting vehemently that he was not drunk. It may be argued that Skumfendidel's idea of drunkenness and the idea of an average human being on the same subject are two very different things. If we are to be led by Skumfendidel, a man could not be considered drunk without having two or three fits of delerium tremens, or swallowing all the lager beer and brandy buyable; but leaving this delicate point to be settled at some future period, allow me to again affirm that Skumfendidel was drunk. Why, even Hans Schwilpott, mine host of the Magpie and Stump, which he rechristened "Makbir unt Shtomp" — even this, an expe rienced authority, exclaimed — "Not tronk? nicht tronk! Himmel! den venn doos a man ket tronk? Drei bots von lager peer unt sieben nopplers! Unt he sess he is nicht tronk!" "Verfluchter Schaffskopf! du bist ein- ein-ein" — and here Skumfendidel stopped, probably because his brains beerily refused to yield another appropriate epithet. These things happened in the days of uniforms and pipeclay— of butts, centres, bullseyes, and cow-shooting— when brass bands brayed in a melancholy manner, and each awkward squad waved high a silken banner, presented, amid a spatter of shots, by Mrs. Captain Brown or Jones, as the case might be— when, in short, every other man was a be-rifled, be-red- bloused, be-blue- tunic'd, be-cartridged-boxed, be-strapped, be-belted, be- drilled volunteer. This therefore explains how it came to pass that in another part of the bar, clustered round a bagatelle-board, a party of volunteers were laughing and talking over their cigars and ale. Let us hear how these brave defenders conversed, as, unbending their mighty sculs from martial duty, they passed the time in pleasant fellowship. "An outer at least," says the Captain. "No," I interposed, "if I may be allowed to hazard a conjecture as to the state of Denmark, I should say it was an inside-her; ha, ha! and, begad, you'd hardly believe it, when we got up to the target it was the cow, shot through the hind-quarters as clean as a whistle." Podgkinson's experiences afforded great pleasure, if noise be any test of enjoyment. Podgkinson was a self- constituted social dux, gifted with great conceit, who stood about five feet two inches from heel to head, and owned a pair of legs which continually en deavoured to unite themselves at the knees. Two particular articles of his belief deserve notice here — First, that the place of one man alone out of all creation could not be sup plied, and that man's name began with a P and ended with an n; and if further identi fication were needed, a g and a k would be found not far from the middle. Secondly, that the Bank (Podgkinson was in a Bank) was so entirely dependent on him for its prosperity, it couldn't do without him, Sir; the Bank would sooner have its gold safe picked and robbed than part with him; it would go on its knees beseechingly if he ever so much as hinted at resigning. Podgkinson had a sharp, high, brittle voice — so brittle that it seemed constantly in danger of breaking, and falling (vocally) to the ground. It did indeed sometimes give a crack, but recovered itself, and went on detailing Podg kinson's views and Podgkinson's ideas of things in general, and of Podgkinson himself in particular. There is no knowing how long the volun teers might have stayed round the bagatelle- board had not Skumfendidel, in the most violent manner, again protested he was not drunk, fetching his hand at the same time such a smack on the counter as to set all the glasses dancing, and drew attention to himself. "Twig the Deutscher, boys," Podgkinson remarks, inclining a jorum of shandygaff gracefully to his lips. "Tight as a drum," somebody replies. "I've got an idea," says our friend, winking most knowingly. This seemed so unusual that an expression of surprise came over the faces of those near him. "Put it under a glass-case," "Send it to Parliament," "Hold it fast— it don't often come," "Keep it while you've got it," "Sit on it," "Shove it in your pocket," were the comments which followed this declaration of intellectual wealth. "Well, you are a set of asses," is the placid rejoinder. "I've got an idea, I tell you, of making a fool of that drunken German; doing no harm, and having a jolly good lark this Christmas Eve." "Well, what is it?" "I'll quarrel with him, get him to fight; rifles, and all that sort of thing; fifty paces, mortal foes, Fatherland. Bosh, no bullets, lots of powder. Hem, plain as a pikestaff; don't you understand?" It was rather a cruel question under the circumstances; but Podgkinson, full of his idea, and disdaining further explanation, put down his glass, and walked up to Skum fendidel. "Spraken see Dootch?' he asked be nignly. "Jah!" roars Skumfendidel, sagely prop ping himself up against the bar, and looking intensely drunk by reason of attempting to appear sober. "Hem! then, ah, allow me the pleasure, ah, of —" "I bin nich tronk—" "My dear fellah, ah, excuse me, but if your good sense of morals is not, ah, shocked by this unseemly exhibition of yourself in liquor, why, ah, it ought to be, that's all." "Ich be not tronk." "Drei bots von lager peer unt sieben nopplers," solemnly drones Hans Schwil pott, as if in stern defence of the sacred truth. Skumfendidel seeing somehow that the small volunteer is addressing him, asks hiccupingly— "Vot you varudt?" and he is not a man to be trifled with, but dreadfully drunk and incapable. "Mein furt!" says Hans, 'You spik as if diss shentieman vas—" "Ah, pray don't distress yourself, good mine host!" with a Podgkinsonian wave of the hand, "on my account. Leave him to me. I will settle the little dispute with our friend, ah, Drunkenteffil myself." A pro digious wink accompanying this speech, and great snickering among the circle of volun teers gave Hans Schwilpott to under stand that nothing more formidable than some kind of practical joke is about to be enacted. The German-English title invented and bestowed by the small volunteer had the desired effect, for it made Skumfendidel angry. "You leef me 'lone, mill you! els I puns you 'et." "Really, Mr. Drunkenteffiil, I feel quite ashamed to see a person of, ah, your stand ing in such a state of beer." This was a remark, perhaps, justified by circumstances, for a prosperous, middle aged German tanner, if very drunk, is not a wholesome spectacle. "Peer! I haf not tronk." "Drei bots von lager peer unt sieben nopplers," the landlord steps in, determined to help out the fun. "Peace, my good Schwilpott, peace. Mr. Drunkendeffil, you uttered a threat just now about 'punsing my 'et,' which I don't intend to stand. I came here in a friendly spirit, hoping that you were not so drunk as you looked. I am very sorry to say, after what has passed, that you are as drunk as blazes." This fiery assertion roused Skumfen didel's wrath, and yelling out — "Du bist ein- ein-ass," he rushed zig zagedly at Podgkinson, and discharged himself against the wall. A prodigious roar of laughter greeted this exploit, and added to his ire. "I feel I am insulted," says Podgkinson, advancing in a threatening and martial manner. "Vot iss your (something'd) name?" shrieks Skumfendidel, lurching back. Very unconcernedly Podgkinson ap proached, and dipping one finger into Skum fendidel's half-emptied glass, scrawled on the bar counter in large liquid letters the aristo cratic family name JOHN BROWN. Skumfendidel, quite beside himself at the audacity of this English blackguard Brown, clutched the glass and hurled it at his foe, but it went so far from the intended object as to crash high above against a gaudily papered panel, hiding all traces of blue and pink roses in sprinkles of lager beer. "Drunkendeffil! blood alone can wash— ah— out the stain! Can you fight, you — ah — you brandy- blossomed Dutch barrel? Will you dare to fight me?'' What agonies of laughter creaked audibly among the listeners! "Ach, fight, fight, gif me gon! I show you, you pig; you English prown horse! Blut unt bullets! I will fight you; git me gon, du eingebildeter Tchon Pull." "I accept your challenge, old Drunken- deffil," retorts Podgkinson, nigh choking himself in the endeavour to keep his laughter inside. 'The flag that's braved a thousand years' is not going to be put down like this. Eh, boys?" "No, no," is chorussed by the rest. "Himmel, gif me gon, gif me gon," was all Skumfendidel could reply. "Stop, Drunkendeffil; let us do every thing right. Pearcer here will be my second; who'll be yours?" Hans Schwilpott was persuaded to help a countryman in distress, and advised Skum fendidel to "make a vill." "Make a vill ! I mill shoot him!" was his savage reply, given partly to the wall, and partly down his shirt-front. "Well, as the sanguinary German will proceed to extremities, we had— ah — better make proper preparations," coolly concludes the other principal, winking and receiving winks to an extent excelled only by those little bandy-legged niggers fixed on stands, sold as timekeepers, with clockwork insides and a dial upon their stomachs; the effect whereof is to make them roll up their eye balls unceasingly and tell the hour exactly where, in live specimens, the last bottonhole of the waistcoat comes. "I dinks, shentlemen; ess, I am pest man fur Herr Skumfendidel," says Hans Schwil pott; "I moost not ko on te grunt dil a toctore iss dere." Skumfendidel obstinately objected, and consigned all doctors to nameless and warm regions; but his opponent cheerfully agreed. "A capital idea, mine host; a capital idea! We must have a doctor." One of the volunteers here stepped for ward and claimed to be the regimental Surgeon. Nobody disputed his claim, and for that reason he was pronounced duly qualified for the post. "Sorry, gentlemen, I haven't my instru ments, but in a case like this— an emergency —we can soon get over that difficulty. Will any of you lend me a bayonet?" he says, making great attempts to look dignified. "A knife for amputation is the principal thing wanted at a duel, particularly where rifles are used. You see the bones get so crushed from the force of the ball that in hardly any case can we save a limb." Several bayonets were immediately prof fered, and selecting one, which seemed to Skumfendidel the ugliest and longest of the lot, he expressed a determination to use the grindstone thereon, so as to have as fine an edge as possible. They all went out to the grindstone with the impromptu doctor, who displayed admirable nerve, and made the sparks fly from the shining blade, now and then feeling it with his finger, till satisfied with its cutting power he declared there was no necessity for further delay. "By-the-by," he whispered to Hans Schwilpott, who led Skumfendidel by the arm, "you had better have a bottle of wine and a shutter taken down— likely to be useful, you know." Perhaps the merits of a shutter as a con veyance have not in general been sufficiently recognised, possibly because passengers thereby are unappreciative, being generally dead or wounded; anyhow, Skumfendidel overhearing the doctor's remark felt un pleasantly sober for quite two minutes. The 'Magpie and Stump' remained deserted, save by womankind, when the motley assemblage departed for the big section, which formed a convenient fighting ground, to witness the duel between Podg kinson and Skumfendidel. Already bright moonshine flooded the place, and made everything easily discern ible, yet withal in that far off unreal way which seems to follow the touch of the pale goddess, as if she were some fine enchantress turning the world into dreamland. It is surprising, too, what a cooling effect her rays have upon the heated human brain, and the puffs of wind blowing past and whirling up the fallen gum-tree leaves might have carried away with them some of Skumfendidel's drunkenness, so serious had he become. Not that he was frightened, not a bit; for the newly-acquired sense of what he was about only made him more determined to shoot Mr. Yon Prown very neatly through the head. "Feefty yart," bawls Hans Schwilpott, after having stepped it out. "Fifty yards," in turn responds Pearcer from the other end; and sundry individuals mark the distance with their boot-heels in the ground. Podgkinson, meanwhile, taking things very coolly, is the centre of a laughing group, and apparently inured by martial exercises to such occurrences as the present, holds forth in the old style, and thinks no less of himself because he has managed to over match the German. Everything being fairly arranged, there was nothing for it but to load the rifles and place the men. Hans Schwilpott and Pearcer charge one of the big Enfields for Skumfendidel's special behoof with a double allowance of gunpowder and no bullet; the other with an ordinary cartridge, also sans bullet, for Podgkinson's use. They ram down the harmless powder till the ramrods ring against the inside grooves and bounce up as though intending to leap in their places without assistance. Podgkinson jauntily steps out, rifle in hand, and proposes that, as his German friend might understand his own country man best, Hans Schwilpott should give them the word thus — "Tickle'em, tackle'um, buck; One, two, three— off." "All right," says honest Schwilpott; "bot yoost say dat annuder dime," The magical words are again repeated, and Hans goes to his man with the weapon ready capped. Skumfendidel during this time of prepara tion has established a philosophical investi gation within the depth of his own mind as to whether he is really the clean-shaved, well-doing tanner named Skumfendidel, or whether he is somebody else, or if he is neither himself nor somebody else, who and what he can possibly be. Just as he is beginning to arrive at a conclusion in the matter Hans Schwilpott comes up and places the rifle in his hands— "Gum, olt mann, unt shoot him." "Vare mill I shoot him?" Vare you like; hit him hart." "Vare mill I shtant?" "Here, on dis mark dare; you skvint him straight ahet." "Ja; unt ven mill I shoot him?" "Ven I sess 'off.' '' Skumfendidel steps on the mark and glares fiercely and fixedly before him. He sees the odious Yon Prown standing opposite in the clear moonlight, with the red end of a cigar glowing in front like the nightlamp of a public-house, and resolves to knock Yon Prown's cigar down Yon Prown's throat, in company with Yon Prown's teeth and tongue. "Now, gentlemen," cries Pearcer, a sandy- whiskered whipper-snapper, "Now then, gentlemen. I suppose you're both ready." "Quite," promptly responds Podgkinson, bringing his rifle first to half-cock, then to full-cock slowly, so that to Skumfendidel's fancy, the two clicks struck two o'clock in the morning. "All right," somebody sings out for Skumfendidel. Hans Schwilpott sees his man's piece is also properly cocked, and steps a little on one side to give the word and escape the smoke. "Now then, olt mann; bees you retty?" he asks the combative tanner. "Ja," replies Skumfendidel, bringing his rifle up to his shoulder and striving to take aim. Perhaps there is more difficulty con nected with this operation when the moon shines than at other times— perhaps people who drink too much don't have steady hands; but whatever might be the cause, Skumfendidel's rifle would not be persuaded, and kept dodging its muzzle and sight up in the sky, down to the ground, to the right, to the left— in short, anywhere but to the red cigar end so invitingly stuck in the detestable Yon Prown's mouth. "Now then, here kose," roars Hans Schwilpott; "mein furt, olt mann, ton't shoot me." (This is an aside to his friend.) "Dikkle dem, dakkle dem, bock; Von, too, tree — off." Bang go both rifles, and when the smoke clears, Skumfendidel, expecting to find him self hit all over, but feeling perfectly whole, sees that the odious Yon Prown has fallen flat on bis back, no doubt dead as a salt herring, heels stuck up in the air, and pre senting to the horrified gazer a right angle of shotten humanity. "Donner unt blitzen! he's shot," yells Hans Schwilpott, rushing past to gain the prostrate foe. "Shot a man! mein Gott! das kann nicht sein! Ach! nie!" exclaims Skumfen didel. But facts are stubborn things. You can't knock 'em on the head, or put 'em in a sack, or cut their throats, or frighten 'em, or get rid of 'em any way; and neither rubbing his eyes till they were bloodshot, nor letting the rifle drop on his toes, would alter the case at all, for there was that horrible be-shotten Yon Prown stretcht stiff as a pick-handle, about to be amputated somewhere by the doctor, who flourished pretty freely a naked bayonet, and sur rounded by friends, whose moanings of woe pierced Skumfendidel's very marrow, and seemed quite hysterical in their deep grief. He sees them lift him on the shutter, and walk slowly away, Hans Schwilpott and all; no mistake. Those legs stick up, alas, too stiffly against the sky. Somebody carries the volunteer's cap, another his rifle, and see! as the melancholy train treads on the road, dark, liquid stains drop from that dreadful shutter, and leave their marks upon the white dust. It is too much. Flesh and blood can't stand it, and shrieking, "Mein Gott, I hef shooted him," he rushes off, runs as hard as his legs can carry him, passes them all in wild desperation. Ah, treads in some of the gory stains, dares not look at that particularly rigid corpse; races away home wards with a peal of yelling laughter sound ing after him like a chorus of fiends— astonishes some people, frightens others, till pale and panting he gains his own door. As Skumfendidel passed, the heartless corpse-bearers set up a huge guffaw, which deepened into a roar of laughter, wherein the corpse heartily joined. "You can put me down now, you fellows. O Lord! O Lord! how he bolted. O Jerusalem! what a lark. Poor old Drunken- devil. We've wasted quite enough of this red wine, and I mean to drink the rest. So saying the mighty Podgkinson got off the shutter, took a hearty pull at the bottle, and then again helped to swell the laughing chorus in a vigorous manner indeed for a corpse. The Magpie and Stump was soon re gained, and when sundry glasses of various beverages had been emptied, it was resolved to put an end to Skumfendidel's misery, by going at once and spending the rest of Christmas Eve with him. CHAPTER II. The conventional bull never exhibited half the anger at the sight of the conven tional red rag, as did Skumfendidel when ever Mr. Rumsey Spriggins appeared before his eyes. The said Rumsey Spriggins was one of that deluded section of the class known as soft-goods-men, who strive to show the outside world what imposing, military-looking, fascinating gentlemen they are; whereas the outside world frequently considers them particularly soft, not only in goods, but all over. The said Rumsey, although having all the weaknesses of the weakest of his tribe, being stout, wearing bobtail coats and long dundreary whiskers, addicted to striped and large-patterned garments, vivid neckties, brilliant shirt-studs, and huge watch-appendages, nevertheless aspired to be rated above the average soft-goods- man, deemed himself a splendid performer on the cornopean, affected poetry, made great exertions therewith at elocution meet ings, aimed at the romantic in life (whatever that may be), and, finally, was madly in love with plump little Grcttel Skumfendidel. Skumfendidel was the sole existing bar to their happiness, for Mr. Spriggins had in sinuated himself into the good graces of all the womenkind connected with the Skum fendidel establishment. He claimed some kind of relationship with Mrs. Skumfendidel through their common ancestor Brian Boru, averring that the Spriggins family were originally the famous Irish sprig-of-shillelah people, having removed to the could-hearted English Isle some two or three hundred years ago. Notwithstanding that this scion of the illustrious race was a pure- bred Cockney, the good lady, with all the impulsiveness of her nation, disdained to notice such a trilling anomaly, and despite her husband's opposi tion encouraged him to the utmost of her power. Skumfendidel's sister likewise favoured the ardent youth, so that the unreasonable opposition of Skumfeudidel alone prevented open courtship, if not actual marriage. The bibulous propensities of his desired father-in-law were great advantages to Rumsey, for while the parent wasted his time at a public-house, the lover was sure to be found in the family circle taking proper care of the daughter, and making himself generally agreeable. Christmas Eve promised to prove an ex ception to this satisfactory rule, for, the young people concluded, doubtless Father would remain at home. A meeting at Grettel's window was a desperate resolve, because to gain this window the tanyard must be crossed, and the said tanyard was guarded by a very ferocious bulldog, famed for his fighting qualities, and let loose every night with a special view to their display should occasion offer. It was not at all likely, Mr. Spriggins thought sorrowfully, that Skum fendidel would go drinking on Christmas Eve. Grettel's aunt was coming with her three daughters, and a huge Christmas tree had been prepared in true German fashion. He could not exist without seeing her, even for a single evening, and with such con soling reflections as that faint heart never won fair lady, you won't succeed if you don't try, Rumsey Spriggins took his way to the double-storey house he knew so well, with the full determination to see Grettel or perish in the attempt, and provided with a strata gem whereby to circumvent the bulldog. He reached Skumfendidel's abode, and lingered wistfully in front; but the door was shut, and no Grettel could be seen in the front garden. He waited longer, for a bull dog is a nasty animal at night, and does not improve on close acquaintance. An occasional howl from the brute flung up to the moon, as if her shining were a direct insult to the canine faculty, convinced Mr. Spriggins that a little further delay would be expedient. Voices sounded merrily within. No doubt that horrible old beast had remained— why could not he go and get drunk on Christmas Eve as well as the other nights of the year? Asking himself this question, Rumsey, with many a sigh, knowing that, in the circum stances, the front door was impassable, pre pared to visit his beloved by way of the tanyard. Seeing your sweetheart is gene rally a pleasant operation, but the presence of a big bulldog seriously interferes with enjoyment. Mr. Spriggins walked slowly away from the front palings, looking back every alter nate second, hoping to see a white dress gleam in the moonshine, and very reluc tantly turned the corner. Peering between the tanyard fence, he distinctly saw the ugly, deep-jowled beast slinking round the place as if in search of adventures. There was little fear of interruption, for a tanyard presents no particular object of interest to ordinary passers-by; so, with many a curse at Skumfendidel's dawning teetotal prin ciples, he unpocketed a dark-lantern, and lit it, keeping the bull's-eye carefully shaded till the proper moment. The next opera tion was to clamber on to the fence, while the dog was at the opposite side of the yard. His proposed stratagem was to deceive the dog by assuming the appearance of some nondescript creature, and then, taking advantage of the animal's hesitation, rush across the yard to Grettel's window. Imagine a rather stout young man arrayed in tight-fitting clothes, seated on a gum-post nervously binding a dark lantern to his best drab "bell-topper," and you have the position of affairs as Mr. Spriggins, taking off the shade, flashed the light about like a comet come to ground, and convulsively dropped on a heap of gritted wattle- bark. Among the various absurdities incidental to preliminary drill, there is one position an especial favourite of instructors, conducive to much back- aching and calf-stretching— where the aspiring volunteer is requested to touch his toes with the tips of his fingers by bending gracefully forward and extending his arms downwards till the desired end is gained. This was the exact posture assumed by Mr. Spriggins the moment he stood within the tanyard— his back bent to an uncomfort able angle, his arms stretched toward his toes, his painfully-distended trousers forming a half balloon above, and the lantern shining forth in front of his hat with all the vivid ness that a patent reflector could give. At the first onward move the dog came growling up, showing an unprepossessing row of teeth, evidently expecting to pin somebody neatly by the leg. "Oh Lord! what a monster!" thought Rumsey, in grievous fright, "I'm in for it!" and, perspiring freely (for the night was warm), he took another step forward des perately, wishing himself anywhere else, and swearing at Skumfendidel with all the unction of a bullock- driver. His enemy started back, surprised and con founded at the strange figure; for such an exhibition of the ridiculous was doubtless unknown to dog-experience. Looking sideways with an effort Mr. Spriggins could see the animal describing circles around— cocking his tail, growling like a bear, and lifting his chaps up and down as if they were sausage-choppers; but he seemed evidently disposed to know more of the intruder, and could not at once make up his mind for an attack. Like a wary general he waited to take advantage of any accident that might clear up the mystery. "Confound Grettel! Why didn't she keep her appointment, and save me this cursed scrape? That beast of a dog. I'll shoot him some of these days, as sure as my name's Spriggins!" mentally remarked the unfortunate young man, rendered ungallant through circumstances, and slowly making his way past lime-pits, heaps of hides, bones, hoofs, horns, and other indispensable nasti nesses. Round and round went the dog, slily drawing nearer, and varying the pro ceedings by a snappish bark as Rumsey, screwing his eyes to one side, stumbled over a stone and nearly fell down. He now felt the disadvantage of being stout. It was all very well to measure so many inches (of fat) round the chest; it had been gratifying to turn up his shirt sleeves and point in an impressive manner to the diameter of his arms; but even a thin man could not remain stooping for 20 minutes with comfort; whereas Mr. Spriggins now suffered so much from per spiration, ache, and the fear of apoplexy, that inquisitorial cunning could never have devised a condition of worse torment. Per haps the dog would not bite so hard after all! (Oh, my back!) Perhaps he could be dodged. (Oh, my legs!) Perhaps he might be dazzled with the lantern. (Oh, my head!) But what if the dog should be mad — very possible in this hot weather. Therefore Mr. Spriggins kept his excruciating position, and gasped joyfully when Grettel's window appeared only a few paces further on. Really the dog promised to justify these suspicions of insanity, for he had become quite frantic between the desire to rush at Mr. Spriggins and the necessity of keeping at a safe distance from such, a monstrosity. Never had dog been so completely outwitted. There was the window, she would soon make the beast desist, and this fearful strain would then be over ! A few moments more shuffling and he reached the window. Alas! for Mr. Spriggins, no one replied to his hoarse whisper of "Grettel! Grettel !" She wasn't there! At this precise juncture a clear female voice sounding from the front garden far to the right, pleasantly hummed a few bars of music. Grettel's voice, there could be no mistake! It was no use trying to see her, because a six-feet close paling-fence separated the tanyard where Mr. Spriggins perspired from that small front garden where Grettel sang so sweetly. He listened for a moment, the music came nearer, then sounded further away— she was evidently walking up and down waiting for somebody. Could he have mistaken the hour appointed? Appalled by this fresh idea, which rapidly assumed the condition of a lamented fact, Mr. Rumsey Spriggins, forgetting his watchful enemy, and unable to bear the miseries of his position any longer, stood bolt upright and ran towards the garden. "Grettel, dear Grettel, I am here!" The dog venturing a terrific growl, made swift pursuit, and just as Mr. Spriggins remembered the state of affairs, and resumed his stooping posture, caught him by a con veniently bulging part of his anatomy, and firmly held on by the teeth. "Oh Lord! oh! Grettel, Grettel, help me." "What's the matter?" asks Grettel, alarmed, and standing on a rail she sees her wretched lover struggling in the clutch of her father's bull-dog, and apparently wearing a hat in flames. "Oh, call him off! Oh, call him off, dear Grettel. Oh! oh!" "Down, Grim; down, Sir, down, you bad dog," Grettel cries. Mr Spriggins gives a sudden wrench. There is a ripping sound among his garments as he reaches the fence, and manages to scramble to the top. Before descending to the other side he casts a terrified glance backward, and learns the unpleasant fact that the dog is contentedly worrying a piece of stuff, bearing strong marks of having been recently torn from certain small clothes. "Oh, Grettel!'' Mr. Rumsey Spriggins says reproachfully, "why weren't you here at the time?" "At the time?" she replies, wondering what can have happened. "At the time?" Why it's only half-past 8 now. I've been waiting for you some minutes; didn't you hear me singing?" Heard her singing ! Could he forget it? "Half-past! Why, you don't mean to say—" "Yes, half-past 8, Sir, was the time we fixed, to make certain that father was going to stay out; for (rather sadly) you know if he's out so long he never comes home before the public-house closes." "Well, if I didn't think we appointed 8. I am an ass!" Without venturing to controvert this con clusion, she asked what had happened, and laughed, it must be added, in the heartiest and winsomest way possible when he told her. "Take off that lantern and come in, dear Rumsey." Any young man appreciates tender titles applied to himself by a pretty girl. It was also gratifying to shy the lantern over into the tanyard; but what can compensate for the hidden agony of dilapi dated garments? "I think I'll go home first," he replies, mournfully. I've— I've — the fact is— ar — I've torn my clothes with that confounded dog!" "Oh bother your clothes ! I told them yon were coming. There's aunt, with her three girls, my cousins, you know — 'Gusta, Mina, and Julie— and we've got such a beautiful Christmas tree! Father will have it — Weinacht's-baum, as he calls it — tho' mother don't care much; and the girls are nearly crazy with delight. Hark!" And as if to say she told the truth, a treble chime of laughter came echoing down from the sitting-room, and on the window-blinds above sundry shadows were dancing about like ghosts in a magic lantern. He could not make further resistance, and in a minute or two was upstairs whisper ing soft things to Gretta, shaking hands with 'Gusta, Mina, and Julie, winning the good graces of Grettel's mother and Frau Drei kinder, Grettel's aunt; and while care fully facing the company, admiring the Christmas tree which stood up greenly, covered with blazing candles, confections, nick-nacks, and elegant little presents. This Christmas tree is a graceful custom which English folk might well borrow from the Fatherland. It teaches so tenderly and simply the blessedness of giving; and, better far, brings home to the children the holy Christmas-Tide when earth received her best gift from Heaven. Rat, tat, tat! a thundering knock at the hall door— a noise of hurried steps along the passage and up the stairs. "Och! mee choild!" distractedly sobs Mrs. Skumfendidel to Grettel, '' 'tis that blackguard yer father! 'tis yer brother, ma'am," she continues, addressing Grettel's aunt. Grettel's aunt is a stolid old lady who says little. She comprehends the position, however, and pointing to Mr. Spriggins, who begins to feel nervous, says — "De door." "Wh— what?" he asks. "Qvick! de door behindt." "Oh yes, Rumsey," Grettel adds, ''the door — get behind the door; make haste, make haste; here's father." And just as he is ensconced there, Skum fendidel himself rushes in without a hat, pale, out of breath, puffing— silent for a minute or two, and then, clasping his hands, yells — "Der Tod! der Tod!' and sinks exhausted into a chair. "Och! toads, toads," his wife exclaims, casting apprehensive glances towards the door. "I hate the bastes;"and up she jumps upon the sofa, holding her skirts ancle- high. Mr. Rumsey Spriggins, behind the door, has visions of a phantom toad pursuing his won't-be father-in-law without stretched wings, and leaving that worthy for another person, after descovering an unprotected part whereon to exercise phlebotomy; in the cir cumstances, however, he says nothing about it. "Ach, voman; nicht dat, not dat"— "Woman yeself," begins Mrs. Skumfen didel, bristling; "Woman, indade." Poor Skumfendidel groans, and hiding his face in his hands, continues, "I hef killdt a man." A general shriek from the young ladies— incredulity expressed by the old ones— a short pause on their part, filled up by the confessed murderer as follows — "I hef killdt a man. Shootedhim det! Ach! Gott! vot shall I do? I have killdt a man! Ach, ach, a— h," finishing with a remorseful howl. Mrs. Skumfendidel, assured by this time that toads are not in question, gets down from the sofa, and says confidently — '' 'Tis the blue divils again. Unfortu nate crathure I am to be sarved in this way." "Ach, Grettel," moans Skumfendidel, looking round for sympathy, "I hef killdt a man; I hef killdt a man; unt dare ist yure aunt. Mein Gott! vat shall I do? Dey vill hung me! Unt vare mill de ledder pe kon! Ach! ach!" Tears trickled through his fingers as he said this; he seemed to feel so deeply for the leather; but Grettel's aunt, as before remarked, was a person of little speech, and small talkers are oftentimes big doers. This lady arose solemnly, with features speaking unmitigated contempt, stalked over to where her weeping brother rocked himself backward and forward despair ingly, and gently parting his hands, wrung his nose smartly, and went back to her seat. "Vot for you do dat?" Skumfendidel roared; "vot for you do dat?" "Vot for you plue teffils?" Grettel's aunt retorted, disdaining further conversation. "Father!" interposed Grettel, reproach fully, "you might have kept sober on Christmas Eve, when you knew we all wanted you!" "Mein schildt," he piteously returns, "I em soperer ess you!" This protest had no effect whatever; every one there considered him in a state of violent delirium tremens, and quite incapable of knowing anything. He longed to be trebly drunk again! Mr. Rumsey Spriggins behind the door wished himself behind any other door, for, as he calculated, he had escaped the dog, perhaps to encounter a raving maniac. What if this drunken wretch should want the door shut, and then make an onslaught! It was evident a fancy possessed the old beast as regarded killing a man! What if he had seen him through the chink as he came in, and was acting some dreadful piece of fudge on purpose to get a chance to— There is no knowing how affairs would have ended if a tramp of feet and the singing of a chorus had not sounded nigh — still nigher — till all could hear — "Old John Brown lies mouldering in his grave; Old John Brown lies mouldering in his grave; Old John Brown lies mouldering in his grave, But his soul is marching on." Then a halt was made right opposite the house, the chorus being repeated with great vigour and discord. The effect of this innocent music on Skumfendidel was startling. "Mein Gott!" he shrieks, 'Yon Prown! Yon Prewn! dat's him! dat's him!" "Come along you fellows," bawls a high and sharp voice below, "Come along, we'll ferret him out!" A noise of many feet on the staircase, a clash of arms— shuffling— suppressed titter ing and talking; lastly, the figure in all its amplitude of Podgkinson in the doorway. Skumfendidel's face looks like a mash of mulberries as he gasps, "Yon Prown! Yon Prown! Ach! mein Gott! Dat's his geist. Himmel! vot shall I do?" He darts away from the terrifying object, and dashes at a window with the full intention of throwing himself out, when Rumsey Spriggins, unable to endure any longer, runs from behind the door, pins the would-be suicide round the body, and holds him as he kicks and struggles. "Let me go! Lefe off! Ach Himmel! It's Yon Prown kom fur me to de Teifel!" "Not if I know it, my friend," coolly remarks Podgkinson, stepping forward, "not as yet consigned to those regions wherein your mental obliquity would place me— perhaps, because not dead yet." The women, though not understanding events, were comforted by the sight of half a dozen volunteers who had followed Podg kinson, and were raising such a volume of laughter as could only have pure fun for a foundation. "Hallo! Podgkinson!" cries Mr. Sprig gins, looking round, "is that you? What's the row?" "Oh! no row! no row — only my German friend there is under the impression he's shot me — that's all." "Nicht shoot! nicht shooted! ach Himmel! ah— a— h, vot glad I am. Yon Prown, you not a geist? eh? eh?" very doubtfully. "Ah! my dear fellow, do I look like one?" "Mein Gott. No more you does! Ach! I am plees. I taut you vas shoot, Yon Prown." "John Brown! this isn't John Brown; this is my chum Mr. Podgkinson, of the Bank," from Mr. Spriggins. "Vot? vot?" and again Skumfendidel gets bewildered. His perplexity is very enjoy able, but Podgkinson feels things may be carried a little too far, and says— "Let me explain, ladies; pray be seated. Ah, no cause for alarm, it is only a little joke we have played off on Mr. Skum fendidel. Come you fellows, come in, don't be bashful." The speaker is certainly many degrees removed from that dire affliction, as he relates to his auditors, with much unction, the story of the duel and how Skumfendidel had been befooled. Rather more seriously, he adds, as the merriment subsides — "I really don't see— ah — why a man shouldn't enjoy rightly a social glass. I am no advocate of teetotalism; but neither can I understand why any man should be such an ass as to abuse what may be— ah— a blessing and turn it into a curse. Perhaps our friend may benefit by the adventure, and reflect that if — ah— Nature had intended men to wallow in nastiness she would not have made swine!" "Mr. Bodgkeensohn," says Skumfendidel forcibly and earnestly, "I will neffer get trunk no more; neffer no more, so help me mein Gott. Ach, ach, vot a fool I ef peen." He turns suddenly on Mr. Spriggins, rather to that hero's discomfiture. "R— romsey, you hef safe my life jus now, or I should hef peen out of de vindow. Never mind vot I tid! you shall have Grettel." 'You're an — an angel, sir,' Rumsey replies, transported with joy, while Grettel blushes rosily, and draws nearer to her father. "Yentlemen," that worthy says next, "yentlemen, you are velcum; let us keep Weinachten — Christmas Eve — together! Hurra for de Christmas Tree!" There is no need to record anything fur ther, save that they did keep Christmas Eve together in a way that Christmas Eve is seldom kept. There was dancing, and singing, and playing, and sweethearting, and all the nicest things you can possibly imagine. So, after all, Christmas Eve with Skum fendidel ended as all Christmas Eves should do— merrily, happily, and lovingly. G. Hobart. 