' PRESBYTERIAN BAZAAR.1 . I . , This . bazaar /was openeA yesterday afternoon iu- the /Market Hall. , The, opening ceremonial was performed by the Rev. B. M'Cay, who, in a brief- but! apt" address, explained that the purpose) of the bazaar -was J to 'raise fuuds to liquidate the. expenses incurred in providing a new roof for for"' the ' church; and with the further object of obtaining new pews. The spacious hall which is tastefully decorated with evergreens and banners, presents a very agreeable appearance to' the eye of a viator on .first entering. On each side are, stalt laden 'with countless articles of beauty and use, while at; the southern extremity a' raised- platform, "on Avhich is a grotto of evergreens sur mounted by a. trophy of flags, and forming a. tasteful and imposing back ground. That, bazaars have lost none of their popularity here is evident from the power of attraction the one ; uader notice possesses. Of course there are the o'er righteous few who never could, under any cir cumstances, be brought to give even a colourable adhesion to the doctrine that the end justified the means, and therefore denounce the pious fair which society generally gives countenance to. IVe are far from desiring to put-down what evi dently is mnde to attain an important end. It may be that the money's worth is not given for the money, but there is a sort of mutual under standing hetweeh seller and sold that oilght to altogether silence the objectors ; besides, is there not a good deal Worth paying for in the social influence which a bazaar gathering exercises; and its contagious hilarity. The wretched weather of last evening did not prevent . the Market Hall from being crowded to excess ; and the busy throng with the fair stall-holders moving amongst them exercising all their ingenuity to dispose of their wares formed an unusual scene. There are seven (large stalls. No. 1— That of Mcsdames Ryland, Blytb, Ramsay, and Miss Ilenry. ' No. 2— That of Mesdames Hutchison, Malcolm, and Lindsay. Nol 3— That1 of ' Mesdames M'Cay,, Thompson, , arid Curie. No. 4— That of. Mes- danics Graham and /Sieyewright, Misses .Tyjlsdn, and Miss Drysdiile. No/ 5,'. the refreshnic'nt stall, - is. provided by Messrs Fisher,. Ryland, .Bulj,- and Bcgg- -' The crowded state of- the bazaar, yester day rendered it impossible to make a minute survey of the. large and varied ' collection which is offered- at .the shrine of religion. There are, however, some exquisite pieces of cunning work to be found in silk and wool and embroidcry'of sofa/coyers, lamp screens, fife.scfecn's,;picfures( and otiier / almost endless' ways/ Tn/ cabinet . / workj there arc// also) 'somC ' very, choice'./ spcciraciis, of depiga/nrid ivdrkuaariship'. ; Christmas. .trees, form prominent and pleasing objects. The fancy glass and .china, wares-ore also worthy of obser vation. lyiiile tlie ornamental and luxurious iB in abundarice, there is. no lnok of the useful, so that, those who", have the large' Jieart and the small mennB can as worthily and ungrudgingly contribute their mite (by puiolinsing that which is.; of every day use) as their more wealthy neighbours; The Polytechnic Exhibition in No; 1 6 stall, of the MassrB Thompson will he found a most r agreeable resort to. those of inge nious or scientific. proclivities. In it will be found a fricti'on'al electricity machine, n beautiful little working -model of a locomotive, a horizontal: engine and boiler, n beam engine, condensor, and .working models of engines and stampers, and many articles , of ingeuious construction, which will both serve to amuse and instruct. Amongst the- optical instruments tho kaleirope, for showing the .effect of motion on colours, will be found an objeot of interest, ' nr to many, of cu riosity. , The ghost of Mr Wilkinson occupies stall No. 7/ The band played during the'lintirs the bazaar was open, and the performers being few there was no reason to complain of the diffi culty 2 of carrying on conversation ns is the enso when a very full hand is in attendance. Tlie music was very good. The bazaar will be re opened to-day. ' CiiiNF.sn Sunday-schools.— A writer in the Atlantic Monthly relates tho following: — Tlio leading churches of San Frnnoisco, of the various denominations, have established Chinese Sunday- schools, which open every Suuday at noon, and contin-uo in sossiou for two hours. . Women, of course, take the brunt of this, as of most works. A large proportion of the tcnohers nre young girls nnd young married women. Blackboards nnd Bimple atlnssos, the primer, the spelling book, nnd tlio Now Testnment as a reading-book are in uso. ' Hero, for the first timo, John en counters woman in a higher character tlinn that of a slave, and acquires for her a now and affoctionnte respect. After alio has taught him one Sunday he looks eagerly for her coming, and will not he put off with a stranger, evou of tho lordly sex. A friend of mine, visiting one of these schools, found 170 pupils present. Ho wns givon a claso of two — the usual number. One was a Chinese youth who had arrived in this colony only three days before, nnd had never seen an English book; In one hour by tho watoh this lad learned the alphabet so perfectly tlmt he could go through glibly, either way, rind could namo any individual letter tho moment tho pencil pointed to it. The otlior Iind been hero for eix months, and oonld read a little. Tie spelled out slowly, "the horse will kick the man," but the moaning of the verb puzzled him. He inquired, "ICickee, What kickee?" A ges ture of the foot sent a Bmile of comprehension rippling over his face. My friend then showed him the picture of a boy kneeling at prayer, witli eyes closed, nnd asked, " What is the boy doing?" John's idea of a prayer is that of a priest drop ping a written potition into a furnnco us if 'ho is mniling n letter ; and this" baffled him. Ho studied it long with a blank look, biit at last broke out with a ohnokle of tUscQYOry, " Mo tiukoe lie catsheo fly," 