lTE^ SORY- TELLER FJtANKLIN'S CONFESSION. Old Franklin was dying. He had suc c·ume~j at last to age; but no disease troutiled hlimn with pain, no corporeal agony intelrftred with. the mind's anxious gaze otowards She unseen world into which he was boon to' eiintcr. Gradually aid quietly the body wasted in strength, and he might have expired as calmly as an infant, but that mental inquietude preyed upon him; groans which he did not make anyl effort to suppress broke from his white lips, and his eyes had a troubled g;ize, fearful to witness in a dying man. Mi'iarinFranklin, :his grandson's wife, uWs attending upon him, looking up 'every now and then from the needlewoirk oii' which she was engaged. The sight. of that trbubled face niade her long to hear her husband's footstep ; for she feared. that death might come, and that ehe alone would be witness of the last hour. To her inexpressible .relief, how ever,. sho heard Gideon's tread approach ing the lodge, and hastening out, she begged lii~i to come in quickly, for she •feared longer to be alone with , the old man . Tius urged, (Gideon made no delay, and entering the small .partmeuntn where his grandfather lay, .he ipproa'ched the bed, and kindly inquired how he felt. " Nay, -lad, I fei4 no difference since -thee seest me this morning; but some Ahing tells ime I shall ?ot see another sun "But, girandfather," replied the young man eucourigingly,- "if thou feelest no worse, there may yet be many days be fore thee." SNo, lad, no; and I could go will Jagly, but that I am troubled in my mind. But Imust not speak, or ill may ucome of it to those belonging to Aim. Ltad Gideon, be warried by me, your old and dying grandfather ;never do anything that will burden your mind ;"-groans, fearful and deep, -brolke the old man's utterance ;:'-"50 years, and I. see it all now as I did then." i' Grandfather,'" said Gideon, '"would itbe any ease to y,,ar mind to talk to :good Master Leppard from the rectory, our squiro's son ? They sayhe has a rare :good heart,and is truly a devout man, though he bie but young. You mind him, grandfather, don't you ?--him as is nephew to you' old master, Squire Wal ter ?" "I mind him, yes, lad; ay, his father was a good youth when Master Walter and I were wild and evil in our doings, But go, lad ; do as though sayest; it will ease my mind to tell the truth at last.'" Gideon hastened to find the young plergyman,'and make. known to him the -condition of his grandfather, and the fact of his having some revelation to make of former deeds which solely troubled ihis mind, and preventing his dying in peace. The dying man and his spiritual ad viser weve left together. The tragic story of 50 years before, the long-concealed burden on the old man's conscience, we will tell in our own words. Reginald Mowbrey and Walter Leppard were cousins, but they were differently circumstanced. Reginald was ,heir of M owbrey Chase; broad lands and hoarded wealth would be his in the future, and in the present he had all that falls to the lot of an heir: consideration, deference, and, Sas an only cliild the engrossing love of his surviving parent. Gay, handsome, and uhivalri:, he was entering on life's career; the household servants worship pel him, and there was no peasant on t;he estate but wished well, and augured much good, to .aster Reginald. He had no enemies, and many friends. M]ore t-haiithiis, he had won the heart of Anna bel -Ellice, thie beautiful daughter of a sma?l squire, whose property was adja, cent to Afowbrey. No, there was no cloud in his shy. Life was a dream, a dream of bliss; Lheiere were sorrow and trouble in the world he knew; there had been grief in his own home, when while he was still a chlild, his eldest brother, who had goue fort l in the morning to the 1iEit a youth of gallant bearing, was biought ba.ci?k at night a corpse. But this had happened 2when he was still so young that the ipipression made was evaiiescent, and he grew up to realise only unbroken happiness. His cousin ~Wqalter was son of a clergyman who had married, with a very reluctant consent on the part of her friends, the sister of Regi nald's sfather. She had lived a sad life in the dreary parsonage, with a husband of gloomy habits and taciturn manners ; became the mother of four boys; and died when the eldest, Walter, was in his sixteenth year. Like'his father, Walter was reserved and gloomy, and a dark and restless ambition was in the depths of his soul; but, after all, youth has always tits bxight side, and naturally seeks com panionship; therefore it followed that, there being none others of ecqual rank in the neighbourhood, Reginald and he were friends and companions, as well as cousins. But Walter had his way to make in life; and his uncle's influence having ob tained him an appointment in the house hold of Lord Clarendon, then Lord Chan cellor and Prime M?inister, as well as adviser, of the lately restored Eing Charles, he proceeded to London, where he remained until the pelebration of Reginald's coming of age, when he was invited by his uncle, Sir Roger to be a guest at the Chase during the festivities which were to take place in honour of ~the heir's majority. He had now been three years resident in London, and had witnessed the struggle for power and placa; and the dark and gloomy side of his character had gathered strength from the conflict between his naturally ambi tious cravings and the family circumstan cos and deficiency of pecuniary meains which curbed and thwarted them. True it was, he had for patron a powerful and favoured noble, b>ut he was oiily one armong many there were :numbers seek ing, like himejf, a name and place, but iios sof thenm iwe'i backed by relatives powerful at Curt;, or at least by those with whom Clarendon:wished to maintain friendship. Had he been rich, he might hlive wonlhis~ vay to rank and power; but he remembered that he was only the son qf a cointry t parson,- :i those days a despicable lass: .His :uncle, Sir Roger ?Mowbrey, was indieed a: magnate of the land, but his. import;bice was loceal- he had no political or :Coirt influence; and it was only fromi remminbrance oilf omer pr'endship that he btainied fim Lord Clarendon the attach6~hip which Walter now held. Brooding on his own despon .dent thoughts, wh~ile still cherishing his ambitious hopes, his one-and- twenitieth birthday'arrived; but for hiln there was no festi.re gathering, none around hiui knlew or cared for such a dote He hail n.o loving mother oir gentle osister to send gffeetings of affection; his :-father hadl died since he left home, and only one b.rother, still a schoolboy, remained to him. But he was remembered it the Chase; Reginald despatched a messeinger with letters of kind congratulation fromn himself and Sir Roger, and a .renewed inlvitation to Mowbrey for Reginaldhi's birthday, which was only a month later than his own. The heart of the young man was neither soothed nor softened by the receipt of these missives of affeotion; on the con trary, a deeper concentration of bitter ness,.a deadlier ambition, fastened on I liis soul. He hated Reginald, who alone stood between him and all that he coveted; for the lands, though not the title of Mowbrey, would be his, were his cousin not there to possess them. A fair. day, in ': the leafy month of June," a sun warm but not scorching, a breeze balmy and caressiig, blessed the birthday festival,, and atnoon, when the tables (loaded after the fashionof the time) had not yet beqopme places of con cealmert for the prostrate guests, when, as yet free from intoxication, visitors and retainers rose to drink the young heir's health, " It w'as a sight the careful brow might: smooth, And make age smile, and dream itself to youth." There was the glad father, proud of his: handsome heir, who, though not trained in courts, had from nature a graceful and dignified bearing, which, .united as it was with a sweet. suavity of manner, made him- irresistibly attractive to all who knew him: Among the most honored guests were Atniabel his betrothed, and her father, Squire Ellice, of the Grange, who was. as rejoiced to see the day as though Reginald had been his own son; and was he not indeed soon to be very near to him in relationship, as he had -always been in affection? for the two fathers had ever been as brothers, and the firm adherence of each to the royal cause, when such adherence was danger ous, haa riveted the chains of their friendr ship. The mutual love of their children had been the crowning of their hopes, and for the young pair they hoped for a peaceful bliss which they themselves had not known in their youth, convulsed as the times had been in struggles between the royalist and republican parties. *But the sun has spots, and unmarked, this festive gathering was looked upon evil eyes. Walter Leppard had been for the last week at Mowbrey, and each day had added more rancour to his thoughts; he had given way to the evil impulses of his mind, and they had gained strength and vigour. Circum stances had given shape to his dark imaginings. Wandering alone the day before the birthday-for Reginald had gone to Ellice Grange-in a copse at some little distance from the house, he had thrown himself at the foot of a tree, and was listlessly watching the clouds float past, when, hearing a sound, he looked up, and saw approaching a man of some four-and-thirty years, who ap peared to be mad with rage. He raised his clenched fist, and shook it wildly at the empty air; his face was inflamed with anger, and his eyes were bloodshot and fierce. As hre came nearer, Wal~ter could hear him utter threatenings of re venge, and on his close approach re cognised a groom whom he had seen when he was last at the village hostelry. The man stopped when he saw Walter, and so furious was he, the youngman almost feared him as he looked up and saw the passion in his countenance. "Ay!" he thundered out, "one of the accursed race, though he's only a drivelling parson's son !" But Walter had the family quality of animal courage, and rising as he heard these words, he looked steadfastly at the enraged man, who in his turn appeared subdued by the calmness of the gentle man, whom he was about to curse and threaten, and perhaps maltreat. "You are angry, my man," said Walter; " have you been dismissed from the ser vice of mine host of the Grange? and why are you so furious with those of my race ?" " Dismissed by Giles Humfrey! nay, he knows better than that; but an' he did dismiss me, there are plenty would be glad of Will Franklin in their stables, ay, even Sir Roger himself, though his fine young heir has done me so ill a service with Mistress Annabel. But I'11 be revenged, that I will !" His anger was again about to leap into action, when Walter said, catching at the sound .' The heir, my cousin Reginald, you mean; what harm has he done you?" " Harm, nay, he has dealt me the hardest blow I am ever like to have. You haven't been here, Master Leppard, to hear the talk in the Hall and village; but Mistress Annabel's maid, Phyllis, -bad given me her promise, to wed me next Martinmas, and we were well known for sweethearts in all Mlowbrey, when Master Reginald takes on him to tell Mistress Annabel that I had an ill name, and had had an hand in thl drown ing of the idiot lad last year in the Flint stream, when I were only a Ulooker-on; And why should I prevent the people's sporti ? What use were that poor fool to any one ? But last evening, when I went to the .Grange, tlhinking I should per haps see my lass, sure enriugh she came to speak to me, but it were only to say she must have no more to say to me; I were not the man she thought I was. And then she whimpered, and stammered that she wondered the ghost of poor, Joyce didn't haunt me." "' But," interrupted Walter, '" how do you know it was my cousin who made reports of you ?" " Ay, there it is; no one else would dare to say anything of me, they know me to well; and Phyllis, when I pressed her to know who had done me the ill t;urn, grew frightened, and told me it -were Master Reginald, and she was sure he would say nothing ill of any one, un lessit were true. But as I say, and I don't care who hears me, I'll have my revenge, for all he's a great heir. How would he like any one to come between him and Mistress Annabel ?" Had the demon of evil thoughts and hopes put on bodily appearance, and come to tempt Walter to evil act? Some such idea cro~sed his mind as he looked at the man before him, ready for any deed that would gratify his vindictive fee!ing; anld his own covetous longings for the possession of Mfowbrey seemed to go hand in hand with the peasant's lust of ievenge, What if 'this man slew Reginald, would he not then be It least heiin, if niOt actuial master of great pos sessions ? a'ind would he not then be able to ret?in to. London, no longer depen dent on the favor of a courtier; could he not himself outgo the craftiest statesmen in the game of diplomacy, and win that political power he longed for P And Annabel too, once Reginald were removed might she not in time be induced to transfer lier affection to himself ? He had seen no London beauty like her, in her natural and unsophisticated loveli ness; she had been the object of his boy ish preference three years before and but for Reginald, she might have loved him With these thoughts rushing through his brain, the wily young man, whilst seeming to turn away with the wrath of the elder, only inflamed and fed it; so that when they parted there was more of settled hatred. in Franklin's heart to wards Reginald, though outwardly he was calmer. But blinded as he was by his own feelings, he saw that Walter Leppard would not inwardly disapprove. any mischief brought against his cousin. " Ay," said thle man, in a deep growl ing voice, " parson's hon would like me to help him tob Mowbrey Chase', and keep his own neck safe the while." I)aik andbitterwasthe conflictinthemind of the young man as he returned to the Chase ; butbefore he entered it, his mind was made up: he had considered his uncle's -anguish, shbuld .anything hap pen to his only son;the kindness -of father and son tohimself,-.he had put these in the scale with his own plans of self-aggrandisement and ambitious schemes, and he had inclined the balance to himself. He resolved to compass leginald's death in some way which would not recoil upon himself; and what better means could he have than the vengeance of the man from whom he had just parted? Yes,. he would so influence Franklin's passion, whilst he appeared not to do so, that, mad with rage, when Reginald crossed his path he would slay him, When his cousin was fishing in the secluded meadow through which the Flint ran, he would contrive that Frank lin should~come upon him, and in the com bat for life, he knew that the giant strength of the peasant would overcome the more feeble frame of the gentleman. To be continued. 