QUEEN ELIZABETH AND HEB DEFENDERS. REVIEW. HISTORY OP ENGLAND FROM TUE FALI, OP AVOLSET TO THE DKFEAT OP THE SPANISH ARMADA. By James Anthony Froudo, M.A. Reign of Elizabeth. Vols. 5 and C. London : Longmans and Co. 1870. THERE is great gratification in store for those who tako an interest in tho vexed questions regarding tho character and motives of Queen Elizabeth and her royal victim, tho unfortunate Mary Stuart. From the perusal of Mr. Froudo'anow volume, "ThoReign of Elizabeth " most readers, will, wo feel assiircd, rise with tho conviction that they had never before been placed in u position to rightly understand the subject. Mr. Froudo has not only put a fresh com- plexion on old facts, but ho has brought many most important mattera beforo tho public for tho first time. Tho Times, in an elaborate review of tho work says : Mr. Froudo's history of tho reign of Queen Elizabeth, and Mr. Hosack's Mary and her Accusers, form so oppo sito an illustration of tho old allegory of the knights who saw the gold and silver shield, that it is impossible not to notice tho coincidence. In tho lifo of the famous Herbert of ßomerton, brother of Lord Herbert of Cher bury, it is said, in excuse for the very rapid ' passion of tho pious maiden who became his wife after a three days' acquaintance, that she had heard and thought so much of hor husband before Bho met him " in tho flesh," and approved so thoroughly of all ho did and wroto, " that Jane became so much of a platonic, as to love Mr. Horbert unBeoen." Thia Psyche sort of love ia not confined to tho weaker sex, nor does it vanish under tho betraying lamp of scrutiny. Enamoured of his ideal, Mr. Froudo has consumed much wasted oil and learning in examining the character of Elizabeth as effecting tho events of her reign ; and though ho nssorts, and, indeed, goes far to prove, that she had nearly every defect possible, cither to her own or tho opposite sex, his mame of tho crowned virago's quali- ties resembles nothing so much os the old English ditty in which tho Bwain declares, nt tho end of a long list of his mistress's discouraging errors, that, neverthe- less, "Phillis is his only joy." Tho time is happily gone by when tho actions and passions of Boyal person- ages were supposed to bo too sacred for criticism, and thc touch or Boyal fingers was deemed a cure for scrofula Thc once daring and doubtful adage that "a cat may look at a king," is accoptcd as a truth in this our day, and not only do we assort our privilege to watch thc present " in the hot light that bents upon a throne," but our great writera,liko literary policomon, ore continually flashing a bull's-eye lantern on the past, making crmpulsory discoveries of tho most astound- ing nature in the Record-office, and upsetting aU our painfully acquired notions of the rulers and the ruled. Tho days are ovor whon Bacon (defending patents) called Elizabeth (even ns Raphaol oalled thc Fornarina " mia occhi ") " Uer Majesty, whose eyes arc the candles of our good days," when Mr. Secretary Cecil bitterly complained in Parliament that tho members were not "secret among themselves," affirmed that "whatso- ever was subject to publie exposition could not bo good," and marvelled that "Parliament matters wero openly talked of in tho streets," for that ho had heard words to that effect "spoken aloud, ho hoing in his coach," to all which ho appended a hopo that such publicity wo* not through tho indiscretion of any mem- ber of tho House ; " for tho world is apt to slander, most especially tho Ministers of Government." Those days of aoorcsy and of browbeating aro ended. But , there still remains among careless readers of tradi- ' tionory glory, emanating from those particular " can- 1 dlca of good days," the Queen's oyes. Our boyhood j and youth aro passed in gleaning phrases which our \ manhood acarcoly rejects aa inapplicable. The glorious days of Queen Bess, tho Golden Age of England, the . Virgin Queen, and tho Spanish Armada aro sounds of i triumph in our brains, with about os much distinct ' meaning as the popular cry of " Hip, hip, hurrah 1 " ] in an excited mob. "Wo know now that whatever tho : remarkable events of that remarkable reign may have ! been, tho ruler for tho timo was principally welcome ! as tho Protestant successor of Bloody Queen Mary ; ¡ that, although the Bum of her murders and torturings ( of Boman Catholics Bcnrcely equalled, oxcept in, Ireland, tho rival list of murdered Protestants in her half- sister's reign, the samo systom was pursued, tho same cruelties practised, the samo bitter compul- sion attempted over tho intangible freedom of belief, excused only by an attempt to prove that all variation of creed involved political rebellion as its necessary and inevitable result. "We know that this Protestant Ruler had no fixod_ religion,-nor cared for religion, except inasmuch as it affected her sovereignty ; that thia Virgin Queen of Shakespeare's llattery was, as described in Mr. Motley's " History of tho Netherlands," "a Queen who, to loose inoráis, imperious disposition, and violent temper, united as inordinato a personal vanity os ever was vouchsafed to woman." We know that this " glorious Queen Bess," after a lifo of moan hypocrisy, grasping avarice, and gross ingratitude to every friend and every Minister, by whoso love or loyalty she had profited, made a muiuur ing, timorous, struggling, and ignoblo end, oppressed by hypochondriac faucies and deserved remorse. _ "Wo know that while her imprisoned and worn-out rival, j Mary of Scotland, met death with the dignity of a monarch and tho prayers of a christian, (whatover may have been tho doctrinal errors of her faith), this free English Queen met death as a Dubarry, who could not escape God's sentence of extention. While bodily strength lasted, swearing, scolding, striking her maids of honour, obstinately refusing medicine, growling ot the friends, who, in Bohun's language, " did aU they could to console and please her," and, when bodily strength bad failed, sitting for days together on cush- ions on the floor, with her linger m her mouth and her eyes bent on the ground, till she died," and was buried buried at an expense of £17>428 ; and her ransacked wardrobe (afterwards given by King James to a needy Scotch laird) attested her feminine love of finery by I countless sets of jewels and upwards of two thousand ' different dresses. But still, say her defenders, it was Britian's golden age. Consider tho eminent men-tho poets, tho writers, the discoverers, tho heroes of that day. They swarmed, they multiplied, they shone as a galaxy of stars in the sky ! Certainly they did, but the curious question is how that can be set to the merit of Èlizabotb. As well credit Pope Leo X. with tho birth of remarkable artists and men of learning in his time ; or credit even the cruel, child- slaying Herod with the teaching of that mild message of peace and good-wiB to men which first shone in his evil day, never to set again while this troubled world shall endure. "But she encouraged and fostered " (that is the word) "fostered learning, and knew how to choose wiso Ministers and keep them in power." Assuredly. No one evei\disputed the shrewdness of Elizabeth-shrewd- ness, the most servile of aU tho varying species of human intelligence ; the first remove above instinct. She was shrewd aud shrewish. In Froude's own words. " Sho never chow e a straight ceurso when a crooked ono was-open to her." Nature intended her for a Mrs. MaBham, a Court favourito ; but destiny crowned her a Queen ; and from that pedestal «ho looked down and saw what men she could mako useful as Ministers, what men she could tempt and flatter into lovers, whom she could slay, whom she must appease, and whom she could defy with impunity. Tho Due d'Aumale, in his opening to thc "Lives of the Princes of Conde," after affirming that " lc 10 itme siècle des grands caractères, comme l'age mirant cst celui des beaux génies," observes that although history, cannot be ruled by formulas and strict definitions of that sort, yet, if we compare the period that extends from the accession of Francis I and Charles V. to tho end of tho Thirty Years'"War with the reign of Louis XIV., we shall bo struck by the wonderful difference of tho emi- nent men of these two epochs. But, except in the possibility of leisure which pcaco may afford, or the certainty of social disturbance which war must bring, eminent men of any reign can depend but little on tho accident of who is their nominal ruler. From time to time on tho intellectual spirit of this world, as on its material surface, bursts of sunshine smile forth; light from minds which are "in advance of their age." Such men neither como at our call, nor stay for our strong desire, nor drop mantles of prophetic glory for cager inheritors when their light goes out in death. Shakespeare, and Spenser, and " raroF^en Johnson," the adventurous and Eiratical Drake, and the courtly Baleigh, wiso "Walsing am, and the wiser Cecil, and a host of othcra owed nothing of their natural claims to distinction to Eliza- beth, though she owed much to them, in tho splendour thoy cast over her reign. She found them in her Eng- land, and she took them, as sho took all things she could grasp for her own advantage; for the "Oreat Queen" was the incarnation of selfishness. Her wilfulness nt times and her irresolution at others, of which Froudo gives so ninny glaring instances, aU proceeded from that source. "When once any human being sets asido tho great rules ef what is riiiht or wrong, just or unjust, for the small rule of what will " answer," tho compass that should guide life is lost. She stood out when she thought it would answer, and sho gave in, when Bbe thought it would answer. There is no trace of a strong principle in any action of her long sovereignty. Even the instances of her supposed willingness to oblige " her,loving subject " can bc traced to this one defect. Queen de facto, and affectintr a security in her title which she n«ver really felt, she was in truth making a perpetual canvass among her quondam electors Tho offence she gave by rewarding unworthy favourites and needy peti- tioners, by granting patents and monopolies, no sooner rose to such an height as alarmed her, .than BIIO ' expressed entire willingness to sweep them all away. Cecil's speech on tho occasion, as reported in Towns, bend's collection, is remarkable for ita apparent abandon, and a gay and jaunty tone which may remind its readers of a deceased and lamented statesman who ; onjoyed the largest popularity of any Ministor in . England. i Tho caso with which Elizabeth's English subjects I woulil vote money ior tho thrifty Queen (thrifty princi ; pally, if not solely, when she should have been liboral : may be seen in another debate speech of Cecil's on the) occasion of raising a subsidy for war with Spain. " It had been said by a member of this House (Sir Franois j Hastings) that ho knew some poor pcoplo pawn their pots and pans to pay tho subsidy. . . This I know that neither pots nor pans nor dish nor spoon Bhould be i spared when danger is at our elbows." And on Sir Walter Raleigh hotly saying that ho thought it bad I policy to lot tho enoiny know of our selling pots and I pans to pay subsidies, "as arguing poverty in the State," the Minister, after shrewdly hinting that the Queen would not dissolve Parliament till the matter was arranged, spoke as follows : "For that which I said, touching the Spaniards knowing of the salo of our pots and pans, which should by A matter of po Icy to whicb the gentleman on my left hand (Slr Walter Haleigh) took exceptions, I say lt's true, anet yet I am mis- taken. For I say it's good tho Spaniard should know how willing wo are to sell our pots and pans, and all wo have, to keep him out. Yet I do not say lt is good he should know we (lo sell them; that Is, I would have bim know our willing- ness to sell (though thero bo no need), but not of our povertv of selling, or of any necessity wo have to sell them, which Ï think none will do, neither shall need to do." Then stood up n most loyal and enthusiastic gentle- man, one Serjeant Heale, and made a speech, say- ing : "Mr. Speaker, I ilo marvail much, that thu Houso will stand upon granting of a subjidy, or tlietimoof payment, when all we have is Her Majesty's : and she may lawfully, at her pleasure, toko it from us. Yea, she has as much right to all our lands or goods as to any revenue of her Crown. At which tho llouso hammed and laughed, and talked. Well, (quoth Serjeant Heale), all your humming shall nut put mo out of countenance. Tho speaker interfering to preserve order, tho said Serjeant iirocccdcd, and when ho had spoken altttlo while tho llouso hummed again, and ho sat down." But, hum and laugh as they might, there was never a time in England when Monarchical Government approached BO nearly to the exercise of despotic power as in tho reign of tho Throned vestal, who declared that in her realm "thero should bo but one mistress and no master." For all Elizabeth's defects Mr. Froudo has, as wo havo remarked, unbounded, plenary indulgence. Bless- ings, absolution, and (if wo may be permitted to say so) Jesuitical excuses accompany tho narration of every evil act or false position in her reign. He admits that BIIO was violent, vain, deceitful, selfish, jealous, intolercnt, arbitrnry, and ungrateful ; but ho says she was, nevertheless, a grout Queen. And he lays down one rather startling proposition in explnnation of that opinion,-namely, that she " acted aa a woman " : "If she was often insincere, oftsn dishonest, often mean, her object was at worst moderately good, and frequently supremely wiso ; and tho details of her manouvres may be Imif pardoned for thc general rectitude of lier purpose. She acted as a woman. She broke faith as man could never have done without compromising for over, and irredeemably, his character for honour and truth. It is hnposslblo tn feel equal resentment ot tho worst actions of Elizabeth. Thu circum- stances of her situation, her sex, and tho temper that was born with her, bespeak forbearance, which it ls just, if it bu difficult, to extend towards her." She would have made, in short, a base and most pernicious king, but, being a woman, wo cannot wonder at her short-comings in all tho nobler qualities of heart or head. Aro tliero no ghosts of excellent and heroic women to protest against a sentence more bitter than I anything Knox over thundered forth in scorn of female sovereignty t It should indeed, bo consolatory to the sex, whoso unwise and exaggerated claims for equality aro at present the theme of daily ridicule, to know how little is expected of them. And it must be com- forting to royal ladies to be assured that such defects do not diminish admiring loyalty. But wo deny tho truth of tho proposition in both its aspects. There is no reason a woman should not have tho mental courage and honesty of a man, and our chief objection to Eliza- beth is, that sho is not womanly. Wo do not mean in tho minor points of description with which Mr. Froudo's presont instalment of .history open» : "Sharode, shot, jested, and drank beer ; spat and swore, upon occasions : swore, not like a comOtmakora wife, but round, mouth-filling oaths which would have satisfied Hotspur, -tho human character showing always througu tho Ttoyal robes, yet with tho cpicenly dignity never so impaired that liberties could bo ventured in return." We are willing to believo that the same ago which | I witnessed tho creation of Shakespeare's etherial fancies, his gentle Desdemona and spirited Beatrice, his play ! ful Bosalind and sweet Cordelia, with the low voice ! which her kingly father pronounced to bo such an 1 " excollent thing in woman;" Spenser's puro dreams ' of loveliness, and all tho refinod poetry of the tunes co-cxistod with such a social state of semi-barbarism I that a Qucou's manners might be those of tho " Grand Duchess of Gerolstein," os represented by Madama '. Schneider, without detracting from her dignity. But I wo cannot ndmit that tho ruler acted only " ns a i woman " who sent mon to tho rack, to bo tortured, torn to pioocs, and disembowelled ; who read of tho wholesalo slaughter of women and their babes, tho blind, tho aged, and idiots, during tho struggle in Ireland, with perfect indifference andcomposurc; whoso reverence for tho roligiou sho professedly upheld was shown in making Dr. Deej tho quack astrologer, Chan I cellor of St. Paul's, and giving him two church livings ; j in tolling tho Bishop of Ely sho would "unfrock him I by God," if ho would not surreudor n coveted estato to I dancing Sir Christopher Hatton ; in swearing such. herriblo oaths that tho French Ambassador " shuddered to hear her," and her own Minister peevishly wished she would " trust less to fortune, nnd moro to God Almighty,"-in thc same spirit that made Drummond, the historian of Scotland, write to a doubting and superstitious friend-" Trust in the First Cause, God Almighty, and scorn vain prediction !" Wo cannot admit that Bhe acted only " na a woman " in being false alike to men and,nations-to Ireland, to France, to Spain, te the Netherlands, io Scotland, and to the beat friends and Ministers she had in her own subject realm ; nor that a Queen can be termed "great" of whom the French Ambassador truly declared that years of experi- ence had taught h'm Elizabeth would promise anything, and yet be utterly indifferent to the performance of what she promised ; that if she intended to continue her tricks, he would not act or write, she must " use paper and ink of her own." "VVe cannot call her "great " of whom the Spanish Ambassador declared ho was " sick of her wheedling gipsy ways," and the Eng- lish Minister that there was n moan of indignation at the countless instances of her broken faith-a Queen who cheated and grasped, and drove bard bargains, " sold up " her old lover Leicester's goods when he died, to repay herself money which she affirmed she had lent him ; loathed his wife and spited her, though she would not marry the Euri hersolf ; and sat crowned at a New Year festival in a coronet of jewels which she knew was part of the booty of Drake, proceeds of a thoroughly swindling transaction, directed and arranged by her- self, respecting the cargo he had brought home. How will Mr. Froudo, notwithstanding the fervid eloquence of partisanship, of which he is so potent a master, reconcile his own deliberate expression that she was to be " credited with à general rectitude of purpose," and the scornful epitaph he afterwards applies with refer- ence to the same Queen, " that stained rag she called her honour." Neitliorcan wo accept another axiom from this vehe- ment defender of the Protestant Ruler, or forbear to hope that our wives and daughters will by no means receive it as a gospel message,-namely, that Elizabeth was " too clover to be simple and straightforward ;" leading to the following very startling and as it appears to us, most illogical conclusion : " How she worked In detail, how uncertain, haw vacillating, how false and unscrupulous sho could be when occasion tempted, has appeared already, and will uppenr moro and more, but her object In itself was excellent, »nd those who pursue high purposes, through crooked ways deierve betteJ of mankind, on tho whole, than those who pick their way in blameless inanity, and if innocent of 111, are equally innocent of good." As we had always iiumagined the absolute rule to be that wo should not do evil thau good may come. At the rate of opposite reasoning adapted by Mr. Froudc, even the private assassination of Mary, tho captive Queen of Scots, might be held excusable ; and, indeed, it would seem that auch is his opinion, for, after tolling us tho circumstances which followed tho bringing for Elizabeth's signature tho warrant to execute that hapless rival, and recording the dim dreadful hint, afterwards made horribly clear, that Sir Amy is Paulet and Drury might kare warfe the warrant unnccccsarii, one more of tho startling propositions with which Mr. Froude's work abounds meets tho amazed eye of the riader : "Tho situation was perfectly intelligible. Elizabeth's con- duct was not noble, but it was natural and pardonable. Tho welfare of the country required an act of severity which Bho would herself havo gladly dispensed with. The world, if she commanded it herself, would reproach her with per- sonal vindictiveness, and she shrunk from encountering a charge which sho knew to be unjust." "Elizabeth's conduct was not noble, but it Teas natural and pardonable I " Is it possible to accept | records of past times from a hand, however masterly j and experienced, which can deliberately set down such an opinion? Tho one-sidedness of Mr. Fronde's view of all historical events, the passion and the prejudice, 1 the scorn and the. fervid approval, the picturesque descriptions and fierce denunciations, give a charm to his writings which ia unequalled in its effect on tho reader. But tho fault of this burst of forensic eloquence tlds glorious effort at Bpecial pleading, is that it is not spoken at the bar but on the bench. A historian is bound to collect and sift evidence with what' calm impartially the weakness of human nature wil' permit. Mr. Froudo has dono much, but this he cannot do, and what tho French General affirmed of our charge at Balaklava, " C'est magnifique mais cc n'est pas fa guerre," may be applied with a slight variation to the work ho has given us. It is magnificent writing, but it is not history. He says well and truly-and ho says it with a spasm of impatient regret-that " English history wiU continue probably to the end of timo to represent the treatment of Mary Stuart, which, if it erred at all, erred from the beginning on tho side of leniency and weakness, as the one indcliblo stain on the reputation of the groat Queen." It is the ono indelible stain on the reputation of that Queen ! It would bo easy to take up thc special pleading on tho other side, to take Mary's alleged crimes, to dispute them, to remind him that of the famous "casket letters" nothing was ever proved genuine but tho casket itself ; no address, name, date, or seal being sot to any one of them ; that Darnley's mother acquitted Mary of knowledge of her son's murder ; that poor Bizzio, the little sallow Italian described by the French Ambassador as " laid, marne, ct malplaisant, " was not believed by Mary to bo stain as her lover, but ai a political foe, and was probably welcome to her, as Ronsard was welcome in the houso of her fathor, whero ho held much tho samo position. No one accused Mary of being enamourod of Ronsard. Ho is always spoken of as if he were a groybcarded Merlin. Yet he waa only seventeen yoars her senior, a very handsome and stately person. The David of our feminine Saul waa precions to her. His music bad in it thc echo of thoso "good old days" which the late king of the Belgians once smilingly said meant " tho good young days"-days when Mary had not yet come to dwell among savage and turbulent foos ; nor can wo doubt that many a woman may yoarn for a friend who is too disenchanted and unhappy todo aught but repulse a lover. Her marriage with Both- well is the crowning accusation "against ber. But Mr. Hossack and a host of other commentators con- sider her abduction by that iron soldier to have been real. She had onco resolutely exiled him. She had loved Darnley. Tho French Ambassador described the ' honeymoon of that luckless marriage, whose summer days of July,-warm as Mary's passion, end fair as the husband's effeminate beauty. They had a blood-red sunset, and no recurring dawn ! Rizzio murdered, Darnley murdered, the rebel Lords returned,-who shall say how much of terror, despair, and wild reliance ca«t her in tho shipwreck of her lifo on Bothwell's sterner nature for protection, and earned him that bitter gratitude expressed in the poet's Une Amid the faithless faithful only thou! (TO BE CONTINUED.) 