FIOKINGSFROMMELBOURNE PUNCH WAITING FOR THE COIN. I Air— 'Waitinsforthe Mav.'M An i our eyes are weary waiting, Waitinfr for the coin. . Month by month MJVs delay it. Month bv month refuse to Dav it. while our duns are round us rating. Waiting for the coin. Ah I our eyes are weary waitir,?, WaitiDg for the coin. ? Here we are, delayed contractors, Waiting for the 'tin;'' Clerks about in seedy raiment, Watching hungry for their payment; ^ Treated just like malefactors By the powers within. . Here we are, delayed contractors. Waiting for the ** tic.' Jews are hanging, Jew-like, round us. Waiting for the cash. Fellows, angry as the devil With the Service called the Civil, ! By their looks and words confound us— ' : We must pay or 'smash.' -- ' Jews are hanging, Jew-like, round us, ?? Waiting for the cash. ?Bailiffs [coming in the distance, . Coming to be paid, ' . Beanngwita them writs of judgment, Make us (tuake for fear of lodgment. Should soon be where poor existence Lies in penal shade. 'Bums' are coming in a distance, Coming to be paid. Legulaton, why delay us. Waiting for our ' screws V We must 'meet' the butcher, baker, Landlord, grocer, and bootmaker; Therefore, members, haste to pay us Long-expected dues, legislators, why delay tis. Waiting fer our ' screws f ' Memoir of Tom Thumb.— This gentleman is a dwartist by profession. As he is very short with all his friends, some think him abrupt Thinking himself some pumpkins, his carriage is shaped like one. He was oorn. it is believed, on the shortest day in the tallest country in the world fie has the rank of a General, but it is uncertain whether he ever took the field, except in a bet. He has a Nutt with him, but not Colonel; and as the Nutt is a very eccentric person, some think that he is cracked. The General is a married man. It is said that his sighs gamed the lady, as he was hopelessly in love with her. He has come to th;3 colony merely upon a diplomatic errand, but his relations (particularly his sister-in-law) are said to be friendly. He is a jolly sort of fellow ; but the Commodore, owing to his diminutive stature, is the low comedy man of the party. I QOEWES FOR THE ClVIL SERVICE.— 1. Which is ', the capital of the animal kingdom ? 2. What is the capital of the vegetable Kingdom, and how j much I 3. Can the smell of spirits above proof be ? de ected ! 4. How many constitute a quinary j number of paricarps ! 5. What kind of railways ? where the lines of Horace -. t-. Are volunteers ' ever comic sections .' ; Cons. Vabious.— When is a Ueneral like a , piano i— 'When he is in the van. Why is a ' Irishman good to drink J— Because he is a Celt, ' Sir (seltzer). When is a merchant neither upright nor dona straight t— When he only does business when he gets a slant. How does a poetical foot in three syllables make a jounc lady troublesome? —It makes As(N)-a-pest Who was the first lish-wife-— The mermaid. A Buteb Lot.— The Gauls. To A T.-What kind of cricketer would a tea drinker make I— A sloe bowler. DlBECTIONS FOR MAKING A WILL.— A will cannot be made in language too simple or coucise. If therefore you have nothing to leave, don't do it, but console yourself with the fact that having naught to leave does not make you a naughty man. Should you have anything to leave, pay due attention to the plant and*' do write?' remember that where there is a will there is a way, and the ways of wills should weigh heavily on the mind. I Property is divided under two heads— real and personal. Seal property consists of land, houses, investment?, &e.;— but the earth, in the flowerpots cannot be considered as land, nor the houses your infant plays with the same as bricks and mortar, nor the investments in burst-up mines valuable. Personal property may consist of old boots, worn out idea?, and bad habits; these had better be left alone. Personal property may be real as the hair on your head; but if you. wear a wfg, calling it real property is a false idea. Marriage, after making a will, renders it void; for as a natural consequence, after a man marries he has no will of his own. Should any further information be required, consult a willing solicitor. UNSUITABLE FOR JtWiTLERY.— The 'jet' of water. Diamoitd Weight.— 16 parts, 1 grain— but how many parts of our legislative administration fail to show one. single grain of common sense; it's against the grain. 14 grains, 1 carat— this does not please housekeepers; they object to the carrot being to small. ^Tbe Convivial Question.— If the United Kingdom Alliance could succeed in destroying the liquor trade, they would destroy intellectual society, llow lonp could even the cleverest men endure each other's conversation if they had no wine to sit and talk over/ uoss. When is a reef sure to be a paying one?— When it's auriferous (a reef for us). What river resembles a hen-pecked husband:— The Jordan (jaw'd 'un). What itable is best for the morning?— The breakfast (Stable. . When is a drunkard at warm work {—When he's (s)wetting (sweating). ? When is a 'baby not a baby?— When it's a-bed. If He Likes.— A friend of our?, lately returned from Tasmania, says he is weary of seeing pretty fdrls. Hewantstoknonr if the sensation may be colled fa&itude.; A OUOSrr THAT OUGHT TO BE LAID. (Dedicated to the Mayor and Council of Jlelbomme.) With the crown of Miasma, it spreadeth Its wings like a spectre lupreme. 'Tis the Demon of Ora n aud of Alley, And its face is a horrible dream. The breath of its no«trils is fever, With Sickness 'tis darkly arrayed. Itapresence is sapphur osir Kfcsprings— The Ghost that mght to be laid. Ihe dwellers in city and suburb Are pale from its poisonous breath ; I: looms orcr beautiful Melbourne. A terrible herald of Death. But where is our wise t'ity Council .' Does it sleep.' is it blind ? or afraid To lay with its pestilent minions The Ghost that ougU to be laid! Lo, Us wiuss arc the leaden-hued Typhus, T AndCholcia livid and black; Lite the shadow that passed o*er Egypt, , : It Coats with the dead on Us track. ._..„., Il» »tory means huiuaobereas«iHeo^ -., And sorrow that cannot he stayed; , I But they that have power, therlay do» , c . , , The Uhostthat W0,tt to belaid. /: ^BowJone will the city be burdened ?- ,;' ..??„,-?* With this iucubus? Councillors, iay. ; 1 1* Plague to be suffered to witker - , ' ' 'The'youthinusdayafserday? .,'.'.' ?Golsnakeoff jour apatby. masters!* '' '' ? 'Tia time that lh-» effort was made ' ' '' To drive from uur Btroets and our threshold* The Or.Git tb»t ingM to te laid. 