Jottings by the Way. [FItOM OUH TRAVELLING MSPORTEB.] i HURRAH ! for tho country ; Hurrah! for the Walesa bush again-I bound myself to behold you ones I more. Gums, pines, and oaks, I kiBS both hands to j to you ; graceful acacius I bow low to you; humbler I flora, I look down upon you with affectionate ad mi. ration ; greon fields, rich pastures, smiling orchards and vineyards, farms, gardens, and plantations, I salute you ; rivers and creeks, I dip my respectful feet ; old ocean, my brother, lot me hear your musi cal and powerful voice once again ;-but Btay, let nw shake myself-Pshaw ! The dust of all the house of England and half the nobility, is in my hair ; kin«i, George and William ; queens, Elizabeth and v]0'. toria; the dukes of York, Kent, and Sussex; William Pitt and Lord Castlereagh, have all for their streets have) contributed their quota to fill the oyes and clog the hair-but a wash, a scrub, gets rid of all the property I have in bydney, (in that form), and A very pretty and gently undulating country, ia a rich green dress, studded with costly or.-.aments ia the shape of farms, gardens.^ vineyards, and country houses, with a long straggling village in a broad valley; which village contains five places of worship; five public houses, one mill, several good private' dwelfings, a court house, and a railway station. Gentle and amiable reader, what's the village's namo? -Give it up ? " I'm not good at riddles." I'll explain a little more - There are several very pretty belles to be found in it, and in fact, being the third town in point of age in New South Wales. Belles have always camped here since it was a town. " Oh. I know now - of course - Cambelltown." So named after Mr. Macquarie, who was a Campbell. The public buildings of Campbelltown are of that order of archhitecture to which the Church of Eng- land, in King-street, and St. James', Melbourne, belong, and which may be termed the "Puritanical" \- substantial, but plain. Tho Roman Catholic Church holds as usual a com- manding position on the top of a hill, where it was originally intended to place the town ; but the town declined to go, and remained below. The church is lighted well by a double row of windows, admira- bly constructed for admitting sun and heat. The Church of England is lower down, more in the town, and is now undergoing repairs, the roof being renewed, and the tower at the west end raised six feet. This church, like the first named, has its own bourne attached, from which no traveller returns, after being borne to it. The Scotch Church is a plain little red brick build- ing, and a still more modest and unassuming little building - has this rather conglomerate superscriptic on one end,- Grand Concert, Wesleyan Chapel, Vote for Leary." A building of a more pretentious character claims attention, close at hand having a deeply recessed entrance, and being well lighted from the roof, this is the Congregational church. I was duly cautioned that any irreverent remark anent this edifice, would evoke direful indignation, in fact one member of par- liament had lost his seat by that same thing; not that I should consider this any great punishment, quite the other way ; and as for a seat, when I want one, I always take one ; yet I wouldn't like to hurt the building's feelings, and if it is so thin-walled as to feel every puff of sarcasm go through them, I am afraid the erection is not very safe. Stone of various kinds is got in this neighbour- hood, two miles east on the Spa creek ; a capital freestone, rather coarse in the grain, is obtained ; it is of a good colour and stands well. Another, one and a-half mile away, on the same creek, is finer in grain and darker in colour, presenting the arrisses extremely clean and sharp, being fit for any fine and ornamental work. Another sample, finer and closer still, comes from the Glenlee estate, four miles off; this stone has more clay still, and works up remark- ably fine, and is suitable for all internal work, but won't stand the weather. The quarry borders upon the basalt, from which the road metal is obtained. At the back of Mr. Booking's mill the slate formation is seen overlapping the freestone. Mr. Booking, who is miller, storekeeper, con- tractor, and agent in Campbelltown, informs me that the state of society, as regards sobriety here, is emi- nently satisfactory, a drunkard being a rare sight in the street, and the rations at the gaol for the supply of inebriates not amounting to ten shillings a quarter. Senior constable A. Berkelman, stationed here, and with whom I had some chat upon war news, is a soldier of the Crimea, having been at Inkerman, the Alma, Sebastopol, and Balaclava, being one of the survivors of the famous six hundred. Dr. Bell informs us that the air of Campbelltown is so salubrious that a medical man is unable to make a living in the district ; and even the dead revisit it, if the following ghost story be authentic, and it is undoubted by many. George Spicer, who was called across the road to tell me the story, says he was a shipmate of Fisher's (the tale being that of "Fisher's ghost") and came to the colony in 1818, about four years after which Fisher and Warren were partners, and the former returning from a four months' absence up the country, was murdered by Warren, who gave out that his partner had gone home to England, while he, Warren, kindly took charge of all the property. One Farley was returning home at night, partially intoxicated, when to his surprise he saw Fisher sitting on the side rail of the bridge (immediately in front of the mill, where I heard the story) ; says he, " Hullo, Fisher. I thought you was gone home. Fisher beckoned to him to follow, and proceeded down the little creek till he came to a certain spot, where Fisher dissolved and vanished, and Farley became instantaneously sober, and marked the spot, it never having struck him till then that Fisher was walking without his flesh. Farley created such a stir about it, that a black tracker was put on, who at once detected a scum arising on the surface of the water, which betrayed decomposing flesh below, say- ing-" There he lays ;" and sure enough the body of the murdered man was unearthed, Warren meet- ing his due reward, a form of law and a hempen cord. For nearly fifty years that bridge has been passed after dark, under protest, and with bated breath, by all tho juvenile members of this community, who are by no means perfectly assured that Fisher's ghost is well and truly laid. Quite a rural sketch of Campbelltown is to be taken from a ruined hut on a green rise to the south, md overlooking the whyla valley where, at the time Hook it, cows had Ju ,il rjuslv Placed themselves ir ¿j« various heraldic at it des of passant, resardant, .nd recumbent, but no t mpant. Here, I am told, : «hen tho h ut was habitu L a member of parliament, «llknown asan admiioi of natural scenery, was »ont to retire from the him: ts of men and shew the {Dd of meditation, and u maps, smoke the pipe of ''Three miles east of the town by the old dray road to Sydney, is found Mr. William Fowler's beautiful vineyard and grounds of Eschol Park. A canter through the balmy air, and along the old fashioned winding road, with hedges, and gardens, and fruit trees, just blushing into spring, brings me to a white gate and a narrow lane, then another gate and a young avenue which winds about and up hill to the bouse, which commands a very pretty view, and a most salubrious air. The house is exceedingly commodious, and well built in two storeys, with colonnade and balcony, and from the latter is quite a charming view of the undulating country around, just sufficiently timbered, and dotted about with farms snd superior residences, as Varroville (Judge Cheek's), Denham Court (Mr. Lester's); on the right the distant town may be seen, and the music of its bells heard on the Sabbath. The house is approached through an avenue of vines while closer about it, and sloping down from the front, is the flower garden, bordered by bananas, and having in the centre what will in a few weeks be a fountain before the entrance door. This property consists of 628 acres of mostly good land, twenty acres of which are under vinos, twelve acres of these being in full bearing ; and the vineyard (which is nine years old,) contains the fol lowing vines :-Reisling, Hermitage, Tokay, Mus cat (red, white, and black), Verdeilho, Blanchard (late grape), and Pineau (a species of Burgundy). The main body of the vines is detatched from the house on an opposite hill with an east and south aspect, and guarded by a German resident on this and on that side. Here the soil averages ten inches deep and rests on hard, grey trap and metamorphic rock. It is all shades, from chocolate to fiery red. and being hand trenched two feet deep, and having rubble drains averaging a chain apart, and dug at the most available places for removing standing or superfluous water beneath, the vines can hardly fail to flourish. The shoots they are now putting out show surprising vitality and vigour. The rubble drain is sunk fifteen inches deeper than the trench or three feet three inches from the surface, filled in to the depth of eight inches with broken stone, and covered up with brushwood. Th stakes are iron bark, tarred against the caterpillar, and in the earlier plantation placed 4ft 6in apart ; in the later 4ft 6in by 6ft 9in, with the view of trellissing on wire. The surface is worked by hand with the German two pronged hoe, and is remarkably clean. The grapes are just beginning to show, and a few strong shoots are already us high as the stakes, and preliminary tying up was going on, or rather twisting, for this tie is removed as the vine grows, and another made above, which bows the wood outwards, forming a cage for the fruit to hang in, where it is sheltered from the sun by the leaves, and from the hail by the vine. Since the oidium, which. Mr. Fowler considers a fungus, appeared, he has treated his vines every year after pruning with a dose of sulphur and lime, cemented with cowdung to make it adhere the ; longer, The proportions he uses are six pounds of flour of sulphur and six pounds slacked lime boiled in two gallons of water ; cool for half an heur and dir, then add eight gallons water and one bucket fresh cowdung ; stir, and it is fit for use. Apply it to the vines with a brush of stringy-bark. Dry sulphur is also applied with a pair of bellows, the nozzle of which is turned up trumpet-fashioD End fitted with a fine wire grating, which scatters the sulphur like a yellow cloud into the leaveB &Vove.; The wine-cellar-48ft by 24ft-is substan tidly built in brick, with lower walls of stone, and contains some really excellent wine, my favourite being the Madeira. The price is 21s a gallon fer mented, and 15s a dozen unfermented, which is the juice of the grape pure and simple for invalids, and our weaker brethren of the Temperance school. Thisnot very good-looking but very nice tasting wno, is obtained by boiling the juice in bottles, and corking while boiling. The fruit is preserved in the same way, and Mr. Fowler intends to enter the field of competition side by side with the imported article from England and America, by preserving the fruit of his garden (and others) which at present goes much to pigs. The wine press is one of the good old sort, large, stout, and strong, and having a divided receiver one for the fruit, and the other under the lever for the shells; but the enterprising and hard-working proprietor of Eshcol Park intends to try; a roller press with rollers cased in vulcanized India-rubber, to avoid, of course, crushing the seeds. The bottling-room is a detached brick building, each shelf capable of holding a hogshead of bottled fine, and here is a capital plan for purifying the bottles: An ordinary soft-goods case, lined with zinc,is fitted with three horizontal racks; these neks are filled with sixteen dozen inverted bottles, ana covered up; a small metal dish of buming sulphur is slid in on the bottom of the case, the rising fumes of which enter every bottle. The sulphur rags for testing casks are also made on the Premises. In taking leave of Eshcol Park and its owner, I am bound to say that Mr. Fowler is another of those useful colonists whose undertakings are alike crédit- able to themselves and serviceable to the colony, and many doubtless will ioin in wishing him every success. i was glad to find, in taking leave of Campbell : tho next morning, on my way to Douglas Park and Nepean Towors, that since I gave some accountof journey to Goulburn in December last, a refresh ment T>m has been opened at this station for public accommodation, and the train stops ten minutes, to allow tho said public time to tako advantage of it. Wollongong, 2nd October, 1870. frfîn5r F?0M BRISBANE TO GYMPIE.-A telegram 2IG 22tu ulti«uo is published in tho Brisbane YS ?fcas follows-.-Tho steamer Sir John wivW,NNB soveu feeet of water, entered tho »stir R¿yer°n Saturday last, crossing the bar at low »W'M.« i 18 »°w anchored off the new towhship, 'SoUJn b ft0m llGre, aud withil1 eight h0UrS I 