LITERATURE. MR. PEDGERS' HALF- CROWN A STORY FOR EASTEB. BY F. S. WIILSON, "Â ll tho world's a stage. And all tho men. and woixibu merely players." O they are !-but as each particular act of our strange* eventful history is played out, what becomes of the scenery ? Stored-away in the dim: recesses of the mind, are the scenes'which figured in the comedies and tragedies enacted in our everyday life-covered with the dust and - cobwebs of bygone years ; like the huge ' flats ' and 'wings' of the theatre, that lean with their bleared faces against the wall, until a repetition of the pieces for which they were originally intended, again calls them into requisition Yes, though unused, they are still in existence, and it merely requires the aid of the old scene-shifter, Memory, to adjust them in order to 'reproduce' °me of our startling early-life dramas. .. It is Good Friday morning, and the streets of Sydney are alive with vendors of 'hot-cross-buns,' who shout Out the praises and prices of their commodities as if life and death depended on their effecting a speedy clearance of their stock-in trade. Eager men, who seem to have slept in their clothes in order to be 'up in the morning early,' hurry along with huge baskets covered with snowy cloths ; or guide barrows pulled by ener- getic dogs, who seem to have quite as much an eye tb b\isiness as their masters ; even the blind men-who are engaged in the same branch of business-trudge along more confidently than usual : their very dogs seem to have a brightened expression of countenance, and lead their masters in the proper direction on this especial morning-contrary to the admitted practice of blind men's dogs in general. But, amidst the clamour and confusion! which prevails, is suggested to my memory a little interlude, in which I played rather a prominent part ; and the crowning incident of which was enacted in the good, old'hot cross bun 'time. Well, it was Wait abit!-just give that celebrated 'scene-painter.' Fancy, time to 'set'the scenes, and'to give them a little extra colour where the'lights'have faded; and then with the aid of the prompter, Memory, we shall get along swimmingly. The play is about to begin-the overture has commenced-the musicians play fast and furiously-the little stout gentleman with the ' first.fiddle,'and the individual with the drum are making frantic endeavours to pick up the 'time'-Hark ! a faint tinkle ! " Off with your hats in the front there ! Sit down, sit down, will you ! Don't you hear the bell ringing ?" The bell does ring, and the custain rises ; disclosing (as the play-bills have it) Scene 1st-A Village Landscape. . A. Village Landscape! where?'you exclaim in astonishment. Nevermind, kind reader-we will not enquire too closely as to its locality ; suffice it that it is the little spot where I first saw the light, and situated some fifty miles from the mighty heart of England London ! It was a place of some importance, too, in the eyes of the world-at least in the eyes of its own inhabitants ;.it boasted a public house, with a landlord as jolly and fat as landlords are always represented to be, which happy individual loved to sit at his own door, smoking a long pipe, and gazing admiringly at the swinging sign-board, on which was depicted something sup- posed to represent a lion-but which bore a striking resemblance to a scarlet wheelbarrow with four logs. "Underneath this glaring attempt at illustrating Natural His- tory, the artist, with praiseworthy foresight, had written-'The Bed Lion,' so as there could be no mistake about the animal ; and furthermore the board went on to state that within there was ''Good Entertainment for man and beast by Josiah Pedgers." My earliest ideas seem associated with an undertaker and a funeral. It was the funeral of my father, and the crowd of people who attended it quite filled our little front parlour. I remember wondering why they all kept so quiet, as if they were afraid of waking him before they got him safe off to the church-yard. I remember wondering, too-in my childish way-whether jolly-faced Mr. Pedgers was crying because my father was dead, or because he had lost à" good customer ; and also whether Mr. Black, the undertaker, was affected in the same manner because he had the trouble of burying him, and with what astonishment I picked up that worthy man's pocket handkerchief to find it not wet a bit; though he had been assiduously applying it to his eyes for an hour or so ! It was a dull, cold, cheerless, biting winter's morning as we -my mother, little Fan, and I-stood round the grave and listened to the kind old minister's voice, and the low, solemn sound of the clods falling on the coffin-lid; and I felt consider- ably relieved when we got back to the snug little parlour, with the merry, blazing fire, where we could sit cozy and comfortable, and listen to the hungry wind prowling up and down the streets, and the creak, creak, of Mr. Pedger's unintelligible sign-board as it swung hurriedly to and fro. That day I seemed destined to be unfortunate ; for in my en- deavours to creep round to where my sister was sitting on a footstool by the fire, I trod rather heavily on my uncle's toe, and in my confusion bumped my head against the glass he was ^conveying to his mouth, spilling the contents over his best broad-cloth suit. He frowned, but I wasn't a bit afraid of him when I sat down on the hearth-rug by the side of little Fan, and looked into the glowing caverns of the fire, fancying how that 'nublly ' lump of coal, sparkling and shining all over, looked like the jovial, good humored face of Mr. Josiah Pedgers ; and thinking how much that dark, unsociable piece that wouldn't burn, resembled the stern, harsh features of my uncle. It was pretty late in the evening when the ' company ' began to leave ; but when the door had closed behind the last, my uncle drew his chair closer to the fire, and commenced a con- versation with my mother. "Ahem ! " he began, clearing his throat-"bad job this, Lucy, for you and the children; very bad job-but still, take it as you will, it can't be helped now." Without replying,' my mother burst into a flood of tears, assisted by little Fan-whilst I, for to tell the truth I began, to feel pretty lonely now the company had gone, followed suit. "Now," continued my uncle, with the air of a dentist who tells you not to wince, while he is extracting a refractory 'grinder'-"now, I know it's very natural, and all that, and people will do it; but still there isn't the least sense in moping and crying after a person that's dead and gone. Now, look at nie !' Thus invited we all regarded him with a very .fixed stare, as if he was about to indulge in some very extraordinary, per- formance-"Yes-look at me ! " Ile, my uncle,, inclined his head in the direction of the church-yard-"he was my brother -the only one I had, but do I weep, ma'am? I might, but what's the use of it? To be sure Frank was a good, warm- hearted fellow-pity he hadn't a better notion of business-but I-well, well ; it's no. use blaming him now-but I will say that if he had attended a little closer to pounds, shillings, and pence, he might have died with the satisfaction of knowing he had left you in a better position to sustain his loss." . After this-for him-unusually long speech, my uncle took a long, very long 'pull' at his tumbler of brandy and water. My mother still wept on ; once, indeed, she did venture to remark about ' poor Frank' being «so unlucky.' "Tush! stuff and" nonsense ! " exclaimed her brother-in-law, half angrily, "that's the cry of the world, Lucy ; the mere cant of a class who will be poor-rather than forsake their thriftless habits. Unlucky!-no such thing! Business, ma'am, busi- ness-that is the key which opens the door to success ! Now there's Paul, there," he went on, looking at nie, with his cold, 'fish- like' eyes-"I dare say.if I trained hirf> up in; the way he should go¿ and he was to look out sharp and improve the ideas which I should instil, perhaps he might ride in his carriage one of these days, and thereby become an honor to himself and to his family; but let him follow his own inclination> and I'll ?warrant we'll see him living on in his father's hand to mouth style; and" marrying, and dying, and leaving his wife as poor ¡ and unprovided for as Frank appears to have left you-mind ! I don't wish to blame anyone that's dead and gone-because it's ' no use whatever doing so. Well, -what do you say, Paul, my boy ? what dd you think of a trade, eh ? how would you like to be a cleric, or a banker,-perhaps ! Eh ! what's your opinion? " I hesitated in giving my idea concerning a professsion; in fact, I didn't like the idea at all if it involved a patting with my mother and little Fan. . ' Moreover my inclinations wavered between an itinerant cut- ler who travelled the country, possessing knives of I don't know how many blades ! ánd an individual connected with a Punch's Theatre, and who-with the aid of a drum and set of Pandean pipes-formed the entire orchestra appertaining to that amusing and instructive drama. However,T decided ; in favour of the latter, when I remem- bered how little Fan had enjoyed the fun, when this man caught the doll flung out of the window by the enraged Punch ; so afierra little further hesitation I told my uncle that'if he pleased' I should liké to be the 'band',to a Punch and Judy. I shall never forget my poor mother's look of bewilderment, or my uncle's expression of anger and astonishment as I,made this startling announcement ! The look of the stern-featured judge, who confidently in- forms poor Punch that he is to be hung by the - neck till he is ' dead-dead-dead,'was nothing to it. At last his feelings burst forth with the exclamation of-" I thought so-this comes of the boy raking ; about the streets like a gipsy vagrant ; hunting af ¿er those infernal shows, instead oi being brought up in a respectable business-like manner!" and amidst my mother's tears and excuses for my childishness,] was bundled off to bed in disgrace, without being permitted tc kiss little Fan. There I tossed restlessly about, thinking afresh of the coldj damp graveyard where they had left-my father; and wishing that T might share his clammy, narrow resting-place, ratliei than become acquainted with the 'business- habits' which had rendered my uncle so cruel and callous-hearted. At last I fell asleep and dreamt that I had surreptitiously become acquainted with a travelling 'Punch'-how my uncle come after me in the guise of a burly beadle-and with what satisfaction I beat him over the head, and threw him out of the window ! Then I fancied they were; going to hang me-had placed the rope over my head-and I awoke in a great fright, to find instead of the fatal noose --my mother's arms around my neck, and her tears falling on my face. The sun had risen sufficiently high to peep over the short window-blinds, long, before I awoke from sleep; so, making a hasty toilet, I ran down stairs and joined the breakfast party. It was a silent, solemn, melancholy meal ; and so oppressive was the stillness, that even the hissing of the tea-urn, or the gur- gle of the steaming beverage trickling into the cups, formed a pleasant relief to the monotony. Young as I was, I had a vague perception-that this was but the prelude to something still more unpleasant; therefoie *I was not surprised when, at the conclusion of the meal, my uncle addressed hie iii a half stern- half-conciliatory manner. "I have had a conversation with your mother, Paul" he began-"as to the best means of putting you in a position to become a good and honest man: to attain this end we have de- cided on placing you at school' for three years, at the end of which time I hope to receive a good account of you. For the present-, your mother and your sister will remain here; in the meanwhile I shall not forget to look after your future prospects. Of course it will be an immense expense-an enormous expense to me, but never mind that,-take my advice, Paul ; stick to business, and we'll make a man of yoti yet! " Make a man of me!-if ever I required a little of what the world calls 'mannish' spirit infused into me it was at that particular moment. It was all very well for my uncle to talk in this off-hand and business-like style, of home and friends :-perhaps he didn't care for his family and home; at all events he was always there whether he cared for it, or not: but poor me! condemned to leave everything I had on earth to love--how the miles and miles of space would close behind me like the waves of the Red Sea, that closed behind the fugitive Israelites-and how per- haps they would blot out every recollection of fond hearts, and smiling faces-and Home ! How was I to exist without the love of my mother ?-how was I to live without the affection of little Fan, and the.beauti- ful smile and sparkling eyes of lovely Agnes-the miller's daughter ?-even ruddy-faced Mr. Pedger's seemed to come in for a corner in my heart ! And then the inanimate things-the dear, old cottage itself ! and the garden, with the poor little plants that I and Fan removed into separate beds once a fortnight, and wondered why they didn't thrive better with all this ' change of air ' ? Then there was the island in the middle oí the stream, with its fringe of bright green rushes, and the osiers bending over, and plunging playfully into the chiming waters-the deep quiet mill-pool-and the old mill itself, the home of dear,. gentle Agnes. However, my uncle's mind was made up,'.and, as 1 seemed rather undecided about it, he made Up my mind for me. He had a friend-(a kind, fatherly old, gentleman, he said) who kept a school about ninety miles from our village ; and tc the care of this .'?fátheriy. ' individual I was to be transferred a.1 the end of a'week ; in the meantime I was to be allowed to ram ble about the village as much as I-pleased. . One thing I rejoiced at exceedingly, and that was that mj uncle with.his cruel heart and''business-like ' face, was going home next day, and was going: to write to Mr. Craychook tin schoolmaster so that that gentleman might anticipate my arrivál And how. I did ramble. With my sister, and dearJ;gentl< little Agnes for companions I wandered among all my ole familiar scenes, which seemed to me to grow more beautiful thc nearer the day approached wherein I was to bid them all ' good bye' : I was up before the sun began to gild Mr. Pedger's sigh board ; and I was still rambling about the village or its vicinity when the pale-looking moon came flitting over the tiled roof o: Mr. Pedger's hotel-I refrained from taking my meals unti hunger could be no longer restrained, then devouring them witl avidity, I rushed out to again renew my wanderings. How quickly the days passed by ! To my boyish fancy, Timi seemed particularly anxious to hurry this especial week to a close Oh ! how happy would I have been if I-like Joshua of old could have commanded the sun to stand still, if even for orib half a day ! "Now,"-perhaps, you, kind but impatient reader, exclain "What on earth has Mr. Pedgers and your early village life t< do with Good Friday ? " I commence with my father's funeral because it was there '. first, saw my uncle-if I had never seen my uncle, in all proba bility Pnever should have been sent to Mr. Craychook's achoo -and if I had never visited that gentleman's academy I shouli never have made the acquaintance of Chudwick, the pastry cook, and then ? Well, they are all links forming an entire chain and I choose to feel my way by that chain rather than miss link and grope about for the detached portion. The day arrived at last-so did the coach which was to con vey me to my new home ; and we started amid the tears of m mother, Agnes, and little Fan, and the muttered * good-bye's of Mr. Pedgers, who slipped a small parcel into my hand, an shook.his head, which last movement caused a little round tear t roll down his little red nose and to tremble on the end thereof. Mr. Pedgers looked up at the sky, in order to make us believ it was only a drop of rain that had fallen, from the clouds; bi; finding the heavens clear and not a cloud to be seen, he shop his head again, and looked meditatively at the swinging sigr board. , ' Thad made some little progress in learning-got up the firs two or three rounds of the ladder-as-it were ; under the esp« cial supervision of our village ' dominie ' ; so I started fröi home impressed with a very self-satisfactory idea, concerning th vast profundity of my learning ; and wondered whether all th boys of Craychook's school were as wise as I was. Taking it on.the whole, I can't say the journey was a pleasai one-I remember crying for an houror two, and then opening M Pedger's parcel to see if there was any comfort in that-foun it composed of a bright, new half-crown-a pipe and tobacci j and a bottle of weak gin and water ! The- two latter 1 gave;1 the coachman, but made my trouser pocket a ' treasure-house ' fi the half- crown where it felt warm and kindly. j I was not impressed in favor of v Craychook's Academy " t its appearance,; for it had a most severe stony-like aspect-soni thing between a jail and a workhouse, and I felt a cold thri shoot through my frame, as I took the iron bell-pull in my harii A tall, hungry-looking lad appeared in answer to my summon and looked at me with a half-inquisitive/ half-compassiona stare. ' . In response to my enquiries respecting the master, he ii formed me that he ". didn't know whether that gentleman w¡ at home ; he might be, but then again he mightn't-hows'evè he'd go and see. " With this very guarded opinion he left n shivering in the cold; and;shortly returned to conduct me >' ' the presence'-remarking in a sort of interrogatory marni that he ' sposed I was the new boy ; I might be, but then agai; .I mightn't-however, he wished me joy of my coming to Ö Craychook's!" I found Mr. Craychook to be a large-sized gentleman-; fact, he suggested to my memory the song about the individu who resembled " two single gentlemen,rolled into one." : He had a high benevolent-looking forehead, too, whit seemed to run right up to the top of his head and down tl back again, for his head was as baldy, as the two big globes "?: his library-with:the exception of two small bunches of ha which sprouted out at the sides, and seemed always trying '.; look at one another round the back of his head. He had a strange habit of tapping his forehead with his fing previous to speaking-as if shaking a little sense down into h body-and to which habit I attributed the fact of his baldries'i the hair, in my opinion, having been worn away by attrition. !. Altogether he had a very Avise-a very 'Enquire within upc everything '-look about him ; and when he told me to go ai make the acquaintance of my future playmates I left him wi an.immense opinion of his merits as a man and a schoolmaster an opinion which was speedily dissolved in the tears produce by my first thrashing. i I. had an inkling of his character on my introduction to ti play-ground-not only from the ominous looks of my schoc fellows in general; but ii om the information of the hungry-loo i ig boy who had opened, the gate on my arrival- in particule This individual styled Mr. Craychook-' the old 'un'-and fur- thermore remarked respectively that he, (the schoolmaster) was a ' rum 'un, rather !'-a remark which the rest of the hoys seemed to appreciate greatly; and on my asking whether Mr. Craychook's 4 rumminess ' was of a pleasing nature-or other- wise-I was informed that he was a 'reg'lar swish-tail '-which ambiguous expression 1 fully interpreted a day or twp afterwards. It was a dull, monotonous routine of existence-that life at " Craychook's Academy." ' The master thrashed us during schoolhours ; and we had pitched battles among ourselves during three-fourths of the time we were in the play-ground ; but these served rather to increase the dreary sameness, for they came round with as unvarying regularity as the sun that peeped over our high school-yärd wall- although he was, always a long.while about it, as if he was ashamed of being seen in such a prison as ours. ' The one little joy which shed its lonely lustre over our yoting hearts was a pastry-cook's shop-yes, such a shop!-such a pastry-cook's !-and such a pastry- cook's daughter ! The majority ,of the boy's declared in favor of the tempting wares displayed in the little bow window-but I, ignoring a boy- ish taste for such luxuries, looked at Phoebe (that was her name) and made her the idol and the daydream of my soul. In fact, so smitten was I with the charms of the pastry-cook's daughter, that I half determined to enter the old gentleman's service, under the pretence of'learning the business '?-there I would have an < opportunity of explaining- my views to Phoebe,-with whom I was eventually to elope. In this project I was to be assisted by Bimmacle (the hungry looking boy, who styled our revered tutor-'the old'un') who was to. have a post-chaise in waiting at the corner of the lane ; and in réturn,for which important service I was to gratify the said Bimmaele's taste with as much stale pastry as he could eat -whenever he visited the shop-which was not to be more than three times a week, for fear of awakening old Chudwick's sus- picions. My further intentions were rather vague and indefi .nite, but all resolved.themselves.into the hope of something ' turning tip.' ; . ..* Craychook's Academy ' lay nearly a mile from the town of .Slumberton, where Mr. Chudwick's establishment was situated, so that;¡it was only on our ' few and far-between ' holidays that we had an opportunity of visiting his shop; but when we ..did go, we.went with the intention of enjoying ourselves, and did so accordingly. . .;. I need scarcely dwell in detail on the first few weeks I spent at school- suffice it that four long dreary months passed over ; dike leaden waves surging to a dark and unknown shore, (for :such a shore-was the future to me, and one or two others in ' Craychook's Academy' !) and then the Easter' holidays came round and boys went to pleasant homes-at least those who had pleasant homes to go to -one by one to realize the bright pic- tures they had been conjuring up of that happy and eventful season. They all went with the exception of Bimmacle and I, and we enjoyed à grim supremacy, reigning conjointly over the deserted play-ground-for my uncle had stipulated with Mr. Craychook that my .holidays should be as limited as pos- sible ; as to Mr. Bimmacle, he didn't know any more of his father than that he was the captain of a frigate or a collier-he didn.'t know which-as to the rest of his relations, he didn't know anything at all about them-so that his ' vacations ' were always spent at school. Mr. Craychook might have enlightened us on this point, but as he regularly received the terms for Bimmaele's education , he always answered that individual's enquiries by tapping his fore- head, a ghostly smile, and an assurance that it was " all right." It was Good Friday Eve, and Ave, Bimmacle and I, sat under the solitary tree Avhich struggled for a bare subsistence in our play-ground, and which (I speak on the authority of Bimmacle himself) had never had a leaf on for the space of five years. Under this melancholy, verdureless stump, we sat and conversed of home, (or rather of my home, for poor Bimmacle had none to to talk about), and the Past, from which our thoughts gradu- ally embraced the Present, and, then reverted to the little village of Slumberton, and the pastry-cook's shop. "It's a long while since Ave had anything from Chudwick's, ain't it!" said Bimmacle, reflectively. I assented-while my thoughts turned,-magnet-like to Phoebe. . "He's a rum'un, is ChudAvick," continued Bimmacle looking vacantly up at the stars; Avho, in return, looked down at him and winked jocosely-"but he's aright 'uri at his trade, though ain'the?" "Yes-ain't they sweet?" I murmured dreamily thinking of Phoebe's lips. "Ain't they just!" said Mr. Bimmacle, with a short, sepulchral laugh ; "it's a good while since I tasted 'em, though!" "Tasted Avhat! " I cried, in amazement. "Why, them pies as we had from Chudwick's, never so long ago. " "Oh!" I replied, considerably relieved. "Yes," continued my companion reverting to the state of his funds-" and ain't got a penny-nor likely to get one." " You know that sugar Ave baked in the old 'un's kettle, last Aveek ?" I assented. ' . " When Ave burnt the bottom out, and set the kitchen chim- ney afire ? " continued my friend, in an explanatory tone. I nodded again. "Well, I'm blessed if the old 'un hadn't a tinker in the kitchen to day, a mending the kettle, and he's gone and stopped my last pocket-money-Ho defray expenses' he says, half for mending the kettle, and the rest for the sweep as put the fire out?" Bimmacle groaned grievously, and I moaned a very good 'second,' and then by way of consoling him, and myself too, I ventured to suggest that the folloAving day being Good Friday, we would have an opportunity of reneAving our acquaintance Avith some of Mr. Chudwick's wares. ''Hot-cross-buns, you mean, do you?" said Bimmacle, regarding me with a compassionate glance. "No, you don't though ! Why, bless your heart ! the old 'un never has no buns -he don't-Good Friday or no Good Friday ! " I looked aghast. "The idea?" continued Bimmacle Avith a ghostly chuckle, "Avhy look at that Avail-" I did so. " Can you see anything on the other side of it?" I admitted that my vision Avas not acute enough for that. "Well, you might just as well try to look through that wall, as try to see through Old Craychook,"-with which striking illustration of the schoolmaster's opacity, Mr. Bimmacle Avinked his eyes alternately, and gave a very alarmingly choking sort of chuckle as if something had gone the wrong way. "Have you got any money?'' he asked abruptly. I shook my head despondingly. "Because if you had" Ha ! glorious thought ! There was the half-crown given me by Mr. Pedgers! I had bored a hole in it, and had it safely suspended against my breast-about Avhere I thought my heart was ; and every day it seemed to grow more Avarm and- kindly than ever! Could I partAvith it? No! and yet-go without buns on Good Friday ? Be a stranger and an alien-to that good old cus- tom ? Never ! So I pulled the coin out and showed it to Bimmacle. That gentleman utterly denounced my scruples about parting with Mr. Pedger's gift, suggesting that I might keep sixpence out of it-and it would feel just as warm !" The end of our consultation was, we tossed up the half-crown to see who should scale the school-wall and go for the antici- pated luxury, when old Craychook fell asleep. I lost. It Avas fully midnight before I started on my daring mission ; for, although the proprietor of the " academy " had had his bald head buried in the pilloAv for more than two hours, and might therefore be reasonably supposed to be asleep, Bimmacle suggested' that perhaps Chudwick hadn't baked his first batch yet. . . He helped me up the leafless tree, and then loAvered me down on the other side, like a bundle of clothes, at the end of a couple of sheets. A cloud darted across the moon as my feet touched the ground, and I ran off to the village with the parting injunctions of Bim- macle still Avhispering in my ears ;--" Don't keep out in the moonlight more than you can help-you don't know the old 'un-he mightn't be asleep after all, he mightn't be looking out of the windoAv, but then again, he might, and it is better to make sure !" So I skirted the hedges like a frightened hare, and in all probability Avmdd not have ceased running previous to reaching Chudwick's-shop, if I had not been checked abruptly by a bright flash of light streaming from an adjoining field, and the sound of voices in IOAV, but earnest conversation. NOAV, if I Avas Avriting a ' ghost story ' I should go on to speak of spectral shadoAvs, and perhaps mention that an immense smell of brimstone prevailed ; but as I am merely recounting a remi- niscence of my school-boy days I will candidly confess that when I had cravded up the bank of the" ditch into Avhich I had fallen in my first alarm, and peeped through the hedge, all that I saw was a-small, half-concealed'fire in a tinker's furnace, and a pair of ill- looking men seated in the glare, one of Avhom, judging by Bimmaele's description, was the identical tinker who had that day been at Avork in Craychook's kitchen ! I may also add that the only perceptible smell of ' spirits ' originated in, and proceeded from, a bottle of rum, Avith Avhich the couple regaled themselves. \- " Yes, I thing it's about time." said the tinker,, puffin g out a cloud of tobacco-smoke and watching it as. it curled lazily up in the chill night air. "-The old'un'll be hard at Avork in the bake-house, so there Avon't be no . differculty in catchin' on 'im right !" "You're sure, quite sure, you know the lay of the tin, Ned?" asked the other, anxiously. Without ansAveringV the gentleman addressed as . Ned ' took up the rum-bottle, and removing the pipe from Hs mouth sub- stituted the neck of the bottle instead, and drank until his eyes poked out from his head like those of a lobster. " There ! " he exclaimed as he inverted the bottle, and passed it to his companion-" There !-am I kerrect Avhen I say as hoAV that 'ere bottle's empty ?" His companion admitted that " considerin' there Avasn't a drop of nuffin'in it-he'sposed he was." " Well," said Ned, AAith a very sage-looking wink-so I am AvhenI say I knoAv AAdiere to lay my paw on the old pastry-cook's blunt, like that ! ' and his hand clutched the shoulder of his companion, AVIIO gave an uneasy start and' shook him off angrily. "Ho! ho!" laughed the tinker, uproariously, "yer don't like the touch, eh, Bill ! puts yer in mind of summat unpleasant, eh ?" Bill laughed aAvkwardly, and gave it as his opinion that there Avas enough of that in earnest-Avithout joking about it. ' "So there is, Bill; so there is;" said the tinker, Avith drunken gravity-for his last poAverful. draught Avas beginning to operate -"a great deal too much of it, for hard-AVorking folks like us, Bill ! But only to think of us falling on such a splendid ' lay ' as this, Bill ; after missing that crib the night afore last !-puts yer in mind of Avhat them fellers iii the copy-books say about 4 Virtue bein' its OAVU reAvard,' eh ! " and the speaker inclined his head toAyards the ' Academy,' thereby inferring that Mr. Craychook Avas one of the ' fellers ' he alluded to ! " Why, yer see, Bill ; it-was just one o' the Avays o' Provi- dence as those devil o' boys burnt a hole in the kittle-it Avas jest another Avay 'o Providence as I was called in to mend it, and hears all about the pastry- cook's money from the school- master's servant-how he saves it all up, and don't put none of it in the Bank ; think o' that, Bill ; none of it in the Bank ! " And the two Avretches rubbed their hands together gleefully j Avhil8t I felt the blood rushing to my temples at the thought of my funds (at sundry times invested at ChudAvick's Bun House) falling into the pockets of these miscreants-and anon chilling at the audacity of the bare idea. "I 'spose there ain't no doubt about managing the old 'un? " nervously remarked Bill; who, albeit the biggest of the two, seemed by far the greatest coward in point of animal courage. "I should think not?" responded Ned, contemptuously; " Avhy a bloAV with a feller's fist Avould settle him. HoAvs'ever in the case of haccidents we'll take summat with us as does its Avork and don't make no noise about it neither ! See here," he continued, taking a knife from his tinker's 'kit ' and flashing .it out in the bright firelight-" I'll swear he won't sing out much with this in his wind-pipe ! " Now, considering that the Aveapon Ned displayed was in di- mensions something between a carving knife -and a dragoon's sabre, it was very improbable that the unfortunate pastry-cook Avould ' sing out ' at ail, if the Aveapon was employed in the ser A'ice its OAvner indicated. " And the gal ? " enquired Bill. "Gals!" said Ned, derisively-"' gals is nuthin,'jest you hold that knife afore her if she kicks up a bobbery, that'll silence her, I know !" " But if it doesn't ? " pursued Bill, doubtfully. " If it doesn't, you mustn't let her screechingly stand between us and tAVO or three 'undred pound. Anything but that,: you know, Bill! " Ho AV my flesh 'crept' as I heard these two hardened villains talking so coldly of crime and murder. HOAV I trembled as I thought of poor, good-natured little Phoebe, and merry old ÇhudAvick, the father of Phoebe, and the maker of the excellent buns. What a loss to the community. I stole stealthily from my hiding place, the last thing I heard being'the proposal of the cowardly ninian, Bill, to smoke another pipe, as he "didn't feel quite the thing." How I scoured back to 'Craychook's Academy,' no crouching by hedges" then, over the field in the bright full moonlight on on-on, until.I arrived panting and breathless, and no doubt as white as the sheets which still fluttered over the school-yard Avail. It had been concerted that on my return I Avas to Avhistle the first fe AV bars of an agreed-upon popular air; but I Avas too utterly confounded to remember the tune, even if I had breath enough to execute it; so I leaned against the wall and softly called-'Bimmacle.' All remained as silent.as the grave. I repeated the name in a louder key-then louder still, but without success. What Avas to be done? it Avas evident that Bimmacle, tired of Avaiting, had gone to bed, and I Avas too faint to climb the sheets. As a last resource I endeavoured to Avhistle the tune, and consequently made a miserable attempt of it-but wretched as it Avas, it succeeded. My/schoolmate's head'.bobbe'd'.ùp.'over ' the wall like that of a ' Jack-in-a- box'-and he. exclaimed:-" Why, it is you, after all? why couldn't you whistle/before! I thought it was the old 'un calling out-trying to-catch a fellow napping-so I wouldn't answer til I heard you whistle; you see it mightn't have been Craychook, but theil again it might, and-" "Oh Bimmacle!"-I.intémipted him, and burst into a pas- sionate flood of tears-" there-there's something dreadful going to-to happen-or has happen'd al-already." "What!" exclaimed Bimmacle sliding down to my side of the Avail-"you don't mean to say as you've lost the half croAvn?" "No-no-no, but that fellow that mended Craychook's kettle"-I Avent on, "And got paid Avith my money ? " groaned Bimmacle. "Yes, AArhat about him?" ',? "Him, and another one, are going to rob Phoebe's father, and if poor old ChudAvick cries out, they're going to put a carving knife through his Avindpipe ! " "Not afore he's made the buns for Good Friday-PH take my affer-davy!" said Bimmacle, determinedly, "yet quite coolly "here, hold on a minute," and he'SAvarmed' over the Avail, speedily returning Avith an old unused cricket bat Avhich some of our school-fellows had left in the yard,-and then bidding me keep close up with him, he cut across the fields toAvards Slum- berton. The village looked an unmistakably ' deserted ' one, as Ave halted beneath the shadoAv of a doorway, and held a Avhispered consultation as to what Avas to be done. "We'd better go and wake up Blink, first," reasoned Bim- macle. I proposed going to ChudAvick's at once, and apprising the old gentleman of his danger. . " Pooh ! man "-said my companion-" AA'hy they're there by this time and busy at Avork, no doubt; neArer mind, Ave'll rouse Blink, and then go to the shop. So it Avas settled-and so Ave hammered at the door of the1 village functionary, until that individual-very sleepy and very irritable- opened the casement and enquired our business. We explained, and Mr. Blink-half-dressed-groped his Avay down stairs in the dark, and let us in. " Bless my soul ! going to rob old ChudAvick, eh ? but, we'll see about that1!-why, Avhere the deuce, is .my coat ? ; and so .you. heard them say-and my hat, too? where the-Oh, here it is ! TAVO of ' em,' didn't you say my lad. I repeated all I knew of the affair. ' ,'-.,. "Better callón Lucas, the smith," said Blink, shaking his head iii a very solemn manner, " he Avon't mind giving a hand. TAVO of '.em. Bless my soul, Pd better .bring that gun of mine," and Blink groped his way up stairs this time, Avhilst Ave fidgetted up and doAvn the room, and looked up stairs impa- tiently, and then out into the dull, silent street., "Hi, Mr. Blink, we're going ! " shouted. Bimmacle, and despite the Avorthy officer's command not to go till he came doAvn-Ave ran along the street-I unarmed, and Bimmacle Avith the old cricket-bat tucked under his arm like ali umbrella. As Ave expected, we found the door of Chudwick's bakery unlocked and softly pushing,it open Ave entered. The only visible portion of the proprietor pf the bakery Avas a pan of short fat legs, kicking .convulsively iii the air, the rest of his body being held, in the dough trough by. the individual. I have before introduced as Ned, the tinker ; whilst from.the inte- rior of the trough a sound issued resembling the choking gurgle of a bottle of port Avhen the cork has got inside.. : The next thing I Avas aware of Avas Bimmacle delivering a most ferocious blow at the tinker's devoted.head, which.doubled him over on to Mr. ChudAvick, but to our astonishment'-. he speedily recovered himself, and leaping from the trough with a dreadful oath sprang at Bimmacle ; AVIIO, nothing daunted, slashed him fearfully across the face Avith the cricket-bat. I was undecided as to Avhether I should help my schoolmate or go to the assistance of the unfortunate pastry-cook; but a prolonged scream from one of the rooms above turned my thoughts into a neAV channel, and bounding up stairs, I dashed into the bed-room, Avhere I found Betsy, the maid-of-all- Avork, pinioned in a chair, without any regard to comfort ; Avhile crouched doAvn in a corner Avas poor PhcebeT--her features con- tracted Avith a look of terror-and her large eyes fixed on ' Bill,' Avho, Avith the huge carving-knife tucked under his arm, Avas gloating over the contents of a small chest he had dragged into the centre of the room. He started as I entered, but before he had time to act, I was upon him ; with a howl of rage I drove my nails into his throat, and hurled him, strong as he seemed, over the chest, and doAvn to the floor. The suddenness of the attack favored me, but the next instant I was a mere toy in his linds ; and-half-rising-he dashed me repeatedly against the floor, accompanying the performance AA'ith no very polite requests to ' leave go.' But I hung on to his throat like a bloodhound. I felt it to be my only chance, but it rendered the villain desperate. The uproär in the bakery increased, and the sound of approaching feet pattered on the staircase. I heard Phoebe give a Avild scream, saAv the glimmer of the knife as it descended flush on my heart-the point struck against something hard! and ghnting off, streaked my breast, and passing through my left arm, pinned me to the floor. I had a vague perception of an im- mense discharge of fire-arms-the crashing of glass-the hubbub of many voices, and then I sank into a delicious dreamless kind of sleep ! . When I awoke, the sun Avas looking brightly on the AvindoAV curtains, and Ï Avas lying on Chudwick's bed. I fancied the deAV was falling oh my face, but found it to be the tears of Phoebe, Avho,-kind hearted little soul-was bending over me, and blaming herself for Avhat had happened, as if it Avas all her fault. The doctor was there, too ; who treated the whole affair as a joke-a perfect joke ! speaking carelessly of my having lost a trifle of blood, and promising to set me on my legs again in a day or two-which promise he faithfully performed. Mr. ChudAvick was doÁvn in the shop serving out the hot cross buns-but Bimmacle, Avith a great bandage tied round his head, Avas seated at the foot of the bed waiting to tell me as soon as I was thoroughly aAvake, hoAv Mr. Blink and Lucas, the smith, had arrived in time to save him, (Bimmacle) from being strangled-how Blink, seeing the other burglar digging a knife into me, had fired the redoubtable foAvling-piece he had brought Avith him ; and Avhich, in a mingled state of forgetfulness and flurry he had stopped to load three several times coming along. HOAV the treble charge instead of hitting the burglar knocked off the heads of tAVO large plaster figures, and smashed every pane of glass in the casement- IIOAV they found me Avith the carving knife sticking through the fleshy part of my arm-hoAv the money Avas all safe-hoAV both burglars Avere captured-and how they eventually released Mr. ChudAvick from his " flour bed" in time for that Avorthy individual to draAV the first batch of buns from his oven. I could go on to tell of the happy Easter time Avhich folloAved -how the church bells up in the crazy-looking tower clashed and clanged lustily-as if their hearts were leaping for joy to think that murder had been prevented ! hoAV the villagers looked admiringly at Bimmacle and I, regarding us in the light of a couple of wounded Avarriors, as Ave Avent to church on Í Easter Sunday withbald-headed 'fatherly' Mr. Craychook-and how I enjoyed the grateful kindness of little Phoebe ?-and Bimmacle enjoyed the buns of her father ! It would occupy too much time were I to trace "t the characters of this ' sketch ' farther :- ' .;. "William Furley- alias « Flash Bill '-and Edward ' ' ." Scotton-alias Ned, the Tinker-old offenders, were remanded from town to town to answer for their misdeeds-and were eventually sent to Australia * for life '-condemned to hard labor ' by way of a change---and probably both of the 'exemplary' characters lent a helping hand in forming some of our roads to the Australian interior. A couple of years later-Phoebe was married to a son of Mr. Pedgers-who it seems was an old friend of her's, and who took his young wife to his '-and my- native village-having succeeded jolly faced Mr. Pedgers in the active management of the 'Red Lion'-and leaving that merry old gentleman nothing to do but sit on the bench by the door, smoke his pipe, and listen to the pleasant music of the swinging sign-board. When I last heard of Bimmacle, he was engaged in a lawyer's office in London. Mr. Pedger's half-crown wasn't spent after all. I have it now, hanging where it did then,-between Bill Furley's knife and my heart-and it feels warmer and kindlier than ever ! 