"THE DEPRESSED CONDITION OF COLONY. THE 1 I A meeting of the electors of East Torrens was held in the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, February 8, " to devise means to ameliorate the present condition of the colony." There was a large attendance, His Worship the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. E. T. Smith) presiding. His WORSHIP, -mxo took the chair 40 minutes after the advertised time, said that, with all due deference to the conveners of the meeting, he thought the advertisement was of a sufficiently anonymous character to have justified their candidates absenting themselves if they had thought necessary. (Hear, hear.) He suggested that the names of the conveners of meetings should append their names to the notices. (Hear, hear.) Those present were well aware that the present was one of a series of meetings to be held throughout the colony with a view to curing the present evils. Every well-wisher of the colony would be glad to know that there were persons in the colony who were up and doing. They would show their so-called representatives that they would not be bound by "their views and actions. Mr. C. S. HARE moved the following resolution :— " That in the opinion of this meeting cheaper land and increased facilities for agricultural settlement are absolutely necessary for the preservation and future progress of the country." The conveners of the meeting did not come forward as the representatives of any particular section of politics. Messrs. Skelton and J. Clark and he banded themselves together to get land here ax cheap and on as easy term as in Victoria. (Applause.) He threw himself into the movement with the utmost enthusiasm. He was quite prepared to advocate cheaper land. Now he would not adopt the Puritan style of twenty-fifth and lastly, but would simply touch on a few facts in connection with the subject. Cheap land would be the salvation of the colony. (Cheers.) The effect of cheap land was shown to great advantage in the other colonies, the United States, and Canada. In the latter places 160 acres was given to every family who settled on the land. He did not want them to give their land away. When reclaimed from their native state, the lands here were very rich in quality, and would attract population. Encouragement in the way of cheap land should be held out to immigrants from the United Kingdom. In this way the waste lands would be cleared and cultivated, and a better State of things brought about. The farmers as a rule might not carry on agricultural operations on any scientific system, but they would learn to do so in time, and in the meantime they should be protected. The Government should not be the judgment creditor of the farmer, and when he was in difficulties and his crops failed to seize all-he possessed. They should leave him his implements and stock to enable him to carry on. (Hear, hear.) In this way they would retain their population. That might be a new doctrine to his hearers, but it would be paternal government. When the farmers went two years ago to the Strangways Ministry to ask for land reform they got trash. When they asked for bread, they were offered a stone. (Cheers.) When they wanted cheap land, they were offered it at £2 per acre. Much of the land was worn out with over- cropping, and additional country should be thrown open to the farmers. Things here were in a demoralized condition, because in the thriving colony of Victoria they were next door to throwing away the land. (Cheers.) The terms there were 2s. per acre r>er annum for 10 years for blocks not exceeding 320 acres. At the end of this decennia 1 period the land was constituted a freehold. (Hear, hear.) The Government here must give a better or at least an equally liberal land policy, to enable this colony to compete with her rival. By the last ^ „ lMl „„ _ steam J boat ^ ^Melbourne 79 labouring men left port Ade]aid and 45 by the preceding boat, while he was assured that in three weeks 150 persons crossed the Murray at Wellington to settle in Victoria. In the Garden of the Colony—Mount Gambier—residents wereleaving in shoals because land in Victoria was offered at a cheaper rate. (Applause.) They must meet this LIllO difficulty ULiliUUlLY at aL once. UUliC. If Ai the nuo bone Mum, and auu sinew oiran , th farmers and artisans left the 1 colony, what were the - rest '• to • do * »? ™ They would have a city of ghosts. (Laughter.) Their chapels cost them a good deal; but they would have to be left behind. A wiser and more liberal scheme could be devised. Their land here was not so well watered as the Victorian, and therefore not so good. Consequently they must be a little more liberal. The Committee's broad platform was cheap lands an 1 free selection. In his section of the platform scheme he held some what more liberal opinions. Mr. Sellar might laugh. There was a sort of sneering devil in his laugh. That young man of the day, he thought, was the jackass of the period. (Laughter.) He proposed grants of 640 aces, with free selection and payments extending over and one-fifth V be put under cultivatiomWhat he wantoMvould^be ^ system had doie good but its dav had passed. The perpetual cry had been " Wheat J wheat and in consequence over-cropping had reduced the yield from twenty to five anl six bishels to the acre. (Hear, hear.) A better plan than this should be pursued as in England, where there were sheepwalks which kept the farms in heart, as they supplied portions of farms alternately with manure; and he would like to see a similar plan adopted here. A small family could well manage a farm of 640 acres. He would join in the memorial to dissolve the present Parliament and elect a new one pledged to meet this question. He had nothing to do with individual members, but the whole were at fault. Some were clever men amongst them. He had nothing to say against Mr. Strangways, who would, he thought, " Turn about, and wheel about, and jump Jim Crow, Turn about, and wheel about, and do just so." (Laughter.) Whatever would make him the Governor of the period he would adopt. (Laughter.) The fresh men would attend to the voice of the colony, and carry useful measures for the welfare of the colony. He knew what the general feeling was, and men of thought considered that if a new Parliament could not do better they would have to return to the old nommee system. (Shame.) Mr. A. DOWIE seconded. There were times when all should speak out, and not give out an uncertain sound. (Applause.) One reason for cheaper land was because it was the chief cause of the prosperity of all youngcountries. This was exemplified in America. This colony prospered in its early days because the land policy was more liberal than in the other colonies. Now, however, there was a change, and the tables were turned. The Victorian Government had promulgated a more liberal Land Act, and the people were leaving here for the sister colony. During the last 18 years they had had a goo'd market for their produce. Victoria was formerly a customer, but now she was growing as much as the residents required, and they should devise an equally liberal land measure to that of the sister colony to attract and retain population. He had great faith in the future of the colony, The well- directed industry of the colonists he thought would eventually make this a great and flourishing colony. He did not therefore sympathise with the cry that the colony was going to the dogs, (Applause and disapprobation.) Mr. J. A. HOLD EN supported the resolution. He thought every well-wisher of the colony should come forward and express his opinions. He believed if they did not soon have cheaper laud they would lose the bone and sinew of the colony. The platform he took was cheap land "and free selection, with payments to be decided by the people and their representatives. When 2s. per acre was to be paid annually in Victoria, that should be the extreme limit here, and if anything the terms should be even more liberal than those on the other side. He altogether objected to the tone of the letter which had appeared in the Register signed "Capital." The writer seated that the agitators of the present movement were doing harm to the colony by the action they were taking, by the " serious injury they are iuflicting upon "those who have purchased laud under the old and present system." He joined issue with the writer entirely. He bel eved that if the land north of the Burra and Port Augusta and westward from Port Lincoln were thrown open for settlement on the terms he suggested this would not permanently deteriorate the value of land at present owned. (Cheers.) The land in New York had not been depreciated in value because | of the 160-aore gifts to settlers in the unsettled ; inland parts of the United States. On the con- i trary, the land in that city, as he knew of his own knowledge, had increased in value im mensely. The 10,000 people who emigrated to New York weekly did not all - go to the outer districts. Some settled in the city and neighbourhood, and this had been the cause of the value of property having been enhanced by the influx of immigrants. If the price of land were reduced, there would be really more encouragement offered to the capitalist than under the existing system. He deprecated the remark in the letter he had referred to that in the event of this reduction capitalists would call in their securities, which would be tantamount to ruining many farmers. He repeated that a cheaper system would not ultimately depreciate the ra'ue of settled land. If a farmer could leave his small holding and go inland where ho could get land by paying 2s. per annum for 10 years, it would eventually benefit all parties. In every area of land granted in America a large block was reserved for school purposes, the rental paying all necessary expenses; and he would like to see p. simjlar provision made "here. (Applause.) He was informed that the land in Victoria was not better than South Australian land. (No, no.) Well, if it was not so good they should give it at a cheaper rate. (Hear, hear.) They should use every constitutional means to get a cheap Land Bill, and His Excellency should be asked to dissolve the House, as there did not eeem to be sufficient coherency among the members to carry a proper measure. Mr. Councillor NIENABER said the letter signed " Capital" upset him altogether. When all the evils the writer predicted were considered, they were absurd and unfounded. He had laboured for more than 21 years here, and he strove for the good of the colony. He asked what would the men with small holdings do if all the people left. If 20 or 30 per cent, of the population left the colony, what would the rest do? However they might try to attract population, they should not expend money. (Hear, hear.) If all the money spent for immigration purposes since 1851 had been thrown away, it would have been equally productive of good. (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN CLARK moved the second resolution— That an adjustment of the tariff admitting raw materials duty free for manufacturing purposes only is essentially necessary for our interests." He said it was fortunate that in all places there had been times more favourable than others for the promulgation of truths, and just now there was a great change taking place in the minds of the people. He was not a red-hot Protectionist, for he thought that neither free trade norpro tection was wholly suited to any country. They had been lately treated to many long and elaborate articles by the Press on the subject, and there seemed to be a desire on the part of their politicians to change their minds, but they feared the charge of inconsistency. They had also been treated by the Advertiser with two long articles on the depression. The writer first went on to say that depression was general at the present time, and went to England, France, and America to prove it. A good deal of it was true, but a good part of that relating to America was not, and the writer knew it. This was not a new thing for the Advertiser, because he knew that parts of their London correspondent's letter relating to the American war were cut out because the editor did not agree with the views expressed. False statements had been put 1 forth to mislead the public mind, to show that the depression of the various trades in America was caused by the protective tariff. It was the excise duties that had been put on after the war and other taxation which had caused it. In Victoria, according to the statement laid before the Chamber of Commerce by Mr. Lorimer, a pcrfect revolution had taken place since the introduction of the protective tariff, and th°re had been an increase in the population of 45 per cent. They must stop the exodus from the colony, or else the colony would go down. They were suffering from a large number of mechanics leaving their shores to enrich Victoria. This was because skilled labour was never sufficiently encouraged. If a revised free list had been introduced it would have prevented a large number of young mechanics from leaving. In regard to the present Parliament, there were many good, honourable, and useful men in it, and he hoped they would get in again if there was a dissolution. They wanted a sprinkling of new blood, and a number of the old members would have a better knowledge of the wants of the people after going before them. They had to choose a Treasurer out of two men—one of whom had been convicted by a Jury of a grave crime, and the other had bartered the rights of the Crown for a valuable consideraiion. As to Mr. Glyde, although he disagreed with him on political principles, he would say that no one had ever come out with cleaner hands than he had from the Galbraith trial. He was glad there was one Minister who had served them, and was actuated by honest motives. Mr. F. G. HALES seconded the motion. He said it was a well- known fact that through bad legislation a large number of people were leaving our shores, and they must find out the reason. It had been said they needed more liberal land laws. Tbis he admitted; but what he had to speak of was protection to native industries. The labourer should have the same facilities as the farmer; and it was not only the farmers, but a large number of mechanics were leaving the colony. The same cause that was taking the farmers to Victoria was taking the mechanics there. They wanted protection to native industries; but he did not think the members of the House of Assembly were the men to give it them, as they were + he representatives of foreign capital. It had been urged that protection would make things dearer; but it would bring and keep population. It had been said some time ago that Victoria was on the road to ruin, and her system was now taking their labour from them. He thought an income tax should be imposed, but the members of the present Parliament were not the ones to do it. Their own individual interests prevented them giving South Australia what she wanted; for if they did, they would lose a good deal of money. They needed cheap land, and production to native industry. He most heartily supported the resulution. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. J, SIIELTOX proposed the third resolution, as under :— " That from the acknowledged inability of the present Parliament to meet the difficulties in which the colony is placed, this meeting resolves to memorialize His Excellency the Governor to dissolve the present House of Assembly, in order to afford the country an opportunity of electing gentlemen who are capable of dealing with the wants of the colony." The Parliament was imbecile, corrupt, and dishonest. The members had proved themselves incapable, as they had done nothing in th6 six months they had been in session. The Government some time ago proposed to tax the necessaries of life ; but wh^t they wanted were differential duties. He thought there was not a dirtier transaction than that matter of Cobb & Cc. The fact was there were too many contractors in ?the Hous6. There were too many Hills and Fullers and others there. It would not do to have in the Legislature the hands of a Government crippled and their independence overthrown by affairs of this kind. They should not have an impecunious Chief Secretary. When he saw such a proud stately fellow as Hughes in the street he felt positively disgusted. His actions with respect to Mr. Galbraith were a species of political dishonesty of the v.-orst possible kind. He was opposed on political grounds to the Hon. T. Reynolds and Mr. Glyde, but he would rather see them in office that the present Ministers. The last mail took home the news that the colony could not pay a paltry £2,000 or £3,000 for the salaries of the civil servants, and yet the Chief Secretary could draw his £1,300. (Applause, and Give it to him.") He could refer, as he did on a previous occasion, to the kind of hon. members who could be bought and sold. There were four factions in the House of Assembly, and while this state of things existed an "independent Government could not be organized. Mr. D. Fisher had formerly stated to his constituents that he would be willing to explain at any time his reasons for voting in a particular way in the Assembly, and as lie | was an elector of the district he would take him | at his word. He would ask Mr. Fisher and the other members who voted as he did why they sanctioned the expenditure of £800,000for the construction of the South-Eastern Railway. _ He had prepared a larce coloured I^D of the South- East showing th? courKR o^thp nrooosed railway e d he would explain ite object and inutility! The line was proposed to commence at Lacepede Bay, proceed thence to Narracoorte, pass Penola, touch at Mount Gambier, and end at Port MacDonnell. At Narracoorte an agricultural area had been proclaimed, where land could be obtained at £3 10s. per acre. In this area 16,000 acres had been taken up, and many of their German fellow-colonists had gone there; but, as his friend Mr. Krichauff stated at the late meeting in Adelaide, when they arrived at Narracoorte they could not find any good land, and consequently many of them had gone over the Border into Victoria. At Penola Mr. Riddoch, M.P., owned 24,934 acres, which cost; him about £26,307, or a little over a guinea per acre. No wonder Mr. Riddoch supported the present Government, and voted for the railway. (Cheers and laughter.) The people at Mount Gambier did not want the railway. They were close to Port MacDonne 1, and. would not be inconvenienced in taking thSir own produce to that port, which was a safe one. Their horses required a little work of this kind at slack times. This line of .railway was one of the most flagrant and shamefaced pieces of legislation that he ever knew. If the £800,000 were expended he believed the colony would lose £40,000 per annum through it. The Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway was equally as great a blunder. Mr. Galbraith, who was formerly Scab Inspector in the South-East, had written him a letter on the projected railway in that district, which he would read if he had that gentleman's permission. (Mr. Galbraith—" You may read it.") The letter therefore was as follows:—" 4th February, 1870. Dear Sir— Allow me to state a few facts in connection with the proposed South-Eastern Railway, which I think are not generally known. Firstly—The statistics, purporting to be a correc-t return of the goods and passenger traffic which passed through Penola during three months, and recently laid before Parliament on one of the discussions of the South-Eastern Railway Bill by Mr. Riddoch, are to my knowledge quite unreliable. I know who collected them, who paid for the collection, and how they were manipu'ated so as to meet the views of the person who paid for their collection; and were an opportunity afforded me I could easily prove that not one tithe of the stated traffic actually took placfl. Secondly—From my intimate knowledge of the South-Eastern District, I can confidently state that if one train per diem is run as proposed from Lacepede to MacDonnell Bays, the return will not pay for grease to the wheels anl fuel for the engines. The quantity of good agricultural land in the hands of the Crown in the South-East is very limited in extent, and to the east of the proposed railway to the boundary of the province. With Victoria, from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier, a distance of over 60 miles, there is not 5,000 acres unsold, and to the west of the proposed railway for a width of ten miles from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier there is not 5,000 acres unsold. Mr. Riddoch and two or three others have certainly through our present land system acquired large estates along the proposed line, but I think it is hardly fair that the colonists of South Australia should be saddled with an enormous annual debt merely | to put some thousands of pounds into the hands of two or three individuals who, by giving false statements and ' log-rolling' — (' Give it its mildest name')—in the House of Assembly, have been trying to feather their own nests at the expense of all other colonists." Mr. Hughes would like to trample on him as he did on Mr. Galbraith, but he defied him. He did not care a jot for him. The letter showed some valuable facts with reference to the matter. (Cheers.) Mr. NIENABER seconded. With regard to the South-Eastern Railway, he thought it was a groat shame that the House of Assembly should •ote £800,000 for this work. It was a disgrace the way in which the Government was carried on. He thought it was time they gave their members the sack. Mr. D- FISHER, M.P., apologized for the unexpected absence of his colleague (Mr. G. Pearce, M.P.). There was something about his friend Mr. Skelton which he admired. He admired him for his throwing heart and soul into everything he took up. Looking at the matter in question, he was happy to meet his constituents and explain his conduct. He was the fiist advocate of free selection, deferred payments, and bona fide occupation. He had seized every opportunity in advocating an improved land system. Ho pointed out in the House the effect of the new land system of Victoria. All the colonies were vieing with each other in putting forward liberal schemes of land reform. He had nothing to answer for, but took credit to himself. (Oh and Hear.) If land reform were not effected here the colony would go to the dogs. (Cheers.) He was as independent as any man present, and tried to do his duty in the House. There were thousands of acres of good agricultural land near the South-Eastern Railway in addition to the 16,000 acres taken up in the Narracoorte area. (Cheers and No.) Victoria was making every effort to attract trade and population from South Australia, and the trade of the South-East would all go to Melbourne if nothing were done by the Government to retain it in the colony. It was one of the best things ever devised for that district. A trade would be opened up there equal to, if not superior to any part of the eol-my. (" Have you ever been there?") He had not been there, but there were maps to study, and information which would enable a man to form an opinion on the matter. TTie interests of the colony were utterly neglected in the House of Assembly, where all the members were at sixes and sevens. It was impossible for the members to combine together for the public good. He was about to sign the petition to His Excellency to dissolve the House, but a friend held him back, and said, " Mr. Fisher, don't sign," and accordingly he desisted. This, however, showed how completely sick he was of the bad position of affairs in the House. Mr. H. L. GALBRAITH said as Mr. Fisher had challenged the statement in his letter, he would say that he did not state that there were thousands of acres of land in the South-East; but what he said was, that to the east and west of the proposed railway there were not more than 5,000 acres of unsold land. There was plenty of land in the hands of private individuals. The proposition was carried without a dissentient. Mr. BURMA'S* wished to ask Mr. Fisher whether he would take charge of the dissolution petition, but the CHAIRMAN said he thought the question was not a fair one to ask Mr. Fisher, and it was therefore not put. On the motion of Mr. HARE a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman. In acknowledging, the CHAIRMAN said that no one regretted more than himself the present representation of East Torrens, and he was no party to it. He was grieved that the electors had to meet to pass such a resolution as they had. The meeting, which had been of a lively character, terminated shortly before half-past 10 o'clock. PORT LINCOLN.—In consequence of a derangement of the machinery of the Royal Shepherd, the steamer Kangaroo will proceed to Port Lincoln this day, 9th instant, at 4 p.m., in her stead, carrying mails and passengers, but no cargo. The undersigned, haviup purchased, under •leed of assignment, the Entire Drapery Stock of Waterloo House, Wallaroo, amounting to Two Thousand One Hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings ana Fourpence (£' 7 .,113 16s. 4d.), at a discount of S4J per cent., or about 7s. in the pound off wholesale prices, are now clearing out the same without reserve. The Stock was purchased from the best wholesale houses in the city, and will be sold considerably under their prices ; therefore the community will find this an opportunity of purchasing such as rarely occurs.—Jxo. BALI.AXTY k Co.. 38, Rundlp-^treet. 352cz 