MR. BUTLER, P.M., has paid his visits to the Ballan and Bacchus Marsh neighbour- hoods respecting the alteration of boundaries of Shires and Road Districts in those locali- ties. At Ballan he had to investigate the claim of Ballan Shire to obtain part of Bun- inyong Shire ; and we understand, on good authority, that he will probably recommend that the whole of the township of Gordon should be given to Ballan. This is obviously the proper course ; but if the inhabitants are opposed to it so unanimously as to compel the Government to take a different course, then the whole of Gordon, and not a part of it, should be given to Buninyong. As to Meredith, it will most probably be recom- mended that that Road District shall receive a part of Ballan, Buninyong, and Corio Shires, so as to qualify it to become a Shire. In reference to the proposed annexation of part of the Wyndham Shire to Bacchus Marsh, it is believed by the representatives of Bacchus Marsh who accompanied Mr. Butler to Wyndham, that the recommenda- tion will be made that the severance should be effected. The Wyndham Council, as a body, will not oppose that step, but do not wish to show the discourtesy to any section of their ratepayers of wishing to throw them off. At the interview of Mr. Butler and the Marsh representatives with Mr. Haynes, the Shire Secretary at Wyndham, we understand that Mr. Butler expressed himself as grati- fied with the courteous reception he had met in making this investigation, and his appro- val of the fairness and openness with which the whole facts of the case had been laid before him, without any desire on either side to conceal the truth. As one result of the conference, it was mutually agreed that the boundaries between the two districts should be altered from those proposed in the petition emanating from those inhabitants of the Wyndham Shire who wish to join Bacchus Marsh. This agreement will have to be officially ratified before it has any effect. So far, then, the prospect of getting the Bacchus Marsh Road District proclaimed a Shire by reason of this accession of territory, is improving, but we are not sure that the Government is of opinion that such an alteration of boundaries can be made pend- ing an alteration in the Local Government Act. coliy-itis Uee sent to " - V- 0 1W. chich we are told is to be forwarded to th ,i .i.ister of Lanads, relative to the sale on p( usday nexto , iL Melbourne, of a "novel N ncdustrial holding," consisting of 14f., at L'arneit. The petition states that te land Srequired for watering purposes; that it rvs alienated fro h Crown without the ,as alienate ttuo inhabitants being aware of i ; that it was granted on condition of a vileyard being formed upon it; that instead ofbeing devoted to that use, crops of potatoes and barley have been taken fromn it, when it was not used for grazing purposes; that t lessc has never reslded upon it; that, in fact, non of the coditions of the leaso have been omplin e ith ; and that the total improve cmt conista of about 20 chains of dry stonr mouts consLt , ption of , wall and fenco, VI) t?rii '' Tput upi for sale with a valuation of £150 10s. for improveiments. We have not seen the ground, and are not in a position to vouch for the accuracy of the statements contained in the petition, When we mention, however, that Mr. James Walter Swords, of Bacchus Marsh, is the lessee, our readers will probably be inclined to accept the statements of the petitioners as in the main true, and regard the transaction here delineated as one of the grossest which have been efflcted by aid of the Land Department. It is really useless wasting time in descanting upon it. Corruption of this kind floats in the very atmosphere of the Land Office, if we may so metaphor our meaning that the whole business of that oflice is transacted, and has been for some years, more upon the basis of overriding Acts of Parliament, and even the commnonest moral laws of civilised peoples, than on the basis of fair play and respect for the inten tions of Parliamuent as set forth in our Statute book. The annual mooting of the Bacchus Marsh, BIllan, and I'ontland Hlills Agricultural and Pastoral Sooiety is announced to be hold at Myrniong on Monday noxt, 10th inst. Popular eoadlings are to be hold at Colmnadai on Friday evoning next. The Mechanics' Instituto Couuitteeoo, Bacchus Marsh, has resolved to wind up the Populhar Readings for the season on Monday, 17th inst., when a now featuro will be introduced into the programmno in the shalpo of a prizo for coundrums. Theo sal at the manso, Bacchus Marsh, takes place on Friday neuot The Presbyterian soir'e will be held in the Bacchus Marsh Church on Thursday evening neoxt, The occasion is rendered more than usually interesting by reason of the presentation of a gold watch, and a copy of the Imperial Bible Dictionary, to the Rev, James Scott. The following are the sums which the Shires named will receive as endowment for 1870: Ballan, £2,721 10s. 8d.; Bulla, £1,318 1Ss. 7d.; Wyndham, £2,111 Os. ,4d. Contrary to our ex pectation, we find that the Shires are able to absorb the whole £160,000 set down for them by the present Treasurer, and something more if they could got it. The following committee of managemnont has been gazetted for the Gordon cricket and general recroation reserve:- -Messrs. Blake, Costin, T. N. Champ, Monckton, Woodman, and Sutherland. At the expiration of one month it is intended to appoint the following committee for Golden Point school, Blackwoodo,No. 269: -- Messrs. James Millyard, Patrick Kieruan, Robert Cameron, Elliott Mooro Cairnes, John Frederick Hansen, Eugene Godfrey Magnus, Peter Jensen, William Williamson, and Andrew Buchanan. We hope and believe that this committee will speedily have a now school house erected. Constable O'Loughlin, of Bacchus Marsh, is gazetteod an Inspector of Slaughterhouses, The leading article in the Guardian last week was taken bodily from the Economist of the 16th ult., without one word of acknowledgement. This is not the first time that our local con temporary has obtained " original" articles in a similarly piratical manner. Mr. C. F. Nicholls has forwarded to us a copy of what he calls a " Mining Circular," issued for the purpose of showing the paramount importance of the mining interest above all others in the colony. Most persons are willing to admit, in a general way, that mining is our most important industry, but we do not think that Mr. Nicholls has manipulated his figures so as to entirely disprove the opinion held by many that every ounce of gold raised in the colony costs at least its own value to obtain it. lie sets down three millions of money as invested in mining, but does not tell us whether this includes individual parties of miners, or only registered companies; heo then states that five and a half millions are paid in wages, and about six thousand pounds in dividends, while the gross produce is valued at a little over six millions sterling. It appears to us that these figures show an actual loss of part of the capital invested in mining, to say nothing of the absence of any returns in the way of interest for the three millions invested, and yet the tone of Mr. Nicholls' circular is to show that no branch of industry has produced such satisfactory results for capital invested as that of mining. In our opinion, Mr. Nicholls' circular is a misleading production, and he has generalised his statements so much that his deductions are valueless. Two copies of an olaborately prepared report of the proceedings of the "Australian Mutual Provident Society," which has its head quarters in Sydney, have been forwarded to us. No doubt most of our readers have a knowledge of the benefits of life assurance; we will therefore only say that the Society we now refer to is evidently in a most prosperous position, and conducts business in all the variety of ways known to such institutions; that is to say, the arrangements as to bonuses, short and long torus policies, annuities, loans to members, &c.;, are all of a most liberal character, and are set forth most enticingly and ; withal fairly in the pamphlet of 64 pages which ) we have hastily perused. The Society has a local directory and management in Victoria, and numerous agencies. Any person thinking of insuring his or her life would do well to apply to the resident secretary, 35 Queen street, for full particulars. A large nugget has been found at Berlin, near Inglowood. It weighs 74 lbs, 8ozs. 15 dwts.; is 14 inches long, 7 inches wide, and 3 inches thick. It was found at about eight feet from the surface. 1 A marriage will take place in Bacchus Marsh on Wednesday next, at Trinity Church, which is intended to be a grand affair. A large number of persons will doubtless attend to witness the ceremony. The dramatic performance in the Central School on Tuesday evening last was a decided success, although the hall was not so full as we could have wished. The pieces presented wero "'The Spectre Bridegroom," and " More Blunders than One." The female parts weore sustained by Mrs. and Miss Gell, and great praise is due to those ladies for coming forward on this ,'-- a :" ....i... tor' "'.- .l,,srv tohe waem. c,. A. Denny, as the melancholy Nicodemus, seemed to have found a character he could make his own; in fact, we consider it his best. There is, however, one fault in this gentle man's elocution which we would wish to point out--that of dropping his voice at the end ol every sentence, so that the last words are entirely lost to the udicnce. Mir. 1, Crook, as Squire Adwinkle, and Mr. Sy monds as Dickory, on whom the comic business devolved, woro excellent, their simulated terror on the appearance of the supposed ghost keopt the audience in fre's of aughter. -r. Ce, as Paul, had little t , but did it well, Mr. RlobsorA, - .t .Sli , an/ 1 N o,,u ,anded Estate, directio,--.4 , Yout nianagemont and deqvel.:]aptain Vauntingtu?, i'SOf)i( -~e'iy t o the success of the piece, and dressed the character to perfection. It is to be regrotted that his stay in UBacchus Marsh is limited to a few wooleks, as he would be an acquisi tion to any dramatic company. The dresses of the ladies were deserveodly admired. During the interlude, Mr, W. Donny sang two songs in his best style, Mr. Robson and Miss Crook following with a duet for flute and piano, which it is almost needless to say was greatly appreciated. In "More Blunders than One" Mr. E. M. Cairnos sustained the par1t of the blundoring Irishman with genuine humour, and a richness of brogue scarcoly to be surpassed. His efforts excited roarsa of laughter. Mr, Siymonds, as old Mel. bourno, was not so successful in this piece, the promptor being frequently necessary. MIr. I. Crook, as Trap, had little to do, and was not loetter perfect. 'lThe two lntt meintioned charac ters should haveo been dressed more nearly alike. Mr. Rtobson's Young Melbourne was all that could be desired; hlie muade a decided hit in the recon ciliation with Louisa. Mrs. Goll acted better in this piece than in the formner oneo. Miss oll, as Louisa, was rather nervous, but acted fairly enough for a lady amateur. A slight change of scenery would have greatly contributed to the success of this piece, more plarticularly in that part whore the stomach punmp is called into requisition. The proceeds of the performance are about £8, and as all the performers paid for their own droscos, the balance to be handed to the IMchanics' Institute Committeeo will be betwoeen £5 and 0G. 'Thle entertainment at the Pontlhand IHills School on Thursday evening was a very great success. The hion. correspondent has forwarded the fol. lowing :--" Would you h,o kind enough to convoy to the public the thanks of the conmmitteeo of tie Poutland Hills School for the liberal manner in which they supported the ball in aid of t Talk about a success, that wa oce ind s largo building was literally caumed ia, from every part of the Comipais s especially thank the gentlemn Iwo i, fiddle, namely, Messrs. J, ,\at ?n, P J. Grant, We would also take this op of acknowledging the assistan:c of t:,, especially Mrs. Thomas Ianesn, for the she got up the eatables. I don't think saying too much when I affirm that it g, been a credit to any Melbourne caterer, say that I think the funds will be the about £20. With than:s for past fcrp yours, &e.;, Iuoui MEIKLE." f I Heavy rain feloil during Thursday night.. : early part of Friday. The early patt tio was unseasonably warm. 'The assault case of Main v, Murdoch i~.::; mninated in the acquittal of the sccsu~j decision of the jury at the Genesal Sc,. Monday last gave general satisfactiona i and the same has been heartily recip??.': this district. Although we cannot appr Murdoch taking the law into his own han? manner he did, yet there cannot be a do?? T. ho received great provocation from thLeF who really has a most unenviable reptatsi being an exceedingly unpleasant neighbo to his fondness of law. Mr. Vance Gregg, of Strahurley . Coimnadai, has on sale some wine of making, and as ho has desired our opiI we have to say that it is decidedly pa[?ls,::.: we daresay a good sample of colonie :": Further than that our wino"4asting ei does not permit us to go. Mr. Dubout,?esi, ::" takes the palm in the Bacchus Ma?sh d~i?. wino maker. 