SPIRITUALISM. — EXTRAORDINARY STATEMENTS BY ENGLISH NOBLEMEN. FFrom the Oueen.1 The Earl of Duuraven and Lord Adare have printed for prirate circulation a voluaio, closely printed and of considerable size, con taininc iifi carefullv DreDareil reDorts of as many sittings with Mr. Home. The Earl of Duuiaven introduces these reports with a preface, in which he states that he went to the investigation completely sceptical, and left it completely convinced. That is, we understand, what will bo reported by the Detective Committee of the Dialectical Society, only that the Committee have strictly limited their experiments to the physical phenomena of motion without cou tact, and sound without visible impiut. The noble Lords who are the joint authors of the curious volume to which we refer appear to have witnessed and tested phenomena of a very different class from those to which the Detective Committee have directed their experiments. In the 55 trials they have minutely narrated, not only did they witness all that the Committee have seeu, but a great deal more that was both curious and inexplicable. It seems that their investigations were made where only such an examination would be of any value — in the house of the examiner, where he may be positively secured against the possi bility of imposture by prearrangement of mechanism. The scenes of the phenomena described by the noble Earl were Dunraven Castle and his mansion in London. The authors have permitted the American news papers to extract largely from their volume, so that its contents are not secret. Fifty copies ' only were printed, and these have been given j to the friends of the reporters ; the English newspapers have not been favoured with the same permission to extract from it as j was given to their American brethren — a distinction for which there appears to be no sufficient reason. It can scarcely be that the writers object to publicity ; for there is no secrecy when a book is once in print. Moreover, they have placed their names upon the title-page, and thus have given the best pledge that they describe only what they verily believe they saw. Having gone so far, it is to be regretted they have not gone further, and published the work for information of all who feel an interest in the subject of it. Let us hope they will yet do so. Their reports are certainly very remarkable. Both attest to having seen Mr. Home raised from the floor and carried round the room more than once, in their own salons, with none present but a few personal friends, and therefore making collusion impossible, and precluding the common explanation of delusion by the presence of six witnesses to the same fact at the same moment. They certify not merely to having seen, but to having measured, an expansion of Mr. Home abodyby',6 inches in height. They have seen him carry live coals in his hand and on his head, his skin being unburnt and his hair uneinged, though themselves could not touch the coal without a burn. These are material facts about which there can be no miattke. utUMoobleLorddescribeainore. which u net B * capable of demonstrative proof, because it way be a subjective and not an objeotive operation* that is to say, the image may be in the mind only, and not actually existing without. But, howsoever to he explained, both assert that they have repeatedly seen spirit forme in their room. They describe them as being extremely shadowy, rather outlines than shapes, and therefore the psychologist may be excused for setting them to the aocouno of 'the mind's eye' instead of tho body'i eye. This is a common and a very probable result of the adoption of tho Spiritualist view of the phenomena that undoubtedly occur; seeing unaccountable motions, and hearing inexplicable sounds that do communicate something that is intelligible, though nob always intelligent, the majority of speo- tators, unable to find a ready solution ia physiology, at once set them to the account of spirits — which is a convenient solution, for it will account for anything. Profoundly convinced that all is the work of spirit*, it is not surprising that they should expeot to catch some glimpses of the invisible beings whom they believe to be moving about thorn. They strain their eyes to Bee. The wish is father to the thought. By an evory-daj tendency of the mind to think it sees what it expects to Bee, images really formed in the mind, and existing only there, aw readily supposed to be, and to the individual really appear to be external objects ; and thus, as ghosts are seen by those who believo and fear, so spirit? are seen by those who, firmly believingthem to be there, in fact, hopti and perhaps expect to Bee them there, anl when supposed to be seen, the description always given of a dim outline or shadow, Bomewhat indistinct, betrays at once tho true nature of the vision ; it is within, and not without. But all of this conjoint pro duction of Lords Dunraven and Adare should be read if only as psychical curiosi ties, and as demonstrating that it is not altogether an imposture or a delusion, and that there is some substantial truth at tho bottom of a great superstructure of imagina tion which it behoves the scientific world, and above all the physiologist, to investigate for himaelf We have already stated with much cars the reasons that have led so many of tho recent investigators to the conclusion that the phenomena are not produced by invisible spiritual beings, but by the agency of some force, proceeding from the nervo centres of one or more of the human beings present, which force may be, and frequently ia, directed by the intelligence of one or moro of tho8e'persons, acting cither consciously or unconsciously ; the general opinion being that it is an unconscious action either of the brain or of one of the nerve centres. Where causes are as yet obscure we can reason only by taking into consideration all tho condi tions that attend the exhibition of the effect?, and see what hypothesis they most favour. In this matter, as our readers will remember— and, if they forget, we request them to refer —all the conditions attending the proved phenomena not merely point directly to tho agency of the persons present, but are en tirely inconsistent with tho hypothesis of spiritual agency. It is true that the precise Bource of the influence that proceeds from the human being is as yet untraced, whether it be brain, or ganglion, or nerve ; so also with the manner in which tho force actually operates upon the material bodies presented to it, and how it is directed by the intelli gence of those present. But because we have not explored and discovered the physio* logy of these facts— being, in truth, aa ignorant of it as we are of the manner in which a cabbage is converted by the digestive apparatus into blood and flesh, or how the arm obeys the will— we are not therefore justified in jumping at once to the conclusion that because wo cannot account for it so far as our present knowledge of psychology extends, therefore it must be the work of spirits. Seeing what sorry exhibitions of intelligence are made in the course of these phenomena — how utterly inconsistent they are with any conceivable notion of the spirit world — surely the rational course is to exhaust the possibilities of physiology before we take refuge ia spiritualism. Perhaps it is not generally 1 understood that spiritualism ia something | quite apart from the phenomena we have been describing. The Spiritualists look upon the force whose existence inav now bo deemed to be proved as something quite contemptible. Upon this small basis of facts they have erected a gigantic structure, ingeniously put together, and forming a shapely whole, but built of dreams. Imagination and fancy aro the architects ; nothing of it is proved, or even capable of proof, and scarcely will any part of it bear the touch of reason or oi scientific investigation. Here- after we may perhaps present to the reader an outline of this marvellous creed of Spi ritualism that has been thus erected upon the fact that a force is exhibited whon jtrFona of a certain peculiar organization are present. But wo aro treating here only of those physical phenomena which are obvious to the senses, and therefore capable of demonstrative proof. Our next work will l-e an endeavour to suggest tho direction which physiological research should take for the purpose of tracing tho influence to its source in the human organization. ' Fathkr, Comb Homk.'— An excessive indul gence of grief is not only to be avoidod becauao it unfits us for the performance of tho active duties of life, but also became it occasionally leads to the annoyance of our fellow- creatures. An instance of the danger of giving way to uncontrolled regret was afforded on Saturday at the Thames Police Court. A. strong, powerful man, named William Onion, has, it appears^ been before tho Court about 50 times. Ho has been taken out of Whitochapel, Shadwoll, and Stepney churchyards at midnight, aim/iug melancholy dirges, alleging as a reason for thus disturbing tho neighbourhood that bo was only singing over his father's grave, ' Father, come home ;' although, on tho other hand, it has never yet boon decided in what cemetery hia lost relation ia interred. On Frday evening his grief took the turn of intoxication, and having with very brutal violence demanded money and liquor from two sailors, he was taken into custody, and sent for one month to prison, from which, indeed, hahai or.ly been released on the preceding Tuesday. It might be as well, before Mr. Onion's captivity again comes to a close, that a strict search bo made among tho different churchyards he fre quents for tho bones of his father, and when they are found, that an order from the Home Office, or the permission of tho Bishop of tho diocese, be obtained for their removal to somo secluded cemetery, where he may utter hia piercing lamentations without causing 'general inconvenience.— Pall Mall Budget. Great Nduqet.— Something like a nuggofc was some time ago thus spoken of by the &t;» Francisco Ifeics Lctta'. — 'We were shown, at the asFay office of Messrs. Rogers, Mara, and . Lawrence, of 512, California-street, this magni ficent specimen. Well is the mine from which it came called the ' Monumental,' when it pro duces such a chunk as that which those gentto nwn were kind enough to invite us to nee. The chispa in question weighB l,145Jf ozs., and its value is §21,379 75c. It is fine, bright gold, semi-crystalline, and the specimen is nearly pure. As we said above, it was taken from tho Monumental, in Sierra County. The mine is ft continuation of the famous one of Messrs. Rout Brothers, and, having been formerly worked «t a plater with great success, was supposed to bo woiked out and abandoned. It was ovento&lly; taken up by Messrs. Farrish k Co., who op&nod; a slaft in order to strike tho quartz vein. They came upon this rich deposit, and in one day took out over $48,000. The, great vein is w-t yet reached, yet the Company U content with. it& work so far. * ? 