SINGULAR MURDER TRIAL AT THE CAPE. About a year ago (says the Cape Argus) the body of a native woman was found in the Kat River, close to a drift. It was evident that a murder had been committed by strangling. The men who imiun tho clisoovory were some native servants of the Chief Kama. They reported the matter to the magistrate at Fort Beaufort, and the field- cornet at once proceed ed to the site of the murder. A brandy bottle was found not far from the body, and the spooi-s of velechoens were to be detected at the road-side whore the struggle had taken place, and also at the bank side where the body had been thrown into the river. The scene of the murder was not for from Qab.n's knuil ; the murdered woman was identified as Qaba's first wife, Meitje; and accordingly tho people of the kraal and others, Qaba included, were summoned to attend at the magistrates office. The roads were muddy from recent rain, and after the people were in court, tho magistrate directed that an examination of the footprints should be made. Volechoen marks were detected similar to those at the drift road, and it was found that they were Qaba's. Ho was arrested. But as 110 further evidence was forthcoming, lie was dismissed. The murder and arrest occurred in J uno. last. In January of this year, Tabashe, a woman who once, was Qaba's second wife, and Qaba himself, made statements charging themselves and the Kafir Tom with entering into a conspiracy against Meitje, and fixing the. act of murder upon Qaba and Torn. Both these men wore accord ingly arrested, and last week they were brought to trial. Qaba pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to be hanged. Tom pleaded not guilty, was tried 011 Friday, and acquitted. The chief witness against Tom was the self-convicted and condemned murderer Qaba — a peculiarity in evidence which will deserve notice at some future time. At present wo will follow tho main line of Qaba's story. About May last, or thereabouts, lie made up his mind to become a Christian, and as lie was, according to Kafir custom, a . polygamist, lie resolved to put away his second wife — he had but two — and marry the first, Meitje. This he did, the marriage, right being performed in the Wesley an Church at Fort Beaufort. The second wife, Tabashe, lie sent away to her brother's place, near, the Debe, but she came back to Qaba's place, though not to his lint, iLi-ectly alter tlie marriage, xaoasnc was tnu ,'ounger woman, and Qaba longed after her. scarcely was tho marriage with Meitje cele mated, when tho thought of murdering her, ind of repossessing Tabashe, presented itself to IJaba's mind ; and it would seem from her own onfession that Tabashe consented to the plot. Poison was twice procured — once, it is said, 'ro 111 Tom— and twice was the attempt made ;o lure tho unfortunate victim to eat and die. Whether the poor woman suspected anything or not, she refused both tho poisoned coffee and the poisoned meat. All this took place within a fortnight after the marriage of Meitje and tho divorce of Tabashe. Disgusted by his want of success, Qaba then applied, as I10 says, to Tom, who at once declared that the thing could be done by the hand as well as by poison, and undertook to do it. Qaba overjoyed at the boldness of his accomplice, pressed payment upon Tom, but, after saying that he would do .it for friendship, lie accepted a promise of .£'2, which Qaba said Tabashe had hoarded up. Tho bargain was struck, and it was arranged that Qaba should toll Tom when Meitje would be going on a journey. On a certain Tuesday in Juno last, Tom received tho ominous notico tho next morning, boforo sunrise, Moitjo would cross tho drift at tho rivor. On tho satno day Qaba sent Tabasho to Fort Beaufort for a bottlo of braudy. On Wodnosday morning, before tho sun wns up, Tom stolo off by his own way to tho drift to wait for tho victim. About tho same tiino Meitje, followed by Qaba, started" from thoir hut for the sauio place. When tho poor woman roached tho drift, she was pounced upon by two men, Qaba seizing her by tho hands and Tom grasping her throat. As soon as sho was dead, tho murderers took her kerchief from her head and tied it round her neck, and with tho grass ropo with which sho intended to bind a bundloof mealio stalks they fastened her hands. Then they carried her to tho brink of tho rivor and throw hor ovor. As sho only foil upon the shelving sido of tho bank, Tom went down and thrust her into tho water. Qaba then placed tho brandy bottlo, with a littlo brandy in it, noar tho body, so that it might bo supposed that "somoj drunkards " had done tho deed. This was all j over by tho timo the morning broke, and having finished thoir work the mon went home to their breakfast. So far goes tho talo of Qaba. Tho jury and tho judgo considered that tho evidence of Qaba, although sub stantiated by that of Tabashe, was not sufficient for tho conviction of Tom, and acquitted him. Tn the version of the murder which must thereforo bo received, Tom's part must bo re jected, and Qaba must stand alono as tho brutal slayer of his wife, aided and abetted by Tabasho. This woman has been virtually allowed to play tho part of Queen's evideneo, and will not bo prosecuted. So that Qaba only remains for tho law to deal with, and whether he singly committed tho fatal act by tho rivor sido or whother ho was assisted to do it by others, there can bo 110 question about tho righteousness of his sontence. Twico ho tried murder by poison and onco I10 did murder with tho hands. This ho himsolf doclaros to be true. In tho leport of tho judge's charge his lordship is made to say : — " Tho circum stantial evidence, considered nloue, was favour able to Tom. Tliero was no proof of his spoor ; ho was not seen with Qaba or Moitjo 011 tho morning of tho murder, and had pro duced witnesses to show that ho was attending to hisordiuary avocations, atid could not havo boon prosent at tho rivor side. On tho other hand, Tabasho Bworo that ho told hor, soon after . .. tho deed was perpetrated, " wo havo killed Meitje at the river," and Qaba had sworn positively to Tom'scomplieity. Upon the credi bility they gave to Qaba and to Tabasho de pended the life of the prisoner. Were they persons to be believed Qaba might be animated by a feeling of revenge, or by a; hope of a mitigation of sentence ; I10 might have a lurking idea that by dragging in another he should protect himself. Tabashe was also in terested in screening herself ; she stood even now in imminent peril. She had not been admitted as Queen's evidence, 110 nolle prosequi in her favour had been entered by the Crown ; nor had she received tho Queen's pardon. Might it not be that, in giving testimony against Tom, sho wished to relieve herself of the shadow of tho gallows. The evidence of these persons wns full of inconsistencies. There was 110 evidence to convict Tom with the crime except that of Qaba and Tabashe." The jury, after consulting together for about two minutes, returned a verdict of not guilty. A Land without a Law of Lima. — Tho San Frnnciscan papers woll repay perusal. Journalism in San Francisco has bocomo a science. The Sews Letter awl California Advertiser is readable throughout, and at times amusing. Its" loaders" aro short, swoot, and strong, with forciblo and tolling "titles. One upon Savage, tho Fenian organiser, hoadod "A Howlinsr Savage, " comparos that hero to " Horaor's wi: I boar," to tho small-pox, and to "a prirao ratilcsnako." "In opposition to Savage," says tho writer, " wo trumpet wildly upon our larynx." Anothor loader remarks that " law-making is possiblo bore, because thievos find it moro profitable to legislate than to work." A third, ontitled "Tho Knave Market," denounces Mr. Ward Beechor as "an Arainent idiot and a fourth upon opium- growing, rejoices in " the possible elimination of opium — which gives a nicer drunk than whiskey — of tho worthless element in our population." The paragraphs or notes are brisk oven to personality. One headed "The Bourbon amongst us,"' gives tho biography of a gontloman who is "by profession a barbor, by education and instinct a lonfor." "Ho bestowed his dainty band upon a daughter of our State, and fattons peacefully upon hor worldly substance at No. 2 Dupont-place." No doubt this gentleman, as Colonol Diver observed to Martin Chuzzlewit, "yields to tho Popular Instructor which hns a hold upon owcr citizens both in pub-lie and in pri-vato life," and so refrains from " rilin' up." And, after all, he is not so badly treatod by tho j Xei os Letter as are its contemporaries and ' thoir oditors. To subscribe to tho Pacific I Churchman is " to clothe the ribs of a holy I drone with pious fat." The editor of the ! Occident being in "a financial crisis," "the I godlv havo given him a lift," in tho shape of a strawberry picnic, at which " wo pray Heaven," says tho News Letter, " tho editorial stomach may prove equal to the unaccustomed tension." As for tho Bulletin, a humorous correspondent ineots tho devil in a dream, and recognises him as "a gentleman whom I have often noticed hanging about tho Bulletin office." The San Francisco news is not devoid of interest. It appears that tho life of a Chinaman is unsafe in tho streots, or, as it is forcibly put, " few insurance offices would caro to go a heavy Rtnkn nn the life of a Golostial." The ladies hold meetings in favour of female suffrage, which are chronicled as "the last Yow-yow of tho darlings at Dashaway Hall." Also a new liotol has been built, to which, and to tho stores on its basement, tho oditor gives a good six columns, with an engraving of tho building. Immigration, it appoars, is also brisk. " Let 'cm come," says tho News Letter, " Irish and Germans together," and may tho two races " neutralise each other's political influence, and give the native citizen a chance." Au reste, San Francisco seems dull. A Dalmatian has died there "without leave," upon which the News Inciter appropriately remarks, " 0 Dalm," and so closes its local intelligence. But trade is brisk in the Wostern City, and tho News Letter — "an Arkymedian Leaver which moves tho world " — has discovered quite a new way with advertisements. Ordinary advertisements crowd its columns, and fill even tho double margin — or " six- foot" way — between the two pages. But it also contains a species of notice in which tho puffory advertising is carriod to such perfection as to deservo the title of a fine art. These aro skilfully devised paragraphs, called "goneral business notices," and aro in thoir way beyond all praise. " To the afflicted." " Havo you a wife ?" " You may wish you hadn't, but you oqually wish to mako the best of her and, to do this, tako her to a certain store called tho Ville do Paris. The Neios Letter is equally severe upon its countrymen. 1 1 contains an article in tho best style of our London weeklies upon the Cali- fornian " girl " — or, rather, young married woman — " of the period." This young lady's prayer is, it appears, " 0 Lord, I am sold. Fred has only $3000 a year. Keep down our expenses. Revenge me on raiuo enemies — especially that Jow woman. And make Fred very lucky, for I want several things very badly just now." This is bad enough. A cruol cut is an announcement that in Nice "everybody speaks English except a few Americans." But then San Francisco is a city whore culture, like trade, is "looking up," and where even Chinamen ride bicycles. To this littlo Western daily wo havo boenindebtod for so much atnusemout that wo hardly like to make fun of it. We congratulate tho Letter on its French. We wish, also, that we could congratulate its conductors upon their know ledge of Holy Writ. A San Franciscian wag has actually hoaxed thorn with an extract from the Song of Solomon, which purported to be original. In publishing this, the Letter says, " some raving maniac has sent us a mass of stuff, of literary depravity, which savours strongly of Walt Whitman, and which he calls poetry." This " lunatic in love " displnys such "ignorance of grammar" that he dosorves "frantic indifference." Well, after nil, no one — not even tho Pope as yet — is infallible. Thoro is much that is "new" in tho papers of San Francisco, though their knowledge of Scripturo does soom less than "ornory." — Echo. Tub if an with ax Eyb for Cobwebs. — The effoininato man at home — and I10 likes to bo at homo — is mainly remarkable for his curiosity and his interference in domestic matters. Ho knows what tliero is for dinner and has a voice in tho ordering thereof ; ho is often in tho kitchen, and continually in the nursery, where tho nurses learn to disregard his presence. Ho has oyos and ears for everything that is very small or very trivial. It is he who spies out tho dusty corners ; ho who checks tho loaves of broad ; ho who poops behind tho blind whon tho cook talks to tho baker ; he who notes whother tho butchor is longer in dolivoring his log of mutton ovor tho area-gato than neod bo. Suspicious and constitutionally timid, he magnifies the fear of followers in the pantry and of thioves at tho plate-chest. It. bolongs to him to hold sins of the senses and tho passions in respectable horror, and if his man trips ovor bis glass of wine, or his maid loves with more forvour tlinn wisdom, thoy havo dono for thomsolvos with him. lloavoii itself is not so severe as ho against tho frailties of the flesh in low pooplo ; for, like women, he thinks convontionnl vul garity a sort of wickodnoss, and vice which drops its li's and affects bad tobacco infinitoly moro vicious than that which is romarkablo for eloganco and good-breoding. Ho is care ful of his health, of which ho frequently com plains ; avoids damps, nnd oast winds, cold, fatiguo, and tho suinmor sun ; is norvous of all epidomics, and is only to bo pacified by tho newest specific, which he invariably trios and believes in. Tho consequence is that ho is moro or loss a valetudinarian, and thnt I10 is as good as an annuity to tho doctor ; unless, indcod, I10 is mad enough to fancy himsolf a doctor by tho light of nature and a popular handbook of medicine, whon ho quacks him self and his housohold all round, without a momont's misgiving. As a rule, ho is moro parsimonious than gonerous in his dealings, and his wife finds money tho most difficult thing to bo had. Ho gonerally pays tho bills himself, and does a good deal of marketing; but he may bo ostentatious as well ns stingy, and he is sure to bo vain and fond of finery. Ho wears much jowellory, and is particular about his waistcoats and shirtfronts. Ho is groat as a connoisseur in ladies' dress, and if ho is good-natured will design costumes for his wife, and himself superintend tho fitting on. He has a quick eye for millinery, and detects a bomo-mado article with unerring precision. He probably adds to this a di- lottanto kind of love for a minor species of art, and is woll up in old china and brie <l brae. Or, if ho lives in tho country, he is known for his tasto in flowers, and dovotes himself to his greenhouse with enthusiasm. Ho has no iuterest in politics beyond depre cating all now movements, and wishing things to remain as theynro; and I10 raroly reads the papers farther than the polico reports, tho latest murder, and tho roviews of novels aud travels. And ho has no real ambition, how- over desirous of social eminence ho may bo. Work of a manly and sustained kind be has never tried, but ho will givo hours and days, and all tho febrilo, fitful energy of his nature, to tho arrangoment of his furniture, tho best display of his objets d'art; and ho is invalu able in country places ns the active man on a coramitteo for a school feast, a flower show, or the like. Ho is dull and vicious in tho society of men. His wholo sympathies go with women and their occupations, and nothing ploases him more than to be tho only man in a roomful of ladies. Yet I10 is a tyrant in his own way, and r.is effeminacy is intensified by tho obstinacy and love of domiuion so often found in concert with weakness. Ho allows his wife no free will, no timo to horsolf, 110 unshared duties ; ho is master and mistress, father and mothor in 0110, and whilo placing tho sole aud wholo valuo of woman's life in love, takos caro that in his own case, at least, it shall includo unqualified submission. As a man with men he has the smnll self-assortion that wishes, to bo undisputed cock of tho walk, aud lie sometimes makes beliovo to crow, but tliero is no real fight in him, and ho gives way before tho first challenger. — Pall Mall Gazelle. A Land of Ghosts and Go runs. — Nor mandy is full from end to end of old legends of all kind ; and has tho distinction of possess ing all tho hideous as woll as tho lovely shapes into which superstition and fear havo moulded ignorance. Loups-garous onco abounded in Normandy ; and oven yet. tho belief in theso horrid creatures still clings among the lonely and tho timid in remoto districts, where drainage is bad, and tho school mastor not abroad. As for ghosts, they are everywhere; so are changelings ; so aro hobgoblins; con cealed troasurcs mako tho oartli beneath one's feet rich and boautiful, if one only know how to get at them ; but how to first propitiato tho dwarfs to which thoy belong ? There is no thing to bo done without them, and not all the king's liorsos nor all the kings men aro of the slightest use if les Goubelins are dissatisfied. The rumour of concealed treasures in tho hamlet of Pincheloup, in tho Commune of Trouville, was so great in the lastcontury that a short time beforo tho revolution broko out the garrison of Pont-Audemor was sent to search ; it came back empty-handed, for tho Uouboiins naa not been consulted. The treasure lies thore to this day. Also treasuro lies at tho bottom of Orval, in the Fecamp valley, snugly packed away in certain grottoes ; also in the mountain of Bremont, where a sow, breathing flames, holds tho way against all invaders, nnd did once really force a serai- historical person, an Italian, to rotire. Troasuro lie3 at tho Chateau de la Robardiere, on the southern border of the forest of Dreux, guarded by l'Htfmme Blanc, a magnificent follow, who appoars to tho eyes of boliovors on the most holy anniversaries, especially 011 all tho fotos consecrated to tho Blessed Virgin. Tho " white mail " is a noble creature, and does no harm -to any, save to those who would sacrilogiously meddlo with tho treasuro he is appointed to guard. For one hour in the year, however, the way is open to tho outsido world. During tho Christmas midnight mass, I10 and all other treasure-keepers aro off duty, and ovcry one cau enter and take. One minute boyond the last words of tho service, and all doors and concealed ways reclose with a swiftness which doos not allow oven a groan or a sigh to pass. Bayeaux has other old bo- Iongings besides its tapestry, one of which is the legend of tho fairy wifo of Lo Seigneur d'Argougos. It seems that Seigneur d'Argou- gos, being ono day out hunting, as all seigneurs woro wont to bo in thoso days, met twenty lovoly ladies mounted on twenty snow- white palfreys. One of.those ladies, apparently their queen, was of a yet moro incomparable beauty than tho rost, and of her tho good knight became so suddenly, and desperately enamoured, that I10 offered to marry hor on tho spot. Tho fairy consented, on the ono condition that I10 wns novor to pronounce tho fatal word, death, boforo hor ; and tho knight undertook to obey this not too difficult con dition. They were married, and lived for many years in supreme felicity ; having a quiver full of boautiful children to increase thoir joy, and knowing only peace, plenty, and prosperity. Unfortunately, ono day, tho fairy wifo mado hor husband wait such a desperately long time whilo sho adorned liorself to her satisfaction for the tournament at which he was to assist and sho to shino that ho lost his patienco and his memory, and in a sharp rebuko pronounced tho forbidden word. No sooner had it oscaped his lips than Bha gave a piorcing sliriok, and vanished, leaving, howovor, tho impross of lior hand on the door of the chateau. Every night Bho may be seen, drossod in whito, wandering about the scone of hor former joys, sobbing, and crying " La inort 1 La mort 1 " Donth, Death. That this story is absolutely true is proved by tho arms of tho house of Argougos, which bear a female figuro, untrninmollod by millinery, with the conclusive motto — "A la fco." — All the Year Pound. The Enamelling Business in Paris. — The National reveals some of tho secrets of the " enamelling " business at Paris. Recently a lady well advanced in years, who had renounced tho pomps and vanities of the world, was curious to know some of the tricks of this trade and repaired to a famous professor of the art for rendering hor sox " beautiful for ever." Addressing the Parisian " Rachel," she said, " Perhaps you mistake tho motive of my visit, I have come to endeavour to repair what is irreparable." " Madame, I am quite at your service," said tho enamel lor. "Well, how do you go to work 1" " I employ several methods. If yon wish to be done thoroughly, like (naming a certain great lady), several days of preparation aro necessary. Look in this magnifying mirror. You see all the wrinkles and hollows which time has imprinted upon your face. Well, I first fill up these hollows by these line silken threads, which are carefully laid in each wrinkle, nnd attached by some adhesive preparation. This takes a very long time, and requires great dexterity of hand. When every wrinkle is thus filled up, I spread over the face one of my preparations, which fixes tho threads firmly to the skin, and keeps them all in their place. After that a slight dusting of violet powder, which must be con stantly renewed. This process will last for a month after which it must bo repeated." " Well," said the lady, " but during the month, how about washing the face." "You must not think of washing, not even blow your nose. That would disturb tho position of the threads laid in the crow's feet, madame." Tho priestess of the Fountain of Youth then detailed more minutely other less elaborate means of. re pairing the ravages of time, mentioning various titled dames who had been "rejuvenated" in a most successful manner, and informing her visitor that " permanent beauty," equivalent to a new skin, cost only 500 francs, and other minor improvements in proportion. A Scandalous Elopement. — During the past week the inhabitants of Chester, and especially thoso in Bishopfields, have been edified with tho report of a scandal alleged to havo occurred in Bishopfields, which, from the woll-known position and apparent respoctability of the parties concerned, has created no small amount of interest and gossip. Tho details, so far as we have beon able to ascortain them, are as follows : — In Bishopfiolds, for some years past, has rosided a half-pay major, well known to most of tho inhabitants by the prominent part he took in local affairs generally, having fillod the officoof secretary to the Literary Institute, taken a loading part in the management of the schools, and evon oxerted himself actively n3 a Sunday school teacher. Ho was just the sort of man, in fact, whom his neighbours would look upon with confidence and esteem. Being considerably past tho prime of life, that s to say, naving nrrivou at rne mature age oi lixty-throo, I10 might reasonably havo been iupposed to havo passed that period whon .omptation is tho strongest and folly is somo- ;imes condoned on account of the youthfulness if the porpetrator. In this instance, too, the ;ase of an invnlid wifo rendored conjugal duty v matter doubly imperative. Within an easy listance of the major's house have lived for lomo years a gentleman (an official at tho mil way station) with his wife and family ; and mooting frequently at public meetings and Dtlier places, tho families wore on very friendly terms, frequently visiting each other's houses. Die Indy is thirty-five years of ago, and the mother of four children. A week last Monday sho left Chester, taking with hor her youngest child, on a visit to some friends atBootlo, near Liverpool, and staying thoro till the following Saturday, when she suddenly left, 110 one know whither. O11 Saturday last, too, tho gallant (?) major left his home in Bishopfields and pro ceeded to Liverpool, whore, wo behove, the eloping couple, for such they woro, met ; and it is supposed they have sinco crossed the Atlantic to the shores of America. Letters have, wo understand, been received by tho wifo of the 0110 and the husband of tho other, which loave no doubt as to the fact of tho olopoinent ; and tho latter, it is stated, has even gone so far as to send a detective in pursuit of the fugitives, with the object of rocovoring his child. It is asserted that the perfidious major had at tho timo made ad vances, with a viow to a similar achievement, to ono or two other ladies in the neighbour hood. It is to be hoped the woman may live to repent her folly, and the man to reap the reward he so richly merits. Wo beliovo onr American cousins are adepts at the use of the cowhide.- — Cheshire Observe r. Hereditary Drunkenness. — Tho offspring of the confirmed drunkard, rich or poor, will in herit tho original vice or some of its countless protean transformations. The external aspect may in ono case be less revolting and coarse than the other, but none, as a rule, can escape the inevitable law, written in tho most hidden rocosses of our nature, in accordance with which tho children do suffer for the sins of the paront, and oven at tho third and fourth gene ration tho taint is hardly wiped away, save by tho extinction of line or family. For the disoase which leads to theso sad consequences thoro is but one cure — total and entire restraint ; so as to prevent for a long period any possibility of indulgence in tho depraved tastes and habit3 ; oven this is too often un successful. For a timo, under this enforced discipline, a cure seems to be effected ; but, whon tho subject of it is liberated, he too often takes unto him seven other devils, and the state of that man is worse than at the first. It would, I think, ' bo waste of timo merely to point out the vory obvious practical deductions from tho forogoing con clusions ; and tho duties which a duo re cognition of their truth entails both upon in dividuals and upon society at largo. I have enterod thus at length into the subjoot of in toxication as affecting after generations, in tending it as a fypical illustration of tho mode in which all vices affect progressive human welfare; and becauso I believe that the use of intoxicating drinks, in what is oalled modera tion, is a foarfully growing evil in our country. — A Physician's Problems. 