THE DEPRESSED STATE OF THE COUNTRY. MEETING AT NORWOOD. " I am, dear Sir, yours faithfully, "Henbt L. Galbeatth. On Tuesday evening, February 8,a meeting of the electors of East Torrens was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, "to devise means to ameliorate the present depressed condition of tbe colony." There was a very large atten dance, and His Worship the Mayor of Kensing ton and Norwood, Mr. E. T. Smith, occupied the chair. He read the advertisement conven ing the meeting, and said he was folly aware who had convened it, but he observed that from its ambiguity, any representative of the Par liament who might have been invited might, had he wished sot to appear before bis con stitueats, made as an excuse that the advertise ment ha/i not been signed by any onp. As the question was likely to be agitated throughout the colony, he thought it would be well if con veners would attach U-eir names to the adver tisements. He heartily sympathised with the movement, and was -pleased to know that there were gentlemen in their midst who were milling to be op and doing for the welfare of tbe country. Whilst asking that each speaker should have a fair hearing, he hoped that any gentleman who might speak would be temperate in bis remarks. Mr. C. S. Haae moved the first resolution — " That in the opinion of this meeting cheaper land and increased facilities for agricultural settlement are absolutely necessary for the pre servation and future progress of the country.'* It was the liberal action that had been taken by Victoria with regard to her land system that had induced him to move in the matter. On drawing the attention of some of their mem bers of Parliament to the fact, he was told by them that the Victorian system would ba no where. He subsequently spoke to Mr. Skelton and Me Clark on thejsubject, and they were of a like opinion with himself and were determined to advocate cheaper land. (Hear, hear.) Cheaper land, he contended, wouU be the only salvatioa of the colony. (Cheers } In Queens land the Government were really giving the land away, so that it might be cultivates. In America the farmer could get his' land for nothing, provided he occupied and cultivated it. Although many difficulties bad to be con tended with in clearing the land, he was sure, under such terms, the poor of England and other parts of the world would be willing to accept tbe offer where they knew by their own steady toil they wonld be able to make a home for themselves. He would not ask that tbe land here should be given away, bnt he would ask what had been Mr. Strangwaya's land policy? In their distress he and his colleagues had mocked them, and offered their agricultural areas at £3 as acre. In Victoria a person could take up by free selection a block of 320 acres at 2s. an acre per annum, w^ich, at the expiration often years would be constituted a freehold. Where snch advantages were offered by another colony he was convinced tiiey would be ruined if we did not devise an equally liberal if not better land system than onr neighbor. (Cheers.) A large number of the fanners had left, and he heard that 15l) had passed through Mount Gam bier during the past few weeks, and were taking op land across the Border, simply because it was cheaper, although the Mount Gambier laod was better. With these facts before them, they must be qp and doing to meet the difficulty. If the fanners left them, what was to become of them ? Business would be gone, and, with the people leaving, they only wonld remain to inhabit a city of ghosts. (Laughter.) It was necessary that their trade and commerce should b« encouraged, and he believed prosperity would only follow when they adopted some such measures as Victoria. He thought they could devise a more liberal scheme, because, taken as a whole, the land was not quite so good as that of Victoria, and they could, ac cordingly, afford to sell it a little cheaper. His scheme wauld be to have the land at free selec tion at a yearly rental of Is. per acre for 20 years, when it should be constituted a freehold. (Hear, hear.) The areas, as at present occu pied, were too limited, and in consequence were worn out He wm opposed to the idea of the wheat absorbing the whole of the agricul turist's attention. With increased area he would have one-fifth under cultivation, and the remainder kept in ■" good heart," as it was called, by the manure from the stock upon ths farm. Instead of tbe land being poor as now, it would, as a consequence, be kept rich. The great win tupon small farms was manure. He should heartily join in. memorialising His Ex cellency to dLmiss the present Parliament— (cheers)—and would only 'support such gentle men as would pledge themselves to remedy the present evil. He had nothing to say O?f"H any individual member,* but", as a whole, be thought they were not the men to rallj round and checkmate the Government or these important matters. He believed thai if there was a general election many of tiu old members would be returned, and he hoped. with their minds strengthened, a measure would be adopted which would be useful to the colony. (Applause ) ISx. A Dowib seconded the resolution, and in doing so said, although he did not t ike a pro minent position in political affairs, he looked upon the present as a period in which every man should apeak out hid opinion on this ques tion. He agreed that it was necessary that they should have cheap bind, and pointed to that as one of the chief causes of tile prosperity of America all along. Thar neighboring co lonies had lately adopted a more liberal system, and were prospering. (Hear, hear.) South Australia had prospered whilst her land laws had been,more liberal than the other colonies, bnt now die tables 'were turned, and the population was moving away. There was another reason why they should get land cheaper. During the past 18 years South Aus tralia had found a good market for her wheat is the other colonies, but from the fprfliriaa with which these colonies could cultivate the land they were enabled to grow enough for them selves and were thus shutting our produce from their market. He was . not disposed to take such a gloomy view of the prospect* of the colony, bnt had faith that with its natural ad vantages, more liberal legislation, and the in dustry of its people, it would be a great and flourishing colony. Mr. J. A. HoldeN had resided in the neigh borhood for 10 years and more, and he was sura no one would accus; him of being a public character, but he believed that any man who was a lover of his country, and had its interests at heart, would come forward and exercise bis influence in an emergency like the present. His object in coming forward was to support the resolution ; and he fir.nly believed that if they did not have cheaper land they would very soon lose the bone and sinew of the colony. (Hear, hear.) And if the fanners, who were the bone and sinew, left, the tradeis would see that it was to their interest to leave also. (Hear, hear.) He should1 go in for land at 90s. an acre, free selection and deferred payments. He thought the Victorian system should ba their extreme limit; if anything they should go cheaper. (Applause.) He was in favor of ten yearly payments of 25., and the land in fee staple. He should like to join is?ue with a a writer in the Register newspaper signing himself "Capital," who said if the present agitation continued the value of tbe land would be depreciated to an enormous extent. This was a matter which required calm con sideration, and if " capital " or capitalists were injured by their action, they should consider and not in j ore them. He contended that if they gave up the land north of the Buna, north of Port Augusta and Port Lincoln, it would not deteriorate (he value of land per manently one iota. Capitalists said—lf you i bring down the value of land, we will call in our securities,-and the colony will be ruined. He thought this would not be the case, and wonld go in for a reduction of the price to 20s. j an acre, thinking that this would not decrease the value of land mateaially. As they increased their population, so they were obliged to push out, so that the-land almost Valueless to-day was worth a considerable amount of money to morrow. In America portions of land were set aside for educational purposes. The rent ac cruing from these portions paid for the educa tion of the people. That put of Mr. Hart's speech as to tile value of land in Victoria, he did not agree with. He thought our land was quite as good. (No, no.) Well, then, what was the use of asking the same price for it? It only showed that we should offer ours at a cheaper rate. (Hear, bear.) He hoped all would put their shoulders to the wheel, and endeavor to get a Bill giving cheaper land; and if the Parlia ment could not agree on a measure it would be better that the House should be dissolved. (Hear, hear, and applause). Mr. Buemak wished to know, as it had not been mentioned, what would relieve them at the present time. The Chal?Uan said the means suggested for their relief would form the subject of other resolutions. Mr. Councillor KIE&ABER; expressed himself favorable to the resolution, pointing out the important position in which small freeholders — the class he represented—would be placed in should 40 or 50 per cent, of the population go away. He thought money should not be sent away from the colony to bring people in it AU the money sent away since 1851 was, in fact, thrown away. (Hear, hear.) Theie were three things that ruled the world- -intelligence, labor, an I capital—and if a man had capital without intelligence he was no good at all. (Laughter and applause). The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. John Class was sorry Mr. Holden stated that he was not a public character, be cause in every country where manhood suffrage eiisted, all should take an interest in public affairs. He moved—" That an adjustment of the tariff, admitting raw materials duty free for manufacturing purposes only, is also essentially necessary for our interests." They had seen long articles in the papers, and that statesmen had changed their views, and it was only through the fear of being charged with incon sistency that they resisted the better impulses of their nature. Men had left the old country wish views, pcihaps, protectionist; perhaps, in favor of free trade, at.d those views had under gone alteration daring their stay here, bnt they were afraid tostate that, because they were afraid of being charged withinconsistency. (Hear, hear, and applause ) Let them take tbe Chamber of Manufactures, with which he entirely agreed, a.9 an example. Individual members would irit dowa and talk with him, entiiely agreeing with what he said, which in reality was rank pro tection, but when he got on ths platform to propose anything on that subject they scouted him immediately. (Laughter.) The last two days they had been treated to long arti cles in the Advertiser as to the existing de pression—the writer going to France, England, and America, to prove that depression in trade had not existe 1 alone here. With regard to protection^ having destroyed trade, as was said >ythe writer, he said, on previous occasions he had known the portions of the letter of tbe London corre pondent struck out on account of its containing views on this question objec abletionto thefcditor. Mr. Phillips here rose, and said he did not see that the letter of tbe London correspondent of the Advertiser had any thing to do with tbe electors of East Torrena. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. Clabk thought Mr. Phillips was like the Register newspaper—he did not know what he meant. ■. It was untrue that tile protective tariff caused a depression in trade. It was tile excise duties Arhich did it. There was no necessity for the writer in the Advertiser to refer to America. He might have gone to Victoria. In that colony, since McCuUoch's tariff in 1864, there had been a total revulsion. Previously, tbe population was migratory, but the alteration of the land system, and the revision of tie tariff, had been tbe means of increasing and establishing a population. (Hear, hear.) Two scalea of tariffs had been introduced in their own Parliament, but they were withdrawn through the action of the Government. With out population the colony would go down, and the Government through their action, or want of action, were losing their best mechanics and fanners, who were going to Victoria. The loss of mechanics was through their not en couraging colonial manufactures. The men wonld not have left had they any work to do. He was sure the slops used in this colony would pay wages amounting to £150.000. It would have been a great deal better had the Government looked after the colony's interests by preserving the manufac turing population instead of wasting time in scrambling for the loaves and fishes. (Laugh ter, and hear hear.) He believed there were many good and honorable men in the House, and he hoped if the memorial to His Excel lency tbe "Governor to dissolve tbe House was complied with, those gentlemen would be re rurned by their constituents with modified views. Mr. Baker, the memher for Light, bad charged him with being responsible for the present Ministry going in, stating that he, at a meeting at the Hamburg HotaL expressed his regret at the action «f Mr. Beynolds, aad that was the cause of his going out. He (Mr, Clark) shonM regret if tbis'were tilt case, as he went to the meeting and spoke extempore and just as his feeling? prompted him. He wonld, however, *ay this, tbat rather than put the present Government in again, he would run the risk of putting in Mr. Reynolds. (Bear, henr.) One of tbe members of the Govern ment had been found guilty of a misdemeanor, and another of bartering their patronage for a valuable consideration. (Applause.) Mr. F. G. Hales seconded the resolution. He attributed the cause of so many leaving the colony to bad legislation, and considered it the duty of every man to seek for a reform. Whilst advocating a liberal land measure for the agri culturist, he thought they should favor protec tion, and offer facilities to mechanics by pro tecting industries. He believed their represen tatives wereagainstprotection, because it would not be to their profit to advocate it. He gave instances of the benefits accruing from protec tion, and contended that Melbourne, which it had been predicted wonld go to ruin, had, from its protective policy, attracted our mechanics. His Excellency, he belie .red, wonld be called upon to dismiss the present Parliament, as they wwre unable to give the colony what it required. (Hear, hear.) Two measures they needed—a more liberal land measure, that the fanner might cultivate the soil with advantage, and protection to such industries as wonld attract a working population. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. J. SKELTON thought not only had tbe Government proved themselves corrupt, but also politically dishonest an-1 thoroughly in capable. They could not understand the idea of knocking the duty off raw material, and they were incapable of understanding differen tial duties. There was never a more barefaced transaction than that in connection with Oobb and Co.'s tenders, and he believed there were too many contractors and agents in the Parlia ment. He spoke in condemnatory terms of the Treasurer, remarking that much as he disliked Glyde and Beynolds, he wonld far rs&eraee; them in the Ministry than the present men. These was one matter which had gone through tbe House whicU he wanted them as electors of East Torrens to consider. There was a Bill which had pawed its third reading in the House byamajorityof three, about which he waste to speak to Mr. D. fisher. (Laughter.) E bad prepared a map of the South-Eaxtei District at some expense, and he. -won] point out some of the land' throng which the Sonth-East«rn Railway woul have to pass, rhere was Mr. Riddoch ha purchased 24,934 acres of laud at about 21s. 6( an acre, and arail way was made theie at an ci pense of £800,000, and they had to pay £ an acre if they wished to buy land. It wasoi of tile most barefaced swindles ever put befoi the people. Then there was the Sirathalbyn rai way costing £5,500 a year, and a person offere to take it for £50j), but he was glad to get on of his bargain. He was sure this South-Easter Railway wonld cost them £40,000 a year. B read a letter from Mr. H. L. Galbraith* follows :— " Dear Sir—Allow me to state a few facts i connection with the proposed South-Kaster Railway, which, I think, are not general! known. "Firstly. The statistics purporting to be correct return of the goods aad passenger traffi which passed through Penola during thre months, and recently laid before Parliament o one of the discussions oi the South-Easter Railway Bill by Mr. Riddoch, are, to my know ledge, quite unreliable. I know who collect? them, who paid for their collec ion, and hoi they were manipulated so as to meet the view of the person who paid for their collection; am were an opportunity afforded me I could easil; prove that not one tithe of the stated tram actually took pl*ce. " Secondly. From my intimate knowledge o the South-Eastern District I can confident!: state that if one train per diem is run, as pre posed, from Lacepede to MacDonnell Bays, tb returns will not pay for grease to the wheel and fuel for the engines. The quantity of gocx agricultural land in the hands or the Crown ii the South-East is very limited in extent, uu to the east of the proposed railway to the boon dary of the province with Victoria, from Narra conrte to Mount Gambier, a distance of over 6 miles, there are not 5.000 acres unsold; and t. the etat of the proposed railway, for a width o ten miles, from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier there are not f',ooo acres unsold. Me Riddocl snj two or three others hive certainly, throogi our present land system, acquired large estate along the proposed line, but I think it is hard!; fair that the colonists of South Australia shoult be saddled with an enormous annual debt aierel; to put some thousands of pounds into the hand of two or three individuals who, by giving faisx statistics, and log-rolling (give it its mildes name) in the House of Assembly, have beei trying to feather their own nests at the expensi of aU other colonists. " February 4,1870." He thought the whole of the best land in th< Sonth-Eastern District was taken up, and whai was the use of spending £800.000 for the bene fit of only 16,000 acres of land. He moved : "That from the acknowledged inability-of tin present Parliament to meet die difficulty ir which the colony is placed, ibis meeting re solves to memorialise His Excellency the Go vernor to dissolve the present Parliament, ii order to afford the country an opportunity o! ek-ctiaggentlemen who are capable of dealing with tile wants of the colony." Me Councillor Nienabeb seconded with plea sure. He confessed he was ignorant witl regard to the South-Eastera Bail way, till hi had heard Mr. Skelton's explanation. Be be lieved those explanations were true, and if he was a member of the House he would enquin into the matter, and only vote where he thought it was proper. (Hear, hear.) It was time thrj gave the Government the sack, and he would second this motion with pleasure. Mr. D. FIBHEB said as his colleague was not present, he thought he must be ill, or that something had gone wrong. He admired Mr. Skelton, because what that gentleman took ii hand he went into with body and souL (Hear, hear.) He admired the spirit by which he was actuated. It was true what he had said—that he (Mr. Fisher) would have to meet his con stituents, and he was glad to meet them, tc answer to them with regard to his action on the Sonth-Eastern Railway Bill. He was the first when canvassing for a seat in the House tc express his views on the laud question, and they were free selection, deferred payments, and bona fide occupation, and he had yet to learn that he had swerved from that. He bad spoken in the House advocating a more liberal land measure, and he had nothing to answei for. A ratepayer here asked the speaker some thing abent the extension of squatting tenure, but he was ruled out of order. Mr. FJSHEB, attended by Mr. Skelion holding a candle, amid mnch laughter, the? proceeded tc point out on the map various portions of good land in the South-Kast near the line of the rail way. He stated that if that railway was not there a good deal of the trade of that district wonld go to Victoria. He was so satisfied that the South-Eastern Railway was one of the beat things for the South- Eastern District that he would vote again for it to-morrow if necessary. He admitted that they would feel a depression for a short time, in consequence of its construction. He had no interest or property in the South- Eastern District, so that bis vote was entirely independent. (Hear, hear.) He had intended signing the petition for a dissolution of the House, but a gentleman snatched it out of - faif hand saving, "i-on't, Mr. Fisher." The House was ba'Uy constituted, everything being at sites and sevens, lie hoped after this state ment, Mr. Sk-rlton and himeeli would be bettei friends. Mr. GalbralTH explained tlat as Mr. Fisher had challenged his statements, he would like to say that on the east side of the proposed railway there were not 5,000 acres, nor on the western side 5 000 acres of good land in pos session of the Government. The motion was put, and declared carried unanimously. Nr. BuenhaM wonld like to know whether Mr. D. Fisher would take that memorial into Parliament, but the Chairman pointed out that this could haidly be fairly asked. A vote of thank? to the Chairman doted the meeting. 