"Meeting Extraordinary. " A LARGE and influential meeting was held last night at the Hoal and Korner Tavern, for the purpose of securing the return of S. Brass, Esq., Mr. Henfrey Gosling Sportman in the chair. " Tbe Chairman said although the weather was extremely HOT, he would endeavour to keep COOL. (Tremendous cheering). He said we must put in Mr. Brass. " Mr. McFlea said he thought it was all U. P.; for he had heard so much of COPPER to-day, that he thought Brass was up a tree. (Loud moans.) " Mr. Slimskin said ' All the world's a stage.' " At this remark Mr. Bones was convulsed in laughter; so much so that an apopletic fit seemed inevitable. He, however, came round and said ' So help me ten men and a cat.' (Cheers.) " The Chairman here frowned and _ looked very stout.^He said this was no time for sport; thcy'must look to business. They must put Brass in either by fair means or foul. They had been fair long enough; but that dodge to make Tom Attio out an infidel wonld'nt suit. If we can't get 'em to believe It here, we must try to gull them at the Creek, for Tom Attic is pretty strong up there. (Fearful cheers.) " Mr. M'Flen said he still hoped to win, and hoped to «ive the other side a good tanning. ,, " Mr. Britcharts rose to order. He could not sit there, and listen to the diabolical allus>on to TANKING. If any person wished to apply tbe insinuation to him, he would fling it back with scorn. (Horrible uproar and applause.) "Mr. M'Flea said " Beg pardon,' and embraced Britcharts, weeping sorrowfully the while. " Britcharts smiled, Baid ' Bosh/ and sloped. " Slimskin then said: 'Thou art gone from my gaze.' " Bones laughed, and asked' Who's hep* Hie Chairman said ' Brown.' '" What Brown P'inquired Bones. "' Why, the Brown that would'nt take a bob for hi« vote.' (Groans.) " Slimskin then apologised, and jaid, ' Most potent, grave, ItTC""- . *' M'Flea said that wag not the querfcon. " On reference to the Chairman, that gentleman said the question at issue was, whether tbey were going to return Bam Brass or Tom Attio P • - " Slimskin said be'd been sold. He once thought that'birth and education,' and the ' heads of the people,' could do anything, but it was all' rot.' (Agonising moans.) " The Chairman said,' Alas 'tis too true. Let's change the subject.' " Slimskin then suggested'dwinks'all round.' " M'Flea here fainted at this blood-thirsty proposal. A horrible commotion ensued, Bones remarking * It's awful.' Slimskin, however, in the twinkling of an eye, applied bis mesmeric influence, which had the effect of bringing the sufferer to consciousness; but still he was very weak. The shock of * dwinks all Knmd,' was too tnuoh for his system. A Btretcherwas immediately procured, the sufferer placed upon it, when he was conveyed home,' Bones and Slimskin following the mournful procession, and whilst proceeding along the road the beautiful strains of the Jews-harp, played by Slunskin, as an accompaniment to Bones's sublime song, 'Have Yon seen the Ghost," rendered the scens deliriously distressing. During the reading of the above, Mr. Bichards commented upon each passage, which created considerable laughter in court. It was no donbt very funny ; be thought so when he read it, and be laughed most immoderately -at the time, and he believed everyone else bad a good laugh when they read it. Thpir worships would see that S. Brass, Esq., was | meant for S. Goold, Esq., who was then a candidate for election, and that Tom Attic was meant forMr. Gar&tt;, (Mr. Elyard; Only that he was put a room higher. Laughter.) so your worship. Mr Henfrey Gosling Sporuman, was substituted for Henry Gordon Morton, Mr. Slimpskin referred to Mr. Simpson, the plaintiff, who is made to say " All the world's a stage," and " Thou art gone from my S aze " " Most potent, grave, and reverend." Now their worships knew that Mr. Simpson was in the habit of taking part in concerts, and being that way inclined, it was but natural that he should use such expressions. We all bad some favourite expression, Mr. Simpson sometimcB says "rot."' Mr. Jones, who is here described as Bones, sometimes says "So help me ten men aud a later (cat ?"') (Laughter.) He was himself called Mr. Britcharts, and the " tanning" alluded to referred to a little speculation of bis some years ago at Broughton Creek. " Britcharts smiled and said bosh,'' now he had a habit of saying " bosh " to any thing that was ridiculous. Brown was introduced and something abont refusing to take a shilling for his vote, which is followed up by Slimskin shouting for " dvrinks all wound *' and Bones singing " Have you seen the ghost." Mr. .Bichards then appealed to their worships, whether it was cot time to put a stop to the publication of those gross libels. Was the paper such a one that they as men and as fathers could admit in their houses, or allow their Daughters to read ? (Mr. Watson Where is the immorality P) Was it not their duty to take proceedings and put a stop to the publication ot such scandalous ana gross libelsP (Mr. Watson : Prove them ) There were other papers published by this defendant wherein his client was described as the " Iriend " | of Mr. Lovcgrove, aud in others where tbe expression " friends and relations were made ute of, referring to Mr. Simpson as the friend of Mr. Lovegiove. h was, he thought, their duty to suppress this scandalous paper- Mr. Elyard: lou have a remedy by applying to (be Attorney General, who would no doubt pat b atop to the publication if it was immoral. Mr. Richards continued : Your worships might think it strange that my client should seek redress in this court. Had we gone in:o the Supreme Court the expenses would have been very considerable, aud :t is hard to suy who would havn to pay them. llis clieut did not seek special damages, but mrrely wishec 1 to put a stop to tbe defendant libelling him. John Lionel Simpson, sworn, deposed : I am the Manager ot the Commercial Bank, aud have been so for the last fifteen months; had seen letters Eignerf "Enquirer;" did not write them ; don't know who did / I have seen answers to "Enquirer" in the News; I have read the libel; it relers to me; have not tho slightest doubt it iB intended for me. Mr. Richards here wished to put the paper in as evidence- Mr. Watson : What's that? Mr. Bichards : The paper containing the libel. Mr Watson : What have 1 to do witb it ? Connect me with it. Mr Richards here put in defendant's affidavit maJe in .1867, stating that he was the printer, publisher, and proprietor. Mr Watsun : I object to this course of procedure. This document was produced in April last, before the Distr'ct Court, aud has remained in tbe possession of Mr Bicharda even since; it might have con- nected me with tJe newspaper then stated to contain libel, but the papers now Baid to contain libel were publisned subsequent to the document being furnished from the Supreme Court. Why not prove that I wus the publisher of the alleged libelous paper, on tbe day of its date. Tbe newipaper might have changed bandB a hundred times since. Mr. Elyard: If you will make affidavit that you have parted with tbe paper, it may have some effect. Mr. Waddiugton : Will you make affidavit that tbe paper is not voure. Mr Watson: It was when I made that affidavit, but it is for the plaintiff to prove that it is now, not me. Witnesscontinned : I apply tbe paragraph to myself; on tbe 9ch of April last a paragraph in the case BuBsell v. Watson, appeard sl'uding to me BB a fitend of Lovegrove's ; ou the 18th June there is an article in reply t<| " Enquirer;" in the same issue he says I am going to leave the district; in another issue I am identified as " Lord Dundreary," and also as *• Slimskin I felt annoyed at the articles; I have been met by boya who bare baid" there goes Lord Dundreary." Cross-examined by defendant:. It is in a speech of Mr. Garrett's reported by you where 1 am referred to as the Terrara Xord Dundreary ; I do not know of any meeting of the *- friende and relations" of Mr. Lovegrove being held at the bank ; am not aware that Mr. Bichards was deputed ^ i wait nnnn Q emBuding a certain unpublished letter; I bavebehrd so since; the meeting at the bank was permiscuous; ynur name mi mentioned; you never told me that I wrote " Enquirer " to the Independent; I will not swear that the article refers to me; I swear that it ia my opinion, only ray opinion. Mr Watson : Your worships, I thiuk by reterence to Council's Magisterial Digest nn page 391, No, SO, of tbe rules of evidence that opinions of unqualified men cannot be entertained. Mr Bichards: That refers to criminal law. Mr Watson: That is yonr opinion. Cross-examination continued; Ibope that I have borne a good character since I have been in the district; I have been greatly injured by the article,- every one who met me mentioned tbe article; Mr Bichards was one who mentioned it to me; I took proceedings-the day it was published; I did not go with Mr Bichards from bouse to boute bunting up people's opinions.. Mr Richards: What has this to do with the case; I have s^n the magistrates in public boueeB. CrosB-exam'nat'On continued : On my osth I know nothing pbout Enquirer;! never made or beard of A bet about spelling the word " sure;" I never wrote the letters signed John fkmety, H. G. Morton deposed—Would not I swear the anicle referred to Simpson ; it was bis opinion, John Lamond deposed ; Believed Simpson ,n t ^ ^ h ® aTtl f? r«i8^nH0n„ho w,th ^En ^ror " W F o ® defendant t Do not remember your saying - that •• - you believed • I- -J SimpBon O.- wrote the article Bigned Parnell; I believe you blamed the schoolmaster at Tomerong. David Hyam, sworn: Could not remember Mr Watson telling me that Simpson was " Enquirer." By Defendant - You said that you were told Theodore Kigg was " Euquirer. " Thomas Jones, sworn t Bead the article, believed it referred to Simpson. By Defendant • Am not a subscriber to the paper. H O Brettell, sworn : Bead the article, aud when he did so, he said " Poor Simpson." By Defendant : Am not a subscriber, I tbink you told me last June twelve months that Simpson was tbe Terrara Lord Dundreary. There were eleven other witnesses, but the above were considered sufficient. For the defence Mr. \V»tson stated that he believed Simpson was not the writer <>f the libels upon himself signed " Enquirer " for he was told tliat they were written by a servant of Mr. Itichardo, aud known to Mr. Bichardti, but he be/ieved that Mr Simpson knew who wrote thorn, and also that he »aa the writer of the "Joiin Parnell" libels, lie had considered it his duty as a journa iet to oomment upon Mr. Lovegrove's uegl e^t "f duty, some time ago, aud ever since, he l>ad been weekly libeled by the friends of Mr Lovegro»e who had not the couture t-> attateh their own name* to their slanders. The magistrates retired to consider ihoir verdiot, but nut but'uro Mr Bichards t..! them that it would be oi.ly insulting Mr Simpson to award him less than £10. Time were for giving bat amocnt, and throe were for dismissal,' Mr Aldcorn was called in- Shortly after they reiurut-d a verdict for £5 kud £2 costs. 