CHAPTER XXL-SIR HOKE "WYOIIEBIIY IK HIS BEDROOM. Sir Koko Wycherly's man, the grave ana gentleman like Mr. dewson, had spent nearly two hours in his master's bedroom, accompanied by Dick Willock and Mrs. Wyndle, in reversing and recasting the whole of that provident housekeeper's dispositions for the com fort of his gov'nor, as ho called tho baronet. Ho moved about and inspected and countermanded and adjusted with a quiot but sublime sense of respon sibility, which impressed tho imaginations of tho simple peoplo of llaby. Thoro was no question whether the thing was right or wronger se or easy to accomplish, or next to impossible. It was simply to bo done quite inevitable, and to bo set about with silent and resolute resignation. The dressing-table was too near tho winnow, J."« bed must bo got foin- feet further from the fire. Mr. dewson had to placo beside it, among other things, tho lamp mventod particularly, as ho informed Mrs. Wyn nie, for his master, by "Mussier Lumbell,"of Paris, which thero was but ono other in all tho world the same, and tho empress had that, and by experiment he showed them how when it was thrown ever so little out of the perpendicular it extinguished itself with unerring pre cision, and there were little tinted glass globes, rose coloured when the baronet was in tho dumps, nud green when ho wished to read. Ho had boen offered, himself, forty guineas by Mr. Budisman of London, to take a model of it, but no coudn't allow it for no money; for wc were put undor obligation of honour in writing to Mussier Lumbell. So he showed tho lamp and nil its tricks with a gravo pride and condescension, and tho There wns further side a little thermometer which further side of tho bed, away from thcito-Ç t which it was his duty to maintain at a.S^y^iu'ock dressing-hours and bedtime. Ho got ^^0K ¿ "jd to 'oblcego' him with a hammer and some,bu*s, ho actually went down upon his.knees tctacK so little strips of gutta-percha to the dooinext tho to protect tho baronet from *k°s VÍiftU& "f Azracl . which he feared like the fanning o "otabit Though so great a gentleman Mr.,p.lews° Xreàdy. proud. He put his hands to his things quite reany ' There was a most elaborate and splendid dressing case, which ho had only time to disoloso generally, They were dazzled. The spirit of magnificent dandyism had been stronger upon the baronet when ho purchased it some twelve years ago. In sonic respects he had. sobered, and illusions of that kind had subsided since then. The lust of tho eye and tho pride of lifo had since been dim med and cooled in the first solitudes of the valloy of tho shadow of death. And the other box, very neat, but by no moons gorgeous, polished oak, bound with brass clasps, a chest, with a thick brass ring at each end for handles. Yes, evidence of the panic and chimeras dominus agrotus. Tho medicine chest with the wonder ful Doctor Vandovelve of the Brünens of Nassau, physi. cian, magician, imposter, who yet unquestionably wrought sanitary miracles, induced so many of his rich patients to his advantage, at all events, to purchase. The medicines wore mysteries from his own laboratory -extracted, compounded, procurable in no other sanctum or don in all the world. They saw thcro moro tinctures and drops than Lord Ogleby over dreamed of. It was only a gaze of a few seconds. Timm wnvn German words on tho insiao ot tno cover, ami tue bottles were queerly shaped, with eccentrio stoppers, and might havo held tho famous Bottle Imp, or oven Asuiodeus. " Dear mo !" exclaimed Mrs. AVyndle, who had horsolf a housekeeper's taste for quackory, and admired this exquisito chest accordingly. Tho baronet's dressing-gown and slippers were dis played beforo the fire, and wore a little shabby-very shabby, in fact, for so great a gentleman. Very grand when new, no doubt. But they had got rubbed and old ; and lessened with a Benso of dissappointment and relief tho immenso distance which Mrs. Wyndel had felt widening between her and tho groat man, and brought Mm down, in one point at least, to tho lovel of mortals. It was past ll o'clock as. Mark Shadwell wished good-night to his cousin, Sir Boke, at tho threshold of his door. The baronot smiled and waved his hand, and shutting his door, his face looked at once leaner and moro haggard, and ho yawned dismally; and his dreary eyes looked restless and fierco as ho turned them from place to placo in his chamber, and asked dewson if tho water was there and everything right, and screamed at him, with a curso, to know "where tho -ho had hid away those drops, and why on earth they were not on tho table?" and told him, with an oath, he was not " worth his bread and butter." Sir Boko had nerves and a liver, and had been twice or thrice, in a gouty panic, to Vichy. His charlatan at the Brunens had given him a habit of swallowing these drops and other physics, _ But although in this, as in his fastidious appreciation of feminine beauty, he resembled Lord Oglcby, he boro no other resemblance to that high-bred type of invalided English chivalry. lio cussed ana swore nawne, ne aid." nir. uiewson said, and ho well know that fact before ho entered his service. But such missies break no bones. All things wore taken into account in Mr. Clowson's salary, which woidd have made many a hard-working vicar, to say nothing of curates, open his eyes. So now Mr. Olowson with a countenance as incok and reverential as if a bishop had just blessed him, pointed out with a bow tho identical dropB which Sh Boko had overlooked, closo to his own hand. i "And please, Sir Koke, yonv dressing-room is ready," said tho man, with the samo reverential inclination indi cating the door. " No," snarled Sir Roke; "no, just got mo to bcd, will you ? I'm tired to death by my-journey in that rumble-tumble machine. I'll go back in my own." Sir Hoke began to inspect his features in the glass which the man sot before him. " As tired as a ghost, by Heaven ! I look as if I had pulled it all tho way myself. By Jovo, this- placo will kill me." There was a pause, and ho muttered " How young ho looks ! I might be his father almost to-night-always grumbling- tho most good-for-noth ing fellow on earth. Novor thanked God for a mouth ful- no more than I ; and, by Jove ! he looks a dozen years younger than he is ; good-looking-a devilish deal better looking than I fancied ho could bo j and I dare say, thinks himself an Adonis. "We'll see. I'm awfuBy cut up. Those- roads. I must have something. You've got that curacoa, dewson ? WeU-here-here ! will you ?" and he tapped angrily with his fmger-tips on the table beside him. "Yes, I do look awfully seedy. I don't think I ever looked so seedy in my life. D-n you, do you," Just tho sort of thing to happon me. Will you give it or not ?" He leaned back in his chair, and sipped the cordial a little, and ended by swallowing what remained with a gulp. His squire stood by his elbow with tho high shouldered foreign bottle j Sir Boke held the glass toward him and had somo moro. "Take it away-?will you?" said ho, still leaning hack. " Yes, I feel a little more naturally now ; and ho stopped forward and again inspected himself in tho mirror. " And look-see-yes, ono would say, now, there's a little blood left in mo." And he hold up his head and almost simpered, ho thought his pink cheeks so becoming ; and this and tho glow consequent on his " nippas dewson called it, made him feel wonderfully comfortable for a few minutes. " You look a little tired also, Clowson ; they gavo you your supper, I hope?" He was so busy about tho rooms, he had not had timo yet. " That's vcay bad management, Clowson ; you did not got your dinner, oither- these little commissions for me. You ought to bo sharper, Clewson-old traveller, you know. Just get me to bcd-wo'll not bo very long, will you ? and then just wait in tho room there, till you see I'm asleep : and then for goodness sake, do be off and get something. Tho merciful man, you know, takes caro of his servant, tho Scripturo says," said he, looking up at the cornice in a peevish -reverie. Sir Hoke did not know voiy much about tho Scrip ture, no moro did his man, and so the quotation passed mustor. And as tho impulse of the curacoa subsided, Sir Eoke's benevolence abated, and before ho got into bed, I'm sorry to say, ho was snarling and swearing, and never alluded to Clewson's suppor again. Old Wyndlo was a good-natiu-ed woman, but I think no stimulus short of curiosity would have kept her up and awako inlier room to give Mr. Clewson Iiis supper, which was keeping hot before tho Uro. Sho could seo that Mr. Clewson, great a gentleman as ho was, was something of a slave, and stood in awo of that bleak, savage, selfish temper; that ho was afraid of Sir Hoke, who yet seemed "such a nice gentle man," " spoko to her in tho gallery so friendly ;" and as tho clock chimed half-past twelve, and at last struck one, and sho grew uncomfortably Blecpy, she wondered how great folk could be so hard on their servants ; " and that poor gentleman Mr. Clewson, looking just Uko ho was going to faint with hunger-nothing oise-and ho not daring to swahi li scrap o' cold meat, afraid ho should smell it. Smell rt, indeed ! How could ho smell a san'wich ? Lud 'a Piercy, sich noses ! And ho, poor gentleman ! down on his knees, to mako ovorytking ready, and himself »ot ablo to stand ! There's usage for servants. Aud I remember tho poor old master-how ho'd look n'ter his horse, when he'd como in, himself, many a time I mind it. That was for a horse-and here's now for a own. Who'd a thought, vwi' his pretty blue oyes, he'd ever 'a been so bard, an' a good-natured little fellow be waa ?" "When Mr. Olewson did come to tbe liousekcep's room, wi tb bis tap at tho door, "Billie Winkoi, the dustman," had been with her, as she was wont to say to tho children long ago, when yawning and nodding set in, and he thought tho old woman looked at least ten years older, and he, she thought, " fairly worn off his feet." But supper is tho great restorative-sloop, we know, is "groat Nature's second course "-tho first being what wo have mentioned ; and Mr. dewson, for whom and his gossip she had waited for so long, was now quito a now man, and, though gravo and sedate, was yet energotio and widc-awako for tho ton minutes that followed, over his tea, which, late as it was, ho preferred to any other hovorago. There was nothing cynical-no sort of animus in Mr. Clowson's little sketch of his master-neither was there flattery. If it was not a prepossessing picture, it was not Mr. Clowson's fault. "Well, lie's none o'that loft, no, ho ain't soft nor good natured, main, ain't Sh Roko, but the situation's good, main, very good ; if it wasn't, no man would keep it. He allows a good deal o' liberty in off times-so you gets through your work punctually he doesn't care if the old boy had you. Ho pays liberal, and bo passes on a deal o' things-'ansom- things-to tho person as fills my situation. It is a huncoimnon good situation, but it requires a very superior person to fill it ; he would not keeii no ono boise, and no sich person would keep tho place if tho hemolumeuts was less than what they are. Wild ? Well, I don't know what you moan, quito ; ho's very reg'lor, main, and ho has bis pleasures, I do suppose, like other gentlemen-more, I dessey. His 'ealth ? It was had two years ago, but I _ don't think there's voiy much amiss with him now. if ho would give over them drops and physics. Ho can go through a deal of amusement and pleasuring, when ho likes, ho can. Them's to himself, of course." " Between him and his Maker, poor man !" interpo lated Mrs. Wyndlo. " Quito so, mam ; and I don't know nothink o' tho matter," said Olewson, with a quiot decision, which seemed to shut that subject up. " You've heard him, now and again, I dessey, talk o' tho old placo and peoplo ?" suggested Mis. Wyndlo. "Which o' tho old places do you mean in particular, mani ?" inquired Mr. Clowson, who recollected several haunts, both in Paris and London, which had disap peared from time to time. "I mean hero - Baby-Wynderfel-and the old family, and old friends-simple folk, like myself-he used to liko old Dolly Wyndle, pretty, little, soft fellow he was ; running to my door every hand's turn, for a bit o' cord, or a handful o' saltpetre-you wouldn't suppose how they used to burn it-or au apple. I want this Wyndle ; and, Wyndlo, give me that ; and so 'twould he ; wi' bis pretty blue eyes-and I often wondered if he talked of old Wyndlo ever ?" and she paused. " Well, as for places, mam, ho never likes no placo for long ; and I don't think ho cares for no_ ono-not that cup o'tea," replied dewson, not satirically, but gravely, as stating a metaphysical fact. And with this and somo moro gossip, Mr. Clowson took Ms leave. And as bo might easily miss his way, old Dolly Wyndlo conducted him to his door by tho back stairs and gallery ; and ho paused and listened at tho door, and opened it as softly as a thief might ; and whispered his adieu, and on tiptoe entered Iiis room, and shut tho door slowly and soundlessly, as if his lifo depended on Sir Boko's sleep, although tho dressing-room interposed botween bis bed and his master's. (TO BE CONTINUED.) THE BOUDER DUTIES.-Afc a recent election meeting in Victoria, Mr. G. E. Jones assorted that that colony pocketed £25,000 a year by tho border treaty entered into with Now South WaleB. DEATHS BY DROWNING.-WO aro informed that two men, named Kelly and Quinn, woro drowned in tho Oarragibal Creek, near Messrs. Gibson's station, on Saturday last. It appears that tho creek was very much swollen by tho late rains, and that Kelly who was endeavouring to swim across it, from fatigue, or some other cause, showed symptoms of drowning, when Quinn went in to rescuo him, and both perished. Tho deceased wore in tho employ of tho Messrs. Gibson, Kelly as stockman, and Quinn as shepherd. Tho bodies have since been recovered. It is.rormrtcd that a Mr. Lovott, an innkeeper at Marule Creek, was lately drowned on tho creek.-Burrangong Argus. A LONG CHASE.-Sergeant Webb, of tho Mudgee constabulary, says tho Western Post, started from town on tho 14th instant, in pursuit of the suspected thieves who broko into Mr. Bradford's storo at Cudge gong, on tho 9th instant. From information received, ho wont along tho road to Talbragar, whoro ho was joined by the police belonging to that station. They continued the search for four days and two nights, when ono of tho suspected parties was overtaken and arrested on a sheop station on tho Castlereagh river. In tho prisoner's swag was found a quantity of wearing apparel, said to bo a portion of thc stolen property. Sergeant Webb rodo over 200 milos in this affair, and deserves great credit for tho energy and tact ho dis played. ACCIDENT.-On Thursday afternoon a lad, about twolvo or thirteen years of ago, had somehow obtained possession of a gun and ammunition for tho purpose of shooting birds, and proceeded to seek for sport in the bush at Campbell's Hill, in tho neighbourhood of tho cemetery, accompanied by a posse of smaller boys, who wore indueed to go with him by tho bribo of a promiso to be allowed to have a shot. For somo time all went on well, and the gun was discharged several times, but nt last a much louder report was heard, instantly fol lowed by loud screaming. This inducod a person who was -working in tho locality to hurry to the spot, whero ho found that one ot tho youngest of tho paity, a hoy about eight years of agc, had been amusing himself by pouring powder from tho ilask on to a lighted wad, when of course tho whole contents of the flask exploded and tho boy was very seriously burnt about the face, and, indeed, had a narrow escapo of losing his lifo. Maitland Mercury. DEATH BY DROWNING IN THE YASS RIVER.-Thc 'body of nn old man was discovered on Thursday fore noon among tho rock in tho Yass River, near its junc tion with Jones's Creek, by Mr. D. Maguire. Ho instantly took steps to communicate tho matter to tho police, who gave instructions for tho removal of tho body into Yass, wbcro it arrived at a littlo after two o'clock. Deceased appears to have been a strong, able bodied man, of between fifty and sixty years of age. His head appeared to havo been severely bruised. No papers were found on him, or anything by which ho coidd bo identified. Tho clothing on tho body con sisted of a blue pilot cloth coat, twill shirt, cotton handkerchief, and moleskin trousers. There were no boots or stockings on deceased. From what we can leam about tho poor fellow, it would appear that tho name by which ho was usually known was " Yorky," and that he had lately been shepherding for Messrs. Johnston and Ramsay, on tho Merool. Mr. L. Millar, of the telegraph department, thinks that deceased crossed tho Yass River on Wednesday evening, when he was carrying a swag, and was accompanied by two dogs.-Courier. 