electioneering out west. To the Editor of the Dalby Herald. . "»«,— rray ton us. wnat mistortuno nas iiuion w tho lot of your Warrogo correspondent?- Can it bo tlie siguul defoat of Gregory tiio Great, or tho strong waters "-so-libornJly'diatributed by tho Beoluvo Kiug? Surely, it cahnot.vbe truo that bis tliinking wu iuiy una uuout stylo liavo botu taken irigm. oc uio imaginary gallows ereotc -by him in front of the Wnrrego Hotel, and woa the cause of his ucglecting h> record tho prompt and brilliiuit turn-out our I'M. nmdo to capture tho notorious Bertram (who H said has a oountenauco that would put to fiight tho xhc-t of llamlct's faUior), witli liis valiant hutkeopor to curry his conviucor — a billot of which ho seomod m proud as if ho wore oscorting tho celebrated "Houring Meg" of Dorry,— and of tho fright' tho (Iwrleviuians got, thiuking that Tlmnderbolt must hi amongst thorn from seeing a man rido slowly Minul the township, scanning tho fcuturos of onoh ami every individual therein. Tho well drawn sigh j'l content was quite refreshing to hoar whou it bremno known that.. tho ideal detcctivo was no less a personage than a, candidate for. the lionor of ropro- filing tho people, of .this" electorate in thu LegiBlu- hte ABseiubly of Quoonslandl Of coureo a gathoring m tho elite' took place whon rumor had circulated that a grand "eonttormoiit" of Govemniout billots result front our patron being tho chosen ono of the y froo and . independent." My word, did wo »yt pnok up our cars! But,"I am sorry to say, aUhougli I strotohed mine as long as Midias could -imro (lonodiia,— thosouiid_ofwhtttmy8liftM"Wfis to" he did not reach them i though, indeed, somo por- sons were kind enough to say that mention was made ®f my being olovntcif to tho nigh lionor of 41 llnishor" oftlielawV Only think of that! 1 who up to this J alio was nevor allowed to chow buconl If you t null wo did nob (lglit tooth and nail, aiul drink more than .one bucket of brandy, you do us on injustice, d' Attn, wo appointed none -tint those wo oonsidored mil trub blues as assistant rot urniiig-ofilcow. At ono polling plnco, whore noithor coaxing nor promising would avail, wo sont as rcturniiig-onicor a man' who wiwln an inurediblv short tiino before our worthy |ii»gi«lrato for punelilng heads — a real out and out "idler who rmnmiwiwif- operations « tho _voiy_ilrst: vremng of'liis arrival here. This pemiory warrior- hn,»ight with' hint 'credentials us to skill ami energy, aL , ,l,,,rv®l hero creiitod no small sensation. Ono "fins testimonials read as follows s— 41 Tho corporate body yf j; — _n jmvo gt-uut, piensuro in present lug " liconse.to levy bluck-mail (in sliapo of liorsoficsli) on. ull uioso who havo nogloctod to pay thoir rates. This 1 presentation is nmdo In "consoquonco of tho skill uisnluyod by the Uonrer in sueccHsrully conducting nn exploring oxpcditioii 'out. west,' tho startling inci dent of tho said expodition having become matter of colonial history." The testimonial must bo genuine, Oop 0,,,, stately P.M. —whoso social hump has lately grown to bo a boomer— would net choose tho holder as a boon mmjmnioii. I grieve to say that the canny Scot eclipsod us nllognthoi, coinplotely put our pipes out, for he was nil tho go. Whether lio had a lick at the Bhirnoy-stouo, or tlmt his bump of copornosity is turgor than ours I cannot say, but true it is wo laid not a ghost of a chnneo agaiusL him. It would he "witisfiiolory, now the election in over, lolcurii that tins worthy hus fallen-into a waterhole. ' . NON-BUriONKR. 