(To the Editor, of the Protestant Standard.) IMPERSONATING- VOTERS;;.: Sir,— On a review of the ballot-voting throughout tho various electorates, there is reason to believe that unscrupulous vo ters availed themselves of the ready facili ties offered by the Government, to their; mailers, 1 ue peopie— as ior instance,;) t rat- rick's Plains, where within a radius of: 15 miles, not less than four conveniences,, or: polling booths, were provided — enabling any and all who did not choose to keep faith with heretics, freely to go and personate voters on the roll, and wh>, are known either to be on travel, or sick, or . dead. There is most assuredly, a loud call for an act specially to regulate the mode or. manper of taking the vote by ballot, so as to act as an efficient check against this heinous sin against society.: and the Con stitution. And, as we trust some hon.. M.P., will surely '/ vindicate his fitness- for representative Government," by fram ing a measure to meet and checkmate so- glaring dishonour. NEMO. Ark Roman Catholics loyal to our con stitution ? Can they, serve two mas ters— Queen Victoria and the Pore- or Rome?' We subjoin (ex Bullnrio I.nertii Clierubini; Rome 1668) the more remarkable clauses of tho .bull in Ocemu Domini, annually pub lished at Rome on Mriunday Thursday, iu order, as wc are informed in the preface, "to exercise tho spiritual sword of ecclesiastical discipline and wholsomc weapons of justice by tho ministry of tlio supreme npostolate, to the glory of God and salvution of souls." . 1st. Wc excommunicato' iiud anathematize, 111 tile name of God Almighty, Father, Son,- nnd Holy Ghost, and by tho authority of the blessed apo-tles Peter an-1 l'aui and by our own, all Hussites, Wiokliflites, Lutherans, Zuinglians, Calvanists, Huguenots, Anabap tists, Trinitarians, and apostates from the Christian Faith, and all other heretics/ by whatsoever name they- are ca Jed, andof what soever, sect they, be, .as-aLo their adherents, receivers, favourers, and .generally any dc- f aiders of thuin, together with ell who, with out our authority, or. that of, the apostolic see, knowingly read, keep,., print or anywise, for any cuusc whatsoever, publicly or privately 011 any pretext or colour, defend theirdooks' containing heresy, or. treating 011 religion; as also all schismatics. and those ; who withdraw themselves or recede obstinately fr.un the obedience of us, or tho Bishop of Rome for the time being. 2nd. Further, wc. excommunicate, and an athematize all and singular, of whatsoever station, degree, or condition they :bc ; and iu- tordict all universities, colleges,: and chapters, by whatsoever name they are called, who nppeal from the orders or decrees of iis, or the pope of Ro ;.o for the time being, to a future general council ; and those, by whose aid and favour the appeal' was made. Lith. Also those who, under pretence of their office, or at the instance i«f any party, or of any others, draw, or cause, and procure to bo drawn, directly or indirectly, upon any pretext whatsoever, ecclesias tical persons, chapters, convents, col leges,' of any churolics before them to' Ihi- ir tribunal, aiadcuoe, chancery, council, or parliament, ngnjnst the rules of the canon law ; as also those who,, for any : cause,, or under.any pretext, .or by .pretence of. any custom or' privelcgc, or any other way, shall 'make, enact, anil publish any statutes,, orders, constitutions, preginnttics, or any other ilccrces in. general or particular ; . or shall use , them when' made and enacted; whereby the' -ecclesiastical liberty is .violated, or. iu any: way injured or depressed, or' by any other means restrained, or whereby tlic- rights of us and of the snid see, and of anv other Churches, aro any u-ivv, directly, or in directly, tacitly or expressly prejudged. 16th. Also those, who; upon this account, directly or indirectly hinder archbishops or bishops and 'other superior or inferior prelates, and nil other -'ordinary ecclesiastical judges, whatsoever, by any means, ycither 'by im- prisonin r or molesting tlieir agents, proctors, don'irstics, kindred on both sides, or by any other: way, from exerting their ecclesiastical jurisdiction against any persons whatsoever, ac cording as the uauoiis and sacred ecclesiastical constitutions and" decrees of general councils, and especially that of Trent; do appoint; as also those who; after the ' sentence and do- .erecs of tho ordinaries themselves, or of those delegated by them, or by any other means, elud ing the judgment of tbo ecclesiastical court', Inivo recourse to chanceries or other secular courts, and procure tin hce prohibitions, and aveii penal mandates, tu he decreed against the said ordinaries and delegates, and executed against; them ; also those who make and execute these decrees, or give aid, counsel, countenance, or favour to. them. . . . 17th. Also those who usurp any jurisdict ion's, frauds, revenues, and emoluments belonging to lis and the apostolic sec, and: any ecelcsinstieal persons upon account of any. churches, monas teries, 'or other ecclesiastical benefices ; or who upon any occasion or cause sequostcr the said revenues without the express leavo of tho Bishop of Rome, or others lui ring lawful powers to do- it. " This citrsej annually jrronmnced atltcmc. ill" leludes'Jhe whole realm of Britain, those few ex cepted who own jurisdiction to the. Roman See. All we in this land are cursed, so far as the Pontiff can, trebly cursed in this hull, pub lished annnnlly in presence of the Pope and ti c Cardinals.;: Our great crime is that wo obey not the eaiidh law. In violation of thai taw we print, pitblish, and read books which, contain heresy or treat of religion, and therefore' wo are cufscdr In violation of canon law, we hold amenable to the civil' tfibiinals, arc per ilous' not accepting. 'the clergy of Rome, and therefore we are Cursed again. We possess and use, in not a few instances, lands ami inherit - ances which 'once belonged to the Romish Ohureh. in Britain, and which that church claims as still .-belonging, to, her, and. therefore wc- are cursed! '11 third %ic. 'AVe hinder Archbishops- and 'oilier prelates: from exerting; their' ecclesi astical jurisdiction: against a'-ty 'pdrson what ever according tn .the :erinons, 'and especially those of Trent, and so . we are cursed a fourth tunc. All classes from the throne downwards are included in almost! all the inifics of , this maledictory roll. Such is a sample of Rome's, infallible code. The canon law. cannot .cease, . to .he. venerated while hypocrisy aiid tyranny hear any value among men. 'It is by this law Rome would govern the world! would the world let her ; and' it is by this law-, that she is desirons.especially to goyem Britain. -j.! .This . explains what Rome .means by", a spiritual jurisdiction. ; She dis claims tlio 'temporal, supremacy, and professes to reign only bv direction, but wo can now understand:wbat a direction," acting- according. to canon law, and working .through .. .the. machinery ofthc confessional, would speedily ,hand us in. The motiient the canon law is set up, the laws of Britain aro overthrown, and -the rights and liberties which they confer,, would henceforth he among the things that were. The government of .of the realm would become priestly, and the secular jurisdiction would be a mere appanage of the sacerdotal. Ited hats and cowls would jilt the offices of State, and the halls .of legislature, and would enact those marvels of political wis dom for which Spain and Italy are so justly re nowned. A favoured class, combining the lazi ness of the Turks with the rapacity of the Alye- rines would speedily spring up, and enable them to live in idleness or something worse, the ' tale of bricks' would be double on the people. Malefactors of every class instead of cross illy the Atlantic as now, would simply tie the Francis cans rope round their middle, or throw the friars , clonic over their consecr tied shoulders. The Bible would disappear as the most pesti ferous of books! and the good old cause of igno rance would triumnh. A punefi.-atioii of our island on a grand scale, from three centuries of heresy would straightway be. undertaken. As Protestants (the worst op all heretics) our dives «ould ho of equal value with those of the wolf or the tiger; and it, would ho not loss a virtue to destroy us. only the mode of despatch might not he so quick and merciful. The wolf would, be shot down at once; the Protestant would he permitted to. edify the Catholic l»y the prolongation of his dying agonies. Our Queen would have a twelve months' notice to make her peace with Rome :or abide the consequences. Should she. disdain becoming a vassal of the Roman' See, a crusade would he preached against her dominions, and every soldier in' the army of Holy league would he recompensed with the pro mise of Paradise, and as much of the wealth of Heretical Albion as he could appropriate. These consequences would follow the introduction of canon law. as certainly as, darkness follow the etting sun.' But these effects would not he realised in a day. This tremendous tyranny would overtake the realm as night overtakes the earth. First the Roman Catholics in Britain would be Jbabitiiated. to the. government of this code, and it is to them only that Dr. Wiseman, making a virtue of necessity, professes mean while to extend it. Having formed a colony governed by the code of Rome, in the heart of a nation under the code of Biitain, the agent of the .Vatican would be able thus to inaugurate his system. llis imperium 'in imperio once fairly sot up, would lie, daily extending; by conversions— a Jesuit. , school here, a nun levy and cathedral there, would enlarge the sphere of canon law, ; and fasten silently but tenaciously its niana- clcs upon the community. Give Rome darkne-s enough and she can do anything ; govern by canon law, with equal ease, a family or the globe. We must look fairly at the case. Let us suppose !that this : law is put' in operation in Britain though confined at first to the Rom ish Church. Well then we have a colony in the heart of the country actually released from their, allegiance to the sovereign. They are the sub-, jeets of canon law, and that' teaches uninis- takcably the supremacy of the p ntiftV and holds as null all authority that interferes with his; and especially does it ignore tiie autho rity of heretical sovereigns. Should these persons continue to obey the civil laws, tlicy would do so siwplt/ because there is an army in tlw country. Their- real rulers wonld.be the priesthood, whom they dare not disobey, under peril of. their eternal salvation. All their duties as citizens must be performed according to ghostly direction. Their rotes at the poll must be given for the priestly nominee. They must speak and vote in parliament for the' in-- I crests of Home not oj England. In the wit ness box they must swear to or agairst.thc fact, as the interests of the Church may re quire; and as a fii'so oath is no perjury, so killing is no murder according to canon law, whore heresy and' heretics aro to be purged put. Thus every duty, from that of uonduct- Sng a parliamentary opposition down to heading a street brawl, must be done with a view to the account to be rendered in the oon- fcssional — allegiance to the Tope must ' override alt alfier duties, spiritual and -igmporat. . .Fopory a deceiver to others, is a tyrant to its own. — , 3D r. Wylie on the Papacy. . . . 