NELLIE'S EOUANOE. CiAFTERT. ' So you are gang to be married, Nellie J' Bud Bertie Egerbn, stroking his tawny and de cidedly handsons moustache. They were alone in the eoneerwtory, and tbe musicians were playing the 'Mabel' waltz, and the dancers were whirling round like mad. *.«, .us uuu, ouu cue saio. it a little ruefully, iB if she still carried her heart about with her, and had not given it into the keeping of her Aiture lord and master. ' I don't believe you care for him, Nellie Viwe, though you are going to marry him.' 'No,' she answered slowly ; ' I don't In deed, on the whole,' she added candidly, 'I think I detest him.' The Vincea were miserably poor— those most unfortunate of beings, poor gentlefolks— the sort of people who, in the course of a season, suffer a dozen martyrdoms from petty mortifi cations, with an endurance which, if known, would excite the envy of the ghost of the never to-be-forgotten Spartan boy, and extinguish bis glory for ever ; the sort of people who have an appearance » keep op, and nothing to keep it ni- upon. They gave a dinner twice a year, and starved for a fortnight before, and grumbled for a fortnig'lt after it They never went to a theatre unless they bad orders given to them, and then they ordered a brougham, because cabs cost neirly as much, and were more vul gar; and thiy stinted themselves for a week after the indulgence. The girls went to all the parties they were invited to, 'because,' ex plained poliao Mrs. Vince to Colonel Vince, who, if be hid little money, had much pride — 'because,' laid Mrs. Vince, 'they might get off.' Beside*, soine to rarties wan l»» «n«n. sive than ginng them; so the girls went in their cverlastiig muslins, whioh were ironed when they m tumbled, and washed when they were duty. Heigh-ho! They were so poor, though tley did not shew it much— that is, not much, considering. They wore cheap gloves and oomxton dresses, and made the latter at home ; and tiey passed by the bonnet-shops, which they were never allowed to enter, with a sigh. They pretended to like walking better than driving ; and to dislike all wine (that is, at home), excepting claret, which was twelve shillings a dozen. And they kept small fires, and threw up the cinders ; and didn't feel in clined to go to church on collection Sundays ? that is, the Colonel and Mrs. Vinoe didn't Nellie, and Clara, and Arthur went to high ahimL, irkm there iru almyS a colleotiun ; but they ignored the bag altogether, and when it came round, sing very loudly, and looked at their hymn-books very attentively: so they didn't notice it * Nelly was the eldest girl, pretty rather, and decidedly spirited — clever to, and lively and amusing. She was twenty-one all but a week, and looked younger and felt older. She ha- been in love with Bertie Egerton all her life ; but he bad nothing besides his handsome self and pretty name to boast of ; so, though they understood each other aa perfectly as if there had been a dozen proposals between them, they bowed to circumstances. He was supposed to be a barrister, but he had never' held a brief in bis life. He had an uncle rolling in money, who had sent him to college, and promised to do something for him, and who bad paid the fees for his entrance at the Temple ; but Bertie, though he had acquired great knowledge of the world, had acquired little knowledge of law, so his uncle waa not best pleased. Now, ' Money bags,' as bis nephew irreverently called him, was seventy-five, and not amiable— «o he would not have been lamented; but he shewed no signs of dying, and if he bad, perhaps there might bo nothing in his will for Bertie, though be was Us nearest relation. Altogether, were fore, things were hopeless ; they could not marry on love, and live ou air ; besides, Bertie had a righteous horror of poverty, Nellie was romantic, very decidedly romantic, though she pretended to be matter-of-fact In her heart, she was horridly disappointed that Bertie didn't propose Gretna, or its equivalent (since that useful institution was abolished). She was in love, very much in love, and if be would have only asked b«r, would have married him, and settled down to genteel poverty for the rest of her days with the greatest satisfaction ; but he didn't On the contrary, be bewailed his poverty, and said he thought be should propose to 'Plantations' — Plantations being a West Indian heiress, with plenty of money, and little beauty. Therefore, Nellie, after being talked to, and having all the advantages explained to her by her politio mamma, and being lectured and called ' My dear daughter ' by her proud papa, had accepted old Brownlow. They were to be married in July, and this was Hay ; so she had two mouths' freedom yet, and then —but she resolutely forebore to look any farther. Old Brownlow was as rich as a Jew j so it WAS* «UI UVGUWI insmwii| |rwanw nsmsj siuu KUtJ were more attentive to the Vincea in oonse quencc, especially to Nellie. Ho wasn't hand some. He was ufty-five, and rather gray. Re wasn't over head and ears in love with Nellie — he adored h'f—W too much for that The fact was, he wanted a mistress for his house, and some one to head his table, and fas thought she would do. He bad hesitated between Nellie and her younger sister Clara. Clara waa prettier, but Nellie bad more spirit.and that lad decided him. He liked her independence and ?pint, though he intended to curb it as far as be was concerned. Clara would have ac cepted him much more willingly [ she liked the pomps and vanities of this iniquitous world, and rather envied Nellie on the whole, and admired her diamond engagement-ring parti Nellie bad not seen onne since ra uvuduik that linn bad been placed on her sot at all waUngfioger, till they met at the WilforoV party.' Luckily, old Brownlow was not there j sotfiey had it all their own way. Tber had danced about a dozen bars of the ' MabeL' and then betaken themselves to that dimly lighted and remarkably oonvenient conservatory. ' Detest him !' said Bertie ; ' pleasant, cer tainly ;' bat be seemed rather pleased, on the whole, or, at all events, decidedly not aym nathuinR as h. ought ^ to.bave besu. ?f Indeed, I do, Bertae.' iuey wwe siting down now in the cosiest corner of that oosy flirtation arbour. ' Why do you marry him, thenr 'Oh, he's rich,' she replied a litUe worn '?'wortaly yonng person you must be,11 be aaul looMni uif & considered her a cariosity, ZythZZ-nm s look in bis eyes as be bent the^diwn^ h« wbS. sfW^« Srb^tioight nave fluttered ?mplessantlj'-- »'»ery -worwly young person, ^he repeated, 'bat not at all singular, though. .. ?- I am mre I would muoh rather not,' she ..u j!umw- 'vou don't know how I oW ftTram^Sw I dent mind poverty in the foot-notes sanded * ™^*a»^ — H ' ^Ti.' d? now-aJsys, darling,' he said. Ue called her darling now and then, and Nellie Md the^ n0' to heSr it- He °nlj ^ U MW '1 am sure money isn't everything,' she re marked sagely. ' It's a good deal, though.' 'Oh, of course it is,' she answered a little f n y' ,.Sn waa a *hade vexeJ. to tell tho truth. ' Of course it is aomeithmn tn h»™ a nice house, and servants, and carriages, and big fires, #and four-and-sixpenny gloves and new bonnets, and not to have to turn one's lrocks, and not extinguish half the wax-candles tne moment one's guests are gone— and— and ' i — ffi.Bhe *biPVii 'd S-ook some roae Jeaves off her muslin dress, which looked more cr umply than usual. 'You know all tho advantages, Nell,' he said; 'you have evidently learned them by heart, as clnldren learn their multiplication table inthe days of their infancy. Goon.' And— and '— «he was nearly crying, bis coolness was so provoking— 'and-*omeone— a husband — and she gave a (treat gulp at that wora ; sue couldn't have brought it out if he hadn t been eo disagreeable—' to love one, and take care of one. ' There are others willing to stand in that relation to yon besides Brownlow.' i ''Oh I' 'he said waiting for him to proceed, but he didn't, only went on stroking his mous tacherm an insane manner, Nellie thought ; so «w wished she had said ' Where 1' instead of Oh, which might have induced him to be more explicit ' Wish I wasn't such a pauper,' he remarked presently, and he sighed. . Ne'je 'wrf- tt? sigh, and was delighted. He had eft off stroking his moustache now, and was looking into her eyes : she did see the ex pression in his now, and she felt her turn bad come. ' What a delightful couple we shall be 1' ahe said teasingly. ' How we shall yawn at each other from each side of the fire-place ; and how superbly polite we shall be to each other ; and how he will hate me in six months, when he finds I fulfil all my duties properly, excepting that of loving him ;' and she was a little bitter now. 'You don't love him then!' he asked eagerly. 'Didn't I tell you I detested him I' 'Nellie'— and fais faoi was very dose to h™— Nellie, how happy we oould have 'Yes,' she whisperecl, and she didn't move her face. ' No use, darling ;' and he kissed the lips so temptingly dose to his, and wasn't reproved. Very shocking, wasnt it J-eapedaUy consider ing that diamond ring on the third finger of her left hand. Perhaps she had forgotten it, though, for Bhe hadnt token off her glove. ' You see there would be Buch a fearful row, and we have no money.' ' Yes,' she said doubtfully. Just then the waltz ended ; and little knots of heated dancers strolled in, so their UteA-Ute came to an untimely end. Bertie was qnieterthan usual when he reached home that night, and stroked his moustache more than ever. ' Dear little girl !' he said to himself. ' If old Moneybags would only do something, or something would only turn up, I'd risk it declare I would. She's much too good for Brownlow.' And when Nellie reached home, she divested herself of her finery in five minutes, rolled ner muslin frock op in a ball in herexoitement, and cried herself to sleep. chafixb n. There wasn't any hope left for her ; it only wanted a fortnight to the time : and the cake was ordered, and the bridesmaid's linery bought, and tbe guests invited. Nothing turned up. Money-bags was alive, Bertie out of town, and, altogether, the whole thing waa certain, 'Ugh I' she said to herself, 'how I hate him I' She was trying on her wreath, which had just come from Madame de Blank's. ' Ugly old thing 1' That was not at all a proper expression to make regarding her future Bpeuao j hut ftlin mads jt. ' Nasty, pompous old thing ; to insist, too, on our spending the honeymoon at bis mouldy old country-seat, when I wanted to go to Paris, and see all the shops.' Nellie bad a weakness for shops, and a partiality for spending money in them. ' Hmuwmoon. indeed 1 O Rprtin. if if Itui been you, darling ;' and she began to cry. After all she was only a woman, and women are very foolish. Now chance played Nellie that day a very good turn. The colonel bad gone into the country to see an old friend ; Mrs. Vince, and Clara, and Arthur, had gone out ; and so Nellie was alone in tbe house. At that mo ment the housemaid entered. She was a good looking housemaid, and a good-natured one, and a good-tempered one, and she was very fond of Nellie, who sometimes told her her secrets. 'Alias .Nellie,' she said, 'Mr. Egerton is in the drawing-room, and they are all out ;' and Mary-Jane looked as if she knew all about it 'You don't mean it ! Here, take this ;' and she flung aside her wreath, gave a hasty look in the glass, and rushed down-stairs ; came to a full stop at the drawing-room door, and walked in in a very composed manner. ?? Nellie, ° he said, meeting her aa she en t*iwu} tt ttxatr «*va all sint am t-hatr nnh 9*- A hJ he took heritwo hands ill his, while she won dered if anything could have turned op, and almost thought that it had. 'Yes.' 'That's jolly. I want to talk to you so much, dear. Come and sit down on the sofa by me,' he said caressingly ; and she went 'Well!' she asked. *- Wall ' hn HA.M 'hrtw !? tfiA WAltitina rat.. ting on?' 'Obi' she exclaimed disappointedly, 'is that all r 'All 1 Why, don't you know a wedding is the most important tiling in the world, in a young lady's eyes f 'It isn't in mine,' she said gravely, for Bhe tins disappointed, and could not help it; and her eyes began to fill with tears, and he seeing them was merciful. Besides, she was looking WUUU.1us.UUT IJi.*s**H(j juaii mi vaasnv i*a,'aaawaa w ^ «auu. U.O longed to kiss her, but wasn't sure the proper moment bad arrived for that performance, ' Nellie,' he said, ' Uncle Blake is dead ' (Uncle Blake was old Moneybags): 'died a week ago ; and be has left me alf his money— all, every penny 1' 'Oh I' and she opened her eyes very wide — '0 Bertie! Wei! 7t- and ahe waited. ' So I shall be able to give you something jolly for a bridal gift, shan't I !' 'Bertie !' ahe exolaimed indignantly, and tried to pull away her hands, but he held them tightly. ' Darling,' he said, ' we won't put off the wedding ; but shall we change the bridegroom?' and he was fciiwi-g her now. 'I don't understand,' she said innocently, though of course she did. , ' Will yon have me, instead of old Brown low, darling !' 'Yea,' she said plamply, and she looked down, and looked very confused, and pretty, and happy ; all of whioh waa highly proper, of course. 'But what will they all say T They will never consent ;' and she pulled away her bauds, and looked up with two very burning Abw»V«, ' We won't msk them. Tell them when it is all over ; and then let them storm, and let old Brownlow tear bis hair.' '0 how nice f'she exolaimed withan exulta tion whioh was undutiful towards her parents and unchristian towards old Brownlow. ' Do you mean we are to dope 1' 'Yes,' ha nodded gravely— ' elope.' He enjoyed, he delighted in the idea amazingly. — 'listen, darling. I have thought of every thing, and though I am now as good a match as Brownlow, still they could never consent, after all the fats, and talk, and bother j so I link it will be best to avoid all row. I will stay away till tbe time, and you shall meet me, when I have arranged all, early one morning; and we will be quietly married, and be off to some watering-place, and (hen write and tell them. The knot will be tied, so storming won't w of any use.' That was a long speech for Egerton to make. He didn't talk muoh as a rule. . . ' Very early in the morning f she asked. 4.W W CWTW) *? SUajpVBVt She was rather disappointed again. Her dea of an elopement consisted of escaping in he dead of the night ont of a window, down a adder, with a laoe handkerchief tied over her lead, and her lover watching below with a large oloak to wrap her up in, and a uouelota ©swiag* hidden in the diitajwe.to ooavsy her' away. Bertie's ideas were rather commonplace, she thonght ' You can manage it, can't you Nell!' he asked. ' Yes ; 0 yes. Lucky thine I'm of age, though, Bertie 1' she remarked importantly. She was twenty-oco and a month. ' Very much so,' he returned approvingly. ' Now, darling,' he whispered, ' tell me when — one day next week, darling. Let's see : to' day is Tuesday — now, darling, tell me when shallitbe?' Then she looked -very demure, and turned away her head, and said she didn't know ; but after much coaxing and blushing, it was finally fixed for the Thursday ; so she had ton days to get ready. Her marriage with old Brownloir would have taken place two days later, if it had beengoing to come off. ' Tell you what, Nell ; 1 shan't oome again, and so you won't see me till the morning. Can't you pretend toco and spend the day with Maggie Greton t' Maggie Greton was Nellie's crome. ' Pot her up to it, and bring her with you, and you can meet me at the end of the ''''Yes, Bertie,' she said obediently.—' I shan't wear my wreath after all,' she added a little regretfully. ' No ; it wouldn't be quite the thing in the street Besides, they might tender, the cere mony null and void on the plea of insanity,' he remarked. 'I shall certainly leave it behind,' she re plied decidedly. ' All right You bring Maggie, and I will bring Weleh-firtt-rate fellow, Welsh ; good for anything. Those two will do famously.— What a dear little girl you are, Nell ! You don't plague a fellow at alL You've got so much sense : more than I have, ever so much.' 'Bather a pity, on the whole, we made Nell accept Mr. Brownlow,' remarked Mrs. Vince when she heard of Bertie's accession. 'He might have proposed to you, Clara ; and Nellie liked Bertie, I fancy.' ' Too late now.' said Clara. 'Oh, of course. What would people say ? I would Dofdo such a thing for the world. Be sides, consider all the expense we have gone to.' 'I never liked that young Egerton,' re marked old Brownlow that evening. 'He is a puppy.' 'That he's not,' exolaimea Nellie. She didn't fear her elderly betrothed much now, and felt inclined to serve *?''? ont 'Oh!' said old Brownlow astonished, and he put np his glasses, which were double, with a thick gold run. ' Ah 1 really my dear young lady, you are very decided in'— 'My opinion. I should think so. Why, I have known Bertie Egerton a contrary, and he's a brick 1' — which was altogether an improper speech for a young lady to make. It wasn't respectful to old Brownlow. It wasn't truth ful ; for she hadn't known Bertie for s century. It wasn't ladylike ; for ' brick ' ii a slang word. Therefore, it is not to be wondered at that astonished faces turned towards her in dignantly, and that scandalised eyes bent down upon her Bternly. CrULPTEE in. Maggie Greton enjoyed the idea amazingly, and was quite willing to help. She was her own mistress, and could do aa she liked. 'She had no mother ; and her father was a book worm, and did not trouble much about what went on around him, whioh was oonvenient The morning came, and Nellie went round to Maggie's early. She kissed them* all very affectionately before she left home. She felt frightfully wicked ; but the thought of old Brownlow, and could not repent 'There they are, Nellie,' said Maggie as a brougham with Egerton and Welsh came round the corner ; and they got in, and all four went to church together, which, of course, was not etiquette ; but that could not be studied in an elopement Nellie was uncommonly grave. 'Believe you are frightened, Nell,' whis pered Maggie, who had been doing a side flirta tion with Welsh, and seemed to enjoy it ' Well, you see, I never was a bride before,' she said slowly, which was true. ' It is not the least bit romantic,' she thought, as they stood at the altar rails, waiting for the clergy man, who was slow in putting on his surplice — ' not the least I always thought for an elope ment, one had a post chaise, with four white horses ; two post-boys, both grinning ; and rose-coloured bunds to draw down tile moment the bride and bridegroom were inside. Suppose » to uus lasnionauio now ; xor Derae Knows, ol course.' Just then the ceremony began ; and ahe looked very frightened and subdued. A whole church and a parson to one's-self is enough to subdue one. They went off to the railway station directly the ceremony was over ; there was no wedding breakfast They would dine at Worthing, they said, aa they sent Maggie and Welsh away together, hungry, bnt seemingly very well satisfied as they were.' ' I think I'd better write home now,' said Nell, when they were comfortably arrived at their destination, and sitting at the window WAtcllina tllfl fonata which inmnAi? *hnnt: nn thp water. ' ' They'll get it to-morrow early. ' 'All right, darling,' he said; and' die Bat down, and didn't know what to say. 'Do come and help me, Bertie 1' ' 'Dearest Mamma, — Please, forgive me. I know, of course, I am very wicked ; but I have1 ? ' I don't know what to say next ' ' - This morning been married to Bertie Eger ton. You see he la rich now ' ? 'finnl ' Raid Rarfcis. 'Ptnv. MA won mnrrv me for that reason t Very worldly young per son ;' but he didn't look afraid of her mo tives. 'Very.' nodded Nellie, in s, Burleuh-like manner. ' ' Wish you wouldn't interrupt You'll put all ideas out of my head, and Clara is sure to quiz it' ''So you must try and forgive me. I could not love Mr. Brownlow, who is very ugly, you know, dear mamma, and ' ? '0 Nell 1' 'So he is, dear.' ''So I have married Bertie Egerton, who loves me very much : and I bee vou will foreive me, and I ' ? 'Will never do it any more,' suggested Bertie. ' Goose 1' exolaimed NeU. When a woman calls a man a goose she is generally in love with him ' ' Will sever forget your kindness. Keep some of the cake for me ' ? ' Greedy yon are, NelL' ' ' Or else tell Clara if she marries she may have it and the wreath. — Please, forgive me, dear mamma and papa ; and believe me yonr ever affectionate daughter, Nelue.' ' ??Egerton,' said Bertie; 'nut that in.' He was looking over her shoulder. 6he bad left room for her new name on purpose, but meant to be ooaxed into writing it ' Oh, t bad forgotten that was my name now ;' which she hadn't, for she had written it iinnrn nflian Mftn !»?? Jtnifal hlAna amofjitvlBn mnA then torn it up in very small bits, and lighted a match and burned tbe bits, lest any one should try to put them together again. Besides, Maggie had called her 'Mrs. Egerton ' the moment the ceremony was over ; so she couldn't have forgotten it 'No; 1 shan't put it in : I don't like it ;' which was another fib, for she did. ' Better than Brownlow, ever po much.' 'Brownlow is a very good name,' she re marked decidedly. 'Come, put it in, darling : Nellie Egerton will look so pretty.' 'I don't like. I don't much think it is pretty.' ', I am sure it is, and very romantic, too.' ' Do you think it is romantic !' ehs asked doubtfully. ' Why Bhould I think so. Makes one think of a threevolumed novel 1' ' FU see how it looks, tiion.' she said ? *nd she wrote it ' Let me see if I have spelt i properly. O yes ; that's lucky.' ' Won't old Brownlow swear 1' said Bertie, 'that's all.' He did swear, too ; and they all stormed, and sent indignant letters, and did all sorts of things ; but they oame round in tbe end. Old Brownlow insisted upon teeing the letter, and when he did. raved at tbe passage oonoerot ing his pen f^al ippaaraace. ' Soanduio-u 1 ' he exolaimed. 'And tuoh shameful stories!' said Clara, looking up in hit faoe horrified. Whereupon old Brownlow thonght what t, sensible girl Bhe was ; much bettor than Nellie, and prettier too. 'Perhaps he will come round to Clara,' thought politic Mrs. Vince. He did in the end ; and bo she came in for the diamond ring which Nellie left behind on her dressing-table, stuck on an aliBurd ring-stand, made out of a spray of mock-coral. 