WOMAN'S RIGHTS AND MAN'S WRONGS. E following extract from a novel to be published in 1970, b y .which time woman's rights will be fully recognised a,ll the world over, was furnished to us by a spiritist friend, who, being anxious to see the kind of literature his great grandchildren would indulge in, called up the shade of Sir WALTER SCOTT, and requested him (or it) as a particular favour to obtain the intelligence. Sir WALTER at once complied, and rapped out the following, which he stated would be the most interesting chanter in a fashionable novel of the time. * * ^ . "ALPHONSO," she again murmured, "I love you. Not with the timid ignorant love that knows not its own mind till propriety bids it; not with a love that requires to be asked before it is given. I tell you my love, my life, my happiness is in your hands, and if you reject me you leave me without a hope on earth. Speak, dear creature, or if your tongue cannot utter the words, lay your head on my bosom, and I will take your silence for consent." " Ah 1 Dr. BLOOMBE," faintly whispered ALPHONSO, " do not urge me more. My friendship, my esteem, my adoration are yours, hut ask me not now for love; in a while, perhaps." " ALPHONSO, dearest ALPHONSO, speak not the cruel words. Why torture a heart irrevocably yours t Why have given hopes that you mean not to confirm? I cannot think my ALPHC*NSO, my gentle, loving boy, would so deceive me. Oh, pardon me the words," she passionately added, at the same time falling on her knees and clasping both his hands in hers to prevent hia escape, " pardon and pity the wretch who dared to use the word deceit in speaking of you. Passion, anguish, madness urged me on. and I knew not what I said." " It was wrong, Dr. BLOOMER," said the indignant boy, trying to hide his tears and speak with calmness; "it was a, strange way to seek my love. When have I given you hopes ? "What was the levity of conduct that you charge me with?" " ALPHONSO," said the doctor, drawing herself proudly up, " you have forced me to speak, and now you m,usthear the truth. In words you never said you loved me, but ask your heart what encouragement you gave. You treaded the mazy dance with me, and smiled responsive as you did so; you accepted my presents, and let me take you to the theatres and concerts. You know—I know you know—that I treasured up your every look, and remembered your lightest word. Oh ! dear boy, suffer me not to think that these were idle nothings; that while you allowed me to form such rapturous dreams, you were mocking me with fallacious hopes. Proud to all the world, to you I am as weak as a boarding-school boy. Reject me not; send me not loose on the hard world and its temptations without the sobering influence of your love. Wild and unsteady I may have been, and unfitted for a share in your young heart; but give me a hope, my angel, and I will be a saint. Remember that my way in the world was not yours. I have been exposeid to trials and temptations that you, in your ignorant innocence, have never dreamt of. ALPHONSO, you cannot—you cannot—have the heart to refuse me." While thus she spoke, the shrinking youth, of her and of himself afraid, had trembling sat like a flower beneath the scorching heat of the north wind's breath. He feared to raise his eyes, for he knew they would encounter her burning glances. He feared to speak—a sympathetic something told him words would but lend fuel to her passion. He had not the courage to withdraw his hand from hers, aud thus escape the burning kisses which were showered upon it at the conclusion of her eloquent address. Each time he strove to speak, the unformed words died in the utterance; but at last, with a superhuman effort, he ejaculated— " Ah, Dr. BLOOMEE 1'" ' " Oh 1 speak again, bright angel/' cried the ardent doctor. " How sweet—how lovely—my name seems when pronounced by your lips ! Let it be yours—let you be mine—mine, mine—for ever my own ALPHONSO BLOOMEE." The heart of the boy was touched, for who could hear such pleadings unmoved! Up to this hour he had never thought of love. Admired as he had been, none of the women who followed in his train had. openly avowed this feeling, and a bashful modesty had prevented him from speculating even to himself as to the probable issue of these little affairs. A new light now seemed to dawn upoii him, feelings hitherto dormant gently stirred his bosom, and caused flutterings about the heart of a peculiar and not disagreeable kiiid. Strange sensations like diluted electric shocks spread through his frame, increasing in intensity as his suitor piled on the burning words. But instinct whispered that propriety required that he should not yield too easily; he even feared that Dr. BLOOMEE herself might value him the less if he surrendered on too slight a wooing. With a heart thus melting he had some difficulty in playing his part, so that his changed feelings might not be too apparent. Summoning all his available fortitude, he said— " Reflect, doctor ! Press me no. more at present; give me time to think, to advise with papa. 'Tis so unexpected, in truth I know not what to say. You would find so many more worthy of you—so many more suitable iu years, in fortune, and in talents—that hereafter you might thank me for making you pause. Our ages are disproportioned, and I am so very young to take the charge of your house on me. Bray giye me time." W f cruel, though most beauteous, bright ALPHONSO ! what is the reason that you will go on so ?" said BLOOMEE, again taking the youth's hand. "Suppose my years do doubly number thine, the power of love shall make a girl of me again. Picture, dear boy, what a delight to me, returning harassed and jaded after the day's fatigues, to be greeted by your fair young face, while you dandle in your arms but I shall spare your young blushes. As I wag once young myself I can be indulgent to all youthful shortcomings, and on the score of settlement I know I can satisfy^your mother, S$y, lovely one, will you give me your hand ?" " And my h,eart too," murmured A_LPHONS0, sinking into the outstretched arms of his lover. " 0, ALPHONSO 1" cried the enraptured doctor, " What's the matter ?" faintly asked the coy but happy boy from among the flowers of the doctor's cap, where his head had buried itself. " Whisper to your own BLOOMEE," was the answer, "the dear, the happy, happy day that will give my ALPHONSO to my arms. And oh, beloved one," she fondly entreated, "make not the time too long. Pardou me if I urge you, and impute it to the strength of my passion." His hand tremulously played with the flowers in which his head was sunk, and he essayed in vain to return an answer to this question, his tongue refusing to obey tbe faint promptings of his heart. Three several times he strove to speak, and the struggle ended by his bursting into tears. " Spare me for a while, dear doctor," he whispered. " I will be all you wish, but give me a little time. I have got so many things to get ready. It seems so strange to leave one's home, and go to live with a stranger. Don't, doctor; let me go, or I'll always call you a stranger. Be a good girl now, and don't expect too much at first." "My own bootums!" burst out BLOOMEE, "all I wish for is your own happiness. I wiUjjaiLpresajou now. I can make all allowances for your not beinj^pfepfira^ reluctance to tear yourself from the ties darling will not keep his doctor longer ^asrjtged be fromii^c mppiness. It will surely be within the montn,' u l M T" i " u "A month ! rsOb/fi^^jljY^^^fed Itlie Iboy with a terrified face; "you will nqt surffy expect it §0 <4gon. Well, there then," he added with a ^tt/or the present, and I will let mamma settle foit^^^^Mer ^Jp^kquite cross with your 'PHONSO already," he said potttag]^, " And you know the remedy for curing crossness," said the arch and sly doctor, doubtless with the hope that the compliment would produce another dose of osculation. " YouVe got enough for to-day, doctor," said the youth. " Remember, I never kissed one of your sex before, and be not too exacting at first. I've heard mamma say that kissing was very wrong, and often does a great deal of harm—not, though, that I'd have the slightest fear my doctor would take advantage of my innocence. Would she ?" "Never, my own!" cried Dr. BLOOMEE. "May I perish if ever I plant in that bosom a thorn. Were I to betray ALPHONSO, unsuspecting youth, I would be indeed a villain lost to love and truth." * * * * * The cock here crew, and the ghost of Sir WALTER was unwillingly compelled to discontinue the narrative. He said it reminded him of old times, and that he would be very glad whenever we could manage to give him a job. Alas! poor ghost! 