SIR PHILIP'S WOOING. BY BABINGTON WHITS, AUTHOR OP " CIBCE," ETC. (concluded.) Throughout those two long days of sohtnde Constance Mardyke was haunted by thoughts of the man wk had won her heart from the path of duty. Vainly did she endeavour to banish his image from her mind. He had taken too complete a possession of her weak womanly wifcB, and happi- in a life-lone separation from him seemed livow i impossible to her. The day appointed for the hunt was wet and stormy, and she roamed listlessly through the empty rooms, listening to the rain beating against the windows, and towards evening trying to dis tinguish the sound of horses' hoofs in the avenue. But night closed in, and her husband did not return. She sat up late waiting for him, but at midnight he had not arrived. "He will come to-morrow, no doubt," she said, as she dismissed the servants and retired to her own room. Strange dreams haunted her that night— dreams with which the sound of the faUing rain mingled dismally She fancied she was walking with her husbaud through the rain and darkness upon the road by which he must needs return : but although they seemed to walk rapidly, they could make no progress. One particular turn of the road, with three gaunt poplars growing on one side, and on the other aome pollard willows shading a stagnant pool, a spot she remembered well, was always before her in that weary nightmare -like dream. She woke in the morning unrefreshed and low- spirited, to drag through another day. It was growing towards dusk, when she rose with a sense of weariuess from her tapestry-frame, and opened the cabinet in which she had hidden Sir Philip's letter. An idle fancy had seized her to read it once more before her husband's return, and then she might perhaps bring herself to destroy the precious document. She opened the door of the cabinet, took out the letter, and began to reperuse the lines that were already but too familiar to her. As she read the first words, a faint sound near at hand, like a half -suppressed sigh, startled her. She looked up suddenly, clutching the , guilty letter to her breast, and in a mirror opposite the open door she saw the reflection of her husband's face. He was standing on the threshold. She turned, in supreme confusion, to meet him. He stood within the doorway, his ' couutenauce, as it seemed to her, gravely reproachful ; but before she could utter a word, the familiar figure melted into thin air. She hurried to the landing-place outside the door, but there was no living creature there. The thing which she had seen was a shadow. She fell at the foot of the great staircase in a dead swoon, and it was not till an hour afterwards that her maid found her there, with Sir Philip's letter clasped in her hand. Her first thought on recovering consciousness was a fear lest this letter should have been seen ; but throughout her swoon she had held the crumpled paper tightly. " Has my husband come home ?" she asked ! " No, madam." " You are quite sure ?" " Yes, indeed, madam," the girl answered, with surprise. That night passed, and there were no tidings of Humphrey Mardyke, although his groom, who hvftn/rnf n atvia f Iia m niton i a1 1. j O iiyiuv I'Uv LAV IOC VSU %T UJLvll U19 lilac Lvx liorU hunted, said he had expected to find him at home. " He left Wetherby before I did," said the man, "but I believe he had some notion of breaking the journey at Scarsdale Castle. I heard Sir Philip Stanmore give him the invitation to lie there for a night as they parted company at the cross-roads on Monday last." This seemed likely enough, and the prolonged absence of the master gave no uneasiness to the household at Holmwood, though Constance could not banish the memory of that pale shadowy figure, so like and yet so different from life, which she had seen in the twilight. To the ser vants s ae had not dared to mention this figure, belie; ,-ing it an emanation of her own guilty Bi'iad, aud fearing their ridicule of her folly, or possibly their suspicion of her sin. She waited anxiously for her husband's return, resolved to welcome him with affection, and to struggle with all her might against lier tatal regard tor sir Philip. Unhappily, the opportunity to fulfil this penitent resolve was not to be afforded to her. Next day passed without any tidings of the absent, and on the following evening there came the news of her husband's murder. He had been found, shot through the heart, lying on the brink of the stagnant pool, at that very spot which she had seen in her dream. The country was up in arms to discover the doer of this evil deed. Humphrey Mordyke had been as popular as he was wealthy, and people were eager to see his assassin brought to justice. Lord Scarsdale was one of the witnesses at the inquest. He described how his guest had left him 'at noon, intending to ride straight home. He had another guest, who left him at the samelieur; out tne roans 01 me two men lay in opposite directions, for Sir Philip Stanmore was to ride to a town twenty miles distant from Scarsdale on the London road, there to find a coach that plied to and from the metropolis. Tlii9 was all Lord Scarsdale could tell. He had seen the two gentlemen part company at the lodge-gates, and had then returned to his house. The inquest was brief, and threw little light upon the circumstances under which Humphrey Mardyke had met his death. His pockets had been emptied of their contents by hasty hands, for they were found turned inside out,. His horse was discovered loose in a field some distance from the scene of the murder, and the state of his mud-stained garments gave evidence to the &ct; that the fatal shot had been fired while he was still iu the saddle. Who could doubt that the deed was the work of some highway robber ? Humphrey Mardyke had not an enemy in the world, and what personal motive could prompt so vile an assassiuaiion except the vulgar greed of gain ? A large reward was offered for the ap prehension of the murderer ; but days and weeks went by, aud no information was brought to Holmwood, or to the little country town where the inquest had been held. News was slow to travel in those days, and three weeks elapsed be fore Constance received a letter of condolence from Sir Philip Stanmore — a letter in which he dwelt with generous warmth upon the merits of the deceased, and delicately forebore fiooypysl lusioh. t<) his passion for her who was no w free .to . return his affection. Weak and wicker! as she had been, Constance Mardykolamented her hus band's untimely fate with genuine grief. The thought of her-otm guilty preference for another man filled her with, self-reproach, and how tliat. it i was too late to atone forher error, that error ' seemed doubly base. She was not, however, suffered to mourn long . in.- her country solitude. Within two months of . her. husband's death Sir Philip paid another visit to Holmwood, riding oyer from his friend. Lord Scarsdale's, as on the previous occasion, in order to give a kind of accidental appearance to his coming. He had not been many hours at Holmwood before he assumed the speech and bearing of ; a lover, nor did he fail to win the Widowed girl from her penitential grief In the presence of the observant old butler he was, however, carefully ceremonious. It was. too early yet to show his cards, except to the weak girl, of whose heart and mind he had long ago made himself master. A faint flash of triumph brightened his eyes every time he glanced round the noble rooms, or towards the wide expanse of park and wood before the old Tudor windows. The only obstacle to his possession of this place and all its belongings had been removed from his pathway. He knew that he had but to wait a fitting time in which to claim the widow and her fortune, nor did he leave Holmwood until he had made Constance promise two things: first, that she WOllld COlTIft sllOrLlv fcn TjOlldon. nlionrra aF 4 — J — J mm «AWV VUlMJkgW U4 air aud scene wou'd help to banish the haunting memory of the dead j and secondly, that she would become Lady Staumore as soon as a decent period of mourning had elapsed. While talking of her dead husband she had told Sir Philip, somewhat reluctantly, of the strange vision she had seen on the threshold of her bedekamber. But this apparition he ridiculed as the work of a distempered fancy. " It is little wonder for you to see ghosts in the solitude of this dull old house," he said ; and it was upon this that he persuaded her to consent to a sojourn in town. Once in London, remote from village gossios, he knew that it would be easy for him to hasten the marriage which would make him master of Humphrey's noble estate; and he had pressing need that this change should take place speedily as his finances were at the lowest ebb. His hopes were not disappointed. Constance Mardyke came to London accompanied only by her faithful serving-woman. She occupied the lodgings in which she had lived with her hueband during the previous year, and being utterly ignorant of all business matters, and without friends in the metropolis, she very soon allowed Sir Philip to assume the management and to obtain the complete control of her affairs. No suspicion of mercenary motives on his side had ever entered her mind ; she - supposed him to be as wealthy as he was fashionable, a delusion which he took good care to sustain. He thus became, even before his marriage with the widow, absolute master of Humphrey Mardyke's for tune. Sir Philip was not, however, less eager for the celebration of the marriage, and at the close of j the summer Constance consented to become his I wife. They started for Holmwood almost imme diately after the marriage ceremony .the bridegroom secretly eager to inspect the estate which was now his own. He found it even wider in extent than he had hoped, and was much gratified by the re ception he met with among the tenantry, who were fascinated by his easy affable manners, and somewhat inclined to prefer him to the late lord of the soil. For some months the novel grandeurs and oc cupations of his position made life tolerably agreeable to the baronet ; but he was a man of restless nature and long habits of dissipation. xne time came wnen ne grew weary oi Holm wood ; weary too of his wife's society, as it seemed to Constance, who kept a close watch on the changes of her husband's countenance. The ac complished courtier, who had been so devoted as a lover, was now often moody and absent-minded, and when his wife questioned him with tender anxiety, was sorely puzzled to account for his gloom. " Nay, Constance, few men! who think at all are without some subject for dark thoughts," he said impatiently. " You must not watch me so closely by day and night. The truth of the matter is, Holmwood is too dull a residence for a man who has spent his life in the society of a court. We must live in London if you would see me cheerful. There is a funereal atmosphere in this place, as if it were haunted by the shadows of every master who ever inhabited it in the past." " What, JrJtulip, nave you seen a ghost " No, Constance, I am too much of a man of the world for that ; but the dnlness of the place gives me bad dreams." " Yes, I have lieaTd you cry out in your sleep," answered his wife, thoughtfully. " Indeed ! Have I uttered words that you could distinguish ?" " Not often. Once you spoke of the place where they found my husband. Under the willows by that black stagnant pool !' you cried. Strange, is it not, that the place should haunt you in your dreams, as it hauKted me on the night before the murder ?" Sir Philip's brow darkened in gloomy thought, but ho made no reply to his wife's speech. He left her presently to ride alone, and an idle fancv took him to the spot of which she had spoken — the bend in the road where three tall poplars stood out black against the winter sky, and where the pollard willows bent their weird trunks across a shallow stagnant pool. He looked at the place for some minutes, lost in thought, and then turned and galloped home again, as if the foul fiend had been behind him. , From this time he daily became more restless in his babits and gloomy in his temper. The wealth that he had won for himself could not give him happiness. His wife's beauty had no longer power to charm the fickle mind that had ever sought new conquests ; nor was her gentle yielding nature calculated to maintain ascendancy over his fitful soul. He had determined to go to London soon after the beginning of the new year, and if possible to go there alone. On the anniversary of the night on which -the shadow of Humphrey Mardyke had. appeared to his wife, it came again, but this time to the new master of Holmwood, who met the ghostly form i rival in the corridor upon which his bed- chamber opened. Again it was in the early twilight that the vision appeared, pale, grave, re- j proachful ol aspect, with fixed eyes and solemn j motion j and again Sir Philip tried to convince himself, as he had tried to convince Constance, : that the figure was but the emanation of a dis- j turbed brain. He did not succeed in this attempt, however. - Men were prone to superstition in those days,aud the baronetwas inclined to re gard Hna spectral visit as an omen of Ms own un timely d&tti.; V ii.v,' <-. V,'-" i Y. He was on the point of starting for London next day, after declaring that he would not Spend anight in that accursed haunted house,: when a t couple of messengers came from the nearest town to request his immediate presence there. Some thing had trahspired which promised to. throw light upon the circumstances of Humphrey Mar- dyke's assassination, and the county magistrate Wanted the attendance of Sir Philip and Lady Stanmore— the latter to. identify some properly which was supposed to have belonged to her first husband. r- The baronet's face grew ghastly pale as one of the men stated their errand. He was at first inclined to resist the summons, on the. plea of his journey to London ; but the elder of the two men declared the magistrate's orders to be imperative. They were not to leave Holmwood without Sir Philip ; and Lady Stanmore was to follow immediately, in her coach or on horseback, as might be most convenient to herself. " It is not a four miles ride," said the man, with grim politeness, as Sir Philip and he rode abreast along the avenue. The baronet said no thing. This species of summons was strangely like an arrest; but any attempt at resistance, would have been worse than useless. He saw that both men were fully armed, and that their horses were as good as his own. Arrived at the town, he was conducted at once VA VriA All t At- ha 4-An W ft nv a a Xl. a w flic v-uicj. 1UU, nuoic liO wuuu wucw bus COUUsy magistrates, Lord Scarsdale, and some -otk£ gentlemen seated in the principal chamber await ing his coming. The magistrate received him with stately polite ness; but his familiar friend, Lord Scarsdale, sainted him coldly, and scarcely touched the hand which he offered. " You were not present at the inquest held on the remains of Mr. Humphrey Mardyke, I believe, Sir Philip Stanmore ?" said the magistrate. " I was not. I was in London at the time, and did not even know of my friend's unhappy fate. Nor should I have been able to offer any evidence had I been present at the inquest." " Indeed ! You were in London at the time. Can you swear to having reached London on the fourth of January in last year ?" " Certainly, if there is any occasion for my tak ing ah oath on the subject, which I cannot myself apprehend. Lord Scarsdale is aware that I left his house at noon on the third of the month, with the avowed intention of riding to Gorsham, on the London road, there to join the mail coach." " And you never saw Mr. Mardyke after bid ding him good-bye at Scarsdale gates ?" " Never. Our ways lay separate from the moment of leaving the gates." ! " And how about your horse, Sir Philip— what became of him when you joined the coach ?" " I left him at the inn at Gorsham, t® be brought up to London by a packhorse-driver next day." " Will you swear ycu were not in Haverfield village on the night of the third of January, several hours after the mail- coach left Gorsham, and that you did not there exchange a broken- kuee'd horse and a gold watch for a sound animal ?" Sir Philip started and grew deadly pale. " I was never in any place called Haverfield in my life, that I am aware of," he said, " nor did I ever make such a bargain as that you speak of." " Indeed," replied the magistrate. " Then Lord Scarsdale's groom must be mistaken as to the identity of a horse which was offered for sale here in yesterday's market, and which he swore to he yours — a bay gelding, with a white streak on one side of the face. Hid you ever own such a horse, Sir Philip ?" " Nay," interposed Lord Scarsdale, while the baronet hesitated, "he cannot deny that the horse was once his. I remember the animal perfectly, and will swear to the watch as Hum phrey Mardyke's." " The watch ?" gasped Sir Philip. "Yes," replied the magistrate, producing a massive gold watch. "On being questioned, the man who offered the horse for sale declared him self to be an innkeeper at Haverfield. He received this watch and a broken-knee'd horse from a traveller who took shelter at his house on the night of the third of January, after having broken his horse's knees in the attempt to jump a five-barred gate that divided a short cut across fields from the main road. The man exchanged a good horse of his own for the injured animal and this watch, which he was wearing yesterday. His account of this circumstance seemed thoroughly honest, and his voluntary description of the traveller tallies in every respect with your appear- ance. You will scarcely be surprised, therefore, Sir Philip, that I considered it my duty to order your arrest, under the suspicion of being a party to the death of y our wife's first husband. "The story is a tissue of lies," cried the baronet, " a conspiracy." " In that case you can have no objection to see the man who offered the horse for sale, aud whom we found wearing this watch," answered the magistrate ; and at a nod from him a respectable- looking countryman entered the room. He swore immediately to the identity of Sir Philip Stanmore with the traveller who had taken shelter at his house, drenched to the skin, and worn put with a cross-country ride on the night of the third of January. His evidence was nerfectlv clear and forward. and no questioning of Sir Philip's coul shake his state ments. Lady Stanmore had now arrived, and on being shown the watch at once recognised it as her late husband's property. She had yet to learn the awful inference to be drawn from the manner of us recovery. " If jou are indeed unconcerned in this busi ness, it will be easy for you to find an alibi, Sir Philip," said the magistrate ; but in the mean time you must consider yourself under arrest, and I shall be compelled to order your removal to the town gaol, there to await your trial at the next assizes." Constance uttered a cry of horror on hearing this, aud sank, half-fainting, into the chair that had been placed for her. Sir Philip had by this time recovered his usual self-possession. He pro tested against his arrest as an infamous and pre posterous proceeding. " Iu all probability this man is himself the assassin," he said. " We have the evidence of Lord Scarsdale and his groom as to the identity of the horse, Sir Philip. It is that which justifies your arrest." I " And I have fcweuty people at command .who will swear that I was at home at Haverfield al through the day of the murder," said the inn- j keeper. i Sir Philip Stanmore was removed to the town ! gaol, after having been compelled -to surrender his- sword and travelling pistols. He parted tenderly hi8 wife, who believed him the victim of some fatal error, and who would fain have accompanied him _ fco his prison. This he forbade, and departed between Ms gaolers in haughty silence, after giving his wife the address of a Landon lawyer whom she was to summon immediately to his aid. A month would elapse before the assizes, and if the baronet were in deed as innocent as he protested Mmself to be, there could be no great difficulty in proving the fact of his journey to London. It was impossible for Mm to have reached London on the fourth, if he had been at Haverfield at the hour men tioned. __He was not destined again to face his accusers. His health/ which had been in a declining state ever since his coming to Holmwood, broke down completely under the misery of Ms position, and an attack of gaol-fever brought Mm to. a grave at least less shameful than that which would have awaited him as a condemned murderer. On the night before his death he sent for his wife, and to her ears, alone confessed his crime. He had turned his horse's head about immediately after leaving Scarsdale gates, had ridden across a common that skirted Humphrey's road home, and had overtaken him by the three poplars, where he shot him through the heart without a moment's parley. He stopped to rifle his victim's pockets, in order that the act might seem that of a Mgh- way robber, . and had then ridden off across country, reckless wMch way he went in the great horror aud agony that came upon him after the commission ot the crimes At Haverfield, finding" his horse completely lame, and having very little money, he had been cpmpelled to offer the dead man's watch as a temptation to the landlord, who, seeing the traveller's distress, drove a hard bargain for his own animal. "It was for your sake I did the deed Constance," he said ; and the unhappy woman believed Mm. " There was only his life between us. I knew that you loved me, and in the last half-hour before I left Scarsdale I came to the desperate resolve that ended in your husband's death. The act was as mad as it was wicked, and I can truly swear that I have never known an hours' peace of mind since it was done." He died at daybreak ; and Constance returned broken-hearted to Holmwood, there to lead a life of solitude and repentant sorrow for a few years, at the end of wMeli time she fell into a decline and died, leaving the fine old place to fall into the hands of her first husband's distant relations, who came from a northern sMre to take possession of the estate, and who were never troubled in their occupancy by the shadow of Humphrey Mardyke. 