the kyneton meeting. , By " Obangb Blossom." There can he no denying the fact that tne pleasant little meeting held at Kyneton most enjoyable of all up-country race meetings. The programme being drawn out on a scale, there is always a goodly array of entr, and though the calibre of many ot tnoseug may not be quite up to metropolitan form, it « sufficiently good to furnish excellent sport. Kyneton Handicap and Welcome Handicap are proverbial for the close finishes Jthey .aimost invariablv produce, and as there is a Hurdle Race and a Steeplechase to provide sport for those wno like the' cross-country work, it is not surprising that the "truly rural " course -so picturesquely situated on the banks of the Campaspe should be largely patronised by the sporting folks o Melbourne, Sandhurst, and Oastlemaine, to say nothing of the local supporters of the meeting. This year a Nursery Handicap for two-year- olds was introduced into the programme ; but either owing to the inferiority of the handicap or the desire of owners to reserve their youngsters for future events, it did not prove successful, as only two put in an appearance to contest for the stake. My individual opinion is that the stewards will act wisely if they substitute a good selling race for the handicap for two-year olds, as it is quite certain that in future years there will be quite sufficient work for the juveniles over the Fleming- ton course ; and as a popular selling race is likely to bring grist to the millfin the shape of a surplus being left over the price of the winner, the Kyneton turfites will best study their own interests by striking out the Nursery Handicap and placing a 50sov8"selling race in its stead. St. Patrick's Day was a glorious one so far as the weather was concerned, and as the sportsmen of Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and Melbourne helped to increase the 6,000 Kyneton folks who attended the meeting, there must have been nearly 7000 persons present during the day. The course is close to the town, and in a beautiful situation, the surrounding scenery helping to lend additional charms to the eye of the visitor, who cannot fail to appreciate the beautieB of so enchanting a spot. This being my " first ap pearance " on the boards of the Kyneton stand, I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of the little town of Kyneton, and though I have enjoyed myself immensely at many previous up-country race meetings, I must decidedly give my vote in favour of that of Kyneton as the most pleasant at which I have assisted. From the moiiient I set my foot in the village, so remark able for its cleanliness, until I took my departure, I felt a keen sense of lively enjoyment. The admirable accommodation provided by the buxom widow who presides over the fortunes of the principal hotel, having been tested in previous years by the' Melbourne division, was again liberally patronised by them, and full justice was done to the good things set before the company by the hostess. Our worthy Governor, who is one of the most ardent supporters of the Victorian turf, had his carriage and horses conveyed from town, and was driven to the course soon after arriving at Kyneton. As the accommodation in the stand was of a somewhat limited character, his Excellency preferred the vicinity of the judge's box, and during a portion of the day kept Mr. Rowe company while the races were being con tested. Punctual to time, the veteran Isaac Hinds summoned the starters for the Hurdle Race, Fair Nell, Kaled, Helen, and La Blonde responding to the call. Of this quartette, Fair Nell had the most admirers, and as some of the so-called hurdles were steeplechase fences with the caps off, Kaled, the next best favourite, stopped at one, which left Fair Nell alone in her glory, for the other two hadn't the ghost of a show with her ; and even if they had, the clumsy manner in which they were handled was quite sufficient to extinguish it, seeing that the riders were on their horses' necks at every jump, and it is surprising indeed that Helen did not follow the example of La Blonde and kiss mother earth before the goal was reached. The useful Panic gelding Panmure had no difficulty in disposing of the field opposed te him for the Maiden Plate, after which the company went to luncheon, his Excellency and friends sitting down with the stewards to an excellent repast provided by Messrs. Stafford and Miller. It is needles9 to say that these gentle men were in their very best form as caterers, and the spread presented a remarkable contrast to that which has lately been provided at Flemington. Full justice having been done thereto, the not over melodious tones of the cracked bell supplied for the purpose announced that the time was approaching for the chief event of the day, and in answer to the Bummons only five animals responded, .Little Dick and Baron having had the pen put through their names by Mr. Winch, who came in for deep but not loud auathemas from those who had backed Little Dick on the strength of his being a fellow- passenger in the train. The favourite, Milesian, stripped in rattling form, and his friends sticking to hirn till the fall of the flag, he started even against the field ; Rambler, who came with a rush, being next in the estimation of the public at 3 to 1, and Lily at 4 to 1. Saladin, who it was reported had not had a gallop since he contested at Beech worth, in consequence of having met with an accident while coming down in the steamer, was backed for small amounts, and The Fawn had a numerous section of admirers, who knew fVi a <4niimVifAw r\¥ Pom/) Wnnlri rrrx f«»Am an/1 f/v amJ UJLLK/ UCIUgiAiVA DL O. OU1V/ WVU1U gV 1AVIU VUU III/ CUU y and it is just upon the cards that had young Bryan taken a judicious pull before reaching the turn for home, Mr. A. G. Fisher might have been recompensed for his outlay on the Panic filly ; for jumping off at score, he never eased her from start to finish, and as there was a sharpish turn leading into the straight, she ran out wide, taking Rambler with her, which enabled Lily to come up on the inside, and snatch the race out of the fire by a head. Had the bov hugged the rails with The Fawn, this would never have occurred, and Lily therefore could never have got up. Milesian, who looked all over a winner half a mile from home, cut it directly he was called upon, to the intense disgust of young Harry Walsh, whose first mount it was after his return from India ; and I am not at all surprised that Mr. John Cleeland should have made up his mind to get rid of his stud, after so many heart sickening disappointments. From the running of Rambler, who could hardly have lost had he not Btumbled at the back of the course, I am quite satisfied that Little Dick could have easily bowled over the field had Mr.' Winch thought proper to have started him, and those who had backed Little Dick and The Baron for the double, . on the strength of the former horse being kept in therace till the last moment, felt deeply chag rined at not having a start for their money. 1 No doubt Mr. Winch worked his cards with great cleverness, as he landediTTw over Lily nd The Baron, whom he back? 'Mi the double; consequently it suited hhn oppose Lily in the Kyneton HandicanSL11.01 to not quite the correct thing to keep LittlTv' long on the list, without having tlie 80 tention. of starting him. The beaoifo.®1 Vagabond filly was made the favourite f 6 Nursery Handicap, and though La the well away, Mr. Filgate's filly galloped . and won in a canter. I was delighted to ' worthy a patron of the sport victorious P only hope that Mr. Filgate may have lucjr- his young stock next Beason, in the event of m I we shall see the "white with blue spots" offon the van; for since I first: clapped my Retort I have liked her immensely, aud m-i011 briar, I am sure, is a clinker tinder a light woU added to which Wood Nymph and Knaves1 are as fine a pair of two-year-olds as a manti wish to possess. The Steeplechase w&b; left tirely to The Monk and Vulcan, Hie former6!/ whom looked all over a winner when Vulcan ta down at the fence beyond the stand; but' lit? Harden quickly remounted the grey, overhJS the South Australian at every stride, and ooa ing him a couple of fences from home foul Monk stumbled, though Simpson saved huS splendidly), he passed him, and won e&silya; 1 riders coming in for an ovation for their ettffi « riding. Vulcan is a real little plum, audU i not overburdened with weight, can hold his If with anything that follows the jumping buisin% fl The Welcome Handicap was a curious race, thou. 5 it resulted in the victory of the favourite, tfot literally pulled through "by the skin of his mat.11 many people asserting that Rambler had woo, while others proclaimed a dead heat; but th, judge thought differently, and gave The Baron first situation. The horsemanship of yoj. Brown on Mr. Winch's horse was decidedly tfi cleverest bit of riding of the Beason. For ftm. quarters of a mile The Baron appeared ts te quite out of the race, and was running last bot one, Brown apparently being hard on him from the jump ; and turning into the straightthe finitV looked as if it would result in a match between Saladin and Rambler, but Brown sat down oa his horse, and driving him along with great deter, mination, disposed of Saladin before reaching the stand, gradually reached Rambler's girths, then his neck, and finally, as it appeared to me, by 1 magnificent effort, squeezed him in about half 1 head in "front, amidst & perfect Babel of voices and delirium of excitement ; the cries of "Banj. bier;" "Baron," "Dead heat," being perfectly deafening- . The least said about the running of thosie behind the first three the better. After the grand set-to between The Baron and Bambler, , few cared to witness the Hack Race, and the ma jority of the Melbourne visitors started for the train, an unanimous opinion being exnressed that the Kyneton meeting had produced "the beat thy of the season." Before concluding I wish to call the attention of the Kyneton folks to the fact that che books published were altogether wrong. Next j year a change in the day of general entry will be advisable, as it will not only obviate such mis. takes- bat render the meeting much more inter esting, inasmuch as it will give the public an idea of what is likely to go for the different events. A further addition to the stand, and provision for the members of the Press, will meet with the ap probation of those most concerned. 