THE LEARNED CHANCELLOR'S LAST (?) LETTER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR, — It is indeed refreshing, if not amusing, to find a learned gentleman of the long robe who is so sensitive of the proprieties of lnnguage, that he cannot refrain from "remarking that he has an idea that the free exhibition of my good humour, cheerfulness, and badinage is hardly calculated to promote contro- version propriety even among Christian gentlemen." What must the learned gentleman think of the very free exhibitions of personal abuse which too fre- quently characterise the forensic addresses of his brethren at the bar? Of course the learned Chancellor is never guilty of such improprieties, when he is under the civilizing in- fluence of the wig and gown; I cannot, however, help thinking what a blessing it would be, if he carried his courtly practice of controversial proprieties into the synodical meetings of his brother Churchmen, instead of making vain attempts to impugn the motives, and disparage the conduct, of men who have grown grey in a faithful service of their Lord and Master, and for whom it would be an honour to him, or any one else, to perform the lowliest service. I freely admit that I cannot attain to the model style of the learned gentleman; I have endeavoured to do so, but, I found that, to succeed, I should be neccssarily led into so many platitudes, and become involved in so many fallacies, that I gave up my attempt in despair. I prefer my own to his "style," however "ineffective" mine may be, simply because I deal with facts, not theories, and go directly to the real points at issue. This, Mr Editor, is exactly what the learned gentleman does not do, and, therefore, he censures me. For instance, in his last (?) letter he has adopted the clever artifice of a well known fish — the cuttle fish, or cephalopoda — which, when it is in danger emits an inky dark-brown secretion, under cover of which it rapidly retreats to a safe distance from . So the learned Chancellor has attempted to divert the attention of your readers from the real points at issue by overwhelming me with murky, cloud-thick, impu- tations of inconsistency. Well, there is one comfort, if he has deluded me with his inky fluid, still the Public Schools system has escaped; and I am well content to know that, however readily the learned gentleman has, in his own opinion, disposed of me, he has signally failed to injure — nay, in the opinion of all intelligent men, he has advanced the cause which I had at heart. Does any thoughtful man suppose that if the learned opponent of the Public Schools system could have sustained his position by fair argument, he would have condescended to notice me, or my in- consistencies? Really the learned gentleman must give the public credit for gross stupidity. Does he for one moment imagine that your readers do not see through his Cephalopodian tactics? I have read somewhere that the ink-bags of the curious fish to whose habits I have alluded are often found in a fossil state, and that the remainder of the animal is almost reduced to "unrecognisable form." Now, Mr. Editor, for I have done with "controversial impro- prieties," allow me to remark on the learned gentle- man's futile effort "to put me out of court by his reference to the circumstance of my having published a pamphlet on "Methodism in 1870," wherein I at least endeavoured to uphold the principles of the Church of England. He cannot understand how, having done so, I can with any consistency advocate the cause of the Public Schools system. But, Sir, this exactly illustrates my position. "My mission," as clever, sarcastic, but truth loving Frank Vanecourt, in "Piccadilly," calls it, is to lead men to realise that great and Christian principle of conduct which, whilst it constrains every honest right minded man to contend earnestly for his own principles, yet leaves him free to extend that utmost toleration to othrs, who do not see exactly as he sees. This is the rock upon which men of the learned Chancellors school of thought make shipwreck, they differ then, alas, they become intolerant — and, finally, they would not, if they could avoid doing so, "sit at meat" with their opponents. Now, Mr. Editor, I maintain that it is quite possible, and quite Christian, for a consistent Churchman to be stanch and true in the advocacy of his own views and principles, and, yet, regard his most resolute opponents with genuine sen- timents of respect and even love. It is on this principle of conduct that, whilst as a Churchman, I attacked the "Methodism of 1870," I yet entirely respect all men who are conscientiously opposed to my views. It is recorded of the French and English soldiery of the times of Wellington and Napoleon I, that it was no uncommon occur- rence for the picquets of the contending armies to enjoy, during some lull in the strife, friendly inter- course' but that the moment duty to their flag de- manded action, they forthwith stood face to face as enemies. There was none of the bitterness of per- sonal hatred between them, they fought for a princi- ple: why should they regard it as a personal quarrel? This exactly represents my position with the Metho- dists and others, who are opposed to the Church of England. If duty to my own Church requires me to do battle for her cause, I am prepared to do so, but, under other circumstances. I am glad and ready to hold friendly intercourse with those who differ, and to reciprocate their kindest feelings of regard. If such conduct is inconsistent, then am I inconsistent indeed. I hope that your readers appre- ciated the learned Chancellor's sly little rap at the "respected President of the Council of Education, who was formerly his colleague on the Denominational School Board; the fact is that the President is too good and true a man to hesitate, foi a second, about doing right, when he sees that "a better way" is open to him. Will the learned Chancellor ask him ... would now go back to the old state of things ? I feel sure that he would not do so. In conclusion, allow me to make a suggestion. It is this: Why not make the learned Chancellor, who knows so much about schools and schools systems, a member of the Council of Education? He would be with his "former colleague," and, depend upon it, he would be a great acquisition. He is a right good man at heart. He really means well — I am persuaded of that, and, when once he got out of that old narrow groove of Denominationalism into the safe broad gauge of the Public Schools' system, he would work harder than even Professor Smith ever worked. Besides, Mr. Editor, in our times the lawyers bring back "the key of knowledge" which they were once charged with having "taken away." Truly these are strange days when the theology of the State Church comes "filtered" through a Law Court, instead of being tested by the spiritual Fathers of the Church at the touchstone of the Gospel of the living God. A lawyer, who may not be a Christian, is, by State Church laws, constituted "supreme arbiter of religious belief," and the ordained ministers of Christ have to wail and wonder what his legal lordship's decision will be, "whilst the congregations of the people are crying aloud for the life-giving warmth and heat of Divine inspiration." We have indeed, fallen upon evil days, when, as Churchmen and Christians, we require lawyers and law courts to decide for us what is, and what is not, the truth of God. I always thought that the Holy Scriptures, which were written by "holy men of old, who spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," were quite sufficient to guide us into all truth, and I cannot therefore, believe for a moment, in the necessity or expediency of a State connection, which has sub- stituted a professional lawyer for the Holy Bible, and enabled him to dictate to the Church of Christ on points of doctrine, "quasi Papa ipse." What a sad heart-rending spectacle does the present condition of the State Church in England afford, if we contrast her with the Church of Jerusalem in Apostolic times — when St James, as Bishop of that diocese, presided over the whole College of Apostles — even St. Peter being subordinate to him, and declared the judgment of the Church Catholic in those thrilling words, "Therefore my sentence is that we trouble not them, which from the Gentiles are turned unto God" (Acts xv., 19). The bishops and clergy of those days did not run after lawyers, and Law Courts. "Dare any of you," said St. Paul, "having a matter against another go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints I speak this to your shame. Is it so that there is not a wise man among you, no, not one, that shall be able to judge between his brethren ! But brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers. Now, therefore, there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another." If the Apostle thus denounced those who went to law courts about mere temporal matters, how, think you, would he not denounce the conduct of those bishops and clergy who, in our times, apply to lawyers and law courts for instructions or judgments, as to what doctrines they may, or may not, teach the people I must ask pardon from your readers for this digres- sion — but "is there not a cause?" It seems to me that most insidious attempts are being made to import English State fetters, for the better (?) govern- ment of the Churchill our own diocese I may be wrong, but no one who has carefully considered the import and tendency of our learned Chancellor's frequent deliverances can fail to suspect it. Are the clergy of this diocese prepared to transfer the respon- sibilities of their office as "ambassadors of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God" into the hands of lawyers? The State Church of England, in an evil day, placed the "key of knowledge in their hands, and assented to accept the judgments of those law courts which are now attempting to compel the clergy "to teach for doctrine the commandments of men," whilst here in Australia we are being perpetually told by our own Chancellor that we are members of the Church of England and of the State. What is the meaning of this marrying of those whom God did not join together? What does it indicate? Depend upon it, when we see smoke, the fire is not far distant. Forewarned, let us be forearmed. The conflicting and opposite decisions which the greatest lawyers in England have given during the last few years, on theological causes, is quite sufficient reason why the Church in Australia should keep clear of them. Let us, like loyal Churchmen, trust to our Bibles, our Book of Common Player, and our Bishops and confine the lawyers to Supreme Court practice. Let us look facts in the face and be warned by them. First — The Mackoncchie judgment decided one thing as obligatory. Second — The Purchas judgment soon followed, and directly contravened the decision which had been given in the Mackonochie case; and now, third — Sir John Colendge — who is reputed to be one of the greatest lawyers in England — has written to say that, the judgment in the Purchas case is "bad law," and that it must be reversed. Poor State Church of England, when will she free herself from those terrible bonds? I say, again, let us take warn- ing, and as loyal Christian Churchmen, cling stead- fastly to the Bible, the Prayer Book, and our Bishops, and give notice to the lawyers as such to quit the Establishment I do not intend, Mr Editor, to waste either my own leisure time, or the patience of your readers, by writing again, in reply to the learned Chancellor; he is quite welcome to the last word. I leave the subject by asserting my solemn conviction that, despite his utterances, the Public schools system — taking all the circumstances of the country into con- sideration — is far better calculated to supply the educational requirements of the people than any other system we know of; and I believe this to be true, whether we regard the secular or the religious education of the people. I have done. Vale. Yours faithfully, GEO. F. MACARTHUR. P. S. — Touching the letter which the Church at Jerusalem sent to the Gentile converts — the Apostles who were the then Bishops of the Church Catholic, reported the decision of the Council in these remarkable words, "It seemed good unto the Holy Ghost and to us." Doubtless, they had "by prayer and fasting" sup- plicated the presence and guiding influence of Him who had been promised, and whose special function it was to lead them "into all truth," and, therefore, they could most truthfully use such works. But, alas, if the bishops of the State Church of England were to publish the judgments of their ecclesiastical courts, which are arrived at without either "prayer or fast- ing" — what could they truthfully write? What but this "it seemed good to Lord Westbury (or any other lawyer, who, for the nonce, might also happen to be an immoral man, or a notorious jobber, or an infidel) and to us." Is not this sad and heart-rending to any Christian Churchman? What shall we say of men who would reproduce such a state of things in the Church of England here? Are they sane or insane? G. F. M'A. The King's School, June 17th. 