LOCAL KEWS. Cricket. — Cricketing readers will regret to learn that H. H. Stephenson, of the Surrey Club, who made so many frienda in the colonies during his captaincy of the All England Eleven at the time of their visit there, retires from tho field this season, His club will give him the usual benefit match on July 31, and if he is favoured with fine weather, it will, doubtless, bo one of tho most attractive matches of the year. — English Extract. The Uolfe Gottes. — The specimen sentfrom this mine to the Royal Mint, Sydney, has been assayed with the following results : — Lead, 40] nDi-minl ? ailvpr fin ri7 1*7 rlwfn 'I M tJTu nor fr.f»n Rather Smaut. — It will be remembered that one day last week the steward of tho British Sovereign, lying in our harbour, having been heavily fined, and ordered to pay court aud pro fessional costs for assaulting the cook of the same vessel, told the bench that he would take the alternative, two months' imprisonment, sooner than pay or allow the fine to be paid for him. Accordingly the master of the vessel decided to pity him off and have done with him, and to this end met the prisoner at the Shipping Master's office on Saturday morning, gave him the balance of wages coming due. to him, and cancelled the articles of agreement. Thereupon the late steward immediately cashed up, settled fine and coats, and at one rather sharp stroke severed lii.-i connection with gaol and ship, and walked out of the ofllce, free .to go where he would. Perhaps in the future, in cases of this description, it might be better to punish with imprisonment, without giving culprits the option of a fine ; otherwise, followiai; the example set in this instance, a seaman has only to commit an offence, outside of the Merchant Shipping Act, to get clear of his Bhip altogether — a result rather unlooked for by shipmasters. The Excblsiou Minstbkls. — On Saturday evening the hall of the School of Arts was crowded ; we may safely assert, there were never before bo many people assembled thera on any one previous occasion. The programme was an exceedingly good one, and the various songs and dances were most favourably received. Mr. Herman's violin solo with comic variations was a really clever performance, and deservedly encored. The sketch entitled, 'Troublesome Servants,' elicited roars of laughter ffom all parts of the house, aa also did the Ghost Chorus, which was capitally managed. If we might be allowed, wo would suggest that there is just a littlo too much of the farce, and a little too little of minBtrelsy in the entertainment, to be per fectly legitimate ; though, at the same time, we are free to commend the departure from the beaten track of 'nigger' melody, which, as a rule, used to play too important a part in this class of performances. The Excelsiors are rather defective in ons of their ' corner' men. Wit, slow, and broken in its current, waxes turbid ; like champagne, it should be freBli and sparkling, or, becoming flat, it loses all its charm. The contrast between one corner and the other has been too marked to escape tlie most ordinary and dull-witted observer. The minstrels appear again on Friday evening. The Hospital Ball. — We would remind our readers that the ball in aid of the funds of the Newcastle hospital is to come off in the hall of the School of Arts on Thursday evening next. Last year a similar entertainment was given for the same object in the City Hall, .and that, it will be remembered, was a great success. It is earnestly to be hoped that we shall have to give as good a report of this one, for now, that the Government contribution towards the support of the hospital has been so materially reduced, it behoves ourselves more than ever to put shoulders to the wheel and by liberally contribnt-: ing the means, to support tho hospital in the' state of efficiency to which the judicious and untiring efforts of the committee have succeeded in bringing it. As so short a time is to elapse before the holding of the ball it would be well for those intending to be present, and who have notfyet purchased their tickets, to do so without, further delay, so as to enable the stewards' to| ascertain approximately, the numbers likely to be present, and to make the requisite arrange ments for their comfort. Such as have been 'already made are, we hear, of a very superior, order, as it is intended that everything 'that can! be, shall be done to eusue both eclat and success. Acknowledgments. — We have to thank Captain Kindle, of the Ceres, schooner, for West Coast (N.Z.) papers to the 13th instant— Captain Smith, of the Duke of Edinburgh', for Auckland (N.Z.) files to the 3rd instant, and Captain Paton, of the Memento, for Canterbury (N.Z.). files to tho 9th instant The news thus brought has been generally anticipated. Theatre Royal.— Notwithstanding counter attractions at the School of Arts, there was a very fair attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when 'The Floating Beacon,' judiciously cast, well put on the stage, and well pl»yed, was produced. A melange succeeded, and the whole concluded with the farcical operetta, ' The Jolly Young Waterman.' Possibly, during the absence of the minstrels, the audi ences at this theatre will increase in numbers ; so far as the performances are concerned, they certainly ought to, for the company now engaged is a really clever one, deserving of patronage. Living in Glass Hodses. — The Herald of Saturday clips from the Fall Mall Gazette. The Pall Mall Gazette, in an editorial notice on the boldness with which some of the Parisian jour nals inveigh against the Commune, writes thus : — ' This is plain speaking for a journal in the grasp of the Commune. May tho journals of Parramatta be equally bold in defence of the liberty ' so stran«ely trampled under font ' in that remote town.' Whereupon the Herald sagely remarks :—' The word in italics is sub stituted for ' colony,' — another instance of geo graphical ignorance on tho part of journalists with reference to Australia.' And on Monday, the latter journal side-heads an extract from the Timaru Herald with — ' The glacier* of Mount Cook, near New Zealand.' The word in italics is substituted for ' in.' There are others be sides writers in the Pall Mall Gazette, whose geography is sometimes at fault1 