THE STORES OF HISTORY. in - (From the Civilian.) MARY Queen of Scots-or Marie, as some fair writers will insist on calling her- has become one of the greatest torments in the whole gal. cry of bores. We shall never, so far as we can see, hear the last of her " beautiful person " and graces of manner." That snow-white little neck will apparently inspire the pens of the literary butchers until the world in anger cries, Shame ! She has been done to death in countless leaders and essays. Her sorrows and her crimes-if she really committed any-have been the constant theme of backs ever since Scott discovered her to the curious people who never read history unless it is tricked out in the garb of fiction. We confess we are utterly tired of her. In our youth we did think she was a persecuted and injured woman, but since she has so persistently persecuted and injured us we have arrived at the belief that she deserved her fate, and are only sorry that we have no power to { decapitate her shade. Then, to go back to classic times, there is Cleopatra and Mark Antony. When shall we hear the last of them ? What good genius or pious priest will undertake to lay the ghosts of this celebrated pair ? When shall we hear the last of the profound speculations in which our " great writers " are wont to indulge anent the probable fate of the world had the lady's nose been but a trifle shorter ? Surely we have had enough of her and, as it is impossible to say an original thing about her' and her great admirer, it would be as well to let them both rest quietly in the school-books until the crack of doom. We are willing to admit that, if a taboo were placed upon the remarkable persons who have figured in history, many of our picturesque writers would be deprived of their whole stock in trade. We are, however, not quite sure that the world would lose much if the whole tribe resigned their pens for good. We might be deprived of a great quantity of thrice threshed straw, but, for our own part, we could get on quite as well without it. What we really need is a little more of the salt of originality, and a more sparing use of mere words. It is bad enough to be obliged to read the ordinary literature of the day, but it is really vexing that the common topics of the hour cannot be discussed without all this froth and folly. Coming nearer to our own time, we find Samuel Pep) s growing into a bore of the first water. We can all read his Diary if we please ; but having read it it for ourselves, we do not care to see it hashed upon every occasion for the people who care nothing for Pepys nor the time in which he lived. The story of his first wig has gone from pole to pole, and, as far as we can judge, it is likely to travel round the world, like the Wandering Jew, until the last trump summons scribbler and diarist to the great account. Pepys did not bargain for this posthumous fame, and one knows not what agonies his shade must endure if it is conscious that it has become a stalking horse behind which the fell writers of the hour hide their base designs on the innocent reader. Of all the bores of history, however, commend us to, or rather save us from, the Pilgrim Fathers and the Mayflower. We cannot open a book on a stall without meeting with them. These old bigots permeate all literature, and haunt our picture galleries, to the terror of all sensible people. Can we not let them rest in peace ? Is it not possible to banish them for good into limbo? Hawthorne, heaven bless him ! took some of the gilt off their Puritanical gingerbread in the " Scarlet Letter," and we thank him for that knightly service. If we were inclined to play the part of a literary Don Quixote we should certainly try whether a vigorous lance prick or two would not frighten these grim old giants from the stage. But we have too great a borrow of them to attempt the task of exorcism, and are only sorry that, for the purposes of this article, we are obliged to admit them again before the curtain. Grace Darling is another, but a charming, bore of history. She has been rowing that old boat of hers daily in some print or other for the last thirty or forty years. She must tire of the work, and no doubt the fair heroine would gladly retire from business, but the literary hack finds her too valuable, and so her poor shade goes backwards and forwards from the wreck to the lighthouse as regularly as if she were expiating a crime and so in truth she is. Her crime in the eyes of her persecutors is her heroism, and they will not let her rest until another victim, equally brave and interesting, takes her place. Had she reflected upon the po'H'vlity of being famous, we fear the unfortunate pa> sengers on the Forfarshire steamer would have gone to the bottom before she would have:. lifted a finger to aid them. We cannot close this article without some " allusion " more or less " unlliaiH " to the New Zealander, who has been such an unconscionable time making that sketch of St Paul's. Macaulay little knew, when he borrowed the gentleman from Volney, that he had inadvertently started the poor savage upon a never-ending series of travels through the Press of the world ; yet such is the mysterious dispensation of Providence. We hear of the great traveller daily, and he is always trying to finish that unlucky sketch. He crops up in the most unexpected places, and so popular is he that every tyro who puts pen to paper feels called upon to look over his shoulder to see how he is getting on. We wish to heaven he would close his portfolio, and go back to the land of tomahawks. We do not want him here. Perhaps, with the barbarous. taste of a savage, he likes fame, and is glad to see the crowd of admirers who gaze in wonder at his masterly touches and bold outlines. But whether he is proud of his prominent position or not, he is a bore of the most vulgar type, and we do not thank the historian for so recklessly introducing him to the great masters of the art of chopping straw. Many a pen would no doubt be paralysed if harm came to the tire- some savage or any of his brethren of the company of bores. A universal paralysis of the pen however would, in our opinion, be preferable to this hashing up of history, this continual fitting on of the cast off-clothes of great writers. Had we absolute power we would certainly interfere to protect the public from the men who thus systematically annoy them. A decree of pains and penalties should at once be issued. We would make it treason without benefit of clergy to " allude " in any way to the Pilgrim Fathers. We would fine any man who would dare mention Cleopatra, of Hero and Leander, and we would send to the hulks or the treadmill the whole school of able editors who so persistently disturb the peace of Marie Antoinette. Society should be preserved from the nuisance of the literary organ grinder, and he should be compelled to go back to the plough, or to some other congenial employment. 