O&e; Calmea iWorn(ti8 IgcraHf«. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1871. We. have seldom received a succession of news so animating as that which has arrived within the last few weeks from Europe. The long depression of the great interests of these colonies seems to have passed away, and though many may be inclined to murmur at the distribution of good fortune, and that those who have lost in the former times will not all be the gainers in the present instance, still the community at large is benefited, and the advantage will flow over and reach in various forms every class of the people. Whether the rise in the price of wool will be permanent is a very anxious question. Three or four years ago there was a widely spread idea that the supply had more than overtaken the demand, and that the appearance of many countries in the wool market would enable only those best situated to maintain their position. The change, however, has been rapid and complete. Probably the interruption j and waste of war is partly accountable for this. Perhaps the lessened demand of former years may be ascribed to the general depression. When however, a few millions of men order now coats, they may set in motion all the clothiers of the world, and it is perhaps in this department of expenditure where will be first felt the return of peace. Whatever may be the cause of the revival in the demand, it will be as well for those who once thought the depression was permanent," to inquire whether it is possible it may return. The appearance of Americans in our wool markets is a noticeable change. Purchasing direct from Australia they will doubtless reap advantages from the contiguity of the market. It has, however, hitherto been found that the great centres of trade are more attractive to foreigners than those of production, and that the facilities for diffusion and transmission collected in these emporiums more than make up the cost of distance. It is thus London or Liverpool receives and transmits the merchandise of the whole world. There are, however, exceptional articles which may yield a margin of profit by other channels of commerce, and wool may be one. Our trading relations with America must increase unless they are obstructed, as at present, by fiscal laws. The state of the money market has con- founded the sagacity of those who are most interested in its rise and fall. While hundreds of millions are lent there seems to be still an excess. The discount of bills in the London market by the Bank of England of course does not show the real rate paid by the mercantile world ; but allowing for a higher sum, still its over-abundance seems to imply a degree of distrust. Why is this capital unemployed, except that the experience of former years has shaken confidence, and that enterprise is chilled by the uncertainty which is suspended over the future. This, however, may yield to time, and the old round of adventure and speculation may be run. We have gone through the process many a time, and lessons of experience are only operative on those who have felt them ; besides that there are always multitudes of men who are ready to seize the opportunity which a plethora of capital commonly offers to the financial lancet. We hope that our readers will accept the lessons of the past, and make the first business of their returning prosperity to strengthen its foundations, to clear off incumbrances, and to repair the damages of former mistakes. A community may be safe against the terrible reverses which in the end arrest its progress by moderating the spirit of adventure and checking the fast men who have always investments ready for pent-up capital. The individuals of a community are well off only as they can hold their own ; but the community itself may advance in general wealth, while the persons who compose it are tormented with anxiety, paroxysms of apparent success and real disaster. A letter appears in to-day's issue, calling upon the monetary establishments and other institutions to avail themselves of the low rate of interest at home, to reduce the charge on monetary transactions. The Economist newspaper points out the difference between the English and colonial rate, which is, doubtless, not easily explained. Still it is a fact that large sums are collected by savings banks and other institutions that look to security rather than profit; and that if great excess is occasionally charged, there is something peculiar in the security. Any sudden addition to the capital of the colonies would lead to dangerous discounting, at least so it has always done. The suggestion may be, however, well worthy of consideration, since any excess of profit has a tendency to produce excessive competition, and, as the inevitable result, disorder and loss. A return which appears in our journal to-day shows the increase in the production of gold. Long after the surface digging had been forsaken in Victoria, deep sinking was comparatively unknown in this colony. The returns show that considerable success has been attained by bringing into operation improved methods of extraction. The amount received by escort for the nine months ending September, 1871, was 203,849 ounces, in value approaching nearly a million sterling ; being an increase of 85,347 ounces as compared with the receipts of the first nine months of last year, which was 118,502 ounces. We have had conflicting reports in reference to the trade in preserved meats, and in fact the usual failures which obstruct the new enterprises have happened. The attempt to push into great development any new interest always occasions great mistakes in the process, and losses from ignorance or fraud. The effect of experience, however, will be to reduce the methods of preserving meat to some certain rule and the cheapening of every process by which it is prepared for or transmitted to European markets. The account sales which have been received are in some instances satisfactory. But no article is more detestable than bad meat carelessly preserved. It seems impossible that a fair article should not have a great demand among a dense population, where animal food is scarce, and yet is a necessary of life. We have seen abundant proof that meat of the best quality may be served up in the most acceptable form after having been kept for months or years. A well-doing population rarely devotes much time to politics. The recess of Parliament renders them still less urgent. The course of Victoria in reference to protection has effectually severed that colony ? from this, unless indeed the great interests of New South Wales, embracing a large proportion of the population should be sacrificed to a whim. Protection in Victoria, of course, means exclusion in New South Wales, in the present state of the law. It is yet to be ascertained by what means the conflict of interests is to be reconciled, or how a war of tariffs is to add to the general wealth. The advocates of pi tection resolutely ignore all interests but their own. The ports, the shipping, the sailors, all, are nothing. We are to sacrifice ten thousand seamen to set in motion a few hundred tailors or shoemakers, and to shut our harbours against the commerce of the world, in order to close our dependence upon foreigners. Our wool is nothing, our gold produce is nothing, our minerals are nothing ; the thousands of persons who, from the nature of their employment can never be benefited by protection, are all to be nothing. The only persons to be considered are those who prefer a factory life, and the excitement of strikes and trades unions. What the results of the Conference at Melbourne may be we have yet to learn. On the important question of free- trade, we have a divided Ministry, in which we presume the strongest will have the most power. The opinion of this colony has been expressed so decidedly in former times that we can hardly doubt that, when the occasion comes, it will not only discern, but maintain the common interests against those who would nullify its fairest prospects and possessions. ALONG with the rising price and production of wool the good fortune and industrial enterprise of New South Wales is observ- able in an increasing supply of gold. It has long been the conviction of those who have had the means of forming an opinion on the subject that this colony is very rich in this desirable mineral-probably richer than any of the other Australian colonies and that vast treasures only wait to be brought to light. The results of the last ten years have fully justified this view. Although gold in the exposed alluvial deposits is found in less quantity-and perhaps less an object of search than it was from 1851 to 1866 the business of mining has set in, and men of capital are settling down seriously to pound away at the reefs. It is somewhat unfortunate that these reefing operations have often fallen into the hands of speculators who have been characterised more by a desire for gold than skill to extract it. Their failures have thrown an amount of discredit upon the enterprise it does not deserve, and will of course survive for instances of success are not wanting to prove that, for those who conduct their affairs with spirit and intelligence, great profit is in store. There is a moral purpose, it may be inferred, in the general diffusion of so valuable a metal as gold, for, next to iron, it is the most widely diffused metal on the face of the earth. It occurs in granite, the oldest rock known to us, and in all the rocks derived from it. It is also found in the vein stones which traverse other geological formations, It is met with in the beds of the present rivers fed by the streams from the granite gathering grounds, and rocks that have been changed by the action of fire. It is found also in the old beds over which these rivers have pursued their way in their passage through wide valleys as they shifted their channel from side to side. The miner now seeks it in the beds of ancient rivers long ago lost to sight under superincumbent forma- tions. But beyond those situations in which it can be discovered by the eye, there are others apparent only to the chemist. The Rev. Mr. CLARKE speaks of pyrites us an auriferous gangue, that is to say, a substance with which gold is mechanically combined, and capable of yielding the metal in considerable quantities. This fact gives rise to new anticipations, for in this case, as is shown by au our authorities, the Rev. W. B. CLARKE, Mr. SELWYN, Mr. DAINTREE, and some others, the presence of gold may be looked for in the secondary and tertiary formations that is to say, in formations very much younger than those which are often considered to be typical. Thus gold has been derived from pyrites in green- stone in slate, altered and indurated by heat, as seen at Gympie; in coal shale as in Victoria, where Mr. SELWYN procured as much as 5- dwts. per ton from pyrites in such shale; and as Mr. DAINTREE has shown from the desert sandstone of Queensland. The chemist may yet further aid- in the discovery of in- visible sources of auriferous wealth and while he is co-operating with the miner to give to the world the treasures of the earth, nature is silently at work replenishing the store by de- positing gold from decomposing rocks of all ages, and forming it, as Mr. CLARKE thinks, by precipitation from mineral waters holding it in solution. Our share of the gold scattered through the world, and found either in the matrix or out of it visible or invisible, is fortunately large. We stand upon a possession that cannot be taken away-a possession that should afford us hope and confidence with respect to the future. Mr. CLARKE informs us, and indeed we can now perceive by the maps chiefly due to his investigations, that gold is known to exist, in less or greater abundance, throughout an area of which the limits are both of longitude and latitude, nearly 9 degrees asunder, which, as he truly observes, is " a sufficiently extensive region to offer expectation of many further developments of the precious metal." Gold in this colony is found in thirty-three counties, of which eighteen are Southern, eight Western, and seven Northern. The Southern Gold-field was opened in the year 1853, at Araluen; the Western likewise in the year 1851, on the Macquarie River ; the Northern also in 1853 on the Peel River. They have not proved equally productive. The Western and Southern districts have proved most so. In the former, twenty-four fields were proclaimed in the first fifteen years, and fourteen in the following five years ; whilst in the latter, twenty-five were supplied in the first fifteen years, and four in the remaining five. In the Northern district no gold-fields have been proclaimed since 1861, and only five previously to that period. The Western, as we perceive from the late returns, continues to maintain its pre-eminence. Our readers are too well acquainted with the fact to need any reminder that the export of gold since 1861 has been less than it was from 1851 to 1860. They are well aware that the first worked deposits became exhausted, and those less available failed to offer similar inducements to men who were unfitted to toil with patience for moderate results. From 1861 to 1867 there was a steady decline in the produce of gold observable. In 1868. the produce of the gold-fields rose; in 1860 it fell again, but not so low as in 1887. The amount received by escort at the Mint was then 224,383 ounces ; the yield to every man engaged in mining being £72 4s. 6d. per annum. Since that date (1869) the tendency has been upward. New impetus, combined with better knowledge, have been brought to bear, and a wider, deeper field of operation has been discovered. The evidence in our Mercantile Review is to show such an increase in last month's receipts as to carry the quarter's returns far beyond those of any similar period for years past and in these "it will be seen that the Western district excels the others. The aggregate receipts amounted to 32,588 oz.., of which 20,517 were from the Western, 10,600 from the Southern, and 1471 from the Northern. The increase here observable, of about 85 per cent, upon the corresponding year 1870, is mainly due to the operations at Gulgong and Tambaroora, which have been carried on with so much success. It would probably have been much greater but for the destruction of mining property caused by the autumn floods, the Southern fields having been the greatest sufferers from this cause. The absence of a Mining Department, to the possession of which gold mining in Victoria owes much of its success, is still to be deplored. Before any considerable increase can be expected from the abundant gold sources of this colony, the Government must employ persons competent to collect and register data and information as shall suffice to guide the miner to the object of his search. For the want of some directing hand of this kind, the life of a miner is frequently nothing but a series of disappointments, and mining industry itself is in danger of falling into disrepute. Capital will never be invested on a large scale until it can be done with more safety and certainty than at present and nothing will tend to impart a character of safety so much as the existence of a well conducted mining department, and a better attention to mining rights. SUPREME COURT Business, This Day. In Equity. Before his Honor the Primary Judge, at 11 o'clock. Motions and portions : Dumaresq and others v. By (by order), injunction motion. Master's Office, at 10.30 : Higham and others v. Hellyer and another, adjourned receiver's fourth account. At 11 30, Dibbs v. Mouatt and another, evidence prior to the heating. DISTRICT COURT Business for To-day. Cn. Sa. Motions : Levy v. Healy ; Cutter v. Smith ; Taylor v. Lowry ; Grimes v. Fitzpatrick ; M'Voigh v. Donnelly, Godfrey v. Hellyer, Day v. Douglas, Clune v. Quinn, Moore v. Simpson, M'Kickard v. Harvest, Board v. M'Par land, Doyle v. Hackett, Doy lov- Gordon, Rolland ?. 8 tack, Maloney v. Simonson, Simonsen v. Johnson. New Trial Motion : Geoghan and wife v. Rowarth. Interploadors ; Pedlow v. Lowe, Ellis v. Fear. Causes : Peters v. Hosol ton. Kelly v. Jones and another, Roberts v. Goddard, M'Dougall 2, Thorne THE MALACCA. The P. and O. Company's steamship Malacca,undoroharter to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, will receive the crews of H. M. S Blanche and Rosario on Wednesday, 11th instant, and sail for Bombay, via King George's Sound and Galle, on or about Sunday, 15th instant. WOOL AND PASTORAL ASSOCIATION OF NEW SOUTH "WALES meeting of the committee was held at the offices of Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., on Monday last, in pursuance of advertisement, at which the various letters published in the papers received by the last mail relative to the action taken by the colonists and those gentlemen resident in England, interested in the colonies, in moving for reform in the conduct of the wool sales in London, was discussed by the members present. Letters were also road from Western Australia and the district of Mudgee, in this colony, a well-known wool-growing locality, approving the course taken by the Association in supporting Sir D Cooper, and notifying intention of preparing an address to Sir Daniel, thanking him for his exertions on behalf of the wool-growers. An address to Sir Daniel from the wool-growers in Northern Queensland is also being prepared. Dens. Owners of dogs are reminded that the licenses for 1870-71 expired on the 30th September, and that unless renewed before the 14th of the present month, they will render themselves liable to a penalty of not less than 10s., besides the costs of prosecution. LETTS'S DIARIES. - The wide circulation in nearly every part of the world of the diaries annually published by Messrs. Letts, Son, and Co. renders it unnecessary to give any lengthy notice of these publications. The editions embrace above hundred varieties of form and size. They are suitable for the merchant, the man of business, the men of leisure ; indeed, the purpose for which, SB pocket-books or diaries they can be made available, are almost endless in their variety. They are usually published in time to enable business men to enter long dated bills, are, before the close of the year and this year there has been no delay in their preparation. The colonial editions are made to be as useful as circumstances will permit. As regards the special information contained in the edition for 1872, the publishers state that they have abandoned the historical calendar in favour of a postal one (to which is added the " Mwa'a Southing ") and an important table of mail routes and ports from every part of the world is given, so that an easy reference may be made to the date of outgoing mails from any port. Some additional information of colonial interest is also given in the new edition. The pocket diaries published by Messrs. Lett and Co. are as well got up and as useful as the larger books, and will, no doubt, be as much sought after as the editions of former years. FIRES. About 1 o'clock on last Wednesday afternoon the chimney of the house of Mr. Adolphus Picard, 47, Fitzroy-street, Surry Hills, was discovered to be on fire. The flames were extinguished by a member of the brigade. At 6 40 p.m. on the same day a chimney Are took place at a house, 20, Hocking-place, off Castlereagh street, occupied by James Sandford. Several members of the Insurance Brigade, who were quickly in attendance, were successful in extinguishing the flames. Shortly!! before 8 o'clock on the same evening a fire broke out into the chimney of the house of Mr. Charles Bath, 28.1 College-street. The fire was extinguished by Insurances firemen At half-past 6 o'clock last evening the house servant of the Observatory reported that sparks of rain were falling down the kitchen chimney, and almost directly afterwards it was discovered that fire was coming out of the top. Mr. Russell at once got on to the roof?, and poured, two buckets of water down the chimney, so secoND ceeding in checking the fire. The messenger and his sons arrived, and almost immediately afterwards Mr. Bown, they Superintendent of the Insurance Fire Brigade, with oÂf engine. The fire was completely extinguished by a fatty bucketsful of water. At ten minutes past 7 o clock last evening a fire in a chimney at 123, Bathurst-street, occur, pied by Mr. John Taylor, comb maker, was extinguished by the members of the Insurance Fire Brigade; as win. after a fire early in the afternoon of the same day, in a?. chimney of the house of Marion Stewart, 338, CastleroaglPP. street South. Tye A FALL OF SNOW On Monday morning last (says the Braidwood Dispatch), shortly after daylight, via had a heavy fall of snow The temperature the preview night had been unseasonably cold, but not sufficently soon cause Show to he expected. It lay two or three uioWjt thick in some places, and the hills on every side were, roost as with a mantle of spotless white. The rain. which f, of lowed soon washed it away, but the ranges to the coast and. the west were snow-capped until yesterday morning, who , there was a sharp frost, the ice being on the water. I a very unusual to have such weather at this time of the' year THE TALMUD AND THE GOSPEL. Last night the Rev. John Graham delivered a lecture on" The Talmud I and the Gospel contrasted,'' in the Congregational Church. 1 in Street. The lecturer briefly referred to some of the matters which he had discussed in his lecture on the Talmud, and contended that the points of resemblance between the Talmud and the Gospel were no more an argument' against the divinity of the latter than were the similarities which existed between Judaism and Egyptian rates as argument against the divinity of the Mosaic law. It was possible that the compilers of the Talmud had borrowed from the Gospel, but it was chronologically impossible that the Gospel could have been derived from the Talmud, seeing that the Mishna was not published until 100 years after the Gospel by Matthew, and the Germans not until 300 or 400 years afterwards. Jesus did not claim originality, but he took the truths of the old dispensation and gave them a world-wide currency. The Gospels stood pre- eminently in contrast with the Talmud by that their great subject, Jesus Christ, claimed a relation to and a oneness with God, such as pro- phet or rabbi had never claimed before. He professes to come forth from God, and to speak only the words of God. He admitted divine worship to be paid to him while, as having come in the flesh, he acknowledged himself to be subordinate to God. Lowliness and exaltation, suffering and glory, the human and the divine, were strangely after separably combined in him; his birth, his baptism, his miracles, his prophecy, his transfiguration, his crucifixion, his resurrection and ascension, all appeared to harmonize with the unique mysterious being, who was emphatically the Son of Man and the Son of God. He was said to be a blasphemer, but he gave the purest faith that had ever blessed the world ; a fanatic, but he spoke truths so calm, deep, and sublime that they were the admiration of the most searching intellect that had over instructed mankind. Jesus alone was absolutely stainless in him we saw perfect >iety without fanaticism, assurance without presumption, courage without rashness, caution without fear, was without intolerance, humility without exaggeration or weakness, formosa without severity, and absolute devotion to the interests of men while grandly robed in the claims at God. He breathed only the celestial breath of love wide as the atmosphere, clear as the light, impartial as the dew. His love was the moral miracle of all time, the standard of nil virtue, the reflection of the invisible God. It was the simplicity, the symmetry, the perfection of moral goodness glorious rainbow standing out as the area of promise against the sins of the world. The grand character of the Talmud was killed, in whom there were points of approx mation to the character of Jesus, but also points of wonderful divergence, The most remarkable characteristic of Hillel was gentleness, but his meekness and hisoonrtety sometimes exceeded the bounds of truth, The teaching; of Jesus contrasted with the Talmud in that it was worthy of God, The God of the Talmud was glorious compared to the gods of Greece and Boas, but far inferior to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. The lecturer illustrated this position by quotations from the Talmud as given in Ann's Modern Judaism, and he also very briefly alluded to the fables of the Bohomotk, Leviathan, Bernkni, c. The New Testament contrasted with the Talmud in that it treated of the weightier matters of the law, the justice, mercy, and love of God who the Talmud was largely made up of generalities and the petty details of a multiplicity of ritualistic and ceremonial observances. Another marked contrast was to be found in the grand simplicity and spiritual freedom of the Gospel. The kingdom of God was not meat and drink, not ecclesiastical robes or genuineness, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Christianity contrasted with Rabbinisra in that it over worked towards the unification of the human race, while the latter tended to disrupt the unity of the race by the erroneous representations of the Talmud in reference to the souls of men before they come into the world, while they passed through it, and when they left it. The Talmud had stereotyped the temporary separation of the Hebrew race into permanent isolation, and so far as the Jew was concerned had made a universal religion impossible. Jesus taught men to love not their neighbours merely, but their bitterest enemies, and Ho interceded for those who crucified him. The lecturer did not deny that there were benevolent maxims In the Talmud, but he contended that, as compared with the influence of the Gospel, they were doing nothing to regene- rate the world. The Talmud contrasted with the New Testament in its opposition to human progress. The Jews had progressed, but it was the spirit of Christianity and not the traditions of the Rabbis that had compelled them to advance. The traditions of the Talmud inculcated servile faith in man and the twelfth article of the Jewish belief made their religion one of unprogressive finality. In conclusion, the lecturer urged that the transcendent glory of Christ was this-that He met the three great wants of mu -in that He gave power, peace, and purity to conquer sea. The following selections from " The Messiah" ware sang at intervals by the choir, assisted by other friends, and conducted by Herr Carl Schmitt :- Chorus And the Glory of the Lord ; He trusted in God ; Chorus Lift up your heads : Soprano Aria-I know that my Redeemer liveth ; Chorus Behold the Lamb : Aria Basso Why do the nations ; Chorus Hallelujah. The proceeds of the lecture are to be given towards building the new schoolrooms. THE SEASON. Agriculturists and horticulturists alike seem to have been prematurely desponding about the prospects of the weather. Spring certainty came in upon us with all the fervour of summer, and apparently with a settled determination to dry up every thing but October opened with true vernal changeableness, and now after the fine rains hopes have been brightened as freshness and vigour is presented by vegetation generally. Around Sydney the trees in the park lands are in liveliest green, and the market and flower gardens are flourishing. There is now every prospect of labour in the field and garden being rewarded with bountiful results. The florists are extremely well favoured by the recent weather and the pressure at the garden are beginning to put forth their gay colours in private parterres and in nurseries. At Double Bay the grand show of flowering azaleas which Mr. Guufoyls annually exhibits is now in the zenith of profusion and brightness. In addition to the attraction presented by the large border near Ocean-street, there are scattered through the garden among other choice plants many beautiful hybrid azaleas crossed with rhododendrons. These are now in flower and show the improvement in a more closely bunched bloom. Just. ANTHONY TROLLOPE. This distinguished littet (New returned from Queensland on Monday, after a tour to the north of that colony, as far as Rockhampton. Mr. Trollope will stay in Sydney for about a fortnight, and then proceed to his son's station in the district of Young, from where he will return to Sydney, and spend a few weeks, and then proceed to England via Melbourne. THE BULLRING FRY-The Australian troupe of bellringers will commence a series of entertainments at the School of Arts this evening, prior to their departure for San Francisco. The Lynch family will be assisted by Miss Clara Lea and Mr. Simpson. PRINCE OF WALES OPERA HOUSE Signor Dondi took his benefit last evening at the above theatre, and the attendance fully justified the estimation in which born held by the musical community of Sydney. The opera of " Lucrezia Borgia " is hardly one that gives the greatest scope for the display of the power, either has to ironic or vocal, of the basso, but nevertheless the part was made the most of by the beneficiare, and he was encored with enthusiastic, applause. His rendering of the aria. " Vieni la mia vendetta " was loudly applauded, and despite an occasional introduction of the tremolo vocalisa- tion, which at times was rather overdone, it was the most part cessful of any part of the role of 11 Dunn. He was well supported throughout ; Signora Zanoni basins in excellent voice, and rendering the role of Lucrezia with much artistic effect. The part of Gennaro is admirably adapted to Signor Rosnati, and with the exception of Ricardo in " Un Ballo in Maschera," may be considered his most effective representation. As an interlude, Signor Dondi introduced Hntton's celebrated song, " Simon the Cellarer," which being tumultuously encored, he repeated, and as a third encore, substituted the noted aria, Now my courage," from Maritana. The performance terminated with the last two acts of " Ripple," in which Signora Coy and Signor Grandi divided the honours. His Excellency Lord Belmore was present and exhibited a good example to the habitues of the dress circle by remaining in his seat until the full of the curtain instead of leaving during the shaping of the "Alcaudri" by Signora Coy, which is one of the gems of " Pimple," the last two acts of which ended the performance. As an act of ordinary courtesy be too as- it sees, it would be well if his example was generally imitated. This evening, Signor Zenari, prime tenore of Cagli and Pompei opera troupe, takes his benefit. The opera selected for the occasion is Verdi's celebrated " II Irova tore," which has always been a favourite with the bogus scene of Sydney. Signor Angelo Xenari has sung nearly all the principal tenor music in the operas hitherto produced by the present cntrepemm-i, and has been favourably received by appreciative audiences. He has, we are informed, also a continental reputation, having made himself a name in Rome, Florence, Turin, Genoa, and though hist.notUasMn^La Sjohuo^^.^a «kgedyjrb»,, from Malta to the Levant, would be cut off from the western basin, which reaches from Malta to Gibraltar, And if this elevation were yet smaller,' it would come pletely cut off the western basin from the, Atlantic for although the narrow part of the Straits of Gibraltar, near its eastern extremity, was a depth exceeding 600 fathoms, there is a gradual v ' shallowing, with increase of width, towards it I western extremity ; so that, when it opens out between Capes Trafalgar and Spartel, a considerable part of it has a depth of less than 100 fathoms, while its deepest channel does not exceed 200 fathoms. The depth of the western basin approaches 1500 fathoms over a considerable part of its area, and sometimes more while that of the eastern basin approaches 2000 fathoms in many parts, and reaches 2160. The effect of the ridge at the western extremity of the Strait of Gibraltar is to cut off direct communication between the deeper water of the Mediterranean and that of the Atlantic, only allowing a eonrmuriicatiott between their surface waters. On this *****£?» another noteworthy point namely, that of the differ ence between the water of the Mediterranean and that of the Atlantic, in regard to their respective proportions of salt and it has been found that there's an excess of salinity in the water of the Mediterranean above that of the Atlantic. 