THE NEW GERMAN EMPIRE, (From the National Zeitung, Berlin, January, 10.) ON the 18th of January the King of Prussia announced to the German people that he is assumed the dignity of German emperor at' ; the unanimous call of the German princes í and free towns. Without doubt, the restora- 'tion, or, if you will, the renewal of the Germans i imperial dignity, is a very striking and eight [ faint expression of the present condition of our i Fatherland. It denotes how far German unity has been attained, and how far Germany still [ remains divided. , A perfectly united nation ¡ does not need and has not an emotion, but a king; and as in our nation and language morn ; ancient times, as well as among the kindred English and Scandinavians, the name "king" expresses the highest state dignity and the 1 greatest fullness of power, so that it is impossible to conceive anything higher in power and dignity, the head of Ger- many would properly be called King of Germany, if our people were in possession of as perfect and complete national unity as the English, Danes, Swedes,, and other nations, The constitution of Germany, however, still remains in an imperfect stage of national unification, and the name " Emperor," which has just been assumed exactly suits this sister of things. It is the German princes, the rulers of the divisions of Germany, who expressed the desire for this limited chief'- dignity, like proclamation of the 185 of January, makes no-, mention of a call on the",pá_t"bj. the people, but for this we ' console'uour_elves with" the thought that the people are born and destined for unity. , - -At v At r e, g. But before we describe wh_atftl>e,n_*tvtGor man Imperial dignity is, we will explain what it is not. It is a child of the blooming present,'endowed.withiodyuand goblet issue ghost of the pastry..,*..I£ing William, -the new German Emperor, ' is not to be and will not be, a follower of Charles the Great or of Otto the Great Would F that he might, be the follower of King Henry ! Of him it was said., " When he died (which was in the year 1936) Germany Was everywhere in a flourishing and progressing condition, united at home, respected by all, hated by none the most powerful State in Europe, and yet not dangerous to the liberty of any neighbouring people." Such a king of Germany we should most willingly have and keep ; but as it is only an Emperor that is granted to us, you need not fear, Italians, that he will cross the Alps, or come to terms with " ' ' ! the Pope about the sovereignty of the world. and all anxious persons at home and abroad may give up their fears for he will be no Latin, or Gallic Caesar for strange to say, as soon as King William's Imperial dignity was spoken: of, some feared that he intended to open again with Peter's keys the holy German Empire of the Middle Ages, while others had a foreboding of a Latin Caesaribm. The learned can indeed find some connecting link for these different fears. Was not Charles the Great, who was crowned by the Pope, in a certain manner looked upon as the successor of the old Emperors from Augustus to Theodosius Î What security have we that King William will not equally contrive to mingle the odour of sanctity with the constant increase of the numbers of his horses and horsemen ? In that case we should have collected together in one Pandora's box all the plagues of the German and Latin Empires. But we must remember that the German Emperors of later centuries can be reproached with anything rather than superfluity and cause of Imperial power. On the contrary, it was Napoleon who desired to revive the claims of Augustus and of Charles the Great. So we see in what quarter, the desire for universal rule sprung up in modern times. The Prussian kings, however, will not be suspected of imitating Bonapartism and at all events, their position and power in Germany is anything but like that of Bonaparte. The new German Empire, which has sprung from a quite different source from the former Empire, can only be explained by the present situation of Germany. The only reason for the introduction of the title "Emperor" into the Germany of to-day seems to consist in the fact that there are, also several kings in Germany. Therefore the necessity has now arisen, and this necessity has been most felt by the German princes, to adopt a distinctive name for the head of the Empire. Thereby it is rendered easier for the princes to be subordinate to the Prussian king, and, above all, their distinct power appears to them to be equally hedged in and secured against all injury. Moreover, it must not be forgotten that in the title " Emperor " there say something elevating and winning-something that excites joy and inspires respect in the minds of the people, especially in those parts of Germany to which the most illustrious of the old Emperors belonged by birth or residence, or in those parts of Germany which have had no great history since the splendour of the Eraser pire faded away. While all Germans recognise ? the head of the State in the new Emperor, the example serves to extend the notion of the strength of the Empire, and to strengthen our unity, and our love 0? unity. Finally, it must also have a wholesome effect abroad, for the increase in German unity is made more apparent to all foreign nations by the Imperial title and the sovereign who bears it. 