SPAIN AND ITS NEW KING. King Amadeus I. has arrived in Madrid, .chosen a Ministry, dissolved the Cortes -which elected him to the throne, and .launched his frail hark among the breakers of Spanish constitutionalism so-called. The omens have been sadly unpropitious, and King Amadeus the First must be a youth of courage if he can carry a light heart about k-with him jn the neighbourhood of the Calle -de "j&Icala.; Ostensibly the chosen of the Spanish nation, he is in reality the nominee of a provisional dictator whose career has teen closed by assassination. With Marshal Prim at his right hand, his task would have "been arduotks and his^future precarious; for Prim's personal influence was on the decline, and the 'last month of his administration had been in many respects the least fortunate. Without his expected champion and "couhsellor King Amadeus is to his own adherents a foreigner; to his opponents an intruder. Me steeds between a lukewarm faction of EDITION.] Menarehists andtwo wrathful i actions of Carhits and Republicans, ^ Had he doable ; hie age; and a proportionate* endowment of Machiavellian eh iH, he might risk the desperate expedient o"f divide et impera. But a tyro who has just stepped out of the political nursery cannot defy, the public opinion of Europe by treating Spaniards rather according to their practical requirements than their theoretical rights. An ingenuous youth who has just Gwom to observe the Constitution cannot take the initiative in vioIating.it. His enemies have that essential advantage over him, and they will- not neglect • it. "While he must sit on a tottering throne, his hands encumbered by a powerless sceptre, intrigue can be undermining fcim, and conspiracy can be laying its bloody net for him. The royal puppet is at the mercy of - events as entirely as if the seething cauldron into which his ambition has phmged him had been real and not figurative. The ricketty wheel will continue to fly round without regard to the little Savoyard fly that has alighted upon it. When the Cortes reassembled after the Duke of Aosta'a acceptance of the throne, its sole anxiety was to mar the arrangement to which it had committed itself, and to prepare the most ungracious welcome for the new King. The Progressiva* or Ministerialists turned sulky when they had fulfilled the behests of the Government. Tbe Moderados (Conservatives) and the Republicans ceuld still effect much by sheer obstructiveness, and their opposition was renewed with redoubled vigour. A fresh disposition of parties much less favourable to the Government intervened. On the one side the Cimbrios, or extreme Liberals, drew off from the Progrrssistas, and the Union Liberals stood aloof in another corner. Gn the opposite side the Republicans had attracted the looser elements of the Ministerialist parly, and were preparing for a temporary junction with the Conservatives. The faction which had been most active in dethroning the ex-Queen condescended to accept the aid of her partisans against the approaching regime. As for the Grandees, who had all the while been crooning in an Upper Chamber by themselves, they would have no more to do with revolutions. and pronunciamentos. Rather than be obliged to.join in the welcome of Amadeus I., or to recognise any successor of the devout Isabella, they dissolved their Assembly. By a vote of fortythree against half a dozen the Grarulexa committed suicide, and Madrid granted it the indulgence of burying itself quietly out of sight. Public interest was absorbed by the Cortes, when three hundred and fifty -six representatives of the Spanish people had to be restrained from the revocation of a solemn national act. The avowed opposition had increased to a hundred votes, and not more than two hundred could be safely reckoned upon by the Government. That was the precise number which carried the resolution expressing horror at the outrage on Marshal Prim. Before his death a vote of confidence in the Government was accepted from a mere section of the Parliament, reckoning a hundred and forty votes. This was the final performance of the party under whose auspices Amadeus has ascended the throne of Charles the Fifth. Two days after His Majesty pronounced the dissolution which terminated the interregnum, and ne- 9essit?te<l no appeal to the country for confirmation oihis loosely-held sovsreignty. The death of Prim occasioned a sudden and suspicious change in the demeanour of the Opposition^ Its outrageous violence was hushed, and its truculent threats were succeeded by an Ominous silence. The Cortes was abandoned to the few devoted Ministerialists, and the streets subsided into a sullen kind of order. The lull after the storm will not, if the King is well advised, betray him into a premature sense of security. Men who have not hesitated at the most odious and most dangerous part of their work are not likely to be diverted from its completion. Marshal Prim may have been no martyr, because it was not a martyr's cause that he died for ; but he was at least a vicarious victim. For the sin of sovereignty he was struck down, and as the irresistible partisan of Monarchical Government he had to be pni out of the way. The premonitions which were unheeded when no warning of danger opened the mind to them are eloquent after the fact. The . stormy discussion on the proposal to dissolve the Cortes predicted bloodshed. Those who had any respect left for the political honour of Spain were thankful that it had not occurred then and there. One Carlist deputy, in repudiating the new monarchy, declared that his party would struggle against it " in the manner taught them by the men now in power." The Republicans even could not preserve themselves from the contamination of this swash-buckler patriotism. The fervid and hitherto . honourable Castelar anticipated- contingencies, which under the circumstances were almost suggestions. He warned the King-elect that "when he put his foot on Spanish soil he would see the ghost of the Emperor Maximilian L, and that all the way to Madrid the stones of the road would ciy out Vh-a la Republica," With such men as Castelar these hints may have been nothing more than flourishes of rhetoric; but there were men of action in the Cortes who construed them more literally. These open threats were not the most formidable symptoms. Marshal Prim gave them a contemptuous hearing from day today, and seldom noticed them unless to defy Carlists and Republicans combined to execute them. But ther6 were underground rumblings which foretold dark work. The last extremity was being provided for, and Madrid suspected the fact, though it was persistently incredulous. The correspondence of an English journal, dated only ten days before the assassination, speaks of " persons with good information who believe that the Republicans are about to go still further than they have gone in the Cortes or in the Press." The correspondent adds, "but 1 can ^hardly fancy that they will do so, though everything is possible in Spain." Altogether apart from its disinclination to be governed at all, Spain would be the most difficult country in Europe to govern. It has consolidated and in many instances aggravated nearly all the fashionable Wees of {modern Statecraft. Its finances as ip the last stage of bankruptcy. Its administration has reached the lowest depth of corruption. Its people remain sunk in the most hopeless ignorance and fanaticism. Its commerce has. been not only ruined but disgraced by an alternation of absolutism and anarchy. The country has very little to hope from any Government, and equally little to give for the relief of public difficulties. They are pressed down with a taxation from which they derive little benefit, and which is far from meeting the national obligations and necessities. The financier of the Revolution (M. Figuerola) could not wait for his monarchical successor, but made his escape from the Treasury as soon as the royal ejection had been accomplished. The cause of his precipitation was a natural reluctance to confess to the Cortes that under his fostering care the deficit had grown -to something more than thirteen millions sterling. The humiliating announcement had afterwards to be made by a pro tern. Minister,-who "enlivened it ^-ith-prognostications of further shortcomings at the close of the current year. Senor Figuerola's estimates of revenue will be very partially re&liaed;, -and his liberal reforms are snre to be reattached by the Protective faction. With thjt reinaposition of differential dutie3 on shipping, of a wildly protective tariff, and of oppressive octroi duties, Spain may have to begin again nnder Amadeus the First where it left off at the expulsion of Queen Isabella. 