THE FUN OF POLITICS. " SYDNEY PUNCH " for the last two weeks is very severe on the Premier, Sir James Marl in, and his colleagues, on account of llicir lnte fiasco at the Intercolonial Conference. In the last issue but one, die principal cartoon represents the Premier driving, tandem, in a dogcart, at a terrific pace, to Kilmore, en route to Melbourne—he has a short pipe in his mouth, and looks particularly blase. Mr.. Lord is in the dog-cart, holding high up a bottle of champagne. Mr. Docker is clinging to Mr. Lord, and has the leg of a fowl on a fork, also high in tlie air—all tliree are very jolly, and look particularly happy. This week's principal cartoon represents the Premier in his study, with lamp burning—his bookcase well lined with works thus labelled—" Jack in Office," "Gunner)'," "What to Eat, Drink, aud Avoid," "Canon Laws," "Army List," "Cribb on Self-defence," " Cookery," " How not to do It," " Dictation," " Queen's Regulations," " Snobbery," " Pic-nics" " Don Quixote," " Humbug," and " Bombastes Furioso." Spread out against the wall is a chart of Sydney harbor defences. On the Premier's desk lies, open, tlie Stamp Act—and die word " Retrenchment," in large letters, on a sheet of paper. The Premier is startled by a rap at the door, and Parkes's figure is seen in tlie doorway, at which tlie Premier is frightened — his mouth open—his hair on end—he struck down on one knee, having tumbled over axl valorem duties, pic-nics, defence force, land bill, border duties, &c.;, which lie scattered oil the floor. The cartoon is after Scene 2, Act i, of Hamlet. We give below Punch's description of the cartoon :— Once, within a midnight dreary, Martin pondered glum and weary By a light that shed no cheery beams across the office floor; And his bilLs were all before him—priest of duties ad valorem, Chief of many a trusting quorum that lias helped him heretofore— Chief of many an outraged quorum that will help him—nevermore! " Ah! distinctly I remember we must meet in next November," Quoth he, poking at an ember thai had dropped against tlie door, " And I dread the Opposition—notwithstanding its condition, Still chaotic as perdition—it will taunt me evermore: Though chaotic as perdition, it will hound me—evermore! Talking thus, and sadly thinking, while the lamp continued blinking, How to face with mein unshrinking, Foiater, Samuel, and their corps; \ Thinking thus, and partly napping—suddenly there came a tapping As of someone near him rapping, rapping at the office door, Someone like a spirit rapping, rapping slowly at his door! " This must be," said Martin, rising, " Lord, my puppet, advertising, But his presence is surprising, at this mo •lent, and a bore; Jack himself is not my choke lass"—here tlie door, on hinges noiseless, Opened! and, advancing voiceless, stalked across the sombre floor Parkes's Ghost and—nothing more! " Ghastly Spectre of Kiama " shrieked out Jemmy, dread alarmed, " Hast thou come up here to harm a former colleague and to pour In his ear grim accusations of bygone dissimulations— Wilt thou cease to try my patience, and go back from hence, belc-noir ?" Quoth the Spectre, " Nevermore! " 'Bugbear—bogie! I defy thee! and this very instant, by the. Bolts of Jupiter, I'll try tlice, and thy boasted spirit lore! Omen grim," continued Martin, from his cushioned chair upstarting, Will the public take my part in House and country as before ? " Quoth tlie Spectre, " Nevermore! " " Fiend, with finger pointing hither, like a vane in evil weather, Though I hale thee altogether, tell me truly, 1 implore, Having sworn to flout 'dictation,' will I with increased taxation Prey for ever on the nation, filling thus Protection's craw ?" Quolli the Spectre, " Nevermore! " " Frightful Feature, let me ask thee—for I've sworn this night to task thee— If the House should yet unmask me, will my public day be o'er ? Are the members in their senses? will my Stamp Acts and ' Defences'— Backdoor measures, poor pretences—gull tlie lot as heretofore ? " Quoth tlie Spectre, " Nevermore!" " Prophet -ghost, though Tiling of evil tracking me like dogging devil— Wanderer from the pitchy level of tlie Night's Plutonian shore, By thy nostrils fierce, capacious, is there—is there, in the spacious Future, aught for me lliat's gracious ? will my breath again be law ? " Quoth tlie Spectre, " Nevermore! " " Be that word thy last one spoken! ' cut' away ere hope be broken— Leave no toemark as a token of thy presence on this floor! •iGct thee back to black perdition—by the '«fc : bands of' Coalition,' ; I may keep my proud position : keep it as I've«done of yore!" Quoth the Spcctre, " N^fennorc! " And the Spectre never flitting—with 110 thought at all of quitting, Still glooms close to Martin sitting, sitting moody, lone, and sore! And tlie monotone so muttered—yea, tlie" single phrase thus uttered, In .that chamber latched andshultered, with die shadow on its floor, Shall be silenced—nevermore!. 