I - ,emonial!6£ opening the '^ca r 'of ; the Catholic University Saturday in the church attached ?:tution. There was a very large ,.iable congregation assembled, -who, uiiisual interest, they manifested in it function, ?were evidently anxious 1 to it a good deal of political signifi, ce. The space occupied by the graduates -icl' under-graduates was enclosed ? by a neat -?-? row of stalls, -in which the professors satin the order of their respective faculties. In the faculty of theology were present : — Very Rev. E. J. O'Eeilly, D.D., S.J., and the Eev. Dr. M'Devitt, lecturer on religion and sacred history ; m tlie lacuity ot mecucme — rro- fessors Lyons. Cryan, Sullivan, Byrne, MacSwiney, and Dr. Hayes, FenneUy, Nixon, and Ward, demonstrators to the faculty ; in the faculty of philosophy and letters — Pro- fessors Robertson, Stewart, Dunne, Schurr, ICavanagh, Scrattan; and in the faculty of science — Professors Penny, W. K. Sullivan, Hennessy, Lyons and M'Carthy. There was also present Very Eev. A.- O'Loughlin, Dean of St. Patrick's House. The High Mass was commenced at twelve ? o'clock. The Eector, Dr. Woodlock, pre sented himself at the rails of the sanctuary after the Gospel, and delivered a telling ad dress on the occasion which had brought them together.- He dwelt long and eloquently on the principle that science and religion could not be separated' and in conclusion he proceeded to show that the Catholic Church had always promoted the cultivation of the arts and sciences, as was splendidly evidenced in the acts of the General Council which had just been sitting at the Vatican. The follow ing remarkable passage he then quoted from the acts of the Council :— 'The Catholic —Church perpetually and unanimotisly has also held and holds that there is a twofold know ledge — natural and divine. And not only can faith and reason never be at variance, but they afford each other mutual assistance ; for right reason demonstrates the foundations of faith, and, illiimined by its. light, cultivates the science of things divine, while faith frees and guards reason from errors, and furnishes it with manifold. knowledge. So far, there fore, is the Church from opposing the culti vation of human arts and sciences, that she many ways helps and promotes it; for she is neither ignorant of nor despises the benefits to human life which, result from them, but confesses that as they coma fi™j God, tlac Lord of Sciences, so, if they bo rightly treated, they lead to. God by the help of His grace. Nor does bhc Church forbid that each of these sciences within its own sphere should make ? use of its own principles and its own method, but while recognising this just liberty she is sedulously on her guard, ? lest, by opposing the divine teaching, they assume the patron age of error and lest going beyond their own boundary they invade and trouble the domain of faith.'' At the conclusion of the High Mass the hymn to invoke the aid of the Holy Ghost on the labours of the session just commenced was chaunted with good effect, after which the ceremonial was brought to a close. The University choir was under the direction of Mr. Barrafclough, and Mr. Thomas Manby, Colgreve, a distinguished amateur, presided at the organ. 