tffallaraa Cinifs. WALLAROO: SATURDAY, JAN. 28. Parliament assembled after the Christ mas recess and sat for one fortnight, when it was prorogued by His Excellency, who read a speech in which he was made to regret that the principal measure of the session, the Eand Bill, had come to grief. Every oue understands that His Excel LENcr reads, on sucli occasions, whatever his ministers have chosen to string to gether. There is a very fair amount of certainty that had he had to compile his own speech, it would have been a widely different one to the formal and partial affair he had placed in his hands. The colony has had more than one opportu nity of judging how His ExcklTjExcy is likely to exorcise his judgment when a colonial job is before him. He is much more likely to attack it in vigorous English than to gloss it over with official palaver; and, we can imagine him taking a widely different view of the events of tbe session to that set forth in his proro gation speech. Wo believe that the fact cannot have escaped his perception that the two principal Bills of the session, which had a curious relation to each other, aud had an indirect aim, met with a very well deserved fate. The Land Bill, as it left the Assembly, seemed to be a device for absolutely fooling away revenue that no sane person would contend is not im peratively needed by the colony. The Port Augusta Railway Bill would, had it been carried, tend to very largely increase the annual expenditure of the colony, with little or no prospect of bringing in any revenue. The two would very pro bably render the colouy insolveut and cause an exodus to set in to the neigh bouring colonies, to get rid of the incubus of debt and taxation involved. But they were schemes for rewarding patriotism, al though they might impoverish the colony. No one who knows anjthing of these mat ters would deny, that immediately after the passing of the Victorian Land Act, which our Legislative patriots worship, members of Parliament there did not acquire splendid estates, under its provisions nominally, really by breaking and evading them. The fact is notorious in Victoria. Then, again, the Port Augusta Railway Bill was intended to cause the scrip of a large number of what are politely termed mines, in the North, to be valuable, which scrip is now not worth more than waste paper. Again, it was to be constructed on the guarantee principle, and the fact is notorious that last year bribes were freely offered to cause this principle to be law. His Excellency might, in his prorogation speech, have sympathised with hon. members upon the failure that had attended palpable scheming, and, at the same time, have congratulated the colony that its revenue had not been foolishly dissipated when urgently ueeded, aud that its expenditure had not been in ordinarilv increased afc a time the strictest economy ought to be practis ed. r As soon as Parliament re-assembled, the Tkeasureb. tried to lead the J louse of Assembly up to the Land Bill, but mem bers, siek of land laws, refused to even put in an appearance, and the House was counted out more than once. This boded badly for the measure, but the Tee as free persevered, with the more earnestness, as his friends in the Council had really made it presentable. There can be little doubt that up to the time of the Bill leaving the Assembly the Treasurer devoutly wished it ill; but, after the mauly stand made by the Council, the free and independeut action of that body in causing the Bill to be something like in accordance with common sense and business-like principles, the Treasurer. would not have so much objected to have had it handed down to futui'e Parliaments as the Land Bill of his Grovernment. A game at battledore and shuttlecock took place, and the Bill was one day in one House and the next in the other. The Council had no objection to meeting the Assembly on matters purely formal or of detail, but its members resolutely set their faces against any infringement of what they rightly considered to be the prin ciples on which a Laud measure should be based. At last the Treasurer con vened a caucus to which the most violent, visionary, and least judicious members of the Assembly were not invited, and in the privacy of a caucus meeting the tactics of the wily Ancient Mariner prevailed. A majority of members left the caucus with the intention of giying way as much as it had been calculated would insure the Bill being passed into law. A Conference of the two Houses also took place, and there appeared every probability of suc cess. At the last moment there was a break down over a mere trifle, and this break down because an irrreparable frac ture in a curious and unexpected manner. The Council had wished to make the re sidenee of a bailiff or agent of a nruprietor equal to personal residence on a section bought on credit, whilst the Assembly in sisted that only the residence of a man on a cultivated sectiou of forty acres, or the residence of some relation, should compute for personal residence. Both clauses contemplated substituted for per sonal residence ; but the definition of the Assembly was absurd, as it closed the door to a man who had had only twenty, or thirty, cr thirty-five acres, or who had no eligible relations who could be utilis ed. Tf the principle of substituted resi dence be granted, as it was by both clau ses, the definition of the Council was rea sonable, and that of the Assembly partial and ridiculous. In order to facilitate matters, the Council, at last, offered to strike out its clause and make residence compulsory, if the Assembly would do the same. Men who had consistently op posed the Bill throughout, of course op posed this concession, and being aided by one or two converts whose conversion just at the crisis can only be accounted for as effected by occult means, they succeeded in gaining a tie in the voting. Then the Speaker, in accordance with custom, gave his vote with the Noes, and the Bill was negatived. Who deserves credit for this cau only be guessed at. At the commencement of the session we were very much reviled for affirming that, notwithstanding appearances, three great reformers would be susceptible to the in fluence of the Premier, who is, we submit as clever a Parliamentary whip as ever sat in an Assembly. When the final division took place Messrs Bbight and Townsend crossed the House, and Mr Quin had leaye of absence! The unan swered question of the session is—Did or did not the Premier wish the Land Bill to be law ? At first he wished to decently inter it; then he viewed it without posi tive repugnance ; but, at the finale, into which scale did he throw his influence ? Appearances warrant the presumption that, at last, although he voted for it, he was as good as half-a-dozen votes to the opposition. Respecting the miscarriage of the Port Augusta Railway Bill we may be very brief. The Council would not hear of the guarantee system that posses ses so irresistible a charm for the patrio tic portiou of the members of Assembly. This part of the Bill was-excised without discussion, and, as it was all the patriots carer] about, as they cared nothing about the Railway without it, the Bill was al lowed to slide. A feeble protest was set up that the Council had exceeded its pri vileges, but this was speedily set at rost by a message being received from the Council, that that Chamber would recog nise no privileges of the Assembly, except ing those confered upon it by the Consti tution Act. This piece of plain speaking had its effect, and no more was heard of the visionary privileges of the Assem bly. A Bill has been passed this last ses sion which is calculated to be of very material benefit to the mining population residing upon the Peninsula, as it allows to every man the sure tenure of half-an acre of laud, with a property in all im provements effected upon it, on payment of the sum of 10s annually to the Govern ment. This is a concession that has ear nestly been advocated by the friends of the miners, who have been grieved to see the total absence of any regard for sani tary laws in some parts of the mining townships. W hen the regulations to be is sued in connection with the new bill come into operation the fault will rest with the miners if they continue to reside in the squalid residences they have hitherto. Although we do not expect all will move, yet it is certain a number will bo induced to do so, and this exodus will render the townships better for those who remain. What was called the Primary Judge in Equity Bill, which we earnestly opposed, but which was received with acclamations by all our contemporaries, has been re served by His Excellency for Her Majes ty's assent. The report of a Committee that sat to investigate a sale of bonds by the late Treasurer, and a recent sale of drafts by the present Treasurer, has been published. From it we gather that the Treasurer was unable to substantiate some charges he preferred against his predecessor, whilst his own transaction was unreservedly condemned The Com mittee also considered the change of the G-overnment banking business, from one bank to another, which took place when the late Treasurer was in office. No im portance attaches to this part of the re port, as it ought to be accepted as a tacit reproach to the Parliament for not sooner taking action in the matter, when the true aspect of the affair was patent to every in telligent person. A report has also been published upon the working of the system of deferred payments and conditional clauses in the Land Act; and, as might have been expected, the conditions are | found to be treated as waste paper. The Government, when the Land Bill of the session was thrown out, carried one sup plementary to the old Ac;: by which its provisions and application will be extend ed. In the opinion of most persons a slight reform of the old Act would have been preferable to the s^rai-soeialist scheme tried to be foisted upon the coun try. The Government was very anxious to create some Parliamentary majors, colonels, and captains of volunteers, but saner councils prevailed, and the colony, which is already weighted down with a sufficient number of difficulties, and which, if sacked, would not pay for a single man of war, is not yet to be taxed to keep up a standing army. Had the mail, which arrived this month brought news of fresh complications in European politics, and the spreading of the disastrous war now raging, it is im possible to say what might not have been the effect on the Peninsula, and, indeed, upon the colony of South Australia, Copper had touched a point in the quota tions below which to work the mines with profit would have been an impossibility. Were the large industrial population residing here suddenly to be thrown out of employment, the strain upon South Australia would be very severe. Fortu nately for us the news brought is favor able, and we have reason to believe that higher prices will soon be heard of. The great mines continue to raise and forward to market their usual supplies of ore, and, we are glad to say, that notwithstanding a cessation of work in one or two places, the development of new resources in others has fully absorbed any surplus that might have accrued in the labor market. The Paramatta Mine is consi dered by competent judges to be looking very well at the present time, and at the Hamley a very considerable improvement has taken place. At tbe Yelta it is ex pected that the new steam machinery will be ready for work in about one month's time, after which large supplies of ore will be forwarded to market from the mine. Horse power is being applied to the North Yelta Mine, and, with this, the second stage in the development of a prosperous mine, an improvement in re turns may be expected. At Port Wal laroo we are glad to report a little im provement. The Smelting Wo ks are in full operation and a considerable increase of population is reported in the township in consequence. Indeed, on the Penin sula, the population of some half dozen mining townships to tbe south has been absorbed without in any way deranging the labor market. Bat, more extraordi nary still, the Peninsula is now exporting grain and breadstufFs to other markets. The two steam mills recently erected are considered by the farmers to offer more advantages to them as sellers of produce then are to be found elsewhere, and the millers find that they can freight wheat &c.;, from this Port to the neighbouring colonies for but a fractional part of the cost incurred at Port Adelaide. Conse quently one large vessel has been char tered far-immediate despatch, and one or two others, are, we understand, under offer. Had the Legislature not obstin ately and foolishly resolved that there should be no communication between the Peninsula and the agricultural district in the interior, save by bullock drays over 70 miles of bad roads, some thousands of tons of breadstufFs, that the the farmers will some day be anxious to find a market for, would, ere now, have left the Penin sula for markets in the neighbouring colonies. Mr C. Cotterell, whose fashionable drawing room entertainments have been so highly spoken of whereever they have been given, is intending to reach Wallaroo on Monday or Tuesday even ing, when he will at onee make arrangements to perform in this district. From the notices we have seen in the Victorian and Adelaide papers, we are certain there is a treat in store for persons wiio will patronise Mr Cotterell. We understand that the members of the Moonta Histrionic Club will repeat the tbeatrical perform ance recently given at Moonta for the benefit of the funds of the new Institute on the Wallaroo mines, in that building, at an early date. The London newspapers and periodicals ordered for this Institute are expected out by the next mail, and it is contemplated, that it shall be kept open for the use of members from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. On Wednesday evening, a meeting of the seat holders was held in St. Mary's Church, Port Wal laroo, to decide upon steps for the alterations to be effected at the Church. It was resolved that tenders should at once be called, and the work commenced. The fact is worthy of notice that the whole of the money likely to be required for the alterations, about £225, has been subscribed, so that the congregation will be free from the in cubus of debt that often weights the managing of ficers of some churches. At the last it was found that £90 were wanting, and this amount, seven members of the congregation volunteered to put down, to be repaid to them as circumstances will admit. The day for the annual distribution of prizes —one anticipated with considerable pleasure by persons interested in the education of young peo ple—at the school of Mi J". Lloyd, Port Wallaroo, was fixed for the past week ; and on Thursday, notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the wea ther, the schoolroom was well filled. Amongst those persons present wee Mesdames Hay, Pen gelley, Mahon, Bautn, Lethaby, Raston, and sev eral young lady visitors and friends. The Rev. J. Young Simpson presided, and first, several re citations, well prepared and rendered, were given by the senior boys. After this a few words of auvice and encouaagement were given by tlie Chairman ; and then the prizes—a number of valuable books—were handed to those pupils who had most distinguished themselves in the various branches of abound commercial education, :md also for good conduct and regular attendance. The following are the names of the senior boys and girls who received prizes, Mary Ann JED. Thorn, Mary Ann Rose, Mary Pengelley and Surah Arena Carr ; John Gr. Thomas, William 8. Thomas, 3. B.. Bowering, Thomas Hurley, David Owen, and George" Bamsley. After this several' cheers, suc i as children only can give, were given for the ladies present, the masters, the ministers, and kind! subscribers. MisB Mary Ann Thorn presided kt the Harmonium during the examina tion, conc ucting the singing. Several of the pie ces were very creditably performed. The fugitive Ministers in the South-East have been interviewed by a rather numerous deputation, which endeavoured to impress upon them the ad visibility of a trunk line of communication between Narracoorte and Bivola Bay via Penola, and that the eysten of drainage near Rivoli Bay should b#> extended to Penola. The two Cabinet Ministers listened t.pprovingly to the suggestion of this media via, but as their principal was absent, they declined to pledge either him or themselves to any defini te course of action. After this the de putation and the ministers pledged each other over a luncheon in the Institute, Penola, to which they, with" nearly all the principal inhabitants at Penola," saith the Standard, sat down. His Excellency the Governor, who started with the ministerial pilgrims, appears to have had enough of them, before the reception, and returned to Bobe. " The progress of the telegrapa line to the Gulf of Oarpentara is," says the Sydney Morning Herald, " being watched in this colony with con siderable interest, as there is little doubt New South V Tales will receive European telegraphic* news by that line ere long. A telegram in the Brisbane Courier, dated Card well, January 6, states that the telegraph line has been completed^ as far as Cashmere, the first station on the line of Ghulf of Cardwel ing to t Etheridjf is an exi " Sottn the Paa people late floo water us water 1 purpose suppliec water, 6trata i geologii The man, tl short t favoure aud discove had b»!i have tif wishes with a Carpentaria, and distant 50 miles from . Mr M'Millan makes the line, accord e route just defined, to be 130 mileB to ;e, and 174 to Western Creek. The route Client one." e of the wells in Deniliquin town," says toral Times, "are chocked up by firogs— t ake them out by the bucketful since the i. In a portion of the wells wherein the i ted to be beautifully clear and soft, the as become hard and 'unfit for domestic s. In other cases, where the wells were with any amount of hard or brackish t has become pure and soft. The sub Siiverina will be found puzzling to ts." Southern Cross says that "a Maori wo e wife of the chief Thompson, eloped a ime ago with a Hau-hau. Kijtty- and her ! d lover had travelled as far as Kakamatua, been there some weeks when they were red by some of Thompson's friends who n in chase. The Hau-hau, who seems to ed of the lady, quietly acquiesced in the of the pursuers who proceeded to tie her stout rope, and b roue Lit her back to Waitat ere taking three days to do the journey. Kitty, who stoutly resisted, was sadly damaged, and presented rather a melancholy picture on arrival, her treatment by the captors not beirg each as would meet with the apprpval of the Society for the Prevention of CrueltytoAnimals. Thompson was delighted at her return, butlfitty with it any expressions of hatred, refused t5'have anything more to do with him saying he was. only the ghost of a man. H^retorted by calling her a devil of a woman, and atoaeejad^q martia authority giving her a round thrash ing, answering the expostulations of a pakeha by saying he did it out of pure love and affection. Since i lien she has been a close prisoner, the tnono tony o" her existence being only relieved by the applic ition, at short intervals, of a J&w;^jNized tea-tre i stick. At night, to prevent her-^spape, she is securely fastened with rope, and^pieltentg an ap pearance more resembling a well-trassed chickei than a pretty Maori girL Her objection to Thompson on the ground that he was only the ghost <>f a man, was not out of place, as the old fellow is worn to a shadow ; and it is about even bettiuj; which event comes off first, the death of the old man from grief, or that of the woman from the eei erity of the measures taken by him to re gain her affections." Thii second theatrical entertainment given by the M )onta Histrionic Club took place on Wed nesday evening, when the two broad farces of the "Irish Doctor" and the "Adventures ofTweed leton'e coat " were reproduced to a very good house. The overture was played by the Moonta Brass band, which was thus enabled to^render very effective service in the good cauae—the re plenishment of the coffers of the young and strug gling institute. The various actors had evident ly tak^n the greatest pains to perfect themselves in their characters, and, consequently, there was none of the severe prompting noticeable in many amateur performances. Their wardrobes were also carefully adapted to the partis they had to plav; tmd the stage arrangements were admirable. The scenery, which has been painted by Messrs Marquet and Brown, of Moonta, would bear a very favorable comparison with much that is seen in theatres that enjoy both name and reputation: and thus an admirable proscenium has been form ed. The audience thoroughly appreciated and enthusiastically enjoyed the jokes and facetious rendering of the characters represented, affording abundant evidence that a very enjoyable evening was being spent. It is also satisfactory to add, that so judiciously had the plays been selected and cast, that not a word was to be heard throughout either that the most fastidious or severe critic would object to. The performers, will, we are sure, reap the only reward they hoped for, in the satisfactory consciousness that their efforts were thoroughly appreciated by their friends and neighbours whom they desired to please and amuse. This, combined with the knowledge that their laborB will afford material and welcome aid to so excellent an establishment as the new Insti tute, will, we may hope, cheer them on to renew ed labor, and, may we add, increased success. In the interval that took place between the presenta-f^ tion of the two pieces, several charming and amusing songs were given by amateur musicians of local fame and repute. The entertainmeut would, we calculate, more than accomplish the immediate object for which it was designed, viz., payment for the scenery, stage property, &c.;, in order that it might be handed over as a free gift to the Institute. We understand that so flour ishing are the prospects of the Institute, and so successful it is considered to have been during the short- time it has yet been open, that the Commit tee have it in contemplation to build a commodi ous reading room, for newspapers, periodicals, &c.;, m the rear of the present building. The Blanche, war steamer, is expected at Robe on Sunday, when probably the officers will pay their respects to His Excellency the Governor. The Segisfcer states that a " tolerably favor able " report has been received this week from the German Beef, some 27 oz6. of Amalgam having been received. Thebe are head3 in Adelaide, to which, before any intelligence can be inserted in them, a saw mill is required. In our last issue we noticed the fict that very large quantities of wheat are com ing to Kadina and Wallaroo, principally from Blvth'e Dlains. in the vicinity of Clare, and that neighbourhood. We gave the price that was being paid per bushel, for the cartage of this wheat; and then we inferred, as we think fairly, that had it not to be carried over nearly 70 miles ! of bush tracb. bogs, aud sandhills, in bullock j drays, more would come, as au uolimitable quan tity could be shipped to the neighbouring colo nies at but a fractional part of the cost entailed on shipping from Adelaide. Straightway our sagacious contemporary, the Advertiser, informed the people of South Australia, that the Peninsula from being a sheepwalk was transformed into an agricultural district, and that Grreeu's Plains and the neighbourhood, besides supplying the large population resident here, could also grow some wheat for export. Why the Peninsula should be misrepresented in this ignorant fashion we can not divine. Green's Plains cannot, in the very nature -of things, supply the Peninsula with even a-fractional part of what is required for consump tion, save in an exceptional season like the present. We should be glad if it would, but as it cannot, we do not see the utility of saying that it does. We would, however, point out, for the benefit of the Advertiser, and similiarly purblind statists and politicians, that although the Peninsula can not produce grain for export, it has resources, trumpery though these may seem in the eyes of Adelaide people. It has two mines each paying £100,<000 per annum in wages. There is a younger mine, which in all probability, will, at an early date pay away a similar sum, if not a larger. Where the Yelta mine is erecting powerful steam mach inery, paid for out of profits daring these bad times, two years ago there was nothing but mallee scrub to be seen. Three years ago the Paramatta mine was but a small afiair. Mining men confi dently predict the Hamley will be a great mine in a short space of time. The Smelting Works, fed by these mines, employ directly and indirect ly some hundreds of men: A fleet of ships is re quired to fetch coals that are wanted, to transport the produce of the raineB, and bring back ex changes. Such operations are, of course, of minor importance, in the eyes of the Advertiser, and of .our equally sagacious legislature, when compared with, say the gold-fields, which our contemporary has recently had two leaders impressing the fact, laBt year raised nearly £40,000 worth of gold. All people do not, however, share this opinion. A gentleman, recently from England, wh.o has tra velled extensively, remarked to us that he was lost in'astonishment at the little importance at tached by the powers that be in South Australia, to the great mineral resources on the Peninsula. Such blindness, such infatuation, as is evidenced by the neglect shown to the district, he said, he had never before witnessed. We regret: to find that as yet very little has effecting an improvement in ' the present sanitaiy state of the Moonta mining : township. Some time ago we indicated that a movement had been initiated iy Dr. Herbert, «liieh <»ntemplated the payment of a small week ly sum by each miner for the employment of one jor two carts to scavenger as required. Various other improvements, which we then detailed, and , which seemed to have a prospect of being success folly carried out were then suggested, but no . thing has been done. The fact is, we are enjoy , ing an exceptionally healthy, favorable summer and there is less sickness than usual; consequent ly, men will not be warned. But as soon as we have moiBt weather, with a South Australian summer's sun, fever will again stalk through the cemetery fiat, claiming its victi us. Indeed, there have been one or two cases this last week that medical men do not like the appearances of. They were 'of a species of endemic disorder closely allied to colonial fever. Now, the wisdom of the old adage " prevention is better than cure " can not be questioned. Moreover, in some cases, there is literally no cure. We expect excellent results to follow the issue of the regulations per mitting miners to take up allotments on Grown Ijands and mineral leases, but this is a work of time, and meanwhile, sanitary measures are im periously required. 