PAIKIBS, DEMOHS, OOBEIljPS!, ; AWD BY V. w; JOTCR, A.M., -M.R.I.A. It is yei7'Prob>ijle.tiiat the ielfef.iin, the existence of ifeiriesj so /characteristic 1 , of the, Gfeltic race of -these countries, tame! in<with the earliest •colonies. On this - )^ue£ti(>n,»howtvet, I do not'itttettd to tater fit iS 1 sufficient to 1 observe here, that the belief in-fiH, : its ality is recorded in the oldest of ttirif natite writings, and that With a aistinciiiesi'aindi'ttr'j-; cumstatitiality that! prove it to haye tieejjjV at the time of which they tiea^long .established nd universally received. , " „ , . r. It was bplieyejd .thatr' these .supernatural beings dwelt, in ..habitations in the; interior, of pleasant hills, which were calledbythe in'ame of- sidh or sith (ehee). * Colgan's explanation of this term is so exact, and"he'gives : su'ch' an admirable epittthie of the 1 superstition respecting tbesidk and its inhabitants, 1 that I will translate his words: " Fantastical spirits are by the Irish called men of the sidh, because they are seen,; as it were, to come out of beautiful hills to infestnien; and hence the vulgar belief that they reside in certain subr terraneous habitations within these hills ; and these habitations, and sometimes the hills themselves* are called by the Irish sidhe: or siadha.'" In Colgan's time, the • fairy superstition had descended to the comriaon people—the vulgrts —for the spread of the Faith, tod the itiflu-^ ence of education,' had' disenthralled the ininds of the better classes. Butin the fifth century, the existence of the dtiiiie sidhe (dinna-shee; peqple of the fairy .mansions) was an article of belief with the high as well as with the low, as may be inferred from the following curions passage in the Book of Armagh, where >we find the two daughters of Laeghaire (Leary) king of Ireland, participating in this superstition -.—"Then St. Patrick came to the well which is called Clebac7t, on the sides of Cruachan towards the east; and before sunrise, they (Patrick and his companions) sat down near the well. And lo! the two daughters of King Laeghaire, Ethne the fair, and Fedelm the ruddy, came early to the well to wash, , after the manner of women, and they .found near the well a synod of holy bishops with Patrick; And they knew not •whence they came, or in what form, or from what people, or from what country;' but they supposed them to be Duihne sidhe, or gods of the "earth, — or a _ phantasm." *„„„ » (Todd's /Tv.;M>t, Life T.;& of St. Patrick, p. 452). Dr. Todd adds in a note :—" Duihne sidhe, the men. of the sidhe, or phantoms, the name given by the Irish to the fairies—men of the hills; the word sidhe or siodha signifies the habitations supposed to belong to these aerial beings, in the hollow of the hills and mountains. It is doubtful whether the word is cognate with the Latin xedes or from a Celtic root side, a blast of wind." The belief of King Laegbaire's daughters regarding these aerial beings, as related in a MS. copied in the year 807, is precisely the same as it was in the time of Colgan, a,nd the superstition has descended to our own time in all its integrity. Its limits are indeed further circumscribed; but at the present, day the peasantry in remote districts: believe that the fairies inhabit the sidhe or hills, and that occasionally mortals are favoured with a view of their magnificent palaces. To readers of modern fairy lore,the banshee is a well-known spirit-.—Irish bean-sidhe, woman of the fairy mansions. Many of the old Milesian families are attended by a banshee, who foretells and laments the approaching death of a member of the favoured race by keening round the house in the lonely night. Numberless banshee stories are re- . lated with great circumstantiality by the peasantry all over Ireland, several of wbicb are preserved in Crofton Croker's fairy legends. In our old authorities it is very often stated that the fairies are the Tuatha De Dananns; and the chiefs of this race—such as the Dagda, Bove Dearg, &c.;—are frequently referred to as the architects and inhabitants of the sidhe. For example, in the copy of the "History of the Cemeteries," contained in the MS. H. 3. 17, T. C. D., the. following statement occurs relating to the death of Cormac mac Art:—Or it was the siabhras, (sheevras) that killed him, i.e., the Tuatha De Dananns, for they were called siabhras." In some cases, however, the sidhe were named after the chiefs of the Milesian colony, as In case of Sidh- Aedha, at Ballyshannon (see page 176); and at present the Tuatha De Danann origin of these aerial beings seems to be. quite forgotten; for almost all raths, cashels, and mounds-^ the dwellings, forts, and sepulchres of the Firbolgs and Milesians, as well as those of the Tuatha De Dannans—are considered as fairy bannte. ' „ _ Of this ancient Tuatha De Danann people <our knowledge is very scant indeed; but judging from many very old tales and references in our MS., and from the works supposed to be executed by this race, of /which numerous remains still exist — sepulchral mounds, gracefully formed slender spearheads, &c.;—we ®ay conclude that they wepe a people of superior intelligence and artistic skill, and that tbey were conquered and driven into remotedistricts 'by the less intelligent bid owe-warlike Miletfan tribes who succeeded them. Their knowledge and skill procured for them the reputation of magicians; and the cA«cure'mtlTn<ei"in toy' were forced to live'iftfer; tfaeir Wrtfjiigatittn, in *eKr&l; : and r lonely-places, gtadually imTtteisedthe 'vulgar > with ! the belief that • they' 'Wete rapefiuitural« ings. ••••• - • • ;•-' ' • •• ' */'•' • ft is "hoit probable that the subjugation of the'Tluatha TJetMnmans; with the -subsequent' b&ieff;^arding tbem, was the origin of Irish fairy ltiytbology. The superstititiO, tito doubt, eiiiited long Y>tetiously; and : thtt mysterious race, having undergone a'grfednal deification;' bei&tfte; c6hfonndea -and identified with" the' original lofesll gods, ahd'ultimately superseded them 1 altogether.' 1 ; '• • ' 1 • 'The intast ancient ! atid -detailed'actonnt of heir'final dispersioti is found ift r the Book of Fertnoy, a.MS. of the year 1463 ';' where it is eMted in the tale of Curchog, daughter of Ma'rtanrian-MacLir, that the TuatbA." De Dari&nris;, after the two 'disastrous battles of Tailtednn and Dftlim Ligheanj held a rireietiiig hV"Bri/gh, on the Boiyne, tinder the presidency of Manannan; arid by his advice tbey distributed and quartered themselves on the pleasarit hills and plains of Eiin. Bodhbh (Bove) Dearg, -son of the Daghda, was chosen king; acid Manannan, their chief counsellor, arranged the different places of abode for 1 the nobles among the hills. Several of the sidhs mentioned in this narrative are known, and some of them are still celebrated as fairy haunts. Sidh Buidhbh (Boov), with Dove Dearg for its chief, was on the shore of Lough Derg, somewhere near Portumna. Several hills in Ireland, noted fairy haunts, took their names from this chief, and others from his daughter, -Bugh (Boo). One of the former is Kriockavoe, near Strabane, which the Four .Masters write Cmc-Buidhbh, the hill of Bodhbh; and from the daughter is named Ganbo, in the parish of Killumod, Roscommon, which Duald • M'Firbis writes Ceann-Buqha, i.e., Bugh's head or hill. . Sidh Truim, under the guardianship of Midir, was situated a little to the east of Siane, on the Boyne, but its name and legend are now forgotten. Sidh Neannta, under Sidbmall, is now called Mullaghshee, and is situated near Lanesborough, in the County. Roscommon. Sidh Meadha (Ma), over which presided Finnbharr (Finvar), is the well-known mountain now Galled Knockma, five miles southwest of Tuam; the tradition respecting it is still preserved in all its vividness; and the exploits of Finvara, its guardian fairy, are Sidh Aodha Ruaidh, another of these celebrated fairy resorts, is the -hill now called Mullaghshee, on which the modern church is built, at Ballyshannon, in Donegal. The Book of Leinster and other ancient authorities relate that Aedh- Ruadh (Ay-roo), the father of Macha, founder of Emania (see p. 84), was drowned at the cataract of Ballyshannon, which was thence called after him Fas-Buaidh, JEas-Aedha'Ruaidh (Assroo, Assavroo), Aedh Ruadh's waterfall, now shortened to Assaroe. He was buried over the cataract, in the mound which was called from him Sidh Aedha—& name still partly preserved in Mullaghshee, the hill of the sidh or fairy palace. This hill has entirely been found to contain subterranean chambers, which confirms our ancient legendary accounts, and shows that it is agreat sepulchral mound like those on the Boyne. How few of the people of Ballyshannon know that the familiar name Mullaghshee is a living memorial of those dim ages when Aedh Ruadh held sway, and that the great king himself has slept here in his dome-roofed dwelling for more than two thousand years! These are a few. illustrations of the extent to Which the fairy mythology was accepted in Ireland in remote ages. But even if history were wholly silent regarding the former prevalence of this belief, it would be sufficiently attested by the great numbers of places, scat, tered all over the country, whose names con- tain the word sidh, or, as it is usually modernized, shee. It must be borne in mind that every one of these places was once firmly believed to be a fairy mansion, inhabited by those mysterious beings, and that in case of many of them, the same superstition lurks at this day in the minds of the peasantry. Sidh, as we have seen, was originally ap plied to a fairy palace, and it was afterwards gradually transferred to the hill, and ultimately to the fairies themselves; but this last transition must have begun at a veiy early period, for we find it expressly stated in a passage in the Leabhar na h Uidhre, that the ignorant called the fairies sithi. At the present day, the word generally signifies a fairy, but the diminutive sidheog (sheeoge) is more commonly employed. When sidh forms part of a name, it is often not easy to determine whether it means the fairies themselves or their habitations. Shee and its modifications constitute or begin the names of about seventy townlands, Tshich are equally distributed over the four provinces, very few being found, however, in the Counties of Louth, Dublin, and Wicklow. Besides these, there are many more places whose names contain, this word in the middle or end; and there areinnumerable fairy hills and forts through; the country designated by tbe word thee which have not communicated their names to townlands. ^ Sidh- dhruim, fairy ridge—the old name of the Bock of Cashel, and of several other ancient &iiy; haunts—is still the name of ax townlandfe in Armagh tinde^thfe-moderri form Sheetrim ;j-the change from rf to t(in druim) must have begun' a lobg'tJttfe'ago, for Sidhdnlim 'is- written SHh-lniim in Toma Eigea's poemC' Hy Fiachrach," p. 29) : Shfeerevagb, in Roscommon aUd Sligo, grey shee; Shee- 'gorey fce'ar Boyle, the fairy hill of Guaire or Gorev, si man's name. -There-is a townlandin the parish of Corbally, Tipperary, called The Sheehys, or, in Irish, No. sithe, i.e., the fairy mounts: and a range of low heights Bouth of Trim, m Meath, is well-known by the name of the Shee Hills, i.e.,' the fairy hills. • There is a famous feiry palace on the eastern shoulder of Slievenamon mountain in Tipperary. According to a metrical romance contained in the Book of Lismore and other authorities, the Tuatha De Danann women of this tiidh enchanted Finn mac Cumbail and "his 'Fianna; and from these women the mountain took its name. It is how called in Irish, Sliabh-na-mban-fionn, which would signify the mountain of the fair-haired women ; but O'Donovan shows that the true name is Sliabhna-mban-Feimhinn '(Slievenamon Fevin), the mountain of the women of Feim-heam, which was an ancient territoiy coextensive with the barony of Iffa and Offa East; and this was shortened to the present name, Sliabk-na- mban, or Slievenamon. The word occurs still more frequently in the end of names; and in this case it may be generally taken to be of greater antiquity than the part of the name that precedes it. There is a parish in Longford called Killashee, which was probably so called because the church was built near, or on the site of one of these mounts. Killashee in Kildare has, however, a different origin. Clonshee, near Elpbin, in the County Roscommon, is called by the Four Masters Cluain- sithe, fairy meadow: and there are several other places of the same name. Rashce in Antrim, where St. Patrick is recorded to have founded a church, is in Irish, Rath-sitke (Four Masters), the fort of of the fairies; and the good people must have often, appeared, at some former period, to the inhabitants of those places now called Ballynashee and Ballynasheeoge, the town of the fairies. The word sidh undergoes several local odifications: for example, Knocknasheega near Cappoquin in Waterford is called in Irish, Cnoc-na-sige, the hill of the fairies: and the name of Cheek Point, on the Suir below Waterford, is merely an adaptation from Sheega point; for the Irish name is Pointena-sige, the point of the fairies. The townland of Sheegys (i. e., fairy hills), in the parish of Kilbarron. Donegal, was once, no doubt, a favourite resort of fairies; and on its southern boundary, near high-water mark, there is a mound called Mulnasheefrog, the hill of the faiiy dwellings. In the parish of Aghanagh, Sligo, there are two townlands, called Cuilsheeghary, which the people call in Irish, Coillsioth-chaire, the fairies' wood, for a large wood formerly stood there. While sidheog means a faiiy, the other diminutive sidhean (sheeawn) is always applied to a fairy mount. The word is used in this sense all over Ireland, but it is particularly common in Connaught, where these sheeauns are met with in great numbers: they are generally beautiful green, round hillocks, with an old fort on the summit. Their numbers would lead one to believe that in old times some parts of Connaught must have been more thickly peopled with fairies than with men; Great numbers of places have taken their ames from these haunted hills: and the word ssumes various forms, such as Sheaun, Sheeaun, Sheean, and Sbean, wbich give names to about thirty townlands scattered through the four provinces. It is not unfrequently changed to Sion, as in the parish of Laraghbryan in Kildare, where the place now so called evidently toofe its name from a sheeaun, for it is written Shiane in an Inquisition of James I.; and there are several other instances of this odd corruption. Near Ballybay, inMonagban. is a place called Shane, another form of the word; and the plural Shanes, fairy hills, occurs .in the parish of Loughguile, Antrim. Sheena in Leitrim, Sheeny in Meath and Fermanagh, and Sheeana in Wicklow, are different forms of the Irish plural sidhne, fairy hills. C To be continued. J 