THE SANDHURST CORPORATE HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC SPORTS. The annual, athletic sports in connection with the Sandhurst Corporate High School, took place yes- terday in the Pall Mall enclosure between Wil- liamson and Bull streets, and proved a great success. Finer weather could not have been desired, and there was a large number of spectators, though the attendance of ladies might have been greater on such an occasion. A course for running was roped off somewhat awkward in shape to the com- petitors, for there were four sharp curves to turn. On one side, next the rotunda a space was fenced in, and provided with seats, but no covering from the sun, and a small charge, to defray ex penses, was made for admission to this select retreat. At both ends of the ground strings of bunting fluttered in the breeze. Messrs. Slack and Smith acted as judges, and Messrs. Macoboy and Elliott as starters. At noon His Worship the Mayor took his seat in the rotunda, and the signal for the commencement of the sports was given. The first event was throwing the cricket ball, and the prize was won by W. Neill, with a throw of 87 yards 9 inches. The same young athlete also carried off the prize for the running high jump with a leap of only 4 feet 2 indies. His winning the prize so easily did not appear satis- factory, and he was requested by those in authority to show how high he could jump. The request was scarcely a fair one, seeing that he was entered for other events in which his energies would be severely taxed, but willing to oblige, or fearing to offend, he did as required, and jumped 4 feet 6 inches, and sprained his foot. Notwith standing the injury he carried off the prize in the running long leap, by clearing 15 feet 10 inches—a very good jump for a youth. The hop, step, and jump prize was won by A. Rutherford, who cleared 34 feet 2 inches. Youths under 11 years also com peted, and the honors were taken by W. Clark getting over 30 feet 9 inches. The running high leap prize for youths under 11 years fell to George M'Coll, who cleverly cleared 3 feet 11 inches. Putting the stone excited considerable interest, and the prize was taken by M. Macoboy with a good pitch of 28 feet 8 inches. Great interest and amusement was excited by the progressive race, in which J. Stirling proved the winner; and the Siamese races also afforded some fun, the 230 yards race being won by Brierly and Jackson, and the 300 yards race by J. Wood and T. Watts. The sack race was won by H. Wells. One of the best contested events of the day was tho 200 yards hurdle race, which had to be run twice in conse quence of a protest entered the first time by W. Neill against Griffiths, on the ground that he put his hand on him while jumping, and conse quently baulked him. In the second trial A. Rutherford won, with Griffiths second; Neill was third, and in his spurt at the finish fell heavily, and fainted, but he soon recovered. The walking match of one mile proved, as such events usually do, exceeding interesting. The result lay between two competitors, M. Macoboy, who starred from scratch, and A.. Craven, who had 40 yards start. They started from the Mall side of the course, and were told they had to go round the course five times. In the second round they were abreast, and kept together, walking easily until the last round, when they put on a spurt, Macoboy leading by three yards. "When they reached their starting point, one of the officials who was waiting there, called out "fifth round." Supposing that the match was ended, both competitors stopped, and Macoboy came walking leisurely across to the ro tunda. An idea seemed to strike Craven that they had stopped at the wrong place, and he made a fresh start, and walked on to the proper winning post; thus, by a misunderstanding, winning the prize. This slip between the cup and the lip must have been very annoying to Macoboy, but before starting he should have made himself acquainted with the finishing point. The majority of the events was flat races, and the principal of these, the contest for the Old Collegians' Cup. For this there were three heats of 100 yard, 250 yards, and ?400 yards, each of which was won easily by W. Gunn who was in fine running condition. In the 600 yards flat race J. Cocks and H. White ran a dead heat for first place, but it was not run off, as the former declined, and accepted the second prize, White getting the first. The other flat races were hotly contested. The Consolation Race was won by Lith gow, with Marks a good second. At the conclusion of the sports the Mayor distributed the prizes. Mr. Moir, head- master, announced that today the schoolboys would play a crickct match on the ground, and would also be put through their drill by Sergeant O'Meara, and this concluded the pro ceedings. The following is a list of the events, the names of the winners, the prizes, and the donors: 1\. Throwing Cricket Bill (open).—"\V. Neiil. yards 1) inches ; prize, silver pencil case with kniiV; donor, High School. 2\. Kunning High Leap (open).—"VV. Xeill, 1 n1« 2 inches; prize, stoned scarf- ring; donor, High School. 3\. Flat Itaco, 150 yards (under 14 years). -Fir:; G. M'Coll, ■ second.W. Chirk; first prize, mother of pearl knife, second ditto, bone handle knife ; donor, Mr.-Jackson. ~ • 4\. LongXoap Kunning (open)*—AV. Neill, la foe; m inches; prize," gold Albert chain; donor, Mr. Joseph. 5\. Old Collegians' Cup (1st heat).—C4unn ; i>mf, silver cup : donor, High School. 6\. Siamese Kace, 2">0 yards (under M years).— Brierley and Jackson; prize, two silver pmcil cases ; donor, High School. 7\. Progressive Kace to 20 yards (open).—I. Stir ling; prize, tliree- bladedknife; donor, Hhhfjclioo!. 8\. Hurdle Kace, 200 yards (open).—Riit-herfor.I; prize, a gold-mounted whip ; donor, Mr. 9\. Flat Kace, 000 yards (under 15 years).—Fifit H. White, second J. Cocks; lirst prize, cup (small), second ditto, stoned aluminium pencil; donor, High School. 10\. Putting the Weight (open).—M. Mo O'lSoy, 23 feet 8 inches ; prize, picture (framed in gilij; donor, Mr. Btiick. 11\. S'ick Kace, 100 yards (open).—11. Wb; prize, Boy's Book ; donor, Mr. O'llahony. 12\. Fiat Kace, 100 yards (under 10 yvars).—II. Koch; prize, aluminium pencil case; donor, Huh School. 13\. Old Collegians1 Cu?W2nd heat).—-Gunn. 11\. Hop, Step, and Leap (opan).—-Kuthcrfonl, feet 2 inches; prize, suit of clothes; donor, Mr. Lewis. lo. Flat Race, 150 yards (under 12 years).—S. Britrly ; prize, scarf-ring (plain). 16\. flat Kace, 100 yards (open).—i prizy, willing ilesK ; tlonor, HOS3, litiidersou, ami 17\. Long Leap Running (under lii years).—S. M. Cay, 11 feet 10 inches ; prize, telescope in ivory. IS. Flat Kace, SS0 yards (open),—First Kuthcr fortl, second H. "Wells ; first prize, enp, fiecona ditto, Goldsmith works ; donor. Sir. O'Mdiony. 19\. Old'Collegians' Cup (3rd heat).--Gumi. 20\. Siamese Kace, 300 yards (open).—ood ana "Watts ; prize. two sets gold sluis. 21\. High Leap Kunning (under 11 ycarsJ.-G. M'OoII, H feet 11 inches; prize, six-bladed knife; donor, Mr. Jackson, 22\. Walking Match, one mile (open).—A Craven; prizwriting desk, with pigeon holes; donor, Uos.s, Henderson, and Fick. 2:). Ht>p, Step, and Leap (under 14).—Fits ClaWc, 30 feet 0 inches, second M'Coll; first pr«e> telescope, second ditto, hook ; donor, 31r. O'Mnliony. 21\. Convolution Stakes.—'Lithgow : priz?. box of mathematical instruments: donor, Mr. Jackson. SruiiTt'ALrsM.—Professor G. O. Zy.^u in his ne^ work <ui "Spiritualism and Animal Magnetism attempts to prove that all phenomena, whether in the spiritual or material world, must be the mere effect of some causes. That we have an organ iu us which can net on. the perceptive faculties oi the brain from within. That this i* the organ of dreams. That dreams may be classed as follows: Dreams without meaning, half dreams, theoreinatic dreams, allegorical dreams, somnambulic dreams, clairvoyant dreams, visionary dreams. That theorgatt of dreams has its seat in ganglionic -^'em of nerves. 1 hat tins organ may beaet (1 upon irom without. That there can ho no such phenomena as spiritual mani festations, from an objective point of view, but that they are all subjective. That spectral visions are the products of the disturbed balance between positive and negative magnetism. T':'.t persons, in whom the negative magnetism is pre-'Oininant, scfi hear, smell, feel, taste, and even think, whatever an individual charge; i with positive magnetism wills. That there is not a single accn dited ghost spectral vision, or spiritual inanife.-.taticn, 'J: . could not bo explained from a natur.i! point ot vi?w. That the trade 111 spiritualism sb'uiM M stopped by law, as it is a crime ag.iin-i. society, demanding as much repression as the trade in f°r,' tune telling, for one credulity deserves as niucn Eupport as another. -Overland Mail. 