THE ADELAIDE "CRACKS" IN VICTORIA. [By Unoh.o.1 The "roll of ages" brings us close up to the end of 1871, and, to my mind, a paper that does not teem ■with lots of " Turf gossip," by way of " Christmas board," is like an egg without salt. On tins account I take upon myself to offer you a few remarks on the subject fully-described in the heading. I feel sure that South Australians are gratified.over the doings of their " cracks" this season. That reproach which has stuck to the name of an Adelaide horse so long has at last been virtually wiped out, and the "Adelaide duffer" is a scornful appellation that henceforth will be inappropriate. The horses from the South have shown "great form," both in flat and cross country, races, since little Lapdog gave the. natives a treat in last year's Cup, and now that the Adelaide star .is xn the ascendant we may hope it will not fade, tDl in its turn South Aus tralia has appropriated a few of the good things' to be bad in the sister colonies. I don't think I need go further back than the Victorian Derby Day with my sketch. Kingfisher, bred by Mr. Gilbert, opened, and I may say, closed the meeting for the Adelaide division by sporting silk in the Hotham and. Free Handicaps, where he got . a pair - of spectacles to his name. The. Dish King, bred by Dr. Bathe, of Graham's Castle, was the next to throw in, and it is true.he showed immense form for nothing as it were, Stanley riding in his very worststyle. A real Johnny. Wapstraw could have done as well with ' the horse as he did. - There are no two opinions about it, I say with-the crowd, that Irish King ought to have been installed as the winner of the Victorian Derby for 1871. There is one thing about this Derby that beats me completely, and that is how a musquito of a mare like Miss Jessie could carry the weight in the time given. Some mistake somewhere I fancy. The Maribyrnong Plate brought out three youngsters by.the late Ace of Clubs. They had it all their own way, and the Argus Scandal, who' won with the King of the Ring, second, showed very good form. The time, however, given {1 min. 6 sec.) I have reasons to doubt. Before going further, it may be as well to state that on the Derby Day I lost nothing beyond a wish, and, in fact, all the meeting through I came off scot free, therefore -you may understand that I- can look on my book with complacency. My remarks are not influenced -by ill humour, and I am quite JEree to deal justly with all. Between the Derby Day and 'the Cup all was confusion and mystery, and queer yarns got abroad. There was something about a Thompson confederacy, a ghost swindle, and a King swindled; but the Cup Day came at last, and all who had an interest in the fortune of the game to be played -looked serious indeed. The muster was something tc be remembered, for the different modes that people adopted of getting there and back were worthy of study. The railway was the thing though, for trains went and came as regular as clockwork. Might not the Adelaide Course be carried down somewhere by the Bay, so that you could train it, for that is the proper preparation for the races." Somehow 40,000 got to Flemington without difficulty, and found places too. Once on the course one is lost— perfectly bewildered, that is if-he has no other business than sight-seeing.- I got lost looking at one thing and another. There was only, one strip of clear ground, and the defenders of the peace, rigged out in their best suit of blue, had their work cut out to keep it so. I could see first one .silk jacket, then another, come out into this space and -canter past the Stand for the ladies to 'admire and the gents to criti cise. At last an old stager, looking as grave as you please, riding an old scrubber, and holding a piece of rag on the end of a long stick, took the fiery steeds under his charge and put them in fine across the course. At last the cry "They're off" is heard, as the signal that the first event of the great day is proceeding. It is the Maiden Plate, and Adelaide looks up a bit, for her representative carries off the stake in a common canter, beating the Derby winner, Miss Jessie, just as he liked. The winner was eagerly scanned by the crowd, and not till that moment did the public in general understand what a severe loss the Ace of Clubs was to the country. All through the vast multitude could. be heard expressions of regret at the loss of the grandest looking sire the country ever possessed. The general lament was— "Another Ace of Clubs; what a pity the old horse is dead." But to talk thus is like scarifying an old wound; so I will drop the subject, and proceed with the Cup race, which you all know was a real astonisher. Fancy 100 to 1 gqjng a " begging." Adelaide had first favourite in Lapdog, but when the secret came out Romula took his place at the head of the list. Adelaide had another string to her bow in the Irish King, which was piloted very well in the race by a bit of a '1 green" stable-boy; but that he got jammed in, he vows he could have altered the result, and the way in which he cut down his horses at the finish almost justifies the statement. One thing is quite certain, he did not come with a wet sail, as the Daily Telegraph put it, other wise how could the dispute for third place arise between him and Saladiti, for it is well known the latter had a clear lead coming past the Stand. The Irish King must have been coming, as Tom Brown remarked wheu he passed him on Little Dick, like a clap of thunder, to have beaten Saladin by a neck. The greatest feature after the Cup was won and lost was the trans formation scene, enacted by what they call the Tbon pson Confederacy Troupe. The principal actor, as you were informed by the Av.stralasian, was the "man in brilliants," commonly known as "The King of the Ring." Well, the Cup of 1S71 is over, and Mr. Tait is again the lucky owner of this envied prize. The mysteries, the plots, and the air- castles he has upset are some tbiiig quite astounding. The Flying Stakes brought out the now admired colt The Ace once more. He only ran a moderate third here; but the two-yr. by Ace of Clubs, out of Lady Heron, carrying 6 lbs. extra, ran tbe flying Barbelle to a short head. The Ace, after running this beaten race, cam9 out for the next, where he meets the tough Saladin. The Ace ran a good game horse under the whip all the way, and it is the general opinion he stopped under it just at the post, and allowed Saladin to make a dead heat of it. Tin's affords another instance that too much of one thing, especially whipcord, is good for nothiua-. Besides, according to rumour, The Ace has a bit of a temper of his own. If he has not he very soon will have if this kind of thing is persisted in. The next problem was a poser for him, for fancy a regular green colt having to run the heat off with an old stager, and a perfect glutton for work, like Saladin. But for tbe wretched start, occasioned by the manner in which the flag was dropped, he would have tied the little horse's stockings up a little tighter. As it was, no wonder the colt dwelt at the past. Tu the Woodstock Plate that grandly bred colt by tbe Ace of Clubs out of Marchioness went to the wall; and it is not to be wondered at either, for whoever heard tell of two-year-olds standing the three-milers he got before the race. Poodle, half-brother to Lapdog, received his initiation card without honours in the £100 Plate. On the fourth day Argus Scandal carried off the All-Aged Stakes, one mile, with about 2 st. over weight, and very nicely he did it too. The fineilookmg eolts, ■pplit -.the "-4 " reason! claim -Mt-flbea that they half belong'. The V. R. C. Hahdhsa^^ Lapdognowhere, ditto the Steeplecbase/TheiQ,^ J . — able for giving tiie InASragAbecobd^edilM of - the Derby; and*lKbud%iuar,Sai(^s&'v'' into disgrace. is done away witli in tM cblbhy the ^^r^ if '■;£i this is to be a sample of the riding it produces.. L ■' The "bit of a boy" who. rode theeoltintbe '-■■ Cup gave the artists a lesson, and plainly shows ; that main strength' and stupidity are not -the essentials for bringing a high-bred -tihul into subjection. I hope Mr. . * Miller will benefit by his experiments at the meeting. .; * Taking matters even as they stand,-no une baa' grumble at the manner tbe Aceof £3nbsr youngsters acquitted. themselves during fits ,'.'j meeting. There was a great blow at one time, if you remember," about "backing Stoekowneris rT. progeny _agtdnst ^tto Ace o^Clubs*.^ ^ again, Mr. Petty has , tb thank South-Australia at the present (ane for the redemption of ' the • Maribyrnong Stud, for Where it not for those , Aces • where would it be ? Another thing - .worthy _ of note is, that up I to the pre sent- time we havenever.seen; -anything come out of the Maribyrnong . Stud that has - boasted of an aged career; oir .tfaie - turf, sodis but if ever there uanqrwOlbe ananimal sp < languished from 1his much "vaunted stud' will.be the Argus .ScandaL. Hnnestiyspetii he is the most "scientifically" bred ammal'i ran during the- meeting. Of course I am av the mating of-Lady Heronwiththe'Ace vra great .fluke, for the simple reason that had i _ been then considered one of the best she would (ti circumstances had not interfered).-luLvegono - te something else. As it is,: Azgns .JScandal affords ah illustration of the true "principles of " breeding in -and in to good, stout ^strains of bipod.. In , tins colt the. excellencies of the Whalebone and Trump lines have-shi to advantage, as they have done on sev occasions on the English turf. To sum up facts of the meeting, I believe a grainier quartette both for looks and performances never - graced Flemington before than the irish iKng, The Ace, King of the Ring, and ArguS Scandal; and they are all sons of the: lamented Aoeof Clpbs. Hereendeth the Metropolitan chapt The provincial meetings are- also mines .of terest to the well-withers of the Adelaidecra but before ! proceed, allow me to inform ] readers that the Ace of (Subs < second ou the list -of winning sires, nothing over three years old. to' dobatl him. Still it's no disgrace for him to 'trea the grand footsteps of Hew Warrior^who heads the fist, by appropriating the Cup. To seei Lapdog taking a nobbier* and afterwards throw-.. ing mud in. the eyes of his: opponents -rathe Bendigo Handicap, was a treat, The Sandhurst Crip, of two miles and a distance, brought to - light another animal who is fond of 3usvdroiHr Praetor.. He and Lapdogoresaid to be .troubled, with the white feather, but they van first and. second—Praetor, who won, carrying fi st. 8 lbs.: Lapdog, 7 fit. 13 lbs., both, aged.- Ho disgrace, you know; to be beaten under the circumstances.. Ballarat I thought would have clipped < thing, seeing that the two cracks were en in every respect on .equal terms, .The Ace, i thing, having the advantage in the dis I was prepared to see the Ace of Clubs colfa i away from the lot and make an exceedingly i thing of it; but, alas! my hopes were & pointed, for. there "was a screw loose in Majesty. He was. reported broken down; the JVeel'ly Times found out that it was bo* for it was only the ligaments- of the tendons that were a little swollen. In the of the prophet, I wonder what could befall him worse ? From.what I hear, it is not quite so bad as that; still, it was bad- enough. Therewonld have been little-cause for surprise had The Ring broke down altogether, considering the way he knocked bis legs about in the Queen's' Plate. - For most pari; of the way/he was looking quite in the" opposite direction to thathewas going. Davis pulled him round to such a degree that be could haveh-ested Ms hdad on the toe bf his boot. In fact, both the colts got more knocking' about at Fleming-ton than any other two horse J that ran there, excepting those that could not keep on their legs. - This shews that the Ace of Clubs was very likely to perpetuate a lot of tough 'tins. As it is I cannot decide on the relative merits of the two colts, and I demur to the assertion given without proof of "Augur" in the Aiisti-alasian that The Ace is the best colt in the land. I don't think he has any better means of judging than others, and I am sure no -one can tell for a certainty. It is not for Jha sake of argument, or with a view.of robbing Hid . Ace of his glory, that I object* to the hasty con clusion "Augur" has arrived at, for if there., be one animal above another that com mands my. partial interest The _Ace is he. - But there are many things in which the Mel bourne critics require a deal of instruction for -all their arrogance. But to' return to Ballarat, Mr. Ryan's Pickpocket {who is well named), was t the first to do battle for Adelaide, and rata a respectable second in the Telegraph, Stakes. Lapdog failed- to get a situation in the Cup. Traveller, by Mr. Baker's Lucifer, won the Sol ling Steeplechase of 75 sovs., The Ace following him up by carrying off the Ballarat Handicap with great ease, .the wMp being-kept going as a matter of course, beating bis mate from . Pewsey Yale (Lapdog), and all the crack flyers of the day—New South Wales included, mind— and the fastest time on record in Australia too. Doubts are expressed about the time being - correct, or the course short, and I began to fancy something was wrong, but on mature con sideration I find it is the fastest course iu the colonies from its-slight falls and -rises added, to the adamant state of the ground, for it was as hard as a brickbat; and that was a good tester for the colt's legs after the. seviere workhedid. over Flemington. Then to keep the name up and the baU a rolling Kingfisher went in and won tbe Selling Stakes of 50 sovs.. There's no mistake about the Pewsey Vale bred ones. I only hope Mr. Gilbert has lots more like those he has sent into the field. Nothing more occured at Ballarat that needs any comment from me except that The Monk, who had had a turn of bad luck this time, came down ou Totliill rather heavily, but, I am happy to say, without at all impeding Harry's progress at the Race-ball in the- evening. To sum up tbe whole matter, we may squabble about fast time, the fastest horse, and the best. bred 'un, and all that; but to whom is Victoria indebted for such colts as the Ace of "Globs has given her ? To whom is South Australia in debted for such colts as the Ace of Clubs has given her also? A colt that has gone and beaten all the flyers of Victoria and New South Wales, giving them all weight into the bargain, hails from the Pewsy stud, South Australia. But ! again say "to whom is all this honour due biit to Mr. W. Gerrard, the plucky importer of the Ace of Clubs, Talk o' the Hill, and Tregeagle." Too much praise cannot be awarded to him and to Mr. Thomas Jordan, his stud groom, who went home and purchased the horses for Mr. Gerrard. These are the gentlemen we all have to thank for the cracks of the period. I am certain every one must feel gratified at the doings of these cracks so far, and if all goes well we shall hear of them again by-and-by. New Zfaland Revenue Returns—From the Assistant Treasurer's abstract of trade revenue returns in New Zealand we learn that during the third "quarter of 1871 the total imports into New Zealand were valued at £1,149,905, and the total exports at £1,218,099; quantity of gold exported was 221,301 ounces valued at £83S,355; wool, 1,287,729 lbs., valued at £67,201; quantity and value of grain ex ported:—Barley, 50,266 bushels; oats, 176,483 do.; wheat, 62,820 do.; flax; 849.) tons, valued at £18,519; taficw, 23,639 cwt. The revenue in cluded Customs, £183,708 19s. 7d.; stamp duties, l6,056 17s. 10d.; postal, £12,418 0s. 3d.; telegraph, £6,657 15s. 8d.; other receipts, £17,222 ISs. 9d.; total, £236,064 12s. Id.; land sales, £46,392; miscellaneous, £41,958; total, £88,350 13s. 2d.; grand total, £324,415 5s. 3d— a large income as compared with that of South Australia. Cooling Invention".—The roofs of a number of public buildings, places of business, and private houses in this city were a short time ago whitened, and thus rendered cooler by a process that a resident bad discovered, and now the inventor has introduced himself to the Vic torians. Respecting his work, the Melbourne Daily 1 elegraph lately said:—" An opportunity is offered to householders of making their habi tations endurable during the heat of the coming summer. Mr. John D. Gibson, recently arrived from Adelaide, and who has taken business pre mises at 45, Elizabeth-street, is prepared to counteract the effect of the sun's rays upon the zinc and slate roofs of the city buildings. He is the possessor of a composite resembling white paint, and which, when applied to the roof by means of a brush, has the effect of cooling the surface over which it is spread. A trial of the composite was made in our presence on Wednes day. A sheet of zinc covering a passage, and which was exposed to the sun, was painted with Mr. Gibson's specific, and although the sheet of zinc unpainted was disagreeably hot to- the touch, the oue operated on was almost cold. Several of the leading firms in Melbourne have called in Mr. Gibson's services, and are satisfied with the result of his application of his refrige rating mixture. Before leaving Adelaide Ms composite was called into requisition by a large number of holders of house properties, from whom lie has most satisfactory testimonials," 