_ '' GHOSTS. : B-yi'Eloronoe'Marryatt (Daughter of Captain Marryatt, : the Novelist.) ; a'.' "My next story will possess moro interest for most of my readers, beonuse it happened to my father. He was not usually acoounted what the nurses term " any buttons short;" nor wus ho a particularly nervous or timid , man ; yet 1 have heard, what I am aoout to relate from his own lips. In one of the northern counties of England there stands an estate which I shall call Burnham Green. It had beep for many years in the possession of ' an old bachelor baronet, Sir Joseph Bell, who Jiud not occupied the house, but had allowed it to fall into decay. When he died, how ever, the title and place passed to u married cousin, and better days dawned for Burnham Green.' Sir Harry and Lady Bell intended to live upon their, property, and, with that design, thoroughly repaired and decorated, the building and grounds, gave up their residence in London, and moved all their household into Cumberland. Now, Burnham Green, in common with most dilapidated country places, had its " ghost." Sir Harry and Lady Bell had heard of it before taking possession, and, like most sensible people, had laughed at the report, and allowed "it to make no difference in their plans. Every ' old house, as a matter of consequence, has its ghost; and they were not afraid but that the light and warmth, and children's voices, and happy faces, would dissipate even the re membrance of theirs. They surrounded .Burnham Green with luxury and amuse- mnnt. filled the house with ffuests, and never ( gave the "gho6t" another thought. " But with all their hospitality and kindness, they could not succeed in making their abode !attractive to their friends. People who ac- cepted their invitations with alacrity, and thought Burnham Green charming, and' ' themselves scarcely less so, would, after a while/ make paltry excuses to curtail their: visits: and, with few exceptions, were found shy ofbeing lured there ogaiu. Lady Bell was naturally both hurt and annoyed. She had made her house and grounds everything that cqhld be desired, and yet her friends f refused to share her retirement, or to give ber any plausible excuses for not doing so. What could be the reason of it? Inquiry was made, and then it transpired that the -.fashionable visitors had all heard of the ghost, chiefly through the ladies' maids ;| 'that' some had even professed to have seen it, and none could be persuaded to, remainj under the same roof with it any longer. Meanwhile, reports of the "Lady" having: been seen in one direction and another we're' constantly cropping up. In this dilemma) Sir Harry and Lady Bell applied to my father, who was an old friend of theirs, for! "advice "how to allay the terrors of their, friends. ' My father disbelieved the tale as! much as they did. He requested Sir Harry,! therefore, to allow him to occupy the haunted: room' for a little while, to see if he could; . unravel the mystery; and .accordingly not; long afterwards he went on a visit to hisi friends, and was duly . installed in the! " Lady's Chamber," where he slept peace-; ,fully!for Some nights, taking the .precaution,'; however, never to go to bed without a brace! of loaded pistols under his pillow, I be-i lieve he had been there for a week or more) without seeing or hearing anything, and was' thinking:-of returning home again, when! the - foilowing" incident occurred to" him. | It was the shooting season, and several) young men were staying at Burnham Green ;j and in the smoking-room one' evening a dis-: cussion arose nn the merits of a certain gun! 0thenrnewly:invented, which was the property; of a Mr Lascelles, a relation of Sir Harry's.) My father had already di'sposessed himself; of his coat and waistcoat; but the hour was: much past midnight ; it was unlikely they; should meet anyone; and so he accompanied' 'his young friend as lie was, taking at the; same time one of his pistols in his hand — ; "in case we meet the ghost," he said, jest-; ingly. They crossed the corridor to Mr! Lascelles' room, stood chatting for a few; moments over the virtues of the new gun, i and then my father stepped out again into; the passage, preparatory to returning to/.hisj own apartment. Mr Lascelles still accom-' panied him — "just to protect you from the ghost," he said, in imitation of the former illusion ;f for the ghost story had been well handled and laughed over in the smoking- room, The corridor tbey had to traverse was longhand dark, for the lamps which hung in; r/ts -deep' niches had been extinguished at' midnight; but as they entered ir, they saw a dim light advancing from the further end: . —a light held by a female figure. "By! ' Jove 1" exclaimed Mr Lascelles, " here is: one_ofthe ladies going up to the nurseries."; The.riS.iWere a few, unsuspecting guests as-i sembled at Burnham Green that autumn, and! the room's in which their little families were! located were, situated above the story on: wjiieb'the friends stood. At Mr Lascelles'; .remark, my father's sensitive modesty took) .alarm. Ho did not fancy meeting a lady to; whom he was almost a stranger in the; deshabille of shirt and trousers; and, 'with j the.-design of escaping her notice, he pulled; (his): companion to one side. There, in the) -gloom, they crouched together, very much) inclined to laugh, I have no doubt, tit the; situation in which they found themselves ;i but terribly afraid lest by a betrayal of their- illegal presence they should alarm the oc-: cupant1 of the ' bedroom before whieff they; stood, or the lady who was advancing to the' jilace of their concealment. Very slowly she! (advanced, or. bo it seemed to them ; and pre-r sently my father, who had pertinaciously, . kept his eyes there, gave the half smothered; .exclamation— "Lascelles ! By Jove !— the, .lad// I". "A' splendid make-up," he said! under his breath ; but 'whoever has done it' shall find I knoiv a trick worth two of bis."j But Mr Lascelles said nothing. Imposition;' or not he did not like the looks of the I/ady< of Burnham Green. On she came, quietj \- nnd dignified, looking neither to the right! nor to the'lei't, whilst my father cocked his' :« ' pistol, and stood ready for her. He expected! she would pass their place of. hiding, und in-! tended to pursue' and tnake her speak , to) "Dim ; but instead, of that, the dim light' .gqined/tlie door, and then stood still. Lbs-.' ' colles shuddered. Ho was a brave man, but; — sbnsitive, even'' niy father's iron nerves' prompted. him to be quiescent. In another moment the lamp moved on again, came ..J&'qloser, /closer )- and round the half-closed '' door, gazing inquisitively at them, as though. rjjailyL.flhxioiis. to see who was there, peered tija pale face nud cruel eyes of the Luey of /(piirrihara- /Green. Suddenly, she passed out tlirbugh the punejs of, the'jdoor pnd disap peared. , ? V 