"PEASANT POETS." The Rev. J. Davidson delivered a lecture on " Peasant Poets," in White's Room, on Thurs day evening, March 23, in connection with the Youi g Men's -ocieties' Union. There was a fair attendance, and the Hon. "Vim. Milne (Chief Secretary) presided. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, referred in terms of praise to. the objects of Young Men's Mutual Improvement • ssociations, and, as one interested in the welfare of South Australia, Baid he was glad to know that many of their young men were interested in these Societies. He mentioned that the public had been admitted free of charge to the lectures previously given under the auspices of the Union, but the expenses had made such con siderable inroads upon the funds, that it had been de.ided to charge 6d. admission, which whs a sum so small that he hardly thought any would stay away in consequence of it. He then introduced The Rev. Mr. Davidson, who delivered an excellent lecture. It was his object, he stated, to demonstrate that lofty intellect, broad sym pathy, and pure expression were not limited to those who enjoyed all the advantages of a liberal education; that those to whom God had given the soul of the seer were not restrained by mere circumstances or accident, but some how found a way to let the world know of what stuff they were made. He was doubtful about " mute inglorious Miltons" and " village Harapdens." There might be some; but, for the most part, those who had the true faculty found or made the occasion for its expression. As he understood it, a poet was one who, whether he be a peasant or no, had the faculty of apprehending truth, and giving clear expression to it from his own point of view. By truth, in this connection, he understood whatever was capable of faithful re-presentatioD, in respect of existence, and relations of likeness or difference. Suoh poets were sometimes men of the highest cultiva tion ; but sometimes they appeared in the guise of those who had been necessarily independent of all external culture, and who had been liorn poets and educated by nature and grace, and who had found the impulse to be irrepressible, and who literally could not help making the world richer by their lives. It was with these men he had to do—not those who had cultivated the art and made it so perfect that you could scarcely discern its artfulness ; but those who, blessed with the eye of the seer and the tongue of fire, had been somehow compelled to tell the world how things appeared to them, and what they thought of truth, and beauty, and love. They were the unsophisticated teachers of the generations. They called no man master, and while they were content to borrow suggestions about rhyme or rhythm, they were careful always to describe everything as it really appeared to them.] The cultivated poets also gave expression to what was within them, but not with the same ingenuousness. They gathered and compared the impressions of many minds, and with an accumulated experience they gave expression by their art to their educated sentiment. The peasant poets of their own land had won laurels in many fields. Love, war, the chase, fairy land, fatherland, the field, and the fireside had all contributed to the inspiration of their poets. Some they knew, but some were name less. All over England and Scotland there floated a ballad literature unwritten until a comparatively short period ago—it was also comparatively unknown ; and yet this ballad literature, in all probability composed by peasants, contained some of the most terse, robust, and vigorous verses they possessed. Amongst those properly belonging to the peasantry who had written and published their own works, perhaps the most notice able were Bloomfield, Tannahill, Burns, Motherwell, Allan Cunningham, William Laidlaw, Alex. Wilson, John Clare, and Jas. Hogg. The rev. gentleman succinctly sketched the lives of most of these, omitting Burns, by the way, for which he apologised by stating that he Bhould be treated alone, although j he admitted that speaking of peasant poets without reference to hini was like playing " Hamlet" without the ghost. Ha ably indi cated the peculiar excellencies and character istics of the writings of the poets made the sub ject of remark.^ The lecture was illustrated by numerous admirable selections, which, with the Rev. Mr. Davidson's own observations, were listened to with close attention. Mr. J. Storrie proposed a vote of thanks to the rev. gentleman. He expiessed regret that the attendance v:v= not larger, and suggested that in future «ve.-- effort should be used to secure the r: a greater number at the lectur-. The = :••••". J. JE.FifERis seconded the proposi tion, which was carried by acclamation. A similar compliment to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a termination. 