445 Courier. PUBLISHED daily. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1877. lim historical fact, to which attention was directed in the Assembly last week, that the members for the West Moreton district have almost invariably been found at the back of the Ministry of the day, after to the political student in interesting subject for contemplation Before how ' ever he enters upon the investigation either of its origin and final causes, or of its consequences as witnessed in the course which events have taken amongst us he may do well to note how very considerable and curious a fact it is 'the present band of brethren they object to be called a phalanx 01 clique-were returned for the very purpose of supporting the Government Small blaine (01 praise) is to be attached to them. therefore for the fidelity with which they have discharged then supposed and -very simple duty If it is not quite clear whether or not they represent the interests or wishes of their constituents, there is no manner of doubt about them faithfully and fully representing the dominant authorities in their electorates, by whose agency they hold their position But it is singular that the same attachment to the powers that be" distinguished five out of these six; gentlemen in the late Parliament and when another political party held the reins of Government The Lu lei Ministry had equal cause with its successors for gratitude to them Its schemes, aims, and policy must be supposed to have been somewhat different to those of its successes, but concern about such trifles has ever been insufficient to shake the loyalty of members for Ipswich and West Moreton Going back a step farther we find that the, Macmvif Government enjoyed equally valuable aid from the eloquence, of the silence, or the absence of four out of the six West Moreton members And from 1867 back to the state of our first Parliament it will be remembered that no matter what change of administration there might be, the delightful unanimity with which the representa- ties of this district declared the support of Ministers to be a Parliament's paramount duty whenever broken, except during one memorable ten days in 1866 For the most part the two constituencies which make up the West Moreton district were represented by Ministers But they never, so far as we can discover, during this whole period, returned an Oppositionist It may of course have so happened that the Government policy of those times was invariably light But the fact is indisputable that its defence 01 apology was always to be heard from the lips of Ipswich and West Moreton representatives uncharitable people will be demanded, by this curious fact, of the immortal Vicar of Bray Those more generously disposed will remember the Duke of WniiNOTON s patriotic sentiment about the "QuelVsGo vernment" attribute it to what we may, the singular coincidence of opinion and aim to judge by the division lists of the Assam blythe only true guide-between successive Ministries and the successive representatives of this district is a -v cry considerable circumstance in Queensland history, and deserves something more than passing mention A second interesting fact to be taken into account by any one who wants to get a just insight into the past, present, and future of Queensland politics; is that the policy Of the country up to the present time has been fashioned with a peculiar regard to the known wishes of West Moreton representatives, and the supposed interests of that district. Did they want a railway to the Downs The whole country must he made to provide the means. 1 >id Ips which want a bridge across the Bremer Creek ? Part of the railway funds must he appropriated for this purpose. Part of the railway funds, indeed, must he misappropriated for this purpose for hard as it may he to believe it, the extension of the line across the Bremer Creek, with the railway bridge, was constructed by the fiat of the Executive only, and to this day the act has never received the sanction of Parliament. Did they require an unjustifiable extension of the very proper cotton bonus ? They must have it, at no matter what sacrifice of sound principle or public interest. For them must large sums be expended in deepening the rocky bed of the Bremer above the basin, and cutting the rocks and flats of the Upper Brisbane. For them must the bridge lower down the river be stopped and spoilt. For them too, now, must the development and growth of the whole country be kept at a stand still, so far as it is in the power of a political combination in defence of un- righteous privilege to effect this unnatural end. It would seem therefore that the relation between the West Moreton members and our successive Governments has always been that described by the phrase quid pro quo. Nothing has been given on either side for nothing, but something has always been given for something. The loyal devotion of the honorable members loses a little of its chivalrousness by the retrospect, but they must win for themselves a certain in- voluntary esteem, at least from the admirers of the " enlightened selfishness" doctrine, as being men who knew what they were about. They have proved themselves, as representatives, exemplary pro- ficient in his. Foote's " whole duty of man." They have first (and last, and al- together) conserved the interests of the place they lived in. On the other hand, ministries have very properly appreciated the claims of Ipswich and its district. The creek above the Basin used to be very shallow and its deepening was doubtless a work of national importance. The Bremer Bridge is a highly ornamental and moderately useful structure. The Rosewood used to be a difficult place to cross. And it must be admitted that they have found the undeviating devotion of the Ipswich phalanx of the greatest service in their retention of office. There is great room for question, however, whether on the whole Mr, Footis's principle is a sound one. There is room for question whether West Moreton members would not have done as much or more for their own" district-as the present senior member likes to call it (they certainly would have done more for the whole country if they had looked at political questions from a national instead of the Ipswich point of view. There is great doubt for instance whether that district would not have gained more by our past railway construction, supposing this policy had been entered upon and administered (as its resumption is now sought with the aim of advancing the interests of the whole community. There is great doubt whether, if the West Moreton and Ipswich members (or at all events the intelligent and independent thinkers amongst them) had enforced upon Government the adoption of their own views about settlement of the railway reserves, instead of blindly sacrificing all their individuality, and consenting to every public injustice so that Ipswich traditions were obeyed, West Moreton would not by this time have been three times the place it is in point of agricultural, manufacturing, and mining development. But however this may be, certainly West Moreton has everything to gain and nothing to lose by such a revision of the old policy as would bring it into harmony with the country's present needs. Houses in Ipswich would in all probability have stood at a higher rating than " three shillings and twopence farthing" this year, if somewhat less of the selfish principle had actuated its members' political conduct. And no one can doubt that a change for the better in all such property will quickly follow a change for the better in the breadth of their views. Not in the breadth of these members' individual opinions be it observed. Mr. Johnston, for instance, is a shrewd man, aware of the advantages of immigration. But what is complained of is that the supposed claim of Ipswich predominance compels him to oppose, tooth and nail the only policy which can effect the further settlement of the country desired by him. But as regards the rest of the colony, what a monstrous mischief has this alliance between Ministries and a small faction been ! We can hardly help admiring, in some sort, its small cunning, its short- sightedness notwithstanding, but we cannot hide from view its general ill effects. Year after year the country has been kept by it so far as regards all valuable reforms - in utter stagnation. All our new forces, which but for this combination would have compelled our rapid political and social progress, have been held in check. The alliance has made, and still makes, Parliamentary reform-the one chief requisite to our advancement-an impossibility. Ou no possible scheme of readjustment of seats could West Moreton retain six thirty- second parts, or all butone-fifth,of the political power of the country, and hence West Moreton declares for the status quo. In like manner the combination, being always for conservative or repressive purposes, has been, and is in fact, the wet blanket which stops the onward course of the country. It is a poor satisfaction to know that Ipswich shares in the painful results of its own selfishness. The important question for the rest of the colony to solve is How long shall our interests he sacrificed by its suicidal folly The usual monthly meeting of the Volunteer Fire Brigade took place last evening in the engine-house. Thirty-one members the usual number of late were present. After the business, which was merely of a formal character, the Superintendent, Alderman Beattie, put the men through engine drill. WE have not been able to correct the paragraph in our English telegram which stated that the Queensland Loan of two millions had been placed at £106 Is. 6d. and upwards j but we have ascertained that a few months since the Government of this colony sent to the Union Bank of Australia, for sale in London, debentures authorised by last year's Loan Bill to the extent of £200,000. It is possible, therefore, that the error in the telegram may be in the addition of a figure to the amount. If this should be the case our debentures must be considered to have realised a very satisfactory amount. Tin! Bill for taking a census on the 1st of September next received the Royal Assent on Thursday. Generally it is a copy of the Census Act of 1868, but the following alterations have been made The boundaries of pastoral districts and parishes are to be followed in defining the districts and sub-districts. The Registrar General " or such other person as the Governor in-Council may appoint," has to not under the instructions of the Colonial Secretary in issuing forms, and giving instructions to enumerators and collectors. The census, as prepared by the Registrar-General, must show the population in each enumerator's district and collector's sub district, subdivided according to age and sex. The form to be filled in is the same as was used at the last census, on the 1st January, 1868. From a return called for in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Handy, we learn that between the census of 1861 and that of 1868 30,658 immigrants arrived in the colony, and the number that arrived between the census of March, 1868, and the 17th ultimo was 6099. The total immigration since the 1st January, 1864, was therefore 36,752, of which 4500 were Germans. Dividing the grand total in another way, we find that 10,018 of the immigrants were single, and 17,734, married persons and children. Reckoning by boxes, the arrivals included 22,045 males, and 14,707 females. On Thursday last the Minister for Lands, at the instance of Mr. Fyfe, laid on the table of the Assembly a return of the islands loosed, or otherwise authorised or known to be occupied, by the Queensland Government. The following list of them describes how they have been disposed of Keppel Island, occupied by Messrs. Ross, Beddome, and Palmer, on an annual lease at one shilling for five years ; North Keppel Island, permissive occupied by J. H. Young, but permission may be withdrawn at any time, without compensation j Little Woody Island, used as a quarantine station under the Act ; Innes Island, promised to the Acclimatisation Society, but nothing done ; Curtis Island, 640 acres, granted to the Melanesian Mission ; Russell Island, 640 acres, hold under sugar lease ; M'Loay Island, 640 acres purchased, and 670 leased by Messrs. J. and G. Harris ; Ngu dooroo, conditionally purchased under the Act of 1868 ; Stone Island, 35 acres, occupied by the Admiralty,- Lady Elliot's Island (guano), licensed for ten years from 10th November, 1863 ; Cairncross Island (guano) licensed for seven years from May, 1871; Sixth Island, Thirsty Sound, licensed for ten years for mining purposes ; Woody Island, lease expired, and now reserved for acclimatisation purposes. At a meeting of the Railway Extension Committee yesterday afternoon, largely attended, it was considered desirable that a banquet should be given at on early date to the Opposition members of the House, in acknowledgment of their services in the cause of railway extension. An adjourned meeting of the committee is announced for to-day. A meeting of influential residents was held at Toowoomba, on Monday evening last, to consider the present position of the railway question. It was deemed prudent to strengthen the hands of the Opposition members of the Assembly, and it was therefore resolved that a grand railway soiree in honor of the Opposition members, should be held on Monday evening next, in Walker's large auction rooms, Ruthven street, to which the whole of the Opposition members are to be invited. The matter has been entered into most enthusiastically by the leading inhabitants of the town and district, and a very successful demonstration is anticipated. The price of the tickets was fixed at two shillings and sixpence, and the programme will consist of alternate speeches and songs. The Hon. Arthur Macalister is to be invited to take the chair. The Queensland Times is hopelessly rabid on the subject of keeping the railway terminus for over at Ipswich. In its yesterday's " leader" it sUggests an adjournment of the Assembly for three months, and thinks this might have "a salutary effect on the obstructionists." It might frighten them, the Legislative Council, and the general public who are now demanding railway extension, into giving up the idea and allowing things to remain as they are now for another dozen or twenty years it might also have just the contrary effect. The Rev. Dr. Tufnell held an ordination in the Church of St. Mark, at Warwick, on Sunday last, when the Rev. James Love, lately minister of the Presbyterian Church, Wickham-terrace and W. P. Townson, Esq., Principal of the Collegiate School, Warwick, were admitted into the holy order of deacons. We understand Mr. Townson will still maintain his connection with the school, and act at the same time as curate to the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie. It is said that Mr. Love will take charge of Toowoomba, as locum tenens, during Mr. Page's visit to England " A MEETING of the Diocesan Council will be held this afternoon, at 4 o'clock, in the Town Hall Chambers. The Bishop has appointed g Commissary to preside in his absence. Several important notices of motion are on the paper. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES in connection with the Wharf-street Congregational Church were held on Sunday last, when appropriate sermon! efl were preached by the pastor (Rev. E. Griffith), he and the Rev. M. M'Gavin, M.A. In the course of his remarks, the pastor referred to the death list of Mr. Robert Bourne, one of the oldest members of the congregation, who, some fifty years ago, was one of eight missionaries sent out from England, four of whom, including Moffatt, went to Africa, and the others, one of whom of was the ill- fated Williams, to the South Sea By Islands. The annual tea meeting took place last evening, when there was a large attendance, numbering about 200. Mr. Chambers, assisted by the young people, had decorated the church very neatly with festoons and mottoes and the tables, provided by the ladies of the congregation, had a tempting appearance. The evening meeting, under the direction of the pastor, was, well attended ; Mr. Diggles presided at the harmonium. Mr. Hubbard, hon. secretary, read the eleventh annual report, which was satisfactory. It was stated that the pastor and the Rev. Mr. Savage were conducting monthly services at Beenleigh, Carter's Ferry (on the >d Albert River), Drynan's Ferry (on the Logan), rd and the Eight-mile Plains. Those journeys it were generally made on horseback, and occupied two days. The report also stated that a Young Men's Mutual Improvement Class had recently been formed for the reading of essays, papers, so,; and there were already about 30 members. The Sunday-school children numbered 165, and the average attendance for the past four weeks had been 122. There were 21 teachers. Addresses were given by the chairman, and the Revs. W Draper, Goodna; 0. Ogg and B. G. Wilson, Brisbane ; Charters, Wollongong (N.S.W.) and Mossop, Ipswich. In the course of the evening, four anthems and two solos were given by the choir in a creditable manner and the proceedings were brought to a close with votes of thanks to the speakers and the ladies for their services. An able and interesting lecture on the Sir: positions of our Ancestors," was delivered last evening, in the Temperance Hall, Edward Street, by the Rev. Alexander Hay, M.A., in connection with the Caledonian Society. The chair was taken by George Wight, Esq., and there was a good attendance. The superstitions enumerated were multitudinous and very varied in oh motor, embracing a belief in ghosts and spiritual appearances, in fairies and their kin (also believed in by the Germans), in sorcery and witchcraft, in spells and omens, and in a host of other things, some of which could be traced at the present day in the beliefs, and manners and customs of the people. Many interesting and amusing details were given, and the lecturer was repeatedly applauded. Songs and recitations were also given in the Scotch dialect by members of the society, and were rapturously received, and the proceedings were brought to a close with the usual votes of thanks. The funeral of Captain Hodgson, late of the ship Salamander, took place yesterday afternoon. It was largely attended. The represent t tatives of the principal shipping firms, the of captains of nearly all the vessels in port, and members of the pilot service, besides a large number of friends and acquaintances, followed the deceased gentleman to his grave. He was buried in the Church of England Cemetery, his grave being near that of the late Captain Evans. The funeral service was read by the Rev. T. Jones. The funeral of the lad Francis James O'Shaughnessy, who died suddenly on Monday evening, took place yesterday afternoon. It was very largely attended by the friends and acquaintances of the family of the deceased. His former schoolmates, the pupils of St. James' Roman Catholic School, Fortitude Valley, headed the procession to the cemetery. He was interred in the Roman Catholic burying ground. The funeral service was read by the Rev. P. J. McGuinness. The boy is very highly spoken of as having been unusually clever and intelligent for his age, and was a favorite from his amiability of disposition. The National Rifle Association has lately been endeavoring to include the colonies within the scope of its operations, and in various British possessions branches, or affiliated institutions, are being established. The funds at the disposal of the Association last year amounted to no less than £11,134. The Rajah of Kolapore having offered a gold challenge cup to be open to the competition of India and the colonies, the Council of the National Rifle Association have oppressed their intention of giving £100 extra to the colonist who may win the Rajah's prize. Our riflemen ought to bestir themselves, and although Government affords little encourage- ment for' enrolling themselves in Volunteer Corps, they may yet associate for the purpose of taking part in the great national and intercolonial contests. We are advised that £157 Ps. has been collected to date in aid of the Captain Relief Fund, £100 of which was remitted to England in March last, and the balance will be forwarded by the present outgoing mail. It is rather an unusual occurrence at this time of the year for snakes to be seen anywhere, and more especially in a town like Brisbane, which is supposed to be clear of such reptiles. A fine specimen of the whip snake, measuring nearly three feet long, was discovered the other day by Mr. Deagon, of the Prince of Wales Hotel, Edward-street, in a vacant allotment opposite his house who after some difficulty succeeded in despatching it, but not without the aid of boiling water to compel it to come out of a hole where it had taken refuge. The question is how did the reptile find its way to such a place ? One male patient died in the Woogaroo lunatic Asylum last week. The-numbers now in the house are-Males, 134; females, 64. The Fiji Times, anticipating an influx of population at the end of the hurricane months, words people from going there in the hope of obtaining employment. It says : " The only class of persons who may expect to better themselves are those who are possessed of energy and cash, and who can not only rough it, but likewise bear a great deal of disappoint- ment, for that is the lot of every settler in Fiji." A story is going the rounds of the Victorian papers of a once prominent politician in that colony who has been seen in Fiji, half naked, and living on the shellfish he gathered on the sea shore. We mention these acts because some of our young colonists entertain glowing, but illusory, ideas of happiness and prosperity to be found in Fiji and others of the South Sea Wande. 