CHRISTMAS EYE IN A BELFRY. By Litchfield Mosely. 1 POPUWB BEADING OF MR: j, M. BELLE WS.) „e were a merry, party at Mertop Grange* Somersetshire,' onChristmas Ere-I forget the date, but it must twenty years ago, at the very . , s t. Uncle George, as we always lied him, was a thorough specimen ' an English gentleman of the old ,]—genial, warm-iiearted, "and Wi,.table. Indeed, the greatest Measure of his life seemed to consist' d making other people happy. On that Christmas Eve, the oaken parlour at the Grange presented its il festive appearance. A huge d fire blazed on the,hearth—not it was wanted, for the weather almost as warm as June, but tly because the season demanded l; the spacious room was festooned lith holly and evergreen ; from a Lsive beam in the centre drooped [mighty bough of mistletoe ; and the carved walnutwood sideboard creaked beneath the weight i cheer it bore. For Christmas ; always kept by Uncle George in jovial English fashion. I may as well say at once that my is Willis Trotman; and at hat time, I was a rising young farrister, vegetating in grimy ftambcrs in the delightful locality o perulara-buildings, Gray's Inn. Uncle George was a widower, lith three daughters. Emily, the jldest, was engaged to Jack Bates, " Merton Abbey ; Charlotte, the oud, disengaged, officiated as her r s housekeeper; and Polly, the gest, also disengaged—a little kerry-eyed, fair-haired, saucy girl of felitecu, who was an especial Ivourile of mine, and who delighted | teasing me whenever an oppor- Mty offered. Bless her heart! lie married an officer after all, and lent to the East ladies, where bate soon spoiled her pretty face; Pthey told me afterwards. But I pn always see her as she was then; pd I shall love her to my dying day. ''Polly,' said 1, as we sat down at I of one ot the dances. ' how Inietiome people are to-night! I'll Tiger a dozen pairs of gloves I can Ns what you're thinking about.' ['Some people are wonderfully lever, no doubt,' she replied. 'Pray N am I thinking about, Mr. ^pertinence ?' 'You're wondering how many m you'll be kissed uuder that isteltoe to-night.' ^'Jou're an impudent boy, Willis. 0 , ""er made you think of such a '^ered° Wn bright CyCS ' Po,ly '' i'jf you talk like that, I'll never p* you,' she said, smilingly, as ftnppedaway. . I nnew! how tremendously hot it L?5 Unc,e George, wiping his E l WUh bis hai »dkerchicf. after Ugh sonie LL extraordinary ns " in the dancing line. fve! Why, I declare it's » ough for July. Willis, may I ; c J®« to throw open the lawn ^ oS 0 /^ 3^ ^t us have a wa s told, and somehow [ ccidenta,, no doubt-on sitting J a8a,n ' 1 found Polly by my in are again, then,' I ha '1 t s i a J e i rible teas e you are, n 1 notice ttae you were T 1 'In what way has this unfortunate individual offended you?' I asked. J Never mind, sir 1 I am very much offended.' ' How do you look when vou're offended, Polly?' ' ' w »IHs, you're an intolerable nuisance to-night—you are, indeed! But isn't it warm here ?' ' Warm ? I fs enough 4o bake one. What do you say to a minute or twp's turq round the garden?? 'I should like it above allthings.' ihaVanlinA . ' ' ° * ' Very well. Throw that shawl over your shoulders, and, the next mpve that takes place, we can slip out unobserved.' In a short time the opportunity offered, and no one noticed our disappearance. 'What a delightful night it is,' said Polly, as we sauntered leisurely down the garden, ? Look at that lovely moon—isn't it beautiful ?' 'Delightful/ 1 replied. 'It reminds me of some lines I read somewhere, some time ago, written by somebody or other. Let me see, they're something like this— ' When the pale orb of Dian shines over the sea, When nature's reposing, reposing, reposing—' What an idiot I am; I forget what comes next; but I know the line ends with thee, or he, or she, or be, or something.' ' Cousin, you're very poetical, to- tiight; but when you commence a quotation, you ought to be able to finish it. I don't feel at all cold, do you?' ' Not at all, Polly. For my part, I f think it vastly preferable to indoors.' ' So do I,' she replied- Believe me, it's a dangerous thing for a young man to be walking alone with a pretty cousin by moonlight on Christmas Eve. By this time we had reached the wicket-gate that opened into the little churchyard, adjoining the grounds of the Grange. 'Shall we stroll round the old church before we return, Polly ?' ' I should like to, very much. But perhaps we should be missed; and whatever would people say ?' ' I don't care what anybody says,' I replied. ' I don't care for anybody or anything but you, dear Poll!' The moon was taking effect. ' Willis! don't be so absurd, or I'll go back at once.' ' Don't be angry with me, Polly. It's the moon's fault. The moon is to blame for it all.' ' So I should imagine,' she replied, coolly. 'Sorry that I have been the means of subjecting you to its influence.' As we passed by, I noticed that the door of the church tower stood ajar. The bell- ringers had been there that morning, and had, no doubt, forgotten to close it. So I opened it a little way and peeped in. ' Polly,' I said, * there's no one here. Wouldn't it be capital fun to run up the belfry steps, and see how the village looks from the top of the tower to-night ? The moon will give sufficient light through the loopholes for us to find our way up the stairs.' ( How delightfully romantic. What a charming adventure for Christmas Eve!' she exclaimed. ' Are you sure you'll not be fright ened, dear ?' ' Frightened! What at ? I don't believe in the supernatural, Willis,' she replied, like the courageous little girl that she was. ' But perhaps you'll catch cold t' ' I'm not afraid of that, either. I'm as warm as a toast. Come along, Willis.' And she began to ascend the tower. Half-way up, we came to an ironbound door, which, luckily for us, was also open, or it would have arrested our progress. 'I say, Willis, whatever would people think of us if they could see us now?' she cried, as we stopped >or a moment to rest and take breath. Flap, flap, flap, 'Tu-whoo, tuwhoo, tu-whoo!' And a large owl new past us, evidently disturbed bv out-intrusion. ' Oh, Willis, whatever was that V she said, seizing me by the arm. ' Only an owl, dear.' Is that all ? How the horrid thing frightened me.' . / * thought that you was never frightened, Polly.' ; ' by the supernatural,' she replied. « But owls do not come under that category,'.. A few steps more, and we had reached the summit, and were standing just beneath the bells. 'Oh, Willis—Willis! The view from here is enough to make any one poetical!' she cried, clapping her hands. ' I had no idea that it was half so beautiful. Look at the lights in the village—look at the Grangelook at the shadows on the blinds! I wonder if they 've missed us yet.' Just then there came a sudden gust of wind, followed by a loud bang. 4 Whatever was that, Willis ?' I guessedits meaning immediately, and hurried down the stairs, to find that the middle door had blown to, and that we were securely fastened in. Here was a pretty position to be placed in! Laugh as much as you please, but how would you like to be shut up in the belfry of an old Norman church tower just before midnight on Christmas Eve ? 'Oh, dear! Oh, dear! What are we to do now ? Whatever will become of us ?' said Polly. ' Be calm, dearest—compose yourself. Our case is not utterly hopeless, after all. I have a box of fiizees in my pocket. I'll light them one by one, and throw out signals of distress.' ' But there's nobody about to see them,' she returned. 'Oh, suppose we have to stay here all night ! It's not 12 o'clock yet, and the moon will go down soon, and it will be eight hours before daylight.' • Polly,' I said quietly. ' Oh, don't waste time talking to me, if you please. Oh, why did you bring me up here? Oh, whatever will become of us! Even if we're missed, nobody will ever think of looking up here for us. Oh, Willis—Willis ! do do something! Can't you tear our pocket handkerchiefs into strips, and tie the pieces together, and let yourself down ? I'm sure if I were a man I would.' *1 fear, Polly, that our handkerchiefs are not sufficiently strong to bear my weight," I answered, smiling. ' But, if the worst come to the worst, I suppose we shall have to pull one of the bells.' ' Oh, you musn't do that — It would alarm the whole village. And what would people say? Please don't laugh, Willis! I'm getting so cold! I begin to shiver all over. I'm sure, if we have to stay here, I shall die before morning.' ' Never mind, dearest, I'll not desert you; at least we'll die together,' I said, in order to keep up her spirits, but beginning to feel very uncomfortable myself; for although the air was scarcely perceptible outside, it swept through that horrible belfry with almost force enough to cut off one's ear. ' A-tishyu ! a-tishyu! I'm catching an awful cold, Willis. I can feel it coming oh,' she said, after a pause. ' Here's a nice warm corner,' I answered. ' Crouch down in this recess while I reconnoitre. Take the fuzees, light them one by one; and you can warm your hands over them,' I added, tying my white handkerchief over her bead as I spoke. 'Don't let me rob you, Willis. I'm sure you want it inore than I do. I have my shawl.' ' Never mind me, Polly. I'm more used to this sort of thing than you are.' . ' Used to being locked up ia belfries all night?' she enquired, laughing for the first time since our imprisonment. 'Not exactly,' I answered- 'But listen ! Don't yoii hear voices ?' ' Of course I do,' she said, jumping up. ' Oh, how fortunate tor us ! It's the bellringers ! Don't you know its the custom at Merton to ring the bells on Christmas Eve?' 'Thank goodness! then we shall soon be delivered, from our captivity,' I said. As I spoke, the bells began to swing slowly backwards and forwards —ding, dong, ding, ding, clash, clang, ding, dong! I could hear the voices of the bellringers beneath, so I ran down the steps, and shouted loudly for assistance; but the bells destroyed the sound. ' Hallo there ! hallo ! help !' I cried, making at the same time a vigorons onslaught on the old oaken door with my knuckles, until at last the bells stopped. ' Hallo there! hallo Giles Stubbins! Hallo there!' Stubbins I knew to be the senior bellringer's name. ' Mussy on us! waat bethat?' I heard the old man ask his companion. Didn't ye hear zoomat ?' ' Noa, I heerd nought,' was the reply ; and again I shouted and rattled at the door. 'Didn't ye hear noughtthen, David? asked Stubbins. ' Aye did I! I heerd a screech in" loike, and a ratlin' o'erhead. Giles ! Giles! tak' my word for 'un, it be a ghoast! Ar'n't ye ne'r heerd tell as how this place be haunted. Coom away, man, coom awaay !' ' Lord preserve us all!' returned Giles. Ye maakc all my teeth chatter in my head.' ' Eh, Giles ! Giles! coom away man—coom away ! I've seen un— I've seen un!' ' Seen whaat ?' ' Why, the ghoast! I seed 'un put 'un's head out o' belfry window just now, all whoite loike! I never seed nought so horrible afore! It looked for a' the world loike a skeleton in a white sheet, \vi' sparks o' fire flashin' from 'un's eyes ; aye, they wor' real sparks, too. There be one on 'em now!' This was one of the fuzees ; and he had evidently seen poor Polly in her white dress, with my handkerchief over her head. ' Doan't run away, Daavid, wi'out me ! Doan't leave me here alone, ye coward—doan't!' cried Giles ; and away trotted the two old men towards the village, leaving their lanterns behind them, and shouting loudly ' a ghoast! a ghoast! a ghoast!' ' We're in a worse mess now than ever, dear Polly,' 1 said, as I returned to her. * Those two old idiots have taken you for a ghost, and they'll raise the village.' ' Oh, dear! What will become of us? What are we to do, she answered. ' Face it out bravely,' I said, as, seizing a rope, I began to ring one of the bells. Ding, dong ! ding, dong! ding dong. ' Whatever are you doing, Willis ?' ' Sounding the tocsin, Polly—ringing the alarm bell. Go back into that recess, and muffle yourself up as well as you can. Ding, dong, ding, dong. ' The garrison is waking, see.' Ding, dpng, ding, dong. And, looking through the loophole, I saw lanterns flitting about in the garden of the Grange, and I could heat voices shouting at a distance. * In a few minutes reinforcements will arrive, the citadel will be stormed, and we shall be restored to our anxious friends.' Oh, Willis, what a disturbance we are making, and what will, papa say ? This adventure mil bethetalk iortbe village for years, and I shall be Shamed' to show my face in it again.' 'Uncle Qeorge will only laugh at the joke,' I rejoined ; ' and as tp being ^sfiaingd to.show your face in the village, come to London with me, and bp ; my own dear little wife.' And I flung myself on my knees on the cold stone floor of that abominable belfry. ' Polly, I adore you, Polly, I am your devoted slave. One little word; from you will make me the happiest of men.' . 'Sir, I am ashamed of you. This is'not'the time for such nonsense.' • '' Polly, do' you' consider my love nonsense Listen to me for a moment. ehli^t' 'Hark !" she cried; ' There waB a roar of many voices bpn'eath, and, looking down, I s'a\y a crowd of villagers armed with rakes, hoes, shovqls, spades, and pitchforks. Presently I "heard the voice qf'tTnqlg George say— 1 1 A ghost, eh? Don't believe a word of it.' What cock and bull ,story is all this—ph.? A sovereign to the first mati who goes up the belfry ' £ I doaji't want your money, zquire; and I liean't vrightened o' ghoasts— ^o here,goes," said Abraham WMt.e> one. of Uncle George's men. t' Tak* ckre, Abraham, tak' care, tak' th' pitchfork wi' ye. Mayhap the gfaoast miy do ye, zum 'arm,' said a wotnan's voice. 'Tak* th* pitchfork, and then ye can gie th* ghoast a crack o'er the head wi' 'un/ .. ' Come along, my lads, it's all fancy! y cried Uncle George. 'It's mybelief there's nothing there.', So in order'to convince him I gave the rope anpther vigorous pull. 'Wnew 1 ! That's strange!' lie crjed. '.That,bell didn't ring itself. ' Follow me" lads? '' Aye/ aye, sir,' was the reply. Then I heard him mount the steps, and rattle the wooden door. "' Who's there ?' he shouted. Something prompted me to have a . joke - at his-expense ; so, in reply, I gave a long, loud howl, something between a yell and a shriek—an accomplishment 1 had learned at school. Away scudded Uncle George, five steps at a time, followed, by his supporters. , ' By Jove! No mortal made that sound, til wager,' I heard him say. And again J tugged at the bell. Ding, apng, ding, doug, ding, dorig!' ." *Ten pounds to the man who breaks open the door,' said Uncle George.. ' ' Gi' us hold o' your zhovel, Jacob. Ghoast or no ghoast, I zoorihave 'un out/, said Abraham White. " 'That's"right, my lad ; I like your pluck,? shouted ray uncle. ' Pon my won], this matter is getting interestipgi', . : And immediately afterwards, the doior- was attacked with heavy blows byjthe besiegers. " Somewhat Tearful of the result, I whispered to polly— ' ' Retire upstairs a few steps, while I capitulate.? F^r {he truth was, I was afraid tha.t the first man who entered, if he caught sight of her white dress might bfeiin jber ,witli his shoyel. Seeing sjhe wasout of danger, I there.! What are you making 'all 'thai noise about, eh ?' ^ Why that's' A^illis's voice,' exclaljned Uncle George. ' '01 course it isj uijtcle 5 and. therefs somebody else he^e as welK 5 The dijpx^t this foment gave way,, discovering Polly and fayself. 'Qb, mpp, dear,. dop't fee angry/ sheiRneja".' J V ' Angry 1 ^Vhat have I got jlo be angry for, eh? But how on earth did you get up there ? Come, tgjl.me allabiout it.' ;Wh'y^^at> ; thatiqji'i:e trapped up in? ^jhaj.Uaj, Yqu'^e a bfediity now,.and no mistake. Poor Polly certainly cut rat^er a queer figure, as she rVr&s; envelpj^e(On a dirty bid sack ttiat'vve nM-guscovered in a corner 01 the ti^fry; and her hands, face, anfl dreslyvere smothered with thick black dust.-, ' Ha, ha, ha J My dear, it's a shame to laugh at you; but l really fckn't help it. Bless me! hpw cold' y^uJaVe. Come, wrap and we'll go indoors*at'6nce.* ; ..' InafeYvmbmebts I Had .explained the whole affair to tJftcle ^eorgip's satisfaction; and I never"fc'e^rdy a man laugh more heartily; "• . " ' Well; friends,'- lie said, turning to the villagers; 1 'ycjir ! SefcHilibi^' was- no ghost afier all. S<y cdmie ! tip the Grangfe and.ha^e s'twAfettiing t6 fr&fo; you, before ybu : g6 i hom6'agaih ! .* J :' " '' Threes cheers . fbr ! the : dq uirb knd Miss -Maty; arid ibpg iife atttt'A rfefry Christmas to 'ein !' was 'tW rdplfi \- ' And now, David and Giles,''cried my uncle, 'addre^^ing the 'faeiirinjjfers, '.pull away with awill, &nd; , 'mrig ! ctat a mercy.-Christinas peal on the' grand old bells; aqd, let; us .hope that" no worse ghqsts than jthesg iWill eyer Jbe seen in Meltoti, belfry on Christmas Eve.'' ... . ' I repeated my offer to, Polly the yery next day; and what do'you think was her reply ? f I'll give you your answer, ;sir, the next time we .are locked up .together on Christmas £ve in a belfry!' ' 