SPECIAL TBLBGE AM. An assault on Paris is imminent. Tho Gormans remain at St. Bonis. Attempts at conciliation failed. Paris is invested. Tho provisions intcreoptod wore roturnod; and an ' eight hours' aruiistioo was allowed tho .starving in- liabitants.to psenpo from their ruined houses. Fight- ing wns thon rcsumod. Air. Loivu's budgot is extremely unpopular. Tlio Mnvquis of Noruidnby lias suited by tho ship Lincolnshire, ' ' Tho Quconsland loan of two millions sterling has boon takon at £106 Is. 6d. nnd upwards. ' " Bothn- nll won tho Two Thousand Guinea Stakes, / Wool sales are progressing favourably. . . Dr. Dolingcr has been exoommunicatod. \- May 8.. Tho insurgonts' position outsido Paris is. very pro-, carious. Fort Nouilly has boon destroyed. Fort, Izzy has boon domolishod. Tlio insurgonts' Iobs was- 1000 mon. , .- , Conununardissonsions linvo nrison, and tho authority of tho. Committee is woakonod. . Olussorot lias boen imprisoned, ' and RobsoI auceeeds'. ' A 'Oommittoo of Publio Safety has beon appointed. Tho Archbishop of Pari9 Iiub boen released through \- tho intervention of Count BiBmnrk. AI. Jules Favro is conferring with Count Bismark at Frankfort. Tho lutornationdl Exhibition -in London has boon opened by tbo Prinoo of WaleB. Tho' Goyornmont wore dofoatod atEpping Forrest («'e). .' . .. Tlio Woman's Suffrago Bill lias been defeated in tho Houso of Commons. ; ; , ; Tlio Admiralty linva approved of the Australian prceervod moat supplied to tho Navy. . , " Tho repot t of Dr. Livingstone's oafoty ,;aro - eon- firmod. "Wool sales havo improved through foreign ooru- potition. Low pricod and scoured hnvo advanced ono penny to ono ponny half-ponny por lb. Wheat is lowor. Tho Railway Company is paying largo sums to satisly demands by tho Communo. Thoro is violent oannonading to tho wost of Paris by tho Vorsailiists. . Fort Nouilly was : dostroyod. Olamnrt and Izzy woro oarriod at point of tho bayonet, A diBOuesion has ariBon i n tho RoiohBtadt .on tho annoxation of Alsace and Lorraine. Jount Bisuiark replied that tho Gorman Government wouid endea vour to gain tho sympathies of tho inhabitants. Tho Versailles troops havo unmasked a formidablo battery, thrcutoning Autonuil. Thoro line boon sovoro fighting betwoon Izzy and Vanvcrs. Alay 10. In tho discussion of a treaty amongst tho insur- gents, RosboI complained bitterly of want of support, and tendered his resignation. Consols, 93). . ALiy 11. A dieBonsion botweon tlio Communo and tho Con trol Committee has occurred. A Oommittoo of Publio Safety lino boon appointed by tho Communo, who ordorod a soiz'uro of tho goods and furniture bolonging to M. Minors, and tlio demolition of Iub houso. ' A Council of War will judgo RosboI, who was ar rested but nftorwnrds osonped. Gonoral do Suloz lias boon appointed Rosscl's suc cessor. Tlio Oldham oporatives havo rcsumod work. President Grant has submitted to tho Senate tho Treaty with England. (From the Bulletin.) The Philharmonic. — Tho concert givon Inst night at tho Sahool of Arts by tho mombors of tho abovo' Sooioty, in aid of tho Hospital, was numerously and fashionably attainted, and wont off with a spirit and eclat, entirely oiviiig to tho perforators, who woro on- thusiasticnlly. encored. It is invidious to pnrtioulariso ontortainmonts of this kind, and wo shnll moroly obsorvo that tho piaiioforto solo of Lee Deiuo Angee, " Oh 1 Say onco moro," and tho Quartotto of " Tho Two Roses," woro pro-aminontiy good. " Tho Gnnrd's Waltz," though admirably , played, lost much of its effect, from tho atrooious instrumont upon which it was played ; in fact, tho piano ratlior marred than mado, everything it accanipaniod ; wo lmvo ropoatodly urged upon tho publio tho propriety of a Borios of concorts boing givon for tho purposo of raising tho nocossary funds to proouro n good ono. " Oh 1 Could I touch, '"though woll sung, wantod breath and draggad, boing a littlo too loadod with oxprcssiou. " Havo You 8eon thoGhost, " with thoonooroof"Suaan'aSunday out," tiaklcd tho nudionoo amazingly, and woro warmly np- plaudod, and it struck us, from tho way thoy woro ro ooivod, timt thoy woro rolisliod quito ns muoh ns anything that preceded thom. Varioty isehnrming in programmes ns in other things, and a dash of humour tells with good effect. Ere concluding wo would obsorvo thnt " La Violotto," a pianoforte solo of Hortz's, though dnahingly playod, lost muoh of its chnraotor and affect from tho piano boing unequal to tho pieco'; howover tho publio will bo glad to hoar tliat ns a monotary speculation tho Concert was a 'success, although wo woro unablo to ascertain tha amount roooivod. Rookhampton Races. — Wo aro glad to soo that a movo has boon mado towards a Moot for July, and thnt tho members of tho. Rookhampton Jookcy Club hold a mooting at Cramp's Criterion Hotol: on Taosday .evening last, for tho purposo of appointing a Coin mitteo and receiving subscriptions — whon Mr. Cramp, Air. O. L. Johnson boing in tho chair, movod, Bocondod by Mr. Hogsflosh — " Thnt Messrs. Foez, Johnson, G09- sctt, Jnrdinq, Davis, Brookes, Lainbort, Soanlnn, nnd Callngiinn, bo appointed a Committee of managomont." Carried. " That Air. Cramp bo appointed Soorotnry i and Treasurer of tha Club, and an cx officio moinbor of tho Oommitteo." Tho retiring Secretary, Air. W. G. Jackson, wns awarded a vote of thanks fur liis past sorvico9, and tha sum of £35 collootod in. tho room from' thoso presoht; ' Wo trust tho townspeoplo will como forward liberally, and make our prizes something . . worth running for. \- Kat.ka Bridge. — Wo understand thnt Mr. Aldor man Nobbs has roooivod from tho Undor-Soarotary for Works a reply to tho petition for tho construction of. n bridge over Kalka Orcok, Mr. Horbort informing tho putilioners that tho mutter had bean considered by tho Dcpnrtmont, and tlio Engineor of Roads had been ordorcd to roport on tho sunic. adjourning. — Considoroblo dissatisfaction was ox. possod yesterday at his Honor Judgo Hirst ad journing tlio Court' both on Alondny and. Tuesday at 12 o'clock,' instead of, as is'.'usually- tho ease, at 1 o'olook — but, tho causo of his doing so is easily ex plained. Tlio jury impanallod to try St. Goorgo aftor boing olasatcd for an hour, stated in. answor to tlio' Bailiff timt thoy had not agreed, neither wcro thoy likoly to do so Upon inquiring, his Honor found that thoro wcro not suflioiont juryman toompannola sooond jury, ho therefore, in ordor that tho business of tho Goart might procood ns rapidly a possiblo, ndjournod till lo'clock. YcBtordayacuBCuouohidcdatI2o'alock,and it wns'suggostod by tho Grown Prosecutor, that as it wns tho only Griminnl Case loft, and might ocoupy a con siderable timo, it was bottor to adjonrn till 1 o'clock, as if -tho trial lasted moro. than an : honr, . tho jury would bo lockod up. Wo therefore considor his- Honor noted vory judiciously and ought to bo com- mondod rathor than blamod. . Exile AIaoiuni:.— Wo havo to call attention to tho salo of tho " Exilo Gold Qunrtz Crushing Mucliino," by order of tbo legnl manager, Air. Josopli Pattison, and now erected at Blackfoltow's Gaily, Morinish. Tbo inachino will bo offered to publio competition by Mossrs. Wormnld and Ourtis at tlio Oommorcial Salo Rooms, Dnnham-streot, to-morrow. Postal. — Nows wns received in town on Monday of tlio loss of tho Mnrlborough down mail. Whon near Marlborough tlio lod horso carrying tho bags mado a bolt, and, although tho mail man mado tho most do- torminod effort, to hold tlio animal, ho wns compollod at length to let go his hold, as his life was in tho most imminont danger; ho, from what wo can understand, having lmd a vory nnrrow osoapo of being strangled. Rosewood Diggings. — Tho nows from tho ubovo diggings continuo to bo of un improving chnraotor ; tlio mon m-o becoming moro satisfied tlint tlio rush will turn out botii rich and poriiiunont. Prospecting is procooding rapidly, and fresh ground is opened up daily. Two claims to our knowlodge yioldod lust wock ono. 14 and tho othor 15 ozs'., white tho discovory of' a very pretty nuggot, weighing 4ozs., considerably elevated I ho spirits of tho fortuno hunters. Alany parcels of gold havo boon brought into town lately, and >vo understand that tho Banks purohascd during last week somo 300 ozs. Altogothor matters look fa-, vorablo, and wo oxpcot to hoar in a fow days that a largo proportion of the mon aro upon payable gold. It is confldontly oxpaoted that rioh reefs exist in tho neighborhood. Petty Debts Court. — Wo aro roquostod to Btato that tho Potty Dobts Court is adjournod until 10 o'clock this day week, as it could not bo held without oonsidorablo inoonvonionco during tho sittings of - the' District Court. 