. SUNDAY DESECRATION. Wn noticed in the papers on Wednesday last that Thomas Bryant and Patrick Lynch had been prosecuted the day before, and fined five shillings each, for having "pursued their worldly calling on the Lord's day," to wit, in carting coals to a kiln. We quite approve of the police man's diligence in the matter, for, ir respective of the religious question of Sabbath keeping, it is the law of our country that that day shall be observed as a day of rest from " our worldly calling." .But there is a monstrous absurdity in this .prosecution in the face of the. gross Sab bath desecration all round. The law lias made an exception in favour . of publicans, \- which cannot in reason be justified, unless on the principle of helping the sale of drink, and pleasing the drunkards. But what exception is there in favour of tobacconists, fruit sellers, omnibuses, steamboats, and railways ? The police men who walk the city must be very blind, or much iess in favour of Sunday keeping than Inspector Taylor, since they may see, every Sunday, from morning until night, publicans breaking the Iiiay, notwithstand ing the partial exception' in their favour. The trade which is done all day, by the side doors, is very disgraceful and shameless. Then, there are fruit stalls and shops spreading their wares in all the public places, but no policeman sees them. Then, King-street has its row of Tobacco- nists shamelessly open, pursuing their " worldly calling," and yet no policeman sees them. Then, omnibuses shamelessly . advertise special trips to some part, and yet, no policeman sees- tlum. And on Sunday next, according to the papers, the Pelican steamer (which belongs; to the : Parramatta Steamers Company) will make a special excursion to Clontarf, at reduced fares, so as to tempt a large : increase of Sabbath breakers ! Yet no policeman will see this, and the. authorities will -be equally blind. Surely, this is gross in- consistency, and an open desecrationof the Lord's Day. The poor men who were carting coals . on Sabbath were breaking the law, and. were rightly fined ; but will \- noli the . proprietors, of the Pelican on Sun day break the law with still more public -. disregard and contempt? ' The authorities , unght to be.consistent. If we are to have excursions in this fashion our Sabbaths, in the suburbs and city will soon be . abolished. We are astonished at the Messrs. Moores who own Clontarf. If this thing is continued Clontarf will soon get the damaged name of Cremorne. Rem ; Rem ; Quocunque Mono, Rem. — The Proprietors o£ the Mail and Herald have, Ave read, become the Proprietors of Bell's Life in Sydney. Upon a little difference between a Reverend Doctor and the Rev. Mr. Graham, some time ago, Mr. Punch proposed that they . should settle it by a fight, in which he backed the Congregationalist. if that cannot be, it is within the range of possibility that one of the ' rev. gentleman's contributions to the Herald may slip into the sporting print, and be found side by side Avith the account of a bruising match. Perhaps the respected proprietors of those respectable papers will mollify and refine the literature of " sport," aud make it more de serving of their patronage. Perhaps they intend to originate a reformed sport and a reformed phraseology in connection Avith it. Perhaps gambling, betting, liorsiness, rat-killing, pigeon shooting, bruising, and their accompaniments, may no longer be the subjects, aud potato-traps, haud-baskets, claret, slock dollagers, &c.;, may no longer describe portions of the . human body, in the reformod page, as it Avill come purified from the hands of religious proprietors — but if so there is no doubt — it will not pay. Marriage of Minors. —The Rev. William Bailey, L.L.D., as registered in the books of his college, and elsewhere, until a very much later date, but recently known as the Rev. William Francis Xavier Bailey, and consecrated by Mr. Fawcctt and another, as Bishop of a sect which seems to be nearly all bishops, has been com- mitted to take his trial for marrying a boy of seventeen, knowing him to be under the age of twenty-one years, and without any consent of parents or guardians. We will not prejudice the case by any remark on its merits. We await the trial, and the evidence, and the ver- dict. But whatever the result be, whether Dr. Bailey be proved guilty or innocent, there is no doubt of the blame that attaches to successive Governments for leaving the important matter of marriage in the state in which it remains. The subject has been frequently brought into public notice. The Synod of the Church of England have specially remonstrated about the trap laid for perjury in the necessary affidavit, by which a youth of seventeen or a girl of thirteen may come and swear that there is no legal impedi- ment to marriage by reason of age, &c.; , and not have it even stated in the affidavit that the party is of the age of twenty-one. The boy and girl are expected to know the law, and they may even perjure themselves without knowing it. But such an alteration as the insertion of a de- claration of age, although an improvement, would not be sufficient. Young folks going to be married top commonly sign and declare whatever apparently routine form is set before them — they are not in a mood for examination or suspicion — mostly absorbed in each other, hence they leave all to the officiator ; sometimes, if things are not square, they are wilfully blind and deaf to the the forms they fill— they are forms and no more. But why put these perjury-traps in the way of young people, at such a time? Why let any thing depend on an oath ? Would it not be easy to require the officiator to have in each case a certificate from two magis- trates or respectable householders, that to the best of their belief, the party is of the full age of twenty-one years, or else the consent of the parent or guardian. A little more discrimi- nation, likewise, in the qualifying of men to officiate, would be desirable. There is some thing anomalous in the fact that Dr. Bailey has married over 400 couples in a year, although re- gistered as minister of a denomination whose entity it requires a powerful microscope to discover. What can be the attraction ? It cannot be cheapness, although the Dr. takes such care to explain by advertisement, that "there is no compulsory fees" — for there are none in the Church of England, and yet its couples come into his ark. We hope the Dr. does not desire the prevalence of a feeling among those who are somewhat ashamed of what they are doing, that his house is a con- gruous place for its arrangement. We hope not — but still remains the question, why do these four hundred couples leave their neighbouring ministers of their own denominations to be mar- ried by a strange minister of a microscopic sect, in his own house, his servant being witness and giver away? . Punch's specimen Literature foe Trollope. — We had not, for a considerable time, looked into the pages of that contemporary who is, by a cruel irony, called " facetious," until the S. M. Herald brought to our notice his address to Mr. Trollope. We then searched diligently, and found that both rhyme and prose had been called into the same service. We must say that both Avill doubtless afford Mr. Trollope (supposing that ho roads tliein) a very peculiar idea of Antipodean literature, unless he undeceives him self at once, as to the claim of Punch to repre sent it. The rhymer hopes that he brought "im partial eyes, and really means to sec Avith them. " If he has';' it is to be hoped he Avill Avipe his spectacles Avell when he finds these lines adapted to rhyme — ' " Our most distinguished batsman Avas a barber, Our Premier Avas a credit to bis pa, sir." We fully endorse tlie rliymster's first sentence in the last line but one — "These stanzas halt," but Ave fail to recognise their second claim in the same line, to "genial spirit." The lines are nearly as bad as anything we have ever seen even in Sydney Punch. Fling a few more of such doggrels at our literary visitor, and let him take this stuff for an Australian type, and he Avill be sure to be able "to say of us (in another sense) in the tender language of Dickens to America, ' No European sky Avithout, and no cheerful or Avell Avarmcd room Avithin, shall over shut out this land from my vision.'"' No, he Avill be for ever haunted by these horrible spectres of Mr. Punch's raising ; the stanzas Avill still halt, and' although Ave are not sure that " sAvcet pictures" have the effect of keeping anything " green," yet as Ave are assured by Punch, that they have that effect on the " memory," Ave doubt not Mr. Punch's Avriters and the never green bush to gether, will keep Mr. Trollope's memory brown. High Compliment to American Schools. — Earl De Grey and Sir Stafford Northcotc, Joint High Commissioners, a'isited the Franklin school house in Washington yesterday. In the course of brief addresses to the school, their language Avas a'cry complimentary. They acknowledge tlie superiority, both of the system and of the management, of our public schools over those of England. Earl De Grey, in particular, is well qualified to judge in this respect, for he has charge of the schools of England ; and, for the past ten years,, has taken great interest in the educational department of that country. This, compliment to the American school system 'is rendered still more significant, by tlie fact that tlie standard of excellence in the schools of the district of Columbia is not regarded as up to that of similar institutions in other parts of the Union. The endorsement gi\'.en by these gentle men to the superiority of our free system of education, Avill stand in strong contrast to the carping criticisms of those men Avho liavu en listed themselves in ungrateful attempts at imdermbuug and destroying its utility. — JVeio York Paper. Prussia and the Papaline— The government of Prussia stands out in opposition to Ultra- I montane claims in a fashion which England would do Avell to imitate. It appears that the teacher of religion at the Brauns- berg Gymnasium, Dr. Wollmann, refused to teach the new Vatican decree, and in conse quence the Bishop Avithdrew his license aud demanded his dismissal from the Government. In the answer which the Minister has sent to this request, the Bishop gets a most decided re buke, as the following extract will show : — "I have already informed your Episcopal Reverence, in my letters of March 27 and April 20, that I cannot acccede to the measures Avhich you haArc taken against Dr. AVollmann, on account of his position towards the decrees of the Vatican Council, any judicial action in reference to the public office held by him, that consequently ho must remain in the receipt of his official income, and that I could not think of putting hindrances in the_Avay of his imparting religious instruction. On this I must also iioav insist. Dr. Wollmann Avas iri due course regularly appointed as re ligious teacher Avith the consent of the Church, and to-d ay lie teaches the very same doctrine which ho taught with the consent of the Church before July IS, 1S70. To force him now to teaoli some thing different, or to disturb him in his office when he declines to do so, is Avhat the State has. no inclination to do." . In a very interesting report, furnished by the Greenock Young Men's Protestant Association, there is the following statement by tlie converted Canadian priest, the Rev. C. Chiniqtiy, Avliich still further displays the sanguinary and in tolerant spirit of the Papacy : — "The Pope believes that lie has a mysterious, a holy, but a most terrible mission to perform towards you Protestants. The Pope does not make a secret of that mission. He boasts of it ; and for more than a thousand years he proclaims it in every Avny. His mission is to curse your Bible and to destroy it every time he can lay his hands on it ; his mission is to blot ouc the Word of God from the minds ami intelligence of men, to make room for his traditions ; his missiou is to destroy liberty of conscience wlieu he will he able, oven if be should have to wade' knee deep in your blood to do it. Here is his law, as attested under oath, before tlie civil court' of Kankakee, by the recognised ambassador of Rome--' Let the secular powers bo Avarned - - that they publicly take an oath that tliey Avill study, in good earnest," to exterminate, to the utmost of their power, from the lands subject to their jurisdiction, all heretics denounced by the Church !' Some Roman Catholics having lately expressed their opposition to that infernal law Avcre publicly denounced and condemned in tho Council of Home, held last Summer. It has been declared, under the sanction of tho infallible Pius IX., that 'those avIio deny that tho Church of Rome has the power to punish, by bodily sufferings, tlie heretics, are cursed and for ever damned !' The Council of Latcran had explained what Rome means by punishing — it is to ex terminate. And if an j' of your readers has any doubt about these diabolical doctrines of Rome, let them look at the celebrated new Roman Catholic paper of NeAV York, called St. Peter. In the first number, page 5. they will see, Avith their own eyes, liow the assassination of Pritu is applauded. ' The new year promises to thin out tho crowd of political scoundrels; and first of all goes Prim, the Spanish king-maker. ' His ghost must now bo whispering in the oars of his Royal protege, " See Madrid and die !" The procession of the enemies of the Church to the next AVorhl has begun. Prim will" soon bo enj ly ing the company of all. ' Wliat do they mean by tlir.t short Avord ' all ?' The enemies of th Church ! Now, heretics and Protestants of th United States, these bloody Avords, mind it avcII, Avcre not Avritten in the dark ages of ignorance ; they were not Avritten in one of the obscure corners of Spain aud Mexico, Avbevo the light of this century has not been able to penetrate. They Averc Avritten in New York, the emporium city of the groat Republic, January, 1871 !" Such is the character of the huge system that our British statesmen pandor to and uphold, avIioso College at Maynooth has been re-endoweel out of the spoils of our Irish Protestant Church, and which- is seeking with all its tremendous agencies to obtain its old ascendancy, not only in this kingdom, but over thcAvliolc empire." — May 20, 1S71. 