? ME. JOHN TEMPLE SAGAR.—It will be seen from an article in this day's issue, extracted from the Argus, that Mr. John Temple Sagar, late of this colony, has been appointed a member of the newly-formed Ministry of Fiji. HUNTING.—Sportsmen are reminded that a meet of hounds takes place in Glynde to-day at 1.30 p.m., and previous to the throwing off the Club will transact business. ADELAIDE FOOTBALL CLUB.—Amatch between the North and South teams will be played on the football ground this (Saturday) afternoon. COLLEGIATE SCHOOL. — Mr. C. Piittmann, music master cf Prince Alfred College, has also been appointed singing master at the Collegiate School of St. Peter. LOCAL INDUSTRIES.—It appears from an advertisement elsewhere that the paper-bag manufacture, referred to in our columns a few days ago, can scarcely be called a new local industry, as it has been carried on successfully for the last five years by Mr. J. G. Forteath. BAND OF HOPE.—A meeting of the Franklinstreet Band of Hope was held on Friday evening, July 14, when the attendance was good, and the Rev. H. Fenton presided. Mr. J. A. Bagshaw spoke, and Master F. Curtin recited. The officers for the ensuing year were then elected. President, Rev. H. Fenton; Treasurer, MR.H.H. Tapscott; Secretary, Mr. W. P. Wetter; Committee, Messrs. Bagshaw, Head, Maughan, Foreacre. JUVENILE FLORAL SOCIETY.—Some few months ago a Society was established in connection with the North Adelaide Congregational Sundayschools to encourage the cultivation of flowers among the children belonging to the institution. The idea became very popular, and speedily nearly 100 juveniles enrolled themselves as members. A short time ago Mr. Heyne delivered to them a lecture upon the different modes of treating plants, and since then the Committee have been collecting floral contributions for distribution among the children. In this work they have beeD greatly assisted by Dr. Schomburgk, Mr. F. S. C. Driffield, Dr. Wylde, Mr. T. Graves, and other gentlemen, who have taken much interest in the Society, and some of whom have offered special prizes to be competed for at the Exhibition to be held in October next. On Friday evening, July 14, the flowers and shrubs that the Committee had collected were distributed to the youngsters, and a few simple directions given as to the way in which they should be treated. Something like 500 plants and 200 packets of seeds were equally divided among the members of the Society, and these, together with what they have themselves, will materially aid them in preparing for the approaching competition. The movement is, we believe, likely to be followed by other Sabbath-schools. SEAMAN DROWNED.—The master of the Secret, cutter, reports the loss of one of his seamen on Friday morning, when the vessel was off Corny Point. A fresh breeze was blowing, and Edward Perry man, a young man, having taken in the gaftopsail, was standing near the side of the craft, when the boomguy of the squaresail was carried away, and the deceased was knocked overboard by the boom. The vessel was at once put round, and the master caught the man's boot, but was unable to hold on, and the poor fellow sank. It is supposed that he was stunned by the blow. THE RIDDLEH.—This week's "Riddler" was published in yesterday's Register and Evening Journal. MISHAP.—On Saturday morning a son of Mr. Puddy, the Superintendent of the Permanent Way, was in the Locomotive Department holding a long bar of iron while another man was hammering it, when suddenly the striker was asked to stop, but, not hearing the request, brought down the tool as before, and it quite flattened one of Puddy*s fingers. The sufferer was sent to the Adelaide Hospital. TOWN HALLS.—Following the example of the people in Auburn, Clare, and other towns, the project of building a town hall is being mooted at Narracoorte, the Oddfellows chiefly taking up the matter. _A Company with a capital of £600 in £1 shares is the present proposal. EMPLOYMENT OP FEMALES.—A Melbourne paper says :—"The ladies are pushing their way into the colony. A few years back, at every restaurant and hotel in town roughhanded men were dispensers of the refreshment sought for the inner mail. Smiling Hebes are now to be found occupying their places, and proving ah agreeable change. The telegraph offices, according to Mr. Francis, are to be invaded by the ladies, and suave Mr. Turner will surely give them a welcome at the Post- OfKce. Lightly and deftly they will sort the letters, and will quench the inquisitiveness for which the daughters of Eve are proverbial. Ihe Board of Education is following suit in gmng a place for the ladies in their schools. At present only about one-third of the teachers in the colony are females, while in America out of ten teachers employed nine are females. An attempt is to be made to alter the proportion of female teachers, and in the coming year it is expected that a large number of young ladies will be engaged in instructing the youth of the colony. At present the supply of governesses exceeds the demand. This Sep on the part of the Board of Education will do much to remedy the evil. As . for the ladies themselves, we should imagine that they would much prefer the independence a teacher of a common school enjoys to the life manv a welleducated girl has to endure in families where the refined feelings are neither understood nor appreciated." And we see from a late New South Wales paper that "in reply to Mr. Grevilie, in the Legislative Assembly, Sir James Martin mentioned that the Government had no objection to ladies operating in the Telegraph Offices in New South Wales. This is what we have been recommending for small stations in the interior, where the operator is line-repairer, as in fetichcaSes when the line-repairer is away telegraphing must cease at such an office. A small salary might be allowed the wife of an operator in such a case for the convenience. In fact, well-conducted members of the softer sex, as women are' termed, might be employed in many occupations now engaging the attention of men." . INQUEST AT THE STOCKADE.—On Friday, July 14, Mr. T. Ward, J.P., held an inquest at the Yatala Labour Prison, with Mr. W. Rains as Foreman, on the body of an aboriginal known as Bookmark Jack. John Fisher, Medical Officer to the Prison, stated that deceased had been under his notice for a considerable time. His symptoms of lung disease assumed a serious character about three months ago, and the disorder gradually became worse. Had seen him almost daily for the last three months. He died of disease of the lungs—consumption. In the beginning of May reported the case to the Comptroller as likely to terminate fatally. By the Foreman—Attended, deceased as though he were a white man, He had everything he required, and had not done work for some time, witness thought for two months. Edward Bates Scott, Superintendent of the Prison, said Bookmark Jade was undergoing a sentence of imprisonment for life with hard labour. Deceased had been in the prison about two years and four months. Never considered him a very strong man. Had noticed his health failing for some time, and especially during the past four months. His attention was directed to this by the medical officer during the last two or three months. Deceased placed himself on the sick-list, and witness had no further power after prisoners did so except' as i to their escape. Knew deceased had necessary comforts during his illness. By the Foreman— Expected deceased's death. Dr. Fisher, recalled. By a Juror—Last saw deceased alive on the morning of July 12. Visited the prison on the 13th. Deceased was then dead. His decease was only a question or time; it was expected. The Coroner intimated that there seemed ample evidence to show the cause of death. Twelve of the Jury agreed with this opinion, but one thought that a prisoner should be called to give further testimony. The Coroner, as 12 out of a Jury of 13 did not consider this necessary, and thinking it undesirable to take up more time without need, did not, however, call other witnesses. The Jury then returned the following verdict after a few minutes' consideration :—" We believe that the deceased, Bookmark Jack, died of disease of the lungs, and not otherwise." The Jury, with two exceptions, requested the Coroner to attach the following rider :—'' That they consider deceased had been well attended to in prison." A.I.O.O.F. PICNIC.—The delegates appointed to carry out this affair met at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, July 14; P.P. G. F. Ind in the chair. Owing to another picnic being fixed for the date formerly arranged it was agreed to postpone their festival, and a letter from the Chief Secretary, grantingthe use of the Exhibition Building on December 28, was read. It was resolved to wind up the day's amusements with a ball. Various Sub-Committees were appointed, and the delegates adjourned, after deciding that future meetings should be convened by means of advertisements in the daily Press. DEATH OP MR. WILSON HARDY.— We have just been informed by Mr. Catchlove of the death of Mr. W. Hardy, of the well-known firm of Wilson Hardy & Co., Melbourne. The deceased, in connection formerly with the late Mr. H. H. Haussen, and more recently with tho firm of Haussen & Catchlove, has done a great deal to foster the export trade of South Australia in dairy produce, fruit, and cereals during the last 15 years, and his loss will be seriously felt. Mr. Hardy has many private friends in this colony, to whom his death will be a source of sorrow. He was in Adelaide about six months ago. SOMETHING LIKE A GHOST. — Mr. W. T. Tregilgas, a well-known resident of Sfcrathalbyn, writes to the local Press as follows:—"Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through a certain burying- ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight I rubbed my hand on the form and found that that portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen, and still not being satisfied I walked away and came back in about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form was there, so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning; but not being a believer in supernatural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, although many things have been advanced by people as the probable cause, but none that seems satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eyewitnesses of the sight." NORTHERN TERRITORY PHOTOGRAPHS.—It will be observed from an advertisement in another column that photographs of scenery in the Northern Territory can be purchased at Mr. J. Williams's, King William-street. They are from negatives taken by Captain Sweet, of the Gulnare, and are worth possessing, not only because of their execution, but the class of landscapes represented. The luxuriant foliage, which forms the chief feature in the views of "Stokes's Hill" and the "Jungle, twelve miles from Camp," is clearly brought out, and in the foreground of the latter picture are to be seen the figures of the Government Resident and several other persons. The views of " Fort Hill," the " Garden and King's Table," and the " Camp and Government Resident's House" give a good idea of the progress of settlement and the primitive style of architecture adopted in the Northern Territory. Altogether the series will well repay inspection. DEEP SEA FISHING.—Upwards of 120 fishermen belonging te Hobart Town and the districts bordering on the Derwent are (the Mercury states) constantly employed in deep-sea fishing. They find the fish so abundant that not only can they supply the local demand, but also export considerable quantities to the Victorian markets, where they meet with a ready sale, not only at Melbourne, but also at several of the inland towns, to which the fish immediately on its being landed is forwarded by raiL DEFACED COINAGE;—We are informed that close upon £1,100 worth of worn and defaced coins were received at the Treasury up to Friday, July 14, which was the last day of acceptance. PROPOSED EXPEDITION TO THE SOUTH POLE.— At a recent sitting of the Berlin Geographical Society (says the Pall Mall Gaztttc), Dr. Neumayer, who was for many years Director of the Observatory at Melbourne, read an interesting paper, proposing a new expedition to the South Pole. Dr. Neumayer brought forward various arguments in favour of his theory that the warm current from the tropical region of the Indian Ocean, which changes its course off the coast of Cape Colony, passes southward under the meridian of Kerguelen's Land, and probably reaches as far as the socalled Antarctic Continent, where it takes the place of the cold current which flows northward to the Persian coast. This fact, he said, would afford a valuable hint for the discovery of the so little known South Polar regions, and especially for reaching certain points in those regions, or in the neighbouring parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans, whence very valuable observations might be made of the transits of Venus in 1874 and 1882. In 1874 especially it will be of great importance to make observations from the southerly groups of islands in the meridian of the island of Kerguelen. These suggestions have created some discussion among the German astronomers, the principal of whom have during the last few weeks assembled at Berlin to make preparations for observing the next transit of Venus in 1874. DISMISSAL.—The case against the youth Daniels, who was arrested in Melbourne lately on a charge of larceny, was heard on July 12 at Moonta, and dismissed. The police then instituted a second charge of misappropriation as a bailee, but the result was the same, and the prisoner was discharged. 