THE WEEK'S NEWS. A PRIZE FOB CONNOISSEURS. — To sho w our winegrowers the value , of care in tending their wines, and the advantage of holding them until thoroughly matured, we may. mention that two dealers in Adelaide have recently purchased from Mr. John fieynell, of Reynella,- a quantity of white wine made by him at the vintage of 1852 from the Madeira grape for the high price of 28s. per gallon.' There are probably ;not many samples of wine, in the colony which have attained such a ripe old age. ■ -J. Post-Office at Clinton. — A deputation from the residents in the Hundred of Clinton, introduced by Mr. H. K. Hughes, M.P-, lately waited upou the Postmaster-General asking for a weekly mail. Mr. Todd expressed regret at -being unable to comply then, but 'offered to open a post-office on January 1, or to do this at once if the settlers in the neighbourhood would pay fhe cost of carrying their letters in the meantime. Mr. P. T. Kaine promised to ascer tain whether this could be guaranteed. The deputation then thanked the Postmaster General for his courteous reception, and Mr. Hughes for his services. Akt. — Mrs. Benham, of Kapunda, lately painted a fine copy of the London Art Union prize picture, ""The Jung Fiau," for Mr. Cameron, who showed it at the Kapunda Institute Exhibition. She has also executed a larger copy, which, it is stated, has been sold for £25, and this work of art is to be sent to China. Kapunda Institute.—-The total proceeds of the conversazione, exhibition, lecture, and con cert, in connection with the opening of the Institute new building at Kapunda, were £14 8s. lOd. Sudden Death.—On Thursday evening, July 20, Joseph Eniford, aged 60 years, a resident of Unley, died somewhat suddenly at his home. Dr. Clindening having certified that death resulted from natural causes an inquest will not be-held. Congregational Church, Poet Adelaide. —On Thursday evening, July 20, the Rev. F. W. Cox delivered his interesting lecture at this place of worship on " Notes of a visit to Eng land and the Continent during the Franco Prussian War." The attendance was limited, but this was in a great measure accounted for by attractions elsewhere and a special train to and from the City taking a number of Portonians. The Mayor (Mr. Formby) presided, and the choir sang seveial anthems, Mr. Cooke officiating at the harmonium. The collection in aid of the Building Fund was not very large. Signalling the English Matt.,—it hap pened that on the arrival of the last mail steamer from King George's Sound that the barque Jeanie Louttit was in the anchorage, and the master has written to his agents, com plaining that no rockets, blue-lights, or guns were discharged from the share station in answer to those of the steamer. The disinterested cap tain was doubtless moved by good intentions in making his suggestion that there should be a response; but that is not required, and the present system of boarding the mail steamers is the result of nearly 20 years' experience in the Gulf. The general arrangements are as follows; —The steamer, on passing Troubridge Island, shapes a course for Glenelg, where the letters and important packages via Brindisi" are landed. She then proceeds to the Semaphore, where no answering night-signal is made from the shore, but the boat which puts off gains a position in the steamer's course, and burns a flash light to indicate where she is. This plan is found to be the best: and as to the rise of rockets or guns, they would not for one moment facilitate the discharge of the mail. It is somewhat angular that the suggestion relative to this matter should spring from the source that on a former occasion complained of the red light at the jetty end being extinguished, and from enquiries it appears to be of almost equal value. Febe.—-On the morning of July 17 a" fire occurred in Mr. James Smith's stable at Farrell's Flat, by wbich the owner lost all bis harness, but two horses, besides the racer May Ely, were saved. The building was of stone, with a thatched covering. The cause of the fire has not been ascertained. Mjktabo Agricultural Society.—A meeting was held recently at the Mintaro Hotel—Mr. T. Priest presiding—to forma Farmers"Club, when, after some discussion, it was resolved that such an Association be started. The rales of the Mount Gambier Club, which had been forwarded by the Secretary, were read to guide the pro jectors in framing regulations. Messrs. P. Brown, G. Faulkner, A. Trilling, E. Dempsey, J. Brown, C. Piper, M. Millaue, P. Kelly, P. Howlev, J. Evans, and J. Smith were then con stituted the Committee. Tasmanian Agriculture.—The Government statistics of Tasmanian agricultural and live stock returns for 1870 have been published. The estimated surplus of wheat and flour on April 1, 1871, is set down at 328,130 bushels, as against 316,948 last year. The produce of the crop of 1870-1 was only 896,881, as com pared with 1,004,579. It is estimated that this season there will be 3,000 acres less in cultivation than there was last year. The total number of acres under wheat was 57,382; barley, 7,617; oats, 30,946; pease, 4,538; beans, 490; tares, 280; potatoes, 9,823; turnips, 1,352; carrots, 137; mangold wurtzel, 1,079; onions, 83; artificial grass, 1,576; hay, 33,612; tobacco, 124; hops of one year old, 56|; two year old, 142; and three years old and upwards, 443J; gardens and orchards, 5,962; in green forage, 2,098; in permanent artificial grasses, 82,197; under bare fallow, 26,124; all other cultivated laud, 64.526; total land in cultivation, 330,257 acres; new land in process of being broken up under rotation of crop, 39,162. Of barley there were gleaned 161,729 bushels; oats, 691,250; pease, 79,399; beans, 10,631; tares, 6,937; potatoes, 36,028 tons; turnips, 8,342 tons; carrots, 1,204 tons; maDgold wurtzel, 13,404 tons; and ODions, 424 tons. Of artificial grasses and seeds, 20,974 bushels; hay, 40,763 tons; tobacco, 250,047 lbs.; hops, 746,820 lbs.; apples, 147,614bushels: and pears, 27,553 bushels. In Fingal 982£ cwt. of butter and 3,389 cwt. of cheese were made, and 181 cwt. of bacon cured. At Deloraine 94 acres in linseed yielded 5,248 lbs., worth 2d. per lb., and small quantities were grown also at Oatiands, Glamorgan, and at Port Sorrell; 11,993 acres of wheat were reaped, by ma chinery, as compared with 3,685 last year, and 45,389 by hand. The average produce per acre of wheat was 15*92 bushels, the highest return being from Campbell Town (2477), and the ^lowest from George Town (11-19). The average of barley was 22-44 (highest 33*86, from Franklin, and the lowest 16-19, from Oatiands); oats, 22*79 (highest 36*79, Campbell Town, and lowest 15-46, Sorrell). The average of potatoes was 3-41 tons, Deloraine being highest and Clarence lowest; Glenorchy and Eorton gave by far the best (16 and 15 tons respectively), and Campbell Town by far the worst (one ton) of turnips. Of carrots Delo raine . gave the very high average of 22-67 tons, while Sorrell gave only 4*36. At Long ford three tons of tobacco were got from half an acre of ground. Of horned cattle the increase was 6,362 head, but the number of sheep decreased by 181,412. The number of the sheepowners who washed their sheep in warm water had increased from 49 to 249, and those who washed in the grease by 173. Encouragement to Sericulture in Madras. -A late number of the Pioneer bf India says :— •The Government of Madras, with a view to encourage and develop the silk trade in that Presidency, has authorized the Board of Revenue to allow waste lands to be taken up for mulberry cultivation rent-free for two years. Sericulture has been engaging the attention of the Madras Government for some time, and this concession has been granted at the suggestion of the Collector of Coimbatore, who has lately submitted a very hopeful report upon the subject." Australian Meats. — Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. have published in Melbourne the annexed extract from a letter sent to the firm by an old^ Australian squatter, remarking that they are induced to do so by exaggerated re ports of the stagnation in the preserved meat market having gained currency. The tinned article is getting into favour with the working classes notwithstanding the reported failure of forced sales by auction:—"Cattle are very high here, and graziers say meat will hold its price. A fortnight ago at Market Harboro' Fair some store cattle sold as high as £34 and £36 per head, and the average of the sales were from £22 to £28 per head for well-bred cattle. Welsh and Scotch were lower, say from £15 to £18; these cattle are animals that would hardlv be looked at in your market, and would at the outside make 50s. to 60s. in 1869, when I was there. The tinned meat still commands a ready sale, as well as the ' extract,' and my informant, who is a grocer in a large way in Leicester, sells a large quantity amongst the manufacturing: people and operatives of the town. Woollen manufactures, elastic web, hoot and shoe trades are the chief articles of manufacture, and the population, by the census of this year, ap proaches 90,000 souls. Should the price of meat continue to keep up, I think we may fairly reckon that our tinned meat will get such a hold on the market that it will be difficult to shake it off, and the graziers and farmers here are frightened at the uarae of Australian meat, as they think it sure to bring down prices. But it is quite a mistake; the people that buy our meat would go without, because they cauuot afford to give such high prices as are current now in England for the meat at the butchers' shops - therefore the two classes do not clash." ' Football.—A match will be played on the North Park Lands this (Saturday) after noon between the Adelaide and the Alberton, and Queenstown Clubs. The, Concordia Band will be in attendance. The following are the players : — Adelaide Team (blue)—Aldridge, Anthony, Brock, Burgan, Conigrave, Carruthers, Dalton, Elery, Elphick, Fitch, Harrison, Higgins, Jackson, Masters, Perkins, Sanders, Sharpe, Sparks, Spicer, Trimmer, Wyly, Alberton and Queenstown Team (pink)—Blain, Counsell, R. Darling, J. Darling, Dempster, Dowsell, A. Formby, C.Formby, Grandfield, Le Messurier, Martin, Parker, Risely, A. Saunders, W. Saunders, T. Sinclair, J. H. Sin- clair, Stone, Wade, Williams. Southern Crops.—We learn that the late strong winds have on Hindmarsh Island and in some parts of the Port Elliot neighbourhood so blown away light soils that to a large extent the wheat roots are exposed. On agricultural affairs lbB' SovtJia% Arffut reipaikB:—*♦ We ; regret to "hear that the recent noriherly gales have done a large amount ef damage tothe crops on the plains, especially on the lighter description of : soil..; In. several places many acres have been rooted up by the wind, jand in other places buried bythe sand; the hot blast - has also seriously injured the growing crops hi other places." Whaling.—The . Crinoline, schooner, after being idle for some,tame, is agamm commission, having been chartered for a .short. period to • cruise on the coast of Encounter Bay in conjunc tion with the shore whalers... On several beca sions lately cetacea-have been seen, but forwant of a vessel it was not practicable to pursue the monsters any distance. This obstacle will be now removed, and the Crinoline may be instrn-; mental in resuscitating successful ^whaling opera tions. . Chapter of Accidents. —The Southern press mentions that on Sunday as Mr. Menmuir, of Strathalbyn, was driving from Meadows to Macclesfield, with Messrs. G. Lambert and it-. Fothergill, the vehicle, coming in contact with a stump, upset, and had the shafts. broken and suffered other damage. ; After bandaging the shafts, Mr Lambert started aloue, and going down hiH the trap went on the horse's haunches, causing the beast to kick, upon which the driver jumped out, and the animal rushed .on till stopped hy some obstacle, when the conveyance became a complete wreck. Mr. Lambert sus tained a severe contusion on the head,-and. had to secure Dr. Fergusson's services. Lately Mr. John MeNama, of Paris Creek, fell from horseback on bis head, became. insensible, and lost blood through his nose and ear. After getting home serious symptoms set in, and Dr. Fergusson, on the 16th, found that considerable injury bad been sustained; the patient is, however, progressing favourably. On the' 14th, while Mr."John Jamieson,of Bull's Creek, was going down Flagstaff Bill, his dray upset against a stump, but coming , in contact with a portion of the road did not bury the driver, who, however, will, by the shaking he got, be prevented from working for some days. Vehicle Accident. — Oh Tuesday night during intense .darkness, while Mr. H.D. O'Halloran, of the National Bank, Port Ade laide, was driving a light buggy down the South-road, he suddenly came into collision with one of Simms & Chapman's vans. The buggy was broken and the driver thrown violently to the ground, where . he received severe kicks from the honse, which was entangled with the harness. After a few seconds- the" wreck was cleared, and, though, bruised, Mr. O'Halloran was fortunate in escaping without further mishap. The van was uninjured. Brandy Thieving.—Humours of strange deal ings with cast* brandy have gone the round at Port Adelaiiio, and the Customs "authorities seem to have been for the time nonplussed. The ever-vigQant water-police who were on the alert have meanwhile made the only-, discovery worth much in connection with the affair. Several of the oversea vessels that have discharged cargo lately at the Port have been short of their proper quantity of brandy. In some instances two, three, and even five cases have been missing. It seemed reasonable enough to suppose that if the crews pilfered ear 50 of such a nature -some of the men would become intoxicated with the plunder, and therefore the theft was supposed to be the work of people on the docks in Eng land. For some time, therefore, the police were thrown off the scent.. One of the water force was rowing past the Queen's Wharf a day or.. two back, ana in the clear water saw a case' sub merged. He hooked it, and on drawing the box to the surface imagined from the weight that he had found a valuable prize; but inspec tion showed it to be one of the brandy cases ___ which had caused so much enquiry to be nMfde, and a little more search revealed another not far distant. The cases had been carefully weighted with iron chain so as to .prevent their floating. There were no marks to identify the goods with any particular ship, though it is pretty evident they belonged to the missing lot. The idea that the robberies were committed in London C has been dissipated, audit is expectedthat a day or tvio will throw more light on the subject. ■ Tinned Meats. —The Meat Company at CoIac, Victoria, are pursuing. their operation with, vigour. They have hitherto been preserving only rabbits and kangaroo, large quantities of which they have forwarded to England; "They have now commenced preserving beef, -baring purchased a mob of cattle from Mr. William Robertson, of Colac. The Outward Mail Steamer.—The R;M.S. "Rangooh, Captain N. J, Skottowe, arrived in Hobson's Bay from Sydney nearly. a tuff day beyo,nd ber usual time, the prolongation of the passage having arisen from the terrific rough weather, which was described by the captain and officers as most unprecedented for its violence. The late hour at which the Rangoon arrived in Hobson's Bay did not leave her suffi-' eient time" to take on board her passengers, mails, gold, specie, and cargo, and then go down the Bay again, so as to be clear of the Heads before night. In consequence of her draught of water she could only nave left the Bay by the South Channel, and by that route could not have got through before night; therefore it was decided to retain . her at her anchorage in Hobson's Bay till morning. Shu-will therefore only be about 12 hours beyond her time. The following is the list of her passengers from Melbourne:—For. King George's Sound—Mr.F" and Mrs. Hassell, Mr. Hillman. For Calcutta— Mr. Johnson. For Hongkong—Mr." Sampson. For Suez—Mr. C. J. Wright. For Brindisi— Mr. Chirnside and Mr. Roche. -For Southamp ton—Mr. Bolum, Mrs. Wilkie, two infants, and servant Kadina, Wallaroo, and Moonta Railway. —The report and balance-sheet of the "Kadina., Wallaroo, and Moonta Railway, and Pier Com pany for the half-year ending Jane 30 have been printed. The receipts from carriage and wharfage amount to £13,432 7s. lid., and, after deducting the charges, the net profits are set down at £6,026 4s. Id. The Directors state that, the Government have not sent any reply to the request made in November last for permission to extend their line to Moonta Bay; and they have therefore recently made a fresh, appli cation, with deposit of plan of this and other extensions made or contemplated. Mr. Mar shall, the Manager, reports a steady increase in the traffic, with the lines and rolling-stock in good order and condition. Various improve ments have been effected during the half-year, and " a new branch line has been completed to the Yelta Mine, and a supply of rails purchased and received at Wallaroo sufficient for nearly five miles of further extensions when necessary." Philharmonic Society.—The annual meeting of the Adelaide Philharmonic Society was held on Thursday evening in the Town Hall Refresh ment-room. Captain Scott, Chairman of the Committee, presided, and about 80 members were present. A list of nominations of officers for the ensuing year was submitted and revised. The meeting then adjourned for a week to allow further time for an audit of the accounts. Railway Mishap.—On Tuesday, as the 11 a.m. passenger -truck to Port Victor was crossing the viaduct over Watson's Gap, a blinding flash of lightning frightened one horse, which shied, and rushing against the other knocked it down. Mr. C. Wilson, who was the only passenger, feeling the truck rise, and being afraid of being thrown over the viaduct,- imme diately jumped off the coach. Unfortunately, the truck having no light, and the night being pitch dark, he could see nothing; but on feeling about he discovered that the carriage had partly gone over the prostrate horse, and was off the line. He at once cut the harness, releasing the horse, and went to Port Elliot for assistance. Four or five men went with him to the spot, put the truck right, and sent it on to Port Victor with! the mails. The beast that was thrown down received severe injuries in. the shoulder, and seme time will elapse before it is fit for work. Roman Catholic Grammar School.—It is stated by the Irish Harp of July 15 that "on Sunday evening last His Lordship the Bishop announced from the pulpit of S. Francis Xavier's Cathedral his intention to establish a Diocesan Seminary in Adelaide, to be couducted under his own immediate_ supervision, for the purpose of affording Catholics an opportunity of procuring a professional education for their sous." The paper quoted remarks:—"As this will supply a want which has long been felt, we have nodoubt the announcement of His Lordship's intention will be hailed with satisfaction by CatUolia parents throughout the diocese." : The Licensed Victuallers.—An adjourned meetingof publicans was held at the Freemasons' Tavern onThursday evening-, July 13. Present —18 per sons. Mr. D. Lithgow, who presided, said the deputation which was appointed at the previous meeting had called at Mr. Tuxford's, Cut had not been able to see him. He, however, left word with his barman that he would not agree to raise the price of beer. Mr. Thomson, «f the King's Head, had also expressed h»s determination not to do so. The Chairman therefore advised that the brewers should be asked if; they would reduce the price of ale 10 per cent. He had from the first thought that the concession should come from them, as malt" and hops had decreased so much in cost of late years. If the licensed victuallers did not succeed in their request, they should then endeavour to start a - co-operative brewery, to ! sell beer at Is. 4d. a gallon. He had been ; informed by one gentleman that he would con- i tribute £500 towards the project, and he per sonally would give £100, provided four or five ! others did the same. Af^er referring to the short measure, which he stated they got from the brewers, he said that, in self-interest, they should gauge their beer to see that they. obtained the proper quantity, for what with not getting this, the waste, and over-draught, instead of receiving, as a writer in the Advertiser ; said, 33$ per cent., they made not more than 12 per cent, on beer. Mr. Clinch stated that he had not initiated the recent movement amply on his own account, as had been supposed by many, but he had the co-Operation of several from the beginning. After some discussion, in •which much regret was expressed at the way in which the movement had been met by certain licensed victuallers, ,it was, because of this aetion, resolved, on the motion of Mr. Campion, seconded by Mr. Denny, - that the resolution arrived at by the last meeting for raising the price of beer be declared void. A de putation, consisting of Messrs. Lithgow, Woltmann, Denny, and A. Hubble, were appointed to wart upon, the brewers, to seek a reduction in the price to publicans,,it being generally stated that Is. 4d. instead of Is. fid. would afford ample profit to the former. Some conversation followed, in which it was remarked by several that whilst the measures used by publicans were tested by the Corpora tion officers, those of the brewers were subject to no inspection whatever, which was not dealing out equal justice to all parties. A hope was ex- j pressed that this grievance would_ be speedily remedied by the City CouncO, but in case it was not, some speakers pointed out that the remedy lay in the publicans' own hands. The deputa tion were instructed to draw the attention of the brewers to this matter, and to the unfairness of supplying private people with five-gallon kegs at the same price as beer was sold to the publicans. Thanks to the Press and Chairman closed the meeting. The Jungfrau.—There is now on view at the Adelaide Photographic Company's studio the £100 prise that was won by Mr. J. Elliot, of j Kapunda, at the London Art Union's drawing for 1870. It is an oil painting by Sydney Hodges, entitled "Jungfrau, from the road to Miirven," and is certainly a fine work of art. Jungfrau, which signifies "the" maiden," is a mountain of the Swiss Alps, nearly 14,000 |eet in height, and is surrounded on all sides by rocks and precipices, capped with perpetual snow. The artist has succeeded in producing a splendid representation, not only of the mount itself, hut of some accessory scenery and details, which impart variety and complete ness to the picture. On the left there is a small hill with noble pines growing on it, and upon a rustic bridge, which spans a stream that runs down the slopes, a tourist with guide-pole in hand stands in the attitude of contemplating the glorious scene before him. At the base are two other figures of Alpine travellers, and immediately in front Is the great Jungfrau itself, standing forth in all its massive mggedness, and with the exquisite tinting that the sun alone can produce. The painting, which measures three feet four inches by four feetg is to be disposed of on the Art Union principle. It is a great pity that we have no art gallery in the colony, for the picture is certainly one that would do such an institution credit. Agricultural Areas.—Selections of land were made as follows from July 13 to July 20, at ?g!2. per acre, 10 per cent, deposit:—Area Narridy, County Victoria—Sections 13, 130, 131, James Grace, 331 acres; 20, 92, 93, 94, -John Dixon, S98; 22, 76, 77, 78, 79, Robt. Geo. Cruttenden, 610; 29, 95, 122, 123, Norman "Wheaton Brice, 420; 31, 32, 84, 103, James -Murphy, 610; 34, 99, 100, Patrick KQdea, 380; 72, Martin McAuley, 199; 85, John McCornick, 165; 96, 97, 119, 120, 121, Thos. Crowley, 589; 59, 60, Matthew O'Halloran, 364; 26, John McCornick, 103; 89, 101, Henry Coombe, 217. At £1 per acre:—Area Broughton, Hundred Bed Hill—173,184,186, Geo. Dunn, 489. Hundred Boucaut—156, F.G. Taylor, 121. Area Troubridge, Hundred Mel vflie—335, Jas. O'Brien, 100; 199, Wm. Henry Hickman, 219; 217, Edmond O'Sullivan, 317. Area Belalie, Hundred Belalie—121, 324, Jas. Gallery, jun., 574; 158, 321, Michael Cralty, 432\. The following have purchased under private contract:—Hundred Ayers—533, Jas. Mclnnes, 250\. Hundred Neales—46, Johann Schmidt, 333\. Hundred Waterhouse—ill, John Suding, 94\. Hundred Alma—787, Thos. Long, 160. ' Hundred Andrews—379, Allan McAskill, 419. Hundred Dalkey—124, Peter Chigwidden, 180. Hundred Grace, 591, Josiah Bowe, 155. Hun dred-Brewer—546, Thos. Foster Robinson, 125. Hundred Mobilong, 90, FerdinandHajiensler,182. Insurance of Riveb-bobne Goods.—The Insurance Companies have, the Southern Argus learns, yielded to a certain extent to the re monstrances of the steamboat owners as regards allowing the steamers to take only one barge at a time, and it will be left to the discretion of Captain Dale, the Nautical Surveyor, to permit' two or three barges, according to the capacity of the vessel, to be taken' as far as the Murrum bidgee Junction. The Curacoa.—His Netherlands Majesty's war frigate Curacoa will stay at Sydney a short time, and then proceed to the northern ports of Queensland, the coast of North Australia, and probably a portion of the north-west coast of Australia. Afterwards she will return to Batavia, where Mr. Ploos Van Amstel will re ceive further orders respecting the expedition to New Guinea. The Curayoa herself will not be the vessel in which the expedition to New Guinea will sail, but some other ship will be employed. Ammonia fob Toothache. — Mr. Henry Stephens, of Robe, confidently recommends ammonia as a cure for what Burns called the "hell o' a' diseases." He suggests that any one who suffers intensely from the pain should at once go to a chemist's shop, or some other place where Liq. Am. Fort, is kept ia bulk, and inhale from a huge jar, the bigger the better; but certainly the sufferer will need to act cautiously, as the drug is strong and stupifying. The writer, speaking from personal experience and success in curing other people, although not guaranteeing that in all_ cases ammonia will answer, tells that in most instances it gives in stantaneous relief, and even in the most severe attacks, resulting in a recurrence of the agony for three or four hours, another application affords ease, and keeps down inflammation of the gums. Our correspondent strongly advises that people subject to toothache should keep a few pounds of ammonia in a jar always in their houses, the writer remarking that in bulk the article is not expensive. _ To an exchange paper seme one communicated the following, recom mending the same remedy, with a different form of application:—"If any of our readers suffer from toothache, or neuralgic affections arising from teeth in any state of decay, they may experience relief instantaneous and perma nent by saturating a small bit of clean cotton or wool with a_ strong solution of ammonia, and applying it immediately to the affected tooth. The pleasing contrast instantaneously produced sometimes causes a fit of laughter, although a moment before extreme suffering and anguish prevailed. I have used the remedy for over one year, and have obtained sufficient proof to warrant publication." Postal Questions.—A telegram in this -week's Observer states in effect that per the outgoing mail a communication would be forwarded by the Victorian Government to their Agent-G-eneral, asking Mm to obtain further information relative to the Cape mail route, and alto to ascertain whether the Imperial Govern ment would be inclined to grant any subsidy in support of a postal service by such a linn of steamers. A Melbourne paper also states that Mr. Duffy "has received a telegram from the Governor of South Australia, notifying that ac the end of two years that colony will cease to contribute to the P. & O. Company's service. It is therefore considered not improbable that at the expiration of that period the whole burden of that lkie will fall on Victoria. The Govern ment of this colony has received propositions for two services via San Francisco—one from the colony of New Zealand, and the other from a private firm." Industrial.—The Ministry of the sister pro vince have appointed Judge Bindon (Chairman), Captain Cole, M.L.C., Dr. Bleasdale, Dr. Black, Dr. von Mueller, Messrs. Phflipps, M.L.A., Paul De Castella, Hodgkinson, and JBrough Smith a Royal Commission, to consider the establish ment of new industries, the preservation of the forests, the utilization of the labour in industrial schools anH reformatories, and the establishment of an economic departcipnt in the Melbourne Botanic Gardens. The Overland Telegraph. —In another column we give a list of the men selected by Mr. Patterson to proceed with him to Port Darwin. In addition to these tearqsters will be engaged in the other colonies where the teams are purchased. Sir. Patter son expects to leave Adelaide by the 25th instant, and will join the Omeo, which has been chartered to leave Melbourne shortly after that date. The ship Antipodes has also been chartered to sail from Sydney as speedily as possible with cattle and teams. Mr. Boss has reached Sydney, and will expedite matters there as much as he can. The Treasurer left Mel bourne on Tuesday for Adelaide in the Aldinga. The Overland Telegraph. — Matters in connection with Mr. Patterson's expedition are being pushed on rapidly. A telegram was received on Wednesday from Mr. R. D. Boss in Sydney, stating tnat he had purchased some cattle, and negotiations in respect to two or three fresh vessels are proceeding with a view to chartering one or more of them. Mr. Todd is anxious that Mr. Patterson and his men should leave next week without fail, and Mr. Patterson is directing all his efforts to accom plish this. Mr. Walter Butt, from the Engineer in-Chiefs Office, goes with him, but it is uncer tain whether Mr. McMinn will accompany the expedition or not. f APPLE Blight.—The Standard says:—"Every one knows that this disease is spreading with alarming rapidity in the South-Eastern District, and hitherto, as we learn, no remedy has been found to be thoroughly effectual. A corre spondent kindly sends us an intimation that the application of sulphur and lime meets the case, but we are not yet aware of the proportions of these ingredients to be used, or the method of their application." Insurance.—We have received from Mr. L. A. Jessop, Adelaide Agent for the Queen Insurance Company of London and Liverpool, the 13th annual report of that body. During the year policies for £132,505, yielding in new premiums £3,983, have been effected. In the fire branch the premiums (less rein surances) reached £139,809, and the losses paid out and outstanding £86,953, or 62*2 per cent. The life Assurance Accumulated Fund stands at £129,132—a sum equal to 48*8 per cent, of the entire net premiums received since the formation of the Company. The Fire insurance Reserve Fund amounts to £86,920; the Annuity Fund to £7,889. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week %nded Saturday, the 15th of July, were:—Births—21 males, 25 females; deaths—12 males, 2 females; total—46 births, 14 deaths. Excess of liirths, 32. Drat Accident.—On Wednesday, at Tus more, Thomas Clark was leading a horse attached to a dray, when the animal became frightened and knocked him down, a wheel then passed over the man's thigh. Clark was received at the Adelaide Hospital in the evening,< but the injury was not considered serious. Sulphur tor Ulcerated Sore Throats.— Several instances have lately come under the Mount Gambier Standard?s notice of the efficacy of sulphur in the cure of ulcerated sore throat, when promptly administered. As a speedy remedy, its merit is highly spoaen of; whilst being of ready access, it is valuable to the resi dents in the bush who have no means of obtaining medical assistance. The best method of applying it is said to be by means of a quill, through which the powdered sulphur is blown into the affected throat. The High Tide at Port Augusta.—On Monday there was the highest tide that has been seen at Port Augusta by white men. The sea was some height over the jetty, and several cellars in the town were flooded. Some houses were also swamped, and the dwellers in them were obliged to remove, among the number being the family of the Bev. Mr. Stoyel and Mr. H. Massey's household. ' The waters were at their highest about 7.45 p.m.—a time considered quite late enough. The Tide at Port Adelaide.—On Monday the Port was visited by an extraordinary tide— one as high as when the famous inundation occurred. The water surrounded the houses on Lefevre's Peninsula bank, ran over several wharfs, and flowed until nearly 6 p.m. The embankments stood the test admirably, and no danger was apprehended, nor was damage done. Sudden Death.—At German Flat, in the South-East, oh July 12, Samuel Stone, a carpenter, who was subject to fits, after taking1 a walk with a Mend, went homeward, and must, it seems, have on the way suddenly fallen down dead. The body was not found till next day, when the person in whose company deceased had last been discovered it while he was kangarooing. At an inquest held by Mr. C. G. Doughty, J.P., the verdict of died by a visita tion of God was returned. The Bev. D. J. H. Ibbetson.- Men of all creeds and classes will sincerely regret to hear that although the respected incumbent of St. John's, who has been in a very weak state for some time, lingers still, his friends entertain the gravest fears as to the result of his illness. The Port Darwin Telegraph Station.— Mr. J. A. G. little arrived from Guichen Bay by the Penola, en route to the Northern Terri tory. He for some years has been the Station master at Robe, and latterly the head of the amalgamated Customs and Telegraph Depart ments there. In all his duties he showed zeal and attention as an official and courtesy to the public. For some years before going to Robe Mr. Little was stationed in other parts of the South-Eastern District, and he has left many friends in those localities who heartily con gratulate him on his preferment to the head of the Telegraph Department in the. Northern Ter ritory and the Government in the selection of so worthy an officer. Moonta Land.—The Peninsula paper has learnt" that the Government survey party now at Moonta has surveyed several blocks of land, some of as much as 500 acres each, for which application has been made at the Crown Lands Office. These are wanted for agricultural pur poses; and from this, and other facts that have been reported, it appears certain that the pursuit of agriculture will be much more general in the mining district of Yorke's Peninsula than it has been.. The same organ says:—" From some cause or other a very different policy has been observed in the survey of blocks of land for occupation licences in the vicinity of the Moonta Mines, to that which obtained when the survey was made near to the Wallaroo Mines. A con siderable area has been surveyed near to the Moonta' Mines, at the back of the Cemetery Flat and of East Moonta, just skirting the in inhabited porton of the district, and containing some of the most fertile land in the neighbour hood, admirably adapted for occupation or resi dential purposes. There can be no question it will eagerly be taken up after it has been gazetted; and, indeed, many of the townspeople would be only too glad to take some of the blocks merely for garden purposes. The situa tion is dry, the facilities for drainage or for the storage of surface water very great, and the soil is known to be very fertile—indeed, so fertile that much of a similar character has been carted into the township, at one time or another, to form the surface of gardens. Such a survey will be, as the Legislature intended, of great value to the mining population; and the occupation of the land will tend very much to render miners less nomadic in their habits, and more fixed than they were. Mr. John Temple Sagar.—It will be seen from an article in this day's issue, extracted from the Argus, that Mr. John Temple Sagar, late of this colony, has been appointed a member of the newlv-formed Ministry of Fiji. Is it True?—A correspondent of the Plea sant Creek paper says that "since last season over 100 Germans, many of them with families, have travelled from Adelaide to Horsham, with the view of settling down in that locality. A large number of them possess sufficient means to start in farming, and as they are all men who have followed the occupation in the sister colony, they are thoroughly conversant with the best systems requisite herein view of the exigen cies of the climate. If these families give a favourable report of the ground and climate a large number will be induced to follow, so that before long quite a colony of Germans is expected to settle on the lands in that neigh bourhood." Viceregal.—His Excellency the Governor held a meeting of Council on Thursday morning, at which all the Ministers wero present except the Treasurer. The Synagogue Building Fund.—We under stand that the net proceeds of the two concerts given in aid of the Synagogue Building Fund amounted to £77 9s. lid., which sum has been handed to the Treasurer by the Hon. Secretaries, Messrs. S. Barnard and J. M. Solomon, Jun. Viceregal.—On Saturday evening last His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fer gusson entertained the following ladies and gentlemen to dinner at Government-House:— His Excellency Mr. DuCane and the Hon. Mrs. DuCane, Lieutenant -Colonel the Hon. W. Feilding {Coldstream Guards), the Speaker and Lady Kingston, Mr. Justice Wearing and Mrs. Wearing, Mr. Cavenagh, M.P., and Mrs. Csvenagh, Mr. George Hamilton, Mr. Randolph Stow, Q.C., and Mrs. Stow, the Rev. Canon Fair, Mrs. and Miss Farr, Mr. and Mrs. F. Grey Smith, Mr. Chas. Chichester, and Mr. Turton. Afterwards Lady Edith Fergusson entertained a small party. Accident to Captain Orchard.—During the voyage of the Pekina, when north of the line, Captain Orchard was one day descending from the poop to the main deck when he trod on a fragment of grease, which caused his ancle to turn under him, and he fell breaking his left leg just above the ancle. The people on board did all they could to alleviate the pain, and as soon as possible the vessel shaped a course for Porto Grande to pro cure. surgical assistance, after which the master was confined to his berth for five weeks. On nearing the land he has been shifted to the deck on several occasions, and the result has been a swelling of the limb, which will, how ever, soon be attended to by Dr. Gething. The Strathaubyn Ghost. — "Naturalist" writes:—" If Mr. Tregilgas can get permission to raise the slab upon which he saw the female ' ghost' he will find that the earth under it has sunk, leaving a space, the outline of which will be of much the same shape as that of his 'ghost.' And if he will enlarge the said space to resemble himself, with legs and arms out- j stretched, and replace the slab carefully, press ing down the earth closely all round it, he may the first night there is a good fall of dew catch his own 'ghost' on top of it." Saxony Hams.—The Pekina fins brought a consignment of 24 Saxofly rams, the whole of which are in excellent condition, and will doubt less form a valuable acquisition to the breeding stock of the province. Mishap.—On Saturday morning a son of Mr. Puddy, the Superintendent of the Permanent Way, was in the Locomotive Department holding a long bar of iron while another man was ham mering it, when suddenly the striker was asked to stop, but, not hearing the request, brought down the tool as before, and it quite flattened one of Puddys fingers. The ■ sufferer was sent to the Adelaide Hospital. Town Halls.—Following the example of the people in Auburn, Glare, and other towns, the project of building a town hall is being mooted at Narracoorte, the Oddfellows chiefly taking up the matter. A Company with a capital of £600 in £1 shares is the present proposals A.I.O.O.F. Picnic.—The delegates appointed to carry out this affair met at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, July 14; P.P. G. F. Ind in the chair. Owing to another picnic being fixed for the date formerly arranged it was agreed to postpone their festival, and a letter from the Chief Secre tary, granting the use of the Exhibition Building on December 28, was read. It was resolved to wind up the day's amusements with a ball. Various Sub-Committees were appointed, and the delegates adjourned, after deciding that future meetings should be convened by means of advertisements in the daily Press. Collegiate School. — Mr. C. Puttmann, music master cf Prince Alfred College, has also been appointed singing master at the Collegiate School of St. Peter. Seaman Drowned.—The master of the Secret, cutter, reports the loss of one of his seamen on Friday morning, when the vessel was off Corny Point. A fresh breeze was blowing, and Edward Perryman, a young man, having taken in the gaftopsail, was standing near the side of the craft, when the boomguy of the squaresail was carried away, and the deceased was knocked overboard by the boom. The vessel was at once put round, and the master caught the man's foot, but was unable to hold on, and the poor fellow sank. It is supposed that he was stunned by the blow. Bishop Shetl.—The Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide left by the Coorong on Tuesday on another visit to the sister colony. The Governor op Queensland.—We note that the Marquis of Normanby, the new Governor of Queensland, and his suite have arrived in Melbourne, per Lincolnshire, en route for Brisbane. Sea Salt.—At Hobart Town a factory for evaporating salt from sea water has been suc cessfully established. Worn Coin.—It is being proposed in the South-East that the Government should be asked to extend the period for receiving smooth and defaced coin at the Treasury, the time originally fixed having expired. In the Gulp.—The weather in the Gulf was very boisterous for the 24 hours ending at mid night on Monday. On Sunday the barometer fell considerably, and the appearance of the western horizon at sunset denoted that a heavy breeze was at hand. Monday morning com menced with a strong breeze from about north, and afterwards it veered to north-west, but on the falling tide there was not much wind. A disagreeable cross sea then set in. During the afternoon the sea drove quite over the Sema phore Jetty in a way which has not been seen since the gale of 1864, when several men were lost in attempting to board the same mail steamer. Telegrams were forwarded to the Port officials to the effect that no embarkation was deemed advisable from the Semaphore, but at the last moment there was a temporary lull in the gale and the pilot was landed. The Semaphore Jetts.—It would have been well if the Treasurer and the me mbers of the Marine Board could have seen the start from the Sema phore Jetty on Monday morning, for they would surely at once have made arrangements to lengthen the structure. The land has run out so far that the boats in leaving during a westerly breeze are obliged to make a short tack in the broken water, and if they miss stays nothing ■ can prevent the crafts stranding. Some day a serious accident will draw attention forcibly to the matter, but it is evidently a work which should have immediate attention. New Engine.—On Monday several residents of Kapunda were invited by Mr. Robert Cameron, the machinist there, to witness the starting of a steam-engine recently erected on his premises for driving the lathe and other appliances. The engine is of a most compact and. useful construction. It is a vertical high pressure one, nominally of four-horse, but capable of working to double that power. The fire is in the centre, with water-chamber all round it and the steam-chamber above; the flue passing through the latter affords all the advantages of super-heating without any extra cost. The cylinder is attached to the boiler itself, and under the ash-pit is a flat tank, where the water for feeding is heated. The engine was made by Roby & Co., of Lincolnshire, and certainly does them credit, all the fittings being finished and complete. So far as could be judged it appears to be a very economical apparatus in water and fuel, and worked as smoothly and silently as possible. After some light work at the lathe had been done, those present partook of some refreshment provided by Mr. Cameron, and all cordially united in wishing him success. It is surprising to those who can remember Kapunda as a sheep-run to notice the number of steam engines now at work there in the flour-mill, timber yards, and manufactories. Presbytery of South Australia.—At a special meeting of Presbytery, held on July 18, a call from the Wallaroo Church to the Rev. William Davidson, of Clare, was laid on the table, and sustained. Commissioners from St. Andrew's congregation, Adelaide, appeared in support of a petition for a "moderation" in favour of the Rev. Jas. Henderson, Port Ade laide. It was agreed to grant the moderation, and the Rev. John Davidson (Chalmers Church) was appointed to preach in St. Andrew's, and advise such steps as the rules of the Church prescribe. Presentation.—At the meeting of Court Perseverance, No. 2221, Ancient Order of Foresters, held on Tuesday evening, July 18, District Secretary Durieu, on behalf of the Adelaide District, presented P.D.C.R. William Holland with a valuable timepiece as a recogni tion of services rendered to the Order while District Chief Ranger. Brother Holland acknowledged the testimonial in suitable terms. River News.—We have been favoured with the annexed extracts from mercantile letters:— "Toorale, July 11.—The river has commenced rising again at the rate of two inches a day. It has risen three feet at Bourke, and is still rising." "Wentworth, July 17.—A report from Bourke states that the river is rising slightly, and is still navigable to that place." " Netley, July 14.—The river is still falling about the same as last week. The steamer Jupiter has just passed. Captain King reports a slight rise when he left on the 6th." Yorke's Peninsula Areas. — Several selectors, who not long since took up land on Yorke's Peninsula, have returned to the Rhine Districts for their families, giving glowing accounts of the new settlements. They report that the crops look very promising, as in the localities where their ground lies even more rain has fallen than in the Eden Valley neighbour hood. On a proposed new area north of Trou bridge there is stated to be some excellent soiL Dr. Wilson.—Some time ago Dr. John Scott Wilson, much to the regret of mauy residents in the Bremer and Mount Barker districts, left for Penola, where he has been of late practising his profession. He is now, how ever, resuming Ms duties at Mount Barker, and en the occasion of Ms removing from the South East the Standard remarked that "Dr. Wilson during his residence in Penola had gained the confidence and esteem of all classes of the com munity, not only from Ms attention and profes sional abilities, but likewise from his general good nature and social qualities. We trust the change will be to Ms advantage, both in a pro fessional and pecuniary sense; but it is much to be regretted that the district did not afford scope for a gentleman of Ms acknowledged talent." 