PARRAMATTA. FROM OUR OOIUlESl ONDEST 1 FAKMAMAITA Jjoiioijou COUNCIL-The usual fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council of the Borough of Purni mills was held at the Council Chambers, Marsden-street, on 1 in day, 7th November, at 3 p.m. Present His Wor ship the Player, and the full Council. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Reports re- cord: 1. Report from Town Surveyor, relative to the repair of the entrance to Ross-street from the Kissing Dent Read, and the breaking of the rough ballast on the latter. 2. From the Town Surveyor relative to a communication from Mr. P. Barber respecting the repair of the drain running across George-street from Mr. John Nichol- son's on mines. reports for adoption The Mayor move 3, end Alderman Trott seconded, the adoption of the Finance CcnmiiUcci'B report, received at last meeting, which contained an item of expenditure of £197 18s. 8d. Carried. The Mayor moved, and Alderman Trott seconded,-" The addition of the Improvement Committee's report received on 23rd October, relative to the federation and metalling of Church-street at Providence row." Carried, The Mayor may. d, and Alderman Smith seconded, the adoption of the Town Surveyor's report of 18th October, ccniiiitiiijgnn Estimate of the probable cost of bluemetal for, and the forming of Sorrell-street from Grose-street to the Pennant Hills Road." Carried. Petitions: Alderman Williams presented and moved, the reception of a petition signed by thirty-seven ratepayers and others, pray- ing the council to consider the desirableness of altering or tun ending the existing code of wharfage dues before the end of the present year. Received. The Mayor presented and moved the reception of a petition from thirty ratepayers praying for an abolition of market dues as they pie detrimental to the common trade interests of the town. Receive:!. Corro I storth nee: letter from the United Fire Insurance Cuni any reminding the Council that the policy on the Market building would expire on 12th instant, unless the pn mines £4 12s. were paid. Resolved, That the letter be received and referred to the Finance Committee with power to pay the amount of premium." Letter from Mr. I W. W. Stephen, Department of Lands relative to the alien i mind of Macquarie-street, between Church and Marsden streets, and stating that it was the opinion of Mr. Secretary" Wiffen, that according to the opinion of the Crown LJW Cliicci's in similar cases, it -is. to be necessAry to me aside the enoncouB alignment of this street by Act of Parliament, and it is intended to introduce a bill for that purpose during next session. Letter in in Mr. G. Booth, Inspector of Licensed Vehicles. Letter from Mr. S. Barber, representing that he was about to make some repairs on the premises occupied by Mr. John Nicholson, and asking the Council's permission to enclose a portion of the roadway, and to break up a part of the and enclosed. Permission granted, the work to be done under supervision of the Town Surveyor. Letter from Mr. George Coates, calling attention to the unsafe condition of the road passing his premises, corner of Argyle and Marsden streets. The Major moved, and Alderman Dixon seconded,-"That Clause No. 10 of the Improvers ment Committee's report, dated May 29, 1871, and adopted by this Council on 20th June, be car- ril d out at a cost not to exceed £30." Carried. The Mayor moved, Alderman Mason socond'd,-"That the Major be emi- owner i to engage an auctioneer for the purpose of disposing of the lease of the market buildings and weighbridge for one year from 1st January, 1879 and also, that the Mayor be empowered to engage an auctioneer for the purpose of disposing of the tolls and dues to be collected on the public wharf, for one year from 1st Jentiaiy,'1872." Coined. Alderman Byrnes impressed upon the Mayor the necessity for defining the boundaries of the wharf property in the conditions of sale, to prevent crepe- tition of the annoyance to which they had been subjected the yr--, by the continual application for a definition of the boundaries. The Mayor intended to submit the conditions to the Council before he took any' step towards selling the lease of the wharf and the dues. The Mayor moved, and Alderman Williams seconded, "That ten loads of the screenings from the ''Prospect' quarry be spread on the footpath in George-street, from Charles-street to Ha.ris-£,ír. at." Carrick. The Mayo: most J, and Alderman Simmonds seconded,-"That the rejects in Ross-street, in in Church street to. Borrell Sir at, the fear d ond gravell. 1 at a t it not to excel £3." Carried. Alderman W.'MamBmoved, paid Alderman Byrnes accorded,-" That the resolution appointing the hour of mi v. 'ii of Council, at 3 o'clock, be rescinded, and that the - . 'me of meeting be at a quarter-past 3 o'clock pm," Carried. Alderman Williams moved, and the Mayor . conded, That the footpaths in Anderson Ward, commencing at Taylor's chambers, on the east side of Church-street, and continuing down George-street on the north side as far as the boundary of Mr. Harvey's property, repair d at a contralto exceed £20." Carried. Alderman Williams may I, end Aldermen Simmonds seconded, " That a stench trap be placed on the drain, opposite Mr. R. Webb's premises, Church-street, at a cost not to exceed 36." Alderman Bowden moved as an amendment, and Alderman Byrnes second- d,-" That the matter be referred to the TOWA Surveyor to report that; on at next meeting." The amendment was lost, the original motion carried. Alderman Williams moved, and Alderman Galloway seconded,-" That the western side of Church-street, between Phillip-street and the bridge be properly guttered, at a cost not to exceed £25." Carried. Alderman Williams moved, paid Aldermen Gallaway seconded,-" That the footpaths in Phillip-street in its whole length, be put in gc ed older, at a cost not to exceed 15." Carried. Alderman Bowden moved, and Alderman Smith seconded, '' That the petition, received this day, relative to the wharfage dues, be referred to a special committee, to consist of Messrs. Aldermen Byrnes, Smith, and the mover." The Mayor moved as an amendment,-"That the committee consist of Aldermen Snowden, Smith, Mason, and Williams.' The amendment was carried. The Council adjourned sine die. CoNoiiKGAiioxAi, CHUCH. On Sunday evening at the Rev. T S. Forsaith devoted his and more to the improvement of the recent melancholy accident whereby the late Mrs. ROSE let her life. The discourse was most impressive. The reverend gentleman chose for his text, the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of Job, " But man dieth, and wasteth away : yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" PEOPLES' CONCERTS. Mr. Alfred McManis gave the tenth of a series of popular concerts in the School of Arts, on Monday evening. The various performances were, as usual, well received. Mr. M'Manis by dint of perseverance, has now fully establish d three popular entertainments in Parramatta. A complimentary concert, as a mark of appreciation of his debts in this respect, is afoot. POLICE COURT-Tuesday, 7th November. Before Messrs. Longley, N. Masvait, and A. Payten, J.P.'s. James Sivewright, brought before the Court under a warrant, was charged with having on Monday night last threatened to take the life of one Thomas Howell. Constable Gallagher deposed to the arrest of prisoner at his residence in Smith-street, at 10 p.m. on Monday night. Mrs. Howell, sworn, deposed : Know prisoner, he is the person referred to in the information read ; the contents of which are true, and from the circumstances set forth therein I em still afraid that he will do me some grievous bodily harm. Prisoner was bound over to keep the peace himself in £10, and two sureties of £5 each, in default 14 days' gaol. 