W& and INunt. Lame Conclusion.— A sore foot. Uphill Wobk. — Mounting a picture. What is the feminine of needle ? — Needless. Imprudent — Promising your doctor a legacy. How to manage bachelors — Miss-manage them. A 'green-grocer' is described as 'one who trusts.' The women in Utah are very apt to marry Young. Why are ladies joster than men ? -^Because they are the fair sex. To Young- Housekeepers. — Never weigh fish in their own scales, you are sure to lose by it. If ' might makes right,1' did it never make a wheel- write? \ How to Make Time Go Fast.— Use the spur of the moment. ; Why is a grain of sand in. the eye like 4 schoolmaster's cane? ---Because it hurts the pupiL i Strange, but Tbue — The last gentleman in a young lady'd thoughts is generally the first as welL The best way for a man to train up a child in the way he should go is to travel that way sometimes himself. . ' ' ; There are two periods in the life of a man at which he is too wise to tell women the exact truth — when he's in love and when he isn't. ' Miss Ogleby had tried unremittingly to gain a husband, but her large share of forwardness completely neutralised her small share of beauty. The following question is now being discussed before the Bungtown Debating Society : — 'Can7 a big man ache harder than a little oni ?' Oliver Wendell Holmes calls a kiss a lisping consonant. He should have added that it usually follows avowal. A Quaker's Advice to his Son on his Wedding Day. — ' When thee went a courting I told thee to keep 'hy eyes wide open; now that thee is married I tell thee to keep them half shut.' Matrimonial. — As regards matrimony, the arguments pro and con. are most frequently found to resolve themselves into pro-posal and con-sent. — "The Period." A Buffalo serenader sang, "I'm thinking, love, of thee ;" when the descent of about four gallons of water from a third storey window proved her papa was thinking of him." An orator in the Irish House of Commons was describing the inordinate love of praise which' characterised an opponent. ' The honor able member,' said he, 'is so fond of b?in£ praised, thit I really believe he woull be con tent to give up the ghost, if it were but to look up and read the stonecutter's puff on his grave.' Striking Time —As a gentleman was walk ing the streets of Washington the other niglit, he was accosted by three ruffians whipreteaded to be drunk, and asked him the time of night. - ' I will tell you,' said he, in his blandest tones, i Plaoing his hand in one of his -pockets, as if to draw out his timepiece, and drawing forth a revolver instead, he presented the latter, and coolly remarked, 'It is going to strike three I1' The ruffians vanished in ah instant. — American Paper. FOBTHCOMrNG LEGISLATION. ? The Queen's Speech, having so much to say' about the affairs of foreign nations, could only; mention a few of the measures relating to our own concerns, which are understood to be ready ? for introduction this session. Mr. Punch, having been favored with a pri vate view of some of the more important of these Bills, hastens, while the -cold, weather makes brisk exercise agreeable, to- lay them before bis constant readers. A Bill to restrict the Number of Portraits in the Annual Exhibition of the Royal Acadecay. A Bill for the Establishment of a Cheerful Newspaper. A Bill for the Introduction of a Uniformity in the Length of the Months of the Year. [This is a measure which will do away with much uncertainty and confusion, and render unnecessary many milliards of questions at present of annual recurrence.] A Bill for the better Regulation of the Practice of Asking Eminent Characters for their Autographs. . A Bill for the Total Abolition of Encores, Fees and Gratuities at Places of Public Enter tainment. A Bill to reduc3 the Exorbitant Price of Qysters. A Bill to render Women liable to Serve on Juries in Courts of Law, on Coroners' Inquests, &c.; [The principle of this measure is, that as women claim to share with men the privilege of the franchise, &c;, they should also be called upon to take their share in more disagreeable duties.'! ? - A Bill for Erecting another Opera House in London— two, one of which has never 'been used, not appearing sufficient. ? A Bill for the better Regulation of Penaya lying. A Bill for the Supervision, by Salaried Official Inspectors appointed after open Competition, of the Costume of Public Waiters. A Bill to provide Gostermonjjers and other Itinerant Vendors with Vocal Instruction. A BUI to subject all Young Men wearing an Eye-gltss to Surgical Examination. And. A Bill for the Total. Immediate, and Uncon ditional Abolition of Drinking, Smoking, Snuff taking, Scandal, Whist-pUying, Steeping in eithtt'- House of Parliament, and Sitting up later th *n Twelve o'clock at Night,: except by a. Special lidetice from the Archbishop of Can terbuiy. ' ; : ' 