) . (From the Herald.)'1 ' : ' - An old man named Joseph.. Smith, employed in " Williams's'' restaurant, 143 Flindbrs-street west, was taken' to tlio hospital torday .dead. It seonis tliat jho, was ongaged in peeling potatoes, wh'eri "ri chr'onio eroding ulcer 'of the leg-begaii to pieea irom an ulceration' ot a vein: -nio Dicea- iiig was' profuso,' so miicli so that- several pints blood ivoro lost in a few riiinntes, and the'poor fellow died. ' "As a matter' of 'interest to tlio public, oven wlion tho patient was' dead the Vein spouted profusely. It is a matter of regret that some one. of ordiuary seiiso was not prescmt, for if they liad .only had. the presence of (iriirid (to HII/U nuuu uugui .VOIU..UIU mini o «iv would have been saved. .' . : . , . William Hool,- a brickmnker, living as .Bruns wick, was summonod before the City: Court to-: day on a-cliargb-of porjury. : Mr lFisbor ap peared for the plaintiff, and Mr Gaunson for the defendant. Tho case commenced at noon, and lasted for some hours)' Tlie perjury Arose out of an action iivthe Supreme; Court, Austin v. Jaoomb,. in which it was alleged Hool swore that ho had not- sold to Austin tho bricks which Jacomb, as Hool's assignee, had seized and sold. Tho -case was still going on when ;wo:wentto press. 1 \- ;Wo are giveir to. understand that it is in . con templation to pulldown ;a number of tho un sightly edificos contiguous to. tlio Junction hotel, St. Kildn, and fronting tho principal .thorough; faro of -that- nmrino borough. For somo time past it has beoii the Bubjoct of wondor that such ft step lifts not been taken long ere this, as the buildings in, question aro anything but hand some, .and give';, a stranger but a yory ppor opinion of tlio, go-a-heftdism of tlio loyal people of St. Kilda; '-.-Whon these sliops have. been ro- movod, the ground will, if wo are .rightly in formed, bo occupied by -a row of substantial and imposing-lonking placos. of business, i Already itrrarigomonts are being made by tho occupiors of tho present promises for a flitting prior, to tlio work of domolitio'n: being commenced. ' ' During tho last few days- 'the nervous folks living in the ncighboiirliood of the East St.- Kilda Ceipetery have been eriduririg considerable alarm i from- the nocturnal appearance of a most uri- . usual object,: deporting itself in a fashion, very ! much unlike ordinary. bipeds., Superstition soqn sot it down as a .ghost, and rumour did the rest. The ctornal resource iu all troubles of the out- sido world, viz.,: the police, was rosortod to, : and the invulnerable ns well inoxorable peeler soon brought the midnight rambler to buy. It nppears that the ghost was of a vory tangible character. A youth, it appears, had provided himself' with very high-stills, .which he had covered witli pan taloons, and lengthened his arms proportionately. Titus transformed he- amused himsolf in striding over fences, 'tombstones, '-.and every obstacle of moderate dimension, to the astonishment of' tho neighbours 'and passers bjv The- identity being discovered, the (ours of the neighbours uve-'ulj layed. 