AN AMERICAN GHOST. (Bristol lunts and Mirror, March 25) A friend in Amenos bas forwarded as tbe following extraordinary report, copied from the Richmond (Virginia) Dispatch, of the 4th of last month, and supplied to that paper by its correspondent Bt Lexington Ya , who thus in troduccs the startling narrative - Rev George C Thrasher, of Buchanan, was ID town to day, and being an intimate acquaint ance and friend, your correspondent " inter viewed him concerning the mysterious mam fe5tations reported to have occurred at his honse He gave us a detailed account of the whole affair, and from full notes taken at tbe time, we present your readers with the following first-class ghost story - About seven weeks ago, dnnog Mr Thrasher's absence from home, his wife and children beard, about five o clock in the evening, load talking at the eorn house Upon going ont they saw two persons ran off, and found that abont a peck of corn bad been abstracted from tho crib and poured in a pile on the gronnd near by The next evening, about the sams hour, they heard a noise in the rear of the kitchen, and, upon going oat, foand that the window had been carefully removed and put ins de of the kitchen, and that the cooking utensils and kitchen furniture were scattered over tbe yard Mrs Tbrasber distinotly eaw'two men tan off, and two young men who came up at the time also saw them dodging about in the field above The next evening Mr Thrasher returned horne about dusk, and while his little boy was telling him of these strange occurrences, the window of the kitchen was seen to be open and on examining the utensils and furniture, they wera found to be again scattered abaut the yard The next evening, while Mr Thrasher was in .the corn house watching, he saw a form pass rapidly around the kitchen, but taking it for a servant woman, did not pursue. Not long after he went into the house, and npon sendiDg his little boys ont they reported that the window of a lock room joining the house had been opened (although securely bolted inside), and a bag taken out and thrown on the ground Soon after this Mr Thrasher and his wife went over to call on a neighbour, leaving at home their children (two boys of seven and fourteen), and a little white g rl of thirteen, who lives with them. In about ten minutes the children re ported that the kitchen had been again turned oat of doors, and that they had seen two men run off The next evening a dozen yonng men from the village guarded the house They saw nothing while on post, hue when they went into the house the little girl who was watching at the window reported that two men bad jumped over the fence Instant pursuit was made, and they saw one of the men sitting down in a vacant lot Failing in an attempt to surround him, they bred five shots at bim as he ran off The next even in g and the next the kitchen was served as usual, but no one waa seen The next evening the visit was made before five o'clock, and the kitchen window broken, but notwithstanding there was snow on the ground, no tracks or I traces of the mysterious visitors were to be I found ; indeed, no tracks have ever been seen. I The next day Mr. Thrasher moved everything j out of the kitchen into the lock-room, and since that time nothing about the premises has j been moved out of its plaee, save on one occa- sion-the taotics of the visitor (for since then only one has been seen) being entirely changed. It, she, or he, (which pronoun sball we use ?) now began to knock violently at the front or back door. The noise was generally heard from three o'clock in the afternoon till eight o'clock in the evening, and would consist of very loud and rapid knocks. Mr. Thrasher would Bit in his chamber with the door opening into the passage, and on the first knock would rush out. The knocking would continue until be reaohed the outer door, but, on throwing it open he could see no one, although there was no place for some distance in which a man could hide. Every stratagem nts resorted to-such as send- ing persons on eacb side of the house-bat all ia Tain. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the Friday be fore Christmas, the knocking was especially violant, and (Mr Thrasher heinc absent) Mrs 1 brasher rang a bell, and Dr Wood promptly came over, but could see no one The knook J ing was continued as before after the Doctor went into the house, and presently a violent noise, sounding like a man jumping up and down on heavy boot heels, was distinotly heard in the passage They would rush out to find nothing These knookings have been heard every day, except that several times there has been an interval of two or three days, during which thero has been no distúrbanos heard. The mystery is, that Mr Thrasher's house is situated on a bill in full view of the whole town so that a mau at bis front door in broad day time would almost certainly be seen, even if no one was epeaially on the walch, and that there have been numbers of tbe 01 tuena at different points keenly looking out for the mysterious visitant One evening about 7 o'oiork, with the moon brightly shining, the knocking at the front door was distinotly heard by two respectable eoloured men who were passing immediately in front of the house, and by two young men at the Presby terian Church, a short distance off, and yet neither of them could see anything One evening, at dusk, a violent stamping was heard on the stone pavement leading to the house, which continued to come nearer until it was very violent on the poreh, even while M»J Thrasher was opening the door, but ii suddenly ceased as he stepped ont, and nothing could ba seen For two or three weeks past it has been a talkative spirit (?)-even disposed to be loqua- cious One evening, during a violent knocking at the door, the little girl who lives in the house, and who bad been suspected by some of the citizens of having some agenoy in the disturb- ances, asked in the presence of the children, " What have you against Mr Thrasher and his wife " " Nothing," waa the prompt reply , " they are very good people, but are no account " " Do you know that I am oharged with doing this'" " Yes ? But they are very rauoh mistaken, and it is not done with yet " " Are you a dead or a live spirit ?" " I am in my right mind " Another evening Mr Thrasher and his wife being out, the little girl threw a rock out of the window, and a voice instantly said "Do not hit me " The knocking at the door was at ODOS begun, and when Mr Thrasher's little son threatened to shoot, a voice respondod " I am not afraid of being shot to night Mr and Mrs ' Thrasher are not here I saw them go away myself " The children frequently hold protracted con- versations with the mysterious visitant, who deolines, however, to talk to Mr Thrasher or hu wife i One evening it was agreed that tbo little girl and boy should hold him in conversation at tba front door while Peck (an older boy) should take off bis shoes, creep out at the back door, and get a shot at his ghostship. The conversa- tion was going on pretty lively, when he sud- denly exclaimed : " Peck Thrasher is coming, and I must be going," and was heard to run off. This was repeated several timeB. Upon each occasion Mr. Thrasher came np and heard the children and a little boy from tho town loudly talking with the visitor, but watched for some time in vain. One morning after eight o'clock the little girl went out and hung the week's washing on the fence. She had just started into the house when sh&aw; a man deliberately taking the clothes, pieoe by piece. She gave the alarm, and Mr. Thrasher'« oldest boy rushed out, and saw the man run off. The clothes were found neatly laid together in a pile. On last Thursday evening (the day before Mr. Thrasher left home, and the date of our " latest advices from the seat of war,") a favourite puppy of the children was heard howl- ing in deep distress, and the licks of a switoh oould be distinotly heard. The children raised the window, and saw a man run off. They describe him as thick set, of very dark complexion, if not black, dressed in dark brown clothes, very rough and untidy The family have not been at all lightened, and thus far there seems to have bceu no disposition on the part of their mysterious visitant to injure any one, though they have tried very vigorously to stop his career Otho Thrasher, a brave little fellow only seven years old saw him standing near the well one night, and snapped hve caps at him, and another night he Bhot at him stand- ing in the chimney corner, and put the bullet about a fopt to the right of whore he stood Your correspondent will not spcodlnte on this mystery, but Biruply reports what was told furn by Mr Thrasher, for whom ho oao vuuoh as a Christian minister of unimpeachable charaoter Mr Tbraaher says that he has abandoned all hope of solving the mystery, but that he is satisfied by one circumstance that the visitor is a fool " He said one night that he ' wanted money, and no one but a fool-be he man or demon- would come to the house of a Baptist preachvx for that article " 