GEOWLS BY A CYNIC. So_ we are accused of being 'democra- tic' in northern Tasmania. No wonder, seeing_r how totally bereaved we are of high, life and aristocracy. Very well for our courtly contemporary, who has con stant practise in chronicling the events of upper crust 'Haul Ton,' and whose re porter is admitted to take the list of the company, ana tne privilege ot a knite and fork.in the pantry, to twit us with being red republican and democratic ; but it isn't fair. The august circle— the centre of which Jeatnes names with ' hor' — has innumerable big wigs revolving around in the favored capital. There are Parlia mentary great guns, official swells, heads of departments — all which keeps tho vul gar tradespeople in wholesome order ; but in the north, in Launceston, we are all of one class ; our aristocracy is exceedingly limited ;. ' a boy in buttons' is seen some times, but he comes in from the country only occasionally. There is no use in de nying it ; we are a very inferior lot — no claim to be high- bred merinos. Botany Bay aristocracy doosn't flourish amongst our democratic element, and is under a cloud. I have heard, indeed, that we are sweepingly condemned as to the paucity of gentility — masculine and feminine — amongst us by authority which is infal lible. But how can it be wondered at ? It is our misfortune, not our fault. We have had no expenditure of a hundred thousand pounds for building a Govern ment House, fifteen thousand for furnish ing it, besides a few thousands or so for stables, as the lucky Hobartbnians have had. No, no, worse luck ! We had a ramshackle wooden cottage, in which former Governors used to do penance in olden days, but it was sold ; Government diddled us out of the proceeds, and now we are humiliated to see the representative of the Queen obliged to go to an hotel. Let our patriotic northern members ask for twenty or thirty thousands in debentures, and build a house. It would give em ployment to bricklayers and carpenters, and exercise a moral influence which would make it strictly a ' reproductive work.' We are unjustly treated in not getting our fair share of the ineffable high life we pay for pretty handsomely to all the great men in Hobart Town, and then, after all, to ac cuse us of being democratic ! Why, it's adding insult to injury. We were wrong ib seems, in alluding to our Colonel Browne, and have com mitted a high crime and misdemeanour, by saying what we did. It was another Browne, and we were taken in by the tele graph — '? done brown,' say. We are only too glad to know that the Colonel is hearty. May he live a thousand years h It's not every man who is privileged to read his own obituary notices. I hope, our old Governor will be satisfied with the public verdict passed upon him. We should have remarked that ho did not draw his full allowance for travelling ex penses. Will that please our critic ? Our contemporary is hauled over the coals, for alluding to the little bill sent in to tho country, -for entertaining the Russians in the frigate Boyarin. , I'm surprised at the meanness of our coasso ciate. It's 'VWSrwell known that '.Russians are inordinSt^.fQncl of brain oil .phd tal low as dieticluxuries. They drained all the lamps, and devouredall tho candles on their lino of march through France, (see Alison's. History). These are extras which we could not expect to bo kept in stock by Govern ment, for the entertainment of such foreign visitors of distinction as the Bussians. Some of those days wo may have to ' entertain' them with something differ ent—powder and shot may be, — and the little bill will bo a trifle heavier. What a wonderful bill is that passed for the Press Association ! Such an ad vance, mind you, in legislation ! Those tritons of the Press — 'Argis and 'JSrald, 03 tho news boys shout — want to gobble up the minnows of the Provincial Press right out. We musn't allude to the news in our remarks, unless we pay 'blackmail.' But there ought to be a ' claws' forbidding Checkers and his tribe from bellowing out the sensationul items in the streets. Is the bell to be allowed ? May readers of the telegrams communicate the details — ought that mean practice of borrowing a paper to be sanc tioned by our legislators ? Let them go the whole animal, since they are attempt ing — in their wisdom — to meddle with, supervise, and direct the Press. We are to publish telegrams within 12 hours after arrival, on penalty of £5 ! What ! arc we to be the slaves of the public? We pay pretty heavily for the privilege of supplying you with the news, we cudgel our brains and turn on ' tho gas at midnight over our work. Are you so very prompt and liberal, O public !. to reward us for our herculean exertions? Must we knock up our compositors, our demons of the printer's room, our pressmen — light up our fires, and set our machine going, if such interesting telegrams as 'wool heavy,' 'wheat quiet,' 'oil lively,' 'Mr Augus tus de Binks died,' or some marvel of puzzle in orthography arrives ? Go to ! Messieurs the law makers ! We shall be prompt enough in publishing anything worth it, but to trammel commercial enter prise by enactment, is about as wise as to dam up the news of the day into' channels indicated by law. It can't be done. The report of the former Superintendent of Port Arthur is all very well, but he forgets one thing. The Superinten dentship was a fine berth, and afforded a pleasant opportunity for ministerial pa tronage. Port Arthur is likely to be con tinued, in consequence, I think, — unless our Parliament, sees to this little matter again. , Very well done ! our northern mem bers about that little bill. Will tho Ministers go out? It's most unreason able to expect them to do so, and they won't. We have managed, to make a precious bargain with that bub beautiful company (pen stutters) ; we are : fast, and that extremely shady company is loose; There is a delightful prospect before us of litigation, and ' action for damages.' But since the bill wasn't really required, as everything and a good deal more was included in the (peculiarly) original bargain, why the rejection of-that little bill aforesaid doesn't atall matter, argal, why should Ministers resign ? The Attorney- General asked the House in the debonair style of Jeremy Diddler in the play, if they ' had such a thing as eighteenpence about them?' ' Ees and a means to keep it,' was the answer of our young men from the country. The Treasurer and the ? Minister of Lands . tried the virtuous indignation dodge, in vain. This little piece of work in the Parliamentary cam paign is something like FalstafFs 'pennyworth of bread,' to an 'intolerable amount of sack.' The Thistle Act and the rabbit law must count for something, though. I hope next session we may look for a 'sweet briar statute, and a clause forbidding, chickweed to grow. Our Statute book is becoming quite portly and respectable. We are ' fooled to the top of our bent.' The boa-constrictors have been the chief local excitement ol late, and the only intellectual amusement available. I moralised over the ' critters,' and thought of the dreadful bores in P — t who are ' constricting' the country, strangling our trade, devouring us piecemeal with taxes, sliming us over with deben tures, and getting us gradually, but surely, into the ' maw' of embarrassment and debt. Let us free, O ! representa tives of our country, if you can ! you know' your strength now, and can do it, if you have the pluck. You need not fear the fate of Laocoon, think of your child ren ! and grapple with those Ministers, our glorious constitution and our national debt. They are pressing the very life out of unfortunate Tasmania, are growing heavier, and folding us tighter every day. The growing jealousy and ill-feeling 'twjxt north - and south is becoming very serious and alarming. I don't know what to make of it. Denunciations of the north are very strong. Even the.' Ghost in the Library' has shuddered at the ominous threats of vengeance for our mean and piti ful conduct. I rather think the mercurial spirit of the south is to blame. Atall events, I hear tho southerners mutter that ' they won't stand it.' Kaots. of politicians drink their beer in a savage and vindictive spirit, and scowl -upon the northerner, who tyranises over the- lovely banks of the Derwent. The northern bar barians not content with the privilege of having most of the taxes they pay spent in a gentlemanly manner in ' tne lovely city of Hobarfc by high officials, have in sisted on a reduction of pay for future Governors, in spite of beiDg assured that the whole £6,500 is spent in the city, that £400 goes for Customs duties and so forth, arguments which would convince any reasonable being, wo should think. Salaries of officials, too, in future, aro not to bo above £500 a year. Dear, dear ! It's very sad. How can tho poor fellows live or. such wretched pay these hard times P Then there's the Main Line. I'm afraid wo have made a mistake. The ' worm' will turn, you know, if he considers you haven't done him' a good turn, arid will serve you out if ho can. When we wouldn't apjree to. let that com pany (which is looking after the main 'chance' so satisfactorily) take up- the rails of oun line, and enjoy a few other trifling privileges, we might be sure the bleod of the south would be up ! It's just' for all the world like the beginning of the dreadful civil war in America. There, you know it was north against south. (I wish it were east and west, it wouldn't sound so ominous.) The ' south' in America wanted to continue tho privilege of making their niggers work for them— (very like what Launcestonians and the country people have to do for our 'south.') They were disgusted with the democracy of the ' north,' and the ungentlemanly Yankee shopkeepers. (Just onr case.) They said they hadn't fair play, because they were outvoted in their Parliament by northerners. (There you aro again !) Goodness, knows how it may end. The gallant ' south' in America had military heroes and warliko enthusiasm; they despised uniform, like ours, for thcrei are martial noses in the capital which have smelt powder arid are not unacquainted with balls, are practised not only in the 'goose step,' but in other 'accomplish- ments of that warlike bird. There wax a corps (it's disbanded now, but it had a very heavy band in proportion to its rank and file, and I know that the big drum is still in existence ; but I'm digressing). This corps is ready at a moment's notice (if their uniforms are paid for) ; desperate fellows ! Now, are we to ' ' Cry havoc '. and let Slip the (jolly) dogs of war ? It's wretched to think of it ! How hor rid it would be, for mild and jovial as I remember 'em, still they were always a thirsty lot (blood thirsty). We ought to take warning in time. Either ' cave in,' or prepare our volunteers as ' food for powder.' Our volunteers don't want to fight. I have too high an opinion to think it of 'em ; they don't like it, in fact Who would ? But, if we are put to it, we can hit a hay stack, or a stout major, I hope, as well as most people. We be seech the gallant veteran of the rifles (I think that's the corps) who, like ' mine ancient pistol,' have good cause ? for ob jecting ' to eat the leak' of Parliamentary defeat, and, moreover, ' eke who swears, ' (I don'b moan to say his lariguago is 'un parliamentary, only metaphorically.) I, we, they ! — the whole country ! (there, what can we say more) we implore him to pause ? ...(see Lord Brougham's oration when Campbell says he _ got tipsy) — to resume : — we will do anything, rather than bedew our smiling fields with gore. For that it must come to if he doesn't leave off. 