FALSE PLAY. We think that it is right to give our read ers a hint of the false play which we hear is going on in the Government offices. We trust that the report is not true, but we fear that it is. Outward circumstances seem to confirm the rumour. The Shoal- haven election does not look very well. Mr. Garrett, havin" feathered his nest, has given the Government the coup- de grace. His influence in settling the succession to his late constituency has been cast deliber ately into a certain scale. The new mem ber has been exhibited ominously by Mr. T. Garrett and the priests. And under the united direction of both the new member has had an unopposed election. And the dinner — the public dinner to the happy conjurer Avho has changed his M.P. into a P.M. — something strange hangs about that. The gentlemen Avho delighted to honour the new police magistrate were very select. For political services Mr. Garrett has been rewarded ; for acting the part of a political whip ; for playing tricks upon members to accomplish his own ends ; for hiring the flying pieman to bur lesque representative institutions ; for con descending to a deceit Avhich would have disgraced a sweep, Mr. Garrett has been elevated to the bench Avith a salary which Avill keep him comfortable for life; and thus the patriot passes aAvay — to Berrima; but he leaves, like a comet, some light be hind him. His picnic shows something which is not very comfortable. It shows that his faithful John and he arc still one. How came it that Mr. Robertson Avas the onlyminister present? Was itthattho other ministers did not care for the company? Was it that having been compelled, from circumstances, to accept Mr. Garrett as the Alter Ego of the Colonial Secretary, they were glad to help in his elevation to the bench to get rid of the connexion? Was it that having SAvalloAvod the dose of so serving him, they Avere unwilling to do more than the official action ? Having, therefore, served him officially, did they save themselves personally I Perhaps so. But rumour says that there is more than this. It is said that he of the Secretary ship and his Alter Ego have devised a plan. It is deep laid, and yet very shal low. It is, that a land bill is to be brought in Avhicli Avill detach the Colonb-l Secre- tai'y from the Ministry — throw him into the hands of the Butlers aud Dillons — get the aid of the free- selectoi's — and, Avith the aid of Mr. Parkes, make a new party, and bring on a dissolution ! What a scheme ! What a resolution and a combination ! Robertson, Avho Avas the means of alienat ing many of the friends of Mr. Martin, is to be the means of destroying the ministry. The old fable is to be made new iu fact — a stiflened snake is taken up and put into a man's bosom ; and then, Avhen it has warmed into active life, it stings its bene factor ! We Avisli Mr. Garrett safely at his home, Avith his salary to boot ; but we ask him before he sets out, is this true? Is there any truth in it ? Has he been writ ing any letters that the mansion of Mi. Martin has been set on fire ? Has he been looking from the Colonial Secretary's Avin- doAv to the tower of St. Mai-y's ? Has he been carrying Shoalharen in his pocket ? From his skill in doing justice to all parties in Sydney, is he going to admin ister impartial justice at Berrima ? Does he intend to call in at Penrith on the way? 01), .shocking that the Kiuma ghost should be so soon forgotten ; and that the warbling songster of " Father aud I" — now both P.M's. — .should be thought capable of the political baseness and dishonesty of selling his bu-thright for a mess of pottage ! We are not Avriting in parables. We are not spreading enigmas. We are only asking questions. And we want to hint to our readers that it is probable that signs and woiiders will appear in the poli tical horizen before very long. We .ihall not be taken surprise. Nay, we are quite prepared. And we trust that the country Avill be able to see and know its friends, Avhen the proper time comes. The healthful spirit Avhich has been aAvakened throughout the country Avill jirobably dis appoint the best laid plan of " rats and mice !" 