THEATRE ROYAL. MR. MORTON TAVARES AS HAMLET. The performance of Hamlet given by Mr. Tavares at the Theatre Royal last night was one of the most ineffective which has ever been seen on the Melbourne stage. An actor essaying the part of the princely Dane in this city subjects himself to a very severe ordeal, and Mr. Tavares does himself an in- us tree in attempting a character for the full embodi- ment of which he seems to have but slender qualifications. His conception was an intelligent one, but he cannot be credited with having furnished more than an outline of the character. He was singularly deficient in his text, and, in consequence, introduced one or two surprising new readings. He produced no impression in any of the soliloquies, and the performance generally was characterised by an entire absence of depth of earnestness -faults which may no doubt in some measure be attributed to the indisposition under which he is labouring. The only instance in which he evinced any power was at the close of the play scene. Here he roused himself a little, and gave the lines " Why, let the stricken deer go weep," with an energy which went far to support the impression that he is capable of better things. The audience, heartily glad of the chance of applauding something, responded warmly to this effort. The closet scene was not devoid of merit, but the stage business was unskit fully managed. As regards the other characters, there was nothing in the performance of the tragedy which calls for special comment. Mr. Howe played the Ghost very well. Mr. Ireland's King is a familiar performance, but none the less agreeable. Mabs June's version of the Queen mother is equally well known, but not so well liked, though she has improved upon her last representation of the part, The Polonius of Mr. Coppin is not one of his best efforts ; mother is Mrs. Darrell at all happy in Ophelia, and last night she had to revise some of the snatches of old songs in the mad scene, her singing voice failing for quite. Mr. Roberts did not gain much distinction in Laertes. Mr. Ward deserves a word of praise for his conscientious performance of the duties of the first actor; he received a hearty round of applause for his delivery of " the rugged Pyrrhus?' speech. "The Merchant of Venice." with two acts of "The Corsican Brothers, will be played this evening. In the first piece Mr. Tavares appears as Shylock, and Mr. Howe as Gratiano. 