Tbe Innocents Abroad. ???? ( From Sydney Tunch.') It was with anxious faces that the distinguished \- .? visitors peered around in searoh of the^ cellars. ? AcooBting a man with a ted noae and a watery ' eyo, who leaned against a horse pp^t in front of the Royal Hotel, Herr Von Martin said,— ? ' My friend, wa are athirst. Tell us, oh say v ? ' at once, where, ah where, i-re my pearly beloved ? friendV wine cellars? I al'ud; to the robust Fallon.' ' ' x uu HiuiYiuuui ttuuicajcy wiuacu uut- i/» vttv \Wtttery eye, nnd expressed a . great sense of tho, humorous witL the other. He regarded tbe Great Chief for some moments — still with his oye \- ? '-- 'winked — ere he spoke. \- ? ' You're Martin,' he said, in a cohweby voice ; 'yes, yon must be Martin,' \- With a benevolent smile, the great man replied _ tbat he was Martin. ' ' „ . That cove,' cried the red nosed man with ?fluddt'n enthusiasm, ' him with tlie flit face — that cove is Lord. Ha ! ha !'' and be laughed a mrdonio laugh which aeomed to issue from some :wbere-near the fifth button of his wai6tooat. v „ ' Wherefore that laugh?' asked tho Financier^ dignity; ' what, my friend, is .thero in tho fact of my being tbe Honorttbld Lo d, to exoite your risibility— eh ? , : ' Good,' ejaoulated tho Herr, ' You'll do by ''and by, Lord. Your next Budget,' old cook; shall be extempore.' ? ? The Financier smiled gratefully, and then \- . repeated his question to the led nosed man ; who still regarded him witn a nigniy amusea expression in his faco. , - u Wlicrefore tbat Iangh ?' repeated Mr. Lord. ' Oh, nothiok 1 I was laughing at notbink, 'that's all Atnothink — yes, ha! ha 1' and onoe jnore 'the rod nosed man chuckled satirically. ?' J3ut,come,' said he, 'you said you was thusty. Poller cne. I'm the oellar man/ I am, and I've ,got' the keys. Come on.' Excited beyond expression by the red nosed man's, revelation,, tbe three gentlemen threw -themselves from their steeds, and rushed to ,embraco their .now made friend. ' Oh I' cried Docker. ?'Hal oh,' slnieked Lord.' And with oon Kflrulsive sobs and groans both gentlemen doubled .themselves up, nnd began rubbing their legs 'Tbeir 'ohief regarded Ihem with a countenauco all j . ^benevolence. . . i. : «i p00r crontures,1' said he turning to tbo cellar 'Vnau, ' ' unused in infancy to raanly sports, ; flnob as speaking tho truth, drawing tho long how t .-ond taoilnt; the fiery steed — I refer to that noble animal tbo borso — their physical sjstem is riot proof against tho invigorating exercise . incident- to ?^quostriani&m.;' , -? \-- -'In other words,' remarked the red nosed ; man, ' they're chafed.* » !*' Prpcisoly,' ' * ' Ah, well,' said the other, ' a few bottles ' of 8hirflZ will 6ei their circulation agoin'. You help that feller, and I'll carry Lord on ray back.' ' Witb this, in tbe airiest manner conceivable, the ' ' red nosed man oaugbt the groaning statesman by his nock tie, and jerkod hiaa on to bis baok. The honorable ge'ptleajan would have expostulated, -but a thro'tlod sensation interfered with distidot ? ' ' articulation, and he, tberoforo, remained silent ? until set down by tho red nosed man on a wirie 'bin. Herr Von Martin, sapporting his illustrious ?collnagno, Docker whs oloso nt hand. Upon rival, eaoh gentleman was set down on oorres \- » ponding wine bips.. They . were in a oool oellar. ? ? Tho atmospbore was redolent of lusoious wine's; oorpnlent &nd; pimply spiders, wovo their-.W$bs on the. beams of tho coiling ; a ? few rats, with deoimnussizedbodicshuroting with the i.-xcellenocof of thoir contents, met tho eye on every side ; while myriads of bottles were piled up against the walls, charged and ready to go off upon tho first suspicion of b corkscruw. It was a noble sight. Wait here, genls.' said tho cellar man, 'I'll be baok in a jiftoy ;' and he disappeared in tho gloom of -i vista of cellars. ' Of what thinkest thou ?' oried Martin, obseiviug tlmt a thoughtful exnrDS'iioii had stolun into Lord's countenance and takeD possession of it, 'of what thinkest thou, myowuone?' The Stutesniuu - stnrtod as theso playful, yet tender, words fell upon his car. ?'Mr Lord,' he responded, I was thinking that this sort of thing won't do. We mu3t put a tux on 'oorks ; also bottles.' j And he fell to chuckling, as an old hen will j chiicklo to her eliickens. ! What the Gn at Von Martin would havo I veplied to ihia n arvul'.ous sugzestion must retnsin for ever unrecordgjl, for a red nosed man, it endod by a troop of oiber red nosed men, aroied with giuilets and umlets, and carrying lanthorns, issurd from the visit of cellars. ' Set that basket down,' h» said to a red R09ed man « i Eh a wen on a bald bead, and who looked like tho Obost of Art, so luxurious was his beard, and so full of colour was his visage ' sot that basket down, perdoooo tho gla6se^t and fill 'em speedy.' . With a meobanical promptitude that suggested long service in auoh matters, the Ghost' of Ait did as he was dj&ired;, and tho oellaraian passing the sparkling fluid under each gentleman's nose, desired them to drink. 'Engy the bookay fust,' he remarked, 'taste tlie fl.iviour arterwards. Drink slow, but sure.'' Filled with the admiratioD witb which this noblo being's words of advioe inspired them, tho thrne RtntoflniPn riiil rq ho Slnrolo Vmf. surely tbo precious liquor trickled down their swan like throats, softly swam their celestial orbs in dreamy languor, whilo thoir unoccupied bands wandered feebly over their abdominal regions; and tho thing was done. With one accord they: held forth their glasses for more. ' Oliver Twist,' murmured Von Mar i in, in a voice of ecstacy — ?' More 1' ' More,' eoboed Lord. 'Most,' muttered' Docker. The red nosed man smiled, and the. Ghost of Art Ecretuhed his wen with a corkscrew. ' Take the gents glasses,' ordered the red nosed man, now addressing a beet rooty looking person, who took the placa of the Ghost of Art, ' Supply new uns — and tap tbe Beisling 1867.' With. equal rapidity' to that which the Ghost of Art had exhibited, Beetroot did as directed. 'As remarked before,' said the cellarman, ' enjy the bookay. fust, the Saviour afterwards. Drink slow, but sure;' - . Witb a precision whioh suggested the idea that with great minds tbe acquisition of an aocom. plisbment is almost a matter of intuitioD, the three statesmen passed the glasses under their noses, sniffed with delight, tossed tbeir beads back, and proceeded to enjoy tbe flavour. The Fame pantutnio action which had accompanied the first glas of wine, was gone through again, and the thing was done; ..'Wonderful,' mattered Martin. Angelic Being iB it reality ? : ' Get up,' .responded the cellarman, ' and follow me. ; You- ain't seen notbink yet,' and tbe interesting group clustered around tho presiding official, and followed him'as be led tbe way into the gloom of the vista. * * * * * It was about ten-days afterwards that, guided by the Glioat of Art,' the party returned into tho light of day. A chastened air, partaking alike of joy as of mejancholy, characterised tbo states men. - - i - ' Of what tbinfc you ?' said Von Martin to his Treasurer! ' ' Soda water,' - gasped that honornblo gentlei man, grasping his throat convulsively. '? And you, my Dockor ?' ' Soda water,' was the hoarse response ; -and he too, clutched bis jugular. 'Well,' mused the great man, 'this .is singular. I, too, was thinking of rioda 'water, let us haste and get it.' i ? SeeingoBeetroot arid the Ghost of Art, and bestowing a sppcial benediction upon the cellarman the great man, followed by his colleagues, strode j towards the hotel. Acrired there, they discovered a special , iuvitation had arrived from the Vatican, inviting tbem to dinner. '' Such is fate.' ejaculated Martin swallowing his soda water, ' We must go.'' 