FOOTBALL. melbourne v. carlton, and the past season. : The football season is now over, and it closed with perhaps the severest contest that has ever taken place in the annals of football. On Satur day last, the 30th September, the ground in the Richmond Padd«ck presented unusual attractions to the public. Outside the Melbourne Cricket- ground the two rivals clubs met. The Melbourne team were captained by Harrison, and the Carlton by Donovan ; whilst inside the ground the great attraction was the five- miles running match, be tween the runner Neary and the boy Bedford, in which the latter was victorious. In consequence of these two great events taking place, the spec tators were very numerous, and I should think that there must have been more than 5,000 lookers-on. The football match ended with any thing but satisfaction, as the Carlton umpire, on being called to decide on two goals kicked by the Melbourne team, was unable to give his decision. In the first case he stated that he was unable to decidq and in order to give an opinion on the latter, he wished to know the rules of the game. Such an umpire had better keep in hia right place— among the spectators. However, after some discussion, a goal, under protest, was allowed the Melbourne team. The Carlton nearly suc ceeded iu scoring one, but the Melbourne umpire quicay decided against them, so that the Mel- bourie Club may, in all justice, be declared the conqierors. I doubt if ever such a rough and tumHe game occurred before; hardly a Melbourne man got off with his whole skin. " One of the Carlton men had a severe tumble, and in the scuffe got all the wind pumped out of his stomach. Dr. Seed, however, was quickly at his side, and towards evening the sufferer was convalescent. One little boy got thrown against the fence, and had to be taken to the hospital. It is somewhat surp-ising that the spectators will not afford the playirs a fair field, but will insist on crowding in and mdangering their own lives and those of the players ; and with such an immense concourse on the ground as were present on this occasion, the policenen were powerless. It exhibits a very bad feeling and an unusually strong bad breeding. One nust truly now admit that football is no longe: football, and the motto of all clubs is un doubtedly "Brute force and physical strength will blL" It is quite time an alteration in the mebhtd of playing should take place, and if I migh' advise the different captains of their re- spectre clubs to form a fresh code of Yictorian rules, taking as a guide those of Rugby — and they took my advice — I should feel a consciousness that his scribble was not thrown away, for unless some ilteration does take place, I see nothing in the foreground but "free fights," and those little ncidents which Hsually attend Irish fairs. Even low; the exclamations which one constantly hears n football matches, such as " Down him ;" "Pat the crook of Maguinnis on to him;" " Thrttle him ;" " Tear his shirt " Jump on him," 3tc., show us that such a state is not far distanj and if any alteration in the method of playinj is to take place, I might truly, and most appropriately quote these words — " If i were dene when 'tis dene, then 'twere well It fere done quickly." In re V3 wing the past season, I find that the only club tht can compete at all with the Melbourne is the Carlton, and even they had to succumb. As oppnents they are brave ; but as neighbours and trmds I can hardly speak in their favour, for whn Mr. Harrison pioposed that the Cup match hould take place on the M.C. Ground, two- thirds 't the proceeds to go to the M.C. Club, and the balince to the M.F. Club, to enable them to clear tb ground of those immense unsightly trees, the Caiton men were found wanting, bringing in as theii excuse that they should also receive a share c' the money. Now, I can hardly see why they shuld stand in the way of the Melbourne club clcring their ground, and affording a clear space tiplay on, as the Carlton have a splendid groundthemselves, and have just enjoyed the proceediof a concert ; but I dare say other means to clearjhe ground than by playing a Cup match will be iund. The South Yarra have not en joyed th ghost of a show thiB season, and I should advise tftm to dissolve and reorganise ; possibly then, soie fresh blood may be induced to enrol in its rans. The Ballarat team have certainly come offiest, but more by good luck than by goodplaias the Melbourne Club played a weak team, anothe ground was strange to them. As for GeeloR, it is rather a ticklish topic to venture on, but sfice it to say, they were signally de feated. be Albert Park is a capital club, and I predict a food future for it, and although unsuc cessful thjyear, yet the next season may, pro bably, brie out their reputation. In reference to the Riauond Club they look that " physique" which is jiow all the go, and though plucky players, mess they infuse more weight into their ranks, thejean never stand up against a Mel bourne tea. I bave endeavoured to give aehort account othe season, as far as regards the Mel bourne Gib, and though I have mot gone into any lengthy nails, my readers will, nevertheless,' clearly peieve that the M.F.C.C. has come out of the fir j as usual, with eclat. Mr. Harrison is endeavfring to get up a summer match, which, for the sal of curiosity, ought to prove a decided success, ovelty always draws, and the very fact of a footbs match being played in the middle of summer be a sufficient inducement to draw the attenth of players and spectators. It is, perhaps, ih eau feelings at hearty that football i i players will put away their guernseys, and no Longer will the cries of "Forward, Melbourne," uttered by that most stentorian of voices — Mr. Byrne's — be heard ; but I am confident that all players must feel the want of a six month's repose, tend though Duff and Carr, with the heavy weight, Loughnan, would, I think, play at any time, yet it is even better for them that the Cricket season has commenced. The secretary already looks disconsolate, and though he loBt a fair pound of flesh last Saturday, besides receiving several contusions, a football match to-day would see him smiling as ever. Cricket and rowing will now engross the attention of footballers, and the first important event to be decided will be the M.C.C. v. sixteen colts, and we shall Boon now hear the cries of " Oh ! well hit, Marsden," "Beautifully bowled," "That's a magnificent catch, instead of the late " Forward Melhonmn " Valete. ARISTARCHUS. 