OC?UROI OF: ENGLAND SYNOU. Tas first session of the socond synod of the diocese of Goulburn commenced on Thursday. In the morning prayers were held in St. Saviour's Cathedral, where the members of the synod partook of the sacrament. The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Ooulburn, president of the synod, took his seat shortly after throe o'clook. After prayers had boon offered by the president, The Chancellor of the Diocese (MIr. C. Campbell) called over the names of the clergy who had boon summoned to the synod, when the following clergy men' anowdred:--'The' Very Rev. the Dean of Goul burn; the Venerable the Archdenoeon of Ynss; the Revs. J. Allan, Braidwood; P. G. Smith, Cionberra; D. P. . HIulbert, Pojdr; A. D. Soares, Qoueonboyan ; n. Leigh, North Goauburn; WV. H. Pownall, Tamet F. R. Seaborn, Young; D. E. Jones, Albury; E. H. A. Gwynnoe Burrowa; G. A. Killger, Taralga J. N. IManning, Guodagai; and E. B. Procter, IBun geasa. The Registrar of tbh Diocese (Ir. F. R. L. ERossi) called over the names of the lay iroprosentativeo,; when the following responded :--J. Pring, Marongo; R. Maddroll;,Braidwood; R; 0. Joplin, Cooma; I. Fox and T. Kirkel; Pejar; H. E. Russell, Tumut; A. BRotts and John Ml Nicklle, Weigga WVagga W. W. Bodenham ind: J. Hayes, Albury; R. J. Road, Araluen; G. l\Iartyr, Boreyn; W. Conolly and H. Zoueh, Young; G. D. IHay, Binda; E. Soeamanri, Belong; WV. F. Hayleoy, Queanboyan; C. E. New combe, North Goulburn.. . The Honorable Oharles Campboll and Ir. Rossi tookle their seats in virtue of their respective ofices as chancellor and roegistrma' of the diocese. The President'then road the following addroes: IMy dear Brethren of the Clergy and the Laity,;-' In the Providence of God wae are pornelitted to moeet in another synod. I am happy, to welcome you as Christian brethren, and to express a devout and earnest hope that our meeting may tend to the fur theranco of the gospel, and that we may all bo ani mated with a 'apirit of love end power and a sound mind. I. much regret that the time at which we meet, though most convenient to many, proves to be un sauitable to some of our distant influential members, who are unavoidably absent; Asmore than half the elected representatives appear for the first time on the lists of synod, it may be necessary to furnish ex plicit information on subjelcts relating to the organisea tion and practical working of synods. I toorefore propose to dxzamino tbhe subject briefly under the fol lowing hands: I. The arrangementsadopted by tho disestablished or disendowed Church of Ireland to mooeet the now voluntary position into which it has been forced by the noat of the English parliament. II. The proceedings of the provincial synod of New South Wales, which was assembled in Sydney in Day, 1869. III. Some important topics which have already been brought under our notice in our own synod, and others, which require further consideration and action. But, in the first place, I have the pleasure of lay ing on the table a copy of theo report of the Goulburn Btishoprio Endowment Fund; and in doing so, I will add that it contains details of thie various par ticulnrs enumerated in the resolution proposed to the synod, though subsequently withdrawn, in IMarch, 1867\. The introductory remarkls contain some ox planation of the reasons whiy its publication has beeoon delayed. A copy of the paper has been sent to every contributor whose address has boe'n ascertained. It would have been a cause ofthankfu!ness to myself and othllers if the report could have been prepared and published four years ago. The only share however which I have had in the matter hes been for five yeare to aid in expediting the publication. I. The arrangements adopted by the disestablished and disendowed church to moeet the now voluninry position into which it has been forced by the nact of the English parliament. In:tho first place, I will remark that a genoral convention has beoon constituted consisting of the bishops, olergy,'ind laity;.' A now cdnstitution mwae agreed upon. In the preface to-thisdooument it is declared that "the church still'holds fast by thd ancient lines of her constlitution, as a catholic, re" formed,' and epiecopal 'church." 'They dcommenca with a solemn preamble--" in the nams" of the Father, and the Son, and tlhe Holy Ghost, 'amon." And they.are determined to "minister the doctrino and sacraments and discipline of Christ asn the Lord hath commanded, and to maintain inviolate the three orders.of tbishops, priests, and deacons in the sacred ministry."' They add--" the Churche of 'Iroe. land, as a .reformed and Protoetant church, doth hereby re-aifirm its constant witness against the innovetions in, doctrinsesnd worship, whereby the primitive faith hath beoenfrom time to timen defaced or.overlaid, and which at the Reformation this church did .disown and reject."> They sleo resoleo to "maintain commnnion with the sister Church of England; and 'vilih.ull' other Christian churches agreeing in the prinicipleseof'this decolration; and will set forward, so'far us in it lieth,quietness, peace, and love nmong all Christinn people." To its bishops, clrgy, iand laity shall bholong the chief legislative power, and such administratlive power as may.b'o necessary for the church and consistent swith its opiscopal constitution. The presence of set least ferdy 'clcrieil' nd deighty ley repreaesetatives are necossory to constitlte abhoso.of represontaties iss tibe gonore l sy'is d." ' '2' '. " , It liass been ,'aidcdLthatla pari sh ?hol?b repro sesnted by its'vestry;: aid, for a1i prnotioel PUrposes i district, or 'c congregatioln with a' district,' is to be considered a parish. Every mclo of the age of twouty.one yoarn ahall he registorod us roeiding on or owning property in any.parish or parochial dis triet, or who has beon ain acoculomnod member of the cogregaution of the churech of such purish for ut lenst six mouths next preceding the time of reogistra tion. The registered members of the church are to form a general vostry, and in suoch vestry to- elect one churchwardon, whilo' the clurgymenm is to elect another. . Tho register of votors is to be revised oneo in each year. Thu gonorutal vestry is to elect n select vestry, which will have chargo of pluroclhial funds, and such general auperintcndoneo as the diocesan synod mar.y confideo to it. It shall elect lay delogaltes to the diocesan- synod, who shall be communsicantls, aund-in the proportion of two to each olergyiman. It is also to sleat a board of snomination, who shtll have an important voice in the selection of clergy Icen, whaleever a vacancy cocurs. This.is founded on the practices of the dioceses ofIMelbourne aind Sydney and of the dioscees in Now Zenland. The board is to consist of six members-that-is throee, walo may bo . laymen,- chosen by the parish-nand three, two of whomn. shall be clergymee, by. tile diocesi, the bishop presiding and voting if he chooses.. Dut no member of tie board of nomina. tors shall perform lny of the duties of lhis olice until he has made a solemn declaration- that he will nominato suet person only as hle believes in his conscience to be oftpureiand godly conversation and manners, and that he would nlot not through fear or olffection, but in inogleness of hatrt for the glory of God, the goed of His ehurch, and.the welfare of tis peoplo. VWhen tile nouno of a clergyman has beoen agreed upon, the bishop is bouh d to iistituto, unless there is a canonicat objection statuted il writing. Against this, the clcrgymanu or one hllif of the boalrd of nomination, cuu appeeal to the court of Igulorl synod. -A- parish may transfer its power of appoint ment to the bishop, who is also to appoiint in case tlhe nomination lapses, that is if a vacuancy is-not filled up in throe mouths. The diocesari cynod is to consist of all the licensed clergy;of the diocese, and of the'dlologates (com municants) - elected for three yeaors by the dielorent vestries, and the bishop or his comnlissary is to pre side. The clergyand laity are to discuss all ques tions in common, but may vote separately- or by orders. Any act passed by a majority of the synod voting together, or by a majority of eash order vot ing separately, is, if approved by tihe bishop, to bo bindingoon all members of the church of the diocese. If the bishop dissents, the question is to be referred to the lnext meeting of the synod. If then it be re altirmed by two- thirds of euch order, and is still opplosed by the bishop, it is to be carried to tihe general synlod, the decisiont of which is final. Heroin is a twofoltd sfeguard, ones.against hasty legislation, another againsat needless obstrulction. Ac executive council is to be forled by each diocesan synod, elected annuolly from-its members; to be a standing committee for the trunaction of such business as maye be delegated to it. SThle election of a bishop, in case of vacancy, is provided for. lBy voting-papers, eachl dologate is to write not less than one name, nor more thanu three. If any one clergyman ihas the votes of two-thirdls of the clergy, and two-thirds of the ilaity, lits enemo is at one to bhe sent up to the bench of bishops, who if satisfied, are to take stops for his consecration. If none have a majority of two-thirds, the names of two or three, who shall have a clear majority of both orders, are to be tranamitted to tile bishops, who shall elect the now bishop. This motllod is to be followed in eleven dioesesa; but the twelfth-, the diocese of Armaghi, is to select four nmunes from the bench of bishops. From thlese the bishops are to select tle primate. The diocese whloo bislop. has booeen selected for thebo primnacy shall chose one pros. byter, nud the diocesu.of Armelgh another, iuid tLi lHouse of Bishops shall ciloose one for the vaeccet see. The general synod is to consist of all the bishops, two lhundred and eight clerical, and four hundred and sixteen lay ropresonttirose, chosen by the.diocesan synods for the term of thlree yoears. All are to sit tnd decliberato togetler, but. to be counted as two lhouscs, viz,, the bishops(wilo may retire and deliberate apart wheno they please) and the representlatives. PTha bishops neeod not voto, and shall not in any case do so until the rcprasenltal lives have voted. And nothing can become a law of the chuirch if a mejority of any one order opposes. The veto of the bishops in the general synod is treated.in the following manncr:--If any measure, passed by a mejority of the clergy and a majority of thu laity is rejected by the bishops, it may le brought up aet.a future eynod. If it hbe thon adbopted by two-thirds of eicch order of representatives, it must become law, unless twosthirds of thie wholu ebonch of bishops vote against it, and give their reasons in writing.) - " " Thoro is enother provision of an important cha racter. The Irish Church Act required thlit thoieo should be a representative Church body to act as triustoee of the properlyof the church. Its functions are administrative not legislative, financial rather thaln'geserl. It is to be iceorporated by i royal charter, to hold lands, to'deal withi tihe government in respect of'moneys, and with the clergy in respect of the commutation of their incomes, as arranged by tho Act, and to act for the church generally under the coctrol of the general synod. Its members are to be sixty in number, that is to say, twelve bishops, twelve clergymen, twenty-four laymaen elected by dioceses, twelve experts selected by the rest for their financilal and legal skill, when the draft charter is approved aned signed by thie crown.. The susotenta tion fund will be placed in the hands of treusurers duly chosen, viz., theb primate, the Archbishop of Dublin, and four others. The life interests of the present clergy are not affected by, theoact.. Time is thus allosved to collect a central fund to bhe called the OChurch of Ireland Seatontation Fund. Somo pat rishes are raising money for their own endowment; and soma.have insured the rootor's lifo, in order to seciure at his death a sum, the interest of which will be devoted for the maintenance of his successors. The ncct allows the clergy to commute their lifo in torest for a lump sum, to be paid to thohurch body, who should then be charged witlh the payment of their annuities. I have analysed the constitution of the Irish church at some length, in order to shbow that our procoodings in synod, in theose Australian colonies, have foreshadowed nnd- to some extoet anticipated thearrangements adopted in Ireland. This should occourago us to matke a right use of the privileges swhich we. now possessin our synods and to give practical effect to their regulations in the several parishes fr tbhe benefit of the church in the diocese. II. The proceedings of the first provincial synod of Now SouthWelslos., - It is my duty to report that the first sessionof the provincial synod of the colony wis hold in Sydney, in IMay, 1889, consiating of the'bishops and repreo sentatives of the clergy and laity of the three dio ceses.of- Sydney, Noweastlel,.an d Goulbeurn. The following are the principa results;- On the mode in which colonial bishops should be. appointed it: was resolved by the house of representatives that it is most deiruble,lthat biahops.in this provineo should continue to be appointed by the crown under lotters patent, assigning to oech auch bishop a territorial sphere of action; but that nevertheless each diocese should-havo a voion in such appointment.. And tiis resolution was assented to by the lHouse of Bishops. A resolution expressing the expediency, ot taking stops to obtain the repeal of.the Chnrch Act 8 Wil liosm IV, No. 6, was summarily disposed of by adopt ing the previous qucestion. - The desirability of amending the law of the church relative to inarriugo was afllirmed unanimously by the house of representatives. lut beyond this tex pression of opinion no further steps were taken. The desirability of constituting a general synod, consist ing of the bishops and representatives of the clorgyand laily of thbo chuirch in the coloeics comprised within the entire province of Australia, was also anllrined, with the important reservuation that the provincial synod of the colony oxpressed its strongest diensp proval of ncy le1gisaltion,- or other action tending in the least to disunite the members ofthe Church of England in the colony from thseohilrch in England, or to weacken the connoxion which now- exists between the church in this colony and the crowne ; and suchl desirability was expressed on the further condition bthat it should be without prejudice to the maintenance of such connexion. ': In a proposal for the establishment of a general tribunal the house of representatives was cnablo' to concur. But it was resolvdd that a council of advice be appointed, to' consist of thie lotropoliltan nnd the Bishops of Neawcastle and Goulburn, and of two clergymen and two laymen friom each diocese, to advise in preparing for the consideorilion, by thie pron vinciul synod, nll busilness reflrred to it from the diocosans enodets for all purposesinecidental to the enrryicig oct of the objecto for whichl the provinciul synod- is conastitulted. This was adopted isteald of tbe ijroposition that a itanding committle be op pointed. A committoo of appeonl was also conatitulod consisting of.the Dillshops of Sydney, Nowcastle, and Goulburn, the Denus of01 Sydney and Goulburn, the Rev." E. A. Selwyo, and Plessres, W., J. Forator, W. Koono, and the lion. Charles Campholl, for tle pur pose of hearing and detoermining nappulal fromn the hoard of nominintors in tihe dioceseoo of Sydney in aoms of the refnusal by the ilishop of Sydioy to ncept a presentation of a olergymun nado to himn by the said bioard of nominators to Iv eacant cure. TIei Iloenso of Bishops propored a form of prayer for tile synods of the pirovinco amd of the diocese, to bo used in churches or in families during the session of each. I lay a copy on tie taol,.; TVho bishops also ogroed in recom monding as a suitable collection of poatlns alnd hymnts for use in their several dioceses, the Boonkof Pslmns and lHymns published by the Christian Knowledge Society, the sultetion which is in goneral uoo in the diocesen of Goulburn. 'Tho e Housui of Bitsops a ad dreseod a joint letter to the council of education on the snbject of nassislhnco to certain denominational schools; and umreadto address a letter to thie leorgy of their soveral dioceses upon the snbject of the ro ligioia inatrution:to bhe given ilt our schools. Iff. Some impbrtannt topics which have nlroady been irought undor our notico'in our own dlioesan synod, and others which requiroefuroher consitdorn tion and action.: : In looklting bck to the proceedings of thie tlreo sos. sione of our first synod, Iiperceive that somo itporoer tant topics which were bronght under our notice will require further considoeration. To those I will now advert. It is most desirable to renow the effort. to tecortiin the extent and nature of all property bh longing to thie elurih in tleto several dtistricts of the diocose, and the tenure of it; and, whlere necessary, to initioto meaeures for theo convoyanuce ol .property granted lut not le'ogally secured t ttihe church, anl to provide for tihe proper custody and regoistration of the deeds in the registry of theodioconeo. The subl division of the Clurcht of England portion of the revenuo of tohe churclh and school estate and its diao tribution to the soeveral dioceses of theI coloiy is another objoect woll'worthy of the thouightfol tl actio of the synod. I regret to say that I do tnot posseess suflicient tild atishetlory information cencorning this property; ntot can I give my untire assent low to the proplriety ni tihe present principle of subtdiviasion, viz., that tihe wealthiest and most popular diocese, whlichtI has at the same time the nmullst area, habould receivo the largest share, merely upon Itlo scale of popu lition. It must be self-evident that the diioceses which have the poorest anild the most scattetred popu lationl have the greatest need of extraneous aid of this nature. Tho qiestion of a depitation secretary hase twice been introduced. It wns suggested that the services of such a paid clerical functionary were asholutely neceossary to cerry into effect the douleo objects of making orrangmnomitl for thie eriioeni col Icetion of the stipend of the clergy and organizing local unxiliarime to toe Church Society. .. . T''he synod rsoloved that theo standing committieo should be iuthorisod, with the eonusent of tho bishop, to takte imeidiatto action in the appointment and re muneration of such deputaition secretary. Nothing, Ihowever, hiues boon doneo. Ify own belief is thist that such an oficer (if i skltilfulo, experienced clergy man could bhe found, combiiing the requisito spiritual and other qualitieo) would confer:the greatest benemits upon the diocesen anid up0on the several purishes; andt I woutld thankfully sanction tile arrangomntlt if a suitttable person worn ppoilntoted by the standiig coin mittlo. But Itero is a great practical ditliculty in finding a competenot parson willing to tundertlake tihe the ofllieo, and in providing the necessary income. Next to the great duty of pirecebing the gospel,win ning sinners to Christ, and building up ]His mystical body, thoe church, in the land-that of providing for theo adequate enantotion of the clergy has occupied most of my thoiigIIts, and causIed m thoe greatest anxiety for the past seven yeaours.. In 1807 a report was presented to the synod by. a select committee, appointed to consider what ought to be done towards thie sulstntation of the clergy. This wos most onare fully revioewed in a commitute of the whtole houiso, and adopted by thie synod wilh one or two amend nmontse. The honorary secrolarics of the Uhurch So eiety forwarded a copy of tihe report without delty, on Marchl 10, 1867, to all the clhnrchwardens of the diocense, together with important suggoestions; in order to give prnatical eftcot to the whole. Some of the regulations hiave booeen adopted by tihe parishes, and lihave beeon found most.udvantngeous. For ex ample, the formation of a parochial council, actingini concert with tbo ehurchwardone in each district; theo remittance of the elocal stipend fund to the treasurer of the Churchl Societly, and the payment of the same to the clergyman by the intervention of the central committee; iand the requirement of a spoecial collec tion in every church on,two Sundays each.year, in aid of thei Church Society's general fund. These re gulatiole htave oxeorolaod t bineioial influence upon the church at large.. I trust tihat the remaining re gulatuions will in time to come be procticoally adopted also. They are the following::-Tb'ht in eachi dis triot at register should beo lkept by the clergyman, containing the nlmee and addresses of ill the mem bors of the church under his charge in tihe district; that timhe parochill.coinoil or comumitteo should fill up the list of all who wnorewilling to contributo to thet eusl.entation fund, and that the hsubscriptions he paid in tdivance, at such periolds as tihe sutsoribers. moy desire; that every district applying for the appoint moat of a clergyman should provide a guarnntoo, given by responsible persons, that a stipend .was securedo of not lose hban £300 ai yoear.withoul t houso or £250 with a houso. WVith a view to tile furtheor taco of this important object of sustaining the minfi trations of the clergy, the Clhurch Society was estab lished. The synod has already rceognised tli, bono fits which hove been conferred upon the diocese by its operations, and have adopted it as an " important inslrumeont in promoting the interests of the church." I commend the Church Society to the special support of tho synod.and of ovory.momhor of the church in the diocese. The question of a parochial endowment ifund will, T trust, be duly considered by the clergyman and church ollicors of overy district. The synod has already resolved that.such a central endowment fund ought to be collected from the diIfferent purishes in the form of voluntary contributions'and plaeod under theo management of the stiinding committoee; that efforts should also be made to dionate endowments in each parish under the management of local trustees. or of the bishop of thu dioceso; that the appropria tion of the church reserves in each township should be secured in trust for church purposes; thnat larger glbesbo should be obtairied by gift or purchase; that owners of property'ashould be requested and on couraged to give endowments in land to te held in perpetuity as a glebo, in order that at least forty acres may be provided in each parish; and that a parsonage-house of a suitable charaotor should be erected for every clergyman. Directions woro given by tho synod in 1808 that the churchwardens of eaceh parish be reqoested to consider those resolutions and to report whether they would be acceptable as the basis of an ordinance to be passed by the synod. I presume that the general silence of thn diocese gives general consent; and' would recommenod that an ordinance be propared and osubmitted to the synod on this subject, as well as on that of the susetntation of the clergy. Theose are in my opinion the most important .and the most urgent practical subjects with which the synod can be oeoupied. The stariding committee of the late synod will solicit your co-opormtion and - that of the diocese in the affairs of the lato Church of England periodical. You are awaio'that it was originated in 1867 by a resoltiuon of the synod, which strongly urged tho establishment of uich a paper and appointed a conm mitteo of its members to. confer with lothe standing committee as to the best means of establishing and supporting it. Tho members of the synod thus initiated proceedings, and brought out the Southern Observer ts the ofllicial organ of theo diocoso. In 1868 a solent committen of the synod examined into the whole subjct and presented a report. T.hat iroe port was furIther codniddredhby the committee of the wholeo houose, which resolved that they. approved of the plan adoptod by thoe tanding committoee in bringing out the Southern Observer is the diocesan periodical; and that it was oxpedicnt to"support by sympathy'nnd co-operation the standing commit teeoo in carrying out thb papei." The resolutionof the committee of the whole house was formally ,dloptod by the synod on the 6th October, 1868. Great etorte wore subsequently made by the standing committeo and others to obtain success for the undertakting. At length, however, it was deoomed expediont to abandon it, on the ground of the increasing pecuniary responsibilitioen which were incurred on .account of the publiocation by several gentlemen, members of the standing committee; and it wansfolt that the synod, which hod led them to undertake these lia bilities, would relieve them as soon as the facts were made knownu. : A propositimon will aceordingly obe submitted to the approval of the synod as to the mode in whieh these responsibilities may be so distributed as to cease to be burdensome...: A standing commritteo should be ohoson. This, if 'ropiorly olected,.would be a valuable diocesainn coun oiL in-llnt mattera relating to the business of the synodmind in all questions ii lewhich the .Bishopl mightfrom lime to time desiro to adviseo. On the last occasion out of the twenty-one.members chosen only nineowereo resident in GLoulburn, and three ot these iosigned, redueing the committee to a number below a practical flloiount condition, On the preosent occaseion we hall, I hope, avoid a simlilar ftiltro by ,lteting gontlomno able to give time to tihe duty ro quired. T'J.'ho exposes of the olorgy ottendiog the list tission in Goulhturn, and aloa thie pirovincil ny1nod in Sydney, havo not all beeoon paid. 1 regret to luarn thls woa cainsood by the falltro of soveral of the parishles to provide tohe amount it which they were assessed for the purpose of mooeeting tnch expensoes, acoordiog to a resolution of the syndt. ThIe Int standitng committee will submit a Lstatement on the subjuet. lMyttlcntionhos ahootrealld by one of oar absent loricaul brothron to tho impurtanoco of obtiti ing and plublithing anottally in a: complite form statistical information respecting time number of churclloes, chapels, ochoolso, parsongieo, and the num bar of oonmmunioants, attelondalts onrtho services of the lchurlch, &o.;, with a view to isertain from time to time the progress of time churoh, both in the several parishes and in tho dioeeso gonorally, I trust lthat thie synod will adopt moeasures for tht oileotual an. comlishmont of this design, which was before uts oni two former oecasions. I shill he happy to aid the standing comnitteoo when it is appointed in attaining this obijeolt. If tany schemao can also hobe devised for the esttblishmlnut of hooki deplts for the otlu of the Iholy seripltreos, the ioonic of Cotmmon 'ttayor, ntd other religious works in the several parochial dit. trihtt of the diocese after the ottmplo Ittd it cooneo. tion with the depit in Goulbur, I· shall bo ready to encourago tihe deign. : A scale of fees sanotioned by bo hishop has teen issued fronm thol registrar's ollico andi generally circu lIted in the diocso. Motdel trust doeeds htvo bocn long under the ootsidlortlion of our learned clhtin cellor and otlheor legial friends, tnd art now. prepared for ndtoptiot in tlhe diocese. T'lo provision of at fund for disalledl clergymeno' and for widows and orphanst of the clergy ito mttado no progress inoceo the discus sion of the snbtject in synod, it October, 18G08. In conolsion, Il havo merely to intimateo that it will ho necoteory to tppoint oicretaries to the synod; an electioin conmmittoo to examine into nnd determine upon the validity of the oleclions of rlepresentatives; achalirman of committlcs, withl probably a cleric of the conmmittee of the whlolo houso; na stlanding coam mittoo, with secretaries of thosatmo; and it duo time representaltives to the provincial synod, though tihe last need itot be lecoted during tte presont session. Our mootings in synod, oven if no other good wore to rbtslt from them, are ulways calcelated to be uso ful to us by the intorolimigon of Iriendly roelatioos ntnd intercourso. Thtoy tend to rouse us all to grcator actlivity it tie work of tie church. I sometimes vooturo to hops tthat the tinme is niot distant when the synod may render esseontial service it sone schemes which I Inhave nmch at heart. One is the erection of a suitatlo clurch in the city of Goulburn; alnd tihe other, thie uhdivisioi of the dioceso, by tie formation of a now sen in the west. BUt.nt present I merely suggest theso subjects for cotnsideration. The design for building the cithodral will be s?ub miltledto t publio moeliting on itondiy, the 13th of -tMarch, whoen tie members of the synod will Iltrust, give tus tiheir tuntnimous snupport. Thie scheme for slubdividing the diocese will reqtiro further time for cotnsideration ind l noaction. An opiscopal residence in Goulburn is noearly completed. hity the Holy Spirit preside over our synod and buptico us witlh th spirit of love tnd wisdom, ind omako usa of us for the furthleranc of tie glory of Ohrist ind the hastoning of His kintgdom on earth. The Very Revo. thebo Doenn of Goatdlburn moved " that i vote of thanks be givort to his Lordship for his very clear and lucid address, particullrtly for the ollolsion made therein to the ChOurch of Ireland; anl that the members of the synod request that the ad. dress may be printed." Mr. Zouch seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. His Lordship returned thanis, promising to have tbo address ptintedans soon 0s possible. Tho Very Revo. the Deao thoved, and thile Vonera ble the Archdoncon sccoudod:--"n That the Raos. W. It. Pownall, A. D. Paddicomblo, and Mrl. S. I1. Belcher ho the secretaries for the synod." Tiloe Rov. WV. 1I. Pownall, in returning thanks, said it was also necessary to have n secretary to take minutnoe of procoedinogs wlile the hous wast it com mittes. The loast report was fiulty in thot respect as tlhro was no recordi of such proceeodings. 11o moved thalt the Rev. F. It. Setborn be secretary to committees of the whole house. The Venemrable the Arohdetcon seconded the mo tionwhicho was carried. SOn tihe motion of the Archdeacon, seconded by the Rev. W. H. Pownallt, the Rov. E. II. A. Owynno, L. Loigh, W. B. Pownall, P. G. smith, ond Meuris. C. 1E. Nowcombeo '. Kirkto, J. laynce, 1; Fox, and J IMc Niokltle woroe appointed a committOo to examioo and determine the validity of the election of the lay reprotontatives. . The RIev. R. Loigh brought up the following ItePoonor'o Tit ST.I'ItrtO CoomtnTror. . Tte bttndinlog comnittl e reglret thiot tly hare not ai moro tolumitmus reotortlo prentent oni tills oeeoson, an0 otto tlat would bear toru enfctliely upon the wort of tle dioceeo. 'lto tegan y oh t syno d foetor yono tI tto mtotr of tOto Sotr Obstrer n pet r n r d tep rit Otexptenses of tytoitd dIner ratyll luto too fally oecetutthed their tittie tntd ttlotentlot to alloir t to te reoler consoideratiot to ttoe Inportant suejelts. Yottr 'oettlttte were nppcinled to oarry oni Otto bhitttess of Onthe irst fyorodluritu te interalof Itos lost osession ranlo the piresent syunod ip matters retitill ota too iassesment of ptrllltr and to provde fundo to mett eXptteooft ti syn o d ttrd a to wtalt its interests ando dihtnrgo Its responsinblitles in the mtlter of tile S hutltrn Obsoterver eiwasopar. t'lto srthnrig iomtmitteo hvoe dbtyd h er Insttrutilons itn hattesoe wstejot, rnmd rtelrets to eport ttlto it has nt yet hbceatn toobtithe t fu noion to r Coollyof ns ttcndt duo frot the herol parisohe oto l t eounmtotpoeof ott oe of peos sno wyuod adl loeilolalt ynod; atnd that ts e todablteindetes of eve synod on nccount of thm oouttbornObseroer Is tot fully tot bty the tsale of tto type nd planot, oor whlco t omltteero by, oe of Ite motenlbers ield a lire to th e full extent of tto vatle of the property nmedr. Ollo totstetemiut of tihe treasurer tI nceount nitht tilo stolnding eommittle I redy nd wilt be road to you, ns als tie staite. emnt of eeouumt it the matter of the Southern Obshroer nowspononr. . TIn heonlusion the stanting camdtteo respetflully urge tlism synod to tlbe Immedlite oclion wlit rofgreinc o the Ieouthorn Ottserlertonao t a to ppo uleo t n omne itte e tt o In velslgto ncud retoort o te wolo subject of the liobility of the ytot Id hthe tnmtter of Otto outthern Obrerecr enospopnr. [The naet clause of Ithe report hero given' was. added subsetquently itt lieu of a clause strucle out which reeommended itho sottloment of the claims agaoinst the synod on eount of tho.Southelrn Oh serveor by aon Oequitahle assessment in tho difloront parisheso.o The report was ordered to beo receivod. On the moten forRito adoption, considerablo dis-to cussion onoutd principtllyto as to whetlr if. the re port wor dthtd-e od thu synd would he bound by its recommondatioms. iTho Prcsidont rulod that this wotld hroTh e et of odoptingr the report. After frtther dication toile tcomoideration of the matter was adjoarned tillta later period in the bean tig. " . O . On toe motion of Ar. conolly, seconded e by Mr. Martyr, the standitg ordero of the previous slynod wmore aduoptod by thooprosent ynod, alterintg hovioer the timlo p of tinetisy maclorditg to ruloe 2, frocn 0.30 t.m. to 3 p.m. On the motion o1 Mr. Inlddrll sncobnded by the too. D? P. iI. fIulbert, ,ir. Itnoai was mtppointod chairman nf iomntittoos of Otto whole house. STo siotting arois then adjourned till seoven o'clock.: On reauminig, 'l'ho Ruo, ,V. 1. Pownall brought up the report of tho eleotion committeo aanouncing that alttho hoec tiont wre wreormal t. - bOn the motion of Archdeacon Itillingeton, scondod by tIhe itr. 1. Loigh,:tho report of tteo stndiong committet wos adopted, with te last t clauso nltored as above, omitting the recommendation for Tettling tho Southern Obseroer olaims bh' essesomont on the parishes and suboatitluting.ra suggestion for thoir reforenco to a colect committe e... Tho Reoy. R. Loigh moved that a ethot committuee beoeppointod to investigate atnd report upon the whole uthjoct of the synod in the matter of the Southrfor Obsherver, anod that tho'conmitteo consist of tho folt lowing gentlomon :-.Thlo Vory: Ito. the Dean of Goulburn, tho Vonorable Archdoncdn of Yuss, the Itoas. A. B. Scoares, 1). ii. ,nnes, and R. Loigh ; and lI~essrs. S. II. lBelchor, Fi'. R. I.; Rdssi, 11. Mladdroll, A. ottts, J. Potting, .. B., Nowtombo, and XV. Conollv. " ThoaVenorablo that Archdeacon seconded tho mo tion, which was carried. Tho Itov. D. E. honos movoe--" that a sothot com milteo of four clerical and five lay represntatiaes ho now appointed by btllot to consider the Church Aot Bih Win. IV.,No. 6, and to report to the synod during the preooont oesoion what stops, if any, should be taken to obtain from the legishaturo the repeal or amond moat of that tcit." 1o thoaught he could sutisaLfytho lay members of the itnjury dotne in the prncticlt work ing Of the Charoh Act. "ITho subject was brought b|fore tlie provinoiat synod ito Buoy lust; but the con sideration of it was put isida by the previous questign being moved. :.Ono requirimentotf tho aot was that oturohatrdoo suhould Ite elected on Estler Tuoeday ; nomd Ithough the charioollor had suggested to omothod by wthiolo thist could he dons wnitthout the clorgymoa. heing presotlt, he acktnowledgod thiot tlis coairso would bh slightly irrogultr.' ,\Vhy.thon should they idhero to ou ano witich it wast ilopoeaibtlatoearry out P Olergymen who had charge of, thrue or four thtrches could nbt bd preslnt at all ontheuearnu day, ]oasides, it was troublesoomo to heop aeeounts for un delinoed periods,.nd Easter was a moveable foast. At preosenttho churchwardens' accounts had to he mado up from Easoter to Easter. It was not out of plnoo to saggost a mode of obviating the dioficulty. In tihe diocese of Melbourno the Church Act was re pealed twelvo years ago, and regulations had hoon framed which worked satisfactorily. They might learn a lesson from that diocese. An uact of the church assembly provildeld that on any day iu the orst week of January meetings should be herl for the elcolton of churchwardens; and it had never occurrred that there was no election from tlre bheitg no meeting. Tihe next subject was that of pew-rents, These couldnoc be legally devoted to the payment of the stipend of the clergyman; and -lwhlero it was dono it became a question whelhor th churchwartdens were not open to prosecution. When the act was passed, as there were no clergymen who, did not receive stateonid, there was no necessity for devoting any part of the pow-ruets to paying their stipends. In Molbourno the peow-rcnts might ho used to make up the minister's slipendt, and after that the surplus might he devoted to other purposes. Thu stipends of the clergy were the most particular matters to be looked after, and the Church Act put an obstacle in the way of paying them. Again ithe chlorchwnrdcos had no power to recover pow-rents left in arrear without going through much circumlo eution. Why was it not possible ftor them to recover the rents tloe samet as any other debt? Tlidso matters Iladl com tnder hIis notice sineo he tInd been lengaged in the ministry. There could he no doubt in the mind of any clergyman that a me amencdmett was necessary, if not the repeal of the not. Tl'e Royev. WV. [I. Pownall, in seconding the motion, saidl he spoke feelingly on the subject of'the Church Act, a leo bad oneo nearly lost his life itn ondeavour. ing to carry out its provisions; and if he had donuso and an inquest httd been held, thoejury must have re turned a verdictl, of " lost his lifo through endeavour ing to carery out the requirementse of the Church Act." lavitng cheirgo of both Young and Grenfell, ho required to be at both places on Easter Tuesday; but there happened to be a Ilood, and in trying to cross a creek ht was stuck it it for two hours, and was only rescued from hisn perilous position by tihe aid of a 1Wesleynt brother; and this risk was run io trying to carry out the Church Act. Now, whltere a clergymanh lIad fourkchurches, some forty or fifty mtiles apart, howo coult he bhe at all on Easter Ttue dany? It is true that if no meeting is hold the bishop can elect; hbut tie people are not satisfied with that motdeo of proceeding, or at anving no hoance of ex tmining the chluruchwardens' nccounts. Another rca sont ht tltl for supporting tie motion, was that whlilo the Churcth Act remnained he was guilty of brcakloing it; for when the churcllwartdons told him they could noot raise his stipendl by other means, and handled Itirn money out of the pew-rents, he could not resist the temptatiuon. It churclus where tohe seats woro entirely free, tlhere could he no election of church wardoens, on the electors must be rcnters of sit tings. "Io Ihadt found this diffliculty at Tumut. Tie idea of hanving to iay for sittings had nearly beoen the ruin of tile churulch. For those reasons he supported the oiiotion. u .. Mr. Pring opposed the motion. It ivas an old es tLablisod custtom to elect chturchwrirdens on Eastur Tuesday; and Ie was sorry to find clorgymori the first to pull down the bulwarks of thie church, Churchwardonti can bh olected without a clergyman being present. The electors preseht could choose their'own chairman and proceed to the election. With roegard to devoting a portion of the pow rents to the stipond, so long as no one interfered whly should they moddle with:the matter ? II there Wvore a diiculty in getting money, why not get it in any legal way ? If the puw-rents were done away with, they would not be able to raise the stipends. Theoy had better leave well alone. Mr. Conolly said it struck him that a large num bar of lay reproesentatives wore with the mover and seconder in this matLter. Mr. Pring was under a misapprotosion. The mover did not mako any mistako in saying the act compelled a clergyman to be at enveral placnes at one time; and clergymen wero most liloly to.bo right in the matter. They wanted to have a legal right to devoto some portiou of tbh pow-.ranls to the clergyman's stipend. They wore all aware that somoporsons whom it was most deil rable to liave as churchwardens could not he cloctod becauseo they 'were unable to get pews in the tchurch. Suchman oughtnot to booxcluded. While it was undesirablo to do away with any good old customn that worked well, they should not uphold it simply because it was an old custom. Ho thought the clergy were bhcoming radical reformers, though they had generally been looked upon nas too coueor vnativo; but why should they not, if they did not reform too hastily P 1e should cordially support the motion. . Th ev. P. G. Smith said the mover and secoonder had ovidontlynot taicen notice that the clauses ro lating to the pow-roents Ihad reference to churche built by tho government, and not to those built lately. .With rogurd'lo tho election of churchwatr duos on IEnstor' Tueday, that hal also relorene in old ctbirches. Chlurchwardenacould bo electeld wvith out the clergyman being present. There was no ne ceessity for going in for a repeal of the Church Act. He woald move the previous question. nIr. Pring'would second it. Thio Rov. V. HI. I'ownll and the Rov. E. B. Proctor strongly oppoed the previous question. The Cthancellor was sorry that tihe objections to the Church Act should have come from clergymen, beceuse in this colony a democratic feeling must obtaiu. He would rather that clergymen stood for ward to teach their flocks and to urge them to seaorch out for'the old ways, and not look out for now ones. The act was not the offspring of a democratie mind, but was prepared by Sir Wolliom Burton nod Mr. James Norton for lishop Broughton; and mon who Iknew thlso gentlemen would he aware tthat they were not likely to pass an act so objectionable as it had been made out to bhe that evening. And after all what were the objections ? Paltry in the extreme. If they'had been urged by laymon he would say that "foole rush in where angels fear to tread.' Lo would urgo the peoptle to consider what men they returned to the legislaturo. They would sok the parliament to repeal an nact without which it "would be utterly impossible to work the machinery of their church, and they wanted to do this for reasons so paltry that it would appear that the real motive loud not been named. Ito defended the election of ehurchlwardens on E0ster Tuesday as an old-establseld cusotm anolioned by the wisdom of our ancestors. lie combatted the arguments adduced by these who complained thaot the pew-rents could not legally be given to the clergymen, and contended for the wisdom of the pro sent practice. fle should deplore any attempt to interfere with the present nact. Tihey should stick to this oltl act and the old canots. They mightget thia net altered or repoaled without getting any other act in itsplace. The Church of England was so weak in tho legislature that members woul grasp at any opportunity to deprive lher of what few advantages selo possessed. He would warn them if they w0er0 now careless and rashly destroyed this act, it would not require the mind of a prophet to foresee what would happen. Archdonooo Lillingston agreed with some of the principles enunciated by the learneod ohaon collor, but not with his deductions. Though thoy were doubtless able men he would not go back to tie early lawyers in this colony, but would go to an older and greateor authority, St.James himself, whoso writings hereon he quoted. The whole matter of the Churoh Act wont to makeo respectable people comfortable. The principle of this act had done a vast amount of harm, and had caused people to turn aside from their churches. They wore not asked to act hurriedly, but to appoint a select committee to bring up t distinct report by which the wishes of thoeynod might be understood. 11t had heard tho chancellor nod other lawyers give different opitionltu on thineaubjct. Other bodies got on well without this act, ond w0re they so feeble that they could not stand alone without stato-aid P They had boeen lean ing on it too long, and thoy could do without it. In order that th laitoy might take tn active part it church synodo they must have that swept away which was a hindrance to all ehurch action. What did they want with legislation atall? If they worled rightly in their synods they would go on having a higher aim and line of guidaote, taking their Supromo Ruler as their guide. Io should support the motion. Mr. A. Butts foil very sorry to sot his opinion in oppositionto that of the chantcellor; but ho looked upono the subject iu a t ommodaonso slew. Tho ohancollor orgued that-it would be unwise to upset what had been done by the legislature; but when this not -was passed it was itnpossiblu to legislate for thu present circumstances of the colony. Then the slatoe ualonost entirely supported the clergy, and also mada grants towards erecting churcheo and paroongens. They would do well to follow the example of Miel bourne.. rit himself was greatly influenced by what had been aaildy the clergy; and the chancellor could not have the tame knowledge of the practical work ingof the Church Act oas they had. In spirit thoanet, -required clergymen to preside over iall meetings for the election ol churohwardens, and when the act was .paesod each clorgyman had but ono clhurch; but now .having two or throo it was impossibie to carry out that provision. The aot, too, distinctly stated that thoe ohurchwardone must bha powholders, distilct from more renters ofa sitting, who twhile they can vote cannot be elected. Ho agreed witht the chancellor that churchwardons ougiht to be powholders; but in Gaoulburn there wore men well qualiflad for the oflice who wore inologiblo booeauseo they were not hblo to got n pow; and such no doubt was the case olsoewlteor. It was going too far to argue what might talto place if the anot woro repeoaled. When'the report was brought up it woutld bn timo oenough to consider those matters. W\Vhon the clergy stated positively thlat the Chunrch Act throw obstacles in their way, they were bound to listen to their representations; and lIe thought they had made out their case and tihat a commnittee slould be apjloitlcd. There was nio wish to leave the church without a constitullion; and if the act were repealed they could got an orndinnce that would include and moat all cases likely to arise. ''Thero was another thing hIe desired to refer to. In Sthe schedulo attaohod to the act, the scale of chaorges .fnr erecting tabloets or monumenls, or oven for bury Sing, was too high. To creat a tublet wesld cost from £5 to £20. This was excessive. Oharoges for vaults and singlo graVes woro also excesseeivo. Mr. lessi spoke in oppiosition to the original motion. . The Roev. A. D. Soares said thanks wore due to the member for Cenberra for movinig the providus quostioo, as it lhad been the moeans of raising the present discussion. ° Mr. Conolly found it ditiollult to usnderland what : the chancellor really meant. lie had not orrived at his legal opinion at all in the midst of his flowery haragne. It would tend to ongenlldor better feoliiings if he gave them the advintage of his knowledge without going into irrelevont matter. Nlothing hadl beeon said to negative the simple requnst fir a select committoee. They did not want to go ii for repeal but simply to amend the act; and if the framers of the act weoro thIero they would in all pirohbablility nssist in so amonding the not is to adlapt it to ipro sent circumstances. The President thon put the iprevious qunostion Sthat the qucstion t he en ontertained--twhichl was carried in the affirmative. The motion was thleon pul ; and lthe Very ]Rev. the Dean, after those in fovour lhad hold up their hlondi, aslkeod if hle woro too lute to demand that the voting should bi by orders. After a little dlisecssion, the Presidenolt rnled that lie was inot, anOd it was decided that thle votiog shotild be by orders, tr. Itossi iand the ]1ov. ]). IE. Joloes having Icen nppointed toilers, the voting was proceeded withl: Ayes-clergyman, 7; laymenl, 11; rlutalt, 18. Nons clergy, 6; laymen, 8; toetal, 14; maunjority for the ayes, 4. 'Teo President than declared the motion carried. (Cheers) A ballot then tookls plue for the nosmittoee when the following wore eloutnd:--Thluo Venerable Arch. deacon Lillihgston, the "Ilv,. W t. II. ]ownall, ]). E. Jones, Rt. Leigh, MIessrs. Betts, Irussell, Conolly, Hlayes, and RIossi. After the benediction, the House adjourned until next day. 