it r ri 11 until ffintti WALLAROO : WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8. Untortunately for South Australia, the interests of Adelaide—the metropolis— and of Port Adelaide—the chief shipping port of the colony—are supposed by pat riotic people in the Legislature to he at variance with the prosperity and progress of other districts in the colony. We say supposed to be, for it is only a miserably shortsighted, dog in the manger sort of Dolicy, that would actively endeavour to stifle and clog the trade of one district losi: thereby the freight of a single vessel's cargo should be diverted from one port to another. Moreover, it is a policy that carries its folly and absurdity written on the very face of it. The history of the world is replete with instances in which it has been sought to drive trade iu cer tain unnatural courses, to guide it as it were with a bridle, and carry it hither and thither away from its navural inclination into certain pet localities. The measure of temporary success that has attended any such efforts has been purchased at the expense of localities where facilities for commercial intercourse have been placed under a ban, and the trade that has thus been coddled up has been as de crepit and as rotten as was to have been expected. Moreover, it is a sign that there is inherent weakness when the in terest of a town, or the trade of a pert, has to be thus artificially protected, and debarred from healthy competition with its neighbours. That interest which is made the care of individual selfishness, and that trade which is only conserved by the grace of the legislature, and by constant wirepulling behind the scenes in the House, is felt to be essentially a moribund one, and its activity is on a par with that which we might expect to see put forth by a semi-inanimate object. The effects of such a state of things in a country are plainly manifest to discern ing observers. The trade of faxmmA port is sickly and exotic; the interest of the pet locality is feeble and debilitated; and the vigorous effects which follow when trade runs in its own proper chan nel are paralysed and prostrated in the various districts of the country. Such is the case with South Australia at the pre sent time. The healthy expansion that its commerce would have found for itself, had it been allowed to gravitate to its own natural course, is wanting ; and, in- j stead, there is merely the inanity that passes for commerce in the colony, but which is a byeword and a reproach in all the other colonies. South Australia, as a colony, has been exceptionally favored by nature over the other colonies. The history of the colony abundantly demon st rates that wheat can be grown here, with less labor and at less cost, than in either Victoria or New South Wales. No great navigable river empties itself in the sea along the New South Wales coast line, as the Murray, after traversing a vast breadth of the Continent, and after being fed by the Murrumbidgee and the Darling, does on the shores of South Aus tralia' Victoria^ it is true, was immensely favored in the possession of enormous de posits of gold, but already the yield from these is lessening rapidly as year after year flits by. Against these South Aus tralia has her. world renowned copper mines, the working of which is yet but in its infancy: Notwithstanding these ad vantages South Australia remains under S a cloud, and other colonies, with less ap parent reason, outstrip her day by day in the race for progress. How is this to be accounted for ? The fact is undeniable that although the geographical position of South Aus tralia should give her the command of the ! whole of the Riverina trade, the Murray trade, and the Darling trade, nothing whatever, or what we are fulling justified in terming nothing whatever, has been done to conserve this trade to the colony. Further, a portion of this trade has wil fully been driven away and alienated by the absurd tariff passed only last session. Adelaide merchants, as every one of them knows, are placed by it at a disadvantage with Sydney and Melbourne merchants. But this is not the primary point. All that our legislators have done, or thought of doing, was to bring this river trade to Port Adelaide. To accomplish this only last session a committee of the House sat and recommended the construction of a road (through one member's district by a little log-rolling) to bring the trade to Port Adelaide. That is to say, instead of allowing the ships to load at Port Victor, a road must be made to take the wool, etc., to another port forty miles away. On this point the following intelligent re marks appeared last week in a letter from a Darling squatter, published in the Southern Argus. This gentleman, after justly estimating the value of the committee referred to says :—" I am an old resident of the Darling, with no preferences for Adelaide, Melbourne, Port Elliot, or Port Yictor, and earing not one straw for Mannum, except in so far as that struggling little-village can work its way into prosperity without a wetnurse. My first and principle wish is to see adopted and encouraged the cheapest and most expeditious channel for the wool trade of the three great rivers before- mentioned and the very important collateral branches of commerce therewith connected, feeling well assured that however coddled and nursed any other channel must ultimately prove a failure; imbued with this feeling, and no other, I cannot but regard with c-ontempt the petty, small- niin-.led? self seeking, which dictates more than, half the recommendations, and which clearly have more regard for the interests of the individual recommending than the welfare of the colony. "Whilst each and all ad mit that the trade is leaving the colony, and that Melbourne is thriving at the ex pense of Adelaide, few are liberal or pat riotic enough to advocate the only course which can preserve the very important Riverine trade of the interior to South Australia! and what is of still more con sequence to the squatters of the great rivers, aud others commercially connected with tbein, a cheap and expeditious tran sit for their produce and their supplies. Common sense and a very ordinary know ledge of facts are Abundantly sufficient to convince any jone who haB given any attention to the matter, that Port Victor is the one port destined by nature and providence to become our great wool de pot and entrepot, and unless the Adelaide capitalists, or rather the people of South Australia generally, submit to the decree, they will be compelled to acquiesce in the logical and inevitable results of their folly and infatuation in a still farther de cline of trade, and a contemporaneous exercise in the trade of the sister colony." There is no occasion for us to add a word in the shape of comment on the extract we give from this letter. It speaks for itself and will commend itself to every man endowed with common sense who will read it. The same petty, peddling spirit, redo lent of the tinpot, which has characterised South Australian legislation in respect to the river trade is to be traced in the South-East. No question can be enter j tained by any reasonable man that the | money fooled away over the Strathalbyn j tramway ought to have been expended in making a great highway for commerce ! j from a South-Eastern Port towards the j interior. The large amount of settled country, comprising some of the best lands in the province, between Port Mac dounell and Narracoorte affords a recom mendation for that route that no other is likely to possess during the lifetime of this generation ; but the cry was raised Adelaide will sufter, and so the knife was laid to the root of that tree. Again, there is the Peninsula, with its 20,000 head of population, but which would practically have a much more intimate connection with South Australia, if it were an island, separated from the main land whence it draws its supplies by 100 miles of water. But then Ade laide and Port Adelade interests block the way against any communication other than the roughest and the rudest being made between this great market, compos ed entirely of consumers, and the produ cers. The fifth and sixth rate men who crawl into Parliament, if they have not Port Adelaide interests in their hearts or their pockets, either have the screw puton them by those who have, or sufficient in ducement is shewn to them to sway their small minds and bend their inane selves. And so, the canker worm is fastened on the vitals of the colony. Foe many years tlie mental calibre and abilities of Napoleon the Third were a favorite subject of speculation with political quidnuncs and theorists. On this point the world was divided into two classes holding very opposite opinions. One set of thinkers obstinately refused to credit him with more ability either for the Cabinet or the field than it was pretty j generally allowed he possessed'virtue in 1 private life. After the coup d'etat Punch teemed with caricatures of a Napoleon endeavouring to force his legs into his Uncle's Jack boots, and trying to look and dress like the man of Australity. Time wore on, and there began to be a considerable number of believers that the Empire was not a sham and the Empebob not the impostor it had been predicted be would turn out. He was credited with statesmanlike abilities ; it was certain he was a successful man ; and the question turned upon whether he was not a much farther sighted man than the world had supposed,—able to plot silently, and vigor ously to earry his plans into operation. At the close of the Italian struggle with the Austrians, in which the Emperor acted as Commander-in-chief, he was on the very pinnacle of greatness, and had, against many predictions, raised himself into the position of the most powerful sovereign in Europe. The Commercial treaty which he concluded with England seemed to set forth that he was a man slightly in advance of his time and of his people—more in abreast with the spirit of the age than they. Had he died about that time, what might have been the sub sequent position and fate of his dynasty it would be impossible to tell, but the fact is certain that he would have left a reputation behind him, supported by deeds, that he had been a shrewd and subtle plotter, a successful captain of armies, an able administrator, and a politic sovereign who had reigned under most peculiar circumstances, but who bad raised himself into the first rank amongst sovereigns, at the same time largely ad ministrating to the appetite of his people for national glory. Now he will be judg ed differently. Very probably, versions of the coup d'etat will now be written other than those that have now seen the light. Per haps the best known of these is that by Mr K1KGI.AKE in his .history of the Cri mean War. Whilst Mr Kistglake in his own forcible but cultured language told of some of the most disgraceful scenes ~ that ever stained the pages of history, he throws out numerons Mnts that dreadful as "was the tale lie could tell, the most barbarous murders were committed in a wholesale manner, of which he was unable to supply the record. As soon as Paris escapes from the sanguinary struggle for existence she is now engaged in, we may expect that some disclosures, hitherto. ; carefully buried in the minds of some \ men who feared to tell what they knew j' • ; will leak out. But, it inay be pointed out, that much Mr Eon&lake; said of Napoleon—much that was then believed to be unjustly deprecatory—has to a cer tain extent been confirmed by recent events. We now know that he could not be rightly considered a great general. Under his immediate presence, and at his wish, tbe vast French army at Sedan capitulated. At that time no such capi tulation bad before been chronicled. No: great soldier, at tae head of 100,000 troops, had before Napoleon's time capi l tulated rather than cut his way out from a beleaguered fortress. This to a certain extent confirms Mr Ktnglakk's views that Napoleon was wanting in that physical courage possessed by hundreds i of soldiers who never rise from the ranks,. It will, we imagine, not be argued after what has happened that he possessed either the abilities of a general or tbe courage of a soldier. Before Mr King lake's history appeared it had been gene rally admitted that a great blunder was committed in the negotiations which took place immediately after the fall of Sebas pool. The Allies had broken the shell of the nut but they were prevented by Napoleon from eating the kernel. The English, as it is now known, remoustratedi energetically, "but the Empebob declared that the struggle must cease as be was - unable to continue it longer. Again h^ commenced a campaign with the affirma tion that Italy should be free from the Alps to the Adriatic ; but it will be re collected how that war: was brought to a close, amidst the illconcealed anger of the Italians and the disgust of almost every nation in Europe. Then came the Mexican blunder. It is a matter of. no toriety that he would have joined England, in affording active measures of support to , the confederate cause in America; as it is also known that he wished England • and France to take the part of the Danes against the Prussians and Austrians in the Schleswig-Holstein struggle. Xtwas a moot point, for several years, whether,, to divert attention from home affairs, he would or would not pick a quarrel with England. Of this, should his dynasty not again sit on the throne, of Franee, we shall probably hear more, forT there are many men living who know how near such a war was, just at the time Lord Debby was last Premier and Lord Sxatsxet became Foreign Secretary. OF his home administration we have has yet had principally the bright side turned to wards. We know that the members, of the Legislature were returned in most in-, stances after being nominated by the Go vernment. We know that the Press4was ' not free; and we know that with a legis lature composed for the most part of Go vernment helots and, with a . hireling press, highly civilized France was in a position that civilization elsewhere had cause to blush for. What the world now knows is that the late Empeeob, was an unscrupulous, untrustworthy man, whi> waded up to the Imperial purple through ~ the blood of inurdered, men . much superior to himself; that he had not the courage of a soldier, not the abilities of a general, and could not be considered a statesman. On the other hand, it is pretty clear that he could sit in his cabi net and plyt shrewdly; and also that he sometimes wrote statepapers of no ordi nary ability. After the coup d'etat he was very much in the hands of his fellow conspirators, who probably forced him to do not exactly as he choose. Again, it seems probable that he always cherished » personally a feeling of friendship towards • several English people who he well knew and admired. The Bussian war he pro bably instigated. The Austrian struggle was probably forced upon- him. The Franco-Prussian War, which brought his reign to an abrupt close, was we may al most conclude, made a measure of neces sity for him. The French people burned for war; and these men in France who most denounced the Empeeoe were the most eager for it, and are the most earn est in carrying it out to the bitter end. A.canvass is at once to be commenced for the purpose of raising funds to increase the size of the Bushman's Club. j AN adverfcisement in our business columns will I shew thatAlexander's Panorama is being exhibited j on the Peninsula. W:e perceive by an advertisement that a preli- j minary meeting is to be held at Moonta for the purpose of arranging for a regatta on Easter Mon day. "Warrants have been forwarded by the mail for the arrest of Mr Tidemann. The information as to the whereabouts of the absconder seems to be very vague; and he may probably be trusted not to turn up anywhere in the British dominions. Thbee natives from the Point Macleay Mission station have saved enough money to commence farming on their own account, and have applied for and obtained the promise of three sections of land; case of the recalcitrant Northern Territory ' and Order Holders conies before the Supreme Court this day. It will be recollected that the Order Holders obtained a judgment which the Government has obtained leave to move should be eet Aside. The Mount Gambler Standard, in its issue of the 3rd inBt., says:—Mr Crane informs us that he has secured a tolerably large quantity of pro dace for shipment to Wallaroo. We hrpe that this Trade will open successfully, and prove advan tageous alike to the producers and the consu mers." At the Wallaroo Police Court on Friday last a man named William Brooke, said to have been a seaman on board the noted Confederate cruiser, the Alabama, was charged by the police, before Mr G. N. Birks, J.P., with drunkenness and with fighting in the public streets of Kadina. He was fined 5s: in default of payment 3 days imprison ment. " A XAEGE company assembled at Moonta to wit ness the race between two crack horses advertised to take place opposite tlie Globe Hotel on Satur day. The race proved to be not the close contest that had been anticipated, Mr Bryden's Nipper winning with ease, his opponent seeming to be not quite in fettle for racing. We believe another match is contemplated. A correspondent in town writes to as to the ef fect that " verily Adelaide should be proud of her civil dignitaries when she remembers Sabine the mayor, arrested for forgery; Hughes, the town clerk, for embezzlement; and Tidemann, Council lor, mayor in prospective, bolter, forger, embez zler—everything combined." These are men the farnacious village delighted to honor! In no district in the colony is a Cabinet Minis ; ter been treated with such real courtesy as on the Peninsula. Becently the Chief Secretary and the Crown I/ands went into the South-East, and they were literally hunted out of the district by depu tations riding after them post haste, hoping to catch these distinguished persons. At last ru-. mour says they baffled their pursuers in the swamp that stretches between Rivola Bay and the Promised Land—Harracoorfce. There the puraur ers ceased from troubling and the wearied minis ters were at rest. Mark the contrast. The Chief Secretary visited the Peninsula last week, and no one went even to look at him. He walked down the streets, the street urchins not even ifeviljg bff their play In consequence of his high presence. The inhabitants knew full well that the distinguished man had nothing to give them, so they let him alone. They did not attempt to cram Mm as the Port Wakefielders did the Com missioner of Public Works when they got hold of him ; nor as the glorious company of the Guuj crachians did at their river, as they call it, when headed by their resident M.E. Willi more real courtesy he was just let alone. A correspondent in town writes to us that it is rumoured " Tidemann has gone borne, seized with s burst of patriotism, to form the Lendwehr, and teach the newly fledged Emperor of the sausage makers how to raise money at the " last moment." Perhaps his intimacy with a well known Hebrew of the Hebrews, may account for his knowledge of the ancient Israelitish practice of spoiling the Egyptians before a sudden flight. It is rather premature to say, as some people do, that the ex Councillor has come to grief at present. The \- grief, we should imagine, is shared by his friends in Adelaide. It is understood that two candidates are intend ing to tiy and secure the seat for West Torrens vacated by Mr Strangways. These are Mr Bou caut and Captain J. W. Smith. Of the two Mr Boucaut will run as an independent candidate, whilst Captain Smith will fly the Ministerial colors. The Ancient Mariner will prefer that a nonentity in the shape of Captain Smith should ■win. - Some very good sport was experienced (says the Cleveland Bay Express) by Mr P. Thistleth wayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who suc ceeded in. bagging an alligator Mr Thistleth wayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghan'e cottage, overlooking the creek, saw an alligator swim to die opposite bank. Mr Thist lethwayte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt .and were joined by a fisherman; they managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alli gator without disturbing him, and the fisherman armed with a shot gun, and Mr Thistlethwayte, with a rifle, both fired; the latter hit him just behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or lour paces into the water, leaving his tell ex posed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at, and seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and i almost exciting struggle took place. The saunan teade savage but ineffective attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his'tale while others beat him about the head with sticks until he gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. Ok Wednesday, 15th instant (says tlie Uew "cSflfle Chronicle), between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock, a lady who chanced to be in Tyrrell-street •was somewhat alarmed bv the appearauce of a bare-headed, unshodden, and ragged girl, of some 10 or 12 years of age, who, gibbering and mouth ing, was pointing to bo me dressing-table ornaments visible through an open bedroom window. Turn ing to a lad who was passing, and inquiring what ■was the matter with tne girl, she was told not to mind her as she was silly. Presently the poor demented being burst into shrieks of laughter, and with her head almost between her knees and her arms flying behind her rushing up the street. Several boys immediately opened on her a steady fire with stones, pouring in at short range several volleys with great precision. Now this may be, for all we know to the contrary, a most impor tant discovery in the treatment of weak intellects ; road metal may be an excellent means of driving the insane sane, but it is, we believe, so exceeding ly novel and so little known to the medical frater nity generally, that for the present, and until they approve of it, we would suggest further delay in the application of the remedy. So the Peninsula wheat trade is a grievance in certain quarters. This, some persons will say, might have been anticipated; but we supposed that the aggrieved ones would chew the cud of disappointment in silence. We were mistaken. The first note of protest was sounded in the Reg ister, two or three weeks ago, in the shape of a mild howl from Port Wakefield, by " our own cor respondent " to the effect that some farmers took their wheat to Kadina and Wallaroo, rather than to Port Wakefield " because the sample was very bad and there was no sale for it here.*5 We did not consider this trash worthy of notice ; nor should we have alluded to it, if it were not being followed up. In Saturday's issue of the Register, there are two complaints: one from " our own correspondent" at Moonta, casting doubt upon a statement alleged to be wade by us that before j the erection of the two steam mills on the Penin sula floor was commonly sold here at 25 per cent over town prices. As we said nothing about town prices in the paragraph alluded to, we need not reply to a statement inveuted for the purpose of being contradicted. In another portion of the same paper appears a letter from a correspondent who styles himself " Business"—possibly for the purpose of appearing to kuow something about business. This "business" man, who also hails from Moonta, thought it his duty to warn the readers of the Register agaiiist believing a statement in the Wallaroo Times that flour used to be sold on the Peninsula at 25 per cent, over prices charged in other parts of the colony. The paragraph al luded, to in our journal is further described as an " evidently carelessly written one." Now it is simply a matter of common notoriety that the statement we made is perfectly accurate. The same statement has been made on public plat forms, in the hearing of hundreds of persons, un contradicted. This proves nothing; but the actual fact was that from 35s to 40s per ton was commonly paid for carting large quantities of flour from the Glare district to the Peninsula. Supposing flour to have been worth £11 per ton at Clare, it is easy to calculate how much this charge for cartage would put on the price of flour on the Peninsula—to the merchant. The mer chant, again, would want paying an additional sum as profit upon flour that cost £13 per ton, as against flour costing only £11 per ton. And so would the retail trader. The actual fact was that the 25 per cent, very often became nearly 30 to the consumer. Curiously enough a "^business'' man at Moonta, who disputes that flour was once dearer on the Peninsula, admits that it is very much cheaper now. No person residing on the Peninsula will fail to disccrn the animus ac tuating t"ie letter of the " business" man at Moonta. For ourselves, we may be permitted to state, that we have frequently received letters contradicting some fictitious statement that has appeared in the Register. In accordanca with, usual newspaper etiquette we have invariably re ferred the writers of these letters to the journal they have wished to correct. The Register, it would appear, is a law unto itself iu these mat ters. A most extraordinary piece of news has reach ed us from Wallialla, viz., that J. R. Wilkins, at one time connected with this journal (Gripps Land Times) as a reporter, and latterly on the staff of the Wallialla Chronicle, has been naught almost flagrante delicto in the act of highway robbery on the Walhalla road. The man is perfectly well known in Sale, indeed in the district, and the news will certainly cause astonishment. The par ticulars to hand are so meagre that we refrain from entering into any speculations, simply con tenting ourselves with announcing the fact. Wil kins was on Monday brought up before thebencli of magistrates at Wallialla, and remanded till next day. We learn that tlie great educational question is likely to receive a settlement on the Wallaroo Mines, that, -whilst it has the merit of being ex cellent so far as it goes, will also be very nearly thorough and complete. The Superintendent of the Mines, Mr Higgs, has resolved that all boys employed on the mine shall produce a certifiaate to the effect that they hare received education during a specified portion of time every week as it passes. The jnme, it is well known, employs a large quantity of boys in picking ore over, etc; and the consequence of this regulation will be that all boys wishing to obtain such employment will be compelled to attend school or find themselves disqualified. If the example set by the Superin tendent of the Wallaroo Mines were to be follow ed by all employers of labor the educational pro blem would solve itself. Sign or Vertelli had a good house, at the Cornu copia Hotel, on Tuesday evening, to witness his sleight of hand performances, Japanese top spin ning, and other tricks. The ventriloquism was, as on previous occasions, when Signor Vertelli has appeared on ths Peninsula, very cleverly perform ed, and the young people present were loud in ex pressing their delight at what tney saw and heard. The Australian Tom Thumb, who was present, seems to be an intelligent, pleasing little fellow ; and dressed in his little uniform, was a great at traction. It will be seen by an advertisement that Signor Vertelli performs during the week, again at Wallaroo and elsewhere on the Peninsula. A late number of the Commercial Advertiser of Honolulu, relates the fact that one of the whale ships in that harbor recently captured a wliale in the Arctic seas, which had in its carcass a har poon. This liai'poon was known to belong to a ship which was at that time cruising in. the north ern seas, on the other side of the continent. The whale had evidently passed from one open sea to the other by way of the Pole. He must have found open water, for even a whale must come up at short intervals to blow. It is certain that the Polar Sea is navigable for whales from one side of the continent to the other. But while it does not follow that ships could follow the same track, the fact cited is one of considerable interest. Ship masters may be able to navigate the Polar Sea when they know as much about navigation in high latitudes as this whale with a harpoon sticking in his back. The whims of bad parents take various shapes, but it is not often that we find an impecunious father forcing an expensiva luxury on the tastes of his son; yet such an instance is recorded in the Hobart Town Mercury of the 4th instance. It appears that a man named Thomas Harper, was sentenced at the Police Court to four months imprisonment, for beating and threatening the life of Ilia son, a little fellow between nine and ten years of age. It appears that consl able Bir cliall's attention was attracted to the defendant's house by a disturbance taking place there. He looked through the window, wheu he saw Harper trying to foree his son to smoke a pipe, threaten ing to till him if refused to do so. On the boy, following the advice of his mother, declining to put the pipe into his mouth, the unnatural parent hit him a violent blow on the head which felled him to the ground. The constable then got ad mission into the house, and prevented any further ill usage being practised on the boy. The little fellow had to be kept in the watchliouse all night, as his mother was afraid liia father would resume his inhuman conduct. Mr Grawler, one of the solicitors to the Lands Title Office has returned from New Zealand, where he has been for some months assisting to introduce the Real Property Act into that colony. His labors are very highly spoken of by the New Zealand Government. The Smelting Works at Wallaroo are in active operation at the present time. There are now, we believe, 27 furnaces at work, including the three refineries, and, besides these, there are the 21 calcinera some of which hare recently been built. It will give some notion o^the importance I of these works, not only to the district, but to the colony, when the fact is considered that about 100 smelters ar? employed at the furnaces and about 20 other men at the calciners. This is, of course, exclusive of laborers, of whom there are several, and a number of woodcutters, charcoal burners, carters, and others, who receive indirect employ ment. Till this week but two refineries were at | work, but now there are three ; and these will turn out 130 tons of fine copper per week—very nearly £10,000 worth. List month, during four weeks only, from the two refineries, the very large auiouut of 379 tons of copper was produced, and so hurried was the operation at the close, that the copper which was molten in the furnaces in the morning was delivered on board the steamer in the afternoon, and was at sea in the evening. We believe that these 379 tons represent a larger quantity than has ever been produced from two of the refinery furnaces before in the same time. The Kapunda paper, with singular verdure, remarks that " It is somewhat strange that the Government should be so careless as to the fulfil ment of promises made by it. A fortnight ago we mentioned that both Mr Pearce, M.P., and Mr Kock had received letters from the Chief Secretary, stating that ihe request for a tempor ary mid-day mail by the mid- day wheat train had been complied with, and that immediate instruc tions were to be given to carry the arrangement into effect. As yet, however, no inid-day mail has been received at, or sent from, Kapunda. As the train is now running daily, and the mail would be a great convenience, it is very absurd that there should be such a delay in making the ar rangements for its conveyance," It would seem very strange to us if the Cabinet were to com mence keeping its promises. The Peninsula was promised that the regulations for the issue of oc cupation licenses should receive immediate atten tion after the Bill was passed. Two months have passed away, and the case is just as it was. A sanitary movement on the Moonta Mines waa checked by this promise, which has, so far, been of positive detriment to the district. About the same time that this promise was made the Com. missioner of Crown Lands play ed a practical joke on some industrious men in this locality. Mr Goyder, when ou thy Peninsula, sent up specially to investigate circumstances connected with the licensing system, promised a deputation of men that certain alterations indicated should be made. Months after, they, wondering at the delay, wrote to respectfully ask when these alterations would take place. Immediately, was the reply from the Crown Lands Office, and the Dolite wish was ap pended that they would meet with the approval of the applicants. They—regularly licensed men waited to take out their licenses under the new system and were fined in consequence. Perhaps they were too confiding : possibly they were in discreet; but what was the Commissioner? Whose conduct was the more to be reprobated, that of Minister or that of his victims ? A traveller writes to the Sydney Mail of the residents at the -town of Grouiburn that " the great occupation of the people of Grouiburn seems to be smoking. Were pipes and tobacco abolish ed, the men of the Queen of the South would perish from nicotinian inanition. Men stand at their doors and smoke, or loll against the lintels, or across the window sills and smoke. They stop to fill and light their pipes before they go out; and refill and relight when they start to come home. If two men meet in the street and enter into conversation, out comes the pipe and to bacco, and steam is got up in the interval of con versation. "I have noticed in Sydney that during the hour which intervenes between 1 and 2 o'clock p.m.—popularly known as the "lunch hour'' —every other individual one meets has a pipe in his mouth. The lunch hour in Sydney has, by common consent, become devoted to a kind ot Nicotinian Saturnalia. It is all right, even though you be caught smoking the blackest of dudheens during this interval; but when once the chimes from De La Rue's clock declares the mystic hour past, pipes are put out and consigned to cases, not to be again brought foith until their owners j are mounted on the homeward bound 'bus. In Grouiburn there seems to prevail nothing but one long lunch hour, in so far as smoking is concerned! and from early dawn till midnight chime, the smell of tobacco comes wafted on the breeze and greets the nostril." A town correspondent of the Border Watch writes :—" The ritualistic and anti- ritualistic agi tation, although it has been for a time withdrawn from the notice of the public, has not by any means become extinct. New fortns and rites are being introduced piece by piece into some of the city churches, and the discontent created thereby, principally amongst the male members, although it only smoulders as yet, is likely to burst out in to a flame. Last night an incident occurred which illustrates the truth of this statement. During the past year or so the pulpit at St. Luke's Church has been occupied by a stripling of the name of Marsha!! (aiiectedly spelt by hitu Marechal}, the regular clergyman, the Rev. James Pollitt, being in England. Mr Pollitt was an uncompromising anti-ritualist, but since his departure the ritualistic spirit, encouraged at head quarters and imbibed freely by Mr Marshall, has affected a lodgment iu the Cliurch. The ladies, or a considerable pro portion of them, have taken to it kindly ; the males have opposed to it all their influence and authority. On Monday evening a soiree amongst the members of the Church took place, and Dean Russell, who, from being a broad Churchman, has advanced to the lead of the High Church party, occupied the chair, and in the course of the even ing presented to his rev. protege of St- Luke's a watch which he stated had been purchased by subscription amongst the St. Luke ladies. A voice in the body of the room denied the statement, and the very rev. chairman at once fixing upon Mr Boucaut as being the owner of it, called that gentleman to order by name, and having impugn ed the reiterated assertion spoke in feeling terms of his excellent young friend Mr Marshall. Mr Boucaut, not unreasonably, rose to reply to his Deanstip. He declared that he had not said no, but admitted that the negative exactly expressed his opinion, and went on to allude to the fact that there were not half a dozen male adults in the room. A number of persons rose to order and a disorderly scene took place which was at last quieted, and the ordinary programme was pro ceeded -with. I believe it to be a fact that the Churches of England, or such of them as are most addicted to ritualism, are being gradually denuded of their male members. The ladies, however, re main firm in their allegiance, and with them I suppose the parsons will rest satisfied." The agent of the New Hebrides Mission in Sydney has forwarded to the Morning Herald a letter from Mr Johu GL Paton, giving accounts of how South Sea islanders are removed against their will in British vessels to Fiji and Queens land. After detailing a string of atrocities, the writer concludes by saying that unless the British Government puts a complete stop to this trade, and disperses the ruffians engaged in it, the is land will soon be depopulated. All hope of get ting redress from the colonies, he says, has been given up, but he trusts that an appeal to Great Britain will not be made in vain. Capt.' Ploek, of the barque Adolphe, bound from Iquique to London, states that, whilst pas sing the S*ew Hebrides Islands, he discovered that Aurora, Island had entirely disappeared, and nothing whatever was to be seen of it on the face of the ocean. With the exception of eight or nine of the islands, Aurora is one of the largest and most fertile. It lies in lat. 15 2 S., long. 168 25 E., and was about thirty- six miles in length, and upwai-ds of five miles in breadth. It has been always known that two of the islands contained volcanoes, but all the other islands were generally supposed to have little or 110 tendency to volcanic action. Speaking of Mr Longmore's election for Ripon and Hampden, the Beauford Chronicle says :— ■' The Hon. Francis Longmore has again secured a seat in the Parliament of Victoria—and once more we behold the virtual disfranchisement of the county of Ripon. The electors of the ad joining and rival county, regardless of the iact that Mr Lougmore can neither help the black nor damn the pink line of railway, have chosen man wliqfon all liands^s adimtted to be a failure as a politician, and who has himself publicly con fessed his legislative impotence. We must, how ever, bear this additional defeat of "Ripon with as much fortitude as possible, hoping and striving for a separation of the two counties, whose in terests are diametrically opposite." Referring to the many results in the lately con cluded election, by which ignorance is shown to have been at a premium—ignorance backed up by audacity and some measure of grotesque Loyal Liberal fanaticism—the Argus thus refers to the Grenville election " Among the notable inci dents is -the overthrow of the late Speaker by William Clarke, whom men call' Bogus.' It must be all the more humiliating and distressing to Sir Francis Murphy that itftwas under this very man's auspices that he first appeared in Grenville—that it was to his friendship that he owed whatever little popularity be ever enjoyed in the discttet. It is probably too late in his poli tical career for him to profit by the experience he has thus gained, but younger men should learn from his misfortunes that it is a dangerous thing, whether in public or private affairs, to employ disreputable agencies, just as it ia a dangerous thing to palter with principles and trifle with the obligations of high office. Sir Francis Murphy has done all these, and in his present defeat he is only reaping as he has sown. But we cannot help commiserating his fate tor all that. We never shrunk from speaking our miud plainly about him in the days of his prosperity, and need not now conceal our regret that his former patron, Mr Clarke, should now have seen fit to take his seat from under him. Sir Francis comported himself with a certain dignity that was not unsuited to a legislative chamber, and had much and varied ex perience, so that one seat might have been spared to him out of the 78 without serious detriment to public interests." Until it received official contradiction, the statement, originated, we believe, by a Lon don contemporary, that the Queen partook of communion in the parish church of Crathie, on a recent Sunday, seemed to have caused considerable^surprise, and not a little specu lation among some of her Majesty's southern subjects. It will be a relief to our alarmist friends of the Church of England to know that the Queen, much as she is partial to Scotland and everything Scottish, has not actually embraced Presbyterianism. Her Majesty, accompanied by the Duchess of Hox buvglie and tlie other ladies and gentlemen of the Court, was present at the dispensation of the Lord's Supper on the occasion in question but, as the Court Journal assures us, merely as a spectator, a custom which is frequently observed in the churches in Scotland. The Queen and the suite in attendance remained standing the time, and witnessed, probably for the first time, the dispensation of the Sacrament in a Presbyterian Church. The Communion service, which, as we mentioned last week, the Queen had presented to the Church of Crathie, is said to be of silver in laid with gold, a»d. according to the Dundee Advertiser, her Majesty has signified her wish that the Communion should be celebrated on the Sundays set apart for that purpose whe ther she is at Balmoral or not. We wish that all her Majesty's subjects were as free from religious bigotry as Her Majesty. 