Hidden Treasure. THE MYSTERIOUS TALLOW CHANDLER. Two ' housebreakers' were brought up last week, Greenwich, who told euth an odd but satisfactory itory that ibey wtre at once released-^ Of all places j in the world tho Crown and Sccptre is the ccutre of 'this 'tale of romance and m Btery.' Whitebait — T»ot wonders and supernatural viaitatiouB — have hitherto formed the stable of that amphibious hog- i f«1rv ! hut henceforward it possesses a ahost of ite ? own, and will bo licensed to retail spiritual us well ?*s spirituous articles. The proprietor, it seems, was ? informed by a neighbour on the previous Sunday ? evening, that two Buspicious iniividuils had been -?eento enter the empty house adjoining his premises. ? 'Mine host' pi-oceeded to tho spot, and there dis covered u couple of apparently guilty miBcrcants— one holding open a cellar-door, and the other grop ing about in the gloom like another Guido tWkes. The nocturnal visitants refused to furnish nny account of themselves, and were straightway given into custody. Kest day, when they wore brought before the bench they give their names and addresses like honest people ; while thc.r appear ance, far from being burglarious, was extremely respectable. What, did they, then, at. that dark hour upon th# premises adjoining the Crown aud Sceptre? One of the two, a Mr. Richard Ball, ?poke up for himself and his companion, Mr. Samuel Savage. Ho explained to the majesty of justice, that the louse which they 'were accused, in the stern phraseology of the indictment, of 'entering for an unlawful purpose,' had formerly been occupied by bis grandfather and father, who carried on there together the busiues9 of tallow chandlery. ?' When my father died,' tho prisoner said, ' his last words to us were, ' Look under the stab's ; there you will find a lot of money.' ' This remarkable observation appears to have been neglected at the time — wh.ther because the dying chandlef was otherwise incoherent, or because filial feelings overwhelmed the bob, we are not informed. But latterly a strange and repeated moi.ition had couie to Mr. Ball, junior. For several nights the spirit of his sire had appeared, And pronounced the cniphatio word6, ' Under the stairs !' Once and twice tbe vision haunted Mr. Richard Ball in vain ; but when it came the third time, like a modern Hamlet he took counsel with his Horatio, Mr. Samuel Savage, ani tho two deter mined upon action. On tbe supposition that the ?empty house door would be found merel latched, they resolved to 'have a look;' and, accordingly, ?when the Greenwich folk were quiet, and the dusk had fallen, the two friends | repaired lo the deserted tenement, and proceeded to make an examination. At that thrill ing moment the landlord of tho Crown and Sceptre stepped in ; bo that it is, as yet, impossible to say whether tho ghost's word was worth anything. The truth of the prisoner's statement ns to the demise of the tallow chandler being confirmed, both the accused were at once discharged. Out of common respect for public curiosity, the search must now be presecuted ; for, though tho stairs in question are removed, their situation is known, or perhaps tho ghost wus indifferent to such a detail, and spoke, as Mr. Disraeli would say, 'historically.' On the otber'theory, if he was but a visionary impostor, the midnight product of an indigestible supper, tho ??oner he ie laid tho better for all believers in super B&tural; visitants. 