My Adventures and Researches in the pacific.-[Continued.) [BT x MA'BTBB MAHINEK.] It was midday when we emerged from the gloomy cavernof the Lake of Oiams * and very beautiful and cheerful did tho forest seem to us under the beams of noon after coming out ot that gloomy sepulchre. Overhead, among the thick branches, many birds were sitting upon their nests; chameleons of the most glorious colours were playing hide and seek among tho ferns, or chasing one another up and down the trailing atoms of the great lianes and convolvuli, whioh, covered with large blossoms, twined them selves in the most fantastic forms round bolo and branch up to the tops of the tallest trees. ? Long whiskered rats peeped out of holes, and soldier crabs, tapping their painted claws against their scarlet breastplates, ^seemed to indignantly protest .against the intrusion of human beings into their solitary domain. All these creatures were revelling in the sunshine. We went to seat ourselves upon a large, fiat, mossy coral rock, ana upon ic I noticed what L had not obsorved before. This was a round stone, about a foot in diameter, hollowed in the centre, and upon it was placed another upright one of the form of an egg, but flattened at tho base, upon which it stood. It was about nino inches high and six inches through. It was mortised or cemented into tho ono which it stood upon, smooth ar.d polished, apparently of lava, or of some similar stone not existent on coral isles. I knew what it was. I at once recognized it as a phallus or idol stone, of tho established form, such as was in use in tho religious mysteries of the ancient Egyptians, and is still to bo found at tho doorways of Brahmin'temples, at tho intersection of cross roads in many lEastorn lands, and throughout the islands of tho Pacific. Thcso stones wore carried by the early canoe voyagers probably ns a sort of talisman. My companion under stood perfectly well tho o'ject of this ono, saying- " Wo had thom upon our land of old time : thoy aro now lost, seeing that wo pay no longer any regard to thom." However, he would not sit down by it, BO we removed to another placo, and he told me the followiag history. THE 1'ICOT EKOONGA'S 8T0UY. " My grandfather," said he, " was naned Ekoonga Nui, and mado in his day many voyages to sea. " At that timo our Jpcoplo mado better and larger canoes than thoy do now, ana wero not afraid of bad winds and storms as they are now. Our fathers were brave men-we are becoming cowards and poor foolB. I do not know what is the reason of this, except that our fathers had gods of their own in which they trusted, whereas we now believe in nothing except some religion of the white man, which we do not well understand, and which it seems verv plain that the most of white men do not at all believe themselves. However, in my grandfather's day, a man was not thought fit to be a great chief unless he could tell of some strange land to which he had boen, and from thence they would bring many curious and useful things ; and our people were able to tell the names of lands that were far away, and how many days it took to go there in canoes. In this manner it came to be said amongst us that there was towards the going down of the sun a land which was called Mafuin, a very great land, stretching further than men could tell, and higher than the tallest clouds ; that upon this land were the ovens or cooking places of the gods, which were never put out, but were kept burning all the time, being of so great size that the flame thereof rose high into the sky, and the smoke being drifted by the wind settled upon the sea, so that men looking for that land were often unable to find it. " Now, my grandfather, having heard of this, was minded to go there, and he and his friends made ready a strong canoe, into which they put good store of cocoa-nuts and kabobo ; and there went with him seven others, one of whom was only a boy (which was my father), and they steered towards the sunset for many days, when they found land - four small islands and very much food. It was called Bouka, by reason of the great quantity of that wood which was there ; and the people spoke a language some thing like ours, and were very kind and glad to see strangers. They had no large canoes, and did not know much of any land but their own ; and after staying there some time, my grandfather departed, and in five days more perceived to the south an appearance as of much clouds, and steering towards them came into a region of thick darkness, where the sea was covered with floating stones, and rose in huge boiling waves, and there was a sound at times as of thunder, and a red light in the heavens, which seomed to make the darkness still greater upon the sea ; and the wind blowing first from the one side and then from another, became very tempestuous, and carried at times what seemed like dust, which filled the eyes and mouths of the men, and presently there arising out of the north a strong breeze, it cleared off the darkness, and they saw at a vast dis tance an appearance as though the sea were burning and the fire ascending upwards to the stars. Being very much astonished and afraid, and having much trouble to keep the canoe free of the great waves which rolled against the direotion of the wind, they endeavoured to return to the island which they had last left, but not being able to find it they discovered another one, upon which were no men neither yet was any lagoon or harbour ; and they stayed here awhile and caught much fish, and they called the name of the island Motumungao, from the very great number of sharks that were thereabout, and by that name we now know it, some of our people having been there since. And leaving that place in two days, they came to this, and finding a passage came inside and landed upon that island where we are now living. There they found a woman all alone ; she lived upon turtle eggs and clams,, and she had a little canoe dug out of a bouka log, which she used to go about in. She wore a titi of burau bark, and was very good looking. She had ears as long as a mart's hand, therefore her name was called Talingaloa. Her language was somehow dif ferent to ours; nevertheless our people, after some talk, began to understand her and she them. She * Soe " Town and Country Journal," April IC. pointed over the lagoon to this island, and told Ekoonga Nui that there were very many more women hut no men, and my grandfather was minded to rost a few daja, and then to cross over here with his great canoe. But the next day one of his com pany, whose name was TJlimalo, being anxious to seo these women, would not wait, but took the little canoe belonging to Talingaloa and paddled over here by himself ; hore be found, a vast crowd of women (more than 100), some of them being very old ; and when they found that it was a man who had come among thom, they laid hold on him, each desiring to seowre the possession of him, and falling immedi ately into a furious quarrel, they pulled him about io roughly that he presently died. A few days after came his companions, all but Ekoonga Nui, who had taken Talingaloa to wife, and remained behind with her. Thoy found the body of TJlimalo, and buried it. They took no revenge on the women, seeing that he had brought his death upon himself by his own rashness. They remained hero a long time, and I took to themselves wives, and when they came to KE8IDBNCE OP ICING THAKOMIUU, ISLAND OF liAV, PIJI. (understand one another, the women told them that they wore people of Nukumautali, an ÎBland lying a rast distance to the north ; that they had heen with a fleet of great canoes to a land called Bigili, on the business of their king; that on the way to their home they had been scattered and dispersed by a furious storm ; three canoes had kept together, and been driven to the southward ; they had wandered on for several moons, landing on various islands, which werefdesert and uninhabited ; that they made this place, which they believed to have been one of the islands belonging to the king of Eakaofo, BO they left the women here, while they went to look for Nukunono, which they thought should not be far away ; but they never returned, and two-and-twonty years had passed since then, as the sea birds had come to the land that number of times to hatoh their young since they had been living upon it. " Some children had been born to thom in the firat year of their stay, but the boyB had all died young, so that there was not a male in the community ; and my countrymen remained here several moons, spend ing the time very pleasantly, until Ekoonga Nui, falling grievously sick, desired to go back to his own home, in the hope that he might there recover, or otherwise die and be buried with his fathers, So they departed, intending to return to this land, and to bring with them taro, and another and better kind of cocoanut which grows with us ; and in four days they came to their own place, having been gone a great part of a year ; and Ekoonga Nui brought with him the woman Talingaloa, having conceived for her so great an affection that he could not bear to leave-, her out of his sight. Nevertheless, the woman, being a sorceress, was by our people believed to be the cause of his death, not of her ill design, for she loved him extremely and bewailed him bitterly, but by reason of the malice (kati te ngakau) of evil spirits, who having consorted with this woman aforetime, in the days that she lived upon the island| alone, being now moved with jea lousy, smote him with giddiness, and failing of his limbs, and wasting: of his strength, BO that he in a short space died ; and she, having bewailed him in a dark house for a year, as was the custom of our widows, married again,-for she, being a strange woman (towards whom our people have great long ing), and withal marvellously well favoured, many men sought after her, so that she had more than one husband after Ekoonga Nui, who all, in like manner died, while herself lived to great age, but leaving no children. She had much skill in necromancy and conjurations, and great knowledge of the atari, and taught our people many strange thingB. And they who had Bailed with Ekoonga Nui took with them others, and departed again to return to this land of Tapepahua, but having sought for it many dayB could not find it, and so went back to their home. And years afterwards my father went also in quest of it, and with better success, and he came over hore to this island, which our people had named Motutalitani (which means the island of them that had no men), but here ho found nought save some dry bones, and stumps of cocoa treeB, and the ash'es of former fires ; and haing to anchor off the shore in the night, he and his people saw lights in the dark forest, and a sound as of voices, and from time to time long hollow groans, seeming far away ; and being very much afraid they loosed from this isle, and the wind being strong, with a heavy sea from the weat, they departed at dawn of day, and the wind and sea fol lowing them, in three dayB they made their own ,-1 land ; and from that day until now, no more of our people have ever willed to go in search of thia fenua mauri (or land of demons), ns wo believe it to be." THE WRITER'S SOLUTION OP EKOONGA'S STOUT. This tale of the pilot Ekoonga, strange and weird aB it might appear to be, nevertheless conveyed to my mind very much internal evidence of its being in the main points true-asthuB: It was unquestionable that the narrator's father, or some of his tribe, bad visited this place, oise how could ho have obtained so correct a knowledgo of the locality ? The land of the Mafuia, which they were said to have sought, I was very surely the mountainous volcanic range of Samoa, somo portions of which, probably, were at that time (as they have been since) in a state of ter rific eruption. Tho land of Bouka is about where they placed it, and its appearance and inhabitants answer to their description ; so likewise*Motumun gao (both of these I have visited). That tho women were landed at Tapepahua in the manner related is by no means improbable. The men who so left thom were no doubt lost in some storm, or perhaps, being unable to find tho island on their return, fetched up somewhere else. The moBt remarkable part of the tale is the vast distance from whence they had como. They said they were people of Nukumantutf, and were return ing to their homos from Bigili ; that they voyaged to tho southward, stopping at various uninhabited islands, for aeveral moons ; that they believed by keeping the same courBe, that they would eventually find the islands of Nukuneno, or Fakaofo, of which they had some traditionary knowledge ; that on making this land, they supposed it to be one of the group which they so sought. No doubt, after two and-twenty years of solitude and celibacy, the agreeable sooiety of Ekoonga Nui and his compa nions would be to them like the beginning of a new life. And it is not to be wondered at, by anyone acquainted with the tempers of these Indians, that, finding their lovers did not return according to pro mise, and believing themselves a second time utterly deserted, they should have lost all love of life ; becoming too indolent to seek their food, or to climb tho treeB for the nuts, they doubtlessly chopped them recklessly down, and at e the tops, and afterwards, seeing no prospect of comfort in this life, one after the other laid down and died. Poor creatures, they had strained their eyes in vain, looking for tho brown sail on the blue water, which came not till hope waa dead. They had " gathered shells from youth to age," and at last gave up the ghost, from mere weariness. With regard to the strange lights which terrified the second company of voyagers, I have seen them myself, both on this island and on others of a similar formation. I am not able to account for them, but they are no doubt to be traced to some very simple natural cause. I have noticed them, especially in thick weather, under dense groves where the soil which overlaid the coral rock consisted in a great measure of organic remains. I will mention as an instance of this, the solitary islands of Quiros and the San Publo of Mondana, which, although presenting excellent conditions for settlement, were abandoned by several companies of adventurers (both red-skins and white men), from the superstitious terrors induced by these appear ances. Ekoonga spoke of a dreadful groaning noise which was heard at this islet, which I also did after wards hear, and discovered the cause thereof. Behind a sandy bay in the neighbourhood, upon a perfectly level coral flat, dry at low water, I found a round hole or pit about eight feet in diameter, of the appear ance of a well; it is situated at about 4Ü0 yards from the Bea, with which it Beems to communicate by a subterraneous passage under tho sandy islet. When the reef is overflowed, it forms at tb o time of ebb a terrific whirlpool, so that a boat at that time coming within its influence would be at once Bucked down into its vortex and no more seen ; but at the season of very low tides, and when the swell of the ocean sots from the westward (as was tho case at the time of which the natives spoke), the sea ruahing into the great cavern with which thiB pit doubtless communi cates, drives up through it successive blasts of air, which sound at a distance, and especially in tho still ness of the night, like prolonged and hollow groans. This phenomenon is rare, by reason of tho Bwell commonly setting from tho southward and eastward, in accordance with the direotion of tho trade wind. But concerning the placo from whence these women came : The lands which they mentioned as being those with whioh their voyagers were acquainted by tradi tion, or by personal knowledge, were Nukuneno (which they seem to confound with Fakaofo, the two' being close together), Nukunau, Nukumautali, and Bigili. The last was their point of departure, and is one of the Balik isleB, lying at leaBt 1200 mileB north-west of the land upon which they were finally driven. Had this passage been divided into three stages of almost equal distances, and keeping a south east course almost in a straight line, the inhabited islands which would have broken the route at those points would have been Nukunau (which is the most eastern of the Kingsmills, and among the natives of some distant isles is the accepted name for the whole of that group), and Tokerau, of which Nukuneno is in like manner spoken of as representing the whole of that archipelago. But these lost mariners missed those lands, oeing in the first place driven well tqthe east ; in keeping, afterwards, a southerly course, they fell in with the uninhabited isleB of the Pheonix group, upon which they found not sufficient subsistence to induce them to remain. That they were Balik islanders is beyond a doubt. In the first place, they could not have invented these names of tho lands from whence they come, and of the others which they hoped to find. Tho long ears of some of the women, especially Talingaloa, her practice of sor cery, for which her country people are BO famous, and her superior knowledge of tho stars, which renders them such skilful navigators, are additional evidence of their origin. The circumstance of her being isolated from her kin, and of none of her husbands living any leDgth of time, would not be surprising to anyone who had lived anions the Baliks. I WUB once well acquaintad with a similar case of a woman of Milli (one of the Batak chain) who was very handsome, BO that ßho turnod the heads of several white men besides some of her own countrymen, who in like manner became victims to her danger ous faciuations. 