PELMAS. SINGULAR DISCOVERY OF A MURDERER. THE OLD MISSION ROAD IN 1850. Old San Franciscans will remember a small zinc house which stood on the old Mission road about two furlongs beyond the cemetery of Yerba Buena. It was a plain little house, standing in a very remote place, surrounded on all sides with a thick forest of oak trees, some of them growing to unusual propor- tions It was a lonesome place, in those times very remote from the city, rarely pressed by the foot of traveller, while the jay screamed in the woods un- molested, and the coyote howled within a stone's throw of the dwelling. This lonesome house was tenanted by an English sailor, his wife and a son, at that time a mere child in years. These three peo- ple had lived there since it was first placed on its present site, and that was in the middle of '49, a full year before the opening of this narrative. What had induced the sailor to choose this lonely place for a habitation was known but to himself, although it was supposed that a design of appropriating the lands in the neighbourhood was one of the principal reasons, but if it were, he was never to carry out the intention. This man, as we have said, was an English sailor at the time whereof we write, well ad vanced in years, and a washerman by occupation To be precise, he and his wife took in washing for a living and, though some may sneer at a man follow- ing such a vocation, yet he not unfrequently made as much as Sl£ a day -washing then averaging from six to ten dollars a dozen. Le Mete, such was this man's name, had one bad habit which was the bane of all his best intentions-he was a slave to the bot- tle. To this, being a mere seafaring man, he had long been addicted, as he grew older, it continued to grow upon him, all his attempts to reform were un- availing, and at last he became a thorough drunkard, a plague to himself and a curse to his famiIy it is true, he was not by nature an evil man, but it makes little difference whether evil be indigenal or exotic, to those who suffer from its consequences. A saint who spreads sin unwittingly is as deserving of re- probation as a sinner who spreads it wilfully Le Mete, as we have said, was not an evil man, yet he lead his wife a sorrow round. She, poor woman, re- turned kindness for cruelty, she was ever faithful, ever his counsellor, and when he at last died-died by violence-they were earnest tears that fell from her eyes upon his grave. There may be men who doubt the love of woman, but never was man more sincerely mourned than this rude sailor by his deso- late widow. For some time before his death he had been aceustomed to frequent a low drinking place on the road, where a number of strange char acters met together to converse, smoke, sing songs and tell stories "Where these worthies came from was not easy to tell, their original haunts were as little known as their occupations The greater part, however, professed to be wood-cutters Such were the men among whom he passed the greater portion of his time He had chanced to make the acquaintance of a man named Jackson, who assumed to be the leader of this crew, and as this maa was dogmatic and Le Mete disputative they were continually invoived in discussions, which, it may be observed, frequently terminated in an appeal to force, the disputants maintaining by strength of arms what they had declared by word of mouth This man Jackson was a loose character ; he called himself a wood-cutter, but his manner was far above his condition, his education was fair, and at times he disclosed a mind well stored with information But his countenance was repulsive, and if there was any truth in Lavater, he certainly had all the traits that characterize a villain. Yet, as if to rebut the affirmations of physiognomy, he was outwardly blameless, if we except a fondness for profanity, quarreling and generous potations. Of high crimes, however he was apparently guiltless. This man and La Mete were inseparable companions It is true they were prone to debate, and at times used their cudgels for something more than orna ments, but as they usually closed the battle with 1 " fnendly horn,' they were soon as firm friends as ever. One night they had a fierce dispute on "solar heat," for like most men desirous of showing their knowledge, they generally chose such subjects as they knew the least about, ond "solar heat" being a subject of which they were unusually ignorant, was often brought forward in discussion, A theme of this sort would naturally engender warmth, and it was not long before the two disputants, finding they were cramped in logic, fell to blows, in the vain hope tbat physical force might annihilate where in- tellectual acumen had failed to dislodge the obstruc- tion. In the middle of the contest Jackson, as if determined to make a lasting impression on his op- ponent, struck him over the temple with an ale bottle. He produced an effect, but it was fatal. Le Mete fell and with a groan, expired. Horrified at the deed he had committed, Jackson fied, and though a vigorous search was made for him all that night and the day following, he was nowhere to be found, and at length the pursuit was abandoned, the opinion prevailing that he had utterly gone away. Mean- while the body of Le Mete had passed the usual, and at that time hasty, ceremonies preceeding the last rites The Coroner, Edward Gallagher, had held an inquest, which gave a verdict in accordance with the circumstances, the undertaker had per- formed his duties and nothing more re- mained to be done save the closing task of burial. It was night. One of those cold, ím penetrable fogs not unusual m the Summer months, had descended upon the peninsula, wrapping the city in gloom and obscurity and veiling the nearest objects in a shroud of uncertainty. The wind, too, had risen and murmured among the trees with a hoarse and melancholy sound. On this night two women sat in a dimly-lighted room in the little zinc habitation They were pale, anxious and care-worn looking women, if they con- versed it was in subdued tones and they frequently glanced nervously and anxiously at a dark wooden ox placed upon a pair of trestles In this box lay the remains of Le Mete, prepared for sepulture, waiting only the approach of day to be laid under the sands of Yerba Buena. Until then they were watched by his widow and her sister-in law, the two women who kept their lonely vigils in this lonely hut on that lonely night It is a solemn task at any time to " watch the dead," but under these mournful circumstances the task was increased in sadness the moaning of the wind, the loneliness of the hour, even the flickering shadows cast by the two lights burning at the head of the coffin, conspired to aug- ment the natural melancholy of the occasion The hearts of the two watchers often shook with a nameless terror, and at every sough of the wind they gazed round furtively as if they expected to discover some terrible apparition. But they saw nothing but the weird shadows dancing on the walls In the middle of the night, however, a knock was heard at the door, the door was of zinc, gave back the sound strangely, and the two women started on their feet in horror. The knock, after a short pause, was repeated. The widow, summoning her courage, hastened to the door and asked who desired admittance Â weak voice, half-drowned by the clamor of the wind, re- quested a lodging for the night, " We let no lodgings, friend," said she, " besides, we have no room. You must inquire elsewhere " The voice answered " I am old man broken down with travel and faint with hunger. Give me something to eat, please and I will find shelter under the trees " The widow, fearful that the plea might be simply intended as a means for some villain to obtain an entrance, was about to refuse, when the sister-in-law interposed. She desired the stranger might be ad- mitted, and to account for her wish told the widow she had a presentiment that he waa come for their good. She could give no exact reason for this feel- ing, only it was strong upon her, and though far from superstitious, she believed it was an, intimation from the Invisible, a voice, as it were, from the spirits that watch the world, for she was fain to consider 1 that the souls embodied have converse with and re- ceive intelligence from the souls disembodied, and that this strange premonition was given for a wise purpose, and to disobey it might be the occasion of some terrible calamity " Come,'' said she, " let us open the door and give admittance to the stranger, and if evil comes upon us for so doing, let me bear the blame of it" The words struck the widow with surprise, but not knowing what exact reply to make to them, she was silent, and the sister-in-law, taking this for con- sent, unlocked the door and bade the stranger enter His appearance was not calculated to excite alarm, neither was it disposed to prepossess in his favor He was a tall, spare man, beyond the prime of life, his hair long, thin and white, his countenance wea- ther-beaten, ordinary in feature, but of a singularly firm and resolute expression. Though so old, his figure still had much of its early vigour, his bearing was erect and soldier-like. He appeared, however, to great disadvantage in his costume, which was not alone coarse and travel-stained* but worn here and there to shreds, his hat had no crown, and his toes peeped through his shoes. On his back he bore a bundle of gray blankets thickly covered with dust supporting his unsteady steps with a manzanita «tick which he carried in his hand Such an apparition was not likely to create res- pect, yet his entertainers gazed on him more in pity than perplexity, for, with the intuitive percep- tion of their sex, they saw in him more of a friend than an enemy. He sat down, relieved himself of his burden, and begged a drink of water. This was given him, and with it a supply of more solid re- freshment , which having ate, he appeared greatlyj revived, and began in a plain unaffected manner to give them an insight into his history, particularlv into that part which was the cause of his present pitiable condition "We have not space to recapitu- late all he said, though of a truth he had led a very chequered career. He was a native of Indiana, but removing West at an early age had followed the Ufe of a hunter Thence he removed to Texas, where he fought under the famous Sam Houston, and gained considerable applause, both for his cour- age and skill as a marksman. He was again em- broiled in the war with Mexico, and was among the foremost of the stormers at Chapultepec Marry- ing a woman of Puebla, he settled in the Republic, but his wife dying, he came to California about the outbreak of the gold fever. Here he met with the usual variations of fortune which followed a gold seeker but on the whole fared above the ordinary, till falling sick with a rheumatic complaint he was reduced to indigence. When his health was suf- ficiently restored to admit of travel, he set out from the southern mines to go on foot to San Francisco This long and tedious journey he accomplished, but on reaching the Mission, he was so faint, having eaten but a little bread for several days, and so foot sore with his long pilgrimage that he thought he could not go a step further. But after a short rest under a willow-tree near the road-side, he was so refreshed as to venture to push on, though he would fain have laid down on hour longer had not the ap proach of night forced him to seek a less exposed shelter He was so weak, however, that it was hard upon midnight before he came within eyeshot of the widow's house, where, seeing a light above the trees, he resolved to beg a little refreshment, and if pos sible, obtain a lodging for the night, for he found it impossible to continue his journey The two women were sensibly touched at this re- cital, and gave Delmas, such was the old soldier's name, a generous welcome to their abode. He in turn sympathised with the widow in her affliction, and offered to join with the two watchers in their vigils over the dead. This they gently declined, saving he was in need of rest, and they had already prepared a couch for him to pass the night. As he persisted, however, they were at length prevailed to let him act as he desired, whereupon he asked if they had any arms in the house " Mj husband," answered the widow, " was accus- tomed to keep a good supph, but since he fell into bad habits he sold or pawned them all " " Not all, dear," said the sister m-law *' I think there is a gun in a corner of your bed-room, under the clothes* rack. If you like I will go and see " The widow gave a murmur of assent. " It is well,' said the old soldier, " to be prepared for emergencies, and in an out-of-the-way place tike this one cannot be too guarded " He was yet speaking when tile sister in-law's voice was heard from the adjoining room. " Here it is," she said, " but I am afraid to touch it. Come and get it, Mr Delmas " The soldier smiled entered the room, and returned with a double-barrelled fowling-piece, which he ex- amined with attention. It was an old English gun, and had evidently not been used for a long time He sprung the ramrod, and found both barrels charged. He asked if there was any ammunition The women doubted, But the widow, going to a chest used by Le Mete to keep odds-and-ends in, after some rummaging returned with a powder-horn, and a blacking box full of bullets. No caps could be found, but the two on the piece were still service able. The old soldier's eye brightened, and he seemed to be more composed than before. He care fully drew the two charges, and with systematic alertness proceeded to load the gun afresh. He had just fixed the caps on the nipples, when a low whistle rose upon the wind, trembled for a mo- ment and died awav in the distance. The women started and looked round m terror, the stern old soldier, too, could not suppress a shudder He bade them listen. In about a minute a sound of footsteps was beard approaching, and Delmas, telling the women to retire into the kitchen, took his post, gun in hand, at the door. He had scarce stationed him- self when a heavy blow was directed on the lock, it burst from its fastenings, the door fell in and three men entered. But at the same moment Del- mas fired; the foremost ruffian dropped as if dead upon the threshold, and his two comrades hastily retreated. They soon paused, however, and replied with a volley from their pistols but without effect Delmas then rushed on them like a lion, and gave them the contents of his remaining barrel, which wounded both, but one so slightly that he made his escape. His comrade ran a little distance, but soon sank down severely wounded, and groaning in a deplorable manner. The soldier called for a light, and examined the wounded men The two women were beside him during this proceeding, and as he held the lantern over the countenance of the one he had first shot, they recognized Jackson, the murderer of Le Mete! They were greatly astonished, as may be supposed, at this discover, and so, too, was the soldier, when he heard the story. He found then, indeed, that the man Jackson was a double-dyed villain. Not content with having killed the husband, he must raise his hand against the widow, and under cover of the night assail her house, no doubt for the purpose of plunder. He had not words sufficient to express his hatred of the wretch, nor would he waste his time in endeavouring to alleviate his misery; so he dragged him to an outhouse not far from where he fell, and there left him to either perish or recover as Providence might determine. In the same man ner he treated the other rogue, whom he discovered to be a Chileno, with the exception that he bound up his wounds which were in the shoulder and very severe, having done which he locked the two rogues up till it was convenient for him to pay his respects to them a second time The night had now worn itself away and the gray streak that heralded the dawn was seen faintly breaking in the east. It was a cold, foggy morn- ing, with a high wind, but the stern old veteran paid little heed to the weather, as enveloped in Le Metes watch-coat he took his station on the old Mission Hoad, waiting to hail the first town-bound traveller who should chance to come along. After an hour's impatient watching, a market wagon from San Souci approached, and the dnver, an Italian, being hailed by the soldier, drew up to learn the cause of his stoppage. Delmas told him in a few words what had occurred, and begged him to inform the authorities so they might take action in the matter. The Italian promised to do as desired, and as it proved, discharged his obliga- tion in a very faithful manner. Reaching the city he notified Marshal Fallon, who, with characteristic energy, immediately took the necessary measures to secure the scoundrels. Thev were found in the out- house alive, but almost dead from sheer loss of blood, however, on being taken to the hospital they rallied, and the Chileno ultimately recovered, though he was a cnpple in one arm for the remainder of his life. Jackson however died, and thus cheated the gallows He was stubborn to the lost, and all attempts to bring him to a confession of the object of his attack on the widows house were thrown away. Three days after Le Mete had been conveyed to the sands of Yerba Buena, the ashes of his murderer found a cell in the same resting-place. Two were thus dis- posed of, and with all due respect for the dead, we question whether the world was not easier for their takmg off. The Chileno, when his wounds were cured, stood a trial for housebreaking, with the design of taking life, and was convicted, the Court giving the extreme limit of the sentence provided for such breaches of the law. He, however, escaped shortly after his imprisonment and to this day is still outside the walls of San Quentin. While he was }et lying in the hospital, he explained the cause of the attack on the widow's dwelling, which was in the main as the soldier had supposed Jackson was the instigator of the project, the two men being per- suaded to become his associates. He had long be- lieved that Le Mete had saved a considerable sum of money, and that it was hoarded in his house-the sailor prefernng like a good many others in those uncertain times, to be his own banker. This idea ran in Jacksons mind, and he was ever devising some means by which he could come at the monej without too great a hazard, but he could resolve on none till the death of Le Mete removed the main bar to hIs unholy resolution. After the slaying of his victim, he fled for safety to a woodcutter's hut, that was built in the middle of a vast swamp or morass that stretched from Gillespie's House, on the old Mission road, to the extreme end of Third street, and thence south-westerly to a thick grove of oak, the site whereof is now occupied by the French Hospital In this hut Jackson found a shelter, and being a familiar acquaintance with its occupants-two Chilenos-he proposed they should all join together and break into the widow's dwelling, assuring them that Le Mete was accounted rich-which was false and that they would get a good booty to reward them for their adventure, It did not require much persuasion to induce the two woodcutters to fall in with this scheme, for, as it afterward turned out, they were men of evil character,and had been driven from Sonora but a few months before for being concerned in a devilish plot-in which nearly all the "greaser" population were implicated-to set fire to the town and massacre the whites-but which was happily discovered in season to render it unsuccessful, We say it did not take much persua- sion to induce these two dusky rogues to join with Jackson in his scheme of plunder, so having once agreed, they lost no time in pushing forward their enterprise, resolving to attack the house the follow- ing night And here we are fain to leave them. How the scheme faded has already been narrated It was in- deed well for the widow that the hand of Providence directed the bold soldier, Delmas, to her lonely habí tation on that particular night. Had it been other- wise, neither she nor her son, nor her sister-in law, might have lived to tell who it was that hurt them Of Delmas, after his daring exploit we know but little. It is true, at the time his valor was greatly and justly lauded, but in the mad excitement of the hour the boldest deed waa too easily forgotten. Del- mas could not survive the inevitable chaos, and even to old San Franciscans his courageous action may "wear a warb of fiction" Such is frequently the reward of merit " Man dieth, and wasteth away: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he." 