The Tourist. RANDOM NOTES BY A WANDERING REPORTER. TO GOULBURN. THE trip to Goulburn is a very different thing now to what it used to be when I first travelled that road, at the end of 1839. It was the first journey I made into the south country, and I remember all the incidents of it as well as if they had only happened yesterday. We had made our rendezvous at old Dick Crampton's at Camperdown, then considered out of town, and a regular country trip to the Sydney Cockney. We made our start a great deal later than we ought to have done, so that by the time we got to the Cross Roads it was dark. I forgot to say that I had a com- panion with me, and that we travelled in one of the old fashioned gigs. We had not gone more than two miles along the Liverpool Road, when, as we were conversing jollily enough, two men sprang out upon us from the thick hush. One seized the horse's head, and the other man ran up towards me, but before he reached me, my friend, who had a loaded fowling-piece in the gig, raised it, and fired towards the man who held the horse, though certainly without taking any aim at him. The shot, however, answered the purpose, for the poor devils of footpads, who were very different in every respect from the full-fledged bushrangers whom our police have lately dispersed, were more frightened at our defence than we were at their attack, and giving a shout of terror, made off. Unluckily for us, our horse followed their example. Alarmed at the explosion so close behind him, he tore his bridle out of the hands of the footpad, dashed madly along the road for a couple of hundred yards, and then turned off into the bush. There was a bit of a bank at the road side, and in mounting this, my com- panion was thrown out and left behind; and before the gig had gone another fifty yards, the wheels passed over a log, and I got a lift which sent me three feet into the air, and landed me in a thick growth of scrub. That was my first adventure on the Southern Road, and though I may seem garrulous about old times, it is worth recording, as showing the difference which so brief a space as thirty years has made. Then it took three days to reach Goulburn, and three good day's journeys too. Now we are whisked along in the train in a trifle over six hours. As to footpads or bushrangers, there's no mistake about the way in which the train licks them. To those who desire to see the country which intervenes between the metropolis and the Queen of the South, as the Goulburnites delight in naming their city, the rail does not offer the same advantages as the road; but to the quiet elderly gentleman who studies ease and comfort, and to the mercantile men to whom time is money, the road cannot for an instant be compared with the rail. To me the great drawback to the train is that I have to start on my journey just at the time when the journey ought to be finishing. The orthodox mail hour is 5 o'clock p.m. It has always been so, and I suppose nothing can alter it; and as the train starts at that hour, all the more interesting part of the jour- ney is performed in the darkness of night. After passing Picton nothing is seen beyond questionable glimpses of bush, tree, or fence, occasionally diversified by the sights of a light in some cottage window; or relieved by the barking of some dog, who insanely imagines that the rushing roaring monster which is advancing is about to make some burglarious attempt upon his master's pro perty. There is a little life at the stations where we stop, but as the night grows later the life waxes less and less energetic, and the few passengers who come to the train seem sleepy and broken spirited, and talk huskily as if just wakened up out of their first sleep, or as if they had been prevented from dropping into it. Only the station-masters and the guards are really brisk and lively; and their briskness is all the more offensive from its contrast with our utter prostration. Whether the hour is 10 p.m. or 3 a.m., they are the same, and just as active, and well awake as a metropolitan station-master would be at noon day. Use, it is said, is second nature, so I presume that the abnormal procedure of keeping awake all night and going to sleep in the day, has become the use of the up-country station-masters, and that they take to it kindly. The evening I left Sydney for Goulburn was fine but somewhat cloudy, but as the sun went down the clouds gathered together in angry masses, and as the light faded away in the west, not a star came forth to replace it, bat everything was left black as pitch beyond the small circle illuminated by the lights in the train. Looking out from the carriage window there appeared before me nothing but one black void, except when going through some cutting, the lights from the carriages were reflected back from the damp rocks or earth, or when passing along some level piece of line, the bushes growing here and there were momentarily lit up, and made to flash out for an instant, like white ghosts, pale, and indistinct, and weird-looking, till a fanciful mind might almost have conjured up a kind of Der Frieseliutz ghost chase, and make any amount of terrible or ghastly forms out of the materials provided. Then again as the gleam of the lamps fell upon some dead and withered tree, with its trunk and few remaining limbs bleached to whiteness, by years of atmospheric action, gleaming on it only for an in stant, and then leaving it in its former darkness, it required no very great stretch of imagination to fancy the gaunt and momentarily seen object to be some terrible spectre, with long skeleton arms pro- jecting towards the train, and even darting towards the traveller, as though ready to carry him off, willy nilly, and like Monk Lewi' s Alonzo the Brave, to " bear him away to the grave," As I could see nothing by looking out of the window, I was obliged to allow my thoughts and fancies to wander over some such ideas as these; and I caught myself actually watching for the next bush that should be lighted up, in order to try and conjure up something like a mystic form about it. It was no use. I tried my utmost, but the bushes came so un- expectedly upon me, and disappeared so instantane- ously, that almost before they were seen they were gone again. Anxious as I was to obtain some infor- mation with regard to the country which intervenes between Goulburn and Sydney, or at all events to acquire some notion of its physical aspects, in order, like good reporter, to have something to report when I got back, I was unable in spite of all my anxiety to see anything, and in a most intense state of disgust and disappointment I reached Goulburn. Here, though only a quarter of an hour short of midnight, was vitality enough in all conscience. The train had not quite stopped, when a dark figure launched itself from the platform, towards the car- riage in which I was seated, as if it was going to make a harlequin leap through the window. However it did not go so far as that, but contented itself by catching hold of th handle of the carriage, and thrusting a rough be-muffled head into the window. A mouth, evidently from the sound belonging to the head, though concealed from view somewhere amongst the mufflings, asked in hoarse tones, "Any one here for Yass." There was not any one there for Yass, so the head disappeared, to be thrust I pre- sume, with all its mufiiings, into other carriage win- dows. Then the train stopped and the door was opened, but before I could get out the opening was filled up by another figure, and there was an inquiry made in those soft persuasive tones adopted by the touters employed to catch steamer passengers, " — 's Hotel." I don't like going anywhere or doing anything on compulsion, and tins stopping the way looked very much like it; so I answered "No," and pushed my way out. On the platform my attention was first attracted by the large number of country -looking fellows who were lounging about. They were of the bullock driver and sawyer style, and their special business there seemed to be to hang about and to get into everybody's way, They were pushed this way by a guard, another way by a passenger, and fairly driven into corners by the station master, but still they stood looking on open- mouthed in inane wonder at a scene which was un- mistakeably novel to them. The next tiling which my eye fell upon was the orthodox constable who is always to be seen at the arrival of every train at every place to which the constable can by any possible means contrive to get. He had the usual mysterious look upon his face common to constables who wait for trains, a look which seemed to say, "Ah, if you only knew the warrants I've got on hand you would be staggered!" And as he put on this look, he would peer into the face of every passenger, and would change it for a faint and feeble imitation of the knowing detective look which is said to strike such terror into the hearts of all malefactors. He seemed to be in doubt as to which of the lot he should apprehend and make an example of, being certainly under the im- pression that the fact of a person travelling bv train at night, and arriving at his destination at such an unearthly hour was prima facie evidence of a felonious intent, quite sufficient to warrant him in apprehend- ing every man, woman, and child of the whole lot. Whilst making these observations upon the bullock drivers, and the typical constable, I was carried along gradually by the stream of passengers, the sharp corner of a box inserted between my ribs making resistance useless. I had my sac de nuit in my hand, I pushed my hat firmly down upon my head, and buttening up my coat, I resigned myself to my fate and was carried past the loafing bullock-drivers, and under the stern eye of the constable, and found myself in the street — hence I made the best of my way to mine inn, there a cup of tea and a mutton chop put me in better humour with, my self, and consequently with the whole universe. The post-prandial pipe which followed, was really a calumet, pipe of peace, and enabled me to retire to rest, with mind relieved from the greater part of the chagrin and disappointment, which had burdened it for the last few hours of the night. Of Goulburn and of my return trip, I shall tell you in my next. 