Spiritual Manifestations. PON A MARVELLOUS STORY, U beard with variations wherever one has gone duriog the last ten days, and which now constitutes the theme of discussion at many a fire-side, we may perhaps be expeded to bestow a passing notice—ail expe&ation; we shall not disappoint, because this narration will at least serve as an introdu&ion; to a few general remarks upon spiritual illusions, which may not be altogether inopportune at present. The 6tory then is, that for some days past a moderately intelligent girl of fourteen, the daughter of a small farmer who resides upon Oxley Island, has been constantly annoyed by the sound of a whistle which she hears as well by night as by day; in her bed- chamber and in the open fields; as well when she is in company as when left alone. Her sense of hearing, is not ordinarily more acute than other people's, but in reference to this particular sound she seems to be gifted, or cursed, according to the view which the reader may be inclined to take of the matter, with extraordinary powers, for she hears the whistle when to her companions there seems to be profound silence, although the tension of their auditory nerves may be strained to the utmost in an effort to catch a sound which causes the girl to cry out in agony. It seems to be the current opinion that this whistle—be it real or imaginary—is telling fearfully upon the nerves of thegirl,and that hcrparents,alarmed as to its ul.imatceffed upon her reason, have used all the means within their control, first, to hear, .and afterwards to discover the source from which this sound proceeds. Up to the present time, however, they have failed. But as much cannot be said of some of the neighbors. We are informed that upon a recent occasion fourteen adults were present when the whistling began, two of whom distindly heard the sound. One of these at once pronounced it supernatural, and, calling for a Bible, read a chapter, and then challenged the Evil One to appear. The challenge was accepted; for forthwith a man showed himself with a terrible wound, such an one as might be inflidled with an axe, upon one side, and two stabs apparently made with a knife, on the other. Blood was flowing freely from all these wounds, and a minute after making its appearance the ghost fainted upon the floor. So did the man who challenged the devil to show himself, and he has been ill ever since. Another of the fourteen saw something which frightened him very much, but he discreetly declines to say what he did see. The other twelve, although blessed with ordinary vision, saw nothing. An attempt is made to conned this mangled corpse with a young man who is said to have disappeared mysteriously from the neighborhood some time ago, and of whom it is now reported that he may have been murdered j but it does not dearly appear what whistling has to do with murder, nor how the appearance of a ghost all covered with blood, which fainted away without so much as making a " dying declaration," is likely to advance the ends of justice. Another version of this silly story is that the sound is confined to the house in which the family reside, and that all its inmates, as well as those who have occasion to call at the place, now and then hear the whistling which so distresses this nervous young woman; but that no one can discover the source from which it proceeds. It is stated that the police have been called upon, and that clerical aid has also been invoked, but all to no purpose. The sound is of course invisible, although audible enough; and the murdered man, if there be one in the case, positively refuses to make a second appearance; the first being admitted. Some people say the girl sees visions, and that her father refuses to allow her to be questioned as to the nature of the revelations with which she is favored from the spirit world; but this, like all the other details with which the public have been favored, requires to be more fully vouched for before it will be entitled to the slightest credence. There can be no doubt that, just now, some persons are endeavoring to conned the father's narne with that of a missing man, but without, so far as we can see, a shadow of .a reason for such connexion. Indeed, nothing is established except that some sort of mysterious sound, as yet unaccounted for, is heard about an humble dwelling on Oxley Island, and that a hysterical girl is supplying excitement to a gossiping distrid by giving way to her fears. Most probably when the discovery it made, it wiU turn out to be nothing more than the whistling ofthewind through a crcviceiothe roof; whilst as to " the murdered man," for Slight the public yet know to the contrary, he may be still "alive and kicking"—easily tobe round, if circumstances should render it desirable to produce him. ~ Some-veryextraordinary instances of spe&ral; illusions are recorded; one, of a gentleman who for many years was visited ^laily by female figures with whom heat last became so familiar that he could recognize them although they frequently changed their costume. On one occasion, in particular, be saw; the figure of his deceased wife who seemed to beckon him to follow her through a window; and although be was wide awake he aftually did follow, and fellupoA the lawn, a distance of seven or eight feet He got up instantly and pnrsued the speftre into the garden and conservatory, which had been a frequent resort of his lady. There he met hisoverseer,told him what had occurred, and asked him whether he had not seen 'his wife. Upon being reminded that she was dead, the subje& of this illusion' seemed to awake as from a dre?m and returned to the house, never aftcrwards.alluding to the occurrence. Another old gentleman is mentioned by the writer from whose work we abridge the foregoing instance, who for years never sat down to his meals without an impression that a large party was assembled at the same table. He was blind of one eye, and the sight of the other was very imperfeft. Ou this account he wore over it a green shade,and bad often before him the image of his own countenance as if it were refieded from the inner surface of the shade. Dr.DE w AH used also to tell of a blind lady who never walked out without seeing a little old woman with a red cloak and a crutch hobbling just before her, although she bad no illusions within doors. A still more extraordinary iastance is named by ABEHCBOMBIE, who says a gentleman of his acquaintance was so completely affeded by the appearance of spe&ral; figures that if he met a friend in the street he could not at first satisfy himself whether he saw the individual or a spedral figure, and had to be guided in most cases by the sense of touch or by listening to the sound of his footsteps. He had the power of calling up these appearances at pleasure, but not of banishing them ; was in the prime of life, ofsound mind, in good health, and engaged in business. Such cases may be attributed to impressions made upon the senses only, in which the mind does not participate. Then there are cases in which people really dream although they are not conscious of having slept, and thus suppose they have - seen things which have not in fad been observed during their waking hours. The following instance is recorded as having occurred to an eminent medical man :—Having to sit up late one evening under considerable anxiety about one of his children who was ill, he fell asleep in his chair and had a frightful dream in which the prominent figure was an immense baboon. He awoke with fright, got up instantly, and walked to a table which was in the middle of the room. He was then quite awake; and close to the wall, he distindly saw the baboon making the grimaces which be observed in his dream. But there was no such animal in the apartment,and in about half-a-minute the vision disappeared. ABERCROMBIE mentions a third class of cases in which mental conceptions are so strongly impressed upon the mind that, for the moment, they are believed to have a real existence, and this, particularly, when in addition to the mental emotion, the individual is placed where external impressions are slight; as in solitude, in darkness, and in bed. The writer of this article was himself, many years ago, Whilst dwelling in the midst of exciting scenes, the subje& of such visitations, and often saw what many persons would have considered visions. Dr. HIB- BERT tells of a gentleman who was much affeded by the sudden death of an intimate friend, and although the impression was partially banished by the business of the day, whilst walking in the evening in a small court behind his house, the figure of his deceased friend was distin&ly; presented before him—not in his usual dress, but in a costume which he bad abandoned many months before his death —and his powers of vision seemed to become more keen as he gazed upon the phantom before him. The narrator mentions the indescribable feeling which shot through his frame; but he soon recovered and walked briskly up to the spot, keeping his eyes intently fixed upon the spe&re;, which vanished, not by sinking into the earth but by seeming to rrielt insensibly into air. A writer in a Wesleyan official journal, who had just lost his wife, also distindly saw her, soon after, whilst riding in a dark night. He stopped his horse and gazed upon her form for some moments before she faded away. A few nights after, she came back and spoke to him in his bed-room, but this was evidently a dream. The first appearance is referable to the principles stated at the commencement of this paragraph. Many other such cases have been preserved. No doubt we may account in this way for the appearance of murdered men who have haunted guilty consciences until the murderers have given themselves up to justice. It is also said that large doses of opium give to the visions of imagination all the impressions of reality, and several examples of this kind may be found in a strange book entitled the Confessions of an Opium Eater. Little need be said of the impressions of lunatics, or of persons laboring under disease of the brain, many of whom see most extraordinary sights. The delirium tremens of the clergyman mentioned by Mrs. OLDHAM in her wonderfully able story "By the Trent," is one of the most thrilling descriptions we have ever read, and yet the most life-like; since, remarkable as it may be, in nearly all the cases of an affli&ion; which is generally brought on by excessive drinking, the visions are horrible—serpents and demons figuring largely in them. This is not so in the delirium of fever. We have instances of soothing visits from deceased friends to such patients; afteding interviews with departed husbands, or wives, or children; and the writer in the Christian Advocate, from whom we have already quoted, gives a case of a fever patient who saw the SAVIOUR surrounded by a halo of light, and was filled with inexpressible pleasure by the vision. Another case is that of a lady suffering from premonitory symptoms of a febrile attack but not yet confined, who saw Death as a skeleton armed with a dart with which he struck ber on the side. She at once became very ill, and her recovery was much impeded by the constant recurrence of this vision. But she did recover, although Death had wounded her. A case more analogous to the whistling ismentioned in the Edinburgh Journal of Science. In that instance a lady repeatedly heard her husband's voice calling her from an adjoining apartment, and on oue occasion saw him standing before the fire in the drawing-room, although she knew he was not on the premises. And as a counterpart to the story of the two men who saw the ghost on O^xley Island we give an instance supplied by Dr. HIBBERT, of a whole ship's company, thrown 'into a state of consternation by the apparition of a cook who had died a few days liefono. He was distinctly secil walking ahead of the ship, with a pecu- liar gait by which he was distinguished whilst alive. On steering the ship toward the objed, it was, however, discovered that the supposed cook _ was only a portion of a floating wreck, and thus a capital ghost story was spoiled forever. Another story is told of a gentleman travelling in the Highlands of Scotland who was compelled to sleep in a room in which a person had committed suicide. In the night he awoke under the influence of a frightful dream, and found himself sitting up in bed with a pistol in bis hand. . On looking round tlje room he now discovered by the moonlight a corpse, dressed in a shroud, .reared against the wall, close by the window; the features of the body and every part of the funeral apparel being perceived distindly. It turned out, however, that it was only the moon-beams which formed a long, bright image,throutrh a broken window. Hundreds more of such stories are at band if we had space within which-to narrate them. It is hardly necessary to add, that at the present age of the world no educated person can believe in the reality of spiritual appearances. These things are generally explicable when the whole of the fads are discovered. In the Oxley Island case, we have yet to obtain reliable particulars. 