THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH. By Wednesday's mail (March 15) the Super intendent of Telegraphs received full and satisfactory reports from the leader of the Government construction parties relative to the progress of the overland telegraph. The news is carried up to February 13, at which date everything was going on well. Mr. John Ross had returned from his advance exploratory trip, and his report furnishes some valuable as well as interesting information. His instructions were, on leaving the Peake, to travel up his old route as far as the Ellis Creek, on the Hugh, and then endeavour to find a route between the Mac Donnell and Fergusson Ranges up to as far north as Mounts Mann and Gwynne, returning by way of the MacDonnell Range, along Stuart's route, in order to meet construction parties under the charge of Mr. Woods some where about the Ellis Creek, on the Hugh. These instructions he faithfully carried out, and his return actually took place within three days of the time fixed upon—January 23. Mr. Ross, who writes from the Junction of the Finke and Hugh, under date February 10, states that he is unable to decide which is the best line from the Hugh as far as Reynolds Range; but north of Reynolds Range up to Mounts Mann and Gwynne (lat. 21°) no difficulties would be en countered, the Woodforde, Hanson, and Stirling Creeks being all well watered and timbered. The supply of water in some seasons might not be very plentiful, but he thought it might at any time be procured by sinking. From the Hugh south of the MacDonnell Range to the Reynolds Range the country, he says, does not offer any serious obstruction to the line of telegraph. The principal difficulty is in crossing the MacDonnell Range, no pass having as yet been found. The MacDonnell and Fergusson Ranges are well watered and timbered, but the latter are too much to the east. The Taylor Creek also affords every facility, so far as timber and water are con cerned, and the latter extended as far as the eye could see north from Mounts Mann and Gwynne. in the Phillipson Creek, which is south of the Fergusson Range, there are also ample supplies of water and timber, and in the neighbourhood of the Todd there is some of the most solid travel ling country ever seen, and timber sufficient to supply thousands of poles. Arrived at Central Mount Stuart (or Sturt, as Stuart himself calls it) Mr. Ross found the bottle which the famous explorer had placed there in a cone of stones some 11 years previously. On this point we quote Mr. Ross's own words:—"I found the bottle as described by him, and forward it, as it was found, unopened. It was carefully tied up in a portion of the Adelaide Observer of the 7th January, I860, and the Weekly Chronicle of the 14th January, 1860. Both papers are much damaged by exposure. We could not find the flag anywhere, although we looked all about for it, or some remains of it, and there were no nails in the pole. The blacks have evidently been here and taken them away. The cone of stones is well built, and is about 8 feet high." Mr. Todd received the bottle safely, and took out the document, which is in a state of good preservation, and contains the following in scription :— " John McDouall Stuart and party, consisting of two men and himself, arrived from Ade laide in the centre of Australia on Saturday evening, the twenty- first day of April, I860, and have built this cone of stones and raised this flag to commemorate the event on the top of Mount Sturt. The centre is about, two miles south-south-west at at small gum creek, where there is a tree marked facing the south" "John McDouall Stuart. "William Darton Kekwick. "Benjamin Heard. "21st of April, 1860, " Centre of Australia." It will be interesting to many to note the allusion made by Stuart to this circumstance, and we therefore extract the following from the diary of his trip in 1860:— " Sunday, April 22.—To-day I find, from my observations of the sun 111° 0' 30", that I am now camped in the centre of Australia. About two and a half miles to the N.N.E. is a high mount. I wish it had been in the centre. I shall go to it to-morrow and build a cone of stones, plant the British flag, and name it Central Mount Sturt. We have been in search of permanent water to-day, but cannot find any. Still I hope to see something good to the north west from Central Mount Sturt. Examined a large creek; no surface water, but can get a little by scratching in the sand. Splendid grass all round. Wind coming from the south. " Monday, April 22. Centre.—Took Kekwick and the flag and went to the top of the Mount, which I find to be much higher and more diffi cult of ascent than I supposed; but after nume rous slips and knocks we reached the top. It is as high as Mount Serle, if not higher. The view to the north is over a large plain of gum, mulga, and spinifex, with watercourses running through. The large gum creek that we crossed winds round this hill in a north-east direction; at 10 miles it is joined by another. After joining they take a course more north, and I lost sight of them; to the north-north-east termination of hills; to the north-east, east, and south-east broken ranges; to the north-west broken ranges; to the west is a very high peak; between it and this are a number of isolated hills. Built the cone of stones, in the centre of which I placed a pole with the British flag nailed to it. On the top of the cone I placed a small bottle, in which is a slip of paper stating by whom it was raised. We then gave three hearty cheers for the flag." The Government parties are divided into five sections—two south of the MacDonnell Range, and three north of it. The two south, known as Sections A and B, are under the charge of Messrs. McMinn and Knuckey, and they have already commenced operations with much spirit. Mr. McMinn arrived at the south end of his section; latitude 23° 30', on the 14th of January, and between that and the 30th bis men had cut 21 miles of poles, carted them 12 miles, and began planting them. He expects to get the first half of his section done by the middle of May. The bullocks and horses of both parties were in splendid condition, in fact better than when they started. The camels had deposited their first loading at the junction of the Hugh and Finke, where the second depot is formed, and have returned to the Peake for fresh loading. We subjoin extracts from a private letter giving information extending from January 9 to February 15:— "River Goyder, January 9. —Some drays which brought wire up are about to return from Mr. Knuckey's camp, and will take a mail down if we can get it to them before they start. We are now camped on the Goyder waiting for Mr. McMinn, who is ahead looking out for a road, we having come by a different route from the other parties. Mr. Knuckey has brought his party nearly up thus far, so as to begin work where the timber is, there being none on the south end of his section. We have travelled thus far without any material obstacles, but the way from the Peake is very stony, and chiefly dependent on the rains tor water. We found, however, a few permanent springs. The Goyder has a broad sandy bed, in which we can obtain water by digging. The banks are fringed with gums suitable for poles. The Finke, along which our line will run, is a creek of the same nature, but better timbered. Both, as far as we have seen, are bordered by sandhills—not like those at Glenelg, but regular hills. "January 10.—Mr. McMinn returned last night, having been through to Marchant's Springs, our proposed main camp. He could find no water rill within three miles of that place, so we shall have to push the teams about 20 miles through the sandhills. This is a wretched day, with a raging hot wind. We have only seen one native on the Finke, who ran like mad upon our calling out to him. But there are plenty of wurleys, and in one of them was found a piece of blanket. ... I think there is every prospect of our finishing our portion of the line in rime, but I am doubtful about the most northern parties. Messrs. Woods and Harvey will hardly get to their work in two months from this. "Marchant's Springs, Finke, Feb. 7.—We are now fairly at work, and have 12 or 13 miles of poles on the ground, and about three and a half planted. We may consider ourselves lucky in having reached our work so early. I do not envy the other three parties having to continue their journey. Mr. Ross has returned from his second journey, and met the party at the junction of the Finke and Hugh, about 50 miles from here. His party have been very short of rations this trip, and there has not been enough sent up by the drays to carry him to the Roper and back. He has not found a road through the MacDonnell Ranges, so that the parties are delayed until Mr. Woods, who is going out ex- ploring for one, returns. They are camped at the Junction, and building a store for the depot. Mr. McMinn has gone away to the top end of the section to start Mills at work and find a route for our own line, leaving Musgrave and Bee to carry on the work. . . . I do not think we have much cause to grumble at our section so far as we have yet seen—that is about 50 miles. The greater part has yet to be explored, but I think we may reasonably expect to finish off our por tion by the end of the year if the Government send us up the wire in time. Rounsevell's drays with rations arrived a day or two back, the horses being scarcely able to crawl with their heavy loads. They were also short of shoes. . . , . I think if they find a good road through MacDonnell Ranges there will be another mail made up at once, so as to relieve Mr. Todd of any apprehensions the present news may occa sion. " February 15.—The mail did not come down on its way to Adelaide so soon as expected, having only this morning arrived. We have had a great deal of rain within the last few days, and have been somewhat delayed by the boggy nature of the ground. The River Finke is running, and has been high, but is now a moderate stream." The following interesting account of the journey between the Peake and the MacDonnell Ranges is taken from a private letter :— . "On November 4th we left the Peake Creek, and camped in the evening on the north ride of the Neales. Mills, in charge of Beckwith's teams (bullocks), and Bacon, in charge of the sheep, were there too. Knuckey's, Woods', and McMinn's bullock-teams were two stages ahead in charge of the Sub-Inspector. Mr. Woods was ahead of all with his buggy fixing the road. The Neales there is a huge creek with sandy and boggy bed, a quarter of a mile wide, and with a good deal of stunted box growing on each ride. Most of the water in it about here is salt, but close to the road there is a splendid fresh waterhole two miles long. In this we caught a great number of fish resem bling in shape and marking the small salmon one used to catch at Glenelg; they averaged about ¼ lb. each, but I should think we had two or three dozen that weighed over 1 lb. a piece. The Peake range of hills, is on the left of the track here about a quarter of a mile off. Before leaving the Neales Mills received a letter from Mr. Todd informing him that Beckwith had been obliged to resign owing to ill health, and that be was to take charge of his party, so he went back to the Peake, and Burt came on with the bullock-teams. "Burt and I travelled our teams together for the next few days over fearfully stony undu lating plains, camping every seven or eight miles on small creeks, of which there seemed to be a good many in this part, all running into the Neales, distant about four or five miles to the left, and running nearly parallel to our track. On the 30th we camped on a large gum creek with a number of splendid waterholes in it, but the land about it was stony and the feed poor. Next day we camped on the Neales, close to Mount O'Halloran. Two days' travelling here was rather less stony over a long mulga flat; but just as we were thinking that we were finished with these everlasting stones, and congratulating ourselves thereon, we got up on to higher level, stones if possible worse than ever. On December 6 we arrived at the junction of the Frew and Stevenson; the stage was a rather long one that day, the last four miles heavy sand taking the place of stones, the day the hottest we had had, so the bullocks were completely done up. I found all the teams that had been ahead camped on this creek, and Knuckey with his horse-teams arrived the same day. Roberts with a man and pack-horse arrived next day; he brought me on some rations that I was running short of. I had to speak to him about some of the men that I had with me, one of whom declared he could not live on damper, and several others could not do without vinegar. All the other teams (horse) except ours came here on the 6th and 7th, and shifted on next day. On the 8th I went on again, and on the 14th we caught up the leading teams, and our horse-teams caught us up. We stayed here a day or two while Knuckey and Giles were finding a road. Mr. Woods when he was ahead saw what he thought to be springs, but his horse knocking up he was obliged to come back: with out inspecting them. He gave Knuckey their bearings and general position, and on the 17th Knuckey returned, having found the springs. He and Giles had camped there for a night, and christened them the Edith Springs. We were all surprised that Ross and Harvey had not found them, as they were within a few miles of them on their first trip. Knuckey described them as stretching over some 12 or 14 miles of salt and soda flat, shut in all round by low table topped hills; the springs run in a line from north to south, and a small creek runs from their southern most end. Knuckey had not been able to find a road past them, but he had left Giles looking for one. " On the 28th a road was found to the west of the springs, and on the 19th we shifted camp to a small creek close to them. Roberts and I rode over to look at them, and we were not at all dis appointed in our expectations. A long fiat, covered with salt and shut in by stony hills, stretched as far as we could see in a northerly direction; close to us, and almost under our feet, was a thick clump of teatree, and out of this clump running north almost in the centre of the flat were the springs covered with long reeds, forming an unbroken line of vivid green from 50 to 200 yards wide. The fresh colouring of the reeds formed a very pleasing contrast to the almost total want of vegetation around, and the white glittering patches of salt added greatly to the effect. Altogether it was a sight well worth seeing, especially to eyes wearied with the everlasting brown of undulating stone-covered plains. We just got back to camp as a heavy thunderstorm came on, which very unkindly smashed the ridgepole of our tent. All our blankets, &c.;, were on top of our cots, so we threw our oilskins over them, and sat down outside on the canvas of the tent to keep it from blowing away altogether. This was the first rain since leaving the Peake. Roberts gave it up in about an hour, as the rain was still coming down in torrents, and turned in, all standing, in one of the wagons that had a tilt. I held on for half an hour longer, and was rewarded by at last getting my cot out and slung between two of the bullock-drays. Thanks to the good quality of my oilskin, my blankets were not even damp, and I was soon rolled up in them and sound asleep. Next day we shifted camp, and on the 21st we camped in the middle of heavy rain on the Opossum Waterhole (a small water hole in a small gum creek). McMinn, Knuckey, and Woods were camped here, and Mills was one-stage behind. He turned up again at the Wall Greek. Giles had not been heard of since he was at the Edith Springs. The rain kept on in an almost continual pour until the 23rd, when it cleared off. On the 23rd Knuckey and McMinn started on to look out the road, and returned on the 24th, having found water for two stages. Roberts had ridden over to the Stevenson on the 23rd, and struck it about 10 miles N.W. from the camp. He had seen a large waterhole about half way, so as we wanted a good feed on Christ mas Day I walked over there on the 24th with a blackfellow, and shot 10 duck, and got two or three dozen nice fish, so on Christmas Day we had fish for breakfast, with roast teal and duck, preserved potatoes, apple pie, and extra rich plum duff and cheese for dinner. A really glorious tuckout. "On the 27th the other teams started on, and we followed them on the.28th. Roberts dis charged two of the bullock-drivers for disobe dience and impertinence. The road was less stony for about nine miles, and the country to the west of the track seemed well grassed. We camped that night close under some sand hills covered with good feed. Next day we skirted the sandhills for about seven miles until they ran out, and then the road ran across a fearfully stony tableland for about five miles. We camped on a large gum creek running east ward, with numbers of splendid waterholes. Knuckey and McMinn's teams were on ahead one -stage, but Woods and Roberts decided that the track they had taken was too stony, so we cut a new road for ourselves, following the course of the creek west. The first nine miles was very bad, but after that we left the creek, and went north over a fine level plain almost without stones, camping on the 2nd January close to the west side of the Anderson Range, on the Wall Creek, at one of Stuart's old camps. As McMinn and Knuckey had not come back. Woods and Roberts went on to find road. McMinn and Knuckey came back at the end of the week, having found some splendid waterholes at the junction of the Coglin and Wall. About 10 miles east of our camp they moved their teams from where they were camped , then, and Knuckey made it his head camp, and com menced his section. On the 9th Roberts and Woods came back. They had been as far as Merchant's Springs, on the Finke, and had found water by sinking in the Goyder. They had also found some small waterholes about 18 miles from our present camp, so the stages were 18 miles, 20 miles to the Goyder, 24 miles to the Finke. On the 19th we shifted camp, several men going ahead in one of the buggies to sink waterholes in the Goyder for the stock. I travelled with the bullock-drays, and on arriving at the 18-mile water about sundown, after a fearfully hot day, the heat greatly increased by a number of bush fires all round us, we found the water all dried up. (The horse-teams had gene on.) A heavy thunderstorm threatened, so we gave the bullocks three or four hours' spelling, hoping for rain, but it cleared off, only a few drops falling. Yoked up at midnight, and at sunrise caught up to the horse-teams. Camped on the Duffield (a large gum creek with sandy bed and no water). We stopped for half an hour for breakfast, and then went on, the road getting very heavy through red sand and mulga scrub. Went on about three miles, and then I was obliged to make them unyoke, as the bullocks were quite done up, the heat, want of water, and heavy road having told severely. The men took them on to water, but one gave up the ghost on the road. We had to water them all with buckets, as the men sent on had only dug a small hole. This took up the rest of the day, and we were all glad to turn in directly after tea for a good sleep. Next day the bullocks went back for the drays,and they arrived all safe in the evening. The horses came through this long stage (38 miles) without water—the last 12 miles heavy sand—very well. "We had to camp here several days while they were finding a road from here to Mount Humphries on the Finke. A thick mulga scrub lies between the Goyder and the Finke at this point, with spinifex, which had to be burnt before the sheep could be got through, so we were detained several days. " On the 19th we arrived at the Finke, making three stages of it from the Goyder—24 miles heavy red sand—taking the stock back to the Goyder the first night for water, and on to the Finke the second. "Woods and Roberts went on and found a road as far as the junction of the Hugh and Finke. On the 22nd I started with the bullock teams, the road following the course of the Finke, crossing in many places its bed to avoid enormous sandhills which ran at right angles to our course, first on one side and then on the other of the creek. This part of the road is the heaviest we have had as yet, the bullocks taking about seven hours to travel six miles, and as much as 20 of them can do to pull the dray over some of the crossings. Immense sandhills stretch for miles east and west of the Finke without water, so we were obliged to follow its course. On the 28th the horse-teams caught me up at a camp about nine miles from here, and next day we had the misfortune to lose one of our best horses. He got bogged, and before he could be got out died. While we were at that camp we heard that Mr. Ross and Harvey had got back safely to the junction. We also had the misfortune at this camp to lose three blackfellows, who had followed us from the Peake, and who had become very, useful. They cleared out at daylight on the Sunday before any one was up, and made straight back for the Peake. On the 30th we arrived at our present camp, and found Mr. Ross and Harvey camped here. " Mr. Ross had been to the north side of the Forster Ranges, close to Mount Gwynne. They had had very little difficulty in finding water, except in one place, where they had to go 60 miles without it, and he reports the country on the north side of the MacDonnell Range as good travelling country. For a month before he reached this camp he had been very badly off for rations, only having a little oatmeal left. He reports the MacDonnell Ranges as altogether impassable for wagons where he crossed them, so that we are obliged to wait here for a month or more, while Roberts, Mills, and Jarvis are trying to find either a pass through them or a road round between them and the Fergusson Range (a range to the east of the MacDonnell Range, probably a continuation of the MacDonnell Range, named by Mr. Ross on his first trip). "We are camped on the Hugh, about a mile above the junction, close to two splendid water holes. "l am afraid so far my letter will be un interesting, as I have no map or tracing to send you to show our track, but you will be able to get some idea of it by looking at Stuart's map. We have been to the east of his track all the way, never more than 50 miles, and sometimes much closer. Our present camp is south-east of Chambers's Pillar, distant 20 miles. The Neales, Hamilton, Stevenson, Wall, Coglin, Duffield, Goyder, Finke, and Hugh were all named by him, and marked on his map. "I had almost forgot to say that McMinn had found a road from Knuckey's main camp on the junction of the Wall and Coglin to Marchant Springs on the Finke, and that he had made his main camp about five miles lower down the Finke than our first camp there. He has com menced his section, and at present has about 30 miles of poles cut. " From the Peake to the Neales, 12 miles-— Stony undulating country; good feed and water on the Neales. No timber. " From Neales to Cecilia, 28 miles. —Stony undulating country. Cecilia large gum creek; plenty water, feed bad. Good large timber on the creek. " From Cecilia to Mount O'Halloran, 14 miles. —Hard mulga flat; plenty of water and good feed in the Valley of the Neales close to Mount O'Halloran. Good large timber on the Neales. " From Mount O'Halloran to the Hamilton, 34 miles.—Very stony undulating plain, last four miles sand. The Hamilton is a large gum creek with sandy bed, one mile wide; plenty of water, timber, and good feed. The Stevenson runs into it. " From the Hamilton to Edith Springs, 40 miles.—Stony. undulating plain, with here and there table-topped hills. "From the Edith Springs to the Opossum Waterhole, 15 miles.—Undulating stony plain; no timber and very little water in the Opossum Creek; good feed. "From the Opossum to Adminga Creek, 18 miles.—The road skirts the east side of sandhills, and for nine miles is very good; the last nine are very stony and bad. The country to the west of the road is the best country for stock we have seen since we left, and if any country is taken up for a cattle station I should think this tract, lying between our track and the Steven son would be the first picked. There is good water and timber in the Stevenson, plenty of water in the Adminga Creek and timber, water in the Wall, water in claypans in the sandhils after every thunderstorm; good feed all over. It has also the advan tage of being quite free from scrub, and is not nearly so stony as most of the country we have passed through. And in case of a long drought there are the Edith Springs to fall back upon. Cattle could be taken down almost any season, I should think, by following the Steven son to its junction with the Hamilton, from there to the head of the Neales (Mount O'Hal loran), and by following the Neales to the Peake. " From Adminga to Wall, 27 miles.—The road for nine miles is bad, but the last 18 are splendid travelling. '' There is a small waterhole hereon the Wall, and poor timber; but ten miles further east there is plenty of water and any number of saplings. . " From Wall to Goyder, 38 miles.—The first 18 are over a splendid plain, when we passed covered with green grass and herbs, knee deep, but there is no water. The last 20 is through mulga scrub, red sand; very heavy pulling. The Goyder ts a large gum creek, running east and west, joining the Finke about 30 miles below our camp on it. It has a sandy bed about 200 or 300 yards wide, with numbers of saplings growing in it. Any quantity of water could be got when we were there by sinking in the sand. "From the Goyder to the Finke, 24 miles.— Through thick mulga scrub with spinifex, heavy red sand. The Finke is a very large gum creek, with sandy bed, from a quarter to nearly half a mile wide, gum saplings from 20 to 40 feet high growing on its banks, in places so thick that you cannot ride through them. There is plenty of surface water in places in its bed from very good to quite salt; but good water can generally be got by sinking a few feet in the sand. "From the Finke to the Hugh, 47 miles.— The country on each side of the Finke is a mass of large sandhills, almost impassable for wagons. There is good rough feed oh the Finke, and fair water. " This is a kind of general summary of the country I have seen on my way up. "I know very little of geology, but the country seems all through to have been at one time a vast level plain; but through the effects . of water it has been cut up, sandhills being formed in some places, tablelands of different levels in others, and every here and there ranges or single table-topped hills, representing its former level. The stones that cover most of it seem to have a large quantity of ironstone in them. We have seen granite here and there, and a large quantity of sandstone. Quartz, though plentiful about the Peake, we very seldom see now. " I have seen no very pretty wild flowers or plants, except a small but very handsome shrnb (native rose), which bears a flower something like a lose. It grows amongst the rocks on the banks of the creek here, and I think you might succeed in getting it. to grow against a wall where there was plenty of sun. I think it requires light soil with a little sand mixed. I enclose some seeds, so you can try the experi ment. " I have only seen one new species of bird since leaving the Peake. It is about half the size of an English partridge, very similar in shape, colour, and mode of flying, and it has a little topknot. " Knuckey proposes to join his section on- to McMinn's at the Finke, where there are plenty of poles, cross the Wall, where he can also get any number, down by the Stevenson to the Hamilton, also well timbered, where he will join on to the contractors' end. McMinn follows the Finke to the junction of the Hugh, and then the Hugh to the end of his section. He has any number of poles within half a mile of his line all the way, and ought to finish by July. The other three sections we know very little about; but Mills anticipates great difficulty in getting across the MacDonnell Range, as there is no timber on it. "The stock are in fair condition, and the losses as yet are small. "Our men are, I think, a fair average lot, and will work well when we get on our section. If we get across the MacDonnell Range all . right. I think communication between Adelaide and Port Darwin will be effected before the end of the year, though there may still be a good bit of work to do afterwards. " The contractors' teams have arrived here with rations and wire, which are to be left at a depot here under the charge of Bacon. The camels have arrived, and are on their way back to the Peake. They travel much faster than the drays, and are more to be depended upon. After their next trip up they are to be em ployed in taking the rations from the depot here to Sections C, D, and E. "I think I have told you all that is to be told. I don't get much chance of looking about, as I am scarcely ever able to get away from camp. "I hope you are all well, and that you are doing justice to the fruit. I don't think there is a man in the camp but would mortgage a month's wages for half an hour in a fruit garden." 