CONGREGATIONAL UNION'OF NEW SOUTH WALES. -,_tl ON Tuesday afternoon tho ministers and delegates assembled at tho Pitt-street church. The Rev. G. G. How den occupied the ohair. Proceedings ¡wero commenood by reading a portion of Scripture and prayer. . ? A volo of thank» \tas given to the rotiring chairman, the Bcv. J. G.^Frasor, M.A., for tho services ho had so ably rendered duriDg tho past j car. N Tho members' roll was then read over. Tho following ministers and delegates wiro present : Pitt-street Church.-The Kow John Graham, Messrs. John Fiirfax, Joseph Thompson, S. W. JoneB, R. G. Reading, C. F. Filddy, C. N. Weokos, J. G. Cattloy, G. A. LI ojd, J. R, Fairfax, G, L. Moses, George Ii uko r, A. Hunt, G. Durham, J. H. Wulkor, J. Rogors, A, Bal biinio. Glcbo Church.-Bov. A. Lloyd, Mr. W. Robertson. Newtown Church.-Tho Rev. 8. C. Kont, Mossrs. W. West, C. Parker, M. Harrison, B. Hardakcr, A. Bruco. Bourko-strcct Church.-Rov. T. Johnson, Mosars. W. 8. Buracott, M. W. Carpenter, T. Gully, E. Arnold. Balmain Church.-Rev. J. G. Fraeor, M.A., Mr, A. Black. Redfern Church.-Rev. W. Slatycr, Messrs. Pritchard, G. Morris, B. Morris, T. Orr. Waterloo Church, -Rev. W. Bradley; Mr. W. E. Sawyer. Woollahra Church (Ooean-stroot).-Rev. J. C, Kirby. Messrs. W. Smith, W. Walles, J. Beckenham. Woollahra Churoh (Point Piper Road).-Mossrs. J.' Thompson, W. S. Green, R. Nott? Burwood Church.-Rev. G. G. Howden, Mossrs.Vernon, sen., and Alderton. ? Polersham Church.-Mosers. A. Sutton and W. Pratt. " Windsor Church-Rov. F. H. Browne, Mossrs. W. Bcnrd. jun , Bnd Charles Westall. ' Wollongong Churoh.-Hov. G. Charters; Mr. G. Waring.1 Meilland Church.-Rev. R. T. Hills. Parramatta, Church.-Rov. T. S. Forsaith, Messrs. J. D.| Brown, Joshua Ardill. Newcastle Churoh.-Rev. T. J. Popper. . ' St. Leonards Church.-Rov. R. N. Morris. Personal Members.-Rev. E. Robinson, Rov. C, Pitman, Rev. C, Hardie, Rov. J. P. Soudorland. Tho Rev. 8. C. KENT (In the absonce-of the Sooromry) read the annual report of tho Committee of tho Union : The committee havo pleasure in submitting their annual report' to the sixth K3 encrai Assembly o( tho Congregational Union. , Since the Autumnal meetings, -which wero hold in this olmroh ? cn the 2Cth and, 27th of April, but, little baa ocourrcd requiring, 'notice. ' " I The clerical secretary lias received from the Rov. N. Pidgeon of, thoUvcrpool.Btrootohurch.alottorinvihich ho states :-"Circum-1 stances o\ cr which 1 had no oonti ol having rendered it ncoossarv1 for the safety ol my church that it should bo of a purely ovangolical rty, but sincerely hopo I shall not tho lesa oonlinuolo enjoy I Christian \a\ e and 'sympathy of all its mombors." Applications foe admission into this Union of chórenos nowly formed will presently ho submitted to you. Tho commltteo cannot but rcjoico in the steady increase and advance al, tho de- nomination whioh is hero represented by ita ministers and dole \- gates. During the year churches havo been planted not only in tho neighbourhood of this city, but also in distant parts of the Colony, lhc ohurch at Waterloo, ovor which thd Rov. WV Bradley has been ordained as pastor, has doubled tho siro ot tho building in which it moots ter worship. A church has boon' formed at the Glebe; land has been purchased for a permanent HTuctuto, and the Rev. A. Lloyd, ordained, is now ministering in that district. Tho Rev. li. N. Morris, B A., has oolleoted a moiety of the debt en the North Shore church ; una obUlnal Und und commenced to build a placo of worship at North S j duoy , and has succeeded in completely extinguishing tho debt on tun church at Manly Beach. At 8outh Head tho churoh has been Tenovatcd at an expenso of upwards of É1O0.' Tho Rev. J. c, Kirby has taken charge of tho churoh al OccaJi-streot, Woollahra, \ acate«! by tho Kew. T. Oalnford, who has entered upon his ministry at tho Mariners' Churoh with encouraging tokens of success. At Parramatta, through tho disinterested labours of tho Rev. T. S. Forsaith, a building is being erected which in a few months will be ready to receive the congregation; and at Marrickville where Mr. A. A. Aspinall has been called to labour, a church has this week been dedicated to tho Divinc service. The Revs. G. B. Goold, C. Allen, and J. Trevor have been ordained to minister at Bathurst, Ulladulla, and Gulgong; - and preaching stations, which are regularly supplied from Camden College, have been opened at Druitt Town and Hunter's Hill. The Revs. T. Roseby Ll.B., and J. Maxwell have accepted invitations from churches in how Zealand, and the Hov, F. Q, Browno has boon called to tho church at Petersham, the debt Incurred by the enlargement of which lins been remo\ed. At Appin a church has been built and opened, and at Ulladulla a chuich is in course of erection. At Gulgong lund has been purchased, and it is hoped that a sultsblo structure will in a few « ceks be ready for use Schoolrooms aro being reared in con- nection v, ith the churches in l'ltt-strcet and Balmain, and at . West Maitland a commodious parsonage has beon completed for the UÍO of the Rev. li. T. Hills. At one timo it was feared that it would be dilllcult to find occupation for tho numbor of stu- dents in training at Camden College. Elqvcn students havo beon already ordained. Of the six students now attending the classes, two arc engaged in regular ministerial work. Tho demand from week to w eck for occasional supplies for vacant pulpits is greater thun can be met, and to us tho vioids are applicable-11 Xnc bür- dest truly is plenteous, hut the labourers aro.fow; pra\ vo therefore tho Lord of tho han est, that Be will send forth labourers Into His harvest." "On tho motion of tho Rov. G. CitAnTEits, BocDndod by tho Rev. C. HAnrilE, tho report was adopted. Mr. R. G. READING presented his financial report, which wss also adopted. Tho churches at Georgo-streot, Watoiloo, and tho Globo, wiro admitted into tho Union. Tho assembly then prooeodol to tho election of ollloors. Tho Rev. T. B. Forsaith was olootod chairman for tho yoar cemmtneing October, 1872. Tho following gontlomen were elected ofllcers for tho ensuing yoar :-Secretaries, tho Rev, T. S. Forsaith, and Mr. R. Nott ; oommitteo, tho Rov. J. Graham, Mr. John Fairfax, tho Rev. J. G. Fraser, M.A., tbo Rev. S, C. Kent, the Rov. T. Johnson, Mr. Jjsiah Mullens, Mr. Joseph Thompson, and the Rov. W. Kiuijor. A motion was passed, requesting the committee to con sidtr the question of denominational statistics. Discussions upon several important subjeots woro ontorod upon, and wiro udjoutned until Thursday. Cn Tuesday evening, a public meeting was held, when the chairman, the Rov. G. G. HOWDEX, delivered tho following address : Assembled once again at our annual gathering of thd Congregational Union, wo would flrtt of all offer dovout thanks to Almighty God for the many mercies which Ho has vouchsafed to us during the paat voar. Wo offer cspeciul thanks that the yCar has been to this land, and to our boloveu mother country, ono of peace. Tho terrible ecourgo of war has beon ?permitted in God's providence to fall on other lands,-with what Bad and tornblo resulta ia too well known to need courmont horo. And as wo have thus seen God's judgments abroad on the earth, wo havo been constrained to ask, " Why havo we bctn spared ?" It is true our privileges havo been great, far greater than those of many other natians ; but is it not also true, that we havo too often failed to use them aright, that wo havo brought forth .. nothing but loaves,' and that wo might justly havo beon cut down as cum bcrers of tho gronnd. Bloated bo His name that He has, let us alono ) et (his year also ; may it result ia our bringing forth moro fruit to His praise. AB'Ministers and Churches wo have also gVoat cause for thankfulness. Wo mourn wherein our faith has boon feeble, our love cold, our zeal sluggish, and our works few.' But God in His rich mercy has not forsaken us. Believers are growing in grace, and such are being added to .tho Church as shall be saved. As ministers, we recognise tho good hand of God in that our ranks have been unvisited by death ; and while one of our number has, with overy . expression of confidence und afleetion from his brethren, reino\ed toan exUneivo sphero of usefulness in a neigh J boering colon), others havo boon added to us who have taken positions of no small importenco in different parts of tho colony, and aro labouring with ovory proipoct of per- manent success. In respect to tho interests of our denomination generally, we cannot Tefrain from noticing tho important movomont, initiated by Mr. Miall in the Houso of Commons in England during tho past \ ear, respecting tho disestablish* mont of tho English Church. Ae those who onjoy a nieasuro of freedom from the incubus of State-aid, and BOO for oursehes the beneficial offects of that froedom to vital godliness and tho intercuts of truth, wo heartily express our wish that the minority of tho members of the Houso of¡ Commons who havo supported this movement may rapidly and surely ¡nerena, till tho light of truth shine in Groat Britain as free from tho mists and clouds of State control, as it shinoB in most of the colonies of Australasia.^ Wo nre assembled hero this ovoning as tho ministers and representatives o.f Congregational churches. But, I need Bcatcely add, our sympathies extend far beyond tho limits of our denomination. We trust that wo aro also hero as children in tbo great family of our Heavenly Fathor, as members of tho Church universal ; and, in common with all who bclievo in Jesus Christ and receive tho Holy Ghost, we would pray "Our Father which art in Heaven, hollowed bo Thy name." Still, however widoour sympathies with other Christians,' wo do belong to a denomination, and, as its representatives, aro here this evening. Now we do well to ask-In what relation does our Congregationalism placo us in reepoot to other beliovors ? Does it help us in, or prevent us from, uniting with them as members of tho same family, and working with them in obedience to Christ's oommand to preach the Gospel to every creature P To a reply to thoso questions I Bhall moro especially direct your attention this evening. - "'*..' It appears to mo that all the theories about the spiritual family of God, the mombors of whioh are nlono membors of tho true Church of Christ, rosolvo themselves into ono of these two. Either the early Church was empowered to communicate spiritual life to a dying world by means of her ministers and ordinances, and that power has been handed down from generation to generation, so that now all who subject themselves to tho appointed ministry and sacraments become spiritual children of God and members of tho true Church ; or, the early Church was simply em- powered to communicate the truth as she received it from inspired men, the gift of the Spirit belonging to God alone. So that now, as then, those who'believe this truth, and are guided in the way of truth by God'« own Spirit, aro, and are alone, members of the family-ond Churoh of God. Now tho former of theso theories, wo unhesitatingly assert, we cannot receive. We hold that it is opposed to tho plain teachings of Scripture, to the npfrit of Christ's Kingdom, and to the expérience of thousands who rejoico in tho forgiving love of God. To believe all which it lu. eludes is to believe that, whioh, if logically carried out, muet land us in extreme Ritualism, if not Roman Catholicism. Wo hold that no minister of Christ's Church, bo ho ever so learned, pious, and exalted in position, ia over justified in saying to another man " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." If ibis be granted, I do not see what is to prevent an ultimate belief in the infallibility dogma of- the { Churoh of Romo. j | But while we emphatically deny that God has imparted. to His Church tho power to bestow on mon the Holy Ghost ; wo do beliove that he has spoken to us in His Sacred Word, that it is tbo duty of nil to reçoive and obsy that'Word, and as far na pomiblo to mako it known to- ol hers, seeking help and guidance from the Holy Spirit, who is given in stix» or to prayer by Uod, and God alone. " Search tho i-cripturcs, fur in them ye think yo have oternal life, and thoy aro tiley which testify of me." "Ho» brit when Ho (tbo Spirit of Truth) is come, Ho will'guldo sou into nil truth." " Ëanciify them («nid Christ in his prayer to tho Fathor), BiinctHy them through Thy truth ; thy word is truth." " Neither pray 1 for theso alone, but for thom also whioh shall boliovo on mo through their wotd." " Go yo into all tho world and presoh tho Gospol to ovory creature" Believing, then, that thorjo aro alono true-Bpirltcd children of the Fathor, who by the Spirit's aid reooive, obey, and delight to mako known His word, wo have next to inquire, Does Congregationalism holp or hinder us in thuB becoming and continuing sons of God and members of the TJnivcrsalChurch? Before MO contemplate, howevor, the relation of Congre- gationalism to tho reception and spread of truth, lot us first consider a few thoughts about the truth itself. Do wo sufficiently appreciate the valuo of the Biblo as tho Word of God P Is there not a danger of our attaohing ' too ' much importance to the Gospol as preached and generally received in tho ohurohos, and too little to it ia its relation to tbo Bible as a oomploto revelation from God. Very muoh is said in tho präsent day about preaohing Christ;in proforonco to dogma; but wo have to remombor, that whilo Christ isa great living roality to tho boliovor, to others tho inquiry may arise, " Who ia Christ that wo should bolieve in Him?" "You bid us boliovo tho Gospel," they say, "but may not your Gospel be an idle, but beautiful myth, which has floated down to us on tho stream of time from a remote and unknown past, gathering beauty, It may be, as it has passed through successive generations of men, outstripping.other myths which have been lost in their perilous journey, and ultimately accepted, by man for want of a better revelation, and because he naturally leans to tho marvellous and the beautiful, and because it has been accepted by his parents before bim ? " Should not our answer be to all such-Examine your Bible for yourselves- Search tho Scriptures ! 1 But wo aro not hore to-night to consider tho gonoral evi- dences which support tbo Bible as tho Word of God. This is neither the timo nor the occasion to enter on questions, any one of whioh might bo fairly mado tho topic of a ' longer address than you would caro to hoar,.or I to di In er. But whilo tho general and well-known cvidonooa which support tho Bible, aro loft "untouched, it may not bol out of plnco .to offer here a fow thoughts on tho nature of somo of the attacks now being made on tho truth of God's Word. Tho Bible itself I would prefer to leavo alone. It stands in its own majestio grandeur with a strength that reristo tho foes of hell, with a beauty that awakens tho praieo of Heaven. -Like some old castle whioh has bravoly rctistcd tho ravages of timo and beaten back innumerable foes, and which has afforded a sure rofuge to thousands; who havo sought the sholter of its walls, so stands the im- penetrable fortress,»f God's Word. And so let.lt stand, Our puny arm cannot add to its strength-our fooblo words cannot adorn it with greater beauty than its ona-the best reply to all inquirers' conocíning tho Bible is-the Bible itself. ' But whilo In our weakness wo'carnot sdd to tbo strength imparted by God to His own word, we may givo a row thoughts to tho position taken, by somo who assail that word. Tho fortress can defond itself, but it may bo oura to descend- to tbo plain and look on thoso who not only pro- tend to attack the fortress, but who aro apt to boast as if their attacks woro already crowned with victory. Our notices on this part of our »ubjoot must necessarily bo few and brief. ? 1st. It is to bo remarked that enemies of the Bible will frequently attack isolated passages or portions, regardless of their connection with the Bible as a grand whole. ' All portions of God's 'Word are connected more or less with tho Gospel—tho plan of salvation. Historical events, poetical effusions, prophetical utterances, ecclesias tical directions-are all to be read in the light of God's desire to save sinful man, Now, there is abundant evidence to show that tho narrative of tho Gospel is no myth, that Jesus Christ did live, suffer,die, and, above all, rise again, as recorded. From these events we get the key by which many mysteries of the Old Testament are unlocked. His regaining paradise explains paradise lost. His coming from a nation, which, by its ceremonial worship, its moral laws, and its prophecies, prepared a world to receive Him, explains the call of Abraham, and tho 'election and subsequent history of the nation of the Jews. His tiiidtineee towards sinners-as shown in his teachings, miracles, and willingness to dio for them ; and yet his hatred of sin, as shown in His stern denunciations, His terrible descriptions of hell, and His awful sufferings and death on tho cross to save us from its power ; explain the mercies and judgments of God as described elsewhere in tbo Bible. And yet how many opponents separate the posi- tion of Old Testament from all connection with the New. nad attack them as valueless in meaning, if not immoral in character. Regarding tho Bible as 'a whole, we unhesitatingly assert it comes to us an indescribable, and to tho candid mind-an irresistible message of love to a dying sinful world. 'There may be a few passages, but, happily, very few, which have the appearance of contradicting each other, and, perhaps, of favouring error. We know how eagerly opponents of the Bible seize such passages on which to base their attacks. But those texts, weo repeat, are very few, and if not to be satisfactorily explained now, may bo safely left until further critical studies or spiritual discernment shall interpret them. Thoy do not in any way affect the security, reality, and completeness of the Bible, as a whole. . 2nd. It is to be remarked that the enemies of tho Bible use as their weapons the judgments of carnal and worldly minds, and aro unable to discern the spiritual and heavenly. It has .been well said that the Scriptures are full of paradoxes. To the Christian, sorrow is joy, weakness is strength, loss is gain, and death is life. To tho worldly, to see is to be blind, to be rich is to be poor, and to choose life is to die. These apparent contradictions spring from tho great diversity there is between the carnal and spiritual judgment. " We speak," says tho Apostle Paul, " not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the .Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual. But the natural man rcceivoth not tho things of the Spirit of God ; for they aro foolishness unto him ; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned." To illustrate this, consider the question of life and death. To the carnal mind there can appear no change so great and important as that of passing from this world to another. Hence no crime is generally considered so gi cat as that of murder, and no deed so heroic as that of saving life. But if wo can place ourselves, in Imagina- tion, amongst the saved in heaven, and view this world from tho stand-point of tho pure and eternal, how different tho judgment formed. The greatest chango on earth known to them, is that ef conversion- passing from »in to holiness-from the never-ending death, the wages of sinj to eternal life, the gift of God in Christ. Now the change attending the mero death of tho body must bo to thom as nothing, compared wiih that of the now birth. At the. . death of the body believers aro simply-translated ? to higher ' rooms in tho Fathei 'a house already entered at conversion { and unbelievers to the company of the lost, long since entered upon in spirit, when ovil was deliberately chosen in preierenco to good. Heneo, in the Biblo, the great im- portance attached to conversion, and the development of spiritual life ; and the apparent unconcern often manifested in respect to the life and death of tho body. This will ex- plain tho fierce denunciation of the Divine Word against false prophets and. teachers who, howover popular and influential amongst men, were in God's sight murderers of the souls of othors. This will also help to explain the commands given to destroy certain enemies of God, for not only wera they hardened in sin, and, like Judas, ready to go to their own place, but their remaining on earth jeopardisBd tho higher life of thoso about them ;-then young, ignorant, ' and weak in their attachment to God and truth. Hence tho difference of opinion on the struggle between the chil- dren of Israel and the Canaanites. Worldly judgment, seeing nothing boyond this life and the present time of an action, say tho command to slay tho Canaanites was cruel and unnecessary, and would approve tho children of Israel sparing tho residents, in the far north of Palestine, But after events have proved the Divine and spiritual judg- ment to be the correct one, for tho ten tribes in sparing the Phoenicians soon fell a prey to their idolatrous fascinations, and wero in consequence ultimately rejected by God from having a part in preparing the world for Christ and drivon in anger to a distant and unknown land. Now wo contend that it is only by the spiritual judg- ment we can understand the Bible. Hence the weakness of the attacks of those who cannot discern spiritual things. They cannot understand why God should accept Noah with his drunkenness- Jacob with his covetousness—David with his adultery-and Peter with his false shame. And why men great in power, wisdom, wealth, and, in some cases, popularity, should be rejected. But to tho believer the ânswer is plain. Despite tho follies, backslidings, and stumblings, faithfully recorded of the Saints of Scripture, they loved and feared God. Tho rule of their lives was to walk by faith, their fells tho exception. Thoy sinned and they repented, and gradually overcame their sins, and so are represented as glowing in fitness for a sinless state. Whereas, despite tho worldly attractions of others, they are described -as nover having the fear of God bofore their eyes- they lived for the seen and temporal-they lived, but never repented. _ 3rd. Many of the enemies of the Bible base their attacks on tho assumption that the Bible and modern science should closely agree. This objection to the Scriptures has been so frequently spoken of, and written about, that it only claims a passing reference here. It has been again and again advanced in reply that the Bible was not written to teach science. In successive ages of the world God has made His will known to man in respect to spiritual and eternal things, and that the revelation might be sufficiently comprehended to secure obedience, he has at times used as a means for conveying it to those ordained to receive, the little scientific knowledge they possessed, whether correct or incorrect. To reject the whole of the Bible therefore, because of apparent contradictions to modern science, is about as reasonable as rejecting as unworthy of truth all the statements of a remark is glaringly Incorrect according to present scientific attainments. To quote the words of a modern writer on this subject, " If the Bible had been written according tho scientific knowledge of the present day, it is quite possible that while it would have been a perpetual difficulty for all the time before tho Christian era, and eighteen centuries after ; it would in the 20th and following centuries have presented our descendants with scientific views then known to be erroneous, though now accepted, and they would have been tho worst off of all." 4th. Tho enemies of tho Bible are always shifting thelr ground of attack, speaking triumphantly of viotories sup- posed to have been already gained, or about to bo gained, saying nothing of innumerable defeats already sustained. So .strong is tho animosity of many against tho Scrip turos that a very slight show of success in their repeated attacks causes them to sing aloud of victory, thus often leading superficial thinkers astray, How many replies have been mado to tho attacks of tho enemies of the Bible, and those replies are yet unreplibd to. Men speak of the gospels as developed from beautiful myths, but none have been ablo to disprove the testimony of ancient MSS., which as surely deny their statements as tho i discovery of tho most ancient skeletons having the highest cranial development and tho most complete human organi ration, denies the statements of the toachorsof the dovolop ment theory. Men speak of the absurdity of a belief in miracles, but with all their scientific objections they have never disproved the two celebrated propositions of Paley, but are content to put them aside as old- fashioned. Men treat with scorn the doctrine of a special providence, or of prayers being heard and answered, but thoy cannot disprove the testimony of thousands who declare that having prayed and believed according to the promises of God's word, their prayers have been heard and answered. Whoever yet has answered such arguments, based on tho reasonableness of a revelation to man, as those written by Bishop Butler in His analogy ; or those based on tbo fulfilment of prophecy ; especially those supported by recent discoveries ; or those on the adaptation of the Bible to tho wants of the human race through all tho world and in all time? Why ' libraries of books have been written in defenoe of tho Divine revelation, not ono of which has been foirly replied, to, and yet tho enemies of the Bible are for ever speaking and shouting as though all the victories were theirs. Yes, thank God, the grand old fortress of truth still stands im- penetrable to all its foes. Thoy gathor about it in their rage and fury ; one swears at tho architecture as not in accordance with modern taste, another imagines ho dis- covered a weak part, not seeing tho strongth that part derives from conneotion with tho wholo ; another sends forth his shafts at tho wall, from which they fall harm- ' lesely to tho ground, and others theorise about overcoming it, and rejoice in their theories as if they were reduced to practico. And so elated with concoit they sing the song of victory, when not a stone has been disturbed on tho walls' of the fortress ; and the thousands who enjoy its protection, enjoy that protection still. Wo havo thus noticed (and necessarily but briefly and superficially) a few of the modern grounds of attack of the enemies of God's Word ; and these attacks fairly reprosont, others. We are assured 'that but little patient and prayer-, ful study is required to show how vain tho protonce of modern critics, how true it is that the Bible is the Word of God. And we would here recognise tho important truth, that not only is there abundant evidence to show that the Bible is a revelation from God, but no such evidence sup- ports other supposed revelations in tho world. And wa cull especial attention to the condition of nations of tho: present day who have never recoived tho Bible as a revela- tion from God. ' Men talk of the beauties of nature as revealing to us all wo require to learn of our Maker. Now lessons of natura! as learnt in tho light of revelation may indeed help us to love and, adoro tbo. great, Creator, but what doss nature' teach without tho Bible ? Let tho condition of tho South Sea Islands without the Bible givo the reply. With huge' mountains of the most fantastic shapes, some towering to' tho clouds in awful grandaur; with coral reefs presenting a rocky bulwark to tho mighty waves of tho wide Pacific ; with vegetable life in almost every variety of shape and beauty ; with unfathomable caverns supported by massive and superb columns of coral, and thickly set with sparkling stalactites and stalagmites, with gorgeous skies and rlohly tinted clouds ¡what havo tho islanders learnt of God and of His love ? Their ignorance, their cruelties, their degrading idolatries, their uncleanness—all show how without tho) Bible nature fails to teach men of a beneficent Creator. ' Look also at China. It is the fashion of some to speak of tho Chinese as an exceedingly moral race, superior to the English in filial attachment, and not needing the Bible whilo thoy have Confucius. But what is tho testimony of those who have been long resident in the country ? It is said that tbo Chinese are in bondage to their belief in the spirit world, and only kind to aged relatives to secure the protection and prevent the opposition of their spirits when departed from the body. At a largo publio meeting lately held in Exeter Hall, a missionary, long resident in China, said,-"That under a very beautiful and decent external surfaco. the Chinese have an unspeakable amount of corruption. I have never known an honest truth-speaking heathen, and I do not beliove such a man exists in tho country. Such a person would bo a phenomenon. A Chinaman in never more at home than whon he is telling a falsehood.Tho state of things there is per- fectly corrupt. It is well known that the officials embezzle hundreds and thousands and tens of thousands every year ; still they are not regarded as disreputable by the Court or common people." We turn to India. We look with awe on the ancient books and religion of this wonderful land. Surely, some might think, here is a counterpart to the Bible and Christianity. But what havo the ancient Vedar with their ehostras, with their doctrines of Brahm and his throa emanations- Brahm, Vishnu, and Siva- their legends of tbo lesser deities, and their theories of the transmigration of souls and tho final reward of being absorbed into the infinite, done for the Hindoos ? Witness the pride, rapacity and cunning of the Brahmin—the terrible influence of caste throughout tho land, the immoralities and barbarities amidst whioh the young of the country are trained. We turn from the ignorance, vices, selfishness, and uncleanness of heathen lands, to the Bible-loving com- munities of Protestant countries. It is true that many in these countries reject tho Bible, and many who profess to read it lead but indifferent lives ; but who can deny that where the Bible is allowed to rule, purity of life, honesty of purpose, unselfishness of character, and a high and holy spirit of devotion are manifest. Of what pretended revela lâtion can it be said, as of tho Bible, that it comes with a message of tenderness and mercy to tho sick, tho poor, the despised, tho bereaved, tho broken in heart, the aged, and te little children. It raises men from misery to joy, from darkness to light, ,from death to life, from hull to heaven: But we have said enough on this part of our subjoct. Let us new consider the relation of Congregationalism to the reception and spread of tho truth. God has spoken to man. From the mysterious silence of the unseen world there has come to us the voice which would tell us of Him who has made us-of Him who has redeemed and would sanctify us, and of what ho requires us to do that we may glorify Him on earth, and become fitted to meet him in heaven. God has spoken, and His Word is the Bible. Surely, it is our highest privilege, our most solemn duty, to prayerfully attend to what the Lord God speaks to our souls. | And each one must attend for himself. No minister, no office bearer, no church member can take upon himself the' responsibility belonging to another. Each gives an ac count of himself before tho judgment seat of Christ. It will not bo enough for each to say on that eventful day,' " I believed and I practised as my Church or my minister required"-each must for himself loam the words of Christ,' and do them, or his hopes will be as tho house built on tho shifting sand. i Now with so clear and full a revelation from God, what might be fairly expected as the result of its being mado known to sinful, perishing man. Suppose some stranger from a distant world having been mado acquainted with the wrotohed condition of the inhabitants of this world in' j their sinful state was then told that tho Great God had sought in tender mercy to raise this peoplo from their wretchednoss by sending innumerable messages of love, showing how tho way had been opened by the gift, tho sufferings, death, and resurrection of His only begotten Son back to His loving heart; and how, as a Father, He yearned over these wandering children, offering His Spirit to reclaim all who would como, and to mako thom good, to help them te do good, and to preparo thom for mansions in tho Father's home above. Surely tho stranger would ex- pect to find throughout all lands multitudes rejoicing in tho peace and hope offered them, and uniting in labours of love to mako known to others the messages of meroy received by themselves. Such might bo expected, but how different aro tho actual faots. It is true that in the several Protestant Churohes throughout the world aro to bo found copios of tho samo Bible-that the Burne Saviour is upheld and proclaimed to men-that all who boliovo look forward to tho samo heavenly rest. But is it not also true, not only that there aro multitudes who reject the message of morey thus proclaimed in their hearing, but that thoso who accept it, both as Churches and individuals, are too often estranged from each other, and their spiritual lifo is Badly hindered ¡nits development by their frequent and persistent dis- sensions, whilo their influence for good over others is greatly checked by their examplo contradicting their teachings. And why is this ? Is it not because men will not look for themselves fur light and guidance to. God's own Word? Alas, how, many only trust the construction put upon that Word by uninspired men. or trust tho teachings of suoh men themselves, simply because they claim to be expounders of that Word, though such teachings may bo diametrically! opposed to 1he spirit of the Scriptures. j Wo thankfully recognise the piety, zeal, learning, and liberality of many members of the different Churches in) Protestant lands : we look on them with sincere affection.' and would greet them as Christian brethren, but wo cannot but deplore that amongst many of them there is an absence' in some cases of a liberty, and in others of a willingness/ to search the Scriptures for themselves. And herein we rejoice in what we called Congregationalism. We say "what is called," for, though called an " ism," it is yet, distinct from other denominations in that It contends for no " ism." It offers liberty-liberty to leam God's will, and do it-a liberty which should bo enjoyed by all the children of God. We believe that for the development of spiritual life, and for the spread of truth, minister«, churches, and churoh or-, rankations are necessary ;butwe also believe that they should only be aids to the faith of the Individual believer, and never stand between his conscience and his God. As individual believers, meit have access to the Father through the great High Priest, Jems Christ-they are permitted to tread the Holy Place and draw near to the Holy of Holies-they are encouraged to approach the sacred spot with holy boldness, folly trusting the intercession of Hun who can save to the uttermost-we say then that anything from sinful, impor- I feet, tukijupirpa mea which comos, between, thoir sonja, u!Uhi,>!)lc,fcd 8ftvi0Br should be regariodby thenTa!* great lntm»Ion-a grand impertinenoe; M Hence oui Church government is of the simplest Hal springing from thp individual believers in eaoh. MDUSS Church. Our ministers claim to bo no ¿oro than preffi elders, and so far from protending to any eac35 ' Tthonp>J*»y ?pY P««* «io truth as it spjears truth ti hem, leaving thefr hearers to search tho Soripturosf» themselves and seo whother these things aro so. Hone«» have no recognised Church creed or catechism, ah bein» left freo to Itara for themselves from the Bible a£. Union_ meetings aro simply of a fraternal charaotor Z authority being oxorciscd by tho Assombly ovor either n.7 ti.ularChurohos or Individual Christians. Wohavsno fixed organization rooognisod aB common to tho denomin» tien for tbo extension of Christ's kingdom; bat tunk organisations as exist spring from tho union and delibera elaborate organization to the individual boliovorto tenuí . .. " -, - - -- - sight of Boat» form prajerfully his own creed, and to unite with others u ho feels he best can In holy and heavenly labours. And ii this we hold the practice» of Congregationalism are in oaths accordance with those of the Aptstolio Church. Now, we are well aware this liberty appears to masr extremely dangerous. They assert, and, indood, it hu been lately advocated in leading English journals that without a recognised crocd, and without a fixed organi«, tion,, no Church can exist, or, if it exist, can do so with peace and prosperity. Wo bog, and that without Church creed or fixed organization, as Congrcgationalist« onjoyine both peace and prosperity to baldly assert a con- trary opinion. And as wo havo been greatly misunder- stood and misrepresented in theso particulars, espooi&lly; ia lespcct to tho absence of a Church creed from nmongjt ns, I shall hore venture to offer a tow explanatory words, ' - Let it be distinctly understood that, though we may not approvo Church creeds, we'do approve ona require that each individual should havo a croea of his own, and Ihit in accordance' with tho Word of God. It is a Iibol em Congregationalism to say that it allows ovory momhor of its' churches to think as he likes, and do that whioh ii right in hiB own oyes. Evory "ono is allowed and onoon raged to read tho piblo.'and beliovo its truth for himself and this individual bolief is asked for both in relation to tho admission of members to the Church,'And of candidates to tho ministry. Consider the subject for a few moments in respect to th« admission of applicants into tho Church of Christ If Buch applicants givo satisfactory proof of conversion, t» God, and of belief in tho loading and fundamental teach- ings of Scripture, wo ask wbnt moro ha» any Chuma « right to ^demand P Supposing, for instance, such' as applicant, whilo giving abundant proof bf sincero attach- ment tej Christ, yet from ignqranoo or proconooived notions, or, it may bo, from a keener spiritual discernment than bis teacher«, should not agree in points of minor import, ance with others in the Church, bave they aay authority by which thoy can rightly refusé to give him tho right hand of fellowship '{ They may do so on the authority of creeds and Church organization, but not on that oi tot Scriptures. One proof, that if the Church is (o include all disciples of Christ, the Scriptures and not the Church creed should be taken as the guido. , Tho'samo argument applies' to the ad mission' of "appli- cants to the ministry. We havo a perfect right to. oipwt from every such' applicant a clear statement as''tb, his conversion, ovidonces as to his fitness'for1 the 'work, and a BUnimnfy of the doctrines he believe» and purpaees teaching to others. But suppose that any encra ôpplfûani, while giving abundant proof of his conversion," iii aptitude in teaching, and his belief in fundamental trothi, should yet assert that, on prayerfully searching ¿he Scriptures ho cannot BCO in aU minor points' as othors ii tbo Church, by what authority has the Church tharigbtta refuse him ordination ? It may bo done, we repeat, oi tho authority of Church creeds and Church organization, but not on that of tho Scriptures. But wo would follow the thought a little further.' Wo ask not only by what authority can any refuse'the right hand of fellowship,' or the service of ordination, to gooi and well qualified candidates, booauso their statements do not agree with recognised standards ; but whence do men get these standards P We have set before m canon«, articles, creeds, cateohisms, sermon», and other formularies by tho different Churches, and each candidate for admii sion to any one of theso Churohe» is required to agree with that Churoh's particular standard, or, if not, thora is cor tainly a danger of hi» being regarded by that Church as'» heathen man and a nublican. We ask then whence osma these standards P We are told, in reply, of well-known men of the past, celebrated for thoir learning,piety, and ability, who, under certain circumstances, hare compiled them. But these men were inspired er not. If inspired, which of them enjoyed the heavenly gift ? When did >tha inspiration comoP When did it cease ? If any ona Church pay the authors of its standard» were inspired, why not all say tho same P And if inspiration has been granted to teachers of a comparatively recent past, why not to teachers in the present P And, hence, why not boilers any modem school of thought as much as, or moro than, thoso of days gone by ? But if inspiration can be claimed by none of them, then we say let us go back to the Biblo. The borrowed light oi the moon is good when none other can be had, but it ii sickly and palo as compared with the light of day. Nair, more, the moon may be in such a position that she not only fail to givo light herself, but actually eclipse the glorioui light of tho sun. Let us now notice a few of the popular arguments ia favour of Church creed». It is said that they preserve purity of doctrine and, con- sequently, of praotice in the Church of Christ. Without arguing a» to tho actual doctrinal view» of each Church, we contend that this opinion is decidedly opposed by facts. ? The great law of tho Gospel I» love, and we all know whit anger and strife have arieen from defence of creeds. Con- sider, for instance, the condition of many oouutry towns in tho present day in these colonies or in Great Britain. Wa probably find four or five, or more, places of worship. Ii each pulpit ia a copy of tho same book ; prayers aro offaroJ, and praises are sung by .the worshippers in each church to the same exalted Being, and all look forward with hopa lo tho same heaven. But, notwithstanding all this, the members of these several congregations will so stand nloof frcm-if not actually oppose-each other, that thoir di- visions will affect every movement in the town. Indood, the religious party'spirit will sometimes run so high that it can be said now municipal, educational, political, volun- teering, and similar questions, will bo decided, because it ia known how members of the different Churches will roto. And thus attachment to human creeds and churoh organi- zations brings that which should be a religion of loro into contempt before the world, and mon say, and with soma show of truth,-" See how these Christians hate oao another!" But this ii not the only evil to be hero noticsd. In the towns referred to a great amount of power is lost to tho Church at large. Each distinct congregation must hare Ra own minister, if it possibly con, and each minister, in being separated from the other, has to do avery kind of work be- longing to his position-which work will, if properly attended to, demand the samo time and attention, of tho con- gregation bo large or small. Thus each Minister has to preach two or three sermons evory weok, instruct Bible classes, attend committees, keep up his reading, visit the sick, watch over tho wandering, core for tho young-apd hi has to do all this whother his congregation numbers tensor hundreds. Thus thoro may be frequently found four or fivo Ministers, each attending to all these dntios, and each, perhaps, looking with some degree of suspicion and jeal- ousy on tho others. Whereas, if united in action for tho spread of tho truth of God, rather than tho dogo» of i church, fewer Ministers might, and with maro ofllcienor, shaie the work botwecn them, and so liberate othera to work in more necessitous districts. It is furthor said that a church creed will provont men in the same church, or denomination, from holding different and opposing views of divino truth. It may bo fairly questioned whethor _ uniformity of opinion amongst those who havo spiritual lifo is altogether deeirablo. No ono man can grasp all tho truth, »na en* tpeaking of truth as it appears to him from prayerfully con ttmplabng God's word, will holp to secure a for mora com- plete exhibition of truth as a whole than if everyone be led to think and speak alike. But we contend that facts show that the absence of a church creed rather promotes than hinders unity of belief, though it may not uniformity of expression. Where freedom of inquiry is thus granted, Ministers and others are encouraged to examine boldly every new phase of thought which may be presented to the Church, and instead of hastily rejecting such, as opposed to human dogmas, they can readily agree to receive it. if not opposed to the general teaching of God's word. And in these days of Biblical criticism, scientific discoveries, Pales tine exploration, searching tor ancient manuscripts, and restless, eager inquiries after truth, we must be prepared to face honestly any new questions which may arise, though such may not accord with creeds and compilations of human authority. . And here let me call attention to an exceedingly V"a'f, phase of this part of my subject. I» thore not a show« untrnthfulness end dishonesty on tbo part of somo m though professedly teachers of truth, retain positions,in connection with which they have sworn to uphold à°S®lJ. which they must know have been again and again proved to be untrue : and is there not also very great blame tow placed on those influential members of tho laity, who.wniio they themsolves confess that they cannot agree vn» wn» their creed, or catechism teach, yet demand fromweir Minister a consent and assent to such, that the pos» «* the Church may not bo disturbed. But apply the argument we have here been considering to the science of geology. We have God's world as well as God's word. Both remarkably ancient. Both containing,» rich variety of that which ii precious to ">8n«"1)° j tho result of a series of displays of divine power and wisdom in successive ages, and In both «.*.. »»J.,T jL »ay, that their treasure» have been brought witwn » reach of wan by long peried» ot «pheaval» and oonvawo» Both are but ünperfectly undewtood, and a» Çom»S»? the Infinite, vtnut to finite miad» n»««»»««4. ?JÄ as the reward oí diligent »earohing. J^«aAffila «me, a number of uninspired men had, »t*,iJtViJ li» eolemneoMOave, and from their then knowledge w<" world, hid drawn np a statement »rt«iW *«»JT.. opinion», respecting the different strata. wlctt^X,. I quaker, the origin and :arrangement of fWU, tho whero aborts of precious stones and minerals, and. rimüat? *" [ an* the belief had generally obtained tba; this so. 'Airly »ot forth all that couldI well be taught »a» i subject, and that thone who doubW vt, « wuhoo. to w**. it, were at once to be denounced as enemies of truth and We see at a glance how such a course would have been prejudicial to the interests of scientific truths. Old as tho world is,and many as have been the researches connected W?Ä l Cno will venture to say that we havo all tho ^b Vat ttere is\cthing more to learn. Each sue ^^ aro contributes ita portion to the general Jund of Ädge!a"d wo are frequently called to witness.oM Ä ? though once received as unanswerable, quieUy Äide'for new ones; even as old loaves drop and fal to îiogrounTaislodBed by the; young shoote of the living b And may we not add, old as is the Bible, and many as v ÄVn the efforts to explain it, yot is there much to ÍÍT Each age contributes its quota of spiritual interpre S through increased spiritual discernment; each age Ämgby the researches of tho post, makes, or should P?t" nro/ressin the pursuit of truth; and who can say ZtallSl spiritual, is spiritually discerned, that aft H^li««asr/ca\ The knowledge of ono ago may boin 'ÄZÄ ago preceding, but aro tho interests of ?TTh oromoted by stereotypingthat knowledge, and deny %l ?0Psuc«eding ages thought to make further investiga üon Surely" while theresa Ufe in the Church and «nrnest ennuiry after truth, we must oxpoot fresh and varied mÄtaüdns of men's belief, even though some old forms of life, once beautiful and vigorous, oro quietly dislodged and allowed to fall to the grqund. , But it is further said, that a church having a creed, is raabled to lay bofore enquirer» after truth, the dootrinos .hich it holds, and which it requires ita members to hei eve and teach. We ask in :roply(-I. any one Churoh iuitified before God in thus presenting ita dogmas to any immirer. in place of tho Bible. Each minister and each Christian can spoak fer himself as to tho truth ho finds in lbs Bible, but fe ho justified, howover convenient it may bo to the particular Churoh to which ho belongs in requiring «thors to think and believo the same. Wo can and should rèioiceinthegiftof light with all who can seo, evon with hale children, though there may be difforent opinions amongst learned men about tho composition of tho sun. go should we rejoico with all who recoivo and walk ia the light of divino truth, even with babeB of Christ, thouin karned men may differ on moro abstruse quoitions about tho nature of revelation and that which it includes. But it is further said, tho Biblo.can bo mode to teach anything, and without a creed to guard tho ontranoe to the Church men of all shades of opinion may demand adinit Wo reply, the Bible can be made to teach anything, if texts are wrested from thoir connecting passages, and rrouped together as uninspired men may fancy. But it is very difforent if the whole Bible be prayerfully studied as a templete revelation from God. If then it oan be made to teach anything why has tho Roman Catholic Uhuroh SÍ, laboured to keep it from her members ? Why have ether«, whose doctrines are fully contradicted by the plain teachings of Scriptures, endeavoured to provo thom uninspired ?j|And why do godless men hate to read their Bibles and shun them with studious care. Spiritually minded men will ever discern the same great spiritual truths in its .teachings, however the researches of others may modify their belief in minor matters, and this common recognition of saving truth we hold to be our safeguard. If we attach undue importance to matters of leaser moment-we are sure to en- courage division, but if opening our hearts to the teachidgs of the Sacred Word as a whole we devoutly welcome that which it imparts, we are sure to rejoice in a common light. And we believe that this agreement in the great, spiritual lesson of tho Bible will utterly prevent those from seeking union with the Church who are not of God. Consent to mere' creed may admit to a so-called Church of Christ, an empty professor, a believer in the letter rather than the spirit of truth, a lover of forms and ceremonies, a self righteous moralist, and even a believer in, and teacher of, fatal error. But a devout belief in divine troth will only bring those togotber who are alike spiritually minded- who are indeed childicn of the Heavenly Father. Union between two professing Christians is utterly impracticable if tho life of one is opposed to, and the othor in accordance with tho great spiritual truths at the foundation of God's Holy Word. > Very much is also enid about the antiquity and remark- able history of most Church Creeds, and heneo is argued the impossibility of setting thom aside. That sorao Church formulas havo bec horn in troublesomo timeB, baptisod by the blood of martyrs, becomo a rallying-poiut for hosts in frightful wars with sin and error, and now claim the confidtneo of thousands, wo do not for one moment doubt-. Here we do not speak lightly of any particular Churoh formula, nor do wo discuss the truths that any such may or may not contain. But all this fails to touch tho ques- tions which wo especially urge,-" Bo not Churoh formuhs hinder free inquiry into truth-and still more hindor union and love throughout the Church of Christ." , If our dear Saviout woro now to appear upon earth, may wo not suppose that as he would hear tho arguments of tho different Church membera in favour of their sovoral crooda and organization, ho would Bay,-"Men of olden tima bnvo said unto you, believe this, or believo that, but I say unto you, ' Love ono another, as I have lovod you.' " His lessons of love aro older than tho oldest formulas of the Churches,' and aro sealed by Hie blood, moro precious than that of a whole army of martyrs. We have thus endeavoured to show how Congregational- ism helps, or «hould help us to enjoy that pricoloss liberty in which we are called to stand faBt as children of the Heavenly Father. We havo liberty to frooly roceivo and freely communicate the precious truth of God. Lot us ask ouriclves in closing this address, do wo suflkicntly enjoy onr privileges? Do we, lor instance, rightly receive tho word of God into our own hearts? Lot us not forgot that while condemning others for neglecting thoir Bibles to defend thoir creeds, we may fall into tho equally disastrous error of neglecting the spirit of the Bible to dofend tho letter. Unhappily, examples aro too numerous in tho history of Christ's Chun h of men once loving' und holy becoming narrow minded bigots, it not cruel persecutors, in their defence of dogmBB taught, as they believo, by the lotter of Scripture, to justify ÜB in putting tho caution hastily aside. Nay, examples aro not wanting in our own times, of young men oomuiencing their ministry with .warm loving hearts, look- ing with Christian affection on all others who Iovo tho Sayiour, but who, in course of time, havo bsoomo zoalous for dogma or party, and in constantly reiterating tho chosen texts supposed to support their peculiar viowa, havo learnt to look oven with bitterness on those who differ from them. Far, far better te open tho heart with childliko trust, and in, the spirit of prayer, day by day lot in tho Jiftht of Geo|s precious truth. , Wo aro. like children at school, learning each day tho lessons which shall fit us for the manhood of Hoavon; and it may be, paBBing at times through sovere bui.neoossary uitciplino; and the Biblo oomos to UB as a letter from our unseen,but loving Father, who, with words of counsel, of warning, of tenderness and care, would urge us to use our privileges that we may meet Him in the home Ho ha« pre- pared for us abovo. Do we sufficiently prl/.o this mossuge thus addressed to each individual heart ? Oh, for moro grace to rcceivo with joy those words of tenth, that, build- ing our hope upon them, wo may remain firm, whatever storms of wind and rain may como and beat upon us. And' in receiving and enjoying these words of truth for oursclves, let us delight in making them known to others. We especially appeal on behalf of the home, That which men leam 'in childhood at thoir mother's knoe will, as a rule, give them, the deop oonviotionS which control their «onduct in after years. This was remarkably illustrated in the late war. Germany, with all her faults, has rotainod In a great measure the purity of tho homo. But not so poor, unhappy, eln-Btricken France. Hence on tho one hand mrn fought with deep convictions of right to sustain tbem, while on the other deception and, distrust generally prevailed, Let the mothers-of Groat Britain and her eolopiea teaoh their children the blessod truth of God's own word, and we need not fear that our beloved oountry-in war, commerco. or aught oleo-will loso her oxalted and influential postysn. Tho'iamo truth applies, of course, to our Sunday school. And hero, let me ask, why should wo ovor wish to displaco the Biblo for the Catechism P Surely God is the best teacher of His own truth. Ho sets goms of precious truth, and the. sotting showB forth the beauty of tho gem. But men take the precious stenes-tho doctrinal passages away.from their attractivo surroundings, put thom iS tho fotm of a task, distasteful to any child, but especially to those of weuk memory, and so croateadislikotowh.it is in reality the best and the most oharmiog of all books iT Äw "¿ni 'I"1 °f R?ito mM£() tho BlM° to^est lng.^nd then, children maybe led to recoivo the precious doctrinds.it contains. But it is hopeless work to try to ead children to derive joy and profit -from a book which they havo been led to regard with dread, if not defiance. As .ministers, let us, by God's help, over strive to commend to others tho precious truths of His word. Is there not a danger in tho prestnt day (and I cut the question with all diffidence) of sermons bping roado to please, rather than to teach, through ' tho dommd of many hearers for attractivo Bernions, for sensational sermons, and especially for short ' sermons P Whonca springs 1ho ¿trnngo impatienco of tho modern hearer at a sermon Transe it is 'somewhat argumentative;' abounding m téxfs.and three-quarters of an hour in tholenirib. of deli- very, instead of flftcott or twenrv minutos. Suroly our T?mvT Til BB< SSlnl8tîr9 ,isrt0 »ndoavour 'to teach God's îïï Y . cr tBhn 8uaP,y to P'oase; and the Idtity of fâl7*î?.Ç?'yol;fnnyJ"tw,t'Ma sfar¿h theîr Scriptures to thZ T ^entlvKftiöed/biy mernbers of the congregi Qoftr wr/en^JhraÍflWn,e »hériiselvo» with coplea of 2wrí'Srt ?? ¡V>tí*B4 for themselves to the passajw to SeifattentTon.l ^ o °°°rèa °* "? ««non, Wt flerSmST x-Ur r¿í¿l!on/ ¥ W/Wationalista, to other Ö?Ä>°M.rwould not bo, understood to advocate tho ÄllC&rS;^ b.rolneriyl<>Vv, our-purity of doctrino, Ses of %h^ °W ?,U,Hnes3 t0 wPrk wi* »" 'ruo &T; Ä0, Saviour, show that wo havi? all wa hood in Sv%Bfe" Afato unrated intolinnry in'China, ns ihn Tw.!? m^ oi}ho,Book- May wo all bo kaowa shoulfl ^~atl°.B-uf tho Book.., 1 do not say that wo Wt I do^vfi/?wi5? frr o&er-Churohas; to our own, £^ encourage^SfW*11} "?'í?lS ^ a»BPta ani- P"wpt 'E j£?" TA Vv tTh**y °Tt elsewhere. /fable' Qoofl m^'r1?!-1 *pcak of what'îa iffiPrflt> it 5. r u?wa Men aro, I behove, longing for moro union £&¿ fe?;'-th« work restinggui°n %ZT Z mumu and important, and hmo>o «Boit for tbem (o"Uva and strive for party views. Would that this fooling prompted men to confor moro with each othor, and so Bccure more united action. The timo may not bo far dis 'tnnt when in all great religious questions, especially in those of homo and foreign missions, ropretmaUtives from the different Churches will cordially mo-t « ich othor and act in concert, seeking, and seeking alono, tho glory 'of God and the good of souls. Then wo shall probably hava a bettor state of things than at present exists, when six or seven ministers aro to bo found working in o sm ill town where one or two, with the holp of tho lay agency, could easily meet tho requirements ef tho plaoa ; and only two or three ministers who aro noarly killed with ovorwork and crying in vain for help, are Iabonring in some heathen city of two or three million inhabitants. Oh, if wo would think of our churches less and of God's glory moro, those things would nover be. i " Beloved, now arc wo tho sons of God"-(to givo tho moro correct rendering),-" and it was never yet manifested what we »ball "bo, ¿Hi. wo know that if it were manifested wo shall bo liko Him,' becaueo we shall seo Hisa as Ho is." " Ono God and Father of all, who is abavo all, and through all, and in you all." " Ono family we dwell in Ilim > One Church, above, beneath ; Though now diridcd by tho stream The narrow stream of death." / What a glorious privilege ! May the Holy Spirit holp us to stand fast in tho liberty wherewith Christ has made uKfréo. As children of GodJmay wo live to tho praise of our Father while on earth, andrwhen our work ia dona below may wo rise to bo united with the wholo of tho glorified family above, gathered ' from all generations, frota all countries, from all clauses, and from all churches, to dwell in peace and lovo in the mansions of the Father]« houso for ever and for ever. On Wednesday morning, the ministers and delegates assembled for breakfast. After breakfast, a conference on the spiritual condition of the Churches was held. In the afternoon the Assembly »gain met, when papcrâ,wcre read : by the Bev. J. C. Kirby, on the subject of " Smalt Churches;" by Mr. G. Durham, on "Our senior scholars;" and by the Bev. J. P. Sundorland, on " Home and Foreinn MJBBÍODB." Each paper was followed by a ßliort discussion, Tbe thanks of the Assembly were «riven to fho readers of the papers, and also to Mr. John Fairfax for his offer to defray the cost of printing Mr. Durham's Essay in a form suitable for gratuitous circulation through- out the colonie». On Wednesday evening, a publio mooting was held on behalf of the Home Missionary Society. Mr. John Fairfax (in tho absence, through indisposition, of the Rev. John Graham) presided. Proceedings weio commenced with devotional exercises. The Rev. S. C, KBNT, said that this meeting was not to be regarded as the annual meeting of the Home Missionary Society, but morely as a publio meeting on its behalf, held in connection with the meetings of the Congregational Union. The committee had thought it wise that the financial year should end on tho 3let December, oonsc Juently the annual meeting would bo held early in annary. He know it had been customary for some persons outside* to lock to the report of the Home Mia-ionary Society as if it were the report of the operations of the churches of the Union throughout the colony. But in the report mention eould only bo made of that which wa» done by agents wholly or partially sustained by the Society's funds. Very much had been done by the Denomination which had never found a place in any report published'in connection with the society. At the commencement of tho year a deputation from the Glebe waited' upon the oom mittee te solicit the services of Mr. A. 'Lloyd. After con- sideration, the committee resolved to placa Mr. Lloyd at the Glebe. Through the kindness of a few friends there, a ternporary church had been provided, in which worship was regularly conducted, and a considerable congregation had been gathered, a ohuroh had been formed, and a Sunday schcol commenced with se mo 70 or 80 children; and Mr, Lloyd had been ordained pastor of the church.' A pi eco of land had been secured for a permanent structure. The church at Waterloo, under tho pastoral cara of Mr. Bradley, had nearly doubled its accommodation,' and the church was now OB well filled, according to its sizo,' as it was boforo the enlargement. Tho Bev. Mr. Morris, at North Shore, had obtained land at North Sydney, snd a church was now being croctod there. A church has already been fcrtaed at North Sydney, in connection with tho ono at St. Leonards, Mr. Morris being tbo pastor of both. Tho Rev. F. Browjne, during tho year, bad continued'his labours with great sucooss at Windsor ; he had, however, accepted an invitation from tho Putcr ebam church. îho Rov. Mr. Green, of Campbelltown (who was now on a visit to Queensland), had laboured vory suc- cessfully during tho year, and it was his (Mr. Kent's) privilege the cthor day, to go and see a ohurch whiah Mr; Green had been successful in getting erected at Appin. Somo months ago Mr. Wilton, of Gerringong, asked the society to send on agent to labour at Ulladulla. The place had been visited by tho Rev. J. Graham and *Qe Rev. G. G. Howden, and since then Mr. Charles Allon had boon ordained as pastor of a church at Ulludulla. A church building WOB now in course of orection thoro. The Rev. Mr. Maxwell, who lately laboured at Orango, has accepted on invitalion4o become pastor of a ohurch at Port Chalmers. Tho Rev. T. 8. Forsaith had formed a ohuroh at Parra- matta, and tho Rev. G. B. Goold has succeeded in forming a church at Bathurst. .A church bad also boon formed at Gulgong, under tho pastoral caro of tho Rov. Jamos Trevor. He mivht in conclusion remark that the Juvonila Missionary Society in connection with the Pitt-stroot chuich had contributed BB much ns £90 during the year towards tbo objects of tho society. In the first instance they sent £60, and they afterwards gavo £30 towards tbo purchaso of a j.ieco of land for the erection of a church at Gulgong.' Tho Rov. T. S. Forsaith, tho Rov. F. iBrowno, tho Rov. G. B. Goold, tho Rev. J. Trevor also addressed the meet- ing, and gavo vory Interesting, narratives of their work and ita results in their respectivo Bpheroi.of labour. On Thursday uftornoon tho 'Assembly met to attend to adjourned buBinesB. After reading and prayer, ( Mr. J. G. CATTEEY moved, ¡- " That this Assembly desires lo express its approval of the efforts being undo to pats a bill for restraining (he salo of intoxicating liquors, upon the permissive principle, and recommends the mem- bers of tho various churches to give tho amended bill their careful consideration." Mr. W, PRAÍC/T seconded-the motion, and, after a short discussion, it was agieed to. Mr. JOHN FAIIIFAX moved,-" That, whilst repudiating all State aid for tho support of tho Christian ministry; this Union is of opinion that it is expedient that application should be made to the Government- for-grants of -land for the erection of churches wherever now townships rpay ba proclaimed, and also in such townships .as may already have been proclaimed where it is probable that efforts miy hereafter be made to build places of worship in connection with our Denomination ; and, furtherythat tho oornmittoo of this Union be instructed to apply to Governraont for such grants of land ; recognising at tho Bama time the right of those who may afterwards use the land for Congrogational pui poses to pay for it at j ita, proper valuation at tho^ dato of the original dedication of that land." ThiB motion gavo riso to considerable discussion, and ultimately the following resolution was agreed to : " That the discussion on this question be postponed to the meetings of this Union next October; and tiut the committee request that tho Rev. Messrs. Kent and Kirby introduce the subject by reading papers thereon." ' It was resolved that the next April mooting s of the Union be held at Parramatta. On tho motion of the Rev. T. Johnson, seconded by the Rev. 8. C. Kent, the thanks of the assembly war* given to Mr. R. Nott for the valuable services he hod rendered as lay secretary to the Union since ita formation, i The thanks of tho assembly wero ulso given to tho pallor and deacons of the Pitt-street ohuroh for thoir hospitality and gratuitous use of the building for tho meetings-of tho Union. Tho minutes were read, and tho business of the Union closed'with prayer. I In the evening, a united Communion service was hold, when an address was delivered by the Rjv. ThoiuM Johnson-other ministers also taking uart in the proceed- ings. 