TOPICS OF THE DAY. I'P to the time of our going to press tho arrival of the branch steamer from the Sound had not been telegraphed. No doubt some disappointment will bo felt at tho delay ; but' ut the present season of the year, tho voyage irom oouinampton to Suez is likoly to have boen slightly protracted by heavy weather, and as the steamer leaving that port was to proceed direct through tho Suez Canal to Calcutta, some little margin would have to bo allowed. If all has gone well, probably during the night the news may be to band. Wo havo boen requested to notify that tbo Licensing Bench for the city of Mel bourne will sit to-morrow at eleven o'clock, instead of twelve as previously named. All unopposed applications for licenses postponed for non-attendance or otherwise from the last meeting, will be dealt with first, and after wards the opposed applications will bo pro ceeded with. We may mention again that every applicant, whether opposed or not, must appear, either in person or by attorney, and that, in case of no appearance being made, the application will be struck out of the list. In an article discussing the border duties, the Sydney Morning Herald of the 14th inst. suggests the '-feasibility of passing a short Act, limiting the entry of dutiable goods to ' three or four places on tho Murray ; to mako it compulsory on ell persons passing dutiable goods across at these places to give an accurate statement of the quantity and value of such goods; and to the officers of Customs power to examine, in all oases where they may reasonably think that false information has been tendorod. The intention of tho Act would bo to determine the actual amount of duty repayable to New South Wales. Of course, if that colony is willing to pay tho expense, it certainly has the right to estab lish these towns of entry. The Herald points out the heavy responsibility which will rest on both Governments, if some arrangements are not made to prevont tho establishment of Border Custom- houses. As tho matter is practically in the hands of Sir James Martin and his Government, any over tures for the solution of the difficulty muBt come from his side, as it would hardly lie in the power of the Government of Victoria to suggest them. For tho convenience of members of the Volunteer Force we noto that immediately application is made by any member entitled to receive a land certificate, ond on produc tion of the necessary declaration, the certifi cate will be made out, hut in all cases receipts will have to be handed to the gentleman np. pointed to receive them. Should volunteers entitled to certificates not bo able to make personal application, the pcrsonsjauthorised to receive the certificates on their behalf must present a printed order by way of authority, copies of which may bo obtained at tho Crown Lands Office on and after to morrow. Daring to day the hon. the Prcsi- aent of tho Lands Department ha3 been busily engaged in placing his signature to the forms of certificate. It is to be distinctly understood that in no caso will certificates be issued -without tho proper receipts are; handed impersonally or by accredited agents. Wo have been requested to Btate that tho sale of Crown lands, to be- held to-morrow ana on the 2flkH inat, will tako plnoa at tho rooms of Messrs. GemmcU, Tuckett and Co.', CoUins-street weBt, and not at the rooms of Cohen and Co., as previously announced. Wo regret to have to record the very and- den death last, night, or early this morning, of Mrs. GaloghIycwife of tho landlord of tho Civil Service Club HoteJ, Collins street east. Last night Mrs. Galoghly retired to rest in her usual apparently good health, and this morning was found dead in her bed. Dr. Beaney made a post mortem examination of tho body during the day, and an inquest was to bo; held by the City Coroner at 4 o'clock this afternoon. Jffe ucelong Advertiser states that tbedeath of Mr. Thomas Austin formed the chief, though mournful, topic of conversation oh Saturday, and universal was tho regret that so good a colonist should have boon out off so early, he being only fifty-six years of age. A few years ago ho looked so vigorously, healthy that one would have been inclined to believe ho would live to the allotted space of three-score years and ten. He, however, never seemed to be the same man - after meet ing with an accident, through which he poiBoned one of his fingers, and which mem ber had subsequently to ho amputated to save hie life. This occurred about two years ago. He drew the tail of a colt through his hand, aud it was believed that he must have run a grass or some other' seed into his finger. .At any rate, that was tho timo , that tho finger was poisoned. Ho leaves seven children— fonr daughters, two of whom are" married, and three sons-and if Is.beiieyed' that; they- will ; share -equally -fin his great wealth, it being a somewhat favorite saying of his, that his children were equal favorites, . and should all sharo al'ko. On Sunday, a hearso drawn by four horees, and two mourning coaches, arrived from Ballarat, and arc to meet tho remains of the dcceoscd gontlemnn at the mid-day train from Bal larat to-day. From tbo station the funeral will proceed to tho eastern cemetery. An Bxccutivo meeting was held this after noon, and amongst other thiugs, wo have reason for bolioving that tho dates for hold ing circuit courts for the year 1S72 were fixed. Tho Board of Immigration Commissioners will, to-morrow morning, proceed on board the Government immigrant ship Stonehouse, which arrived in the Bay yesterday, for the purpose of making the usual inspection prior to the passengers being forwarded to Melbourne, whioh it is anticipated will be done during afternoon. A destructive fire is reported by the Bal larat Courier as baviug broken out on Satur day last, about a quarter to 10 p.m., in New town, Scarsdalc, at the residence- of Mr. David Ponder. It raged with such violence that in a short timo his commodious house, valuable furniture, musical instruments, books, &c; , were entirely destroyed, with over £80 iu notes and valuable snourilies, Mr. Pender was a short distance from home at tho timo. Mrs. Peudci- got out their three children in their night-drosses, and saved nothing but the clothes alio w \s wear ing. Tho stable and outhouses were in great danger, and must but for a sodden change of wind havo shared the fatu of tho house. A hrrso and buggy wero soon placed in safety, but - two or three geese in tho yard wero burned. Tho. lire was caused by a draught from au open bedroom window blowing tho blind against a lighted candle, and discovered by M rs. Pender on going to remove it. Tho child iu that room was quickly placed in safety ; but the other two had to bo reached by passing- through a passage and two rooms — a task which Mrs. Pender Bafely accomplished. Mrs. Brown, a neighbor,' afforded tho needed shelter for the night; and great sympathy is felt for Mr. Ponder in his heavy misfortune, tho property beiug uninsured. Mr. Pender has has been coginecr to the Golden Stream Gold Mining Company from its commencement, and superintended the valuablo plants aud erections of the company with nn amount of zeal and fidelity that is not likely to pass un rewarded by the company in liis hour of mis-, fortune. Mr. Pender estimates his loss to be near -£CC0. Shortly before two o'clock thiB morning, a firo broke out and destroyed two small wooden dwellings situated in Waterloo- road, off Wellington-street, East Col- Iingwood. Tho houso in which the fire originated was unoccupied, and tho ad joining house was iu the occupation of a plumber named Davies. The llatnt-s spread to another small wooden house, which was also, to some extent damaged. Tho local fire brigado was in attendance, and .the firo was extinguished in a few minutes after tlieir arrival. The property destroyed was owned by Mr. Michael M'Evvan, who resides at Williamstown. It is not known if tho damago is covered by insurance. A dastardly theft, says the Ballarat Star, was perpetrated in 8t. Mark's Church, Brown Hill, between Friday evening and .Sunday morning. The thief . or thieves must havo had recourse to skelotou keys or a picklock, as the ehuroh door was ' found unlocked. Yesterday morning, when the Sunday Boliool teachers arrived, previous to morning service, everything was in disorder, and tho clergy man's surplice, with tbo Communion table- cover, missing. This is tho second robbery that has been committed in the same church within a few months. On the previous oc casion tho thieves took away all the Sunday scholars' collections that had for some timo been accumulating for the purpose of increas ing their library. Potty thefts have much increased all round ' that neighborhood of late, the Fellmougera hotel having alqp been laid under contribution a short timo ago, while all the inmates wore in bed. It has been a matter of notoriety for some consider able time, that tho ranges from Brown Hill and extending across . tho Melbourne road and railway lino, havo been infested by thieves of every grade, to whom nothing comes amiss in shape of linen, tools, eliifcUonB, fencing timber for firewood, potatoes from the fields, and fruit from gardens. Such at least is the description we get of this heigh-' borhood frome some of its oldest and nust rospectablo inhabitants, aud the urgency for 1 bettor police protection becomes at onco an parent. ....... Tho Beuilgo Adcerliser reports that last evening Mr. G. C. Leocb, B.A., delivoroda leoturo in the Lyceum Theatre on " Tho Life ; ana teachings of Jesus of Nazaroth." The theatre was orowded in every part, and tho andienco was an attentive ono. . The learned lecturer- spoke for one hour aud twenty on subject announced, which ho handled In a cautious yet masterly manner. He laid it down as a proposition established by reason anfLanalogy, that Jesus Christ, though the greatest moral teacher' and philii- aopher tlio world' over saw, and tlio greatest benefactor ..of mankind, was riot divine, but merely a special instrument in tlio hands of God for the instruction of mankind, tho ad, vancement of thought, and the protection of religion and morality. ,He contended that Jesus died aa ho was born, and lived— a man but' a ihodol man, wBose example all should imitate, _ andwhoso pure sentiments wore in the main worthy of .all acceptation. We understand that the lecture will be piibliBlied during tho week, and those who had not the opportunity of hearing, will have tho plea sure of reading it. t Tho Ballarat Star has the following: " On Friday evening a deputation, cousistiri" of representatives of the Ebeuezer rreiby- tenan Church session and congregation waited on the Hev. -J;- W. Inglis, and' lire' Bented him with an elegant illnminated'ad- dress, which is as follows ' To tho Rev. J. W. Inglis, St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, J2th.. December, "1.871.— Rev. deal- Sir, We, tho elders, members, arid adherents' of Ebcnezhr Presbyterian Church, ombraco this opportunity of gratefully acknowledging the very kind interest you havo felt in us as our moderator during the last thirteen months-; most attentive and considerate in tho discharge of . all the duties pertaining to that office. You havo been during our va cancy our faithful and friendly adviser. We pray that for your I alio r of love amongst iv' JUj m the hand of the " Grtat Head of the UmroU ; that you and. yours may know the favor .of Him who ia the "All-merciful :Une, and whose gifts are without rcmiit- Tn£n wSCd ae, bhalf of the Bion by John Whiteman Gray ; and on behalf of the congregation, John Batnsay. seoretaiy;' Mr Cray, in presenting Hie atldreas, said it had been unanimously adopted at a- meeting of the congregation. Thov also , i... w„L,freerntaTtio?- w"3 not ot more intrinsic J -i JPSRs. m a few appropriate re- marks, enitably acknowledged the gift. " m Hares, says th o Ballarat Starr seem to be making their way into the country distr'cts, a-levoret haying boon started and killed on 14th December by -the dogs of Mr. James. ; Dickson, in. a paddock of his about two miles Ifroin Clunes. Snipe, though not numerous, ,aro occasionaUy met with in the locality, an £ ion loth December, Mr. J. Rous succeeded in- bagging four brace of splendid birds in a paddock at Coghill's Creek. " The Australian Christmas Story-Book" has reached us, which is. compiled by Mr. Cyrus Mason, and published by Mr. George for tffiUdreD contains soiiio pleasing stories Mr. Anthony .Trollope, the, celebrated novelist, deliyera,-:hiff docturo - on. Modern Fiction atjtho Town-hall this ovariing, and of course there will bo a great audience pre sent, .for: the mere, fact of so: favorite -an author coming forward -ill public. to assist in a good cause, will be quite "sufficient t'o'fill tbo hall to ovorflowing, independent of tho oosiro which is felt to hoar what ho -has to say on a subject whioh ho, of all men, Bliould bs thoroughly at homo in. Holders of tickets w Ubo admitted at half-past 7, and persons not having admission cards, will bo ablo to procure thoni at tho doors after a quarter to oight. The tickets of admission bsar full directions as to tho proper ontranco doors. We have received from Messrs. John jVrke and Co , of tho Gift Depot, a neat and mteresiing _" Souvenir from Melbourne," wb'ch_conta"ia eighteen wcH-oxccuted repre sentations of tho principal public buildings of LHilbourno. As a Christmas present to our English friends it is worthy of special attention. The Priucess Thcatro during the midday porfoimanco, and on the evening of Saturday was crowded by a delighted audience, who testified their satisfaction in a most hearty taaunor at tho many good tilings produced. Mr. Taylor astonished not a few by tho manner in whioh he man pulated, in tho way, knives, plates, and balls, whilst nJ W1,s perched on a moving globe. This part of tho J"'ert_ainment was clever to a dogreoo, and was l"oi,Y"v. applauded, as also were tho daring feats of equestrianism as performed by Mr. Gilham arid Master Pittmin, both of whom displayed great ap titude in doing amusing tilings on barebacked steeds. There was plenty of fun provided by tho clown, Mr. Airey, who was encored for_ a comic song whioh was roally oomio. This company is a strong one, and Btands high in public estimation. St George's Hali, on Saturday night was completely filled iu every pott by a most appreciative audience, for whom tho singing of Mr. Jackson's company, aud notably as regarded tho vocal efforts of Mr. H. Rickards, apparently possessed many charms, so much so that onooros wore in tho ascendant, and applause most hearty. Wo must admit that Mr. Rickards has never been equalled, or anything like approached, by any vocalist of the samo olass who lias previously appeared before tlie public of Melbourne. His singing is first-class, his acting good, and his humor oxliaustless. Ho never tiros his audience, excepting when remaining for too long an interval off tho stage, and his entree is always the signal for a warm welcome. On Satur day night he gavo unbounded satisfaction, as has boon tho caso each night of his appear- anco. Miss Rickards made a oapablo asso- ciate, and one or two tilings sung by Miss Watson we thought oxceedingly pleasing. Mr- Ramsdcn Sustained his portion of tlio programme as woJl as bo onuld, and the audi ence gavo him credit for it. Tho buccoss of this company is most pronounced. Tho en tertainment takes placo this evening, aud until further notice. Considering, the number of counter at tractions obtaining on Saturday night, tho attendance at the Polytechnic-liall was most satisfactory, a rosult to be credited to the popularity of Mis3 Rosa Cooper and Mr. Lionel Harding, who made a first appearance in a drawing-room entertainment, entitled " Mntrimony." Tho plot of tho affair is par- ttcularly Bimplo, tho interest turning on tho visitation of oortain females to a gentleman in Paris, who advertises for a wife, Mr. Harding porsonifyiug tho fast young gentle man, and _ Miss Cooper the various feminioes who put in an appearance, anxious to secure 'hat individual's hand, heart, and fortune, to which lattor Mr. Charles Augustus Popham, .the fast young gentleman, had not tho ghost of a claim. The characters assumed by Miss Cooper included a Parisian female barber, a litorary spinster of uneertaiu ago, and terribly Ruehmg; a young lady of tho period, bouncoable and fast ; a country girl pe culiarly unsophisticated, but a caution as to temper ; a mad person with peculiar ideas, and a lady with a turn for tragedy ; and in each of those she showed to great advantage Thn changes wero inado with rapidity and her make-up was perfeot. Wo do not know which character we liked boat, ail being so good: Tho songs and selections from tlio poets, introduced by Miss Cooper were heartily enjoyed. The burden of tho entertainment faliB on tho lady's shoulders, Mr. Harding holding but a very secondary place, which ho filled, wo though-, too quietly, unless tho line adopted by him was intended to give greater prominence to tho vivacity of Miss Cooper, who, through ut completely carried, tho audience with her. A merry sketch, entitled " Astonishment," nud illustrating tho adventures of a gentleman who endeavors to give his wifo tho slip, aud in which Miss Cooper assumes a male cha racter, with a good deal of spirit, brought the entortainment to a satisfactory conelu- siou. The samo programme will bo repeated to-niglit. Amongst the most recent additions to tho large collection of figures and groups at tho Waxworks Exhibition. Bourke-street East is a figure of Patrick Geary, tho murderer of inomas ifrookbouse, and a most interest- ing group, illustrative of the closing scene in tha massacre of Bishop PatteBon. This gronp consists of seven figures, four of which represent natives engaged in the horrible tragedy, whilst of tho others two represent seamen of tho Bishop's vessel, the other figure being that of the Bishop, extended on tuo ground. The upraised arm of tho prelato is BQtzcd by tho hand of a native, who with tlio other brandishes a club prior to dealing tho fatal blow. The rosemblance of the waxen featuroB to thoso of tho Bishop has been moat faith fully adhered to, and tho pose of the native is natural to a degree — io fapt tins group may be regarded as the most finished result of modelling in wax which has ever been uitrnduocd to the notico of the » .ctoriau public, Mr. ICreitmeyor, who was occupied for some length of timo in perfecting it, never having boon more suc cessful ; and he himself regards this group as by far tuo bosh ho has over modollofi The now premises are a great advance on tho old establishment — there being an appearance altin to elegance about tho present exhibition, winch, during the past week, was visited by a very considerable number "of sightseers who were, perfectly satisfied with tho result of their visit, and especially so with respect to tho insight obtained by them into tho rapid and skilful' manner with which Mr Koencko engraves designs of all kinds on glass, from simplo letters to hlaboi-ato coats Mrn 1rBp\ ?f, flowere' al"l ' portraits. n eke oo r tai ffiy carries out this art to perfection. This gentleman has just engraved tifbSp0) P arrayed in full pon tificals, in an exceedingly clevor manner, and also a portrait of tho Emperor of Germany M VP pl1' and tho rosult is perfeot. We never inspected a finer speci men of engraving on glass. 