A TALE OF BLOOD. The Colac mystery will hardly have been forgottnn by our readers. In September, 1869, the skeleton of a man was discovered underneath a heap of stones, about a mile and a half from the Tea Tree, in the direction of the Corangami'e Lake. A man and his son were stone-walling on the ran of the late Mr Hugh Murray, when a rabbit darted out close by. Tbe lad at once gave chase, and the animal took shelter in a bole, and when in the act of removing Bome stones toget at it, hediscovered tbe entire skeleton of a man. That the man bad been murdered there was no doubt, »a the right side of the skull bad been smashed in, the collar bone broken, and several other bones fractured, and it was believed they were the bones of a shepherd formerly in the employ of the late Mr Murray, and who suddenly disappeared between sixteen andseventeenyears ago, and was never again heard of, although his dog •was frequently traced to tbe vicinity or where tbe skeleton was found. It was not to be wondered that no traces of the man were discovered before, as the body bad been concealed in such a manner as to defy discovery exept by accident. At the inquest the evidence tended to implicate & man named Geary, who was also missing, but the jury returned this verdict:— Tbe jury are of opinion that the ckcleton found at tbe Tea Tree is that of Thomas. Brookhouse, and tbat he was foully murdered !>y sonio person or nereons unknown. Tbe spquel is told by the Alburg Banner of Wednesday last, under t head of "Suspected Murder." A strange case (eaya.the Banner) .came before the Bench here on Mond»y. A man named Geary was brought up on suspicion of having committed mnrder anme sixteen or seventeen years ago at Colac in Victoria; the only evidence as yet against him being a statement alleged to have been made by him to his mate, one Lynch, who swore in court tbat prisoner had confessed to him and several others that be bad committed the murder, first by throwing the man on the fire, and then finishing him with an axe. Tbe following is the report of the case:— John Geary, on remand, was charged with murder, iir Inspector Singleton conducted tlie prosecution ; Mr Dwyer appeared for the defence. Thomas Lynch deposed : I am a laborer in the employ .of Mr Murphy, of the Piney Range, and bave known prisoner for twenty years. His. name is Patrick Geary. He was lately shepherding for Mr Murphy for two years. At Mr Murphy's I asked prisoner what was the reason he had changed his name. I blew bis name well. He said, " 1 sot to be a very bad boy since you parted with me." Since I parted from him in Tasmania I never raw him till I met bim at Mr' Murnhy's, at tbe Piney Ratge. Prisoner said, I lived with a Mr Murray, at C<>lac. A man came down to my place, who tracked the sheep down to my place. I said to him, *Jf I find out any more of this work, Fli see you for it.'" Prisoner also said he put him in tbe fire and followed him np with the »xe and killed bim, and got a horse and made bis wife help to Dut tbe body on tbe horse. These were bis own words. I never held out any indncement to prisoner to make this statement to me. The man whom prisoner said that he had killed was called old Tom Brookes, or some such name, and was in the same employ as prisoner. By the Bench : Prisoner was sober at the time lie made this statement. Tbe first person I mentioned t his to was Mr Murphy. It was in prisoner's hut tbat be told me this. His wife was not there. I have seen her in Tasmania. I have no illfeeling against Mm. 1 told liim to keep his own couusel. He .said the reason his wife was not living with bim was tbat they could not agree. By Mr D«yer: I partly guess that of late there is a bad feeling between Mr Murphy and the prisoner. The prisoner was remanded for three days. The forfegoinR is from the Daily Tdegroph and that journal *' improves the occasion," as follows :— The Australian "bush has its secrets as much as the " dark un&tlioiued; c:ives of ocean," but the ocean will give up its dead, tbe bush will disclose its mysteries. Still is it true that " The spirits of injured men Start upwards from lite sod; Aye, and tlie ghost.lv hand will point To show tlie burial clod, And unknown lucls of guilty acts Are seen ill (beams litnn God." This day we publish a tale of murder that the earth would not cover; tbe revelation uf a secret the human conscience conltl not conceal tale more startling >II its reality than a romance. Some eighteen months back, in September 1869, a deep sensation w*s caused by the discovery at Colac of a skeleton, sun bleached and weather beaten, but with a fractured skull, t'<e mute witness of a crime committed sixteen years back For the evi deuce taken at tbe inquest proved that these relics of poor mortality were tbe remains of a shepherd, one Thomas Bonkbouse, who bad unaccountably disappeared, and whose mate. Geary, was strongly suspected at- tbe time uf foul play. When the disappearance occurred a strict search was made for tbe missing man, but no trace of him, living ordead, was obtained. Geary joined tlie tracking .{larlies, but shortly after, as if unable to stmd the looks of old and young, fled suddenly from tbe scene of the dark suspicions. The bush or the grave appeared to have closed over his bead, as it had ov^r that of Brookhouse. It was not so. A lad tracking a startled rabbit auiid tbe crevices of a rock discovered the carefully hidden skeleton of Brookhouse; and more wouderful still, eveu at this lapse of time, tbe "still small voice of coiiBcieuce" has now found out Oeaiy. Tlie man. who is still shepherding, has confessed to the crime. Be has related how he did it with an axe to conceal his guilt of sheep stealing, and he is Dow a prisoner at Albary. The murder is out, and as this confession canhardly bave been invented—can hardly be the result of delirinui—so, we may presume, is tbe murderer detected. What years'of agony must be iu stem reality have suffered for a day of crime! . A LITTLE SIX FT* HISTORY. — One day a honest minerup in Calaveras bit himself with a small snake of the garter variety; as either a possible antidote or wilh a determination to enjoy the brief remnant of a wasted life,-he applied a brimming jug of whiskey to bis lips, and kept it there mitii, like a replefced leech, it fell off. The man fell off likewise. The next day, while the body lay in state on a pine slab; and the bereaved partner of the deceased was unbending in a game of seven up with a iiiendly Chinaman,-tlie same was interrupted by.a familiar voice, which- seemed to proceed from tbe jaws of the corpse:—" I say, Jim!"'.Bereaved: partner played- king of spades and claimed " high," then lookiug oyer bis shoulder at the melancb"ly reuiainsreplied, "Well, what is it, Davei fm liuhy." "I say. Jim!," repeated the coipse iu tbe same measured toue. . With a look ot iiiteiise. annoyance, and muttering something about people that could never stay, dead nior'n a minutej the berraved paririer rose' and stood-over the body with his cards in his hauds. "JimrontinueAthe mighty deed, how. for is this thing gone ,1 paid the "Chinaman two and a half to dig the 'grave: " Did he strike anythingT' The Chinaman looked up : "Ale strikes pay dirt ; me.nobury'Mehcan to 'em grave. Me keep liim claim." I'he corpse sat up rigidiy:—"Jim, get my: revolver juid chase that pigtailofLJanip his sepulchre, and andtaxhiscauip SdolB each for proapeplln* on the public dirtnain. , 5ihe ;ottongo)yun , -hordes: her got to be^got .ftndet;t And-^ say—Jim J if ^anymore serpents .cojme-Joolin" .roundhere,i •drive 'euMoK. iTaint tight to bite k Cellar when 1 whiskey^ ^dol j&galloiL; . Darn .all foreigners anyhow.« fipchvdear mcier, ..was the origin of; tbe.coolie .movemen hHUr. t—.Fr&nax;» ffeuk t ? 