A MAN liURNKD TO T>HAT1 r Shortly before two o'clock on Tuesday morning a live, attended by circumstances of a most lament •Able oharactev occurred in Kelvin place, off Cardi gan-street, Carlton. An elderly man named Michael Kennedy, who was, so far as can belearned between fifty ami sixty years of age, mid was by trade a peripatetic luiifc and scissors grinder, lately I took a small two- roomed wooden cottage in this | right-of-way. Mo was accompanied by his wife?, and the pair lived there ill a state of miserable poverty, the only furniture in Hie place being, by all aocoiuit:i, a box, and some straw which servcil as a bed for tlie pair. T'hcir squalid misery was, it seems, the rOjOilc of habits of intemperance, earned on regularly, so often as there wero funds with which tho p>ir could obtain tlio .lueaus of satisfying their unholy appetites for drink. As is usual under such circumstancca, quarrelling was frequent between them, and-on Monday night, Kennedy having roturned home partially intoxi cated, tlioro ensued several hours, of uninterrupted squabbling, wliicll at times wcllt as far ovon ns blows. _ At Inst, about twenty minutes to two o'clock in tlio morning, tho woman loft the houso for tlio purpose, it is stated, of obtaining some tobacco from some acquaintances. Her husband, it is believed, oho left looked in tho houso, where a caudle was burning. Shortly after a neighbor named Bell, who had bean leapt np by tho distur bances between the unhappy pair, hoard Kennedy calling out, and immediately afterwards observed flames issuing from between some cracks in the partition. The wholu block of buildings being constructed of wood, the flames spread' 30 quietly that Bell and the other neighbours wero compelled to direct their efforts towards saving their own families, and most of these wore turned out into the right-of-way with nothing ou but their night linen, so rapidly did tho (ire spread. Tho cousequenco was that 110 assistance could be rendered to the unfortunato man Kennedy, 1 and lie must havo bden literally roarftcd alive in hi3 own miserable habitation. At one time there seemed to bo overy probability that tho whole block of some six or eight wooden tene ments WQuld bo burnt to the ground; but tho me tropolitan Fire Brigade was oil tho spot with its usual alacrity, ivnd succeeded with some difficulty in arresting tho progress of tho fire. Afterwards in searching amongst tho ashes of Kennedy's house, the charred and bloekene;! remnins of tho miserable, being wero found nssvr where tlio door hall been. His legs wero completely burnt off and the whole body utterly unimlentiKable. It is supposed that after Ilia wife went out lie, in his drunken reeling, upset the candle, and t.et iu'e to the straw 011 tho iloOi', and thus caused this dreadful catastrophe. The other sufferers by the firo are Messrs. Hell, Dyce, Mrs. Freeman, and Miss .Murphy. In addition to Kennedy's house, Bill's two-roomed cottage was totally destroyed; Mrs. Freeman's cottage, of a similar description, was partially burnt down, and a six-roomed wooden house, occupied jointly by Dyce and family and Miss Murphy, was also considerably damaged. Kennedy's house was owned by a Mr. Bolan, Boll's by Mr. A. HolHday, Mrs. Freeman's by Mr. Walton, and Dyce's by Mrs. Murphy, and they are all-insured sufficiently tij cover the loss. Tho occupants, however, suffer by destruction of furni ture in somo instances, and damage to it in others, tho losses being from 1*3 to .£15. An inuuest is to held on Kennedy's body to-day.— ■Telajrtiph. 'I'nK liCHUOA Piumc.—Mr. Longmoro and Mr Vale have boon visiting Kchuea. Tho .i«/c says-—The 'Commissioner of Customs mul the Comtnissionrr 0f Railways returned on Tuesday night from Ucliuea. I he object of Mr. Langmore in visiting tho place was to see what increased facilities could lie given for the large trattlcjiow flowing into Hchuc'a' Mr , "Jo was desirous of ascertaining the best steps to be taken m ease Sir James Martin should retaliate upon Victoria for not consenting to his proposed border duties so that the trade of the border should be the least interfered with. The Commissioner of Customs also obtained some valuable informa tion to guide him inflaming the regulations for the Drawbacks Act. Ax Unfortunate Traveller.— Tlio Ceuhn Ob server, writing on the wreck of the Rangoon says:—Ono gentleman, n. well-known Alctorian squatter, was particularly unfortunate, his lioavv haggago having been lost in the ship tTiideriey wrecked on the Islo of Wight, jit,st bisfdro ho left England, and now nil his light luggage had gone down in tlio Rangoon, for ho was too busy savin" Ins wife's things to mind his own. The officers of the liangoon have suffered severely iii property more particularly, wo believe, Dr. 1511iott, and Mr! Graham, the chief engineer; while the purser, Mr. Leversage, so well- known (along with several morn of the officers) to travellers by the Australian route, got one hand burnt severely while en^a-'ed in firing off rockets and signal guns. ° "■ Fiiie B.Mit.s.—From tlio Beaufort Chronick yvb leani that "a gentleman who happened to bo travelling in tlio vicinity of Waterloo at tho tinio tlio recent stornl was at its height,, states that wlule looking in tho direction of Mount Colo be saw a fireball drop rapidly from the heavens. This phenomenon was witnessed by a person who saw the .fireball strike tho ground." "Wo are informed by Mr. Brown, tho curator of tlio Sandhurst Re servo, that on tire afternoon, and about the time tho lad;Jones was killed by lightning at1 the Back Creole, he saw from tlio bill on which his residen'co stands, a globo of fire of large size descend, as it appeared to him, in tho direction of the locality in which tile fatal accident took place. The Ballarat papers speak of banquets to both the Ministry and to Sir. W. C. Smith. 1 Tub Ballarat Races.'—The Star gives tlio fol lowing as tho lastest betting:—Ballarat Cup— •itol agsfc Lapdog (taken freely, ;j offered), 0 to 1 agst Praetor (ofTerod). 5 to 1 ngst Barbello (taken), 5 to 1 ngst Saladin, 5 to 1 agst Warrior (offered and taken), (5 to 1 agst liomula. 7 t.o 1 agst Irish King, from 10 to 15 to 1 agst any other. Ballarat Hurdle Race -3 to ,1 agst Moscow, 4 to 1 agst Unknown, -1 to 1.; agst Middy Ashore,' 5 to 1; ngst Potatoes, 2 to 1 agst Dolo, 8 talO to l.agstfany other. Ballarat Handicap— i to 1 agst Saiadin, 1 to 1 agst -Misty Morn, 0 to 1 agst The Aee, 5 to 1 agsfc Barbello, 10 to i agsfc any other." Moons, the .Ballarat Defaulter — The caso.of George Moore, the defaulting collector of the Bal larat District Hospital, was considered on 'Tuesday by the Supreme Court sitting in banco. Ifc will bo remembered that 011 the 25th. July last Moore was convicted of embezzling certain. moneys', the pro perty of the hospital,, subjects to certain points reserved, the,, principal of which was that beiii" himself a governoi of the institution , he could not ho accused of embezzling his own property. After the jury had found the prisoner guilty, subject to the points reserved, the Judge intimated his inten tion of passing sentenoe 011 the following morning the 20th. In order that the prisoner might be set at liberty 011 the evening of the 2oth, he and his sureties entered into recognisance that he should " appear at the next court of general gaol delivery to be liolden at Melbourne 011 the 7th day of Sep tember, 1S71, or whenever he should thereto be required, ill order to receive tho sentence of tho said court for embezzlement, whereof he has been informed against and by a jury of the country convicted, and so from day to day, and not depart the said court without leave, then this recognisance to be void, or else to stand in full force and virtue." The sureties were John Monro and John James Moore, who each became bond for £200, and the prisoner bound himself in the sum of£100toappeart» receive sentence. On tlie'Jfith prisoner surrendered himself, and the Court sentenced him to three years' imprisonment with hard labor, rending the Full Court delivering judgment as to (lie points reserved in favor of tho prisoner, lie absconded, and an application was made that the recognisance en tered into might be estreatvd. This was opposed on the ground thai the only recognisance entered into by the .sureties was for Moore's appearance to receive sentence, and that he having surrendered himself, and being seiuenced, tlu> condition of the bond was thereby performed, and his sureties were discharged. The Judge referred the matter to the 1*1111 Court for their consideration, and yesterday his Honor, the acting Chief Justice, delivered an expression of opinion to the effect that they could not recommend the learned Judge who tried the case to estreat tho recognisance under the cireum stai c »•.—Teltgraph. Sun-stroke.—A hint from India on the subject of sunstroke, .[t appears from a local paper that the superintendent of the Lahore Gaol has discovered a ne-.v method of dealing with the emergency. Nino of his prisoners were struck-at once, and exhibited the usual symptoms of a serious case, being all in sei.sible, and breathing with ditlicultv. dI". I.eth bridge caused them to lie laid in a row on the covl tloor of the hospital, and then ordered the bhecMi-'n (water carriers) to play upon them with a cold stream. The treatment was continued for live hours before much improvement was perceptible, but success was obtained at last, and every man re covered. It appews, therefore, that a very natural remedy lias hitherto failed for want of a sufficient trial, and tnat Dr. Ijethbiidgc's continuous course of treatment may be accepted in the light of a dis~ covery. There sjQms good reason to suppose that; the cooling treatment—by the medium of drench ing—Is efficacious if it be continued for a sufficient time. A Ghost Story.—A San Francisco medium has interviewed the ghost that walks the wharf at Oak land by night, and ascertained that he was one or the ferry-boat El Capitan victims, and would have been rescued had not another in an jumped 0:1 his back, and in saving himself drowned him. Ho is now looking for the man who did it.—JS'av York Timet. Wine Improvement.—A new invention which has recently been made in California must prove highly advantageous to States where wine and fruit are largely cultivated, especially as regards the pre paration of wine and cider. According to the com monly-used process, several months elapse before the fermentation is completed, afterwhich the wine has to he stored for several years before it is ripe. The deficiency in our present process of fermenta tion :s to be found in the fact that tho surface of tile liquid in the vats only come in contact with the air. In the new process air is brought in contact with all parts of the liquid by means of perforated tubes. It is stated that the whole process is finished in about five days (?), and that in two or three weeks afterwards the wine is clear and ripe, and 110 longer subject to spontaneous fermentation. —The Food Juuniat. Tiie English halfpenny postage experiment ap pears to h ive been quite successful. Wo learn from an official report, that in the fir»t six months of the reduced rate there were sold 77,21S.GS9 half penny stamps, value £1(10,8GG; of halfpenny postage cards, 5S,-185,060, value £121,815; and of halfpenny wrappers, 33,048,420, value £68,S50. 