SATURDAY, JULY 1, 1871. Mr. GRANT'S speech, at Inglewood contrasts advantageously with, the de- liverances of each of his colleagues. It isi genial in tone, frank in statement, generous in sentiment, and entirely free f'rbm gasconade. The Minister of Landa does not fly on to the top of a three-rail fence, clap his wings, and crow lustily, after the fashion of the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. He does not appear to* believe that wisdom waa first born into the world when the present Ministry took office, and that it will die out of it when his Government- falls from power. As he says, he is not new to the difficulties and responsibilities of his. position. He has tasted the sweets and bitters of official life. He knows by experience what obstacles beset the accomplishment of the best-intentioned p¿licy, how much the sum of every public man's contribution to the welfare and advancement of the state falls short of his expectations, and how tentative and imperfect is the statesmanship of men who have to deal with the rough material and the hostile cir- cumstances incidental to the work of legislation and administration of a now country. And, knowing this, he re- frains from indulging in injurious re- flections upon his predecessors in office, and declines to predict that the regene- ration of society will be brought about by the advent to power of himself and hi^ coadjutors. There is so much in the manner and matter of Mr. GRANT'S speech to cause it to stand out in bright relief when compared with the speciously worded manifestó of ' Mr. DUFFY, and the ad captandum braggadocio of Mr. BERRY, that wo cannot help wishing that Mr.. GRANT would be always as considerate of! his own reputation as he seems to have been upon this occasion, and dedi- cate hiB mental activity to no un worthier objects than 'some of those which he has proposed to himself inj returning to office. Unlike the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer, Mr. GRANT was candid enough to acknowledge the source from which the Government proposes to borrow its' fiscal policy, and we presume we ought to recognise the compliment which he has paid us in so doing. Con- sidering the views which he has always held on- the subject of protection, ho cab, with perfect consistency, assist in giving practical effect to that policy. As wè pointed out in the article from which he quoted so largely at Inglewood, upon the protectionists should devolve the duty of introducing and carrying a compromise tariff, while the position to! be taken up by the free-trade mem- bers of the Assembly should be one of passive acquiescence. It is for Messrs. DUFFY, O'QRADY, and M'LELLAIT to settle with thoir own consciences for the inconsistency and denial of principle of j which they will be guilty in taking an active part in promoting a policy which is irreconcilable with the views thoy have always held, and which can emanate with propriety only from that party, and from that section of the pre- sent Cabinet, which has uniformly and believingly advocated the dootrinos of prptection. ' jBut if effectively protective duties i are to be imposed on a limited number of articles, and all others, excepting those retained for revenue purposes, are to be abolished, -while direct taxation is I at the same time to be avoided, how is ¡ the existing deficit to be covered without having recourse to a greatly increased scale of duties on the importa from which we are to derive our customs revenue ? As one source of i income the Custom-house is no doubt highly eligible, but Mr. GRANT and his colleagues must remember that the taxes so collected "are always " liable," as Mr. MILL remarks, " to " encroach on what should be left un " taxed, the incomes barely sufficient " for healthful existence." Their inci deace, moreover, is unequal, for they press moat heavily upon the non-pro- pertied classes, It is astonishing to find a man professing such popular sympa- thies as Mr. GB'ANT does, and we believe with perfect sincerity, opposing direct taxation, and arguing against an impost which would reach property, and compel its owners to contribute a fair proportion towards the burdens of the state. All the arguments which, have been employed in favour of such a system of taxation by the highest au- thorities in Europe and America, apply with double force to this colony. It has been shown that the ordinary progress of society, both in Great Britain and the United States, tends to aug- ment the value of all real estate in those countries, so that the owners of it " grow richer, as it were, in their Bleep, "iwithout working, risking, or econo " mising." It is contended, therefore, and with great justice, that a direct im- post on property cannot bo regarded in the light of a tax at all, but is to be looked upon as " a rent charge in favour " of the public ; a portion of the rent re- served from the beginning by the " state, which has never belonged to " or formed part of the income of " the landlords." And a reform movement has sprung up in Eng- land, under influential leadership, with the avowed object, inter alia, of vindicating the right of the state to all the annual increment in value of the land within the realm, in so far as that increment is the result of social progress, and not of improvements effected at the cost of the owners. »Here the natural increment of the value of real estate is much more rapid than in older coun- tries, and the state, by its expendi- ture, is constantly enhancing the value of the land which has passed into private ownership. The Government, therefore, has all the stronger right to step in and compel property owners lo pay into the public coffers a percentage of the steadily increasing lejot or produce derivable from their houses and lands. "To this complexion" Mr. GRANT will discover that he and his colleagues must " come at last ." since he will discover that heavy customs duties will weigh oppressively on the spiings of industry, and that an exclu feive reliance upon indirect taxation will place labour at a great disadvantage, will increase the cost of production, and will exempt capital from its fair share of taxation. One of the most remarkable portions of the speech delivered by the Treasurer at Geelong on Wednesday last was that in which, by way of showing his im- mense superiority as a financier to all his predecessors in office, he alluded to the manner in which he had dealt with the money received on account of the North Eastern Kailway loan which was nego- tiated in the London market. Mr. BERRY whs quite justified in claiming whatever credit was due to him for the part he took in the matter, but it is im- possible to comprehend what could have induced him to make the monstrous misstatements in which he indulged Mitli regard to the way in which he alleged the M'Cullocli Administration had managed this matter of finance. ¡Mr. BEERY said, " See what they " Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH and Mr. FRANCIS, for it was to these two gentlemen he specially referred-" have done as mern "'bers of the Government. They bor " ¡rowed two millions of money in "¡London at 5 per cent., and they lent "¡it to the banks at 2 per cent. I may " mention in passing that when I found ".that was the case, 15 months ago, I " anade a Bpecial arrangement with, the " ¡banks by which they paid 4 per cent. "îov £1,200,000 of that sum of money, ".and by that simple transaction a saving " of £24,000 has been made for the coun " ¡try." Further on, after describing the manner in which he had obtained 4 per cent, from the banks, the Treasurer con- tinued-"That was the way I received 4 " per cent, for the money which would " otherwise have lain in the public " account at 2 per cent., and thereby " j-aved £24,000 for the country. Well, " you would think it was pretty well to " borrow two millions at 5 per cent, in " London and leave it for two years in "the hands of the banks here at 2 " ber cent. That was a good bit of " protection." By these remarks it is evident that Mr. BERRY wished to induce his hearers to believe that theM'Uulloch Administration which preceded the Mac- pherson Government, had placed two millions of the North-Eastern Railway loan in the hands of the associated banks at( 2 per cent. We do not wish, to accuse Mr. BEERY of having given utterance to a string of wilful false- hoods, but if he did not intend to deceive his hearers, he laboured under some mysterious hallucination, the cause of; ?rçhich it is useless to attempt to discover. What are the real facts of the case 1 Bfefoie the M'Culloch Administration resigned office, and were succeeded by the Macpherson Government, only £354,000 of the loan had been received, a great portion of which was at once spent in defraying liabilities chargeable to^it. The M'Culloch Administration re- signed on the 16th September, 1869, and itjwas not until the 18th March, 1870, when Mr. BEEBY himself was Treasurer, that the first large instalment of the loan, £1,200.000, was paid into the Victorian Treasury. Indeed, it was not until January, 1870, that £1,518,400 worth ofj the debentures were sold in London. Mr. BEERY afterwards made an arrangement with the banks, by which he was to receive 4 per cent, for the portion of the loan deposited with them, but tho arrangement was made in an irregular and ¿Ilegal manner, con trary to the advice of his own Attorney General, and in utter disregard of the protests of the audit commissioners. The money was so placed that it was under his sole control, and he was at liberty to do anything with it that he pleased. Neither Sir JAMES M'OUXLOOH nor Mr. FRANCIS had over an oppor- tunity of exercising any control over the fund until they returned to power, at the head of the Government which has just been displaced. What was their acfion then? Why, they secured the same interest as Mr. BERRY, 4 per cent., but they did it in a legal and constitu- tional manner. They brought the money into the public account, and placed it under the control of the audit commis- sioners. What Mr. BERRY did illegally they did legally. With regard to the deposits in the Post-office Savings Banks, Mr. BERRX is equally at fault. He says : "An act was passed by which post " office savings banks were established " and persons were encouraged to de " posit their money, and they were " guaranteed 4 per cent, interest on then ' money. The deposits reach now the " large sum of £300,000 or £400,000, " and it also has been passed into the " public account at 2 per cent, interest.' The facts are simply as follow :-On the 20th of June of the presenl year the post-office savings banks deposits amounted to £291,000. This sum was paid into the general trust fund, which includes one or two other accounts, and, so far from its lying al the banks at 2 per cent, £250,000 oi the aggregate balance were invested In public works loan debentures bearing 5 per cent, interest. It is unnecessary to,add one word to this exposure of Mr. BERRY. We leave him to face the diffi- culty, but if his finance is to be as reck less as his statements, there is a cheerful prospect in view for both the Govern ment and the country. The occasional detection of impostun practised upon charitable institution! has evoked the exercise of ingenuity te devise some method of circumventing the perpetrators. The persons who in case of sickness or accident resort to the public hospitals are not always driven te these harbours of refuge by want oi means. Many of them could defray the cost of medical advice or surgical skill quite as well as the average of sub scribers to the institutions patronised, It1 has been repeatedly discovered that some pretendedly-destitute inmate oi benevolent asylum or hospital is a depositor in the savings bank, a lender of money on mortgage, or has thriftily padded his garments with a comfortable lining of bank-notos. Some j ears ago a prudent resident of Sand- hurst constituted himself a life governor of the local benevolent asylum by the donation of ten pounds sterling. And he forthwith nominated himself for ad- mission, thus covering, on very easy terms, the cost of his own maintenance for the remaining term of lils natural life. The committee of the asylum were not formalists. Although the self nominating life governor had complied with all prescribed conditions, the asylum would not receive him, and he was forthwith relegated to the unwelcome task of working for hiß livelihood. Flagrant as was this bold piratical attempt, it possesses re deeming points when contrasted with the utter meanness of some of the experimentalists upon the credulity of¡ the managers of benevolent in- stitutions. If the truth were known, a ¡considerable proportion of the cases which burden our public charities arises from the thriftiness of persons who prac- tically rob the destitute by lessoning the ability of the defrauded institutions to afford relief in really deserving cases. ¡Amongst the remedies suggested is the appointment of inspectors, whoso duty it would be to ascertain by per- sonal investigation the actual condition in' Ufe of each pensioner upon the charity of the public. This would un- doubtedly be useful as part of a remedial measure, but of itself, perhaps, it would 'hardly effect the desired end. For, unfortunately, there is no process of law by which the managers of public institutions could recover from a patient or,inmate who had deceived them by a false profession of poverty the expense lojwhich he had subjected them. Some provision of the kind would be an acceptable addition to the Statute-book. But we think, independently of future legislation, that there is a method of protecting the public charities from im- position-a remedy at once withiu the control of those entrusted with their management, Why not demand from every applicant for admission, a formal assignment, conveying to ,tho trustees of the hospital or other institution, all property of which tlije applicant was at the time possessed 1 Inability to defray the cost of sickness being the ground upon which admission 'is ¡sought, it would not inflict any hard- ship upon the pauper to convey hi3 "emptiness 'to the trustees of the charity. But the deliberate cheat, who trades unon the benevolence of the public, would hesitate before signing a document which would strip him ?off his possessions, in case the exist enco oí sucü'Were subsequently detected. He would not readily risk the discovery ofj 1HB hidden deposit receipts or con- cealed title-deeds. The deterring effect of| such a condition preliminary to ad- mission would, we are confident, relieve he hospitals and other public institu- tions of a most unjust burden upon their resources. To make such a con- veyance of real and personal property 'egally binding would be a technical matter to be overcome by professional acumen: Once drawn, a printed form would suffice in all cases. In suggesting what seems to us a feasible method of checkmating impos- ture, it is desirable to consider the matter in> all its aspects. There are no doubt cases where hospital relief might with propriety be granted to persons of limited means not absolutely paupers. A ^workman falls from a scaffold, and the bread-winner being incapacitated, there is no money at home to fee the doctor or provide medicines. This is a fit' case for an hospital, and in such cir instances, upon a candid statement of its, the hospital authorities would pro ily waive the condition of the pre plnary assignment. In the case a, suggest, or any similar where ¡use was shown, the test proposed ied not be applied. Any hesitation i comply with such a regulation iiild, however, arouse suspicion, and |uçe inquiry as to the bona fides (the applicant. Our view is, not that ¡ritable institutions should, by the jsed process, endeavour to swell 'íunds, but that they should have opportunity, denied them now, of ßouping themselves for the expenses [burred in maintaining patients or mates who possess resources of their cn. Applicants who desired to evade I signature of the conveyance would | compelled to lay bare their circum ances explicitly to the managers of the Parities. Instead of each applicant |tling it with his own conscience aether he ought or ought not to farter himself upon a public [charity, ie task of deciding that would be |nsferred to the committee or trustees, tribunal more likely to be disinterested ?d impartial. Were a few windfalls Ôm the estates of propertied inmates to II into the hands of a charitable insti-, ítion, the community would be partially ilieved of what is now a serious burden. j is probable that the mere sug istion of our proposals to the pre mt inmates of the Benevolent Asy ims would speedily make room for cases i actual and urgent distress now ex- uded through the buildings being over iowded. The cases of fraud discovered :e probably but a small per centage of ¡e cases undetected. And yet the in ances of imposition are sufficiently amerous to excite public indignation id to demand some remedy. As will be seen from our telegrams, ia lotlier column, all the Ministers were yes rday declared to be duly elected by the re* irning officers of their several districts. The question of the appointment of an ttomey-General will not be considered until io return of all tho Ministers from the coun y. Mr. K, Walsh has not yet accepted the lice. An Executive Council will be held on Mon- ly next, and on Tuesday His Excellency the r>vernor will probably leave town for Mount ope, where he purposes remaining for a few »ys. Several rumours have been current as to the .rifleman who would be likely to succeed udge Cope, who has temporarily taken the lace of Judge Pohlman, at tho Melbourne ounty Court. Wo are in a position to say mt the Government do not contemplate the ppoiutment of any fresh judge. Thoy believe bat by a little arrangement the present staff ¡f judges can very easily get through the lork. From a Gazette notice in another column, t will be seen that the whole of the reserves mown as tho "zebra stripes" have been brown open for selection, the order making uch reserves having been revoked. His Excellency Governor Du Cane, and ho lion. Mrs. Du Cane, with Mr. C. M. L Ihichester, arrived yesterday, from Hobart Town, in tho T.SN. Co.'s s.s. Southern ¡ross. A post-office savings-bank will bo opened o day at Birregurra, and money-ordor offices rill be established at Cowes and Dromana. The following notice appears in yesterday's Uoveinmenl Gazelle :-" Kia Excellency the Bovernor, in Council, under the power con erred by the 3rd clause of the Volunteer Statute 186S, has been pleased, on the forma lon of the Naval Reserve, to discontinue the emees of tbo Williamstown and Sandridge íaval Corps. 2 His Excellency the Governor n Council, has been pleased to accept the ervices of a corps at Sandridge, under the esjgnation of the 'Sandridge Artillery,' to onsist of one-half the regulation strength of ther artillery corps, the date of formation to e the 20th February, 1871, and the effective ualification on 1st July next to include aembers enrolled up to the 1st May, 1871. , Such members of the Naval Corp3 as havo een enrolled in the Williamstown and the andridgo Artillery to retain the effective ualification obtained by them in their late orps on the 1st January, 1871. 4. Tho follow ng officers of the late Naval Corp3 are ap lointcd captains on the unattached list, viz,, F. Fowler, J. Stark." Ono hundred pounds reward is offered by ho Government for such information as will ead to the conviction of the person or persons rho on the 19th of June lost stole the mail lags from the mail coach between Stawell md Ararat. £25 reward will also be paid for ho detection and conviction of the person tho on the 4th of May last maliciously cut hree-parts through a windlass rope on the "ïonchman's claim, Stockyard-hill diggings. To-day, being Separation Day, will bo ob erved as, a holiday in all the law courts. , The close season for geese, emus, and swans ommences to day (the 1st inst ), and for ucka, quail, and other birds mentioned in he act, on the 1st of August. Things wore remarkably quiet yesterday mong racing men, scarcely a double- event et being booked in the morning. At night,, Varrior was in great request, and was «eked by his owner for a considerable mount at 100 to 8 for the Metropolitan, ütogether, he was backed to win about ¡1,600 at that price. A good deal of interest is exhibited in the ncet of the Flemington hounds this after mon at Heidelberg, when a kangaroo is to io turned down. This animal is said to be cmarleably swift, and able to run away from irdinary kangaroo dogs. The meet is fixed it half-past 2, instead of half-past 1 as itated. The first annual exhibition of tho Fitzroy \itisans School of Design took place at the fitzroy Court house last evening. The speci- mens of drawing shown, especially drawings rom models, were exceedingly well executed. " Hie school has had an average attendance of I IG pupils during the past year. The question as to the right of the City Corporation to stop building in Posley-streot, 'n Fawkner-park, was brought before the Supreme Court yesterday. A builder named Seamark, who was erecting two houses front tig the street, was summonod before the City Bench, and was ordered to find recognisances o remove tho houses within two months rhis order was made before the recent pro 'lamation by the Executive, proclaiming Pasley-streer, and therefore tho defendant ¡vas unable to take advantage of that circum ¡tance. But it is contended on his behalf that the magistrates had no jurisdiction to make the order, as the Building Act did not authorise the City Council to prevent build- ing. The Court granted a rnle nisi for a pro- hibition to restrain the justices at Melbourne from enforcing their order. The special case reserved at the trial of Joseph Henry Davies, for stealing gold from a claim at Newberry, was argued in the Supreme Court yesterday. The charge against him was for taking and concealing gold with the view to defraud George Haythorn, his co- adventurer. Haythorn held the claim under lease from the Crown, and made a contract with Davies to work the mine, all the gold to be deposited in a bank at Blackwood, and Davies to receive fortnightly a percentage out of the proceeds. The jury found him guilty, and he was sentenced to two years' hard labour, subject to the special case. It was contended on his behalf that he had committed no offence at all ; that the act only alluded to gold taken from a "claim," and that land held under a Crown lease was not a claim, as the act in other sections drew distinctions between claims, leased land, and mines on private property. It was also submitted for him that he was not a co- adventurer with Haythorn, and that the gold said to be stolen was not identified as having been taken from this mine. The Court re- served its decision. The prisoner was con- victed on the 22nd of April, and has been in gaol since, as he has been unable to find bail. The Ballarat and Geelong Railway contract has been very fruitful of litigation since its inception, and the last phase of it has been actions by Evans and Merry, the original contractors, against Messrs. Germain Nichol- son and A. Fraser, to recover the balance of £G00 agreed in March, 1866, to be paid to each of them out of moneys to ho receivod from the Government. After this agreement was made, Evans and Merry mortgaged their claim to Nicholson and Fraser to secure cer- tain advances, and make provisions for the disttibution of the money. It was contended for the plaintiffs that the defendants were not liable in the action, inasmuch as it was not shown that they had a.specific sum in their hands for the use of the plaintiffs, or that the trusts in the mortgage deed had ever been closed. The Court concurred with the defendants, and gave judgment for them, nonsuiting the plaintiffs. In the caso of Orofl v. Hunter, heard in the County Court yesterday, tho plaintiff, who was stated to bo a person used to handling horses, sued the defendant, a buyer of horses in Australia with the view of their shipment to India, for £149 damages for asevere assault. Thofacts of the case, according to the evidence, were that one day in December last a man in the employment of the defendant engaged the plaintiff at tho Sandridge pier to assist in putting horses on board a vessel. Mr. Hunter, however, at the close of the day de- clined to give his man wages for the plaintiff, saying he had not employed him, but he gave the man 3s. for the plaintiff as a kind of re- compense. Plaintiff afterwards met Mr. Hunter in Bourke-street west, near the horse yards, and asked for his wages, but Mr. Hunter declined to pay him, on which plain- tiff called him a swindling thief, or some words equivalent to that meaning. More words ensued, and Mr. Hunter struck the plaintiff, who roturned tho_blow. Several persons interfered to separate the two, but a blow was struck by each of them over some man's shoulders who was keeping them apart, and Mr. Hunter's blow severed the lachrymal duct of plaintiff's right eye, which necessi- tated his going to the hospital. It was said that Mr. Hunter had a diamond ring on at the time, and it was that which injured plaintiff's eye. At the time of the blow plaintiff was suffering from some ailment to his left eye, which was covered over with a screen or blind, and the blow to the right eye rendered him almost blind. He lost some threo or four months' work through not being able to see to do it properly, and incurred medical expenses amounting to £25 before tho lachrymal duct was joined together again Mr. Hunter was not present at the triaL it being stated that he had gone to Now Zealand to purchase horses. During the course of some observations which his Honour Judgo Pohlman made in giving his decision, he referred to the fact that in the quarrel Mr. Hunter was placed at an advantage over tho plaintiff in consequence of the latter having tho use of one eye only, and said that the men were not fairly matched. He considered the plaintiff was entitled to damages for the severe injury he had suffered, and gave him a verdict for £100. It is understood that the above case is the last which his Honour Judge Pohlman will hear in the County Court juris- diction prior to his removal to the Supreme Court during Sir William Stawell's absence. The task of fining up the census paper has been made the subject of many jokes, in which comical domestic differences bear a prominent part, bat an instance of a dispute in real life both ludicrous and serious ori- ginating during the filling up of the paper and ending in a permanent family disagree ment, came under the notice of the District Bench yesterday. During the hearing of the caso of Shaddock v. Shaddock, which has boen repeatedly before the Court, and in which the wife sues the husband for maintenance, it was stated by Mr. Faussett that though the parties had disagreed previously, they had become reconciled, and were living together when tho census paper arrived, and caused a fresh breach, which led to the present proceedings. Tho wife, he said, insisted that she should be put down in the "religion" column as a " Disciple of Jesus Christ," that being the denomination of a certain sect, but the hus- band replied that, judging from her temper, she ought tobo put down as a "disciple of the devil." Mr. Faussett mentioned also that the wife was the person who locked tho clerk of the court at Emerald-hill into his room because ho would not give her a summons on credit, and a solicitor present hinted that he rather inclined to thohusband's view of her religion. The case only came on for settlement yesterday, £G0O having been paid into bank by'the husband for the benefit of his wife and family, that amount being half of the money ho had realised by the sale of his property, and it was now to be decided how the £600 should be divided and invested. Mr, Duigan, for the wife, objected to the man .going away with his money, while the wife had to support herself and six children on £600. The Bench, consisting of Mr. Call, P.M., and Messrs, Wilton and O'Brien, J.P.'s, after consulting, decided, as there seemed no probability of a mutual agreement, that the wife should leave the house owned by the husband, and the defendant should pay 30s. a week for his wife's support, and £3 per week for the support of his children. He was to find two sureties in £75 each that he would pay the 30s., and two sureties in £150 each that he would pay tho £3. Mr. Duigan wanted the sureties increased, as otherwise the defendant might find the sureties and pay £234 (12 months' allowance at £410s. a week) into the bank to the credit of his sureties, who would pay the order for 12 months, while in the meantime he might leave the colony and never be heard of again. If he were not to be found in order to have tho order renewed at the expiration of 12 months, he would thus get rid of all his responsibility by paying one year's maintenance of his family. Mr. Call said the Bench might order sureties to the amount of £10,000 or £100,000, but were guided by common sense as to the amount, or the defendant might go to gaol rather than find such sureties, or he might appeal, and the other court might say the £4 10s. a week the defendant was ordered to pay was ridiculously exorbitant, as the wife might, if careful, save in the year half the allowance. It was usual for the Bench to guarantee 12 months' payment, if possible. Mr. Faussett said ho would appeal, and make use of the Bench's remark that the oider was ridiculously exorbitant; and Mr. Call told him he could appeal without threatening. The Bench agreed that the de- fendant Bhould bo allowed till Monday to find the sureties, the £600 remaining lodged in the bank as security for his not disappearing in the meantime. No moro v» as said about an appeal. Mr. Call remarked to the woman when questioning her that she would probably feel satisfied if she could be unmarried and given all her husband's property. The city corporation are not satisfied with Judge Poblman's decision that fish aro not provisions, and a marketable commodity within the meaning of the Markets Statute 1864\. Mr. Call, P.M., at tho District Court, some time ago, fined a fish hawker named Boardman £5 for selling fish within the city, but not within tlio markets established and appointed within the city by tho corporation, and the decision being appealed against Judge Pohlman at tho General Sessions de- cided as above, and reversed Mr. Call's verdict. The corporation yesterday summoned a fish hawker named John Freeman, for having on tbe 27th ult. sold fish in Qaeensberry-street, not in a market, dwelling, or shop, contrary to the 28th section of the Markets Statute, and Mr. F. Stephen stated that it was wished to have the question de- cided by the Supreme Court. The defendant stated that ho considered that after tha decision given by Judge Pohlman'he could sell fish anywhere without paying tho fees demanded by the market officers, and which bad to be paid-before that decision. It may bo remembered "that the hawkers considered the fees exorbitant. Mr. Bead, who was not concerned in the case, but happened to bo in court, remarked that in England fish wore considered perishable commodities, which could be hawked from door to door without the restrictions placed on other goods. Mr. Call said that but for the decision of the Court of General Sessions he would have considered that fish were provisions within tho meaning of the act ; but being ruled by that decision, he now decided thoy were not provisions, and dismissed the case. Mr. Stephen stated that the corporation felt ag- grieved, and Mr. Call consented to state a case for tho Supreme Court. The necessity for marino store dealers being licensed in the same way as pawnbrokers are is shown by the quantities of stolen property purchased by them, especially sheet load, brass fittings, and other things which can be taken out of tenantless houses. Two lads named Phillip Rice and Chas. White were charged at the City Court yesterday with stealing a large quantity of load which had been stripped from the roof of a house during the absence of the owner, who had removed. It was stated that a large 'quantity of stolen lead was known to bo on the premises of a marino store dealer in Hotham, and the case was postponed till Tuesday, ponding a search of the place by virtue of a warrant. A curious case, showing how dear a very cheap servant may prove, and indicating, apparently, some want of care on the part of the authorities at the Immigrants' Home, was brought under the notice of the City magis- trates yesterday. Sergeant Powtress stated that when going homo at about a quarter to 6 on Thursday evening he saw a woman named Mary M'Intyre, whom ho knew to be an old vagránt, carrying a child about l8 months old, which seemed perishing from cold and hunger. Knowing that the child, from its appearance, could not belong to the woman, he questioned her, She said that she did not know whose child it was ; that it had been given to her by a lady, but she did not know where that lady was, nor whero to find her. He went with her to the watchhouse, where he locked her up as a vagrant, while ho sent for hot milk and blankots for the child. Subsequently a Mrs. Lyon come to the -watchhouse, saw the child, and recognised it as hers. She had engaged the woman as a servant from the Immigrants' Home, and had entrusted the child to her. Tho sergeant added that the woman M'Intyre had been before the Court 10 times within the last three years as a vagrant and for drunkenness, and bad received several sentences, her last appearance having been within the last month on a charge of being drunk. In his opinion she was a harmless lunatic, who was not fit to have the caro of a child, and he thought she had really lost all recollection of the Dame and residence of her employer at the time ho met her. The evening was very cold and windy, and but for his accidentally noticing the woman she might have wandered about the streets through the night till the child died. He wondered at the Immigrants' Home authorities allowing her to go out as a servant. Mrs. Lyon, who had only recently come to live in Melbourne, at- tended the court, and said that the people at the Homo two days before had given the woman a good character, and said that she was quiet. When she did not return with the child Mrs. Lyon was advised by a friend to go to the watchhouse. Mr. Call, P.M., remarked that this case was one of the results of hiring out tho inmates of the Home at 2s. a day. The woman would bo no doubt re- admitted to the Home if released, and she was now discharged ; but the sergeant had acted very properly in the matter. A remarkable instance of self-poisoning oc- curred at Brighton on Wednesday. An engine fitter named John Bentick, about 25 years old, was to havo been married at 11 o'clock on that day, but a few minutes after tho ap- pointed time he approached the house, fell down at the door, and was found to be suffer- ing from the effects of strychnine. He told Mr. Casey, who was called, that ho had taken a small quantity-only a grain-of strychnine when coming from Melboumo to Brighton in the train, bnt appeared very anxious to re coyor, and seemed to regret extremely his rash act. He died in a couple of hours, though the stomach-pump and other remedies were used. He said he could not keep his promise, and apparently had wished to break off the marriage, but not to kill himself. He was not in good circumstances, but there seemed no other motive for a wish not to fulfil his engagement. There was no i evidence of insanity. Mr. Casey thought the young man muBt have taken more than a grain of the poison. At the in- quest on Thursday the jury found that de- ceased died from the effects of self-adminis- tered poison, but that there was not sufficient evidence to show whether he intended to destroy his life or not. The Carlton shopkeepers bavo beon plagued for some time past by two or three youths, who had made it a practice to watch until tho person in chargo was out of the shop for a moment, or busily engaged, when one of them would make a dash at the till, and escape with a handful of silver or coppers as the case might bo. Two little boys named Mack and Lennie were taken before tho City Court yes. terday, charged with stealing two purses from one shop and £2 from another, and a lad named Brown was charged with stealing 14s. Gd. from a third shop. Brown was sent to gaol for three months, Mack was sent to the training ship for four years, and Lennie was cautioned and sent home with his parents. About half-past 2 o'clock yesterday morn- ing the constable on duty inlnkermann-street, St. Kilda, had his attention drawn to a row taking place between two persons. As he was unable to ascertain from their statements which was in the right, he locked them both up, Tho parties wore brought beforo tho St. Kilda J?olice Court yesterday chaiged with creating a disturbance, when it appeared that ono was Mr. Thomas Milson, a wealthy minor from Sandhurst, and the other his servant, named John Brown. Mr. Milson at a very early hour in the morning had gone into tho stable, and found the horses not done up to his liking. He complained to Brown, when the latter at once challenged him to fight. In the scrimmage that ensued botb parties got into the street, when they woro pounced upon by tho constable and lodged in the watchhouse. The Bench fined thom each 10s., which was at once paid by Mr. Milson. A cab-driver, who went to sleep in his cab at the entrance to Prince's-bridgo on Thurs- day evening, at about 8 o'clock, without his cab lamp being lighted, pleaded, when takon before the City Bench yesterday, that he was not drunk at tho time in question, but only suffering from a cold. His namo was Alfred Bickell ; he was not of prepoEsessing appear- ance, and Mr. Call, P.M., remarked that a lower class of men was gradually taking the place of tho former cab-drivers in the city. It was stated-that a cabman at Richmond got drunk lately, find drove into the Yarro, and was drowned ; but Mr. Call said that did not much matter so long as there were no passengers in the cab. In tho present case tho police stated that as there were no lights in tho cab another vehicle coming over the bridge might have run into it, and a serious casualty might havo resulted. The man had, when wakened, attempted to light his lamps, bat was not steady enough. Ho was fined 20s. for being drunk while in charge of his horse and vehicle, and Inspector Rabat said ho would bring the man's conduct under the notice of the Hackney Carriago Committee. No little amusement was created in the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday by the eccentric behaviour of an old gentleman named Briant, who had summoned two young men, named Carmichael and Thorpe, for illegally detaining the property of his wife, whom he had married-as he confidentially assured tho Bench-only a month before. Tbe bride herself, a cheerful old lady of some GO summers, was put into tho box to give her version of the case, but no appeals or threats on the part of the Bench could induce Mr. Briant to keep quiet whilo she gave her evi- dence. He persisted in interjecting remarks, not always very pertinent to the question at issue, and in such stentorian tonos that ho could be heard nearly a quarter of a mile off. For some time the Bench good-hu mouredly put up with the nuisance, but at length their patience began to fail, and a committal for contempt was threatened in earnest. For some time this produced the desired effect, but the irascible old bridegroom could not be effectually put down, and it was not until his caso was dismissed, and he had marched off in high dudgeon, with his wife on his arm, that the Court was restored to its customary quietude. Complaints have been made for some time past to tbepoliceatSt. Kilda of tbo number of potty larcenies that have taken place in that neighbourhood. Of late the attention of the thieves seems to have been principally di- rected to the beehives, and a good many havo been robbed and the bees lost. The police have been making some inquiries, and have every prospect of bringing the offenders to justice. A shopkeeper in Swanston-streot named W. A. Hughes, having lost a tablecover worth 149\. Cd., made a small hole in a door which led out of the shop, and when in the inner room on Thursday, hearing a stop, looked through the hole, and saw a woman named Mary Johnson, well-known as a thief, de- liberately take another tablecover, worth 10s., put it under her cloak and walk out, He followed her. She gave him the cloth, and he then said she must havo takon tbo other one. She asked how much it was, and gave him the price-14s. 6d.-but he gave hor in charge for steal- ing the two,' and handed the money over to the constable. The city magistrates sent her to gaol for six months yesterday, the only defence being that she was drunk, Hughes wanted back the Us., but the Bench would not make an order, as the woman might have paid the money in order to be allowed to escape, and there was no evidence that she had taken the first cover. Ho was welcome to the money, however, if the prisoner wished to ease her conscience by givingit to him. A fatal accident happened at Coburg yester- day morninc, between 10 and 11 o'clock, to a person named John M'Conochie, aged 62, who resides at No. 20 Gertrude-street, Colling- wood. He was proceeding on horseback to Avenel, being, as we are informed, in the employ of Messrs. Styles, Murrey, and Co., contractors for the North-Eastern Railway. It appears, on nearing tho Golden Floece Hotel, Coburg, ho stopped to give his horso a drink, but did not get off himself, and on going away the horse became restive. Ho had got but a very short distance from the place when he was thrown, and dragged about six or seven yards. Assistance was immediately rendered the unfortunate man by several of the inhabitants, and a medical man was sent for, but it was too plain to all present, from the frightful gash in the back of his head, and the blood oozing from his cars, that medical aid would be of little avail Ho was removed to the Volunteer Arms Hotel, whero ho gradually sank, and died between 6 and 7 p.m. He leaves a wife and three children. The wife, who was sent for, stated that her son had been thrown from the same horse in the morning, and removed to the hospital in a dangerous state. A man was suffocated in a beer vat at the Carlton Brewery yesterday evening. His name was Daniel D. Manning, and he was lighting the gas over a vat, about 12 feet deep, con. taining about 4 feet depth of beer, when he lost his balance and fell in. Two other work- men, who heard his cries, went to the spot at once and got him out, but he was quite dead by that time. When he fell he was standing on a place elevated about two foot above the vat, and the gas or foul air arising from the liquor in the vat was so intense that a light held above it would be extinguished, and no person could breathe the fumes more than a few seconds. The deceased was a married man, and his wife lives at the Victoria Royal park (late Butchers' Arms) Hotel, near the Royal-park. A fatal accident happened at about G o'clock last evening, at the Queen's Wharf. A man named Robert Gouldby, aged ¡57 years, living at Emerald-hill, fell from the ship Southern Cross, and was drowned. Tho body was recovered and taken to the hospital where an inquest will bo held. ' A man named Walter Dicker, aged l8, living in Johnston-street, East Collingwood, was admitted to the hospital yesterday suffer- ing from injuries to tho stomach. He was employed at the Victorian Railway, and was walking in the now sheds, when his foot caught in one of the joists, and he fell across another joist, and thus received the injury. Wm. Hudgell, aged 15 years, living in Alma street, Fitzroy, was also admitted suffering from injuries to the arm and head, caused by his being thrown from a horse. A little boy named Henry Neilson, living in Dow-street, Sandridge, with his parents, on Tuesday evening reported to the local police that when crossing the footbridge over the lagoon, opposito Bridge-street, Sandridge, he picked up a wooden match box containing a piece of white paper, which he produced, with the following words written on it in poncil, in apparently a male baud: "I have committed suicide by drowning myself in the lagoon." It was signed with the initials "F. J." The police examined the place indicated that night, and dragged a portion of the lagoon in tho morning, but -without finding any trace of tho supposed suicide. No one has been missed from Sand- ridge as far as the police could ascertain. A meeting of the Victoriau Tract Distribu- tion Society was held last night, at tho Inde- pendent Church, Oxford-street, Collingwood. Dr. Singleton presided, and about 50 persons wero in attendance. Mr. Cooke, tho secretaiy of the society, read an account of its proceed- ings during the past year, from which it ap- peared that the committee of the society commenced its work in Collingwood and Fitzroy in September, 1870, whon about GO members of various churches began volun- tarily delivering tracts, which wero made up together, so as to form a book of some GO or 70 pages, and left weekly in that shape at the different houses in tho two boroughs. From Collingwood and Fitzroy, the work extended to Carlton, West Melbourne, Rich- mond, Brighton, &c; and tracts had also been sent to the intercolonial steamers and to the various cbaritablo institutions in and around Melbourne. With regard to the future, the treasurer's report showed that the society was upwards of £30 in debt, and that they would require about £150 to sustain the work they were at present carrying on. It was also shown by the report that since the society commenced, £84 11s. had been re ceived as contributions, and £111 15s. 9d. had been expended, leaving a balance against the society of £27 4s, 0d. The meeting was then addressed by the Revs. D. S. M'Eachran, J. Watsford, J. Woods, and other speakers, and from their remarks, it appeared that the society had so far been successful in pro- secuting the work for which it was formed. As an indication of tho success which has attended the autumn series of lectures in connexion with the Industrial and Techno- logical Museum, it may be stated that the gross attendance at the eleven lectures was nearly 3,000 persons ; and the average at- tendance exceeded that of the former series by 60 persons per leoture. As free tickots were at tho disposal of all who chose to apply for them, it was not to bo expected that the receipts would be large, but they amounted to £22. Visitors to the Emerald-hill Exhibition last night wero delighted with the performances of tho inmates of the Blind Asylum-tho duets, solos, and organ recitals were of a high order of merit, and much sympathy was evoked in favour of that institution. Many new exhibits have been sent in, and the mode* municipality may bo congratulated on having a source of attraction of a very suporior character in the Industrial and Art Exhibition now open. The Gisborne Annual Ploughing Match carno off yesterday, in a field of good choco lato soil, on the farm of Messrs. J. and J. Sheedy, near the township of Gisborne. Thirty competitors, including four in the doublo plough class, were present, and under the conduct of Mr. H. R. Dixon, the bon. secretary, the business of tho day was brought to a pleasant conclusion. A report of tho proceedings is given elsowhere. The llth annual meeting of the Victorian Seamen's Mission was held last ovening, at the Town-hall, the mayor of Melboumo in the chair. The report of the committeo was of a satisfactory character. The balance sheet, however, showed a deficit of about £25. Appropriate addresses were delivered by a number of clergymen and gentlemen inte rested in and connected with the mission. The attendance was not very numerous, but it was noticeable that thoro wore a good many sailors amongst the audience. From the manifest of the s.s. Dandonong, for Sydney, we observe that Messrs. John M'Kay and Co., coppersmiths, 59 Queen street, have shipped two sets of stills and distilling apparatus for re shipment there by tho A.S.N. Co.'ass. City of Adelaide, for Fiji. The stills havo been ordered by the Fiji Planting and Trading Company, of Ballarat The company intend *e largely distill essences and perfumes from the large quantity of splendid flowers they have on their plantations. Their manager, Mr. E. M. Myer, proceeded along with the stills, and will see to their proper erection. A curious case was heard at Geelong yester- day before the police magistrate, Mr. Panton. Hannah Barfield was charged with lunacy. From the evidence given hy Mounted constable Davidson, of Shelford, it seemed that the woman had been living on the run of Mr. George Russell, at Golf-hill, for more than a year, and that the hut was wanted for a store. As Barfield would not leave, Mr. RUBSCH gave a magisterial certificate as to her insanity, and then signed a warrant for her ap- prehension and removal to Geelong. Davidson stated further that tho woman got her living by grubbing thistles, and other odd jobs. She was eccentric, and had come there from the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. Barfield requested leave to speak, and addressed the Bonch clearly and forcibly for some time. She stated that she had formerly been a governess in the family. She had sinco lived at Hamilton, where becoming ill, she went to Ararat for medical treatment, but not for lunacy. She said Mr. Russell had owed her £0 10$. for some years, which sho could not get, and that this charge had been made to get her off the property, From the calm, collected and appropriate manner in which she detailed her case, the Bench wero impressed with tho groundlessness of the charge, and dismissed tho case. Mr, Panton also expressed his sur- prise that a warrant should have been issued under such circumstances, or that the con- stable should havo acted upon it, and he warned the latter to be more careful in the future. Yesterday two accomplished thieves, who are well known .to tho police at Melbourne, wero charged nt Geelong with stealing from tills. This time, upon their arrest, thoy had given the names of Hopkins and Jones, They were each sentonced to two years' hard labour as rogues and vagabonds, and Hopkins got three months' additional for assaulting a constable when he was being conveyed to prison. In reference to a paragraph which appeared in this paper of the 17th ult., relative to the establishment of the Sydney Academy of Art, we have been requested by Mr. E. L. Montefiore to state that the credit of starting tho institution is duo solely to Mr. Edward Reeve, the honorary secretary, a gontleman connected with the press in the sister colony, and curator of the University Museum, and that the success which has attended the movement is in great measure owing to his indefatigable energy and zeal. Wo are also requested to state that 70 members wore to be considered as the basis of the academy, but that tho number is not to be limited to that About 130 have beon already enrolled, The Ballarat Courier has been shown a "telegram which was received from tho assistant surveyor-goneral on Wednesday by Mr. Morres, with roferonco to the reserves proclaimed open for selection by Mr. Grant's advertisement. It seoms the only reserves opened by this order aro thoso known as the 'zebra stripes,'and thereforo tho order does not include any timber reserves, or reserves gnzetted for any special purpose. The reserves in this district which are now thrown open for selection aro those in the parishes of Mortchup, Clarksdale, and in the neighbour- hood of Beaufort. The Ross's Crook timber reserve will be open for selection on the'14th July, and a timber reservo in the parish of Buninyong will also be thrown opon on the same day." A meeting of the council of the Acclimati- sation Society was held yesterday, at their offico, 30 Swanston-street ; present-Dr. Black (president), Mr. Venables, Dr. Joseph Black, Mr. Hammond, Dr. Pugh, and Mr, Moule. Valuable and interesting reports were received from the Department of Agri- culture of the United States .and the Smith- sonian Institute of Washington. Applications for sparrows wero received from Sydney, Murrundi, Queensland, and Now Zealand ; also applications for minahs. A lettor from Dr. Bleasdale to the president was road on the subject of tho bumble-beo. It was ro. solved, if possible, to attempt the introduc- tion of this most usoful insect. Tho usual monthly meeting of the com- mittee o'f the Sooiety for the Promotion of Morality was held in the Assembly-hall, Collins-street, on Thursday aftornoon. There were present-Mr. Cooke (in the chair), the Revs, Messrs. Bickford, Mackio, Mirams, Isaacson, Main, ' Wilkinson, and Edwards, Messrs. Jennings, Budd, Hodgson, and Guil- laume, and Drs. Cutts, Molloy, and Single, ton. The sub committee's report on tho "Prevention of cruelty to animals " was brought up hy tho Rev. Jos. Mirams, and a resolution to hold a publio mooting in con- nexion with thiB subjoct on Tuosday, the 4th of July, in tho Mechanics' Instituto, was adopted. Dr. Singleton submitted the report of the sub-committee of tho "Home for Fallen Women." A suitable houso has been obtained, which has boen furnished. Four women have been admitted, one only of whom is now in tho institution. Good ac- counts wero given of the others, one having beon a young woman rescued from a house of ill-fame, and now placed in a respectablo family. Mr. Greig tendered his resignation as secretary, which was reluctantly accepted the committee recording its cordial.thanks for his past services. The Rev. Jas. Mirams was unanimously voted to tho vacant office, which ho consented to occupy. Tho Rev. Mr. ¡Isaacson urged upon the comraitteo the necessity of speedily making arrangements for the holding of a midnight tea-meeting for fallen women, and a motion empowering the Reformatory Committee to toke action in the matter was adopted. An important discovery of tia oro in Now South Wales is reported by the Sydney Morn- ing Herald:-"A largo deposit of tin ore, of extremo richness, has been found in the northern district, near Invorell. A bag of it has been received here, and some of tho ore, smelted by a rude process, has yielded over 70 percent, of tin, with a slight admixture of bilverand some traces of gold. The metal has been pronounced to bo of the finest quality, and as it is said that there aro immense quantities of ore whero the other carno from, it is! hoped that ero long tin will bo added to the metalliferous exports of the colony. A large extent of gronnd about the mino has been leased from the Government by Mossrs. Brown, Austin, and Barron, who intend working it without tho formation of a public company." Mr. Cotterell, tho well-known delineator of character, and his agent, Mr. Smytho, re- turned to Melbourno yesterday, after a most successful tour through Tasmania. A number of football matches are ap- pointed for this afternoon. Fifteon of the Molbourno Club aro to play twenty of the Ballarat clubs, at Ballarat. The following represent tho Molbourno Club :-H. C. Har- rison (captain), J. Byrno, Bennie, Barker, C. Carr, Tom. Colles, Duff, Dowling, Finlay, C. Forrester, Jno. Forrester, W. F. Freoman, Hepburn, Loughnan, Thomas ; omorgoncy, Ii. Carr, Goldsmith ; umpire, Mr. L, W. Boll. The following aro the other matches to be plojed this afternoon :-Richmond v. East Melbourne, in the Richmond- paddock. The Richmond twenty will be-Black, G. Bruce, Binney, Blair, Bisgrove, Compton, Ewing, Field, Hyde, Haldane, Jenkinson, Jer- rems, Kendall, W. M'Cutchan, Osborne, Reovos, Sumner, Tout, Tilley (captain), Thielie. Emergency-J. M'Cutchan, McKen- zie, Parker, and Wrigley. The Carlton United and Southern clubs moot in Fawknor-park at 2,45 p.m. Tho Carlton team (who are to assemble at tho Town-hall at 2.16 Bharp) will be chosen from Mossrs. Bennett, Cadden, Casement, Carter, Dillon, Ellis, Fuhrhop, Green, Hayman, Iddles,' Kemp, Lupton, Nathan, Newing (two), Oswald, Pago, Rogers, Sullivan, Taylor, Templeton, Trudgen, Usher, Wilson, and Woolf. The second twenties of the Albert-park and Carl ton football clubs meet on the Albert- park ground, play to commence at half-past 2 sharp. The Carlton team assomble at the Post-office, at 2 p.m. They will bo selected from Messrs. Aram, Brearley, Brisbane, Browning, Crockett, Gavin, Dobson, Fullarton, Gill, man, Healey, Hassott, Johnson, Konnedy M'Gibbon, C. M'Farland, Murphy, Muir¡ Power, Pattison, Roilly, Ryan, Sharp, Taylor, and Wills. The first twonty of the Calton Club will play a practice match in the Royal-park. A pedestrian match has been arranged be- tween Higgins, tho well-known runner, and a native blackfellow from Maneroo, named Harry Bratcho, to run 160 yards, for foo a-side. The deposit has been mado, and the match is fixed to come off within a month from this date. ThoiSV. Kilda Advertiser writes an indig- nant article on the following subjeot :-" The peace of Gardiner and St. Kilda was some little time ago disturbed hy the ¿ranks of " " a ghost'-which, to divest of anything super- natural or frightful, wo may say turned out to bo a big boy, or young man, who had acquired more agility on stilts than sense in his brains, and thus showed his idea of humour just as another idiot-afc-largo did in England somo years since, under the name of ' Spring-heeled Jack,'until a porson 'waited-forbim,' and poppored him soraowhat warmly. Tho young practical humourist to whom our remarks apply has we know escaped a loaden visitation, but has fallen into tho hands of the Philistines in blue, anil, moreover, ho was dealt with privately by a certain moßistrate. We have sought for information -merely in corroboration-as we know tho young gentleman, whose surname initial is C. Wo know that he was in custody, but wo havo been unable to gain any information from the police. The matter, howevor, cannot ond here. A young porson must not disturb a whole neighbourhood, and frighten our wives and children for a time, and, when discovered and apprehended, bo, by reason of influences of somo kind, dealt with in a hugger-mugger manner. We ropoat, the thing must not be hushed up-thoro has been too much hushing-up from time to timo. Failing in procuring the information which will ! elucidate the matter, wo shall take .tho necessary steps to compel, not only in this instance, but in the futuro, tho paid ser- vants of tho public to afford us such in- formation as it may be advisable and proper that the public should bo possessod of. Wo, representing a portion of the' community and a large portion, too-bog most respectfully to inform the police, from Captain Standish downwards, that wo mean to haye an answer to these queries, and that at an early date." If this does not subdue tho Chief.Commis sionor,. and tho police force gonorally, what will? "From Rockhampton it is reported," says tho Brisbane correspondent of tho Sydney Morning Herald, " that the northern petition for separation has been referred by tho Home Government to tho Acting-Govornor for re- port. Downing- street has been prompt enough in this instanco, for the petition was only sent home by the mail which reached London in March-an agreeable contrast to the tardiness with which the.Moreton Bay memorials of former years wore trqated. Lord Normanby, will, I presume, havo to prepare the report for tho Colonial Offico, and the task will not be tho least arduous or most enviable that ho will have to perform during his gubernatorial career in Queensland." The new programme was oxtromely well received last night at St. Georgo's-hall, Mr. Gordon's singing being greatly applauded. "La Sonnambula," with its laughable min. glint; of operatic airs and nigger songs, is still rotained. The last scene, with tho torrific accident on tho bridge, is very sensational Tho burlesque is very well put on the stage, and is one of the best travesties porformed by the coloured troupe. There was an excellent attendance at tho Theatre Royal last night, when Mr. G. R. Ire- land took his benefit. The pieces solocted wero the Irish drama "Peep o' Day," in which Messrs. Ireland and Howe wero called before the curtain, and thepleasing comedy "Check- mate." Between the pieces Mr. Iroland re- cited "The Maniac," at the conclusion of which, in answer to a general call, Mr. Iro- land came forward and briefly thanked the audience for tho patronage awarded him. The annual meeting of tho Old Colonists' Association will bo held to-day, al 11 o'clock. In the evening, tho anniversary festival will take placo at the Melbourne Town-hall, when Mr. G. W. Rusden will give ' ' Reminiscences of Port Phillip," Mr. Coppin will sing " Villikins and his Dinah," and Mr. Rogers will recito " Tho Sevon Ac¡es of Man." Thero will also be a concert. The entertainment is under the patronage of Viscount Canterbury,-and is open to the general public as well as to mem- bers of the association. Thoro will bo the usual pigeon-shooting at Croxton-park this afternoon, when there will bo sevoral sweeps shot off. During tho week ending the 24th Juno, 1871, there wore registered in the metro- politan and suburban districts, 117 births and 65 deaths. All the districts aro reported on.favourably in regard to mortality, not withstanding the great provalence of coughs and colds. 'We havo received a copy of the first num- ber of tho Australian Israelite. It is very well got up, and will no doubt prove interest- ing to the Jewish. portion of tho com- munity. , ' Mr. Mackay, of CollinB-street west, has forwarded us a copy of Collins è Educational Reqister for 1871, containing lists of tho universities and other principal educational institutions in Great Britain. Special services will bo held to-morrow in. the Presbyterian Church, North Molbourne, it being the tenth anniversary of tho Rev. A. D. Kininmont's induction to his charge. He will officiate in tho morning, and tho Rev. H. Darling in tho evening. A requiem high mass will be celebrated to- day, at llo'clock, in St. Francis's Church, for the Rev. Eugene O'connell, lato pastor of Bacchus Marsh. Tho remains of the dccoasod clergyman, which wero brought; to town early yeatorday morning, will bo convoyed to the new mortuary chapel in the General Ceme- tery immediately altor the mass at St. Francis'. Tho usual weekly meeting of the committee of management of tho Immigrants' Aid Society's Home for tho Houseless and Desti- tute was held at tho Home, on Friday present : Messrs. Oliphant, Griffiths, Prince, Curtain, and Sayce, who took tho ohoir. Tho superintendent made the following report :-Remaining last week, 435 in- mates ; admitted sinco, 319 ; discharged, 319 ; died. Hugh M'Dermott, aged 44 years, native of Scotland, cause of death, abscess of liver; remaining, 434 inmates-comprising 238 men, 92 women, and 84 children. Last year, at tho samo date, ibero wero 275 men, EO worn on, and 70 chil- dren. Of the men, 103 aro infirm or nick, 12 employed stonebreakinç, 38 are working out tide, and 113 oakum-picking, &o.; Of the women, l8 are infirm or sick, 3 ore at needle- work, 3 working outside, 8 employed in the laundry, and CO hair-toasing. &c.; In out-door relief, 24 families, or 108 persons, received provisions on presenting the reliof-cards of the society. 