THE MASYNBERG MYSTERY. It had long1 been tlie settled opinion of the good folks of Fernley that Masynberg was haunted, because at all hours of the night a figure clad in shadowy white had been seen hovering around the house, and some went so jar as to declare that they had seen it in the day time looking out from one of the windows that faced the street. That it was the ghost of some one who had been foully dealt with was plain, and yet a more gentlemanly man than Mr. Merton was never met with. He lived at Masynberg alone, and none visited it. It was a cold cheer less place, and no one could understand why he could rest there with a ghost. Possibly he was unaware of the fears and supposition of the people, because he never mentioned any nocturnal dis turbance in the shape of a white spectre. Only a few months before the spectre first appeared the son of old Farmer Proutts had met with his death at Masynberg. Mr. Merton said he had fallen accidently down the stairs; but Mr. Proutts affirmed that he had been pushed down purposely. At the inquest the evidence, principally based upon the statements of a former housekeeper, seemed to point to the supposition that young Proutts had been thrown over the stairs intentionally ; but as her i statement was doubted, the jury gave Mr. Merton the benefit of it, and re turned a verdict of " accidental death." Before this Mr. Merton was about to be married to Miss Proutts, but of course tuis occurrence put an end to it. The farmer declined to allow Mr. I Merton to come to the house, and also refused to allow his daughter to go to Masynberg; but she did not heed these warnings. She loved Mr. Merton with a love too deep to be affected by a mere supposition, and thus every night after the family had retired to rest she stole out of the house to enjoy a clandestine meeting with him, and it was her walking on the balcony or roaming about the garden that led to the idea of a ghost. Fortunately for her, no one suspected that she was the cause of the alarm of the people. She had never been missed from her home, and there fore her parents supposed that she had forgotten him whom they branded as the murderer of their son. It was a clear moonlight night, such as lovers" delight to select as a fitting opportunity for a ramble, or when sitting upon some moss-grown bank, watching the reflection of the moon in the clear placid waters beneath their; feet, they can while away the time bv j that small talk which is proverbial to lovers, and which possesses no interest to strangers-on such a night as this Mr. Merton and Clara Proutts were walking arm in arm among the large trees which in hot weather threw a de lightful shade across the wide serpen tine paths of the pleasure-grounds of Masynberg. What a beautiful night it is, Charles," Clara exclaimed; "so de lightfully calm and peaceful/'. "I hope it is an earnest of our future," he replied. u I trust that we, having weathered the storms that have assailed us, shall also be as calm and peaceful as this night is." "But when, Charles?" she asked, with a deep sigh. " Not long hence, I hope," he an swered, cheerfully. "You will soon be old enough to be your own mistress, and what can then prevent us being united for life ?" ee Nothing, unless it be a desire to follow as far as practicable the wishes of my parents. You know that they would never give their consent to our marriage. Indeed, did they suppose that I ever spoke to you, the result would be something to be avoided." " I know that, my love; but they have judged me wrongly-harshly. God in heaven knows that I was no more the author of your brother's death than you are. True, we quarrelled, and I said things that I had better left ?unsaid; still, the fall over the stairs was the result of his own folly. I tried to save him, and strained my arm in the attempt" " " You know, Charles, that I never believed you to be guilty. I have ever defended you." " All the evidence against me was based upon the remarks of that former young housekeeper of mine; but for what reason she could stand up and tell the jury such falsehoods as she un blushingly told before them, I cannot divine." " Possibly it was jealousy," Clara said, laughingly. " It may have been ; but had her evidence been relied on, I might have been hung for murder, or at least im prisoned for a lengthy period for man slaughter." " Perhaps something will turn up to contradict her statement, and rescue you from the unjust suspicions of mv father. Very few else believe you to be guilty," " I do not know what can turn up, unless she comes forward and confesses her crime; and she is not likely to do so, as she would be liable to be charged for perjury and 8ent to jail for a few months." " Whatever her object in defaming] you might have been," Clara said, " it I is quite evident that to accomplish it f she felt inclined to risk imprisonment for perjury." As the usual hour for separation had now arrived, they walked towards her home, talking as they did upon various things, and as they do not concern this story, you wiil "thank me not to repeat them here. Months rapidly rolled on. Clara had attained her majority, and the day was celebrated by an unusual festivity. A banquet and bail took place, wealth j and fashion congregated to congratu late her - but despite all the attractions, she was not happy, but she wisely con cealed from her parents anything likely to make them suppose that she was not satisfied. She laughed and joked at the banquet; she danced till she was tired at the ball, and entered into every amusement with apparently good spirit. But notwithstanding that | she outwardly displayed no lack of in- j terest in the evening's performances, she was miserable; first, because Mr. Merton, her first and only love, was not present to enjoy the festivities; and secondly, because, on account of 1 the late hour at which the company | separated, she would be unable to en oy her nightly promenade with him. But from that da}' forth Mr. Merton was continually pressing her to marry him; but she as often put it off. She J did not wish to disobey her parents, because she really loved them, andi they equally loved her. She was their only daughter, and now that her brother was killed, their only child, and therefore she lingered before taking a step which she knew would hurt their feelings; and thus the weeks passed into months, and Clara and Mr. Merton seemed to be as far as ever from being married. I Happily for them, an incident oc curred which satisfactorily settled everything, and ultimately consum mated their pleasure. The housekeeper whose evidence before the coroner had jroduced such a marked effect upon the jereaved parents, and would have affected the verdict of the jury had not Mr. Merton occupied the position he did, had returned to Fernley, and lay dying. All hope had been given up and she confessed that she had falsely I accused Mr. Merton of a crime that he was innocent of. No sooner had Mr. j Proutts heard that she had confessed than he hurried to her bedside to hear what she had to say. "Then you now deny what vou affirmed before the coroner?" Mr. Proutts asked. I do," she replied, in a tone! scarcely audible, " and regret that I was foolish enough to charge Mr. Merton with intentionally injuring " Can you remember enough of the facts of the case to state how the acci dent occurred ?" the farmer enquired. " Yes, I remember them as though they occurred but yestertay. Mr. Merton and your son Jjad a severe quarrel about something, and when they came out of his room your son was very excited, and called Mr. Mer ton a confounded liar," and raised his hand to strike liim, but in doing so1 his foot cauglit in the carpet, and he fell over the stairs. Mr. Merton tried to save him, and hurt his arm." " Here she fell back exhausted-the effort was too much for her. Mr. Proutt was about to ask her reasons for inventing the story she told the coroner, but deferred it for a more suitable opportunity; but that oppor tunity never came, because before the sun sank below the western hills of Fernley she was dead, and her reasons died with her. Need I linger on the sequel ? Need I say that the farmer was convinced of Mr. Merton's innocence, and sought his forgiveness for his harsh conduct ? Need I detail the mutual reconcilia tions which followed the dying wo man'i confessions. I think not. All these things are far easier conceived than described. Of course, Clara and Mr. Merton were married. It was a grand affair, I can assure you. It as completely eclipsed the birthday party as the light of the sun at midday eclipses the pale light of the moon. Never had Masynberg been so gor geously illuminated before. Every thing that money could procure was purchased. Surely if any ghost had ever haunted those long unused cham bers, he was that night exorcised at all events. The Masynberg mystery was never afterwards heard of-the whole aspect of the place was changed. The shout of merry laughter often echoed through its corridors, and the business and bustle of the place which fol lowed the marriage formed a pleasant contrast to the dull monotony which existed in by-gone days. ETOILE. 