DEATH OF A COMRADE " AT SEA. Tne centle breeze had sank to rest With a faeit expiring sigh, And Ingtand's flog drooped motionless Upon the mast-half-hlgh I The ship rode like n living thing On the glittering, heaving sea, While rippling wavelets round the hull Sang their low lullaby. The sinking sun long shadows cast Athwart the foam her tapering masts. This vessel held within her denks Five hundred sonls or more All soldiers, tried on many a field, 'Mod war's terrifi roarl And those wore going once again To front old England's foes, And bravely vindicate her right, Or perish in her cause. To India they had bid farewell, Trusting the Maori fray to quell. But now a deathlike stillness reigned Throughout the crowded shipi Many.a brave heart heaved a sigh, And quivered many a lip: For a cheerful, gallant comrado (Some far-off mother's pride) Had siokened, fretted, pined away Hod faded, drooped, and diodl Ills comrades whisper 'noath their breath In presence of the loeman death. Formed up, as if upon parade, The grieving veterans stand I While some the lifeless body bear Slowly through the hand. No coffin waits the soldier's corpse, Nor rohes, nor (lowers fair Shall fall from gentle loving hands Upon his humble bier. The valiant spirit nends them not, 'Tie but the clay that ye Will read the burial service o'er And cast into the sea. His soul's in heavenl Why mourn ye, men? .Prepare yeo the cold hed. This soulless mortal claims of you Tho onfice of the dead. Fate hath denied his earthly form A fearless soldier's grave, But given it a glorious one Beneath the bounding wave, Where neither storms nor thunders deep Can rouse him from his lasting sloop. The sea's a famous burial-plocel For there stern heroes rest Who have lived and battled their brief hour Upon its mighty crest. There sleep braveo Nulson's hero.men, Who in Trafalgar's fight Gave up the ghost 'mid victory And nank to endless night, Until the last great trump shall.pread To call them from their emerald bad. The old ship's bell has ceased to toll The prayer for the dead Has upward gone-the corpse is borne Toward the gangway-head. A moment's pauseo-a sudden plunge, Then all is silent. save A "still small voice" that ever sings A requiem o'er the brave. So sleep thee, comrade, at rest, Pillowed eo some mermaid's breast. Police-station, Binds, Aug. 1. 