THE HUMBUG- SCRUB DIGGINGS. On Monday last we paid a visit to the new discovery in the Humbug Scrub. About four miles from the head of Spike* Gullv, and less than three from th crossing place on the river, we came t " Hamlin's," finding a tolerably good, though hilly road, all the way. On arriving at our destination we noticed some old workings, and saw from 15 to 20 men on the ground. Several claims had been marked out, and disputes had already arisen. The diggers were very shy of showing their gold, and some whom we learned had been the most successful, after a great deal of persuasion shewed us a small quantity of rough, reefy gold in a bottle, probably less than half an ounce, which we believe was got that day. Mr. Goddard admitted having done a good week's work the previous week, and by watching the diggers wash the stuff we could see that the ground was payable. There were three distinct and separate patches, from each of which large returns (in proportion to their size) had been obtained, (xoddard's first rich patch had yielded over four onces of gold, besides specimens ; front a second patch about 25 or 30 yards higher up the hill nearly aai equal quantity was taken; a third patch on Costello & Co.'s reef claim had,fproduced similar results. A dispute arose between the parties working oh Costello's claim, and his party, as the latter having a reef claim, considered that under the new regulations, alluvial diggers had no right to come until they had commenced their shaft or struck the reef. There is no doubt the interlopers have done a good stroke. We were informed by others who had watched their pro ceedings, that in a week they had got out above £15 worth of gold and specimens, and were believed to have hit on the richest patch of the three. They com menced work by candlelight at 3 o'clock on Monday morning, and this would indicate they had got something good Notwithstanding this there seemed general want of energy, except amongst a few. The number of lookers on was about equal to that of the workers. We are obliged to curtail our remarks, but in conclusion may state that there seems plenty of ground likely enough to prove equally rich with what has been opened The nuggetty gold is thought to come from the reefs, hut there is evidently a great deal of fine gold to be washed out of the soil, from the surface downwards. We beg to refer for further particulars to our correspondent's letter in another column. ACCIDENT TO THE TRAIN.—On Tuesday morning, as the first train from Adelaide to Gawler was nearing the Salisbury station one of the steam tubes of the engine burst, and the train was unable to proceed until another locomotive was sent from Gawler to fetch it up. A delay of about an hour took place in its arrival at Gawler. Da. POPHAM.—We regret to learn that very littlo improvement has taken place in Dr. Popham's health since last week. Drs. Lewis and Nott are now in daily attendance on him. DIVISION OF NUBIOOTPA DISTRICT.—We are informed that a petition to the Government, and bearing nearly 300 signatures, praying for the division of the District of Nuriootpa, has been forwarded by the Committee appointed by the Sheaoak Log meeting. It is confidently hoped that the prayer of the petition, so numerously signed, will be granted. BRITCHER T. HAEBIS.—We see by the report of the Supreme Court on Wednesday last that in the case of Britcher v. Harris, and which had excited some interest Gawler, the record was withdrawn. The case was therefore not heard. FOBGIKG AND UTTERING.—We regret to learn that a person who stayed two or three days last week at Mrs. Templer's paid her with a cheque for £3 14s., and bearing the respectable name of " T. Oliver Jones." On presenting the cheque for payment, however, it appeared, as "Artemus Ward" would say, that someone had been writing Mr. Jones' autograph in mistake for his own, Mrs. Templcr is therefore let in for the loss. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.—This morning, at Police- Station, Timothy Gale, whtf was brought up yesterday on a charge of intoxication, who wag supposed to be suffering from elirium tremens, made two attempts on his ife. He appears first to have tried to cut is throat with the top of a kerosine tin; but ailing in this he tore strips off his blanket, nd attempted to strangle himself. When found he was black in the face. THE WEATHER.—We hare had rather a long spell of comparatively dry weather, though it has not been such as to cause any serious apprehensions with regard to the crops. Th« rainfall for the week was only 3 0-130. OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.—Fresh news, of the most satisfactory character was received by the last mail from the north, as to the progress making in the erection of th© overland telegraph. We have not time to detail particulars, but the Progress made is such, that probably there will be some strength in reserve to meet any contingency that may possibly arise as the time for the completion of the work approaches. It will not be long before Adelaide is in telegraphic communication with the centre. The state of the country was also very favorably reported on. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE.—We see in the reading room of the Gawler Institute, copies of petitions to both branches of the Legislature, praying for a grant for the enlargement of the building, so as to give accommodation, which is much needed, especially for the museum. The petition sets forth that grants promised years ago by the Government have not been expended on the building in question, and urges that a sum should at once be placed on the estimates for the necessary improvements. We recornend all who desire to see this useful institution encouraged as it ought to be, to sign the petitions. PUBLIC HOLIDAY.—Tuesday the 20th inst. being the 34th anniversary of the Queen's accession, will be observed as a public holiday. IMPROVEMENTS AT THE POST-OFFICE. The alterations at the post-office are progressing, and will we expect be soon completed. The greatest improvement at present felt by the public is that of the gas light in the porch, and which is certainly a great convenience. The general opinion is that the appearance of the front of the building is not improved by the heavy windows which have been substituted for the iron railings which beforo enclosed the porch. I FOOLISH TRICK.—We have heard of a foolish and highly reprehensible trick which was played last week by a girl about 17 years of age, who arrayed herself in a sheet and took up a position near the cemetery at the northern end of Murray- street. A little girl who was passing near, was frightened at the supposed ghost, and ran away screaming ; the woman in white gave chase, and we are informed that the shrieks of the child were so loud that the neighbors thought someone must be on fire. The name of the ghost is known, and it would serve her right to bring her before the magistrate to answer for her silly and mischievous freak. STATE OP THE COUNTRY.—We hear from all parts that the appearance of the country is magnificent; the young wheat is shooting up strong and healthy, and grass is growing finely on the runs. In some localities there is a desire for rain, and in our own neighborhood it would not be unacceptable. The seed time however has been one of the most favorable ever known in the colony. EARLY CLOSING:—We are glad to perceive that the shopkeepers of this town have granted a further concession to their employees, by agreeing to close their establishments on Saturday evenings at 9 p.m. We trust they will not find themselves any losers by the change. FATAL ACCIDENT TO ME. HERRING.—We publish in another column, the report of the inquest on Mr. W. Herring, who met his death by the capsizing of his dray at Kangaroo Flat. It is remarkable that Mrs. Herring's former husband, Mr. William Pope, met his death about 14 years ago also from a dray accident. FATAL ACCIDENT TO MB. BOBINSON.—On Saturday last as Mr. Robinson, formerly of the Victoria Hotel Willaston, was driving home from Eapunda to Hamilton, the night being very dark, his son, who was driving in the opposite direction ran into his father's cart, and Mr. Uobinson was thrown out by the collision. He was driving on the wrong side of the road, so that no blame was attachable to the son. He was carried into a neighboring house, where he died in about 20 minutes. It is a singular fact that on the morning of the same day Mr. Hobinson being in the Victoria Hotel (which belonged to him) asked the landlady to take a nobbier; she declined and he pressed his request, remarking that it was the last cliunce she would have of taking a nobbier with him. She asked what he meant, and he said " It is the last chance you will have, I shall be killed before you see me again." THE HEIGHT or MEANNESS.—The meanest set of men that ever lived have just been lighted upon, remarks the Melbourne Age. Let any of our readers ransack their memory for the worst instance of it they can think of, and they will still fall short of any approach to any illustration of a colonial gold-field specimen of selfishness and hardhearted meanness. It 'was thought that the man who gave to each of bis children a penny over night if they went to bed without tea or supper, and then made them pay their penny for their breakfast before they had it, was about as mean a reptile as ever crawled; but in Victoria we can beat that. Stawell has the unenviable notoriety of being the habitat of the most consummate practisers of meanness that could possibly exist. Their cultivation in this line can beat bo attested by the following extract from a letter in the Holla rat Courier of yesterday-.—"A man named Lewis was killed in the North Cross Reef Companyby some mullock falling upon him, and, of course, the other workmen immediately went to the rescue; and, would you believe it, Sir, the time the men spent in recovering the body and landing it on the surface was actually deducted from their salary on Saturday. After a neat calculation the Directors found that the wages coming to the deceased man amounted, up to the time of his death, to £2 Is. ; but a little sympathy came over these generous men, and they instructed the Manager to make it even money, and pay the widow £2 Is. 9d., which was accordingly done. This happening in one of the richest mines in the colony makes it all the worse. If our readers can supply a parallel case to the above, they may do it—we cannot. DEATH OF MRS. ADAMS.—We regret to record the death of Mrs. Adams, the mother of Mr. A. Eobertson, machinist, of Willas ton. The deceased lady was a colonist of 32 years: she had been ailing for some time and was at last carried off by the disease from which she suffered. Her death took place early on Monday morning, and the funeral on Tuesday afternoon was attended by a considerable number of her friends find acquaintances. OPENING OF POBT BBOUOHTOX.—The interesting ceremony of opening the shipping place nearest to the Broughton Area took place on Monday last. The schooner Triumph, Captain Arnold, had arrived at the Port a few days previously, and discharged most of her cargo. Captain Dale had a few loads taken ashore and shipped two loads of wheat which he had purchased by way of making a formal commencement of the shipping trade of the place. About 150 persons were present, chiefly settlers in the district, and a few visitors from a distance, and who were interested in the area. Mr. Samuel Marshall, Manager of the Wallaroo Itailway Company, was present, having driven from Wallaroo in his buggy, occupying only three hours on the journey. Mr. James Martin, from Gawler, and Mr. E. Patterson, from Smithfield, were also there. After the introductory arrangements were complete, Capt. Dale named the shipping-place Port Broughton ; rockets were fired, and success to the port and shipping trade was drunk in jumpers. The schooner Triumph rode at anchor in nine feet of water within about 10 fathoms of the shore. The port is said to be safe, and with a very small expenditure for the construction of a jetty ample accommodation might be provided for the wants of the place for years to come. It is only about 18 miles from the township on the area, and fair road exists for the carriage of produce. We understand the country is looking plendid; rather more rain has fallen there than in this neighborhood. Some thousands of acres are already sown with wheat, and some of the young corn is covering the ground with a beautiful green. Mr. Waddell, formerly of Mount Barker, we hear, has 500 acres sown. Mr. Johnson, another old settler in the neighborhood, is also forward with his sowing, and some of the new-comers have each from 50 to 100 acres in. NOTICE o* REMOVAL.—We have the pleasure to announce that we have taken a Lease of the commodious premises belonging to the Oddfellows, lately occupied by the Gawler Institute, and we hope to be fairly established in our new offices within a fortnight from this date. TALI Knglish Mail.—The homeward mail will close in Gawler on Monday next at the usual hours. NATIVE BATS.—An Adelaide contemporary says:—" A letter has been received in Adelaide from Copperamana, which gives some idea of how the rats are increasing in the North. It states that the rats are coming down in myriads from the direction of Queensland. The blacks say that tho floods are driving them down. Six hundred of these vermin were killed at the Police Station in six weeks; and as an instance of the depredations committed by them it is stated that they have eaten two bags of flour and (JOlbs. of sugar belonging to the police stores. PRESERVING BUTTER.—A scientific gentleman of this town has obligingly given us some valuable information as to tho best means of preserving butter, and has consented to our publishing it for general benefit, as by this process butter may bo with more certainty preserved fresh and good than by any other method of potting. The butter must be taken while fresh and sweet, and put in a jar which is then placed in a saucepan, or vessel of hot water, but kept below the boiling point, so that tho melting may proceed gradually. When tho butter is perfectly liquified it should be taken out of the saucepan, the ;thin scum taken off the top and the fluid butter poured into the vessel in which it is intended to bo kept. There will be a quantity of casein and refuse at the bottom, which must not be allowed to mix with what is to be kept but which may, m part at least, be used, while fresh, as butter. This refuse amounts in some cases to nearly 25 per cent of the whole, but tins would of course depend on the punty of the butter in the first instance No salt or any other anteseptic is necessary to preserve the butter thus prepared It simply requires to be rnn into the vessels in which it has to be kept and fastened down from the air It has a rather rough tastelike butter that has " run to oil'^and after wards cooled, but is perfectly homogeneous and of a good uniform color thiSughout We beheve if this were carried out on a largo scale it would be found far superior tornI plan of salting or potting hitherto tried. Ihere is an entire absence of "taUowv" £e7ervS * ^ ^ ole a S^ous butters THE P. AND O. COMPANY ABD THB MATT SERVICE.—-The last mail bro^oT a -V^-G^eml, stating that notice had been given to the P and O Company to terminate the present mail* contract. We expect however that it will not be long before a new contract is entered into on terms more favorable to South Australia. It will be freshin the recollection of most of our readers, that a visit was recently paid to this colony by two officials of the P. and O Company, with the view of selecting a suitable port of call for the mail steamers on theu- way to Melbourne from Zing Georges Sound Various pom were mspected-Lacepede Bay, Port Victor, and Glenelg. The first is thought decidedly too far to the eastward; the second has "been considered by the officials referred to as affording insufficient accommodation for the large steamers in case of rough weather; the third has received more favor from the representatives of the P. and O. Company than we expected would be the case We in this colony, knew perfectly well that the difference m time occasioned by the steamers calling at Glenelg could be but a very few hours, but onr neighbors on the east always made the most of it, and the Captains of the steamers rather backed them up in their statements Now, however, they are convinced that they over-estimated the delay and have recommended Glenelg as the eallmg place of the mail steamers. It was said that Sydney would be most affected by the difference in the time of receiving her letters, but the expression of opinion from that colony is by no means adverse to the proposed arrangement. It is therefore hoped that the mail steamers will'ere long call at Glenelg, and save this colony, at least a considerable portion of the £12,000 which PnfTi,^3 fu r the 1, branch service. But whether they call at Glenelg or not, it is certain they will at some South Australian port, and we beheve Nepean Bay would have the preference over the others. BALLOON LETXEB^-Through the courtesy of Messrs. Letts & Son, the world- renowned stationers and publishers, of London, we received by last mail, a fac-simile of one of the many thousands of letters which left Pans by the balloon post during the lato seige. The letter in question, we are assured, is, with the exception of alterations in tho names, an exact copy of one actually sent per balloon post from Paris to London. There is nothing of importance in it beyond what has already been published, but the letter is interesting as a specimen of the style, size &c.; which was allowed to be sent by the balloon post. Accompanying the letter is a brief epitome of balloon postal history during the seige of Paris. From this it appears that o4 official balloons left Paris, besides ^ many private ones, and the total number of ' letters conveyed by this means was 2,500,000. TEMPERANCE LECTURE—Mr. Peter Campbell, gratuitous bush Scripture reader gave a "new and popular lecture on Intemperance " in the Primitive Methodist Chapel Gawler on Tuesday evening last. Owing totho' threatening appearance of the weather there Zf 3 oajy-f moderate attendance, between 30 and 40 being present. The audience sang a Temperance Hymn, and Mr. Campbell after engaging in prayer began 'his lecture. Pen and mk photographs of domestic scenes and misery caused by Intemperance, followed by interesting statistics and details connected with the special subject of the lecture ; also minute analyses of the composition of intoxicating drinks as sold; and the general medical aspect of Intemperance—formed the first portion of the Lecture, and was most favorably received and applauded by tho audienw Three original poems viz. "The hand of brotherhood," "the married total abstainer s return home," and an affecting "appeal to the ladies," were then recite! by Mr. Campbell m a very able manner. These afforded much pleasure, and were rewarded with applause. Mr. Campbell resumed his lecture and read a document signed by a variety of leading medical practitioners in Great Britain, approving generaUy of total abstinence views, also I short but valuable testimony furnished to the lecturer by Dr. Paterson of Adelaide • as to the worthlessness of intoxicating drinks to healthy men and women. Valuable Scriptural and secnlar testimony, interspersed with numerous telling and interesting anecdotes followed. Mr. Campbell wound up with an eloquent appeal to his audience— (including a few special words to the ladies) urgmg them to embrace teetotal principles and practices, not only for their own sakes, but also for example to others. The lecture throughout was listened to with great attention, and received most favorably by the audience. The Doxology was sung, Benediction pronounced, and the meeting ACCIDENT ON THE PoRT LINE.—On : "Wednesday morning, just as the 10'30 train to Port Adelaide wa» nearing tlie Woodville Station, and had got between the ditch and the points, while proceeding at a slow pace, the front wheels or the engine broke or gave way, causing the locomotive to diverge from the rails about a foot. After running a few yards it was brought to a standstill. The accident was at once telegraphed to town, and Mr. Calf, Traffic Superintendent, started immediately with another engine, which brought the train to the Port, the affair oDly occasioning a delay of 25 minutes in the time of the carriages arriving at their destination. The up-train was 20 minutes late, but by 2 o'clock the time-table had been adjusted.—Register. DISAVOWING THE SOVEREIGN.—It is a rare thing to see a score or two of business men disputing about the identity of a sovereign, but such a sight was presented on 'Change on Wednesday, June 9. A com, bearing the royal effigy and the outward seeming of a sovereign, was exibited by Mr. G. M. Galley, and votes taken as to its real character. The only grounds that could be urged against its genuineness were that it bore on the reverse the familiar representation of St. George and the Dragon, and on the obverse the figures 1871\. Amongst those canvassed were three Sank |Managers and a Bank accountant, Jail of whom unhesitatingly refused to ackowledge the coin as being worth more than eighteenpence. The other spectators, with two or three exceptions, accepted their verdict, and the sovereign was pronounced a^counterfcit. Against this decision an appeal was made to the scales, which proved that not only in shape and demensions, but also in weight, the p^ece was in very truth a sovereign. When the evidence had reached this stage one or two sagacious wights suddenly recalled to memory the fact that a new issue from the Mint had been promised, in vhicli George of sainted memory was to be restored to his true position in the coinage of the country, to which Mr. Galley added the information that the coin had recently been brought out from England by a returned colonist. Were? it'not that times have of late been improving it would^ have been easy to understand that the mistake on the part of the "Change frequenters was the result of a long and enforced abstinence from witnessing! the physiognomy of the sovereign.—• Register. ERRATUM.—In our last we stated that the consumption of gas in Gawler, reached 60,000 feet on Saturday night the previous veek. This should have been 6,000 feet. 