MYSTERIES OF ATTDLEY COURT. The popular novel from which the Mysteries of Audley Court has been drama tised is familiar to almost every reader of light literature. The plot throughout is skilfully wrought, and eieh scene in the drama, like each successive chapter in the novel, becomes increasingly interesting. LadyAudley, an extremely difficult charac ter, and one well designed to test the talents of the aotress. Mrs Glad stane's impersonation, however, at the Mophanies' Hall last evening must have won the admiration of everyone acquainted with the principal features of the plot. Cunning and deceit are the prin cipal characteristics. Her interview with' Bobert Audley, where ho accuses her Of the murder of her former husband and Ilia own bosom friend, George Talfcoys, and declares that he will leave no stone unturned in his' efforts to fiud the remains, was a piece of powerful actiug, and when she defies him to do his utmost, and' Alesia Audley appears on the scene the rapidity ; with which her ungovernable fury changes into laughter was certainly striking. Miss i Blanche Gray, as Alesia Audley, made a fair impression, and with Mr Appldton as Bobert Audloy, a particularly good one, assisted materially in contributing to tho auooess of the drama. Although a minor character, it must ho admitted that Mr | Dunn iu his representation of Luke Marks, i made a capital hit, and dc-servcdly won both laughter and approbation. Mr M'Gowan mado the best of Sir Michael Audley, and Mr &u3soll;, as George Tall hoys played an important part in the per formance. The most effective scenes were those in which Lady Audloy encoun ters her former husband in tho garden daring a storm, and attempts to murder him, and the concluding one, where the premises in which .Robert Audley is supposed to bo asleep are set on fire. Tho entertainment wouud up with au amusing farce, entitled " A Ghost in spite of Himself." ' Thi3 even ing the historical play, " Elizaboth, Queen of England," will bo again produced. 