The Courier PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY, JULY 1, 1871. No one after reading the very able letter of Mr. HENRY PARKES (which ap- pears in another column) on the importance to Australia of a mail route to Europe by way of the United States of America, can fail to be convinced of itb strict tiuth It vvoultl be dillicult to over estimtto the ul vantige» to be dei ned nom a suviccoi this kiud, cuned out in i pioper miuncr, mil the cost equitably divided unong the colo mes beneltteil It ilso seems it lirst M^lit, iustthe\eij sulject on vvlueh to commune lcdcral iction Hie object bought tobe att uned is simóle anil elua the obstacles tu the vvaj of attuning tint object ue few ami tin ml-one woulcl cuTuiilj snj tint if fetlei Une tetion is possible tit ill uno ., the Austi linn gimp of colonie it is m tho urangemi¡it of i joint post ii «eivice between tho e colonies mil 1 in pe Jh Pvikis juovts his eise still moio con elusive!) A Imittin.,' tho ile 11 ibilit\ of 1 postal «eivtce íí into with th it til Cialle-nul no ici ^sonable mm in Austiiln would que tion it-^j mej ib ekari) tin mist suitable toi minus foi tlietnml lim It is as M* Pvi 1 ¡ s Mr) eleni) joints out ' about equidist mt between Mclb nine nu 1 Brisluni, while the sottlenunts initiier 1101 th 111 Ijiit ensl m 1 mt) be sul to cone pond with boutli Austnln on the snith westein enst 111 ic«pcet to the neccsstr) time fii mul ilelnei) llien tins put lepresents the second lingett Aiistiilnn populitton, mil it is nu jue tioi iblv the first of \usti ihm jioits 111 its ilockin0 ml ship building tuilities ' Hie lniltutnientb held out to tjiieensluiil to join 111 tins «ei vice aie consulei tbl) mel eased bj the oller to tike the iioveinoi Bl tel ill steinui oil our hands foi the ni\t twelvemonths it le ist nul emploj hei in e trijing otu jioi tion oí the mat's between Sjdnej and our piincij) ti poits Notvvitlibt miling ill this, howcvei, most peojile heio will como to tho conclusion tli it Mi Pvi mi 1 was light 111 declining to commit the colom un Iii picscnt cucum, stances, to 1 simio 111 this mule it ikui0 lu the hut phco, bicuisc tjueciislan 1 is e\ j eetcd to j tj vtij miali inoie than a hu bhiro ul the e\j)cnse I ruo, Mi Pvuws does not mention in his letter unj spcuhc sum as tim amount of Bubsuly which Quceuslund is asked to contribute, but I ft oin til o reply of Iho Colonial n I Srci LTvitY it would appear that in a piewous conveisation with Mi Paiim s, that gentleman had inmed =£10,000 per anntiin, while the sub sid) ioi New South Walea was only dS15,000 pet annum In othei woida, Queensland w is expected to p ly £10,000 a yeal and gue the sei vices ot the Governor Jîlackall steamei into the b ugain foi the self same sei /ice which "New South Wales was to ob tu in foi j£l "¡,000, w hilo the lattei colony has i population, and piesumably a mail semco, five times as laige is oui own, in uldttion to which it would îeip the lion's sime of the commercial ad\an tages Sydney would be the fast port of annal ind the last of departure, its own ships would be employed, and nearly all the ccnendituie neeessaiy foi can ling out the sen ice at the Austi allan end of the line would, as a matter of coiuse, flow into the cash boves of the mer chants of that colony Undm these cir cumstancea it cannot be said to be a fair appoitionmeit of the subsidy to isle Queensland to pty £10,000 ayei and gue the use of the Governor Bhckall steamei as well, y hilo New South Wiles only contnbutcs £1 > 000 Ihen, u^ain, ahnitting as we neely do, the impoitancc and the desu ability even of establishing i mail sei vice to Lurope bv wa) of'sut Troncheo, it is still incumbent upon us to see tint we obtain the best and cheapest sen ice that is to be had It io by no means cleti that the senice pio posed by Mi Pmms, is the best and cheapest Although Mi 11 H Hail's n une is the only one publicly mentioned in connection with this line, it is \eiy well known that it is leilly and truly a project of otu old fneeds the AbN Company While, therefoie, it might and undoubtedly would be to the advantage of New South Wales to accept this line at a highei rate th in that of a foreign company, md be content willi a much less degiee ot efhcieucy, Queensland has no such compensating adyantage to look foi w aid to Undei any encutnstances, all wo can c\pe"t is the com ey ance of oui mails to and fiom the colony, md there is no icason \\\hate\er why we should piefer the A S N Company "to any othei in or out of Austi ill i, e\cept the single one that that company is willing to peiform this woik is clhciently, md at a lowei cost th in any othei-which, as we said, befoie, îeuiains to be pi on ed But, it may be in god that the calling for tendéis is se neely open to discussion in view of the senice aheady oiganised and the co opeiation of the othei colonies in its suppoit Mi PviivLS did not como here simply to piopose the establishment c1 steam communication with Ameiica and Ltuope by means yet to be dowsed and ships yet to be built Ile represents a senice dieady in actual opeiation Lven so, it is suiely competent foi us to consider how far we aie lustifted in assisting to cany it on, whilo it lennins doubt ful whether it is not an e\pen=i\e and melhcient one compaied to what could bo obtained by calling foi tenders open to all the woild-rame especially as there is no puticulai huiry foi such a senice lhe A S N Company are perfectly justified in pushing the matter Mgorously, and seeming, if possible, a monopoly of the route, but Victoria, South Australia, and Queeusl uid could well ifloid to wait the re suit of ian and open competition It is their inteiest and their duty to do so The Aus ti ali tu colonies require a second mail sen ice to Emope, they want a direct mill senice withAuienca, but above all things it isneces sury for thom to make quite sute that they obtain the best that can bo bul lhe \\.SN Ccuipany st trt their boats on this si nice befoie theie has been my ~p portunity loi the Governments of the diftereut colonies to come to i common undeist indmg on the subject, md acceitain w bethel that eompmy is most oi le ist able to peifomi the woik in a satisfactory man nei Judged on its own nient» the uu dei taking is a questionable one, as fu as this colony is concei led at ill ey cuts lhere is yet anothei point foi the peo pie of Queensland to consider befoie entei mg into any engigement oí the kind 'lhere is a third in ni loutc to India and 1 mope which would be of gieatci aih in t ige to this colony than eitlm of the two mentioned-namely,tint na lenes btiaits It has been pio\ed by us that this loutc is 1 ¡ icticable, and we conii lently In he\e tb it the time is not dist mt when i semco will be established by it The Xctheiluuls Gi \eminent ha\e suit a Jugate out lol the spcciil pin pose of e\unining the loute with i \iew of joining in the establish nunt ol a mail «en ice if found nuetteable In a few day-- we may (\¡ect the \essel in the poit of Li is hue Undei these ciicuiiisUiiccs it would I be highly injudicious foi Us to expend ill the money wi cm jjHio foi ni ni sen lees on the \b\ Company s C ilifoiuim line, e\cn ii the tenus weie piopoitioinbly just aid cijuit tble \N i leint from Hilborn uo ptij eri thut tho cilebiutel ruechorso ] stud A ii torn, on the loth of Jim lío never uc yiietl from the illneau yyith yylu h he yy is suilclinlv seize 1 just lite- the Port i hihp ¡stake« um m December 1S07 ¡in I toi yy lue i he « is ti gi at fiyon e On the 10th of,Tai i he ufiHC I foul, nuil liuguc 1 tor il,o il iys whin lu illili He y, tis I y li heirn u out of Mur chioiu" li M lboi ni out of C\ i/e1 i Iv loucliBtoii nml it is fo ile I nt iiuiby inong in lbuJ, nil ho pi ivcil hnii'clf to be one of the best hore s eyer louli 1 in this p U of tin yvorld W h n i two yuir oil lu io iii* c1 th enormous sum ot totOOnt nuctioi, und Inn hi it public pel form mee «ni ut the Victom Si ring fleeting of I lSud nhill boyton the Wot ^ ile st His, hut tvas i'i« pi ililied for buying run m»ido n pp«t lu nil hobtirted eut cn times, mid yy n toneyents Hu munt rcinnrkublo season was "lien, uftei yyinning the Champion Cup mi 1 St Legu at Iuuniieton, uni tho Victorian leger, ho uppoired nt Kindttick mil yyon tho logii , tho Sydney Oohl Cup, i Arm ig Oit IO lbs bcatitiL, ltop of Austi di i lim M hillier, Yut lindon, uni eleiiu otheis , und tho Queen's Clunie i;, y,l n ho nguiu di Tutted Inttondon, lui ruj,on und soyorul others easily lie wns purch ised hy Mr IÎ J Hunter, of Woodstock, from Mi Sinjui-who »on lum in tho Muribyr non¿ lottery for fho sovereigns -for ¿1000 Ile louies a Humorous progeny, and no doubt thoy will do credit to thoir «ire. THE HON GILBERT ELIOTT, M.L.C., late Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of this colony, and a Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St George, died at the residence of his son, the Police Magistrate of Toowoomba, last evening, as announced in our telegraphic news. The suddenness of the mournful event has taken every one by surprise, for it was only two or three days ago that the deceased was in our midst, in the full enjoyment, appa- rently, of his wonted health. But he had survived the allotted span of mortal existence ; and he has gone to his rest-rest from physical pain and toil, after a life spent in useful activity. His career may be said to present a variety of phases. At a very early age he assumed the profession of arms, in the capacity of an artil- lery officer, and served with the Army of Occu- pation in France in 1814. After spending several years with the army in various parts of the globe, he came to New South Wales, and soon after- wards, while yet a young man, undertook the diacharge of important public functions, includ- ing those of Sheriff. He likewise held the appointment of Police Magistrate at Parramatta and he was one of the three Commissioners for the City of Sydney during the temporary ex- tinction of the Corporation. It was about this time, so far as we recollect, that the deceased became connected with a station called Yenda, in the Burnett district. When the reformed Parliament of New South Wales assembled in 1858, under the new constitution, Mr. Eliott took his seat as member for the Wide Bay and Burnett district, and this position he held until the division of the country into two colonies-New South Wales and Queens- land - when he again became a can- didate for Parliamentary honors, and was elected to represent Wide Bay in the Queensland Parliament, the district compre- hending his own station of Yenda. By the unanimous voice of the House of As- sembly he was chosen Speaker, in 1860, and this post he held, through several succes- sive Parliaments, until 1870 when he retired from office, and was succeeded, as our readers are aware, by the Hon. Arthur Macalister. The important public duties devolving upon him dining those years he discharged with marked ability, his diligence and general aptitude for details forming a fitting model for the imitation of younger men. He seemed to look upon a public trust as involving a question of duty rather than of self- interest and convenience, and it is stated-and we believe correctly-that while he occupied the Speaker's chair he was never absent for a single sitting of the House. The Government very properly testified their recognition of his services by giving him a seat in the Upper House, and a retiring allowance of £400 annually , but these honors have not been wanted long. A simple trait of character may here be men- tioned. Some half-dozen years ago, the deceased had the honor of knighthood offered him, but this he declined, because he was of opinion that his means were not adequate to the maintenance of the state neccssarily connected with the title. One other circumstance may be mentioned, it deserves prominence. A few years ago, the members of the House of Assem- bly, desirous of expressmg in a tangible manner their esteem for a gentleman who had so long and ably presided over their delibera- tions, raised a private subscription, and pro- cured a full-length portrait of the deceased. That portrait, we believe, remains unframed, and is located in the Speaker's private room at the new Parliament Houses. Would it not be a fitting tribute to the memory of the deceased if the portrait were to be framed at the public expense, and hung in the Parliament Cham- bers? We merely throw out the suggestion; although aware, at the same time, that a well- spent life is the best and highest memorial of the departed. Mr. E. L. Thornton, who represented War- wick in the Parliament before the last, has announced himself as a candidate for the Eastern Downs electorate, in opposition to Mr. Macalister. We are glad to hear that very encouraging prospects have been obtained during the last few weeks from the reef within the Enoggera Reserve, which has been worked by Mr. M. Lyons for nearly two years past. That gentle- man certainly deserves success for the plucky manner in which ho has persevered with the work. At the outset he was joined in the speculation by others, and after some money had been ex- pended they procured from the Government, under the provisions of the Gold-fields Act, a lease for twenty-one years of 100 acres of land for gold-mining purposes. Subsequently, after further expenditure, which had then amounted to a heavy sum, the greater part of which was borne by Mr. Lyons, those in- terested with him withdrew ; and he has con- tinued operations over since on his own risk, and in the face of much discouragement. A short time ago he suggested to several influen- tial gentlemen the advisability of forming a company, but the proposition was received with so much coolness that he abandoned it. Should, however, " the present prospect be realised - and there is every reason to believe they will, he will be amply repaid. In addition to this, the success of the undertaking will be of importance to the district, as prospecting will probably be stimulated, and other dis- coveries may follow. Of course Mr. Lyons' leased land will not be available for other parties ; but no doubt he would be willing to permit access to it on conditions. The prizes were distributed in tho Gregory terrace Non-vested School, yesterday afternoon, by Mr. Georgo Edmondstone. The school- room was handsomely decorated with flags and flowers, and a large attendance of ladies helped to enliven the sceno. In commencing, Mr. Christie, tho master, said he beliovod free educa- tion was a great boon to tho pooplo of Queens; land, which they did not yot fully appreciate othcrwiso their children would be in mon regular attendance at the schools. This irregf larity of attendance wbb tho groat difiiccdy teachers had to contend with, nnd ho believtd it would never bo overcome until attendanceon the Behool was made compulsory. The attend- ance at tbo school had gone on 'increasing, tot withstanding tho increase of schools in .tho/ neighborhood, as tho following figures »ulí show :-At the end of Juno, 1870, the minbi on the roll was 114, and nt tho present ¿htet was 130. Tho averago attendance duriig te first six months of 1870 wos GO, and tbesyergo attendance during the Irst six months of ,tí> year was 80, showing an increase of 30 jer «ni Tho prizos woro then distributed, aft«: »i< the childron sang several pieces, md/M Edmondstouo delivered a short oddreBi to no. The proceedings terminated with Jho 'b<* . giving cheerB for Mr. Edmoudstonq the \f visitors, Mr. and Mrs. Christie, ind tilt* A The Mclbourno Argus furniohesn sumr7 of tho report of tho Victorian Boad of Et* tion for tho post year, which furnihes bod»* terosting iuformntion regarding tlo worki of tho present system of education fl that coy« A bill to amend this system ant substit «n almost entirely secular for tho ienomin»*! system, which has existed thore ance th*du» cation Aot of 1862, was introduce! into tVio* torian Parliament during tho pst sessi «nd tho subject will no doubt shorty bo de«fi*h. Tho report states that tho chouic staif «gi tation which has prevailed ujpn tho eition has dono more than any othf causo «tard the progress of sound instrucion. TW» the Act como into force in 1S<2 then'**6 in operation 706 Bohools, of which } woro national schools, while 513 wre denot**ional} thero wero ut the end of 1S7C (exclusion rural schools) 137 of tho former ad 434 otto latter 'n operation. During thft periot"*« vested schools had increased fron 193 to/» mid the non-vested schools had dereasc/fao 513 to 434\. Tho cost of vestd au/ qvii-vested schools, ns compared witj'iiouí*aLe(i* shown to bo £2 3s. 3d. per chid i/tbo irmcr, as against £1 17s. 5d. in tlo la/c. ie Board state that they havo no bsitnnoi in sring that, judging by tho test of dassfiation ad by the numerous failures of h'ino claiified tachors to pass their cxaminatiai, (ho jualifiutions of Victorian teachers arostiporioko thos in Great Britain aud Ireland. Tho »port stongly re- commends tho (Stendcd Jcmployjcnt of female teachers in tho pllowinj» terms : -" Wo havo .lsenhero alluded .to tho fact that iu America mo oui of ten of tho teacherf employed l-o fomtas. In this colony uboit one-third ay of tb toaohors are ofthat sex-i.e., about lOlitcrnrteaohors, and -111 work- miBtresses. "ft aro srongly of opinion that tho, empbynut of ftnalos in schools should be (\teuded, id props« to toko steps viith this view." , The annual genera! meetir; of th (Bombers of tho Brisbane Poultry Clu will l> held in tho Supremo Coirt Chambo) nt 3 'clock on Wednesday ucx| when u lill atiudauco is requested. ' . , A ri'ULlc mfting will bi held i ¡tho Na- tional School-rofm, KuugnrocPoint, thalf-past 7 o'clock, on T|esdny cvenhiguext, fr tho pur poso of foramina cricket club ¡, TilEannuallciicr.il meetiq of th Chambor of Commerce .will be held at bo oil«, Kings ford's Buildups, at half-past! o'clol on Wed- nesday, tho l!th instant. , As will bî seen by id vertimiento 'another column, Mi. Walter Douglai, tho jilsionary, will preachat the Wlmf-street Bnpst Chapel to-morrow (Sunday) in) ning, Weindorstand ho nill abo pi each ii Edword-sireet, in tho Order of Forester HjII on tho evening ol ticulars will bo found i the Tempouyo Hall, ening. j The niaiiversnry su per and bali» conneO' tion with Court Forth lo 2701 of tt» Auoient 1! be held ir fho Town io 5th Jut- j Full par- ' ur udvertiijg columns. The second of the ¿urso of le:ures in con- nection with tho FrJ Library jties placo on Tuesday evoning ncJ when Mr S. G. Mee will discourse upon f Poetry of tho Heart." There is no charge if admission to these lec- tures, but a collections taken ndioh on behalf of the Froo Library*« highly Bjorviiig insti« tution. f | TnE roport of tin lîrisbntio Hsjñtol for tho weok ending Juno If is as foljc-s :-In-door patients remaining le week, 771 litto reooived during tho wook, lSWitto dlsohl'-ed, 12 ¡ ditto died, 2; ditto romtfing iu hoMtal, 76¡ total in ho pital durinpf io wwk, p-J, ¡ out-door putients receiving u4¡cal trcatiitit, 235 ¡ ditto ditto ottoudftneos, iH't Visitiugkirgoou for en- suing week, Dr. 0*>h«ty. On Wednesday, June l8, the Primitive Methodist» of Caboolture held a successful tea meeting at their church recently erected. Every preparation had been made by tho friends to jecure the comfort and pleasure of the assembled guests. The churoh was tastefully decorated irith evergreens and flowers, which had a pleasing effect. At half-past 2 o'clock a verso ?HU aung, and feasting began in right good earnest, and, judging from appearances, the duties of thiB department were thoroughly di8 cussed. After tea, orrangements wore mode for an oat-door demonstration, the ohurch being inconveniently small to accommodate the number Of persons present. Mr. Stephen Fountain, of Burpengary, ocoupied the pulpit (improvised from a settler's cart), and presided with his usual taot. Mr. John Wright prcsontod a report, ¡showing the building tobe free of debt, and informed the meeting how locol effort had been brought to bear in its erection. Tho Be v. Thomas Thatcher gave a long and interesting addreBB ; subject : " Purpose of Life. The Eev. J. S. Dobson delivered a short address. The Oeeting, which was good throughout, concluded by passing the customary votos of thanks to tho fe^jSsvidera and the respected chairman. iniyVollowmg are the sittings in Insolvency for monday next:-John Wilson Dawson, Peter Degan, Thomas Cavenagh, Otto Saehso, G. A. N. Russell, Mary A. Tregarthen, and William Ormrod, certificate sittings ; Johu li. Sabine, "William Turner, Alex. Gay don, Williuin jKneen, third; John Devine, William T. Burrowes, M. E. L. Burrowes, James William Stewart, Frederick C. Blunt, R. C. G. Johnson, Charles Reinhardt, Alex. J.Boylo, John Coel mao, Becond ; Alfred Lawrence und Henry Leur Pentecost, adjourned first and second j Richard Thickery, JomesCostnr, Philh'pDignam, Michael Kennedy, Mutthow Bennett, William B. E. Durrant, Edward Lord, G. A. F. E. Dalrymple, , Frederick Klumpp, Morgan Davies, and R. W. Jenkins, first. These are two samples of sugar upon our tabl^-the first a dry dark-brown small grained sugar, from planter's friend cano, grown in tho Ipswich district, and manufactured by Mr. Porter, Tingalpa. The cane was forwarded by Mr. Sparrow, and Mr. Porter has succeeded in get- ting about 8 ozs. of sugar to tho gallon of liquor. ¡The second is a splendid yellow sugar from Mr. Dixon's Yatala plantation. It was made by Mr. George Hairs. It adds much to the inte- rest of all produots of this kind when particu- lars of the cane, manufacture, &a;, accompany the samples. Ratiieb an awkward error occurs in tho roport of the address delivered by Mr. Mackay upon tho sugar-cane in West Moreton, which ap- peared in our ipsue of Thursday. By a trans , position of figures, it was said that sugar syrup is boiled up to "330 to 335 degreos." The correct reading íb "230 to 235 degreos." Two events of muoh importunco uro ap- proaching-tho agricultural Bhowa of East and West Moreton, to be held in Brisbane and Ips- wich respectively. There has not been, of luto years; any cause for grumbling at the public recognition of these and similar exhibitions iu other parts of tho country, although, as a rule, the mercantile community have not supported them as thoy might-and to do justioo to themselves-have , done ; for probably tho business portion of tho community derive moro benefit from agricultural shows than the ex- hibitors themselves. Were it necessary, proof of what we state could be brought forward ; but it is not ncccBsary, for the proposition is acknowledged on all banda. Exhibitions of this kind show to tho many who are ever alert " to do business" where they can find new sources of trade, and how, instead of Bending to tho ends of the earth, they can frequently get what they dosire nearer home. Many instances of this kind could bo mentioned, in which a largo trado is now carried on. in articles almost, if not quite, unknown a few years ago. Those who neglect Buch things need not wondor if thoy find'thomsclves distanced in tho race of compe- tition. When tho climate of Australia is understood, as it must be in time, men will wondor how any of the present raco of occupants could fuil foi** want of something to do. Every duy bringe some fresh instanco of the extraordinary capa- bilities of the country; thus we learn'that tho Mitchell district can grow ft superior quality of cotton, although hundreds of miles lying botween that district und tho sea aro not suitable to tho plant. Small parcels of cotton havo ulrcud} reaohed us from the Mitchell, and ive havo notice that Mr. Hundy, yvho is now in tho district, bus forwarded a sufficient quantity to mako a featuro in the approaching agricultural shows. Wo csnnot too forcibly recommend dwellers in the iaterior, or in any placo likely to be overlooked, ti bring tho productions of thoir districts to public notice. The Brisbane Football Club has received a challenge to play a game from same of the passengers of the Ramsey, which has recently arrived from London. We understand that some of the new arrivals are good players, and a spirited contest may be looked for. The match takes place in tho Queen's Park this aftornoon. Tho "kick off" to be rnade at 3 o'clock sharp. Admibeeb of aquatic sport will bo pleaded to learn that another yacht race will tuko piece in the Hamilton Reach on Sutur luy next. The prizes will ho ttvo cups und certain sums of monoy, and entrances y, ill bo received at Witty's Hotel at 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening. " An aquatic tournament will ho included in the programme. TnE members of the "Bed, White, and Blue" Negro Minstrel Club will g.vo on enter- tainment in tho South Brisbano Moehuuics' in- stitute on Monday ovening, in uid of tho insti- tution. Anotheb popular entertainment-the third of tho series-was given lust evening in the Church of England School-room, Fortitude Valley, the object being to augmont the funds of tho Sunday-school library, As on the provious ooo&sioua;, the affair proved ii great success. Tho building wu8 crowded to suffocation, and ronny failed, after tho mo6t energetic crush ng and jostling, to get in, The prioo of admission was only one penny ¡ and us tho chief feature of tho evening, viz., u magic lantern, appealed strongly to the juvenile imagination, thero was nuturully »largo proportion of youthful pntrons. Tho dissolving viows woro vuried in eharuclor, and deserve notice on uceount of their general ex yllonco. Tho lantern and apponduges yvere kindly lent by Mr. Ceorgo Harris, .and the exhibition was raannged by ono of his omploji'j. The prograrumo also included a vontriloquiul entortainruont, kindly undertaken by Cuptaiu Townley. Amongst thoeo present woro Mr. «wd Mrs. Harris, Miss Bramstou, Mc. Robert», nu. U*tt, and others. The cash receipts on the Southern and Western Railway during the week ending June 17 were -Passengajs, £326 6s , poroels, £17, miscellaneous, £22 12s. 2d. ¡ goods, £901 11s. 3d Total, £1267 9s 5d. Maintenance, Ac, £14 14s. 4d At the Viotona Hall lost ovening tho per- formance was for tho benefit of Mr G. Darrell, a gentleman who, generally known as ho is as the husband of the former Mrs. Robort Heir, has, since his short residenco in Bnsbano, gamod for himself o great many friends peisonally, and admirers professionally It is seldom that so young a man possesses in such a largo dogrco all the qualifications requisito fo>- sustaining the leading charaotoi s in pieces written by authors whoso every character per se is a fino concep- tion Mr. Darroll has, howover, shown that ho has that talent of odaptation which is so nocossary to an actor, and, abovo all, that he devotes timo and study to the realm tion of tho associations with which tho author's persons should bo surrounded in ordor to present them correctly before on audience We confess that we \ ore somowhat anxious to seo him m tho chaiacter ot Samlet, which ho selected last evening, inasmuch nj, whilst it is ono which ver) many actors aspire to represent, it is one m which few succcod "Hutrdct" is poihaps that one of ¡bli ikospae's nkys which is most familial to ue of all ot that great mau's wntings It is coutempoianeous, as it were, with our boyish days-it is with us in aftor life lu tho for uer wo mo attrnetod by the supernatural parts of tho plav-in too lattor by the philosophy and wit which aro dis played by tho olnef characters in it Wo aro not surprised thoreforo that last evening thoro wus a largo audience to witness its first appeal anco as au entirety on tho Queousland stago especially when it was known pretty well, from the caste solootod, that it would bo produced with evory caro necessity to couduco to its propor representation His Lxccllency tho Acting Governor arrived at about 8 o'clock, but left boforo tho piece was concluded As the Punco of Denmark, Mr Daircll fully sustnincd tho high reputation be has earned in othoi delineations, and ulthough his uctmg, fiom tho foot of his being so young foi tho chnructcr, struck us as being somewhat peculiar, and dif feront to that of tho older school, wo must say that there was u freshness about it, which, whilst not marring his goneial conception of the part, was very pleasing In bia soliloquies, and in fuct through out, his elocution was oxcellont, nud his genei.il renderiLg of tho Prince showed thut he hi d very carefully studiod it Lacr/es was u eil sus tamed by Mr Carov, whoso fiuo voico »food him in goodeflcct As Polonia* Mr Ii une ippoarel to great advantage, and wus w11 ucquninted with tho text of the uuthoi Ho bus seldom plnyed bottor Mr Jetdan took tho pint of JIoi itto very cieditabl) indeed, and wo miy spook gene- rally of tho whole company as 1 avug giren groat attention to then several iuh¡> Of Mrs. Darrell as Ophelia, wo caunot speak too highly, although wo liked hor best when she appeared befare tho Queen (Miss Rosa Coopor) deprived of hor roo son, and when she sang the plaintive little songs which form part of the chura"tci vol) olfco tively Tho King (Mr Soagruve) did not up pear to such advantago as might have been wished, but still he went through his part satis factordy. As the First Grave digger, Mr Harding, dosorvos kind moutiou, as it is a somo what diilicult character to pla} The Ghost was roprosented by au Amateur, who, although somowhat nervous at first, jicrformod the part well Tho scenery throughout was good, and, altogether, wo have not witnessed au enU.i¡uni- ment which was so perfect in every rispoct foi u vory long time Thb Queensland Timei of Thursday says that a Bpecial meeting of tho committee of tho Ipswich and West Moleton Agri- cultural Society wob held in the society's oflice, School of Arl«, on Tuesdi) lifter noon In accordance with pre lou-, notice, on tho motion of Mi Vovvlcs, seconded by Mr Smith, it was resolved that anj m mber of tho society wishing to purchase the piue plough should notify tho sumo in wiitin,; to the s ero tury bj 4 p ui on tho duj ol the mioa, ind in case of thero boing moro thnn ono clui nnnt, the right of purchnso should be decided bv bnllot The prico of admission to tho chow was fixe ! at Is each for tho fit st two hours, und Cd foi the remainder of tho d-v The following Bub committees in connection therewith wcio nlso appointed -Tor utting up and de o-u ni" the hall-Messrs Ajlott and Pride , lor receiving and a ranging the exhibits-Mc j-» Sloman, Gill, Germaine, and lambert , foi tho c ittle show-Messrs Smith,Voivles, Coi y nid Pryde lho sccietarv wus instruct d to m juin us t > tho cost of obtuinin? tho services of n bul d , to «rite to tho Conn ís-uoucr foi Knil ia) an 1 the A S N Company, u"kmg the u to ullovv exhibits to bo curried to und fioui tho Inhibition free of chargo, und to suggest to tho tom i oner for Hallways that, if excursion ticcts vuri i-micd tiny mii,lit be nviubblo on the di v prev ous und that following tho »how uU > to the Acting C4oiernur, lujuestm; bun to op u lho show On tue motion of Mr smith, io vwh voted for the purpose of p-ov Jm0 efic h e ii for tho judges mil committee It «ccrns that Mi Duly, tho iici Victornn Prenie is deteinniel to outbi 1 Ins picdcccs sors in oin e A. te c >i mi fro n M i oui ne in the 6 Jf Herd I, of lune _7, )s - Mr Uullv i hire ed the tlators ot Ivvneton TI cm vvjsii 1 age ui 1 ont' u'l ist e n cctuig He promised u libe il Lui pohoj, wn i freo ecko lion before surviv, and titles coull bo tiuns ferrcd Sc'ection could be ni i le i both si leo of dechred rords on loans Uj, i i eel on the seeurit of the s le tor = license, uste id of the mi ne) lv iig iu the bj iks ut u pu i nt in telest, which mi.lit be le ut to pushing On nul iuvs H m nu te i i défi t but v ould not seek iu tho t rill to inno-j uwic tnxntion than tho hto Minister for I linn u md propo id Thero vvoull bo a compromit in tho Cubinet with r sp e to tho question of prote tion and freo tiido Tho educition question is left open Mr Duff) consulted Mi L nilton vi th icferenec to the formation of hu Cabinet, but the hWcr refused to join There is eve j dis position to accord to Mi Dull) a Inn til ti " Maraviixv. Cocoa->o b-ciuiast tablo is conipl te without this dohciom bec a"e Ihe Globe suva -' "\ anous importers and manu fuoturei» havo ut tempted to attain a rept tatton for their prepared cecoas, but wo doubt whether nny thorough success had beon achieved until Messrs luv lor Brotlcu discovered the cxtrioi dinar) qualities of ' Muravilln'cocoi Adapt ing their peifect s)stem of prepawition to this finest of all species of tho 1 heobroma, t'iey huve produced un articlo which supasedos oh ) othei cocoa m the markot Entire solubility, u dchouto uroruu, nud u raro concontintion of the purest olemeuts of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla cocoa abovo ull others 1 or hoinoso paths and mvuhds wo could not locommond a moro agrceablo or valuablo bovora^o " Sold in packets only by all groceis, of whom also may bo had Taylor Brothers' Original Hoinceoputhio Cocon and Solublo Chocolate Steam Mills, Brick lane, London. Lxport Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium.-j Advt,] 