CRICKET NOTES. I Br LONGSTOP. The Inter-University contests are now over, the Melbourne Aim* Miter havingtaea victorious both on land and water. Xd&tott; see the boat raoe, if raoe it may beterteed which was no raoe. It was a mnal un pleasant day, windy and dost?: and havingA very vivid recollection of the locality **»d it* peculiar attractions, and knowing that? Sydney bad not the ghost of £ «howt i| ddctwft '?> io stop away. I fancy that the ipM)pp .6i > which the taoe was sowed will*hw|**«e*e&v; * public patronage on an extensive scale at*!** lnter- Univarsity boat race. -fHfe coold oome ^/j^^bisbhn Boating men, I belie*e,t»oh pooh the idea of lagoon being «vwtiw4eiil «nit«hte fm poses, audi suppose hnatinr*W»" W "-the natch" «.f the year, notwithstanding .t p "N S.W." threw on it and th* boatr&ce.; He was not far wrong, however, as ivj iceuiu, unu Li is " tip" was about the bu.it I havp ever r«ad in a sporting paper. Some people say that the Sydney Eleven "ought" to have won. I wish they had myself, but then it does nat follow, therefore, that L think they ought to have done so. If A'Beckett had been caught in his second in nings, Sydney would have won. Just so, and if several other chances had been taken (one or two by Eggleston at Bhort Blip) then some people's scores would have beeu different on the spore sheet. It is no use arguing " after" a match, if to and so had taken place._ If the match were played again, Goldsmith might get into 3 figures; Dan Wilkie, too, might get a bcore; and then there might be some change in the "generalship," which to compareBtnall things with great, was about on a par with that displayed by the French in their present war with Prussia. Anyhow, the match created very great interest ; not, unfortunately, among the general public, but amongst the better class, and I believe that interest will increase with every exhibition. It is a match thatshould be encouraged as much as pos sible. With regard to the Intercolonial match, the committee of the M.C.C, have issued sub scription books, returnable on the 14th of January, but I hardly anticipate any great amount being collected. I think the com mittee have been very foolish in allowing the holidays to slip away without having a sports meeting. It does not follow that because a meeting in the middle of the wettest winter we have had was a failure that, therefore, in summer it should be the same. As it hap pens, Boxing-day and Yew Year's Day "holidays" were blessed with such weather tbat no loss could have accrued. The committee have in .my opinion shown a thorough want of pluck and enterprise. Why there are lots 6i speculators wlio for a share of the profits would have guaranteed the club from all loss, find as it turns out the profits of two such days as we had would have been enough to send the Intercolonial eleven to Sydney. A programme with one or two open races and walking matches, with a good steeplechase and a bicycle race, would have tilled the M.C.C. ground on the two days, and if the admission had been 6d. to a part of the ground, Is. to a second reserve, and 2s. 6d. to the club reserve, there would have been lots of money taken. The members of the V.Tt.C. pay five guineas a year subscription and yet any outsider Can enjoy the same privi leges by .payment of 10s. aday. Why should the cricket clab be so exclusive? Why not follow the example of the V.R.C.! With a five years' lease of the ground, and one member of the present committee to help me, I would make such a revolution iu the old club as should cause some of the portraits to jump out of their old frames in the long room. I should bwuiuwall *uy pride, if I ever had any, and speculate a little ; should go in for sport, and try to deserve public patronage; but then I should bargain for full power-like Cromwell, 1 should turn all the Test -of the committee out of their room and lock the door. They might go and play croquet,- and leave me to manage the club,-and I would soon payoff the debt. However, it's no use to talk to them, so let's «ee who will represent us at Sydney. 1 don't think we can get a very strong team together this year, as up to the present time many of our best players have been conspi cuous by their absence from the cricket field. , , . ^Robertson has not taken a bat in hand that lam aware^rf. 1 saw die name as play ing in some match in the Western district, but as there was a pair of specs to it, I con cluded it could not be <5\. P. If it was, the ground must have been estra "good," I sas pect. , 'Allen isupcountry, where, no one seems to Jao/mi bat the chance of his going to Sydney is a very remote one. 100 to 1 against it. Sun Cosstick is at B&llarat;, bat, I presume, if -wanted, as be will be, and the money is forthcoming, Sam will be all ready to go. Tommy Wills, ditto, ditto, I may say. I suppose; and Tommy Wills eoems the same as ever-if he has recovered (from the effects of 'ttte Hurray cod at the inter-university dinner. Of WardiD, Kelly, Phillips, there id some doubt of theirbeingfcble to leave their badness, avocations. The same remark applies to Willie Campbdl. faiggin, who was overlooked last year; is now quartered at Belfast Goldsmith will, I suspect, be wanted, and would, I think, be able to go. Veroey Cameron; who is in good practice now, never plays in big matches, and if he did, bptfnea. would;; probably prevent .hfe going to Sydney. . Conway, I sttppose, could go; and he is in now than he has been for eomet Donald Campbell is up-country, and cannot " Ion. m of most of the cracks. The /is, How to make np the team? .re iota of playeis,to make, up an t all about the same cut. Osborne of South Melbourne, has been bowling well, and might be useful in the eleven, but his bat tiagig not quite up to the mark. Figgis, of will be "wanted," no doubt this year, biitfrom certain remembrances that flit ' mind, 1 fancy chat {uulessMr. JJ^Wilfsay; " Don't you wllS you Suygetme! It Is easy enough to get an «Jeven, but whether it would be an eleven fairly representing the strength of thecolony U anotber^xoppAn altogether. 1 .shall be anxious to beir^hat the conmittee propose to^Olrt»Miihe1Jth Inst, arrives. " ' BwJraqptock to Hay mother sports uoiCanu issue a really inviting pro Idid not care to throw cold water SxCJnivecsitP match. bU its noiuft ,__$<U»y lQBge?,»t^ they, intend to e j&e; pimlu» <TOtaodab amd play with tibefbjafleeofgrassas 