ARRIVAL OP DE. L*NIGAN AT BUB.T?rWA. Thursday, the l^t.i, says the Southern Argus, was the day for the arrival of the lord Bishop of the diocese. The church Tras beautifully decorated, and an avenue of pines planted for the occasion opened from the church-gate, over which was hung a velvet banner with the hearty welcome of days gone by — ' Cead mille failthe.' The Bishop was met by a party of horse men some twenty miles from town, and by others within fifteen miles, and at a distance of twelve miles from here the grand body met him, the Rev. Dr. O'Connor at the head. When this noble guard of honour reached the town it must have been over 4£K), with ten buggies, and deafening were the shouts of joyous welcomes that rung as the Bishop entered the parochial church. A full choir was presoHt and sang the Te Deum. P. H. Scott, Esq., J.P., then approached and read the address to his Lordship. Dr. Lanigan; in reply, said that he was very much pleased with their warm mani festations, for, in effect, it was an expression of the faith within them, and of attachment \ to it. There was, however, a novelty in the | address which attracted his notice. They offered the fidelity of Irish Catholic hearts. This was novel, for the greater number of faces before him were Australian faces. But the address explained itself. Nearly all were of the Irish race. From Ireland the stock came, and they need not be ashamed of it. Others might boast of other glories, but there was a peculiar glory for the Irish race. They were conquered, and they suffered much and long, and for the faith, and still they are conquering for the faith. Those be fore him might be properly called Irish Australian Catholics, and the address con nected with the name a high and noble glory. For over fourteen hundred years the Irish , race looked to Rome, and Rome looked to Ireland. Other changes took place, but the attachment of Ireland to the faith received from Rome was unchanged. This was a glory of which they might boast, for it transmitted to those before him a noble and valuable inheritance, that of the one true faith planted in Ireland from Rome over fourteen hundred years ago. This inheri tance rejoiced them here to-day, and gave them the right to call themselves Irish Aus tralian Catholics. He trusted they would show themselves worthy of the name, and faithful followers of the noble traditions of their fathers. Amongst other difficulties, the greatest was that of instruction. For hun dreds of years the schools were made the in strument to destroy Catholic teaching but the Irish race by nature devoted to education kept away from such schools, and provided for themselves as best they could. They, no doubt, lost before the world, but they saved the faith. Even in this free land a like diffi culty meets us. That principle in education which founded the Communisms in Paris, and which is the boast of like societies, is advo cated by many amongst us. Remove religion from education and you find men converting religious phrases to strange uses. As with some public-school inspectors, the drilling of little girls appears to be made a part of the moral tone — no religion, no fixed principles, no security for society — and still these schools receive every help from our schools act, whilst our denominational schools must be supported through difficulties, subjected to manifest injustice. After some further remarks, he announced the course of duties in the church for the following three days, and then gave the episcopal benediction. He then visited the school, and Miss M'Kay read, in poetry, a most beautiful little .address from the children, to which he graci ously responded in his own happy way. Tuesday and Saturday his lordship and the priests were engaged in the church pre paring the children for confirmation. On Sunday the sun was brighter, the air more balmy, as if inviting the people to gather in large numbers to be present at the imposing services of our holy religion. Bur rowa was absolutely crowded. The Bishop preached after the gospel. The church was so crowded that at all the windows, and at the sacristy door, there were congregations to catch the words of truth that eloquently came from their chief pastor, when he told them in the text of the day to avoid false teachers, and to listen to the old church, ; ' the pillar and the ground of truth.' He \ told them of the faith of their fathers, and \- how they suffered torture, exile, and death , for that truth, and hoped their descendants in Australia would honour the memory of their sainted ancestors, and would guard, '.religiously guard, that great and holy gift, which was the only inheritance they brought ? from holy Ireland. After Mass the prelate Preached on the gifts of the Holy Ghost, and administered the sacrament of Confirmation to 150 persons, many of whom were adults, and four of whom were converts within the last three months. The Bishop left on Monday for Young. 