Dramatic -and Musical Review. "Justice al wars whirls In equal measure."-LOVE S LABOUR'S LOST. THOSE who establish a new order of things are usually the prinoipal sufferers by the result ; an enterprise does not always meet with the reward it mérita : Guillotine waa one of the first to fall by the machine he invented ; and Mr. Anderson, who so spiritedly threw himself into the breach to do battle against monopoly by taking tho Adelphi Theatre, and peopling the stage with an excellent working company, has had to succumb to tho dictates of fate, and after bearing the first brunt of the expensive war, has retired from the position of tho chief magistrate of the little theatrical state, and has left the government in the hands of Messrs. Burford, Andrews, and Howe, who have . formed a commonwealth for the conduct of affairs. Notwithstanding very great opposition (for Sydney, whichjis usually in extremis with regard to amusements,) there is always a large humber of people here of the class that will bo amused at a chenp rate, and who like dramatio performances. " The Relief of Lucknow" proved a great attraction; and though there is any quantity of noise, plenty of fight ing and firing in it, enough to wound the susceptible frames of nervous persons, yet I have seen the drama performed far worse, even in Sydney. Mr. Howe is a steady and most useful actor. He plays naturally. As the Rev. David Blount he seemed to take great delight ia exhibiting very powerful illustrations of the efficacy of muscular Christianity, and belaboured the enemy in good earnest. Mr. Holloway was proportionately fierce aa the renowned Nana Sahib; here}Mr.. Holloway's rough voice stood him in good atead, and enabled him to give an additional demoniacal tone to the character of this inhuman but not uninteresting savage. Mr. Laoy, as Sweeny, comes next on my list for a word of ungrudging praise.. He has jumped with a bound into the place of people's favourite, and he deserves it ; he is evidently trying to give expression to the parts he performs, and is, therefore, a useful and safe man on most occasions. Now, there is Mr. Andrews (Cassidy), with very excellent abilities as a low comedian, yet he always gives you the idea of not caring a pin for. what he is doing by the monotonous way in which he gene rally Bpeaka, as by the great sameness of his impersona tions. When Mr. Andrews appears in a oharaoter to his liking, as in "The party by the name of Johnston," he can be as aotive and amusing aa anyone ; therefore, half a word to a wise man should be quite enough, and I hope to Bee Mr. Andrews very much in earnest in every oharaoter. Mr. Burford waa quiet and reserved as Randell M'Gregor, with an occasional outbreak of military spirit whioh became the part. Miss Stephenson is not equal to Mary Provost, or Miss Aitken, as Jessie Brown, the latter lady having had but few equals in the part ; but she should prac tice her Scotch a little ; "puir" is not "pair," and many another word might be improved. This is essen tially a part wherein the good elocutionist would appear to great advantage. I am speaking of the evening of Mr. Howe's benefit ; and after the drama we had a dance by those two very clever little FordB ; the youngest is especially sprightly and full of animation; they were encored, and did not seem in the least tired. With training they will make good danseuses ; they have considerable of .the technic of stage danomg, are lithe of limb and nimble- footed, and they keep excellent time. Then, Miss Maggie Oliver gave a pattiotio song (one of those brought hither, I think, by Bessie Gregory), "The Flower Girl," introducing-to. the suggestive tune of "The Spider and the Fly"-a poetical symbolical description of "The Rose, Sham rock, and Thistle," to whioh, subsequently, on a recall, " The Waratah" was added, each being reoeived by a cannon of applause from the distinctive partisans. Misa Oliver made up in intensity and spirit of decla mation what she wanted in softness of voice. As a sacrifice to "the gods," others endured a " clog-hornpipe," by a Mr. Gibson, whose "kind con sent" was as gratifying to his admirers as disagreeable to those whose taste ia not in that direction; and some extraordinary vocal efforts of a Mr. Jackson, whose "brother" seemed by no means "fainting at the door," since he himself appeared supremely happy, and quite contented with himself. "The Daughter of the Regiment" waa subsequently played for the purpose of introducing a Miss Marion ¡saunders as Josephine. The young lady has a voice of good quality ; but she sings a little out of tune, and wanta praotice. She has, however, any amount of self possession and confidence, and this ought to be something in her favour. As the celebrated " Vivan dière," she should have been a little more tastefully costumed. Could there not, also, be a little cleaner and fresher set scene than the one used as a background for tho singing and other intermezzi, with its large patch at the top, and very dingy panneling ? The orchestra at this theatre, under Herr Riohty, is not one of the least agreeable items ; it numbers some ^ good musicians, . and occasionally plays attractive selections. That very clever and ver satile actress. Miss Joey Gougenheim, who last per formed in Sydney with Mrs. Gladstane, and who now, I hear, resides permanently amongst us, com menced an engagement here on Saturday evening!; but I do sincerely hope she will appear ,in other pieces than "Lady Audley's Secret," and similar melodramatic effusions. For suoh parts her style is totally unfitted; whereas in burlesque and light comedy she is seen to very great advantage, and will alway8 prove a favourite with U8 here in Sydney. "Paria" was produced by the Zavistowskis at the Prince of Wales Theatre on Monday evening. It has not been played here since the days of Julia Mathews. It has now a new second name, "The Apple of Dis cord," according to the classic story on which it is founded. Its aotual baptismal second appellation is " Vive Lempriere" (the classical dictionary), a pun ning allusion to the " Vive .l'Empereur" of ita namesake, the French capital. But of course this would be out of place in the days of Communism and its Vandalio destruction of the empress of cities. " Paris" is one of Burnand's best and most witty pro ductions; full of light classical allusions, many of whioh, however, are quite sacrificed in the mutilated and transposed version now performing, and by the indif ferent manner it was played by the majority of the com pany. The first part is completely altered, and in the others nearly all the admirably appropriate inserted music, the duets, the choruses, and dances are omitted, and replaced by a few of by no means ' equivalent oharaoter. Emmeline Z. was Paris, Christine, Mercury, and Alice that broth of a boy, the Irish constellation O'Ryan (Orion). Of all the costumes in whioh the trio have appeared none have been so becoming as these ; the first dress of Paris as a ripping peasant swell looked particularly well, better than the subsequent one of the prince whioh was more showy. Alice waa a pure emerald from the green isle, with the proverbial red breeches, without an atom of unnecessary personal development. There was, how ever, but little aotiug in tho parts ; snatches of dance, short songs, the same constant movement and peculi arity of posing, all tend to make up the sum of attrac tion in these ladies, by keeping the attention rivetted on them alone : take thom separately, and but few can say ia what thoiriádividuol merit consists. Except at occasional points, the burlesqne is, like its two prede oesiors, unmistakably '"slow," though it should no! be, if smartly rendered. Two very pretty soenes may be mentioned : Oupid'i Tea Bose Gardens, and the Oytherean Bower of Venus, true home of love. The pio-nio scene of the deitiei welcoming Paris, after the manner of the ghost scene in "Bip Van Winkle," was well arranged and effect ively performed. The burlesque was preoeded by a [very short, unim portant trifle, " Who speaks first." : As it plays onlj for three-quarters of an hour, the audience have to wait nearly three-quarters of au hour between the pieceB, e tediousness almost beyond endurance, and even theo the performances terminated at half-past 10. The orohestra, under that excellent musician, Mr. Walter Bice, played with groat care and correctness but there is much need of strength in the stringed instruments. " Shoo-fly" again forma a lively conclusion to this classical burlesque, as to " Ixion ;" and apropos oi this, Mr. Clarke, the publisher, sensibly announces thc song, and a gallop founded thereon, to be issuedjjahortlj -a goad speculation. For the benefit of the Z trio on Wednesday night, Christine was announced to appear in a different style of acting, ia Celeste's triple character in thc melodrama of the "French Spy." There never was greater occasion to regret ¡the editorial limits to my space than the prevention of an extended notice of tho Choral Society's concert on Tuesday evening. The Masonic Hall was well filled, and though the audience was not enthusiastic, the visitors were evidently surprised by the exquisite character and freshness of the music, as well as by the general excellence of the performance. Three parta of Haydn's "Seasons" were given, "Summer" being omitted, and one or two of the other pieces shortened, causing the concert to terminate com fortably by a quarter-past 10, aud I do not think that one person left the room before the finale. A proof that the concert was attractive was the presence of nearly all our resident leading musicians amongst the audience. Herr Schmitt, the conductor, inuBt evidently have worked most aealously, and his forces must have supported him with equal assiduity. The soloists were Miss James, Mr. Wood, and Mr. Fairfax. The orchestra had evidently received the greatest attention, and, with ono or two exceptional points, admirably kept up the character of the music. It would be preferable if the singers could be kept together by the orchestra, without the tinkling of the piano which spoils the effect of the delightful accom paniments. Some of choruses were remarkably crisp and accurate (where an omission did not cause ii break) ; time and precision very praiseworthy. Tue "Tallyho" was admirable. The soloists were not quite sure in their recitatives ; more rehearsal on their part was necessary. ' The fine but difficult air for tht bass, " Behold along the dewy grass," was expressively sung by Mr. Fairfax, though it taxed him severely, being, ia general, below the range of his voice. Mr. Wood, too, is a good musician, and sings with great taste, but his voice waa not sufficiently powerful ? for the music or for the room. The charmingly sprightly and pleasing oharaoter of the music of the air-and chorui, "A wealthy lord," and its execution by Miss James and an accompaniment, compelled the only encore in the per formance. The voice of the songstress sounded thin, but as sweet and sympathetic as ever. Altogether, the execution of this pastorale redounds to the credit of the society, and will bear repetition. A company of Japanese commencée at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday. Those who remember the won drous exhibition of Madame Cuts-who-gero and her companions some time since will be eager to see the performances of their successors from the great insular empire. Mr. Thiodon promises us an entirely new programme on Saturday : If the brass band (lately playing there) have any part in it, would it not be advisable to let them play ia the yard at the rear of the hall : It would be more effective and more in keeping with the tiny figures represented on the stage. Signor Pompei is again with us, and we must hope that he will oonsider the present sucoess at .the Prince of Wales Theatre as an indication of what will be the fate of the opera troupe, by its awaking the latterly dormant spirit of the Sydney public with regard to public amusement. Papers from New Zealand continue to report most zealously the great success of Misa Florence Colville, the Sydney actress, who is making a sort of triumphal Droeress. \- - Bisorf. 