faricta. Why is a sword like beer ?—Because it is no use till it's drawn. Why is a thunderstorm like an onion ?— Because its peal on peal. When cannot a toper stand upright ?— When he's in-ksee-briated.—Fun." An American paper has the following :— " London hsa small pox. Vaccinate the cable." When may a man be said to be a book ? —When he's a tome. THE Elder Berri.—The Compt de Chambord. THE Blunderer's Paradise.—The Island of Mull. " THE MUSIC OF THE FUTURE"—Will, of course, be played exclusively by the Bands of Hope. PEOPLE talk about the " glorious uncertainty" of sporting. We know an owner of racehorses who never fails every night to " pull off"—his boots.—" Fun." LONG.—" A couple of Belgian giants," says a Yankee contemporary, " are now in the city for the purpose of exhibition. They are so long that it takes two days to exhibit them." A CAT was so raBh as to lick the cheek of a young lady of improved complexion, and in a few minutes was no more. Young men will please take notice. "How much did he leave ?" inquired a gentleman of a wag, on learning the death of ai wealthy bitizen. " Everything," responded the wag, « he didn't take a shilling b with him !" Somebody has written a book entitled, what shall my son be ?" Upon which someone replies, « If the boy is as bad as the book, the chances are that he will be hanged !" " EXAMINE HIS MOUTII FOR HIS AGE." —Rector's daughter (to Sunday-school boy): "Oh, you have an elder brother; well how old is he '"—Schoolboy : " Dunno', MISS, but he's just started o* swearing." LAZY.—The story of lazy a schoolboy who spelled Andrew Jackson " &dru; Jaxon," has been equalled by a student who wished to mark half a-dozen new shirts. He marked the first«' John Jones" and the rest" do." A YOUNGSTER, whilst perusing a chapter of Genesis, turning to his mother, inquired if the people in those days used to do sums on the ground. It was discovered that he had been reading the passage, " and the sons of men multiplied upon the face of the earth." A DEFINITION FROM ONE POINT OF VIEW.—" I say, 'Arry, 'ow is it yer don't 'it it off with Tom Wright ?"—'Arry: " Well, yer see, he's such a Cad ! He's always talkin' rot about mental culture, and that sorter thing, yer know, and yer never 'ear of 'is bein' in aebt or getting tight—or doin* anvthink manly, yer see I" A PA-RIIINT complained to his physic ian that lie was pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going houje from the tavern. •« What shape was it ?" asked the dorio . In the shape of ajackass," said the man. "Go home," replied the physician, " and kee.i sober. You were drunk last night, and frightened at your own shadow." The Royal visitors left Dublin August?. Crowds of people lined the streets through which they passed, but not a cheer was raised. The people observed a dead silence, broken only by a few hisses. 