DIVISION OF SORELL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-From the last communication of " A Cor- respondent" in your journal, the public are informed that preliminary steps have been taken for petitioning the Government to divide Sorell into two municipali- ties, and the details of the proposed arrangement are given. Surely "A Correspondent" must be a " jester." He never can be in earnest in propounding a scheme which he must know can never be carried out ; and, if it were, would only complete the farce of municipal government at Sorell. Sorell already enjoys the unenviable distinction of having the worst paid Council Clerk and Superinten- dent of Police in Tasmania, and the worst paid constables in the territory. It also enjoys the distinction of having for a long time past had the worst kept accounts in the colony, which neither Warden, councillors, nor municipal auditor can unravel, much less understand. Nor is it surprising. All is clearly traceable to the " cheap and nasty" policy on which its business has been carried on. Surely the ratepayers have had enough of this ; and now see that, in the long run, it is safer and cheaper to pay " a fair day's wage for a fair day's work," than to pay their officials so miserably low that they cannot honestly exist. Bul if the scheme of upper and lower divisions on the plan proposed be in seriousness, and not in jest - somewhat after the fashion of the amendment, which was carried at the last meeting of the Lower Road Trust " that their next meeting should be in the watch-house yard," Mr. Fitzsimons being in the chair -I trust the ratepayers will pause ere they commit themselves to a proposal so transparently ridiculous. The police revenue of the whole district of Sorell, at a rate of 9d. in the pound, does not amount to £450, whilst its municipal revenue does not reach £150. Divide this and you have less than £300 for the sustenance of each municipality, with its Warden, its Council Clerk, its Superintendent of Police, its troopers, and its foot police. If the revenues of the district were quadrupled, there might be some sense in the division ; but, as it is, nothing could be more ludicrous, unless, indeed, it be the way in which it is proposed to carry it out. It is proposed to give the Warden nothing for his services during the first year. This is presumptive evidence that, the thin edge of the wedge being inserted and division effected, it is contemplated that the nothing salary of the Warden for the first year shall grow into something for the second. It is proposed to get a Council Clerk for £70 a year. The law requires that such an officer, holding as he does a position of trust, should give substantial security for his fidelity. Common sense dictates - and so long as the Government assist municipalities by money grants, they should see that such officers should be not only men of unimpeachable rectitude, but of ability ; for, disguise it as you may, country Council Clerks are not only the eye of the Council, but not unfrequently the newly-fledged Warden's counsellor and guide. From such guides, at £70 a year, may the people of Lower Sorell be delivered. In no way can the proposal be advantageously carried out, except by a three shilling rate, which the law will not sanction, and at which the rate- payers would revolt. No scheming will effect it. If it be proposed that the Council Clerk shall be watch house-keeper, in the hope that the Government will pay his salary as a policeman, the hope will be delusive ; and, if it be proposed, as a last resort, that the Warden shall be three-in-one, Warden, Council Clerk, watchhouse-keeper, to effect the division, it is to be hoped that the Government will never sanction a proposal so degrading to the municipal institutions which it fosters and supports, and which can lead to nothing but jobbery, injustice, and corruption ; for most of the defalca- tions in rural municipalities have arisen from the fusion of offices which have destroyed the natural checks to detection, and opened the door to pecula- tion. In conclusion, if the people of Sorell desire to maintain municipal institutions with credit to them- selves, they must pay for them ; and that more than ninepence in the pound. If not, let them at once throw themselves upon the mercy of the Central Government as a police (or in other words pauper) district, and give up the ghost as a municipality ; for to propose a second municipality in a district so poor that it can scarcely support one with credit, is nothing but a " sham, a delusion, and a snare." RUSTICUS. 