UNCLE SILAS: A TALE OF BARTBAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER Lxnr. SPICED OLMIET. 13 r J. S. IE FANV, Authoret" Wyider'e ilsad," "The Ho use by Die Church yard." &c.; &c.; I did not lie down ; l>ut I despaired. I walked round and round the room, wringing my bonds in utter distraction. I threw myself •at the bedside on my knees. I could not pray. I could only shiver and moan, with hands clasped, and eyes of horror turned up to hen res. I think Madame was, in her malignant way, perplexed. That some evil WAS intended me I am sure she was persuaded, but I dare say Meg Hawkes had said rightly in telling me that she was not fully in their secrets. The first paroxysm of despair subsided into another state. All at once my mind was filled with the idea of 3feg Hawkes, her en terprise, and my chances of escape. There is one point at which the road to Elverston makes a short ascent; there is a sudden curve there, two great ash-trees, with a roadside stile between, at the right side, covered with ivy. Driving back and forward, I did not recollect having particularly remarked this point in the highway ; but now it was before me in the thinnest segment of moon, and the figure of Meg Hawkes, her back toward me always ascending slowly towards Elverston! It was constantly the same picture—the same motion without progress—the same dreadful suspense and impatience. 1 was now sitting on the side of the bed, looking wistfully across the room. When 1 did not see Meg Hawkes, I beheld Madame darkly eyeing first one then another point of the chamber, evidently puzzling over some problem, and in one of her most savage moods— sometimes muttering to herself, sometimes protruding, and sometimes screwing up her great mouth. She went into her own room, where she remained, I think, nearly ten minutes, and on her return there was that in the flash of her eyes, the glow of her face, and the pecu liar fragrancc that surrounded her, that showed she had been partaking of her favourite restorative. I had not moved since she left my room. She paused about the middle of the floor, and looked at me with what I can only describe 06 her wild-beast stare. You are a very secrete family, you Ruthyns—you are so coning. I hate the coning people. By my faith, I wcel see Mr, Silas Hnthyo, and ask wat he mean. I heard him tell old Wyat that Mr. Dudley is gone away to-night. He shall tell me everything, or else I weel make echec et mat aussi vrai que je vis." Madarae's words had hardly ceased, when I was again watching Meg Hawkes on the steep road, mounting, but never reaching, the top of the acclivity, on the way to Blve.-ston, and mentally praying that she might be brought safely there. Vain prayer of an agonised heart! I journey was already frustrated. Sho was not to reach Elverston in time. Madame revisited her apartment, and returned, not, I think, improved in temper, She walked about the room, hustling the scanty furniture hither and thither as she en countered it. She kicked her empty box out of (he way, with a horrid crash, and a curse in French. She strode and swaggered round the room, muttering all the way, and turning the corners of her course with a furious whisk. At last, out of the door she went. I think she fancied she had not bten sufficiently taken into confidence as to what was intended for It was now growing late, and yet no succour! I was seized, I remember, witti a dreadful icy shivering.J I was listening for signals of deliverance. At every distant sound, half stifled with a palpitation, these sounds piercing my ear with a horrible and exaggerated distinctness—" Oh Meg ?—Ob cousin Monica!—Oh come !. Oh Heaven, have mercy!—Lord, have mercy !" I thought I heard a roaring and jangle of voices. Perhaps it came from Uncle Silas's room. It might be the tipsy violence of Madame. It might—merciful Heaven!—be the arrival of my friends. I started to my feet; I listened, quivering with attention. Was it in my brain ?—was it real ? I was at the door, and it seemed to open itself. Madame had forgotten to lock it, she was losing her head a little by this time. The key stood in the gallery door beyond; it, too, was open. I fled wildly. There was a subsiding- sound of voices in my uncles 1 room. I was, I know not how, on the lobby at the great stair-head outside my uncle's apartment. My hand was on the bannisters, my foot on the first step, when below me and against the faint light that glimmered through the great window on the ianding I saw a bulky human form ascending, aud a voice said' Hush' I staggered back, and at that moment fanced, with n thrill of conviction, I heard Lady Enolly6's voice in Uncle Silas' room. I don't know how I entered tho room; I was there like a ghost, t was frightened at my own state, Lady Enollys was not there—no one but Madame and my uncle I can never forget the look that Uncle Silas fixed on me as he cowered, seemingly as appalled as I, I think I mast have looked like s phantom newly risen from the grave. " What's th-t?—where do you come from ?" whispered he. " Death 1 death " was my whispered answer, as I froze with terror where I stood. "What does she mean?—what does all this mean?" said Uncle Silas, recovering wonderfully," and turning with a withering sneer on Madame. " Do you think it right to disobey my plain directions and let her run oboist the house at this hour." " Death! death! Oh, pray to God for you and me !" I whispered in the same dreadful tones. My uncle stared strangely at mo again; nnd after several horrible seconds, in which he seemod to have recovered himself, he said, sternly and coolly— " You give too much place to your imagination, niece. . Your spirits are in an odd state—you ought to have advice." " Oh, uncle, nity roe ! Oh, uncle, you are good! y on Ye /rind; you're kind when you think. You could not—you could not—could not! Ob, think of your brother that was ^always so good to%ou 1 He sees me here. He sees us both. Oh, save me, un^o—gave me!—and I'll give tip everything to you. 1'Jl pray to God to bless yon—I'll nevejjforget your goodness and mercy. Biit- doii't keep me in doubt. If I'm to go, oh, for God's sake, shoot me now!" " i'ou were always odd, niece; I begin to fear you are insane," he replied, in the samo stern icy tone. " Oh, uncle—oh! am I ? Am I mad V "I hope not; but you'll conduct yourself like a sane person if 3'ou wish to enjoy the privileges of one." Then, with his finger pointing at me, he turued to Madamo, and said, in a tone of " What is the meaning of this t—why is she here 1" Madame was gabbling volubly, but to me it was only a shrilly noise. My whole soul was concentrated in ay uncle, the arbiter of my life, before whom I stood in the wildest agony of supplication. TJiot night was dreadlul. The people saw dizzily, made of smoke or shining vapour, smiling or frowning, I could have passed my hand through them. They were evil spirits. "There'snoillinteQdedyou; by there'i none," said my uncle, for the first time vio lently agitated. "Madame told you why we've changed your room. You told her about the bailiffs, did not you ?" with a stamp of fury he demanded of Madame, whose nasal roullades of talk were running on like an accompaniment all the time. She had told me indeed only a few hours since, and now it sounded to me like tho echo of something heard a month ago or more. " You can't go about the house, d—n it, with bailiffs in occupation. There now— there's the whole thing. Get to your room, Maud, and don't vex me. There's a gooci girl." He was trying to smile as he spoke these last words, and, with quavering soft tones, to quiet me; but the old scowl was there, the smile was corpse-like and contorted, and the softness of his tones was more dreadful than another man's ferocity. " There, Madame, she'll go quite gently, and you can cail if you want help. Don't let it happen again." " Come, Maud," said Madame, encircling but not hurting my arm with her gripe ; " let us go, my friend." I did go, you will wonder, as well you may —as you may wonder at the docility with which strong men walk through the pressroom to the drop, and thank the people of the prison for their civility when they bid them good-bye, and facilitate the fixing of the rope and adjusting of the cap. Have you never wondered that they don't make a last battle for life with the unscrupulous energy of terror, instead of surrendering it so gently in cold blood, on a silent calculation of arithmetic of despair ? I went upstairs with Madame like a som nambulist. I rather quickened my step as I drew near my room. I went in, and stood a phantom at the window, looking into the dark quadrangle. A thin glimmering crescent hung in the frosty sky, and all heaven was strewn with stars. Over the sleep roof at the other side spread on the dark azure of the night this glorious blazonry of the unfathomable Creator. To me n dreadful scroll—inexorable eyes—the cloud of cruel witnesses looking down in freezing brightness on my prayers and agonies. I turned about and sat down, leaning my head upon my arms. The a suddenly I sat up, as for the first time the picture of Uncle Silas's littered room, and the travelling hags and black boxes piled on the floor by his table —the desk, hat-case, umbrella, coats, rugs, and mufflers, all ready for a journey—reached my brain and suggested thought. The mise en seine had remained in every detail fixed upon my rotina; and how I wondered— " When is he going—how soon ? Is he going to carry me away and place me in a madhonsA ?" " Am I—am I mad ? ;> I began to think. " Is this all a dream, or is it real ?" I remembered how a thin polite gentlemen, with a tall grizzled head and a black velvet waislcoat, came into the carriage on our journey, and said n few words tome; how Madame whispered him something, and he murmured " Oh!" very gently, with raised eyebrows, and a glance at me, and thenceforward spoke no more to me, only to Madame, and at the next station carried his hat and other travelling chattels into another carriage. Had she told him I was mad ? These horrid bars! Madame always with me! The direful hints that dropt from my uncle! My own terrific sensations!—All these evidences revolved in my brain, and presented themselves in turn like writings on a wheel of fire. There came a knock to the door— Oh, Meg! Was it she? No; old Wyal whispered Madame something about her room. So Madame le-entered, with a little silver tray and flagon in her hands, aDd a glass. Nothing came from Uncle Silas in ungentlemanlike fashion. " Drink, Maud," said Madame, raising the cover, and evidently enjoying the fragrant steam. I could not. I might have done so had I been able to swallow anything—for I was too distracted to think of Meg's warning. Madame suddenly recollected her mistake of that evening, and tried the door; but it was duly locked. She took the key from her pocket and placed it in her breast. " You weel 'av these rooms to yourself, ma cbere. I shall sleep downstairs to- night." She poured out some of the hot claret into the glass abstractedly, and drank it off. " "i'is very good—I drank without tbeenk. Bote 'tis very good. Why don't you drink some ?" " I could not," I repeated. And Madame boldly helped herself. " Vary polite, certainly, to Madame was it to send nothing at all for hair" (so she pronounced " hor"); " bote is all same thing." And so she ran on in her tipsy vein, which was loud and sarcastic, with a fierce laugh now nnd then. Afterwards I heard that they were afraid of Madame, who was given to cross purposes, and violent in her cups. She had been noisy and quarrelsome downstairs. She was under the delusion that I was to be convoyed nway that night to a remote and safe place, and she was to be handsomely compensated for services and evidence to bo afterwards given. She was not to bo trusted, however, with the truth. That was to be known but to three persons on earth. I never knew, but I believe that tho spiced claret which Madame drank was drugged. She was a person who could, I have been told, drink a great deal without exhibiting any change from it but an inflauied colour aud furious temper. I can only state for certain what I saw, and that was, that shortly after she had finished the clnret she lay down upon my bed, and, I now know, fell asleep. I then thought she was feigning elocp only, and that sho was really watching me. About an hour after this I suddenly heard a little clink in the yard beneath. I out, bat saw nothing. The sound was repeated, however—sometimes more frequently, sometimes at long intervals. At hst, in the deep shadow next the farther wall, I thought I could discover a figure, sometimes erect, sometimes stooping and bowing toward the earth. I could sea this figure only in the rudest outline mingling with the dark. Like a thunderbolt it smote my brain, " They are making my grave !" After the first dreadful stun I grew quite wild, and ran up and down the room wringing my hands and gasping prayers to heaven. Then a calm stole over me—such a dreadful calm as I could fancy glido over one who floated in a boat under the shadow of the " Traitor's Gate," leaving life and hope and trouble behind. Shortly after there camo a very low tap at my door; then another, like a tiny postknock. I could never understand why it was I made no answer. Had I done so, and thus shown that I was awake, it might have sealed my fate. I was standing in the middle of the floor staring at the door, which I expected to see open, and admit I knew not what troop of spectres. CHAPTER LXIV. THE HOUR OF DEATH. It was a very still night and frosty. My candle had long burnt out. There was 6till a faint moonlight, which fell in a square of yellow on the floor near the window, leaving the rest of the room in what to an eye less accustomed than mine had become to that faint light would have been total darkness. Now, I am sure, I heard a soft whispering outside my door. I knew that I wan in & 6tate of 6iege! The crisis was come, and, strange to say, I felt myself grow all at once resolute and self-possessed. It was not a subsidence, however, of the dreadful cxcitcment, but a sudden screwing-up of my nerves to a pitch such as I cannot describe. I suppose the people outside moved with great caution ; and the perfect solidity of the floor, which had not anywhere a creaking board in it, favored their noiseless movements. It « was was well wen for ior me me that mat there mere were were in in the the house three persons whom ,t was part of the r ^ r ^ rI' lS proceedings. TJiey Isuspected T ™ ? " !that ™ C I had . ei I placed furniture against the door, and were afraid to force it, lest a crash, a scream, perhaps a long and shrilly struggle, might follow. I remained for a space which I cannot pretend to estimate in the same posture, afraid to stir—afraid to move my eye from the door. A very peculiar grating sound above my head startled me from my watch—something of the character of sawing, only more crunching, and with a faint continued rumbie in it —utterly inexplicable. It sounded over that portion of the roof which was farthest from m the door, toward which I now glided ; and as I took my stand under cover of the projectin , ,- , ,, V Injecting ; angle of a clumsy old press that stood close ! j by it I perceived the room a little darkened and I saw a man descend and take his stand upon the window-stone He let go a rope, which, however was st.ll fast round h,s bodv, and employed both his hands, with apparently some exemon, about something at the side of n B 0 m ° ment m T' I one mass bars and all, 6wung m!selessy IT' ; a n , d t H man whom I now d.stmctly saw to be Dudley ftutbyn, kneeled on the sill, and stept, after a moments listening, mto tbe room. II,s foot made no sound upon the f i ° 0r , ; b l , l h f a d W a s . . - b e wore his usual short shooting-jacket. , L™Z e d n° r, 't f° y UD< ! in ^ P ° St ° f I J e n S l ° ' i r ! l 'LTT,! t T m 10 ,™' . ed t0 J me ' irresolutely for a moment, and hen drew i n^. Ll 0 ®!"" / D ( 6 rU T Q ' Wb,ch , d , 16 - 6 f i ^ i L J T f m ,°. 0, ! 1^ht : Imagine a hammer, one end of which had U b » e nT T n R ! Sb P T g 6p < 5' ^ d r e w l l i S - t ^ ^ n t ; ' : ^ seemed to examine this hurriedly, and tested its strength with a twist or two of his hand. And then he adjusted it very carefully in his grasp, and made two or three little experi mental picks with it in the air. I remained perfectly still, with a terriblp composure, crouched in my hiding-place, my teeth clenched, and prepared to struggle like a tigress for my life when discovered, I thought his next measure would be to light a match. I saw a lantern, I fancied, on the window-sill. But this was not his plan. He stole, in a groping way, which seemed strange to me, who could distinguish objects in this light, to the side of my ted, the exact position of which he evidently knew; he stooped over it. Madame was breathing it the deep respiration of heavy sleep. Suddenly but softly he laid, as it seemed to mo> bin left hand over her face, and nearly at the same instant there came a scrunching blow; an unnatural shriek, beginning small and swelling for two or three seconds into a yell such as are imagined in haunted houses, accompanied by a convulsive sound, as of the motion of running, and the arms drumming on the bed; and then another blow—and with a horrid gasp lie recoiled a step or two, and stood perfectly still. I heard a horrible tremor quivering through the joints and curtains of the bedstead—the convulsions of the murdered woman. It was a dreadful sound, liko the shaking of a tree and rustling of leaves. Then once more he stept to the side of the bad, and I beard another of those horrid blows—and silence—and another— nnd more silence—and the diabolical surgery WBB ended. For a few seconds, I think, I was on the point of fainting; but a gentle stir outside the door, close to my ear, startled me, and proved that there had been a watcher posted outside. There was a little tapping at the door. " Who's that ?" whispered Dudley, hoarsely, "A friend," answered a sweet voice. And a key* was introduced, the door quickly unlocked, and Uncle Silas entered, I saw that frail, tall, white figure, the venerable silver locks that resembled those upon the honoured head of John Weslev, and his thin white hand, the back of whicti hung so close to my face that I feared to breathe. I could see his fingers twitching nervously. The smell of perfumes and of ether entered tho room with him. Dudley was trembling now like a man in an oguo-fit. "Look what you "have made mo do!" he said, maniacally. "Steady, sir!" said the old man, close beside me. Yes, you damned old murderer ! I've a mind to do for you." "There, Dudley, like a dear boy, don't give way; it's done. Right or wrong, we can't help it. You muBt be quiet," said the old man, with a stern gentleness. Dudley groaned. "Whoever advised it, you're a gainer, Dudley," said Undo Silas. Then there was a pause. "I hope that was not heard," said Uncle Silas. Dudley walked to the window nnd stood there. " Come, Dudley, you and Ilawkes must use expedition, lou know you must get that out of the way." "I've done too much. I won't do nout; I'll not touch it. I wish my hand was off first; I wieh I was a soger. Do as ye like, you an' Hawkes. I won't go nigh it; damn ye both—and tiiatY' and ho hurlod the hammer with all his force upon the floor. " Come, come, be reasonable, Dudley, dear boy. There's nothing to fear but your own folly. You won't make a noise ?" " Oh, oh, my God 1" said Dudley, hoarsely, and he wiped his forehead with his open hand. " There now, you'll be all well in a minute," continued the old man. " You said '(wouldn't hurt her. If I'd a known she'd a screeched like that I'd never a done it, 'TWBS a damn lie. You're the damndest villain on earth." "Come, Dudley!" said the old man under his breath, but very sternly, " make up your mind. If you don't choose to go on, it can't bo helped; only it's a pity you began. For you it is a good deal—it does not much matter for me." " Ay, for you!" echoed Dudley, through his set teeth. " The old talk !" " Weli, BIR," snarled the old man, in the same low tones, "you should have thought of all this before. It's only taking leave of the world a year or two sooner, but a year or two's something. I'll leave you to do as you " Stop, will you ? Stop here. I know it's a fixt thing now. If a fella dees a thing he's damned for, you might let him talk a bit anyhow. „ I dou't care much if I was shot." " There n o w — j u s t stick to that, nnd don't run off again. There's a box and a bar he we mu8t^ban the direction, and takf tkem'away. The box has some je^ls Can ^ ??o them ? I wish we had a' light." "No, I'd rayther not; I can see well enough. I wish we were out o' this. Here's the box." " Pull it to the window," said the old man, to ray inexpressible relief advancing at last a few steps. Coolness was given me in that dreadful moment, and I knew that all depended on my being prompt and resolute. I stood up swiftly. I often thought if I had happened to wear silk instead of the cashmere I had on that night, its rustle would have betrayed me. I distinctly saw the tall stooping figure of uncle, and tho outline of his venerable tresses, as he stood between me and the d„ll light of the window, liko a shape 1 cut out n C!mf ' | He was Eavi „ just t0 f, „ nnd whh ,lis f()n| arj, at the cont'racting patch of h moonli llt «!licb , fi_d , J n the ' W Tll£ (,oor was about a quarter open, i and just ns Dudl b t0 J M!UJ1C^ }le3r£ bo v:hh / > i.case fn it her room, inhaling a great br(,a(i)_wit|l a mentfll h ± T glided tiptoe from the room, and found fnyself on the gallery floor. \ turncd tQ h .i !lt gil , , cIlan Lrf Mowed a long galled in .lie dark „ot runnillf._r was too tearful of makin- the least noiJLbut waIkinp with ?Le tfp™! 'swiftness of terror. At the termination of' i this thi's was was a cross-ffallcry, cross-gallery, one on end of which- y to my left—twminated left-terminated in a great' window, " tthat throu h the dusk ^ ^ view was visible. With the instinct of terror I chose the darker, and turned again to my right: ^ - lh h d)is Ion° d nJr] ^ark I was terrified by a light, about ing. In spotted ^ patches eme this Jng.from light fell the througli ceil- the door and sides of a stable Jantern, and showed me a ladder, down which, from an open skylight I suppose, for the cool night-air floated in my face, came Dickon Hawkes, notwithstanding his maimed condition, with so much celerity as to leave me hardly a moment for consideration. He sat on the last round of the ladder, and tightened the straps of his wooden leg. At my left was a door-case open, but no door. I entered; it was a short passage abo'it six feet long, leading perhaps to a backstair, but the door at the end was locked. I was forced to 6tand in this recess, then, which afforded no shelter, while Pegtop stumped by with his lantern in his hand. I fancy he had some idea of listening to bis master unperceivod, for he stopped close to my hiding-place, blew out the candle and pinched the long snuff with his horny finger and thumb. Having listened for a few moments, he stumped stealthily along the gallery which had just traversed, and turned tho corner in the direction of the chamber where the crime had just been committed, and the discovery wag impending. I could see him against the broad window which in the daytime lighted this long. passage, and the moment he had passed the corner I resumed my flight. I descended a stair corresponding with that backstair, as I am told, up which Madame had led me only the night before. I tried the outer door. 1\> my wild surprise it was open. In a moment I was upon the step, in the free air, and as instantaneously was seized by the arm in the gripe of a man. It was Tom Brice, who had already betrayed me, and who was now, in surtout and hat, waiting to drive the carriage with the guilty father and son from the scene of their abhorred outrage, CHAPTER LXV. IN THE OAK PAULOUR. So it wag vain: I was betrayed, and all was over. I stood before him on the step, the white moon shining on my face. I was trembling so that I wonder I could stand, ray helpless hands raised towards him, and 1 looked up in his face, A long shuddoring moan—" Oh— 0I1—oh!" was all I uttered. The man, still holding my arm, looked, I thought frightened, into my white dumb face, I10 said, in a wild, fierce whisper— ever say another word" (I' had not ntterad one). "They shan't hurt ye, Miss; git yo in; I don't cure a damn I" It waB an uncouth speech. To me it was the voice of an angel. With a hurst of gratitude that sounded in ray ears like a laugh; I thanked God for those blessed words. In a moinont moro he had placed me in the carriage, and almost instantly we wore in motion—very cautiously while crossing the court, until he had got the wheels upon the grass, and then at a rapid pace, improving hi6 speed as the distanco increased. He drove along the side of the bnck-approach to the house, keening on tho grass; so that our progress, though swaying like that of a ship in a swell, was very nearly as noiseless. The gate had boen left unlocked—he swung it open, and remounted the box. And we were now beyond the spell of Bartram-Haugh, thundering—Heaven be praised 1—along the Queen's highway, right in the route to Elverston. It was literally a gallop. Through the chariot windows I saw Tom stand as he drove, nnd every now and then throw an nwful glance over his shoulder. Were we pursued ? Never was agony of prayer like mine, as with clasped hands and wild stare I gazed through the windows on the road, whose trees and hedges and gabled cottages were chasing one another backward at so giddy speed. We were now ascending that identical steep, with the giant ash-trees at the right and the stile between, which my vision of Meg Hawkes had presented all that night, when my excited eye detected a running figure within the edge. I saw the head of some one crossing the stile in pursuit, and I heard Brice's name shrieked. " Drive on—on—on'!" I screamed. But Brice pulled up. I was on my knees on the floor of the carriage, with clasped hands, expecting captare, when the door opened, and Meg Hawkes, pale as death, her cloak drawn over her black tresses, looked "Oh!—ho!—ho!—thank God!" she screamed. " Shake hands, lass. Tom, yer a good un ! He's a good lad, Tom." Come in, Meg—you must sit by me," said, recovering all at once. Meg made no demur. " Take my hand," I said, offering mine to her disengaged one. " I can't, Miss—my arm's broke." And so it was, poor thing! She had been espied and overtaken in her errand of mercy for me, and her ruffian father had felled her with his cudgel, and then locked her into the cottage, whence, however, she had contrived to escape, and was now flying to Elverston, having tried in vain to get a hearing in Feltram, whose people bad been for hours in bed. The door being shut upon Meg, the steaming horses were instantly at a gallop again. Tom was still watching as before, with many an anxious glance to rearward, for pursuit. Again he pulled up, and came to the window. "Oh, what is it ?" cried I. " 'Bout that letter, Miss; I couldn't help. 'Twas Dickson, he found it in my pocket. 1 That's a'." " Oh yes !—no matter—thank you—thank Heaven ! Are we near Elverston ?" "'IVill be a mile, Miss: and please'm to mind I had no finger iu't." " Thanks—thank you—you're very good— I shall always thank you, Tom, as lonjr as I live!" At length we entered Elverston. I think I was half wild. I don't know how I got into the hall. I was in the oak- parlour, I believe, when I saw Cousin Monica. I was standing, my arms extended. I could not speak; but I ran with a loud long scrcam into her arms. I forget a great deal after that. CONCL US ION. " Oil, my beloved cousin Monica! Thank Heaven, you are Jiving still, and younger, I think, than I in all things but in years. And Milly, my dear companion, she is now the happy wife of that good little clergyman, Sprigge Biddlepen. It has been in my power to he of use to them, and he shall have the next presentation to Dawling. Meg Hawkes, proud and wayward, and the most affectionate creature on earth, was married to Tom Brice a few months after these events; and, as both wished to emigrate, I furnished them with the capital, and I am told they are likely to be rich, I hear from iny kind Meg often, and she seems very happy. My dear old friends, Mary Quince and Mrs Husk, are, alas! growing old, but living with me, and very happy. And after long solicitation, I persuaded Doctor Brverly, the best and truest of ministers, with my dearest friend's concurrence, to undertake the management of the Derbyshire estates. In this I have been fortunate. He is the very person for 6uch a charge—so punctual, so laborious, so kind, and so shrewd. In compliance with medical advicp, cousin Monica hurried tne away to the Continent, where she would never permit me to allude to the terrific scenes which remain branded so awfully on my brain. It needed no constraint. It is a sort of agony to me even now to think of them. The plan was craftily devised. Neither old Wyat nor Giles, the butler, had a susicion that I had returned to Bartram. Had been put to death, the secret of my fate would have been deposited in the keeping of four persons only—the two Ruthyns, Hawkes, and ultimately Madame. My dear cousin Monica had been Brtfully led to believe in my departure for France, and prepared for my silence, Suspicion might not have been excited for a year after my death, and then would never, in all probability, bavo pointed to Bartram as the scene of the crime. The weeds would have grown over me, and I should hare lain in that deep grave where the corpse of Madame de la Rougierre was unearthed in the darksome quadrangle of Bartram-Haugh. s It was more than two years after that I heard what had befallen at Bertram after my flight. Old Wyat, who went early to Uncle Silas's room, to her surprise—for he had told her that he was that night to accompany hit son, who had to meet the mail-train to Derby at five o'clock in the morning—saw her old roaster lying on the sofa, much in his usual position. "There was nout much strange about him," old Wyat said, "but that his scent-bottle was spilt on its side over on the table, and he dead." She thought he was not quito cold when she found him, and she sent the old butler for Doctor Jolks, who said he died of too much " loddlum." Of my wretched uncle's religion what am I to say? Was it utter hypocrisy, or had it at any time a vein of sincerity in it? o I cannot innot say. I don't believe that he had any heart left kv lur for migioB, religion, whicb which ig is tlifl the highest form of affection, to take hold of Perhaps be was a sceptic *ith misgivings about the future, but past the time for finding anything reliable in it. The devil approached the citadel of his heart by stealth with many zigzags and parallels. The idea of marrying me to his son by fair means, then by foul, and, when that wicked chance was gone, then the design of seizing all by murder, supervened. I dare say that Uncle Silas thought for a while that he was a righteous man. He wished to have heaven and to escape hell, if there were such places But there wera other things whose existence was not speculative, of which some he coveted and some he dreaded more, and tomptation came. "Now if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver, precious stones, wood hay, stubble, every man's work shall be made manifest; for the day shall declare if because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is" There comes with old age a time when the heart is no longer fusible or malleable, and must retain the form in which it has cooled down. " He that is unjust, let him be unjust still; he which is filthy, let him be filthy still." Dudley had disappeared; but in one of her letters, Meg, writing from her Australian farm, says;-"There be a fella in toon as calls hisself Colbroke, wi' a good hoose 0' wood, 15 foot length, and as hy 'bout as silling o' the parler Bt Bartram—only lots 0' rats, they do say, my lady—a bving and sellin 0' goold back and forred wi' the aiggin 1 folk and the marchants. His cheke and mouth be wry wi' soar o' burns or vitterel, an' no whiskers, bless you; but my Tom ee tolt him he knowed him for Master Doodley. I ant seed him, but he sade ad hede shute Tom soon as look at 'itn, an' denide it, wi' moathful o' curses and oa&. Tom baint right shure; if I seed un wons i'd no ior sartin but 'appen, 'twill best be let be." This was all. Old Hawkes stood his ground, relying on the profound cunning with which their proceedings had been concealed, even from the suspicions of the two inmates of the house and on the mystery that habitually shrouded Bartram-Haugh and all its belongings from the eyes of the outer world. Strangely enough, he fancied that I had made my escape long before the room was entered; and, even if ha were arrested, there was no evidence, he was certain, to connect him with the murder, all knowledge of which be would stoutly deny. Thero was an inquest on the body of my uncle, and Dr. Jolks was the chief witness. They found that his death was caused by " an excessive dose of laudanum, accidentally administered by himself," It was not until nearly a year after the dreadful occurrences at Bartram that Dickon Hawkes was arrested on a very.'awful charge, and placed in gaol. Jt was an old crime, committed in Lancashire, that had found him out. After his conviction, as a last chance, ha tried a disclosure of all the circumstances of the unsuspected death of the Frenchwoman. Her body was discovered buried where he indicated, in the inner court of Bartram-Haugh, and, after due legal enquiry, was interred in the churchyard of Feltram. Thus I escaped the horrors of the witnessbox, or the far worse torture of a dreadful secret. Doctor Bryerly, shortly after Lady Enollys had described to him the manner in whicb Dudley entered my room, visited the house of Bartram- Haugh, and minutely examined the windows of the room in which Mr. Charke had slept on the night of his murder. One of these he found provided with powerful steel hinges, very craftily sunk and concealed in the timber of the window- frame, which was secured by an iron pin outside, and swung open on its removal. This was the room in which they had placed me, and this the contrivance by means of which the room had been entered. The problem of Mr. Charke's murder was solved. I have penned it. I sit for a moment breathless. My hands are cold and damp. I rise with a great sigh, and look out on the sweet green landscape and pastoral hills, and see the flowers and birds and the wavin" boughs of glorious trees—all images of liberty and safety; and as the tremendous nightmare of my youth melts into air, I lift my eyes in boundless gratitude to the God of all comfort, whose mighty hand and outstretched arm delivered ine. When I lower my eyes and unclasp my hands, my cheeks are wet with tears. A tiny voice is calling me " Mamma!" and a beloved smiling face, with its dear father's silken brown tresses, peeps in. "Yes, darling, our walk. Come away !" I am Lady Ilbury, happy in the affection of a beloved and noble-hearted husband. The shy useless girl you have known is now a mother—trying to be a good one; and this, the last pledge, has lived. I am not going to tell of sorrows—how brief has been my pride of early maternity, or how beloved were those whom the Lord gave and the Lord has taken away. But sometimes as, smiling on my little boy, the tears gather in my eyes, and he wonders, I can see, why they come, I am thinking—and trembliog while I smile—to think, how strong is love, how frail is life; and rejoicing while I tremble that, in the deathless love of those who mourn, the Lord of Life, who never gave a pan g in vain, conveys the sweet and ennobling promise of a compensation by eternal reunion. So, through my sorrows, I bave heard a voice say, " Write, from henceforth blessed are the dead that die in the Lord!" The world is a parable—the habitation of symbols—the phantoms of spiritual things immortal shown in material shape. May the blessed second-sight be mine—to recognise under these beautiful forms of earth tbs ANGERS who wear them; for I am sure we may walk with them if we will, and hear them speak! WHAT'S TO DE DOHB WITH BHIGHAU YOUNG.— " A Wrecker " in tho Yass Courier, wants to know: —"What on earth will bo tho pumehment devised for Brigham Young P To a man who for years hits undergone the purgatory of wholesale polygamy, nothing that the utmost ingenuity can auggest would appear terrible. Years ago a London polioe magistrate euggoetod that tho only remedy for bigamy was the penalty for its commission boing made imprisonment for life in company with both wires. Perhaps tho Utah authorities will take the hint and keep Brigham confluod with his whole seraglio. If he had s hair left on bis head or a whole boos in his body after Die first; week there must be something peculiar about Rooky Mountain air—that's all." 