SANDHURST BOROUGH COUNCIL. Friday, 7th July. Iho Conncu met at four o clock, after the moot ing of the Finance Committee—at which 110 busing oi any public importance was transacted. I'lescnt —The Mayor, Crs. Burrowes, Mncriougall. IIolii.o« Aspnuul, Moran, Garsed, Vahland, and M'Intyre. CONFIRMATION OF JIIXUTK3. On the town clerk reading the minutes of the meeting held on Monday, the 3rd instant, Cr. M'Intyre moved and Cr. Burrowes seconded their confirmation. Cr. Garsed moved an amendment—that the portion of the minutes granting permission to Denovan and Co., to mine on the lieserve, he-re ferred to the committee for further consideration. Cr. Moran seconded the amendment. The Mayor ruled that, according to the standing orders of the Council, the correctness or incorrect* nes3 of the minutes could only be questioned To rescind any resolution contained in the minutes there wai anothor and a more correct course to take. The minutes were confirmed, Crs. Garseil and Moran voting against the motion. Cr. Garsed would take the opportunity of askin» if tho seal of the Council had been attached to the permit given to Denovan and Co. The Mayor did not know, and referred to tha town clerk. The Town Clerk said he helievod that it had. Cr. Garsed: Then is it usual to adopt that course? The Town Clerk: It is not usual. Cr. Garsed: Then why adopt it in this instance! The Town Clerk said that any one to whom such a permit was granted, could have the seal of the Council attached on the following day if he re quired it. Cr. Garsed believed that to do so before tho resolution was confirmed, was perfectly illegal. The Town Clerk said it was often done. Cr. Garsed thought that in the present instance when there was so much dissatisfaction out of doors at the resolution passed by the Council at the previous mt.eting, it would at least have been a wiso course to adopt to have delayed attaching the seal of the Council to the permit to Denov.m and Co. The' Mayor was ready to admit that the course hitherto adopted by the Council might not havo been the most correct; also, to admit that there was dissatisfaction outside on this subject, but t'uo Council could not take any different action at pre sent. Cr. Aspinall said he intended to take some nction with reference to Denovan and Co.'s permit. CORRESPONDENCE. From the secretary of the Deutscher Verein, requesting the use of some timber to carry out their arrangements for holding a ball in the Orderly rooms. Granted. From J. T. Sanders, on behalf of a number ot Chinese residents in the Chinese encampment, stating that they were too highly rated, and asian for a reduction. 3 As it was too late to deal with matters connected with the assessment, the letter was merely re ceived. From a number of ratepayers, asking for improve ments to be made to the channel on the south aide of the main street at Golden-square. Cr. Bui roves having a notice of motion on the paper the sulij-et, was deferred until the motion was considered. From G. W. Knight, Riddell's Creek, question ing the correctness and judiciousness of the Coun cil's decision in appointing Mr. Steane as Town Surveyor. From G. R. B. Steane, Town Surveyor, request ing the Council to allow him to retain his appoint ment as surveyor to the Strathlieldsaye Shire Council until the end of August, as he did not wish to inconvenience his present employers. It appeared that the former communicant had been one of the unsuccessful applicants for the appoint ment, and the Council—at a subsequent period of the proceedings—took into consideration the report of the committee recommending the appointment of Mr. Steane. It appeared that Mr. Knight had forwarded a communication to some of the councillors alleging he had heard from one of the councillors, before the appointment was made, that the appointment of Town Surveyor had been a "foregone conclusion," and that he need not apply for it. Under the circumstances the Council de cided to postpone the confirmation of Mr. Steane's appointment until Mr. Knight had the opportunity given him to substantiate his allegation against the member of the Council he referred to. From the Mining Department, stating that, in the event of any application being made for a lease of the land for a water reserve in Bridge-street, it would receive tho careful consideration of the department. Received. From Joseph Parker (for self and partners), noti fying his intention to apply to the Governor i:i Council, under the authority of t-he loth section of the Mining Statute, 1865, for authority to mine under that portion of Crown lands situate within the Camp Reserve, being that por tion lituate opposite the block of ground between Mitchell and Wiiliamson streets, and south of the creek, excepted from the operation of the said "statute. From Michael Leeds giving notice of his intention to apply for another portion of the lieserve. From D. M. Williams (for self and party), giving a similar notice. From John Arnold (on behalf of the Tall Mall Reserve Company), giving a similar notice. From Charles F. Jficliolls, notifying his intention to apply to the Governor in Council for leave to mine under and upon the "Water Reserve, Bridge street. Cr. Aspinall said that as these notices of tin persons' intention to apply to the Government for permission to mine on the Reserve ware before tha Council, it would be the proper time to notice the subject, lie believed that cot only in the Council did such a feeling prevail, but outside tile feeling was totally and thoroughly opposed to mining on the Reserve at all. He would, therefore, ask the Council to write to the Government, asking them to give no such permission to any one. Notwith standing the action already taken by the Council in giving permission to Denovan and Company, let tho Council and the ratepayers protest against all mining in the Reserve. The object of the present motion would certainly have the elfect of prevent iag Denovan and Company, or any other parties, from mining in the Reserve, and that he believed would be the expression of the opinion of the rate payers generally. Cr. Garsed seconded the motion. He believed that the Council ought to protest against any such speculative mining in the Reserve as that in tended.- [Cr. M'Intyre: "Is not all inini:' speculative ? "] He thought the Council ought to wait until the reef was found in the Reserve before giving such a permission to mine. Cr. Burrowes condemned any course which dis couraged the attempt to get all the gold they couM out of the streets or reserves in the town. He lieved auy candidate for a seat in the Council would lose his election if he did not promise to oppose such applications to mine in tho town, lie would support the motion of Cr. Aspinall, if he would a id the words that all such applications should lirst have the sanction of the Borough Council. (Cr. Moran : " Denovan and Company have got that already."] At the interview which he had 011 the previous day with the secretary of the mining dex>artmcnt, he had suggested that the Government ought not to allow mining on the reserves until the applicants had obtained the sanction of the Council Cr. M'Intyre quite approved of the action taken by Cr. Burrowes in the matter, and believed that he had anticipated, 011 the previous day, in his sugges tions to Mr. Brough Smyth, the very action which the Council had taken. He (Cr. M'Intyre) thought it would be ono of the most extraordinary acts that any Council could do to allow the permission to mine in tho Reserve to be granted without allowing them first to sanction such applications. There was no disputing the fact that the Government had the right to grant these applications, but he did not believe they would do so without obtaining ti:« Council's sanction first. By tho adoption of such a course the Council would have tho oppor tunity of making such conditions, and such regulations, as would prevent the applicants injuring or defacing the reserves. In replying to the arguments of tiie opponents to allowing mining 011 the Reserve, he instanced tho cases of so many large and populous towns and cities in the old country, where tho chimney stacks of foundries aud factories emitted smoke and fumes, unpleasant, no doubt, to the more sensitive smell of somo of the resi dents, while it was borne by tho more sensible of the residents, who saw in it the source of their wealth and prosperity. The production of gold was tho mainstay of the _ whole community—the only source _ of their industry and prosperity—anil any trifling inconveniences or annoyances v."era mere trifles in comparison to its furtherance and advancement. The objections raised to the grant ing of permission to Denovan and Company were a sort of an illustration of the old fable of the dog in the manger; and because some persons could not, or would not, work the ground themselves, they now objected to anyone else doing so. Cr. Macdougall was glad that the subject of Denovan and Company's grant had been brought up. The very motion of Cr. Aspinoll was a distinct justification of the resolution arrived at by tho Council at the last meeting. It now appeared as it tha mover and secondor of this motion l^rl' Aspinall and Moran) were afraiil that the Govern ment would take tlio action which tho Council wished to prevent, by granting the permission to Donovan and Company. Ho (Cr. Macdougall) wished that Ilia reason for voting as lie did for that permission, hud been move fully made public. He had certainly, at first, opposed granting the per mission, on tho ground that it would he destructive of the Reserve, and his reason for altering liis opinion was that the town clerk (and not Cr. M'Intyre, as it had been stated) while the discussion was taking place, had communicated information to him of such a naturo that lie felt justified in changing his opinion. The town clerk had informed him that a Minister of the Crown had led him to believe that if the Council did not grant the application, similar applications would be granted by the Government. (Cr. Aspinall: "Bunkum.") Cr. Aspinall said "buuk iim," and that was the opinion of others also, but it was a fact, nevertheless. He had voted as he did in order that the Council should not abrogate its rights to the Government, and he (Cr. Mac dougall) now only inada the explanation in order to give a denial to some of those gentlemen who had been criticising his conduct out of doors. If the ratepayers were so much opposed to this applica tion, why did they not raise the opposition months ago, when Penovan and Co's application came first before tho Council'! Another explanation he wished to make was in reference to the insinua tion that ho was personally interostod in the application. Now, he could state distinctly that neither Sir. Donovan, nor any one of his party, had spoken to him one word before tho application was made, and ho could as distinctly assert that neither directly, nor indirectly, had ho any interest in it, nor was he connccttid with it in any way, shape, or form. What Cr. M'Intyre whispered to hiiu had nothing to do with his (Cr. Macdougall's) change of opinion. Cr. Burrowes moved, and Cr. M'Intyre seconded, an amendment that no applications to the Govern ment be entertained until the sanction of the Council bo obtained. Cr. Aspinall withdrew his motion, when the amendment of Cr. Burrowes and Cr. M'Intyre became the substantive motion, and was about to be put by the Mayor, when Cr. Aspinall moved a second amendment, that the subject be deferred for a week in order to give the ratepayers an opportunity of holding a public meeting to give an expression of their opinion 011 the question. Cr. Moran seconded the amendment. Cr. M'Intyre was surprised that any councillor should advocate such a course as to try and get up a meeting of the ratepayers in order to got them to coerce any section of the Council, and that section the majority. He, for one, was always willing to defer to a majority, although he believed majori ties, as a rule, were always in the wrong. As far as a public meeting was concerned he would not be afraid next day to face a public meeting 011 this very question, and he felt perfectly sure that if Cr. Aspinall attended such a meeting, he would leave it "with his tail between his legs." A sharp rejoinder was the result of Cr. M'ln tyre's remark, when the Mayor called both parties to order. The amendment was then put and lost, Crs. Aspinall, Moran, Garsed and Vahland voting for it; and the Mayor, C!rs. M'Intyre, Macdougall, Holmes and Bnrrowes against it. The motion was then carried by the same majority. GKKEUAL BUSINESS. The following reports were adopted:—Finance and General Committee, 23rd June, IS71, reoommend ing payment of accounts, general, £105 183.3d.; special loan account, £164; and acceptance of I1. O'Dwyer's tender, in Harrison-street, £27 10s.; and 30th June,recommending payment, general account, £33 os. (id.; loan account, £50; and acceptance O'llegan's tender for carting metal, &c.;, at Is. 3d. per cubic yard. PURCHASE OP THE BENDIGO WATERWORKS COMPANY. TIio Water Supply Committee reported as follows:—"A letter was received from the chair man of the Bendigo "Water "Works Company asking to meet them in reference to taking steps for an act of Parliament, ou which the following resolu tion was passed, on the motion of Cr. M'liilyre:—1The Water Supply Committee do not see the use of meeting Mr. Carler until all costs of the actions instituted by tlie Council are paid; also an agreement from the company to part with its properly at the sum stated, viz., £10,000; as clie committee consider they cannot recommend the Council to take any action towards tho obtaining of any act until these two points are satisfactorily settled. Resolved that the proceedings pending in the Court of Petty Sessions be withdrawn, the Mayor and Cr. Aspinall voting against it. Resolved that the following memos of agreement (on the motion of Cr. M'Intyre) be signed by the Mayor and the Chairman of the Bendigo "Waterworks Company :— " Tho Borough Council of Sandhurst agree to pur chase the whole of the property of the Bendigo Waterworks, excepting the Reservoir No. 1, at Golden-square, for the sum of £40,000, provided | that an Act of Parliament is obtained authorising ; the said company to dispose of the said property to the said Council. It being a condition of the pur chase that the company shall unite with the Council jointly to secure such act, and pay one-half the cost thereof, such purchase money to be paid by Government Debenture*, leaving 5 per cent, in terest, running over a period of twenty-one years, and I, Godfrey Downs Carter, on behalf of the Bendigo "Waterworks Company, agree to sell to the Borough Council of Sandhurst the whole of the company's property, as above, on the said terms. It is mutually agreed that that agreement shall only hold good for a term of six months from that date, an i during the term of that agreement, or any extension thereof, the Council shall abstain from any prosecution against the said company, and theCouucil will discountenance any attempt of other persons to take proceedings against tile said company so far as they can." The report was adopted without discussion. A large number of mining applications were raid a first time, and postponed ior u week. The other business on the notice paper was post poned, and the Council adjourned to Tuesday at seven o'clock. Concert Rooms in Connection "with Public Houses,—A decision was given in the Supreme Court on Thursday in Smith appellant v. M'Cornrick (respondent) relative to tlie forfeiture of publichouse licenses •where there is a concert- room attached to the licensed house. William Smith, the keeper of the Exchange Hotel, Ballarat, had his license forfeited by the magistrates for having allowed one of the rooms to be used as a con cert-room. The section of the Publicans Act under which the information was laid, pro vided that if any keeper of a licensed house shall permit any room or portion of such house or the appurtenances thereof, or any building or place adjacent thereto, to be used or occupied as a dancing, concert, or theatrical saloon, or as a place of common resort to to which persons shall be admitted by ticket or otherwise, he shall be liable, on proof thereof, to a forfeiture of his license. In Smith's case no charge was made for admis sion, and no admission took place "by ticket or otherwise." It was there fore contended that the act did not apply. Bat the Court was of opinion that the mere fact of having a concert-room in connexion with the hotel was sufficient cause for the forfeiture of the license. The words relating to the admission "by ticket or other wise referred not to the dancing, concert, or theatrical saloon, but to "a place of common resort." This judgment will decide the case of the Colosseum and of the Continental Caf'N.—Argus. Liability of Shareholders in Mining Companies Working on Freehold Land.— In the Supreme Court on Thursday the ques tion was raised in Cooper v. Adair whether the Mining Companies Act related to com panies formed for the purpose of mining on private land. The defendant was sued for calls in the Barfold Estate Company, which was ordered to be wound-up, but disputed liis liability on the ground that the company worked on freehold land. Mr. Justice Moles worth was at one time of opinion that the act did not apply to such companies, but the full Court held on Thursday that it did apply.— Argus. Immense Screw Steamer.—Messrsr Laird Brothers, of the Birkenhead Ironworks, on 9th May successfully floated from one of their building docks an immense iron screw steam ship, which was christened the Spain. She will have four masts and two funnels, is 437 feet in length, 43 feet breadth of beam, 2S feet 8 inches dopth of hold from the main deck, and 4,000 tons burden, builder's mea surement, has accommodation for 120 first-class passengers, and 1,400 steerage The Spain has been built for the National Steamship Company, and will be put on that company's line between Liverpool and New York. The Emperor Napoleon is still suffering; at Cunulen House, from severe rheumatic pains, and Dr. Gull lias been summoned to the consultations of his Majesty's medical advisers. The Emperor, we learn, is much annoyed that his indisposition has of late rendered it impossible for him to reply, as he had wished, to the many kind and sympathic communications which lie has not ceased to to receive since his arrival in England. A Monster Petition.-The withdrawal of the English Government Licensing Billhas saved Parliament from some unique petition de mi nstrations. The petition against the Bill from Birmingham alone was signed by some 70,000persons, andhadtobecarried inside the House on men's backs. In bulk it may appropriately be compared to an ordinary beer-barrol. - A Ghost at Burnt "Bridge.—The local correspondent of the Ballvrat Slar writes:— For some time past strange stories have been related of an apparition said to seen ill an nninhabitated house at Burnt Bridge. Some of our spirited young men at Lai Lai boldly volunteered to ascertain the truth of the existence of the ghost by seeking an inter view. Having secured a Crimean veteran, Charles Baird, for their leader, a squad of twelve paid a nocturnal visit to the scene, distant about five miles. At intervals the spectre made its .appearance as was its wont, enveloped in white and carried a light that shone with uncommon brilliancy; and from the house issued a noise like that produced by wheelingabarrowup and down a stair. My informant, the leader of the adventurous party, states that he was completely paralysed from what he saw—his legs trembled and his hair stood on end. So con vinced is lie that all lie saw and heard was unearthly, that, to use his own words, ho would rather face a charged mitrailleuse in the hands of an enemy than enter the chamber ill which the spectre was seen. I hear that two deaths under peculiar circumstanccs—one i case of self-destruction—took place in the haunted building, and that the bodies are in terred in the field adjoining." Missruo.—We alluded a day or two ago to the disappearance from home of a lady who was believed to be suffering from serious mental depression, and who left her home 011 Monday afternoon. It was then men tioned that it was lilcely that she had gone to Brighton Beaeli, and that she took with her a volume of Gordon's poems —" Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes." We learn that she is still absent from home, and that all the searches that have been made have failed to discover her. The only traces of her that have been found are her gloves, which were picked up in the scrub near the Retreat Hotel, at Brighton, and the fact that she was seen walking along reading a book aloud, apparently the book of Gordon's poems. It was also discovered that she left town by the 4.11 p.m. train on Monday, and got out at Middle Brighton station. This is all that has up to the present time been ascertained respecting her. With a view of as much as possible aiding the search, we repeat the description of the missing lady:—She is about twenty-two years of age, slight erect figure, brown eyes and hair, regular features. She wore a blue rep dress, with black trim mings, a tight-fitting black velvet jacket, dark hat and black feather. Auy informa tion about her will be gladly received by Mr. Charles A. Poole, Bayview-terrace, Roden street, North Melbourne.—Argus. A French Dwarf.—Amongst tlie exiles from France which the late disastrous war has driven to our shores, not the least re markable is the graceful little lady who has been daily holding levbes in the Burlington Gallery. Tlie Princess Felicie, as her ex hibitors have cliristencd her, is a genuine dwarf, a real living Lilliputian. She is, per haps, the smallest female yet exhibited in London, one beside whom Miss Minnie Warren would be almost a giantess. Like Miss Minnie, the Princess Felicie is the child of parents of the ordinary station, who , liaYe accompanied her over to England from her native province. She is now in her ninth year, measures scarcely nineteen inches in height, and weighs just six pounds. She is of perfect symmetry in limb and feature, and altogether a pleasing and gentle child. The Princess was presented to and most graciously noticed by the Emperor and Empress of the French a very short time before the commencement of the war. Death of a Tutor of Loud Byron.—There died at Moutrose, on 25tli April the Rev. Dr. Paterson, minister of the second chargc of the parish, at the advanced age of ninety three. In Moore's " Life of Lord Byron" there appear extracts from a journal which the poet once, began under the title of " My Dictionary." In this " Dictonary" Byron, writing during his stay in Aberdeen, and re ferring to a new teacher, says, " He was a very devout, clever little clergyman, named Ross, afterwards a minister of one of the kirks (East, I think). Under him I made as tonishing progress, and I recollect to this day his mild manners and good-natured painstak ing. . . . Afterwards I had a very serious, saturnine, but kind }Toung man, named Pat erson, for a tutor. He was the son of my shoemaker, but a good scholar, as is common with the Scotch. He was a rigid Presbyterian also. With him I began Latin in Ruddiman's grammar, and continued till I went to the grammar school." There seems little doubt that this was the Paterson who has just died. He was the son of a schoolmaster, and after wards assisted Ross in tlie East Church. He would be about seventeen years of age when he taught Byron—an age at which poor Stotcli students begin to teach to help to keep them at college. Wood Carpet.—The new wood carpeting which is coming into extensive use in America may be thus described:—The fabric is made of slats or more ornamental shapes, glued or cemented upon a cloth backing. The slats or strips, of wood are of different colours, and are arranged to produce all the effects of tesselated floors and mosaic work, and being adout J inch in thicknes, they will wear many years. They are linished in oil, and fit to gether so tightly that the joints are as perfect as those in inlaid work. The surface thus produced can therefore be scrubbed, washed, and oiled, when needed, precisely like other floors made of ornamental woods, which floors they resemble in all respects when laid. Curious Legend.—Confab between en quiring stranger and a steamboat pilot.— " That is Black Mountain?" " Yes, sir: highest mountain about Lake Georgo." "Any story or legend connected with that mountain!" " Lots of 'em. Two lovers went up that mountain once and never came back again. "Indeed, why, what be came of them!" " Went down on the other side." 