A CROW BOY'S MIND. Tr is not easy in any country, and' especially in England, where case, though theoretically non-existing, is a practical fact," for the different classes of society to understand mell other intimately. And not only floss, but sex and age form a barrier that it is difficult to exercise. Women continually complain that men do not understand them, and mon bring the same accusation against women. The rich, although they may sympathise with, and the kind and charitable to the poor, do not know the right method of getting into their confidence, and very seldom take possession of their sympathies and the poor, in like manner, have idiosyncrasies which prevent them from thinking with the thoughts of the rich, or as thoroughly confiding in them as they would in people in their own rank of life. The workman walks in a different mental atmosphere from that which surrounds , his employer and the employer, however willing to cultivate friendly feelings, is seldom able to establish intimate relations between himself and the people to whom he pays wages. What does my lord know of his game- keeper, or the gamekeeper of my lord is What does Dives know about Lazarus, or Lazarus about Dives ? What does the wise man know of the fool, and vice versa 1 Or the honest man prosperous in Ano lines and broad cloth of the shabby thief who steals his pocket-handkerchief, or of the more dashing rascal, who breaks into houses-or forges notes í Nothing. There is a shadowy, impalpable, invisible, but real and unmistakable, veil between them, which, though it does not hide each from the other, distorts the vision like a false medium. We neither see ourselves as others see us, nor do we see others as they really exist. It was once my fancy to try and get into the mind and thoughts of a cowboy, aged about fifteen, and a very difficult task I found it. I am not sure that I succeeded, and that my labour was not thrown away. The difficulties that beset the attempt were the dis- parity of age and of social condition. I endeavoured to take off the armour of caste, and approach him as fellow-creature to fellow-creature ; but, though I carefully, as I thought, divested myself of my coat of mail, he was long before he took off his, possibly be cause he did not know that he were any I first established a talking acquaintance with him, in my daily walks across the fields where he was stationed, to a favourite piece of woodland scenery, which I haunted for its beauty. Our discourse was of the weather and of the crown, and often of his appetite and his dinner, ii I came across him at noon, when it was his custom to sit upon vanilla if the weather were cloudy, and under a tree if it were warm and sunny cutting Mb bunch of bread and bacon with a single bladed pocket-knife. Sometimes I endeavoured to drn w him into conversation about a little boat, which, when not engaged with more important business or his dinner, or in throwing stones and shouting at the crows, he amused himself by scooping out of a clump of wood. For a long time, however, my success was but indifferent. He was by no means stupid, nor unusually shy, had a frank, open face, and such a development of brain, as, with proper education, might have fitted him for playing any part in the world, with fully the average credit, if not with more. But (the armour of case was upon him, as he seemed to have more confidence in me than the crows had in him and, though he answered my questions in the friendliest spirit, there was something in his manner which implied that there would be little use in my talking to him or his talking to me, that in short there could be no companionship of thought between two persons so differently placed. But I was not discouraged by a reticence, which was instinctive rather than wilful, and I endeavoured as well as I could to warm him into confidence. If he had been only seven or eight years old, I should have tried the effect of a fairy tale, which I have always found to be an infallible recipe for opening the hearts of very little people of both sexes, but he was in the third year of his teens, and, worse than all, had indulged in the masculine vice of smoking, and was consequently too much of a little man in his own estimation to believe in dragons, ogres, and fairies, though possibly he believed in ghosts and witches. I ascertained that he could not read without great difficulty. Consequently it was of no use to bribe him with " Robinson Crusoe ; " or a history of adventure with lions, tigers, pirates, or robbers ; or tales of travel and shipwreck, which tolerably educated boys are so fond of reading. How was I to show him that I was his friend ? A gift of money might help ; but it involved the danger of demoralisa- tion, which I was anxious not to incur. At last an idea struck me. Coming upon him one sunny forenoon, as he sat on a bank busily scooping away at his little boat with his unusually blunt knife, I told him that I had something for him in my pocket. I " Sixpence r " inquired he. "No-something better." , A shilling ? " " No, not money-something better still. Thus speaking, I drew from my pocket a knife with two big blades of different sizes, two small blades, a corkscrew, a gimlet, and a Baw. The sight of this seven- fold treasure drew from him the sharp and joyous exclamation, "Oh, my !" while his eyes sparkled to twice their usual brightness and bigness. " Oh, my ! and is it for me ? " " Yes, for you I bought it in London on purpose to give it you ; but they say it's unlucky to make presents of knives or scissors because they cut friendship. Will you buy it for a penny ? " " I ain't got a penny," said he " but I shall have one on Saturday." " Well, I shall trust you till then. Meanwhile you can have the knife." He took it from my hand, opened each blade successively, and looked for a few minutes with a satisfaction that was really unspeakable at every little apparatus ; then shut them one after the other ; then opened them again ; then shut them up and finally, catching sight of a flock of crows, broke into a shout, less intended for scaring away the birds than as an expression of glee at his new acquisition. Wordsworth says of the senses " that with that key | Shakespeare unlocked his heart." I thought to myself that with that many bladed knife I had fairly opened my way into that crow- boy's confidence. And so it turned out. Little more passed between us that day, and I left him alone with his treasure. From that time forth he seemed to have no secrets from me, and talked unreservedly, as to a person of his own age, unless when I prompted him with questions, and led him on to topics which would not naturally have presented themselves to his mind, and which, when presented, only seemed of importance to him because deemed them so. He did not disclose himself to me all at once, but gradually as our mutual humour allowed. His name was Tom Beck. He was the fifth of a family of eleven four boys and seven girls-of whom eight survived. His father was a farm-labourer, earning fourteen shillings a week. His mother had been a ser vant-of-all-work in a small family, and added something, though not much, to the family income by taking in washing. They had a little garden and a pig ; got presents of tea and flannel occasionally from a charitable society; had the privilege of getting sticks for fuel in the neighbouring woods and planta- tions ; got coal at half-price from the coal store established by the squire and the parish gentry and managed to jog along somehow. His elder brother was a labourer, and married, and the younger children all began to earn a little as soon as they were ten years old, by weeding in the season, if it were only sixpence or a shilling a week. Tom himself earned four shillings a week as a crow busy, but had to be at his post seven days in the week in the spring season, as the crows didn't take no account of Sundays." All the family slept in one room. He had never been to any school but a Sunday school ; could read a little, but could not write or 1 read writing. Had never heard of the multiplication table, but knew that twice two were four, and twice i ten twenty. Did not know how many eight times eight were, but could count up, he thought, on his fingers, | or with stones or bits of stick. Had heard the Bible , read, and could repeat the Creed and the Lord's j Prayer. Had heard of the Mount of Olives, but did I not know where it was. He had never heard of the. Alps, the Pyrenees, or the Andes. Had heard of the river Jordan. Had never heard of the Thames, the Rhine, or the Mississippi. Had heard of the Dead Sea. Did not know whether it was in England or not. Had never heard of the Atlantic Ocean. Had heard of Jesus Christ everybody had. He was the son of Abraham and the Virgin Mary. He (Tom Beck)' was a Christian. All of us were Christians, except die dogs and horses, and birds and animals. Some dogs were as good as Christians-" they knowed such a deal and he sometimes thought as how the old crows were Christians; they were so uncommon sharp. Had often seen arnold crow fasten itself upon a sheep's back, and pull the world out of its back to help build its nest with. Thought that was more like a Christian than a crowd was so jolly knowing. Crows were not frightened by scarecrows as he had often seen them sit on the old has top of them, and saw, case, as much as to say, " We don't care, we don't for such stupid old rubbish tip this !" He thought all birds were too cunning to be afraid after the first " go." Just at first they might be cleared, but after a day or so they got used to scarecrows; and he had known starlings build their nests in them, He once took some tailings out of a nest in the stupidest old guy of a scarecrow he had (overseen. If scarecrows who of any good, there would be no need of crow-boys. His master would not let him have a gun to shoot at the birds. He wished he would. Said he was not old enough ; but he know ed better, and would like nothing so much as to blaze away at them. Crows were afraid of stores and guns, but as for dead men (scarecrows), the crows occurs soon found out as they could do 'me no harm, had heard of heavenly place where all the people as were poor in this world were to be rich, and wear golden crowns, and where the squires and suchlike were to be poor, and not able to get so much as a drop of water when they were thirsty, let alone beer. He did not think this arrangement was unfair. ITc would like, however, to be rich in this world, and run the chance of the next. Had heard of the devil. Did not understand much about him. Thought he had great eyes like the red lights of a steam engine, horns on his head, and a long tail with which he could last down a whole plantation of trees if he liked. Could not say as he was much heard of him. His father warn't. He believed people would be punished if they did wrong, especially if they was found out Hadn't thought much about it. Where was the use ? Parsons understood it he didn't, and (ind wasn't a going to try till he was older and then he supposed he should know as much about it as other folks. Had never thought much of what he would like to be when a man. Supposed he should be a farm-labourer, like his father and his brother. Wouldn't mind if he were a soldier. Should rather like it, but was not sure. All the chaps as he heard in, who went for soldiers, went because they had got into scrapes with the " gala." His brother always talked of going for a soldier when he was out of luck, afore he got married. If he, Tom, could be what he liked, he thought he should be a game- keeper or a poacher. Them was the chaps that lived a jolly life, especially the gamekeepers. Didn't see any harm in poaching. As why The squire didn't feed the partridges, the pheasants, and the hares, as he did his horses and dogs. Besides, why should the squires have all the fun ? He didn't see why a poor boy mightn't have a shot, if he liked. It was better to be a gamekeeper than a poacher, because the gamekeeper was never sent to quod as the poachers was. Poachers wasn't always caught, however, 'so many gamekeepers was poachers themselves once, and didn't like to be too hard upon their claims. Did he know any poachers ? Yes, a good many, but he wasn't going to tell on 'em. He often in the long winter nights went to the Fox and Goose, the beershop in the village, where they used to meet, and have a smoke and a pint of beer, and sing songs. They sang such songs as All Round my Hat, Down in Cupid's Garden, Success to the Barley Mow, Betsy Baker, and Ceaso Rude Boreas. Had heard 'em Bing 'Tis jMy Delight on a Shiny Night. It was a poaching song, but they didn't often sing about poaching. They liked to sing about the gals, and going a-court ing. A favourite song was the Honest Ploughman. Almost everybody as he knowed on could sing it he could sing some on it himself, not all. He had it by heart, and could say some of it off, but didn't like to sing just then, with only one man listening to him, and no baccy and beer abouts He liked to hear a good song, and so did father. Father could sing prime, though he often said as the hard times had took all the singing out of him. He supposed he should have to labour on the farm 1 when he growed up. Would rather do that than be a groom, or a coachman, or a gentleman's servant. He'd like to be a gamekeeper better than anything else in the world, because gamekeepers had to do with birds and animals, and he was fond on 'em. He was an ' common fond of' dogs, but not of horses. Had a terrier bitch of his own, which was a famous one for rate. Was offered five shillings for her, but he wouldn't sell her, no, not for five pounds. Had never seen five pounds all at once, but knew it was a lot of , tin, and should like to have it ; but he wouldn't part with Trip tor five pounds, nor for six neither. She had four pups last week, and he wouldn't mind sell- ing the pups for a shilling apiece. He had a weasel once as he had turned, and it used to sleep in his lap, and crawl up his arm to sit upon his shoulder ; but it fell in one day with a wild weasel and ran away with it, and he never saw it again. He was very fond of birds nesting, and knew the eggs of all the birds, and the most likely places to find 'em in. Of all the birds in the air, the hawk was the bravest and the prettiest, though the gamekeepers were main savage against them for killing the partridges and pheasants. He thought as how hawks had as much a right to live as partridges, and as how the shooting of too many hawks was bad, in : less people would shoot off the Bparrers and the pinches. The finches did more harm than hawks did; hawks didn't do no harm to farmers that he knowed on ; but them finches and parrots did gobble up such lots of grain and birds as no-one I knowed but them ka watched 'em. Howls, too, was I nobby birds, and oughtn't to be shot. He liked to hear 'em in the night, enjoy in of 'emselves. A howl was as jolly a bird as ever was. Yes, if he was a gamekeeper, he knowed he'd have to shoot the howls, all of 'em did ¡ along of the game ; but as most likely he never should have the luck to be a gamekeeper, he wouldn't shoot a howl, even if he had a gun. He'd much rather shoot the crows, and the sparrows, and them finches as picked out all the buds off the apple and pear trees, and the gooseberry and currant bushes. Eat grubs ? No, they didn't. He knowed they didn't, not one on 'cm. Yes, he thought he should like to have learning', if he could get it. But there warn't a school nearer than five miles from his father's cottage and ten miles walking every day, specially in the rain, warn't no treat. The readin' and spelling' at the Sunday school didn't do much good. He forgot in the week most of' what he'd formed on the Sunday. Would like to be able to write, at least he thought so, but he wasn't quite sure. Father and mother couldn't write. Father couldn't read. What would his father do when he was too old to work ? Why, go to the House, to be sure-the union. His grandfather was in the union now, and his grandfather's father had been in the House, and died in it. He supposed that he should have to go there, if he proved to be an old man, and couldn't work. Why not? It was his right. Them as paid the poor-rates had a right to live. They warn't dogs or donkeys, to be left to die in a. ditch. No, he had never been in London. His sister had. She lived there was a cook to a gentleman it-, kept a shop in Whitechapel, Oh my, didn't blue dress, that was all ! Come down to see the old folks once or twice a year, and such a dashed ! Such a thing bob, a chignon some call it, as big as a drumhead cabbage, stuck stop of her poll and a silk dress too, and a parasol. It made mother stare, it did, to see how she was rigged out. No ; she never gave any of her money to mother, but brought father a little baccy for a Christmas-box. Should like to go to London to live, but hadn't no chance. He couldn't do anything as London folks wanted, except run errands, perhaps ; but liked crow minding far better nor that. Was raining to do all kinds of farm work when he had a chance. Could do a little hedges and ditches', and had once tried to plough, but wasn't strong enough. He thought when he was about eighteen or nineteen he should be able to earn good wages, as much as twelve or fourteen shillings a week. He should be a man then, and could do as he liked smoke, drink, and get married. Too young to get married at nineteen ? No ; the chaps hereabouts didn't think so, nor the gals neither. Such was my crow boy's mind as exhibited by himself in many communications. Such was Tom Beck, such were his wishes and hopes, and such his views of the world and things in general. It will be seen that he was not vicious, nor stupid, but only inert and in developed and that the seeds of good were abundantly latent in him, if there had been any springtime and sunshine to draw them forth. Will the new Education Act reach him' and such as he and inspire the agricultural labouring class with the self-reliance that springs from true knowledge, however limited it may be It is to be hoped so. A labourer who labours until his back is bowed with age and sorrow, with no resources after that time but public charity, may be a very good man in his humble and wretched way, but. she's not a good citizen of-a free and progressive State, or an ornament to our civilization. Ino raw i material of the English peasant k class is as good as 'that; of any peasantry in the world perhaps better; of 9 The ballad referred to is to be found among the Catnach collections, once, and possibly still, so popular among the rural; classes. It describes the condition of a farm-labourer " ninety years ago a time when the farmers' wives milked the cows, and did not wear dandy veils, and gowns made out of silks, and play " the penny." The honest ploughman took a wife to himself when twenty-five. Though poor, they could keep a pig and a cow. The wife Would sit and knit and spin, and he the land would plough, There nothing was upon a farm at all, he could not do, He found things was different now, 'was many years ago. labourers lived very contented," and banished pain and grief, and had no occasion to apply for relief to the parish. " But now," continues the song, with a hit at the unpopular Poor Law- i hint now that I am feeble grown, and poverty do feel, II for relief I go, they shove me into a Whig bastile, Km when a man has laboured all his life, to do his country good, lie's respected about as much as a donkey in a wood. The days are past, and he may weep, in misery and woe, 'I the times are very different now to ninety years ago. things most-but it has not hitherto been manufactured into it pin the dearly excellent article, except now and then, the article soldier," when the raw material happened to be drunk or desperate, Or in the muzzy state that lies between the two. The Scottish peasantry, who are well educated, and have been for the last two centuries and more, are not contented to remain peasants. Why should there be a difference between them and their English fellow-labourers? And if there be a difference between the two, may not education remove it? All the Year Round. 