THE fla-:eur in Sydney. Theee seems to have been no lack of wholesome . excitement this week, bat plenty of excuse for rash- j ing into all kinds of mild dissipation. The Metro politan Exhibition siain, the Agricultural Meeting at Singleton, the Hawkesbury Races ; some ' sensa tional ' trials at the Supremo Court; the shipment, of stock, passengers, hii-1 cargo to Northern Aus tralia; the celebration of the centenary of Sir Walter Scott; the deliiory of a pro-Catholic and anti-Orange lecture, followed by the agreeable out buist of three cheers for the Qaeen ; and the occur rence of several other novelties, have served to keop public attention from subsiding into a condition of somnolency. The Governor has had his share of work to do in connection with some of theEe matters ; and a record of the wei-k's proceedings will show that the idea now tind then encouraged in some quarters — to the i-ff. ct that the duties of bis Excel lency could be di.-char!»'-d by an ingeniously con structed automaton— is not quite consistent with fact and sound judgment. As to the celpbration of tho hundredth year of Walter Scott's birih, I should like to point oul how completely my anticipations were fulfilled when I saw who had et-'pp' d to the front ; but as this would at once convict me of the charge of egotism — to which some of those g* nilemen have subjected themselves — perhaps I had better avoid it. However, I antici pated that, in some cases, there would be a great deal of talking about themselves, and very little ab iut the builder of Abbotsford and his writings. A s to Curly le, and his bitterness ! I i remember that Dr. l-ang, in his History of New [ South Wales, was very severe, but deservedly so, on j political renegades, referring especially to the case j of Sir Francis Burdett, as similar to that ef our | Australian politician Wentworth ; and as Carlyle, j or the Hermit of Chelsea, as his admirers have long i called him, took a similar course of gyration, to use , his own words, I don't suppose that many will think j much of his opinions of Scott. There can be no i doubt that Sir Walter had greatly purified tte | British taste with regard to novel reading. Peregrine | Pickle, Tom Joned, Tristram Shandy, Boderick | Bandom, and stories of that kind were much ' read by the intellectual and educated pare ! of the community, because the ability and I wit which pervaded them could not fail to be ap- j predated; while their vicious, or at least lewd, tone j excluded them from all libraries accessible to ladies or the young during the last forty years. But Scott's writings presented nosuch o1 jeetiona. How ever, I don't want to pursue the subject. If those had the management of the celebration had voted for a ball and promenade— or a promenade , concert, with the introduction of some of the more conspicuous characters of Scott's novels and poems — and a supper afterwards, there would still have been plenty of opportunity for them to talk about them selves. As it happened, the whole affair fell fiat ; and it is likely that the Governor was glad enough to get away from it. The worst of it is that those whose who 'made a cull' on this occasion will probably not have an opportunity of bettering it a hundred years hence. Ib every celebrity to bo raked up, though, every hundred years, and made a peg to hang self laudation upon P I hope not ; but I see that they have got hold of Mr. William Caxtnn in Melbourne, and propose to impale him in a similar way. If all other men who have made their mark upon their gene ration since the old printer set up his preiis in West minster are to have thoir centenaries celebrated in the same manner as Scott's was here, we may not unreasonably expect a visitation of indignant ghosts to protest against such proceedings. ' Let us alone,' they might say ; 'we suffered enough in our lives and you might permit us to rest peacefully in onr graves.' Poor William Shakespeare has suffered ghostly martyrdom in this way often enough, and if he oould deal with his persecutors, I think he would fV.ow them that he didn't like it. So that man in the far west, of whom we have heard so much any time during the last eighteen or twenty years, seems to bftv? turned up again, if re liance is to be placed on the statements of Andrew Huro.e. J*ow t coqfess that I am not one of those toho do piaco reliance upon those statements. In fact, I am becoming altogether incredulous of travellers' stories, unless -thoroughly corroborated and authenticated. Do you know that I have strong doubts about Dr. Livingstone. We have heard so much of him during many years past, while all the time he fails to put in an appearance, that I think any cautious person is warranted in doubting his existence, or whether he ever did exist. As to the man in the west, he hoB so often been denied, and so many times identified with an old man kangaroo, or some other will denizen of the woods, that the very mention of him sets mo doubting. There is a colonial expression with reference to matters of this kind, to the effect that you had better believe it than look for proof, and it appears to me that there is sound philosophy in the advice; but how if you are not able to believo it, I pray you ? There is always something very much in tho way of belief in things that are repugnant or contradictory to common sense. I suppose that it was an article of implicit belief in Paris not very many years ago — or if not in Paris, at least in other parts of the empire while it was still Napoleonic, — that the figure on the top of the column in the Place Vendome was a faith ful representative of the grand, generous, and heroio qualities of the hero of Lodi, as the Caesar of his day ; and yet we hear of it being thrown prostrate to the ground, and the copper ornaments being sent off to the mint to be coincd into sous pieces, and thus go into general circulation — a Similar destiny to that which old Napoleon is said to have consigned the silver effigies of tho twelve apostles. I was reminded of the degradation of the Vendome column by bearing that the tablets in tbe Exhibition Building at Red tern, bearing the name of a late Mayor of the city, had been taken down, and replaced by bricks. Was any especial satire in tended by thiB introduction of beicks instead of the HayorP They used to give him credit for being one himself. But fleeting is popularity; and none know how long it may last 1 The last Fiji papers give tho state of political parties according to the recent elections, and if that calculation is correct, tho Delegates, who were to meet on the 9th of this month, would show about about five Ministerialists, or ' moderates,' and three resolute opponents of tho present order of things. It seems to be proposed that the future Government shall be a mixture of monarchy and republicanism, but how it is propoeed to buy King Cacobau out is not exactly clear. A clerk and a sergeant-at-arms have been appointed to the Chamber of Delegates, so very feir progress is being mado in the establish ment of aristocratic institutions, beeideB which we hear that active negotiations are in progress for placing the Cannibal Ielands under a similar form of Government to that of Hawaii. Consuls and deputv Consuls are in course of manufacture, and there is already a strong under-current of monarchical and aristocratic feel in?. Referring to one of the late candidates, a correspondent of a Levuka paper sneer ingly remarks, 'He has summoned Bardolph, Pym, and Pistol to fight his battles,' and goes on to ?tate pretty broadly that the individual alluded to, whoever he is, had got sailors from the forecastle of a ship to blow his trumpet for him. I think I can sea pretty plainly either one or other of two things — that is, either that Cacobau or Thakambau, will havo to cave in very shortly, or will be obliged to make his Parliament do so, as a matter of self preservation. I gave yon such an unreasonably long communica tion last week that I believe I shall be only too willingly cxcuscd for cutting the matter rather short on the present occasion, especially as there does not appear to be anything very much to praise in the seven days' events, and it would be rather too pre sumptuous to be always taking the character of Public Censor. If people want anything to criticise they may find plenty to-day, in various quarters, and amongst tho rest there is to bo some practice in shooting at the Volunteer Rifle Butts, when our embryo army will try the Sneider rifles, in the presence of the Premier, and 1 conduit ?, of course, of Major Windeyer, who, now that he sees a regular force organized, must roeret the precipitancy with which he retired on his rank, as thero would be a fair chance of hiB becoming n LirMitenant-Oolonel, if not also of obtaining the Victoria Cross. I don't lose eight of the action that, was tried at the Supreme Court this week, or cf tho extraordinary verdict that was given ; hut it appears to me that no great good could be done b.v following the matter further in this place. The decision of Mr. Justice Hargrave in a later case, ordering a prohibition to be isBued in respect of a fine of £10 imposed upon Dr. Mofiitt, for alleged breach of the Stamp Act, is of more general interest, and may perhaps put a Btop to a great deal of perjury in the recently profitable informer line of business. — Empire. 