PASTOEAL LETTE11 OF THE EIGHT EEV. DE. MURE AY, BISHOP OF MAITLAND. James, by the Grace of God and of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Maitland, to the Catholic Clebgy and Laity of the Diocese of Maitland. ?, Deadly Beloved Brethren and Chil lDEEN in Oheist,— I have been anxious for some time to address you a few words on a subject witick, I am a aware, has for the last twelve months engaged your attention and called forth the deep sympathy and the reli gious feeling of Christendom. I refer to the veneration and honour which the Catholic Church has ever paid to the Glorious Patri arch St. Joseph, which, within the last few months, at the request of the Catholic Bishops, lately assembled in Eome, and of their faith ful nooks, has been encouraged and enhanced by the Vicar of Christ, who, by a solemn decree of the Sacred Congregation of Bites, dated 8th Dec. last, was pleased to place himself and all the pastors and faithful of the Church under the especial patronage of St. Joseph, by appointing him the guardian, the protector, and the patron of tEe Universal Church, and ordaining at the same time that his festival, which occurs on the 19th day of March, should be celebrated for the future as a double of the first class. This pleasing in telligence cannot fail to fill the hearts of true Catholics throughout the world with senti ments of the greatest joy and delight, who in these times of trouble which afflict the Church of God and her infallible head, will not cease to offer their fervent prayers to this Great Saint, that, as of old he guarded and protected from all insult and danger the Saviour of the world and the divine founder of the Catholic Church, he may now by his powerful intercession obtain liberty for his Vicar, and the blessings of peace and pros perity for the Universal Church. The Great Pontiff, Benedict XIV, informs us that the Fathers assembled at the General CouKcil of Constance at the suggestion of Chancellor Gerson, decreed to pay special honor to St. Joseph, and to invoke his special patronage, in order that the terrible schism at that time, rending the seamless robe of Christ, might be extinguished. It is unnecessary, my dear brethren, to say that great are the evils under which the Church of God is groaning in this age. The Holy Father has been robbed of the temporal possessions given to him and to the holy apostolic see, by the piety of past ages,' in order to secure his independence and liberty of action in governing the Universal Church ; — he is now a prisoner in Eome, left completely at the mercy of most wicked and designing men, places have been taken by brute force, and his protests against the in vasion of his dominions and his property have, so far, been unheeded. These wicked men 'have assailed the Church of Christ and inflicted obloquy on her supreme head, her doctrines have been rejected, and her authority has been set aside ; her sacred rights have been trampled under foot, and ecclesiastical property plundered. Bishops and other distinguished men, devoted to the interests of the Church, harassed in every way ; religious communities dispersed, im pious books of all kinds and immoral jour nals spread abroad on every side ; the educa tion of youth wrested from the Catholic clergy and handed over to the teachers of error and iniquity. Such are the evils de scribed by the present Glorious Pontiff, who, filled with alarm at the dangers and evils that hang over the world, deplores the impiety and corruption of morals, the unbridled license and the contagion of every kind of de praved opinion, vice, crime, and the violation of all laws, divine and human, so widely dif fused that not only our most holy religion, but human society itself, is fearfully afflicted and convulsed. But there is a God of justice in Israel who will at the proper- time avenge these cruel wrongs, whose hand has not been shortened, and whose power to protect the weak from the oppression of the strong and to raise the fallen, has not been diminished. What has happened Emperors and Kings in times gone by will surely fall on the heads of those wicked men who have invaded the patrimony of St. Peter, and taken forcible possession of ? Home, the City of the Popes, the home and property of all Catholics. This wrong shall cease, this evil design and robbery like many other attempts shall fail, for whosoever falls upon this stone shall be broken to pieces, and upon whomsoever it falls it shall grind him to powder. 'Let God ariso and let his enemies be scattered, and let them that hate him flee from before his face.' As smoke vanisheth so let them vanish away, as wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God. And, again, why have the Gentiles raged and the people devised vain things ? ' The Kings of the earth stood up and the Princes met together .against the Lord, and against his Christ. Let us break their bonds asunder, and let us cast away their yoke from us; 'He that dwelleth in Heaven shall laugh at them, and the Lord shall deride them. ' Viewing the general disorder and so many evils which afflict the Church, we are not surprised that the Holy Father and the Bishops of the Church should liave thought fit to decree special honors to St. Joseph, who nursed our . Lord himself, with the view of securing his patronage Over the entire Christian people, and selected him above all other Saints for a dignity so sublime, and an office of such impor tance. Divine wi sdom, my dear Brethren, des tined St. Joseph to fill here on earth the most honorable position that was ever witnessed by angols or men, he was chosen among all the children of men to be the Spouse of the ever Immaculate Virgin, to be her. helpmate and protector in all dangers and trials, to be her strength and support in all her wants and difficulties. By this close union he was to become the reputed father of the eternal Son of God, borne in the fulness of time of this spotless Virgin, and as such to nurse him, care him, and to perform all the duties of a tender and affectionate father. By the all wise counsels of Providence he was to hold in relation to the Saviour of the world, the place of the eternal Father, and to be his re presentative on earth, 'He was truly the faithful and prudeut servant, to use the language of St. Bernard, whom our Lord ap pointed the master of his household, the ? comfort and support of his mother, his foster father, and most faithful co-operator in the execution of his deepest counsels on earth.' : Again he was given by heaven to the Blessed Virgin to be the protector of her chastity, to secure her from the calumnies of the world : in the birth of the Son of God, and to assist her in his education, and in her journeys, : fatigues, and persecutions. His chastity, in ; order to carry out these noble ends, should, be j above all suspicion, and his life should em body all the virtues which are comprised in the brief but beautiful encomium which Holy j Scripture passes on him, by declaring him a just man. How singular. must have been the chastity of him who was to guard and protect the purity of that humble Virgin, who trembled at the appearance of an angel in human form and hesitated not to reject the proffered dignity of the divine maternity until she per fectly understood from the lips of the heavenly-messenger the wonderful arrange ments of eternal wisdom, and was satisfied that, not through human intercourse but by the power and operation of the Holy Ghost, she was to attain to that great dignity. She, who was alarmed at the appearance of an heavenly messenger, was troubled with no fear or apprehension at the sight of holy Joseph, who is to be her chaste spouse, her faithful companion and co-operator in carrying out* the merciful designs of God. As Joseph the son of the Patriarch Jacob, was set by the Almighty over the whole land of Egypt to store up corn for the dwellers therein, so in the fulness of time, when the only begotten Son of God, the Saviour of mankind, was to appear in tlj.e world, another Joseph, of whom the first was a type, was to be placed over the whole world, and appointed the master and head of his household and of his goods, the guardian of his richest treasures. ' Oil ! astonishing elevation, cries out the pious Gerson. Oh ! unparalleled dignity, that the mother of God, Queen of Heaven, should call you her lord, that God himself made man, should call you father, and obey your commands. Oh ! glo rious Triad on earth, Jesus, Mary, Joseph, how dear a family to the Glorious Trinity in heaven, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' ' Nothing is on earth so great, so good, so excellent.' He is entrusted with the highest and noblest of missions. He is charged with the care of the eternal Son of God and his Virgin Mother. He is appointed by heaven their guardian and guide through this valley of tears, with full authority over them as their head, the coun sels of eternal wisdom have placed no limits to his paternal rights. Jesus spontaneously placed himself under his fostering care — nor did he allow his infinite superiority and in comprehensible dignity, as God, to diminish his dependence on him, and though he might j have lived as the angel who guided Tobias, sustained by an invisible food, he preferred to receive his daily 'sustenance from Joseph, as the fruit of his labours, and to be carried in his arms. He and his blessed mother went withersoever he desired and occupied themselves as he wished, he was in every respect a child with them. Only once he seemed to break through these close relations, when he remained at Jerusalem to fulfil a commission of deep mystery for his Father. Under the same roof they lived for years. Joseph nursed him during his infancy and pressed him to his bosom : every care that paternal affection cold bestow, was extended to him, he provided for his wants and the wants of his blessed mother, and delivered him, by flying into Egypt, from the hands of his enemies. So that in all things Jesus was dependent upon Joseph, and to him heavenly messages were sent, which enabled him to discharge the duties of his guardianship over the Son of God, who acknowledged Joseph as his father, and obeyed his commands. Hence both Jesus and Mary were subject to him — he by the authority of a heavenly messenger called him Jesus, and the most blessed Vir gin proclaims Joseph's dignity and authority over herself and Son, in the touching words which she addressed to him in the temple, ' Son, Why hast thou done so to us ? behold thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing.' And, my brethren, not only did the Eternal Father grant this aublime authority to Joseph over his Eternal Son, but even God the Holy Ghost, the third person in the Blessed Trinity, becomes his companion and co-operator in carrying out his behests, and behold him in deference to the solemn en gagements made by Joseph and Mary of ? consecrating, for ever, their pure souls to God, and preserving intact their virginal purity, descending from the bosom of God, and by his creative energy entering the chaste womb of the ever Immaculate Virgin, inflaming her with his love, and forming within her the sacred humanity of the eternal Word, thus co-operating with, and in a manner taking the . place of Joseph. So. far, my dear Brethren, we have seen the intimate relations that existed on earth between St. Joseph and our divine Lord, between the Word made flesh, and him whom he called by the endearing name of father ; between the Son of Mary and Mary's faithful Spouse ; between the child of Beth lehem and the guardian and help-mate of himself and his Virgin Mother ; between the exiles whom Herod had driven from their home and their guide and protector, in that dreary and perilous journey into the land of Egypt. Such a close and marvellous union as this was never witnessed before on earth, a union symbolising the unity of the adorable Trinity in heaven, and hence described by some pious writers as the earthly trinity. These relations have not been dissolved in heaven, but rather have been more firmly es tablished and more closely cemented in the realms of bliss. However it is not precisely under this aspect that the Sovereign Pontiff has awarded those special honours to St. Joseph, which have brought so much joy to the Catholic world. In that holy alliance of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, ample reasons, no doubt, are to be found why the Church of Christ, which in these times of trouble is harassed by so many foes, and afflicted by the heaviest calamities, should be placed under his special patronage. And indeed, if Joseph was guardian of our Lord, the head of his household and of his richest treasures on earth, how can we exclude him from the guardianship of the Church of his Son? !hrist is head over all the church, which is his body, and whatever offices he was destined by eternal wisdom to perform towards the head, the same he is called on by his position to perform towards the Church, his mystical body. Again St. Joseph enjoyed a constant intercourse with his divine Son, who came down from heaven to establish his church, which, according to the Apostle of the Gentiles he ' loved and for which he delivered himself up that he might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laver of water in the word of life, that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle, or any such thing but that it should be holy, and without blemish.' Now St. Joseph, had full understood the merciful designs of God, the holy conversations which passed between him and his Saviour had inspired Jbim with thoughts divine, his zeal for the salvation of souls, and the interests of the church had taken possession of his heart, and Jesus and the holy church were the object and aim of his holiest aspirations and fervent desires. Now that he is seated on a throne of glory near his divine Son will he look on that Church with coldness and indifference? Will he be insensible to the trials and troubles of her supreme Head, and of the Vicar of his Son? Oh no, that perfect vision which he now' enjoys in heaven enables him to see more clearly the joys and sorrows of the Catholic .church, her triumphs and her struggles, and his powerful influence with that Son whom he fostered here on earth, from whom he has already re ceived such a weight of glory, as a recom pence for his faithful services, proclaims to us that His Holy Spouse, which he purchased with his blood, has a most powerful and last ing advocate in heaven m the person of Joseph. And who could be supposed to have more authority and influence with Jesus and Mary than Joseph, who can speak in the presence of God as father, as tutor, as guar dian, and as a faithful spouse? Who will more anxiously promote the glory of the Church and the best interests of her children than Joseph, who, by divine appointment, was destined to preserve the life of him who came to secure our Salvation ? ' He that is the keeper of the Lord, says the Scripturo, shall be glorified,' and Joseph's chief glory now is the advancement of the honor of his Son, by bringing into the onetrue fold innume rable souls, by obtaining blessings of the true faith for the nations of the earth, by protecting mankind from the evils of infidelity and in differentism, and extending far and wide the tabernacles of His Church, and above all by shielding the young from the dangers and evils of mixed education, now established and diffused throughout the world. Alas, the teachera of error in this age are making unceasing efforts to undermine the faith of the little ones of the fold, and to effect a murder of a far doeper dye than that com mitted by Herod of the Holy Innocents, whoso souls, washed in the blood of the Lamb, were wafted to the realms of everlast ing bliss. Looking on the fearful Tavages which infidelity is making — well may the Church lament, and mourn, and bewail her children, like Eachel who would not be com forted because they were not. As the whole land of Egypt, when suffering from a fearful famine, had recourse by direction of King Pharoah to the first Joseph who provided for all the wants of the people, so now the Church of God, by direction of her Supreme head on earth, has recourse to thee, O holy. Joseph, as the father of Jesus, the father and patron of the Christian people. She trusts, in thee as her defender and support, and pro claims thee the faithful minister of our salva tion; the conqueror of * hell, the advocate of sinners, the refuge of the afflicted, and the comforter of the dying. She entreats thy powerful intercession, that as of old the idols of Egypt were cast down at the presence of the infant Jesus, carried in thy arms, so now under thy patronage the enemies of God and of his church may be confounded, the rights of justice and of religion may be vindicated, and the temporal dominions of the holy see restored to the suffering but glorious Pontiff, who now rules the See of Peter, and to the Catholic world whose property they are, and whose rights havo been assailed by the usur pation and violence of the Florentine Govern ment. ' ? And now, my dear Brethren, owing to this special protection of Joseph over the entire church it behoves us, during this holy season of prayer and penance, to become his devout clients, to pay him special honor and to im plore his powerful intercession. In all our wants, let us, too, go to Joseph, and with all confidence invoke him who was the guardian and keeper of the Lord on earth, and who has now at his disposal the riches, and treasures of God's kingdom. Above all we should make him the model of our lives and imitate his sublime virtues, his love for Jesus was unbounded and so intense that he could not bear to be separated from him — his zeal for his personal safety and comfort urged him to make great sacrifices, to undertake laborious and perilous journeys. So we, also, should be ready to make noble sacrifices for the honour and glory of God, for the safe keeping of our Lord in the most Holy Sacrament, for the erection of churches to his holy name, and in contributing, as far as our means will permit, to the beauty of God's house, by decorating our churches' and tabernacles, wherein the divine majesty dwelleth. By thus following in the footsteps of our holy patron, St. Joseph, we may hope one day to obtain that blessing, which was vouchsafed to him, of meeting a peaceful and happy death, in the arms of Jesus and Mary. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be rvith you all. Amen. © JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. Maitland, March 1st, 1871. ADistuebed Sepulchre. — Some strange jights are to be seen from the North-West Bend to below Swan Eeach (remarks a Elver Murray correspondent of the Kapunda paper) on the sandhills in the bed of the river that bave been flooded for the first time (at least for about 100 years) by the 1870 waters. It i&s; washed away the sand from these hills, jxposing to view the remains of hundreds of iborigines in places where even the oldest imongst the white inhabitants had no idea ;hese burial places existed. It appears that ibout fifty years ago the natives were at ;acked by the small-pox, and carried off in arge numbers. The aged natives (bearing ;he usual marks of the disease) say that they vere put in the ground, old and young ;ogether, two or three in a hole, where they lied without ceremony, and not being fenced n the usual manner, the places were not mown to the whites. Expedition to New Guinea. — The cor ?espondent of the Northern Argus says that . it length there is not merely a probability, rat a positive certainty, of 'The New guinea Gold and Trading Comiany' being luly inaugurated, from the fact orthe volun eers accepted by A. Keith Collins, Esq., the '?ery indefatigable promoter of the project, laving all to meet at Eockhainapton on the ^5th of next May. Mr. Collins has been sxceedingly careful in selecting suitable men, laving been compelled to refuse several hun Ireds, many of whom offered the use of a arge amount of capital. The number that VEr. Collins has provisionally admitted imounts to 250 good men and true, which nay eventually be increased to 300. Each, rolunteer will have to pay £25 for his share,, md sign the agreement to submit to such rules and regulations as may be made by the 3ompany. . Albuey Wines. — We notice that Mr. Gallon's wine took the prize at the recent ilbury P. and A. Show. They were'fex bibited by Mr. Skinner, who stated that his crines, when very young, were obtained from. Mr. J. T. Fallon, and he had only taken jharge of them and cellared them. The p-oungest wine on the table to- night was four p-ears old, and these wines were similar to ihosc for which he had obtained prizes. It »vas not the proper business of the merchant ;o keep wines so long as this, and he thought ihat the wine industry would, be greatly en jouraged if gentlemen who had the neces sary means would more generally buy up urines and mature them. He only took jredit to himself for his numerous prizes to lay for his share in the treatment of winef - which had been previously made and ad mirably got up by Mr. Fallon. 