SCENES FROM THE LATE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND.-No. VII. REWI. Pon fully an hour after the departure of the half-caste boy, I attempted to restore ani mation to the form of the wounded officer; but with small success. Once or -twice he opened his eyes and groaned loudly, but suddenly relapsed again into a state of insensibility. I examined the wounds by the light of the lantern, and discovered with satisfaction that they were not mortal. The dog, Wal lace, lay quietly by my side, licking the face of poor Huntly ever and anon and wagging his huge tail, trying in his sagacity to draw attention from the still form before him. I had bound up the oflicer's wounds in a hurried manner to stop the effusion of blood; but I saw with dismay that the scanty band ages were insufficient to stop the bleeding, which began to flow afresh. Taking the light and searching a little way along the ravine, I discovered the dead body of a Maori. The rebel was lying on his back. A bullet had gone clean through his skull; yet even in death a mocking smile of derision seemed to curl his lip as I held the light athwart his face. "Necessity knows no law," saith an old proverb. I felt averse to touching a particle belonging to this dead savage, yet there were several yards of drapery depending from his shoulder which I wanted. The Maori, like the Highlander, wears the hilt with the picturesque and graceful folds of the powla, or scarf, descending from the shoulder to the knees, only with this difference-the Ceolt wears plaid, the Maori divers gaudy colours of sillk and cotton. I soon converted the dead man's powla into long stout bandages; and approaching my wounded superior, I saw to my surprise and joy that he was sitting up and gazing about him. "Hallo, sir how do you feel? I really began to fear you would never come round again." "Elh? What the deuce is the meaning of all this? Is that you, Marlowe. Why, what in the name of fortune are we doing here ?" And poor Huntly looked first at me and then at the dog, then fell backwards with a heavy groan. " Come, cheer up, sir, for a little while. I have despatched a messenger for assist ance. It will soon arrive-in fact, I expect it here every moment. Have you much pain, lieutenant?" "Yes, very much in my side; but I say, Marlowe, how came you here, eh ? Where's Von Tempsky ? " " I really cannot tell you, sir. After the fugitives perhaps. Pray let me move you over a little so that I can bandage up this out in your leg." " I feel very faint, Marlowe. Get me a drink of water, please." "One moment, lieutenant. There, you will feel your limb easier for the dressing, awkward as itlooks. Allow me to raise you up a bit, sir-so. Lean against me until I put this round you." "Water, sergeant, water." "Yes, yes, directly, sir. Bear up one moment;" and with some trouble and diffi culty I managed to bind up poor Huntly's sores and bruises. Then lifting him in my arms I carried him to a sort of small cave, formed by a large flat rock shelving out a short distance up the gully. Here I de posited my burden in a sitting posture with his back against the wall, the dog crouching at his feet. Then, taking up the lantern, I descended to the bottom of the ravine in search of water; but to my chagrin I found none. No, not a drop. The debris and large stones at the bottom were as dry as if there had not been any rain for months. I fol lowed the track of the channel for several hundred paces down the gully and in the opposite direction from the pah, hoping to meet with some little hole wherein I might even soak my pocket- handkerchief to moisten the parched lips of my fainting comrade. But no, I couldn't find anything of the kind. There was no dew on the grass either. My non-success only made me feel the more determined to find some somewhere. I knew by experience that swamps abound plentifully in all parts of Now Zealand. Ascending the side of the ravine, which was very steep and rugged, I scrambled to the top. Here a sudden gust of wind suddenly wafted out the light in the lantern. The night was dark and gloomy, yet the sudden extinguishing of the light made the darkness appear more opaque. Searching my pockets, I discovered that I had not the ghost of a wax vesta. "Confound it," I muttered. "Nothing but misfortune to-night. No matter, I'll not go back without the water. There must be a swamp on the other side of this ridge." I strode onward over loose stones and stunted scrub, which every moment grew thicker and more dense around me. The?e are times and seasons in one's life when we feel an irresistablo impulse urging us forward in opposition to our cooler judg ment. I had never been in this part of the country before, and did not know one stop of the way I was going. A dark night too, with not one single object to guide me back againito the ravine. Yet I must have the water. Perhaps the life of my officer de pended on my discovering it, and I felt con fident somehow of finding my way back again. Onward I went through the labyrinth of tall ferns and trees, glancing keenly right and left in hopes of discovering what I sought. Vain hope! The further I went the more bothered and puzzled I became, until at length I halted and began to think about retracing my stops. I judged I had come in nearly a straight line from the top of the gully, and I thought of course that I should only have to face about and go in a straight line to find the place where I had loft Huntly. For three long hours or more I struggled through tangled scrub and bush without getting a glimpse of the long looked-for gully. My face and hands were torn and lacerated with the sharp thorns and prickles of the stunted cowrie and tea-tree, while my clothes were considerably the worse for wear and tear. The perspiration was streaming down my face with headlong pace. I sat down on a log to cool a little and think over my eituation. I had begun to despair of finding my way now until daylight, and I imagined that the wounded officer had been carried to camp and had received medical aid. There was nothing for it then but to waitpatiently for the break of day. I would have given a sovereign for a little round box of B1ll and Black's wax matches at that moment. Perhaps it was lucky I had none with me. Matters that seem to our puny wisdom a misfortune often turn out to our advantage. I had scarcely been seated five minutes before I became aware of a low, strange noise near me. At first it sounded like the wind sighing through the brushwood; but anon it sounded nearer, and I distinguished the voices of men talking in earnest conver sation. Casting away the useless lantern, and thrusting my revolver securely in my belt, I crawled on my hands and knees in the di rection of the noise, and soon came upon a scene that made me feel anything but com fortable. About a hundred paces to the left, and completely screened by a belt of tea- tree scrub, I saw a large fire. Around it, in a large circle, were about fifty Maories ; some sitting talking and gesticuating in a manner peculiar to the Maori; others were stretched at full length, as if asleep; while all, more or less, appeared to have been roughly han dled, to judge by their appearance. One huge ruffian, who seemed to hold some au thority over the remainder, was standing within the circle with his back towards the fire, and speaking in a quick, fierce manner. This savage had his body painted in a gro tesque fashion, fearful to look upon, while his great woolly head was bound up in a light silk shawl, from which the blood was oozing. I felt a degree of repugnance as I looked upon this Maori that I cannot account for. Once or twice I mechanically drew forth my revolver; but a thought of my own safety and a feeling of reluctance stayed me from shooting him where he stood. If I had done so, percbance Ishould have rid New Zealand of the honest man's greatest foe, and out off the Maorics' most powerful chief and warrior, keen, oily, fierce, bloodthirsty Rewi. I had often heard this cunning, heartless wretch described by those who had seen him ; therefore I knew him at a glance. Fortunately, Maori Tim had taught me a smattering of the Maori tongue, conse quently I was enabled to make out the gist of the chief's harangue. He was speaking to them in that subtle style which only a savage, and a chief well versed in the wild, lawless natures before him, knew how to speak. He seemed attempting to cheer their drooping courage, which was at low ebb, no doubt, after their late defeat at the pah, pointing out to them a way of revenge. " Let my brothers think a moment," said he. "Do not the slayers of our tribes and friends live in ease and plenty around us here in this our land and home, enjoying what our fathers gave us, while we-we, my brothers, are driven like wild pigs into a common pah. Are we women or war riors? Speak, my brothers." A terrible yell from twenty sable throats answered the war-chief Rewi. "If we are warriors," continued Rewi, " let us seek vengeance at once on the friends of the murderous pakeha dogs yonder, dancing over the dead Maori warriors whom they have slain. Come, my brothers, let us speed to the whares of our foes and kill them while they sleep. Then will we take their horses and their gold, and cross the pundas (mountains) to our companions- come." A dozen stalwart savages sprung to their feet at once, and began yelling and frisking about like madmen. "Hush, my brothers; the pakeha has sharp ears," said the wily chieftain. "Let us creep to our foes like the serpent. Come. The Arrawandas are men, and will not leave their dead brethren unavenged." I instantly threw myself flat on my face between two dead logs, as Rewi, musket in hand, leapt over the prostrate forms of the wounded rebels, followed by a score of his warriors all well armed. They passed within a few yards of where I was hiding, scarcely daring to breathe, lest I might be discovered, and plunged into the scrub at a rapid pace. I lay quite still a short time, cogitating whether I should follow them or not. I knew by the chief's words that he intended to attack and perchance cruelly murder some poor unoffending farmer or settler, together with his household, in the dead hour of night. Yet what was to be done ? It seemed madness for one man to try to cope with twenty. Nevertheless, in a shorter time than it takes me to write this sentence, I had made up my mind to follow in their wake or track, and trust to chance and my own experience to render assistance to my race if opportunity offered. Rising gently from my horizontal position, I crawled noiselessly for some distance on my hands and knees, until I was out of earshot of the party round the fire. Then springing up, I sped onward after Rewi and his party of cut-throats. For over an hour I hovered at their heels, the perspiration streaming from every pore in my body with the tremendous pace at which the Maories were moving. Once or twice I thought they had discovered me fol lowing them. But no; onward again. I began to feel very uneasy and fatigued, and had already serious doubts of my staying powers, when I observed the Maories wheel suddenly to the left. Here an open clearing presented itself. Rewi and his warriors halted and hold a short consultation; after which they moved slowly and with caution across a paddock. I moved a little to the right, and.kept well within the shadow of the bush. In front of the savages I could die cern a large white house and a long row of ow-roofed outhousoo verging away in the rear. The Maorics seemed to be well acquainted with the place, for they went straight towards a slab hut and entered. This was done so quickly that I could not make out which of the huts they had entered (tho buildings were so similar), until I disa covered a stream of light flashing through the doorway of the building they were in. They had made a fire, and were going to hold a brief council as to the manner of the slaughter. I knew this. I felt glad, as it gave me an opportunity to put in practice a thought that had presented itself to me on our route. I made my way cautiously towards the main building. I saw it was a two-storied house, built of weatherboard. I tried all the doors; but I found them all fast. I next essayed at the windows; but without effect. Going round to the back of the premises, I discovered a small window, which yielded to my touch. The aperture did not seem large; yet I managed to squeeze my body through it, and Ifound myself in a room as dark as Hades. I carefully closed the window again, and fastened it on the inside; then I groped about me. I could hear something snoring soundly. Guided by the noise, I laid my band on a plump form slumbering on a small bed in one corner. I gave it a rough shakeo. In a moment the snoring ceased, and a girl's voice called out in trembling accents, but in a musical brogue " Who's there, eh ? Is that you, ma'am ? Lord save us an' bless us this night? What was it that touched me, at all at all? " "Hist my good girl, have you such a thing as a candle and matches handy ? '' "Murder! Who's that? 0, dear! 0, dear! who are yo at all to come sneaking into a poor girl's bedroom at this hour o' the night ? For shame ye grate unruly baste ! Be off wid you out o' this, or I'll waken the house about ye, so I will! " " My dear girl, I--" " Hold yer blarney! I'm not your dear girl, ye shameless scoundrel. Faix ye needn't attempt to alter yer voice, Mr. Hugh Gollagher; I know ye, an' troth I'll take Say wid ye for this same insult, so I will. Only wait till to-morrow, that's all, you villain !" The girl rose up in bed and struck a lucifer. As the light fell athwart my bleed ing face and my tattered uniform, she be gan to tremble violently, muttering to her self short prayers the while, and attempting to light the candle, which she managed to do at length. Then holding the light high above her head, she ejaculated " What in the name o' fortune d'ye want here, yq ugly-looking spalpeen!" " Look ye, my lassie, I have no time to waste in idle talk. There's a score of armed Maoris in the hut yonder have come here on purpose to murder everyone in this house hold. Do you understand that ? " " 0, wirrah I wirrah! what'll become of us ? " " I belong to the mounted defence force. I happened to overhear those villains hatch ing their plan. I have followed them hither, and will try to save you. Which room does the master of the house occupy ?" and I seized the candle. " Ooh! blessing on your head, sir. You're a brave gentleman. Shure I'll show you the master's room in a minute; " nhd the terrified girl jumped out of bed at once; but remembering herself, leaped into it again instantly, begging of me for pity's sake to " go outo' that for the space of a minute." At any other time this affair would have presented a very laughable picture; but at the present moment there was no time for any nonsense. The danger required prompt measures. Very ungallantly leaving the girl to make her hasty toilet in the dark, I found my way up a flight of steps into the upper story, and soon found the settler. He had heard the noise, below, and was standing at his room door in his night-dress, a loaded revolver in his hand. " Who the devil are you, sir ? " exclaimed he, as I appeared with the light. I soon made known to him who I was and the object of my nocturnal visit. The man seemed to have great nerve and presence of mind, for he said at once " I'm much obliged to you, sir; step into the room here a moment. Be kind enough to extinguish that light; the wketches may observe it." I blew out the candle and I heard the settler hastily dressing himself. " How many did you say there are? " "About twenty." " And that scoundrel Rewi? " "cc Yes." " I heard that vou 'ad taken the nah vea terday; is it true? " "It is sir. Haste." "Good. Would you be kind enough to waken Sandy and Bob. Stay, I forgot, you don't know where they sleep. Here is a key; please open that long chest under the window, and you will find two revolvers and a double-barrelled gun; they are loaded." Mr. Stanton hastily descended the stair case to rouse his men and barricade the doors and windows, while I searched for the arms. I soon found them, and stood look ing through the window into the gloom. All at once I noticed a faint streak of light spreading along the eastern horizon. It was the break of day. Below I could hear the noises as of heavy furniture being piled against the doors, intermingled with the brief prayers of the Irish girl. From where I stood I could see the flickering light of the fire from the open chinks of the slab hut were our terrible foes were holding their council. I had began to entertain an idea that they might possibly go away without molesting the place. I was soon undeceived. Even while the thought flashed across me I saw the dark forms issue one by one out of the hut and glide swiftly toward the house. In a moment I flew downstairs. Mr. Stanton, with his two sons and a servant man, together with a boy and the Irisn girl, had nearly completed the barri cades. Both the sons were armed with double-barrelled fowling-pieces. " Here's the Maories. Quick." "All right, sir. We're prepared for them. Here, Bob, you go and station yourself at the store-room window, and use that gun if you get an opportunity. Take the boy and Bridget with you." "Sandy, come with us. Now young fel low, let us see if we can't give those d---d niggers a warm reception." We ran up into the settler's bedroom, and made everything secure for a siege. Below we could see the Maories trying the windows and doors to gain an entrance; but in this they were disappointed. To my surprise the settler threw up the window, and putting forth his head, called out " Hallo there ! what the devil do you want here, you Maori villains ? " Instantly half-a-dozen bullets rattled round the window, in answer to his question. Luckily, none of the shots took effect. Mr. Stanton coolly closed the window, and thrust ing the muzzle of his piece through a pane of glass, took aim and fired. A tall savage near the door threw up his arms wildly, then fell dead among his companions. The rebels set up a terrific yell, and fired a volley full butt at the window which shattered the glass into ten thousand frag ments, and tore the framework to pieces, but did no further damage. Again the long fowling-piece was thrust forth, and again another savage went to grass. I had noticed the huge form of the chief towering among his men, and had tried a couple of shots with my revolver, bhut with out success. After the fall of the second rebel they drew further off, and collecting heaps of straw and hay, placed it outside the stables and outhouses, and set fire to it. A pretty stiff breeze blowing from the eastward sent the dry and light combustible into a great conflagration, which roaring and hissing up towards the clouds, soon en folding the row of buildings in its devouring embrace, and consumed them. The rebels danced and yelled around the blackened heaps of ruin, like so many devils let loose from hell. The poor settler groaned again with agony, as he watched the wanton wretches destroy the labour and industry of years. BuxnDonix. 