DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened on Tuesday morning, May 16, at St. Paul's Church, by the Lord Bishop. ? Service com menced at 11 o'clook, iris Lordship being uoaisieu vy Arcnaeacon xnarryac, me very iwv. Dean Russell, and Canon Dovel The proceeds of the offertory will be devpted to the Widow and Orphan Fund. The Holy Communion having been administered, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral Address: — ' Kevei end and Lay Brethren— ' The Prophet Daniel has recorded of himself that when the visions of the great empires of the world passed'' before his mind he was ' troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in his heart.' We, too, have seen during the past year the fall of one empire and the rise of another. We have witnessed the passing away of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The States of the Church have been absorbed in a United Italy, and Rome has once more become the capital of a free and great people. With the political consequences of these events we in this place, and on this occasion, have no conoern; but their effect on the general interests of the kingdom of Christ may well occupy our atten tion. The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs affect the mind of millions of Christian subjects of the * Roman, obedience.' Such a catastrophe after a possession, of 1,114 years, touching nearly the feelings of one-half ot Christendom, must also interest all who be lie\e;in. the Corporate unity of the visible Church of Christ. Nor are the ways of Provi dence in this dispensation to be overlooked. As the sword of one Frankish monarch in the 8th century transferred the States of the Church from the King of the Lombards to the See of Rome, so the King of Lombardy has reannexed them on the downfal of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. 'Again, on the very day# on which in St. Peter's certain Bishops claimed for the See of Rome spiritual dominion in matters of faith aad morals over the mind of the' whole world, war broke out between Germany and France. The foreign soldiery by which the Papal Go vernment was supported were withdrawn, and Rome fell to the Kingdom of Italy by the votes of its own citizens. It will be remarked also that not only France, but Spain and Austria, which as portions of the Latin Empire upheld for centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political feebleness; while the sturdy vigour of the Lutheran Teuton has won for Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in the Vatican; but an open Bible and a free Church are domiciled in Italy ! 'And are we to be told that there is no hope for the faith or morals of Christen dom because we refuse to accept as in fallible the authoritative decisions of. the Roman Pontiff? Rather let us listen to the witness borne by the distinguished Father Hyacinthe to the fatal influence of that regimen. The fall of France he has traced to the * oppres sive and corrupted forms in which Christianity has been clothed' by^ it. This is the cause, he continues, ' why she is forced to remain without religion, and consequently without a constrain ing morality, between Ultramontanism and In fidelity.' The remedy he points out is^ 'the Sacred Volume open to the world to enlighten and fertilize it.' ' Why,' he asks, ' is it shut up in the obscurity of the dead languages, and under the seal of the most severe prohibitions ? The bread of doctrine and of life, which God has prepared for the 'little ones' as for the learned, how has it been with drawn from them? It is in vain to urge as a pretext the abuses of heresy and unbelief. Place the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent exegesis, and neither will have any cause to fear the other. 'Place it in itsown true relation to the people by a religious education worthy of it and of lliem, and it will become the surest guide of the life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship.' These are noble words, and point out the gain to Italy and to the world by the fall of the temporal Papacy; for what believer in God's inspired Word can doubt of the eventual triumph of religion over infidelity; of morality over sen sualism? 'Nor is the prospect of reunion among the scattered branches of the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by the removal of the Pope's secular power. The language above-cited of the en lightened menk, Protestant as it is, in behalf of the free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical reform, and 'liberty of prophesying,' still is consistent with the warm feelings and sympathies of the Catholic churchman. He is not one who would 'rend the seamless coat' of the Redeemer, though he refuses to base the Church's unity on the assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff. Against that dogma he has entered his unalter able protest. His is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a unity of absolute subjection. ' A similar view has been presented to us by a thoughtful Essayist (Dr. Irons) in a late work entitled 'The Church and the Age.' Speaking of the Visible Church of Christ in time future, he writes on this wise :— ' The spiritual polity, begun by the Holy Ghost eighteen centuries ago, increasing from age to age by means of Divine gifts, and by the change of the human character through the conscience of the indi vidual—that 'moral society' aiming to spread itself in all nations, and to extend a voluntary government of its own for the unity of its creed, and of its members, must, in order to do its work in the world 'by raising the moral standard of mankind,' recognise its own reality and unity as 'an organic whole;' freed on the one hand from Sacerdotal tyranny, and on the other unfettered by Erastian Government. Dintinct, indeed, from the Governments of this world, it will nevertheless facilitate their work, by acting in its corporate capacity on individual consciences. ' The powers that be' of human society operate on the external life of man; the Church penetrates the inner sanctuary of the soul, and by bringing men under law to Christ makes them subject to human laws for conscience sake.' 'Primitive Church.— The Primitive Church, One Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated rather than revolutionised the pagan world, and taught men in the ' brotherhood of Christ' to love each other. The primitive Christians had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all. They formed one body, as there was in them one Spirit. They had one hope of their calling, and with one mind and one mouth they glorified God wherever they assembled themselves together. The assumption of Supremacy by the See of Rome destroyed this unity. The dogma of infallibility tends not to restore, but to render it impossible. 'Divested, however, of secular power, the Papacy can no longer repress enquiry, nor enforce the separation of its subjects from the other branches of the Orthodox Church. Hence forth the respective positions of the Papist and the Catholic Churchman will be clearly defined. They will stand out as distinctly as does the Protestant now, who evolves from Scripture on his own private judgment his faith and worship, owning no allegiance to the mind or usages, the creeds or liturgies, of Catholic antiquity for the interpretation of the written Word of God; nor relying on the external witness of the primitive Church in its corporate existence to the genuine ness and inspiration of the Scriptures them selves. Papism, Churchmanship, Individualism are the several forms into which religious belief and practice will now crystallize. Which of these will be most influential in restoring unity to Christendom may be easily conceived. Yet different and even opposed as they are to visible unity, Christianity, nevertheless, in its various forms witnesses for righteousness and peace and spiritual truth. It pleads the interests of man's immortal soul against the sensualism of a positive philosophy. If unable to prevent war it mitigates and soothes its horrors. It has banished in England the practice of duelling in private society, and it lifts up its voice against the conflict of nations. It has abolished man- stealing and slavery. It recog nises the brotherhood of mankind by sending its peaceful missions to the heathen and the savage. If, then, Sectarianism, with its narrow interests and petty jealousies, could be merged in the wider sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but the permanent unity of a world- wide Church, scriptural in doctrine and apostolic in order, vast indeed would be the power of ' the kingdom not of this world.' The separation of the tem poral from the spiritual authority ihRonie will have done something towards the accomplish ment of such an ideal. . ' Church of England and its relations to other bodies of Christians. —But, it may be asked; what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation of independent national Churches? In reply, I may say that during the last century our own communion has been gradually developing this system, in the United States, in Canada, in the West Indies, in Africa, in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last 'of all, in Ireland. Churches independent on the State, having the same standards of doctrine, the same Liturgy in substance and almost in form, the same principles of eccle siastical order, discipline, and law, are in full communion with each other in the bonds of the Gospel. They are all voluntary associations, self -governed and self -sustained. Of'late also the ancient friendly relations between the orthodox Greek Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril Lucar, Patriarch of Constantinople, sent in 1628 the Alexandrine manuscript of the Bible to our Charles I., such friendly intercourse has been re-established by the interchange of Pastoral Letters between the present Patriarch and the Archbishop of Canterbury ;— still more by the welcome, social and ecclesiastical, given to the Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenos by the Heads of the Church on his late visit to . England. ; ? 'Church of Ireland. — Since the beginning of the present year the Church of Ireland has entereduponthisfree career, andnbtwithstanding the baneful influence in times past of political corruption, she has shown herself capable of freedom and self-government. A more missionary spirit in defence, and inculcation of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected, follow on such freedom from the trammels of Establishment. From these examples we see how possible it is for free and independent National Churches to be one in the Catholic faith and Apostolic erder, as well as in full communion with each other, ministering at each other's altars, and as one brotherhood doing' the work of the ministry. It needs not the authority of a Supreme Pontiff deeming himself infallible to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of Erastian government. ' Historic Basis of the Church. — In the his toric basis of the Church of Christ, ' the faith once i delivered to the saints/ 'the form of sound words,' the threefold Apostolic Ministry transmitting to future generations the genuine writings of Apostles and evangelists; in the specific trade-marks, so to speak, of Catholic doctrine — 'antiquity,' 'universality,' and ?consent' ('quod semper quod ubique qiwd ab omnibus'), we have a sufficient guide in searching the Scriptures for all that is neces sary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are the voice of God speaking to the individual conscience ; and against the Church so built up on the trie Rock, which is Christ, the gates of hell shall not prevail. 'The Catholic Church.— One great confederacy, confessing one Lord, having one faith, one baptism, one eucharist, one ministry, one Spirit governing and sanctifying the whole body of Christ, toe Churches of different countries and languages may freely do their work of ex tending the Kingdom of Christ, and aiding each other by interdependence and sympathy under the Chief Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship is not required; unity of faith and order, of mind and spirit, is indispensable. ' Reunion of Protestants. — Here the question arises, should not such union first be sought among those Protestant bodies which? orthodox in faith, have separated from the national Esta blishment on various questions;such,forexample, as ' connection with the State,' 'the triple order of the ministry,' 'Episcopacy itself,' 'the Sacraments and* Sacramental grace,' 'Poedo baptism,' ' Liturgical forms,' and other matters. To those who hold these institutions or arrange ments to be of purely human authority it may seem almost a duty for the sake of peace and unity to ignore or compromise their existence. But mchis not the mind or teaching of the Church of England in her formularies and services. 'The Visible Church.— The visible Church, with its appointed ministry, sacraments, form of sound words, and inspired Scriptures, are of divine appointment. The Apostles, acting under plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, fulfilled in these institutions the instructions received from our Lord himself. 'He was seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God.'— Acts i. 3. In faith fulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not tamper with or ignore such Apostolic ordinances. While we hold this faith we must act con sistently with it, and bear with patience all taunts of arrogance and intolerance, provided we are conscious to ourselves that we are acting not out of contention, but in faith and dutifulness to Christ. Not in a self -seeking spirit, -then, but in the interest of evangelical truth, the clergy of the Churcb of England feel themselves as a body constrained to stand on the historic basis of the Church of the Apostolic age. To abandon it would only weaken the evidence for the Canon of Scripture, upon which religion and morals depend. ' Binney Correspondence.— In 1858 1 discussed this question with the Rev. T. Binney (I trust in a friendly spirit), and pointed out certain con ditions on which alone I conceived the Church of England could give the right hand of fellow ship to orthodox Protestant Ministers, and admit them to minister her services and occupy her pulpits. I see no reason to depart from the convictions then expressed; but, on the other hand, much remains to be done before they can be expected to desire such communion, or even take into consideration its feasibility. Leaving this contingency to the 'future,' I hail with pleasure the removal of any blemish in the Church of England itself which is calculated to perpetuate alienation, and to keep able and pious men from the ministry of our Church. ' Esta blishment' is no necessity for a Church's being or well-being. It has ceased in Ireland, in Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. 'Anglican Church in Australia Free.— The Church of England in this colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical concerns by its own Synod. It is a voluntary Church. The lay members enjoy their proper influence in the Patronage, management of funds, and affairs of their own congregations. Parochial vestries are independent of each other. Very many of the objections urged by the Puritans at the Savoy Conference, April 15, 1661, have been gradually removed. The declaration of Subscription has been altered, the repetitions in the Service, unfrequency of Communions, use of Apocrypha, the selection of Lessons, have been amended. The Authorized version of the Scriptures is in course of revision. These changes, together with the decisions of the Privy Council on several points, as well as the recommendations of the Ritual Commission, will go a long way in removing things which heretofore have given offence. When nothing shall be left but what is agreeable to the Word of God or the practice of the Primitive Church, 'all will have been done that can be done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.' 'The Episcopate.— Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out in the Canons of 1605-4, aided, as it is, by the Presbytery, both in the exercise of discipline and the examination and ordina tion of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. 'Happy, then, in her scriptural creed, primi tive liturgy, apostolic order, and comely ritual, the Church of England is so situated as to offer a basis of union available for many Churches now drifting from their ancient moorings. She may open wide the arms of comprehensive sympathy while standing steadfastly upon the ' old ways.' Far from repudiating all fellowship with orthodox Protestant ministers, she has gladly welcomed of late several of distinction to her Orders. She has further invited the co-operation of others, being learned men, in the sacred work of re vising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The seeds of future reunion are thus being plentifully sown. In the interim we must be content to hold each other in sincere respect and Chrstian regard, each being fully persuaded in his own mind, and waiting until the area of con troversy is reduced to a vanishing point. . 'Privy Council.— I have alluded above to the subject of Ritual and to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Oouncil upon various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them are too recent, and at this moment are the subject of so much angry dispute, that I forbear to enter on them, until time has been given for a fair consideration of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remarks on the nature and mode »f proceeding of this Tribunal may hot be out of place. The Church of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the ' Crown 'over all persons in all causes.' As the ^ guardian of property held in trust for National worship established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those tmsts are duly carried out. Hence ecclesiastical questions must needs borne before this Supreme Court of Appeal. Under the Mosaic revelation, the Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High rnest and his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Fatil was not ashamed to appeal unto Crcsar. Nor has any clergyman of our Church any ground of complaint, if 'tho powers that be' examine whether he fulfils or contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily tindertook at Ordina tion. The Judicial Committee does not presume to rnakt tho law or doctrine of tho Church. On the ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only open to Legis. lative bias when that meaning is doubtful and obscure. In such cases the writings of leading Divines of the Church itself in times past have beeu appealed . to, and guided the decision— generally in favour of liberty and toleration. 'Case of Hebbert v. Purchas.— It is to be re gretted, perhaps, that in the late' judgment in the '.case' of Mr. Purchas the decision has re tfiicttd and narrowed, rather than tolerated or widened, tho liberty of the minister as to the potition in which he officiates. The view of the rubric taken by myself, in my judgment re garding the ministrations of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, has been entirely upheld; but I attach little importance to such matters. I agree with Dr. Uoulbilrn, Dean of Norwich, that place, position, or vestment of minister cannot really affect eudianstic doctrine. Compliance, the,n, with tho law ns defined is a Christian duty. In , the pre sent instance it involves no sacrifice bf truth. The Rubric before it was judicially interpreted was manifestly doubtful and obscure, and there fore taught nothing clearly. 'Objections to# the Judicial Committee.— Objection is sometimes vehomontly made to the remarks or reasonings introductory of the judg ment recommended to Her Majesty. It should be remembered that such remarks, or expres sions form no part of it. They may be offensive, hut-bind no one to accept them. They 'form no portion of the law of the Church. 'There is, however, a doctrinal view of tho Eucharist underlying these minute points of Ritualism which even the Archdeacon of Taunton himself has condemned as, 'being an undue approximation to Rome.' It is the local and material presence of the glorified Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiation and Consubstantiation are both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of our Church. Yet spiritually to ' feed ; on Him by faith with thanksgiving,' and that by means of the conse crated bread and wine, which are * effectuous' to the faithful recipient, so that 'ho dwells in Christ and Christ in him,;', 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him;' this is plainly taught in the Communion Office. Here is a presence spiritual and heavenly, not local and material, but of omni present Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither the place where the officiating master stands or kneels, nor the position in which he celebrates, .nor the vestment he wears. 'General Results.— Jt may bo well, then, here to summarize the judicial results of that Ritual agitation which ' has gone on. during the' last few years, and the changes, both in the external and internal condition of tho Church of England which have taken place. Many of us are scarcely aware of the alterations, and few of other bodies of Christians care to bo apprised of them. The Colonial branches, thfin^ of that Church are formally declared to ,be , uwesta bliFhed. The Irish Church ' has been , disesta blished.. Tithes have been long sincp commuted for a money payment. Church rales have ceased as regards Nonconformists. With regard to the Liturgy, its various services may bo used separately. Objections to length of , them and repetition in them aro thus obviated. A now and improved table of Leasons has been pre pared. A revision of the Authorized Version is set on foot; Eucharistic ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. Tho damnatory clauses of the' so-called Creed of Athanasius have been advisedly . restricted to denial of the Catholic or Christian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hymnology intro duced, parents aro admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, insufficient endow ments augmented, stipends of curates supple mented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of Candidates for holy orders re quired, parochial schools multiplied, and the pupils instructed in definite religious lnUht as well as secular learning. 'So many reforms gradually and. almost silently brought about aro not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. Tho scruples of many good men have thus been re lieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect in the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to the removal of whatever can be proved to be contrary to Scripture or primitive usage. What else need be taken away ? ' For the sake of the truth of the Gospel, for the possibility of ultimate intercommunion of the Churches now separated from each other, our Church nevertheless must not abandon her historic foundation as a scion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. To restore it to that primi tive character was the object of our Reformers^ and now she is a beacon light to many minds in Spain and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to bo members of tho Catholic and Apostolic Church* A Church, then, like our own, resting its claim to authority in matters of faith on Scripture, in terpreted, not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of uni versal antiquity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy such a want. *QM ' It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Church both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment tho absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But let it be remembered that tho strongest ex ternal evidence for the genuineness of tho Scriptures is weakened in proportion as the cor porate existence of the Primitive and Apostolic Church is made light of. 'Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable as are its incohesive particles, becomes a solid foundation when bound together by enclosing walls.' Business Meeting. In the afternoon the Syndd met at the Church Office, Leigh-street, for the dispatch of business. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide presided, and there was a large attendance of clergy and laity. THE SYNODAL BOLL. I '? The Synodal Compact was signed, and the roll was made up as follews: — ? Holy Trinity, Adelaide — Rev. Richardson Reid, Rev. W. W. Ewbank ; Wm. Gosse and H. D. Holmes (Synodsraen). Christchurch, North Adelaide— Ven. Arch deacon Marryat; J. Bath, J. S. Bellhouse, A. Cooper, and H. Y. Sparks (S.). St. Luke's, Adelaide— Rev. H. M. Pollitt; J. Williams, J. K. Hawthorne, G. Colyer, and W. Shakespeare (S.) St. Paul's, Adelaide— The Very Rev. the Dean ; J. Morgan and F. G. Smith (S.). St. Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. S, Green; H. Duncan and A. J. Edmunds (S.). St. John's, Adelaide — Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson ? J. Pritchard, T. H. Viney. J. Lyle, and J. E. Clinch (8.). St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. D* J. H. Ibbetson; W.S.Moore (S.). All Saints', Hindmarah— Rev. E. U. Pollitt: G. H. Catchlove (S.). St. Margaret's, Woodville - Rev. H. M. Pollitt. St. Andrew's, Walkerville— Rev. Canon Dove; C. B. Younp (S.). St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jenkins; E. W. Meredith and J. Howell (S. ). St. George's, Woodforde— Rev. T. R. Neville. St Michael's, Miteham— Rev. Henry Read; L. W. Thrupp and N. Oldham (S.). ' St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie ; J. H. Wiles and W. Pound (S.). St. Mary's, South-road-Rev. A. Honner; E. Thornber (S.). ? ? ? ii- ?-,'? ?^???'.'l.VClristchurch, O'Halloran. Hitt^Rev.- A. ?£-? 'ffimwr'jJPredeno WicksteeJ (S.). ;''.'?',- ' '.??i-, ?;?'.. .7/ ? V' Stater's, Glenelg— Rev. F. W. ' MawEall ; ?:.tT'JL.'^.Cqlie3randN.Blyth(S.). . . , - :, ';:^ :.'-Sfc Stephen's, Willunga— Rev.!E.,K.iMiU% ; . ; 'I '.' St. Philip's and St. James's, Noarlunga^Rev. V iETK. Miller; J.Mudge(S.). :;.'..-/^ : ,- '.'' 'St. James's, Blakiston— Rev. H. J.jPool&jBi.; i' Gray(S.). . ' , ..' . ' ,-.,;.,. :H,;}: i y::,r'; ,: Chnstchurch, Mount Barkerr-Rpy; H. J. ;.;; Poolers.). : . \'V-':~V'7--' \ ' ';: TO ??;.; V St. Thomas's, BalhahnaE— Rev.. H/ J. Pople ; ^;:Thos.PugH(s:).: ?;:;;;;?; ;..^:\:.;:; j yzc:, :. '.: St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs; . '. * W. H. Lewis and T. 0. J6nes(S^Wc ? '? v ' \- ' ''.' . Christchurch, Kapunda— Rev.- T^' J.1' Smyth; ?- ? J.Dixon(S.). ..;:; . :; ; - j ?'.? 7 ..'?.'.' St. Mary's, Kooringa— M. MacDennolt. - ? * ..: St. Jude's, Port EMot--Rev. E. T. Howell. ^ , St. John's, Mount Pleasan^Rey. j W. ;.. A. j Clayfield. ?..' ' - : -' ? v ^- '}- f \\-\\- -.. ''::-.. .St. Peter's, Robe—J. k. Fergiissonj H. H. .'?;:' Thomas (S.). ? :-„ : .. 7. -, V - f . ?: . CbfistcnurchjV Gainbierton^H. X jHughes \- :(S.).' ? ' .'-y.zr.: ??? -;:,: ; ,?,:?.. , :'' .Si Thomas's, Port 'Lincoln^-G.W. IHawkes ' -.and N. Blyth (SA -A.,J - , , ?~ ' Chnstchurch, YaiMlla--Rey. C. Wi Morse; ; ': F. Halcomb (S.). ' . ?...?. . . ' ? . , ,. ? The following Churches are recommended by the Election Committee forunion with Synod :— - All Saints', Moonta— A. SDence(S). *? '--?,' St. John's, Maccleafield— Rev, C. G.jTaplin. St. Mary's, Echunga— Rev. C. G-. Taplin. . Holy Trinity, Riverton— Rev. J.Houghton. The following Churches are not yet in union :/ withSynod:— ?'-?':'. - j ;'?'?'.-'. St. John's Auburn— Rey. C.W. Hawkins. ' St. John's, Salisbury— Rev.' W. Scott. I .: .: Holy Trinity, Lyndoch^Rey. R. B. Webb. ' .St.- Peter's . Collegiate.; School— Rev. Canon ' Farr,' Rev. F. Williams. ' ''?'.'.' \ '.-?'?, ... BEPORT OF ELECTION COMMITTEE TO SYNOD. ^'The Committee place on the table' the '.' . Synodal Roll certified as correct. | , . 'They have carefully examined the title-.' .-.?' deeds of the following churches, which have sent in memorials and certificates of vestry . . meetings, in accordance with Fundamental Pro . visions No. 14 and Schedule C, and recommend that they be admitted into union with Synod:— All Saints', Moonta; St. John's, Macclesfield; . St. Mary's, Echunga; Holy Trinity, Riverton.. 'They wish to draw the attention of. the Chairmen of vestries to the necessity of more carefully filling in the certificates returning Synodsinen, : and also of. transmitting such returns within seven days of vestry meeting. Some of the returns were not made in the form 1 required by Synod. ; - 'Union with Synod.— Application forunion should- bo sent on to the Election Committee, through the Secretary of Synod, before the first day of February in each year, so that all needful steps may. be taken before the Easter vestry meeting. .' . '?' 'R. B. Colley, Chairman.' Mr. R. B. Colley moved— ! ? '?* That the Churches mentioned be I admitted to union with Synod, and that the Synodsmen nominated by them be admitted as members of Synod.'1 . , Mr. N. Blyth seconded the motion, which was . carried. , .. . ? DEATH OF MR.' WINKALL. ,'..'.?' His Lqkdship announced with regret the '.' death of Mr.' J. Winnall, a much-respected Synodsman. . .' . ?; . . - .THE SECRETABIAT OF SYNOD. His Lordship announced that the Rev. S. Green and Mr. C. B. Young had consented to. undertake the Secretariat, and that the Rev. H. Read had agreed to report the proceedings of Synod in the absence of reporters. . ' ' BEPORTOF THE DIOCESE. ; His Lordship read his annual report of the . Diocese as follows : — * ; '.- 'I congratulate my lay and rev. brethren that at no time previously since I have admi nistered its affairs, has there prevailed so much of peace and union among the Churches, so frequent interchanges of ministerial service; and never at any time a more diligent performance of theii sacred duties by the clergy. 'Clergy absent on Leave. — Ill-health' and absence on leave have indeed inconveniently shortened the supply of ordained clergy; but I must bear witness that the greatest readiness has been shown by incumbents to supply occa sional services in time of need and the ordi nances of the Church where lay readers have called on them for help. Auburn, St. Luke's, St. John's, St. Bartholomew's, and Glenelg have thus been supplied during the temporary absence of their incumbents. 'Missionary Work.— In addition to my own extensive tours in various portions of the diocese during the last 12 months, including Port Augusta, Port Lincoln, Port Elliot, and the South-Eastern District from Robe Town to Narracoorte and MacDonnell Bay, special reports ?will be given you of the mission journeys of the Rev. G. Dove to the districts north of Brough ton, and the Rev. C, Morse to Kangaroo Island. An extension of pastoral labour of this kind is especially needed. . 'New Churches.— At the Meadows, Glenburn, and Strathalbyn new churches have been com pleted. At Wallaroo, an addition made, doubling its capacity, and other churches and schools are designed. '.Endowment. — The depressed state of. the colony during 1870 has I fear lessened the incomes of some of the rural clergy ministering to those who live by the produce of the soil. It is to be hoped that from the abundance of the present season some first fruits nmy benefit those . who wait . at' the altar. This leads me to remark that rural churches will 'never secure a settled ministry so long as; the clergyman's very moderate stipend is precarious, and depends solely on'the iruitfulncss of the season or the fluctuations of trade. ' The labourer is worthy of his hire,' and he who cannot get it in one place will naturally try another. But endowment to .the amount of £50. per annum would add to the comfort, and so to the . permanency of 'the' ministry. It should be remembered that here no incumbent can be forced on a. reluctant . ^t^ congregation. . ' . .'.''. ?*&r; 'Widow and Orphan Fund.— In like manner the Widow and Orphan Fund needs augmenta tion in its Guarantee Reserve. It is desirable that a subscription list, running' over three or five years for this purpose, which the AttbrneysY . of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel are prepared to subsidize to the extent of pound for pound up to ^£50 in each year, should be ' opened. . ! . ' ''Offertory.— While on the subject of clerical .incomes it may be right to consider .how far a ; system of uniform pew-rents may exercise an in jurious effect in excluding some clashes ' from our churches. A like proportion of payment from rich and poor towards the minister's support is not reaspnable. The offertory indeed supplies to the former a' ready means of special liberality in that respect, and would obviate the objection The Home Mission Fund of the Synod ibigh ;', \- gradually be augmented through the Isam \ .channel. - Sittings, indeed- must be assigned t - families attending the services, but it is nov necessary or wise to make the subscription t the minister's support by 'all classes turn iupon the number of sittings they occupy; All are interested, in this matter, because an illj-pai clergy will be, in the long run, an ill-educate clergy; comparatively, therefore, of smalle influence, though pious and diligent. . ! . ?? 1\. 'Theological Students. — It has been; my endeavour to offer facilities in connection! with the Collegiate School of St. Peter's: to Theo logical students, so that the Clergy ordained, in this colony may go forth to the work of the ministry better furnished with the intelligent knowledge of Scripture and theology '' as! well the history, of the Christian Church7 and the English Reformation. I am happy to report . . that fourr young men of good promise are now. pursuing their studies there, for whom I ,hope. „ . to provide more systematic instruction when the calls on ^the time of myself and the Chapter become less urgent. ' .' -?'-' \ '? :. . ''Church Schools.— The subject of national education has been so' fully discussed of } late . that I need not dwell on it farther than to say that the British House of Commons decided by ; : ' nearly two-thirds of its members that national education should be religious and not secular. ,':? Following in tha spirit of that resolution,1 the Metropolitan Board of London lias decided that .:-' .: in. rate-supported schools the Word of God shall \- be read, and explained in its plain grammatical meaning by the Teachers, apart from special -; dogmatic formularies. In other parochial or denominational schools payment by results, -??? -together with non- interference in the religious instruction imparted under a conscience clause, is the wise and liberal end of controversy upon ihe subject. It is hoped that the experience of pure teaUar education in America may prove a warning to other Legislatures. In buildings raised and maintained by the liberality of indi viduals, it is also hoped that a solution to the diffi culty of admitting the religious element may be got over by the institution of voluntary classes for religious instruction, before or after the hours when the national school is being carried on. The Trustees or Managers of the par ticular school would determine the nature of the religious instruction imparted. The na tional system might then less injuriously be secular; as the better-disposed children and the more careful parents would take pains to avail themselves of the religious teaching thus offered. Of course attendance would be purely Voluntary, not compulsory. After all, the old parish school, in which the Bible is read and the children catechized by their pastor, who in the course of his incumbency will probably have united in marriage the parents, baptized the children, prepared them for confirmation, and led the worship Sabbath after Sabbath, affords the best hope of training the young in the nur ture and admonition of the Lord. The result of instituting such schools during the year 1870 has been that above 1,000^ children were thus brought under the tuition of their clergy in Church schools. And it is no disparage ment to the useful body of school masters and mistresses to say that the -association of the children of a parish with the clergyman and his wife in the daily course of their education would tend greatly to improve their behaviour, call forth their natural intelligence, as well as, it is hoped, discipline them more by religious principle than secondary punishments. I strongly, therefore, recommend and urge the Clergy to use their best endeavours to establish and take a share in teaching primary schools, which with tlieir help can be well taught and managed by educated women. 'MarriagewithaDeceasedWife's Sister.— One other question affecting the relation of our clergy to the State must be mentioned. For years past strenuous efforts have been made to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Whatever opinion the elerey or others. may hold as to such marriages being allowable or not by the Word of God, it is obvious that one law must . pervade the whole British Empire. Until, therefore, the law is changed in England, it is improbable that it will be changed in this celony. The marriage is null and void. No clergyman of our Church, therefore, can be a' party to such marriage. ' The question, however, may arise, should the civil law' be changed, while the law of the Church specified in the Table of Degrees in the Prayer book continues unaltered, whether the 'Lex loci' supersedes the obligation taken by the clergy at their ordination,' and recognised in the Synodal compact. Such marriages will, it may be hoped, be/#e, and no clergyman can lecovi* pelled to solemnize them. In foro conscienticc I do not think he ouglti. Nor would any hard ship result, as a civil marriage might still be contracted, and hold good in law. . 'It remains to add that the Synod has been incorporated under the local Act of Incorpora tion, and that the expenses of this, I believe useful proceeding, have been defrayed by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel.' . Archdeacon Marryat road the following report respecting the furniture,. &c;, .of the various churches :—. 'May 16, 1871. '?'?My Lord— I beg to hand in a return respect ing the churches,, parsonages, schoolhouse3, glebes, and furniture of the churches in' the Diocese. \- ' Returns have been sent in respecting j)7 churches. The total number is, 64; a few more may be expected, the delay in making these re turns having arisen in some cases from acci dental circumstances. In the accompanying table, which contains a digest of the returns, I have marked those churches which are conse crated, and the parishes which possess par sonages, schools, burial-grounds, and glebes. 'I may mention that in many cases there is a doubt existing as to the consecration of the church and burial-grounds. Possibly the re turns on this subject may be made more com plete by reference to the Diocesan Register, the present incumbents not having the means of obtaining the necessary information. 'The very great majority of the churches are well provided with reading-desks or lecterns, table linen, and plate necessary for the adminis tration of the Lord's Supper, books, registers,, and musical instruments. No less than 26 have no fonts, and many of the existing fonts are very, small and insufficient for the immersion of an infant if desired. In 17 no surplices have been provided by the Wardens. -'Very few churches, parsonages, or schools are insured. A difference of opinion may exist as to the necessity of insuring churches aud schools, as the risk is very small of their catching fire; but this could not be said of the parsonages This point, however, will be brought before the attention of Synod in the report on the duties of Churchwarden.— I have, &c;, ' ' C. Marryat, Archdeacon of Adelaide,' DAYS AND HOURS OF MEETING. The days and hours ©f meeting were fixed the same as last year — Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays (except Thursday, May 18), and Fridays, at 3 o'clock. On Wednesday, May 17, however, tie Synod will meet at 2 o'clock. standing' committees report. The Secretary (Mr. F. Wicksteed) readlthe annual report of the Standing Committee, which, we subjoin, with various other reports included ' under this heading. . . REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE TO SYNOD, -:- ? .-? 1871. ? .: ? v ?? :.?; . 'The Standing Committee desire to submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their . attention during the past year:— '1. Incorporation of Synod.— This object has been accomplished, and the Committee would draw attention to the safe and satisfactory mode now existing for the investment of church pro perty of every kind and in all parts of the colony, by the simple conveyance of the same to 'The Synod of the Church of -England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated,', which is now duly registered. Declarations of .trust would be given in the case of churches as nearly . as may be in accordance with the provLions of the model Trust Deed. They .have to record that by the liberality of the Hon. JohnBenthain Neales, M.L.C., the Synod has been put in pos session of a piece of land at Glenelg, such pos session being deemed necessary to facilitate the incorporation. . - '2. Validity of Marriages.— -In compliance with resolution of Synod, May 27, 1870, the Lord Bishop wrote to the Chief Secretary to urge upon the Government to take the.necessary steps to remove all doubts that had arisen as to the validity of marriages celebrated by this and other Churches. In reply, the Chief Secretary wrote to say, that 'The Government having given the matter their careful consideration were of opinion that it was unnecessary to take legislative action, unless doubts which appeared to be quieted should again be raised add upheld, more especially as any Act such as that contemplated by Synod must necessarily have an ex post facto operation.' ! '3. St. Asaph Fund.— Your Committee have again to record the liberal gift of. £100 Irem the Right Rev. Bishop Short, late of St. Asaph, notwithstanding His Lordship's retirement f roin the See and all its emoluments; aud hav(e to state that this has enabled them to complete the payment of all the endowments in Schedule C advanced by the Attorneys of the S.P.G., except £38 15s. due as part of the endowment of St. Paul's, Adelaide. ' 4. Petitions to Parliament. — In compliance with resolution of Syned, petitions to Parliament, urging that in any future Ordinances religious instruction should neither be enforced nor prevented in schools receiving State aid, have been presented— the petition to the Legislative Council, on the 6th October, 1870, by the Hon. Wm. Morgan ; that to the House of Assembly, on the 9th September, 1870, by H. K. Hughes, Esq. ' 5. Report on Parsonage-Houses. — Your Committee would recommend :— 1st. That it be the duty of the Churchwardens in e|pry parish possessing a parsonage-house to insure the same and see that it be kept in repair, and that for this purpose they should have the pawer of inspection from time to time. 2nd. That the Vestries authorize the Churchwardens to deduct a certain amount from the weekly offertory to form a fund to meet the necessary expenditure in ordinary repairs. 3rd. That all extraordinary repairs which maybe required be reported to the Vestry, to deal with as they think best. '6. Synodal Expenses.— They are happy to report that the amount received during the past year has been within a few shillings equal to the expenditure, except so far a3 regards the expenses of incorporation, which have been generously promised by the Attorneys of the S.P.G. All the churches in which regular ser vices have been conducted have paid the amounts at which they were rated, with the exception of Hamilton, Brighton, Echunga, and Penwortham. The Committee recommend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the addition to Class No. 1 (£1) of the new churches at Meadows, Strathalbyn, and Glenburn. ' 7. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— They are happy to be able to refer to the quin quennial report with satisfaction, and would particularly call attention to the proposal to raise the Guarantee Fund from £1,128 4s. 6d., at which it now stands, to £2,000. ' ' 8. General Church Fund and Home Mission, — They are happy to announce an improvement in the amount of the collections in aid of this fund over that of last year, although it has fallen far short of that of the previous vear. The amounts have been— 1868-9, £170*; 1869-70, £119; 1870-1, £148. Notwithstanding this im provement, the Committee have only been able to make grants in aid of clerical incomes to the extent ot 6l£ per cent, of the full scale. The plan of placing in the plate on the first Sunday in the month an additional amount (generally Is.), wrapped in paper' to distinguish it for special application to this fund, has been, they believe, successful in the churches in which the experiment has been tried, the College Chapel and Christchurch amongst others. ' 9. Mission to the Heathen.— The sum col lected in aid of this mission is on the whole satisfactory; and this is due chiefly to the inte rest taken in the Melanesian Mission. It:doe3 not, however, equal the collections in 1869. The amounts received were respectively— 1868-9; £126: 1869-70,. £90; 1870-71, £117. Special reports of the only missions which have been aided by this fund are published herewith. . '11. Endowment of Churches.— The Church of *Holy Trinity, Riverton, has been endowed in the full amount, of £500, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, in an additional £100, making up the sum of £500. The Committee are still open to receive applications for endowment and extension of endowment. 'It will be seen frcm the following memo randum that exceptional advantages are offered for the next six months:— ' 'Resolution passed at Board Meeting of the Church of England Endowment Society on. May ? 10,1671:- ..?/.; ' . ? i '/Resolved, that an offer,' to be open for six months only, be made through the Synod to the different country and suburban churches of the diocese not yet endowed to the full extent of £50 per annum, to the- following effect, viz,: — That this Society will be willing to give £300 to meet the S.P.G. Attorneys' grant of £50 and the parishes' amount of £150, so as to make up the endowment to £500; and also churches already partially endowed shall be aided in like manner. The above terms of assistance to be given to the extent of the expenditure of £1,400 now estimated as available income.' ' 12. Schedule C— They recommend that the following Churches, which have received aid in the amounts and for the terms stated below, be placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1872: — St. George's, Woodforde, 11 years £196 5 7 St. MaryTs, South-road, 12 years... 195 9 2 St. Stephen's, Willunga,9years... 176 17 1 St. Margaret's, Woodville, 11 years 368 9 11. St. Andrew's, Walkerville, 11 years 257 16 . 0 St. Michael's, Miteham, 6 years .. 98 4 1 These Churches received notice of the intention of the Committee to recommend this step in September last, and none have shown cause for exemption except St. Mary's, South-road, and the consideration of this Church they hereby refer to Synod. '13. Schedule A.— The followiug Churches have been added to this schedule during the year:— Holy Evangelist's, Goolwa; St. Augus tine's, Port Victor; and St. James's, Glenburn. '14. Parochial Boundaries.— The Attorneys of the S.P.G. have purchased maps of all the hundreds in the province on a large scale, the use of which they have allowed the Synod, so that as it from time to time becomes necessary to define parishes the labour will be considerably alleviated. The special question of the boun daries of the Parochial District of Miteham has been referred to a Committee to act with the Lord Bishop, and they have not as yet reported. '15. Statistisal Returns.— Your Comm'ttee are glad to be able to report a very marked im provement in this matter. On the 9th May only three Churches had failed to send in their returns, and for two of these reasonable excuses have been assigned. . |.f 16. Certificates of Election of Synodsmen.— The duty of Chairmen of Vestries in this matter has been very inadequately performed, but as this comes more especially under the supervision of the Election Committee it will probably be commented upon in their report. '17. Union with Synod. — This subject also belongs more especially to the Election Com mittee. ... '18. The Table of Collections, &c;— A refe rence to the table will make it apparent that some Churches, have omitted altogether to con tribute, and some others might well increase their efforts. . ;? ' 19. Reports of Select Committees.— With regard to the .reports of Select Committees appointed by last. Synod, they have to report as follows :r- .. ',,' .','.? . 'Duties of Churchwardens.— The Select Com mittee have, sent in a report, which this Com mittee have ordered to be printed. ' Extra-Parochial Districts.— TheLord Bishop to report: ' .'. ? . 'Abolition of Pew-Rents.— The Committee have made little progress, having been awaiting the arrival of returns from England, which have lately come to hand. They recommend the appointment of another Committee. 'Church Schools.— See report. ' Religious Instruction in Schools. — A meet ing having been convened by the Lord Bishop, at which the Rev. Messrs. Haining, Lyall, and Binks attended, it was found after friendly dis cussion that no joint action was likely to be agreed on with reference to religious instruction in State-aided schools, definite systematic teach ing, Bible reading simply, and secular instruc tion exclusively being advocated respectively by the different individuals assembled. 'Poonindie Institute.— A report, which this Committee think will be the subject of great interest, will be found in another place.' MELANESIAN MISSION REPORT FOR THE DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. 'Your Committee have to report to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, the result of their abours during the year ending 31st March, '1. The amount remitted to Auckland forthe Mission from this Diocese during the past twelve months was only £200. A remittance has since been made of £60. '2. The collections, as shown by the Trea surer's statement for the past year (appended hereto), amount only to £190 4s. 7d., showing a considerable falling off as compared with previous years. ' 3. Some few meetings in aid of tie Mission have been held|in country parishes; but with the exception of Christchwrch, North Adelaide, and St. Paul's, South Adelaide, no special efforts have been made in Adelaide. One of the town Churches has not contributed. '4. It is proposed to reorganzie the Committee, and to hold a meeting in South Adelaide with a view of making vigorous efforts to help the Mission, which needs pecuniary aid and deserves our wannest support and confidence. ' 5. The following extracts from the report of the Melanesian Mission, published in Auckland, for the year 1870, will be read with interest by the subscribers and other Churchmen of South Australia: — 'The number of scholars almost exceeds our means of training them, especially during the four winter months. Eighty Melanesians were at Norfolk Island in charge of two missionaries. At such times^ the scholars are especially on their good behaviour, and the influence of the old lads and youug men over the younger ones is fairly tested. The general health of the party has been good. Twenty-two have been baptized, among them nine girls. Eight have been confirmed; two were girls. Our little church is already too much crowded. The Rev. George Sarawia (native clergyman) has 30 lads at his school at Mota. He leads a good consistent life, and is greatly respected, by his people. The daily life of all the old scholars at Mota, the morning and evening prayers and hymns at Ara, and their conversation with rela tives and friends wherever they may be, are producing good effects. All our old scholars, whom we wished to bring back after three or four months' sojourn with their people, are with us. They were all, thank God, preserved from falling into evil. There w no instance of any scholar disgraciitg his Christ tan profession.1 tc The Rev. C. H. Brook is chiefly engaged at the Florida and Solomon Group of Islands. He succeeded in establishing the independence of individual chiefs, and went from one end of the island to the other. There is a large popula tion. He opened a school, and gave reading, sheets to old scholars, who taught the little ones in their respective villages. Nine boys chosen by him were forwarded to Norfolk Island, in addition to seven previously seut. ''The Rev. J. Atkin visited a large number of islands in the Southern Cross (now made sea worthy), and stayed some time at Wano Arosi (San Cnstoal), Agi, and Malanta. . ' The missionary staff consists of the Bishop and six English and one native clergymen, and 17 native teachers. 'The expenditure for the, yeai) ending 31st December, 1870, was for— I Buildings, farm, clothing, provi sions, stipends, and wages ...£1,323 2 10 The Southern Cro$s' repairs; stores, ' wages, &c.; ... ... ' ... 2,267 2 11 £3,590 5 9 The Receipts— A tbaukoffering ... ... ... 800 0 0 S.P.G. ... ... ... ... 325 0 0 Subscriptions -from Australasian Colonies and New Zealand ... 1,539 7 11 From trusts, loans; Norfolk Island - , and St.' Augustine's, donations ?and remittances from Herries ??,:? ', f andCo.,&c.; ... .:. .... 830 3 6 Balance ? :: 9514 4', , £3,590 5 9 'The Committee feel assured that all friends of missions to the -heathen will rejoice to hear that Bishop Patteson's health is improved. Although not so strong as he was, he is able to engage in the tmerous' duties of his sacred calling. 'In conclusion, the Committee 'would urge upon their fellow-churchmen in South Australia to help the good work of evahgelismgthe heathen in the great Pacific. : ?-'':?- . ^'lt is a great advantage to have one at the head of the Mission who possesses the con-; fidence of all who come within the reach of his influence. . . ? ' , ' ' The Coinmitte appeal to the clergy and laity of this diocese for earnest hearty cooperation with them. , . . / ?.-?!. .,, 'May the blessing of our Heavenly Father crown the efforts of all who are engaged, in humble reliance on His help, in the work of making known His Blessed Son to those who as yet know Him not. . . , 'A Russell, Chairman.' REPORT OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND MISSION TO THE HEATHEN ABORIGINES. ' The school at Lacepede Bay has been fairly attended during the past year. Miss Armstrong reports the present numbers to be five boys and five girls. Four boys, who were for some time inmates of the school, are now shepherding on theCoorong. Two girls have died. The girls have been yery regular in their attendance ; the boys less so, being frequently taken away for a time by their parents. 'the Rev. H. Howitt, Incumbent of St. Peter's, Robe, has visited the school, and reports yery favourably on the management, not only on the evident progress of the children, but for their general appearance and behaviour. ' The following is an extract from his report: — * I examined the copybooks, heard them read, spell, and sing, &c;, and asked them several questions on the life of our Lord, and was very much pleased with the result. The discipline appears to be very good. I cannot but express a hope*that something will be done to prevent the closing of the school^ It is evident enough, even on a very slight inspection, that real good is being done; and even though some of them may return to their wild state, yet the good influences of the school will surely remain with them to a considerable extent, and tend to make them infinitely better than if they had always been left to their own devices.' ' The institution has cost during the year tho sum of £142 4s. 3d. ' The receipts during the same period, £148 13s. 6d., leaving in the hands of the Treasurer a balance of £6 9s. 3d. Expenditure, £142 8s.; less due last year, £59 9s. Total cost of year, if there are no liabilities, £82 19s. 'The building, which is of wood, is in a very bad state of repair, and extra funds are much required to put it into proper order. ' It is much to be regretted that this being the only Church of England Native Mission not self-supporting, that more assistance has not been given by the various Churches, only 18 having contributed towards it during the past year.' 'F. W. Marshall, ' Hon. Secretary and Treasurer.' [ REPORT OF MISSIONARY WORK IN EXTRAPARO CHIAL DISTRICTS. ' I have pleasure in laying , the following information before Synod:—. , ' In accordance with Fundamental Provisien No. 18, 1 appointed Canon Dove to make mis-' sionary tours in' the extra-parochial district to the north of the Broughton, having taken him with me previously in June, 1870, through the stations as far as Port Augusta and Melrose. In September, 1870, and March of the present year, he was able to visit those townships, giving on hislast journey one Sunday to each. Thirty baptisms on his first tour and 17 on the second attest the need of pastoral care and of a resident missionary clergyman as soon as possible. ' At Melrose an evening service on Sundays has been added, at his suggestion, by the help of two approved lay readers. Until a resident missionary can be appointed permanently to this, mission, I propose to send Canon Dove three times a year . to parts of this very extensive district, and especially at shearing time to the stations. 'At Narracoorte and Penola arrangements have been made by the members of the Church of England to contribute £145 towards the stipend of a missionary who shall divide his Sunday ministrations between those places. I propose to supplement this sum to £200, and to appoint the Rev. F. W. Marshall, when in priest's orders, to this missionary cure. 'I regret to say that I have 'been unable to send any clergyman along the Western Coast. Since Mr. Webb's last visit in 1869 no clergyman has been at liberty to undertake this long and fatiguing journey. Meanwhile Mr. O. K. Richardson, lay reader, conducts the services at St. Augustine s, Streaky Bay. The travelling expenses connected with these and other mis sionary excursions are defrayed ont of the 'Missionary Chaplain Fund,' allowed by the S.P.G. Attorneys and the Thorngate Bene faction. ' There is great need of a missionary clergy man', who should supply services at the Gaol, Destitute Asylum, Hospital, Lunatic Asylum, Reformatory, and Industrial Schools at Magill. The occupants of these places can hardly be said to be residents in any parish. Hitherto the kindly zeal of the parochial clergy has done much to supply the want, but it is to be hoped the time is not far distant when the remuneration offered for the discharge of these duties will secure a missionary clergyman licensed to this duty. ' Missionary forage allowance assigned by the 'S.P.G. Attorneys to the following districts Kangaroo Island, Robe, Port Wakefield, MypoDga— will, it is hoped, spread the services of 'our clergyman over a larger area of the pro vince. ' Mr. Howitt, from Robe, visits the country within a radius of 35 miles from tho township, including Lacepsde Bay. ; 'Port Wakefield and Hoyleton are placed under the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, of Auburn. ' Kangaroo Island is visited occasionally by the Rev. C. Morse, whose reports show the large amount of missionary work to be done. Ho will again shortly visit the Island. ' Other districts, such as Truro and Blanche town, need pastoral care, which I hope to supply when the existing parishes are again occupied by settled ministers and mor« clergymen are added to our body. x 'A. Adelaide,' 