Country News, by Mail. The latest items of Country News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. THE MISSION AT FRASER ISLAND. THE Rev. E. Fuller has kindly furnished us (Maryborough Chronicle) with some additional particulars of his labors at this spot, from the date of our last reference thereto. Since that time he ha? continued holding school among " the natives. Abont five week 3 ago a tolerably good number were camped at the mission, but on February 5 the blocks held a corroboree, when they were joined by blacks from the main land. On that day there were about 100 present, and on the following Sunday, in tl«e evening, Mr. Fuller was left all alone, for '.ha blacks belonging to the mission went off with the mob. They are now going about tbe island, something like a circus, and hold ing corroboree3 at the various camping-places of the natives ; and from that time to this only two have bei-n attending school. Of these one can real tolerably well in the New Testament. Several, after mastering the alphabet, ard just beginning to read in the Testament, have left for other parts of the island. Of them it certainly may be said, " they love to roam," for in no one particular spot of the island do they seem to stay for any length of time more than where the mission is located. This is their crossing-place from the maini.trd. On the other side there 19 a track from .•.Maryborough to the water's edge. The natives come there and light signal- fire?, when thote from the island go across in their bark canoes and fetch them over. Vl Ou the other side of the island there is a place they call the " Wow country," or " Salt water," where the mussels or cockles, and kulb hinc, &0., are said to be very plentiful; yet eveu there they do not stay for any length of time. • As a rule, therefore, the missionary can de pend only upon those whom he can furnish with employment, and supply with rations; the others wander about, of necessity in search of food. The one native who is staying with him now has been stationary for about three months ; he acts as cook, and is also a sort of colleague, as be assists in the school by explain icg to the other natives the meaning of the scripture illustrations, &c;, which are sometimes shewn to them. He can speak very good English, as well as read tolerably well; he is a young men, and cannot very well run away with the other blacks, aa he has a bad leg that almost impedes his walking about. Mr. Fuller had another native employed working with him on a piece of ground that he is cultivating, but him lie was obliged to discharge some time back for want of sui&Vient; ra:ions. Supplies have, however, since been forwarded from Mary borough, Rockhampton, Brisbane, and Ipswich, for which the utmost gr.ttitu.de ia expressed by our correspondent. >f The natives are very fond of singing, and when one or two can be got together, they are taught to sing in their native language " Come to Jesus," or •' Jesns died for me," Ac, and they will sing when they cannot be induced to do anything else. They are a laughter-loving people; the least thing starts tbem off. A trifling mistake at school, or other trivial cause, sets them on at once, and they are often seen laughing and singing under privations that would make a white man groan. There was one woman that for some consider able time would not let her son attend school,' even after he had learnt hiß alphabet, and was beginning to read in the Testatment. Her rea son for keeping him back was unknown, but one day one of the other scholars returned from Maryborough, and. informed the* rest that a gentleman up there had given him two shillings because he could read a little in a book. This news apparently unlocked the old lady's heart, and she then permitted her son to attend sohool, thinking evidently that there was something to be made out of it. As a rule they learn just as qnickly as the whites, especially when young. Mr. Fuller is making some progress in the native language, which enables him to explain to the natives— when they are reading—the meaning of the words in their own language. Some of the na tives hare some very curious notions, and are very superstitious. The black who is at the' mission now asaerfcs that his uncle, who is a doctor among the natives,-cannot be killed; he aays he will never die, and that he can fly like a bird, or dive under ground and come out at some considerable distance. He also has a theory about the existence of numerous ghosts (called Mather) on the island, and has promised to show them to Mr. Fuller some night when he can get another black to accompany him. As regards cultivating the soil, all attempts in this line have hitherto proved a failure. Nearly everything that was planted—such as msize, potatoes, cabbage, carrots, onions, lettuce, radish, mustard and cress, pumpkins, melons, &c.;—came up, but having got their heads above ground the sight of Fraser's Island seemed to frighten them, and they declined coming any farther, except the maize and potatoes. The latter all ran away to top, and left nothing at the root. The maize grew up to about half its usual height (and in many instances only about a quarter), and then made a show for corn, but the cobs are small and good for nothing. Mr. Fuller has Bent us specimens of the plants, &.C., after being three or four months in the ground, the stunted condition of which is very remarkable. We have also received from him samples of the two kinds of soil of which the whole island seems to be composed—one, a light silvery sand, is that which chiefly abounds; and another, apparently consisting of decomposed limestone and organic matter, found only in the swamps. Its appearance betokens extraordinary richness, and the cause of its blighting effect on vegetation has yet to be found out. It is probably duo to insufficient aeration and want of drainage. A drain, 2 feet 6 inches deep, has now been dug round the ground, and the soil has been once more stirred and replanted, to give it another trial. Some of the beds have been manured—a very unne cessary addition, we should imagine. Some shrubs and plants from the Botanical Gardens, Brisbane, have likewise been planted in both Boiip, of which a portion seem to be doing well, . whilst) others are dying off. If the soil fails altogether, Mr. Fuller intends, if l:e can get a boat, to turn his attention to the Bc-a, and if possible do something in the fishing liao.^ For he considers that there ought to be a mission on Fraser's Island, whatever may be done elsewhere, on account of the number of natives constantly resorting there. But unless some means can be devised for employing the natives, so as to put a stop to their wanderings, much success in Christianising or civilising them can hardly be expected. 