E!XTPRAOIDINAY I STORY OF LORD' Bit1O UWflA.. One of the moat remarkable storiesa recently told appears in Lord Broughanm's autobiographiy, which has just been issued by Measrs Blackwood :-'"A most ro markable thing happened to me-so ro- markable that I must toll the story from: the beginning. After I left the 'high' school', I went with G--, my most in timate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated on many grave subjects, among otnhers, on the immor tality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts waiting, but of the dead appearing to the living, were sub jecta of much speculation; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of ua died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the 'life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G-- went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. 1ie seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him; more over, his family hnving little connection. with Edinburgh, I seldom siw or heard* anything of them, or of himn through them, so that all the old schoolboy inti macy hind died out, and I had nearly for gotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had under gone, I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had do posited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G - , looking calmly at me. Howt I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself' sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G , had disappieared. This vision produced such a shook that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to spesk about it even to Stuart; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid as not to ie easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it, that I have here written down the whole history with the date, December 19th, and all the pa-s tieulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moe. ment doubt; yet for years I had no com munication with G -, nor had there been anything to recall him to my rocel lection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G - or with India, or with any thing relating to him. or to any member of his family. I reecollected quickly enough our old dlisacnsion, and the har guin we had nmade. I could not dlishargo from my mind the impression that -- must have died, and that his appearanee to me was to be received by me as n proof of a fiture state.' This was onfDecember 19, 1799. In October, 186l2, Lord Broug himn added as a posteript-" I have just hren copying out from mny journal the ac count of thlis stnrang dream. Certissima m,,ntlis ima,,g. And now to finish the story, Iho-gun about ;10 yenrs since. Sonot after my retuira to Edinburgh there ae tinlly arrired a letter fron India an nouniung GI--'s death, and stating that he died on December 19.'" 