THE REPORT OP THE WARDEN ON THE GOLD FIELDS Mr. Peterswald's quarterly report, reached us too late for insertion during the week when it was published, but as it is a document of some importance we will now summarise it. The Warden states as before that our old-fields have not advanced beyond the of being merely outlets for otherwise unemployed labor, and that the large for labor in consequence of operations has materially affected the diggings during the first quarter of year. Alluvial digging at Barossa has consequently been slack, the scarcity of water also having had its effect in reducing the number of diggers. The Warden considers that even without any discoveries if there were a good of water, from 200 to 300 men could be supported for a considerable We hope before another summer steps will be taken to secure an adequate supply, by means of reservoirs, which in many places could be easily constructed by damming up the narrow gullies. The Williamstown discovery, after being worked steadily for some time, was about to be abandoned, when a fresh discovery was made, running in a different direction from the supposed course of the lead. Several tons from this spot yielded nearly an ounce to the ton. Some 30 or 40 men were at work on the Mount Pleasant Gully when the Warden last visited the place, and they seemed to be moderately successful. At the Onkaparinga River and the neighborhood of Jupiter Creek, Echunga, Meadows Ac., about 200 men were em ployed. Mr. Peterswald reports having found that besides the diggers working on Crown Lands, a large number of persons in different parts of the colony are irorking on private property, in many instances with considerable success. Reefing does not appear to have been tarried on with sufficient energy or sufficient capital, and many claims which m the other colonies would have commanded unlimited resources have been suspended owing to the want of means; The German Reef and the Stirling Reef are still being steadily worked, and batteries erected for crushing the quartz. Work has been resumed at the Mount Pleasant Company's reef where an engine shaft is being sunk with the view of "erecting machinery. Allusion is made to the apparent anomaly of the absence of payable reefs in connection with our alluvial diggings, and the belief is asserted that payable reefs will sooner or later be discovered, especially in the neighborhoods of Echunga and Barossa. The discovery of gold in the Uloloo Creek 28 miles north-east of the Burra, next comes under notice, and a very favorable opinion is expressed of the appearance of the North country, as to its probable auriferous nature. The whole of the north abounds in watercourses similar to Uloloo creek, and the Warden remarks " even should the present discovery not be followed up with sufficient onergy to ensure success, I have little doubt that before long the claims at the North as a gold producing district will be fully recognised by the public." "From enquiries from gold buyers, I estimate the quantity of gold sold from lBt January to the 31st of March 1871 at about 2,000 ounces." We believe we shall never have our gold- bearing country properly tested until some extraordinary discovery is made, or some "new blood " introduced into our digging community. The in- tense apathy prevailing in this colony, when compared with the energy and enterprise apparent in the other colonies is really disgusting. We hear of yields obtained from claims in South Australian diggings which would cause a great rush and excitement for miles around if found in Victoria or New South Wales, and the ground in the neighborhood would soon be thoroughly tried by some hundreds of competent hands. We recently heard of a rush in New South Wales, and which was occasioned by the discovery of washdirt yielding only six pennyweights to the ton. Why on our diggings double that quantity is thought poor, and even quartz reefs turning out no more than six pennyweights to the ton are thought not worth working. We are too apt in this colony to despise the day of small things, to show a want of appreciation of small mercies. We are in too much haste to get rich; and in seeking after something better than we have; we are apt to neglect the moderate blessings which lie at our feet. On almost any Victorian gold-field such returns as have been obtained at Barossa would have induced a systematic search over a far larger area than has been tried here and more than that, something would have been done to store a supply of water in the principal gullies during the summer months. There may be some individual diggers of the right stamp, and even these may be unfortunate ; but we maintain that for the sake of developing so important a source of wealth, it becomes almost a duty on the part of the community to assist those who are able and willing to work, but who have not the means of working long without returns. We think the Government would be warranted in granting more help than they have yet done to encourage prospecting, for hitherto nothing has been done on a large scale. There has been another cause in operation which we fear has had a very damping influence on the due development of our gold-fields. It is similar to the sentiment conveyed in the old SAW—" Give a dog a bad name and hang him." We have on former occasions expressed the opinion that the visits of Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Hargreavesto this colony, inconnec tion with the search for gold, were productive of great harm to the diggings interest. Many persons argued that ifBO learned a geologist, and so clever and experienced a gold-discoverer pronounced this colony barren of gold, it was useless to make the search. We, however, venture to believe that the hasty examination given by those gentlemen was insufficient to determine the feet of the existence or non-texistence of gold, and we think subsequent dis- coveries have proved at least that their conclusions were too hastily formed. We trust before long the community generally will arouse to the importance of taking their share of the work of developing our South Australian gold-fields. PAYABLE DIGGING.—We have been informed lately that a party working on the Deep Lead_ have been very successful for some little time past, their last crushing last week consisted of twenty five tons of cement which yielded 17 ozs of pure gold. We understand that other crushings are booked at the Victoria Crusher for next week. THE VICTORIA CRUSHER.—We understand the improvements made in the Victoria Company's Crusher at the Barossa diggings have proved very successful, and that more gold is saved than was the case before the alteration. Britcher's crusher is now we believe idle. WITITASTON WESLBTAN CHAPEL.—The anniversary of the TTesleyan Chapel Willaston will take place on Sunday next 30th inst. when sermons will be preached by the Rev. S. T. Wellington. On the Monday following the usual tea and public meeting will be held. NORTHERN TELEGBAPH.—We received a call from Mr. Ronnsevell a day or two ago. He has just returned from the Far North, and tells us that everything in connection with the telegraph line is going on very satisfactorily. On his section of the work 350 miles of poles are now erected, and be expects to finish the whole 500 miles by the end of July, and hopes the wire will be stretched a month later. They are now putting up the wire at the rate of 20 miles a week, but no communication is yet made with Port Augusta, as the heavier wire required for this end of the line is in the Saxon, now fully due. She has on board the first hundred miles of wire for the line. The drays of the Government party had safely crossed the MacDonnell ranges, and the Government work was in a forward state. MIINEB STEPHEW'S GOLD CBADM AHAB- GAMATOB.—Mr. G. M. Stephen's wonderful machines for extracting gold from wash-dirt seem to be gaining in public favor in the other colonies. We extract the following testimonial as to its merits from the Sydney Morning Herald:—"Mr. Milner Stephen having during the last month worked his Patent Cradle Amalgamator on this goldfield, operating on quartz tadings, washing stuff from deep sinking (unpuddled), and sludge from puddling machines, and with the utmost success, we consider it a duty to the inventor and our fellow- miners to testify our opinion that it is a perfect gold saver, and that it will save fine gold, which no puddling* machine, cradle, long-tom, or sluice- box can possibly retain. Some of the undersigned, who saw or assisted in working the machine, are confident that, by applying a horsepower (to keep it continually going and pumping the water), with two men attending it, this Cradle Amalgamator can get through as much "puddled" stuff as eighteen men with six onlinary cradles can get through per day. Many of us are of opinion also, that the machine would supersede the use of blankets and copper tables for quartz-crushing plants." The testimonial is signed by above 60 persons, chiefly diggers, gold mining engineers and quartz reefers. If these machines can extract gold in payable quantities from the tailings of other machines, surely there is a veiy good prospect of success for that which is about to be started on the Barossa Diggings. A GENUINE IBISHWOXAN.—An aged and infirm woman named Hawes appeared at the Court on Tuesday against her sons for neglecting .'to support her. She was unable to spaak English, and could only express herself in the Irish (Celtic) tongue. The way in which she jumbled together a word 6f English and three or four of Celtic was rather amusing. Mr. William Broderick being a professor of native Irish, was sworn in as interpreter on the occasion. CHARLES' PANORAMA.—Gawler is being favored with a plethora of entertainments of various kinds; we no sooner get the Bellringers away, before preparations are made in the Institute Hall for the great performance, by local talent, of Handel's grand Oratorio of " the Messiah." That having come off, Charles' panorama of the war is looked for a few days after, being announced for exhibition on Thursday next, and the two following nights. It is not often that any entertainment in Gawler takes well on three consecutive evenings, but the fame of this panorama of the war and of scenes on the Nile and the great Suez Canal is such that it may prove more than ordinarily successful. The views have been highly spoken of by the press both in Adelaide and the other colonies. TROTTING MATCH.—On Monday afternoon a large number of persons from Gawler and the neighborhood, were seen riding on horseback or in vehicles, in a northerly direction, their object being to witness the trotting match between Mr. Pritchard's e.g. Cadger, and Mr. S. Bradley's br.g. Tommy. The former was ridden by his owner, and the latter by Mr. G. Smith. Both horses looked in very good condition, and the backers of each were very confident of winning. Tommy was rather the favorite, and a good sum in various amounts was bet on him. They were ridden quietly to the sixth milepost on the North Road, towards Tempter's, and about ten minutes past four a start was made, the course being three miles along the road towards Gawler. Cadger stepped out with a good lead, but was presently collared bv Tommy, whose backers gained confidence at this display of his speed. The two ran almost neck and neck for a considerable distance., sometimes one being a little ahead and sometimes the other. This style of thing continued for about two miles and a quarter, when, on coming to a hollow in the road Tommy made a false step and broke into a gallop. He was of course obliged to o back to where he broke, while Cadger f eeping on his swinging trot got far ahead, and Tommy's chance of the race was evidently lost. However he came up to the winning post only about SO yards behind Cadger, who was declared the winner, amidst loud cheers. The match was for £30 a side ; Mr. John James acted as starter, and Mr. J. H. Howe as iudge. Unfortunately the time was not taken, but from the known performances of these horses, it is believed to have been a few seconds under ten minutes. There are gentlemen in Gawler willling again to back Tommy against Cadger for trotting in harness as he would be then not likely to break. This horse was the property of the late Dr. Beyer who, we believe, gave 60 guineas for him. He was backed on a former occasion to trot three miles in nine minutes. Cadger is a wiry chesnut belonging to Mr. Pritchard of Gawler River and is well known as a very fast trotter. COLLECTIONS FOR FRENCH RELIEF.—"We see a fresh movement is being made for collecting funds for the relief of the distressed French. Although so much has already been done in contributing towardsthe war relief-funds, we have no doubt further amounts will be cheerfully given by those who can afford to do so, as the detail* of the sufferings endured by the Parisians become known. A considerable number of donations in the shape of wheat are being received from the country districts, and it » very likely a good amount altogether will- W collected. O LOCAL PHOTOGRAPHS.—Mr. James Taylor* our local photographer, has been very successful in many of his efforts, but in. none more than in some recent pictures of the- Victoria and the Albion Mills. These, as well as the photograph of the Old Bushmait> yards, during one of Mr. Wilkinson's auction sales, are remarkably clear and sharply defined. Mr. Taylor has also produced' •N «\ m © _ i—i- some excellent photographs of public buildings: * and private residences-in and around Gawler,. but we have scarcely seen any superior tothe three above mentioned, not even the work, of professional artists. "CAVE CANEM."—It is all very well for nervous people to keep savage dogs as-gnards to their houses, but we think such animals ought to be chained up, at least in the daytime, and even if loose at night arrangements, should be made to prevent the chance* of their worrying ordinary footpassengera.. Some dogs, like their masters, exercise at wise discrimination and do not molest quiet honest people, but others are unreasoning brutes, that would as soon bite the calf of' a bishop as that of a burglar. To< the latter class belongs a large and ratherhandsome animal attached to a publieestablishmentat the southern part of Murraystreet. This ferocious beast has on several s occasions bitten persons going to the place on business, and as he is often lying on the - footpath after dark it becomes dangerous for passengers passing who might inadvertently " tread on his tail." Last week the dog bit one of our boys, who was sent to the place to • leave a copy of the Times, and has sinee - then displayed his savage propensities to* another person. We have no doubt his: owner would have been summoned to answer for the acts of his dog, but for the position he holds in the town. Had the dog belonged to a poor man the case would very likely have Deen different, but we see no reason to make any distinction in such a matter between a J.P. or a laboring man. Some day the animal will probably bite one too many, and then his master will have to pay for the little amusement of his pet, or he may get treated to a dose which will incapacitate him from further mischief. ACCIDENT AT SHBAOAK LOG.—Our attention has been called to a very dangerous place about half-a mile this side Geue's public house on the Sheaoak Log Road. A largo culvert is being made in the main road, and is not- protected in any way, nor is there any light to warn travellers of their approach to a dangerous spot. There have been two or three narrow escapes lately, and on Saturday night, Mr. Heinjns, a iarmer who has resided for about eight years in the immediate neighborhood, in driving home met with a serious accident. The night was intensely dark, gand although Mr. Heinjus knows the road well and was looking out for the open culvert, and driving Blowly, his mare fell into it with the gig behind her. She was a good deal injured, the gig broken, and Mr. H einjus bruised and shaken. He managed to extricate himself, and went on to the hotel where fortunately there happened to be a number of drovers and others who came and helped him to get the mare out. We think Mr. Heinjus has a good claim against the Road Board for damages. POET ADBLAIDE.—A correspondent writes as follows undier dsto A^cil 26:-—The anniversary rfjt&ff; Cfflfaifrttrtional Sabbath H * u <3> A v# • v».< C& cS A cv 03 A> n a * © © School Was held on Sunday last. Two - a excellent sermons were preached by the Rev. T. James, in the morning from Genesis xxi. 16—" Let me not see the death of the child" and in the evening from Luke xi fl part of 2nd verse—" When ye pray say Our Fath er." In the afternoon an address was delivered to the children and their teachers and friends by the Rev. G. W. Patchell. A OS public tea meeting was held on Tuesday evening in the schoolroom and was well attended. A large audience afterwards assembled to hear a most interesting lecture bv the Rev. J. Henderson. The chair was filled by the Rev. J. Price. The Primitive Methodists at Queenstown also held their © Sabbath school anniversaiy on Sunday last when sermons were preached by the Rev. A Mr. Colley and the Rev. J. Price. On the o following Monday there was a public tea meeting which was largely attended. Mr.. Verrier occupied the chair. Interestingaddresses were delivered by Messrs. Chamer, m . Carter, Colley and Yates. Some good pieces were sung by the choir. The usual votes of' thanks were passed and the meeting closed tK 1 CN in the usual way. The proceeds of this anniversary were £6. CJ PHANTOM TANDEM TEAM.—The usually dead-and-alive locality of Onetree TTill is said to be the scene of veritable ghostly visitations. A quiet respectable farmer was driving his taam home about dusk the other evening, along a road between fences, when suddenly his leading horse shied, and he saw a tandem team attached to a trap dashed across the road in front of him, apparently passing through the fences, which seemed to offer no obstacle to their immaterial progress. On looking to see what became of this strange runaway team he could perceive nothing. On mentioning the fact to a friend, he was told that it was no new thing in that locality, for that a similar appearance had been witnessed by seven! residents in the neighborhood at different times for years past. Our informant saw no driver in the vehicle, but it is stated that others have seen a driver. We think it probable that our mead's attention being taken up with his frightened horse, and not suspecting anything supernatural, he may not hare looked very closely to see if there were any occupants of the vehicle or not. Or if, according to the orthodox style of ghostly visitations, this was merely the re-acting of some scene in a past life, the original driver may have lost his seat and got killed, before reaching the spot where the phantom horses were seen galloping away with the ghost of the trap. We have not yet had the opportunity of enquiring fully into the matter, we cannot therefore say whether there was ever a murder committed or even a fetal accident on the spot m days gone by. When we axein possession of further reliable particulars we shall give our- readers the benefit of" them. POBT OPPICE ALTERATIONS..—Messrs.. Taylor & Forgie are the successful tenderers, for the alterations at the Post and Telegraph Office* and Mr. Light from the architects' office was up this morning to point out the work to them. w P * © u est S A* FT 03- \- M •PH A B VJ^ 