FBWA Y, SEPTEMBER 22, 187L In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, tho Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. " In reply- to questions by hon. members, it was elicited-That it was not intended during the present session to introduce any measure for the purpose of specially dealing with prize-fighters and persons attending prize- fights ¡-that it was not intended at present to erect a post and telegraph office at Eagle- hawk, application having been made for two rooms in the court- house;-and that some little time would be allowed to elapse before tho supplementary voto for charitable institu- tions was brought down. Returns relative to the cost of drafting bills sinco the Constitution Act came into opera- tion until the 3Cth June last wero, on the motion of Mr. A. T. Clark, ordered to bo laid on the table. Tho resolutions passed in committee of supply on the previous evening, were reported and agreed to. The debate on the second reading of the Railway Construction Bill was resumed by Mr. FRANCIS, who defended the late Govern- ment from the charge of negligence which had been brought against them for not procoeding with railway extension, There was no undue delay. No sum was available from tho land fund until tho end of 1870, when tho first £200,000 fell in. But before that, the late Administration had intimated that the next line constructed would bo one to the west- ward. Every means were taken to obtain the necessary information as to the best route, and the engineer-in-chief was instructed that the cost of the line was not to exceed £5,000 per mile. He condemned the proposal to commence four new railways at onco, and argued that the adoption of such a policy would largely increase the cost of the works, besides delaying tho opening of all tho lines, Mr. WOODS supported the Government pro- positions, but said he was sorry that it was not intended to commence 1,000 instead of 200 miles of railway. Mr. VALE supported the bill, and at some length traversed the objections urged against the measure by the hon. members for West Melbourne, Richmond, and Belfast. Mr, WILLIAMS intended to vote for the second roading of the bill, but in committee he should endeavour to have the proposed line from Castlemaine to Maryborough altered o as togo direct through Maldon to Dunolly, and thence to Maryborough. A branch line to Newstead from Castlemaine should also be constructed. AU this could be done without increasing the mileage, and a far larger number of persons would be thus served with railway accommodation, Mr, GILLIES would support the motion before the Houso, bocause the moaaure included the principle of railway ex- tension, He, however, did not agree with all the Government propositions. There were districts in the colony which had superior claims to some of those to which tho bill contemplated extending railway accommodation. He should be prepared to discuss that question in committee, but he did not hesitate to say that were it intended to borrow the money for these lines, the four set forth in the bill would never have beon pro posed, and if proposed, Parliament wonld never havo assented to the proposition. The hon member proceeded to contend that there would not be money enough belonging to the colony to carry out all these lines, for he believed that they would be compelled before long to repeal the clause of the Land Act setting aside £200,000 a year for tho purposes of railway extension, and that consequently we should be obliged to go into tho market and borrow money to finish the railways. He did not believe Parliament was justified in pledging itself to any further expenditure on account of railway extension in excess of the amount at its disposal at the end of the pre- sent financial year, viz., £500,000. Mr, Duri'ï maintained that no more feasible proposition was ever presented to Parliament than that now submitted by the Government. The Government scheme must be taken as a whole. The four lines were all patt of a schome for extending railway communication into largo centres of industry, and for connect ingtheexistinglineswitheach other. This also would be done at a cost far less than that of the one North-Eastern line. The hon. member referred at some length to the various objec- tions which had been urged against the measure, and contended that none of them were of any force. The discussion was continued by Messrs. G. V. Smith, Riddell, and V. Ii. Smyth. The second reading wos thon agreed to by a majority of 49 to 12, and the bill was com- mitted pro forma. The House then adjourned until Tuesday next. _ Though the second reading of the Kailway Construction Bill has been carried by a large majority, it does not follow that it will pass into law in anything like its present shape. Indeed, there were many and unmistakable in- dications, in the course of last night's debate upon it, that strenuous attempts will be made to modify it in committee, and bring it within the limits of sober and prudent legislation. One member after another expressed his intention to vote for its second reading, and after- wards endeavour to have it amended in this or that important particular, and the Chief Secretary allowed it to be understood that it is not his intention to proceed, at once with all the four lines scheduled. The whole subject being still under consideration, we will see how it now stands, another long sitting having been devoted to its elucidation. The prin- cipal speakers in support of the bill last night were Mr. YALE and Mr. DUFFY, and the strong point with each was that the Government did not propose to con- struct four additional railways, but rather to introduce a scheme of railway extension of which the four linos each form a part. They also argued that the Government project contemplated a smaller expenditure . than the Railway Construction Act of 1868, and only a slightly increased mileage. So far their argument was identical, but it will be seen that it has no great force when we remind our readers that the Upper Murray line is long because the distance between Essendon and Belvoir is con- siderable. When 'it was planned out, the House had no choice but to make it all the way ; whereas now it is pro- posed to make four Unes at once which are not connected in any such mannerias to make their simultaneous construction either profitable or convenient. As to the comparative costliness of the line under construction, that was pointed out and objected to at the time of its projec tion, just aB the defects in Mr. DUFFY'S Unes are being discussed now. Further, Mr. VALE contended that the state was bound to adopt the scheme because the people so willed it, and indulged (In some rhetorical flights about the supe- riority of the sovereign people to cattle and sheep. But his strongest argument was, that railway extension should keep pace with the increase of popu- lation. For every addition of 100,000 to the latter, he would make 100 mUes of new raUway, without appa- rently taking any other circumstances into consideration, which is a pretty iUustration of his eccentric mode of reasoning. Can he not see that if our population was increased by 100,000, or any other number, the new comers would distribute themselves in some- thing Uko the same manner in which the present population 1B distributed, and bring increased traffic to existing 'lines lather than create a demand for new ones? Always supposing, of course, that no great change had taken>placa in the distribution of the people. Such a change may at any time necessitate the construction of a new line, but not a mere numerical increase. Mr. VALE'S logic is like that contained in the lines : " If a man who parsnips cries, Cries not when his father dies, * Thon it's clear the man would rather Have a-parsnip than a father." Mr. DUFFY ascribed the opposition which the bill had encountered to "poli " tical passion and prejudice," and immediately proceeded to give the House some choice specimens of both. His aim was to make railway*! for . people, and not such as would benefit. exclusively the wealthy merchant, or banker, or squatter, After a good tin!. of this kind of thing, and much abj^ of his opponents, the Chief Secretary answered Bome of the objections that had been raised. His best point was made in reply to certain strictures upon the financial aspect of his scheme, but even here he was very unsatisfactory. Mr. GILLIES had previously shown, with much clearness and force, that only half the money required to make the four railways had been provided, or could ba reasonably calculatedupon, and that there *"\ was consequently a likelihood that if all -^ four were commenced they would come to a standstill when half made for want of funds. It had not been shown, he said, how the promised £200,000 was to be got from the North-Eastern Railway construction fund, and the special ap- propriation clause in the Land Act could not be expected to produce anything after the end of the current financial year. In reply to the first remark, the Chief Secretary explained that certain portions of the North-Eastern line would not be completed at present, and a por- tion of the construction fund would therefore be available, at least for a time, for other works ; and in answer to the second, he taunted members opposite with having deluded the public by professing to appropriate money which was never to accrue ; which was no answer to Mr. GILLIES. On some other branches of the subject, Mr. DUFFY was equally weak, It was nut his wish, he repeated, to aggrandise Melbourne by bringing to it the traffic of other colo- nies, but to benefit the general public by establishing railway communication between gold- field andgold-field. Butthis is sheer buncombe, and Mr. DUFFY knows it. There is very little passenger traffic between gold-fields towns, and no goods traffic whatever. What each gold-fields town requires, and each agricultural district, is to be brought into communi- cation with the metropolis or with the seaboard. This once effected, commu- nication with every other place included in the railway system will be secured at the same time. All that has been said about the sinfulness of making a railway for the benefit of Eiverina squatters, while our own honest diggers and free selectors are obliged to content themselves with more primitive means of travel, is mere clap-trap. Our two Murray lines were intended to benefit the population of Victoria alone, and the only reason why they were made before some of the lines now in prospect was because there seemed reason to expect that they would pay better. In endeavouring to reply to the stric- tures of another member, Mr. DUFFY was extremely feeble. Mr. LANGTON had objected on Tuesday evening that the estimate of 45 per cent, as the working expenses of the proposed new lines was too low, and asked for further information on the point, and the Chief Secretary replied last night by saying that, the new lines, being single, would be more cheaply maintained than the present double lines; that as branch lines they would have no terminal expenses to pay ; and that they would escape the burthen which the cost of general management imposes upon the existing lines. But there is nothing in all this, triumphantly as Mr. DUFFY threw it at Mr. LANGTON'S head. Whether the new lines are debited with their fair proportion of the cost of the stations which they use, and the cost of general management, will be a mere matter of account. The cost wiU be incurred, and wUl have to be paid for, no matter how the books of the Railway department are kept. And as to single lines being cheaper 'to maintain than double ones, we think the direct con- trary will be found to be the fact. A3 to a further remark of Mr. DUFFY'S, that the new lines would be cheaply worked because their traffic would be small, it is only necessary to remark that if this be so, railway business must differ from every other of which the world has any experience, But there wiU be many opportunities to argue these and other raUway questions more fully before the committee has done with the bill. That the rank and file of the Ad- ministration should be willing to be trotted out at a three-and-sixpenny ordinary, wherever and whenever au enterprising publican and three or four local busybodies lay their wise heads together for the purpose of getting up a " Ministerial banquet," is not perhaps very surprising. Next to the astonish- ment they must feel at finding them- selves where they are must be the gratification they experience at being toasted as " HER MAJESTY'S Ministers," ! and lionised in the provincial towns in which these entertaining de- monstrations take place. But better things might be expected of Mr. DUFFY, He, at least, " has sat at " good men's feasts" in another country, . and must be fully alive to the unmean- ing absurdity of the " banquets" at which he is invited to attend, and where he is expected to pay for some indiffe- rent eating and drinking by making a carefully prepared and telling speech. The thing is becoming a . perfect nui- sance. All sort3 of local obscurltlea in all sorts of back streets and rights- ot- way are appointing themselves honorary secretaries to embryonic committees, and are sending invitations to the Chief Secretary and his coUoagues to dine with a number of their admirers. If Mr. DUFFY consents, the hon. secretary rises immediately to the dignity of a patron of the Ministry. He gets a committee together, has a number of tickets printed, enters into negotia- tions with a speculative innkeeper, gets up an excitement in the district, and becomes for a time a man of immense importance. ',' My friend the Chief " Secretary does this ; and my friend " the Chief Secretary says that," and " I havo arranged the toasts of the " evening as follows," «fee, <kc. Mean- while the position of the guests of the evening is one which almost entitles them to compassion. They serve as so many pedestals upon which provincial nobodies elevate themselves into public notice; and they are called upon to listen to after-dinner oratory of a. character particularly well calculated to aggravate the horrors of indigestion. In other parts of the world, public dinners ave given to men who have already distinguished themselves in statesmanship, war, art, literature, or solenco. But hero we are pursuing the -opposite principle. The members of the .Ministry are invited to partake of a " banquet" on the strength of what they 'may or may not perform hereafter. Their promises aro discounted, and -everything is taken upon trust. Mr. -GRAHAM BERRY may turn out to bo a brilliant financier. The genius of a jn£_.ussMANN may lurk unsuspected within ^orotund frame of Mr. O'GRADY. Mr. SPENSLEY may be an undeveloped ELDON .or BROUGHAM, and Mr. LONGMORE may .achieve a name in connexion with rail- ways more illustrious than that of the ?STEPHENSONS ; but there aro no present indicotions of these marvellous events comiDg to pass ; and, in their absence, the public may be well content to sus- pend its judgment, and learn to watch and wait. It will be quite time to make heroes of the members of "the " Ministry of Action" when they have -established their claims to hero Tvorship. Until then, they would best -consult their own self-respect and the dignity of the offices they hold, by refusing to be led about the country and made a show of at so much per head. Mr. DUFFY will not require to be re- minded of what HENRY the Fourth says with respect to his predecessor having made himself " So common hackney'd in the eyes o£ men, So stale and cheap to vulgar company," .that men lost all respect both for the person and the functions of their Sove- reign. Ministries are not monarchs, it is true j but they are likely to fall into greater disrepute even than RICHARD the Second did, if, like him, they " Amble up and down With shallow jesters and rash bavin wits." We think we may safely take it for granted that the majority of the members of the Intercolonial Con- ference, composed as it is of practical men who are anxious to promote the progress and prosperity of Aus- tralia as a whole, as well as to advance the separate interests of the colo- nies with which they are more im- mediately identified, will concur in determining that the two main lines of postal communication to be maintained with Europe, shall be via Suez and via California. Upon this point we may expect they will agree to take concerted action, leaving to each colony in its individual capacity the subsidising of any supplementary line, such as that from Queensland via Torrea Straits, and that from Victoria via the Cape of Good Hope. It is scarcely necessary, we trust, to assure the representatives of the other colonies that public opinion in Victoria is altogether averse to placing any re- liance on the Cape service for mail purposes, whether in substitution of, -or in competition with, the Suez service. The latter will always con- tinue to offer advantages to us which are unrivalled. It is 2,000 miles shorter than the shortest of the other Toutes; it follows the line of the .electric telegraph from Galle to Europe ; it brings us into regular communication -with three continents, and the arrange- ments of the Peninsular and Oriental Company are so perfect, aud its íesources so great, that an accident .occuiring to a mail steamer between either of the stations, is capable of being .remedied in a few days only, and in- volves therefore an inconsiderable in- terruption of the service. We hope to see a line of steamers . established via the Cape, and subsidised .l>y this Government, because we believe such a service would induce immigration of amostdesirablekind; butnoonedreams for a moment that anything more than asmall percentage of the correspondence passing between Great Britain and Vic- toria wouldbe conveyed by thesesteamers. Underthemostfavourablecircumstances, the transit will be longer than that by .way of the Red Sea, and there will always be an element of uncertainty in the performances of vessels which only -make one break in the voyage from Mel 'Ibourno to Southampton or Liverpool, and which, in order to accomplish all they undertake to effect, will have to maintain a late of speed, for six "weeks consecutively, such as the fastest ocean steamers afloat have never yet arrived at. It is perfectly ^certain, then, that for the inhabi- tants of South Australia, Tasmania, and Victoria-and perhaps wo should be jus- tified in adding, for those of New South Wales-the postal service via Suez will -be the one most popular, and the most freely and fully taken advantage of, for the simple reason that it will always combine the greatest expedition with the greatest certainty. The Railway Construction Bill was read a second time last night, and committed pro _ forma. The principal speecbos of the evening were those of the Chief Secretary and Messrs. -> Francis and Gillies. The real fight will be with regard to the several proposed routes, and will talco placo in committee. The Treasurer announced in the Legisla- tive Assembly yesterday, that the arrange ' ments for tho naval display on Thursday next .were all completed. Only some 400 persons could be comfortably accommodated at luncheon, and, hon, members would see that '?the two admission cards which would be sent to each, which would be for tho friends .of members, as they themselves would not require one, wonld, with the Governor and lis suite, the visitors from the neighbouring colonies, and Executive Councillors, make np the entire number. Any further appli- cation for tickets wonld therefore be useless. In reply to Mr. Francis, it was stated that a sum would be placed on the Supplementary Estimates to defray the expense. Mr. Cohen is determined that it shall bono -fault of his if the charitable institutions of Melbourne do not receive their fair share of , Government aid. He yesterday again ques- tioned the Treasurer upon the Bubject, and asked when the supplementary trrant in aid would bo brought down. Mr. Berry exhibited a very Btrong inclination to postpone the matter to a more convenient season, and to leave the subject envolopod in what to him would, no doubt, be a very pleasing state of uncertainty. Mr. Cohen, however, was not to be done, and ultimately the Treasurer con- sented that two-thirds of the additional £10,000 which he before promised should be devoted to the Melbourne institutions. As an illustration of the motives which 'influence the country townships in bau quoting, Ministers, wo may mention that a lovf days ago a mombor of the Legislative Assembly was asked if he would attend the proposed banquet at Ballarat. Tho person interrogated asked why the Ministers should bo feled. The reply was that the Water Com- mission expected to influence the Ministry to give them a loan of £100,000 to carry out the scheme of water supply propounded by the commission ! The Intercolonial Conference met yesterday, and sat until neariy 3 o'clock. In the ab- sence of the Chief Secretary, the chair was taken by the Treasurer, Mr. Berry. The sitting was principally occupied in consider- ing and furthor revising the resolutions re- lative to the postal service which had been printed for the purpose. The conference will resume its sittings to-day, after the repre- sentatives havo attended the parado of our local artillery corps. A mémorial for the establishment of a post office at Woodlands, in the shire of Bungaree, was presontod to the Postmaster General yesterday, by Mr. W. Clarke, M.L.A. Tho Minister of Mines yesterday promised Mr. W. Clarke, M.L.A. for Grenville, that the £160 promised by the late Governmont in aid of tho water supply works at Brown's and Scarsdale should be placed on the Supple- mentary Estimates. The board appointed by the Government to advise on the survey for the sewerage of Melbourne, held its second meeting yesterday, at the Public Works office. All the members of the board, with the exception of Mr. Higinbotham, the engineor-in-chiof, were present, and Mr, Wardell, inspector-general of public works, presided. Mr. Ellery was further examined in respect to tho area necessary to bo embraced by the trigono- metrical survey, and he also gave some valu- able information relating to the rainfall of ^Melbourne and the neighbourhood. Mr. ~~Doyne, C.E., was also examined as to tho scalo of the different surveys made for similar purposes in England and Ireland, Tho large increase in the mining business now going on at Sandhurst has lod the Government to despatch to that district four additional mining surveyors and an assistant warden. The latter is to relieve Mr. Cogdon of some of the work, which is now getting too heavy for one man. TheFlemington hounds met yesterday after- noon at the RacecourseHotel. There was afair muster of the mombers of the club. Tho run was of a very exciting character, the pace being good and the fences stiff. After a chase of eight or nine miles, the quarry (a deer) was run into, but the hounds wero whipped off and the deer saved for another day. A meeting of bakers and millers was held last evening at the Albion Hotel, Bourke street east, "to take into consideration the action of the city corporation against the bakers, and the consequent imputations cast on the millers." There were about 30 persons present, and several resolutions wore passed in favour of tho objects of the meeting. The committee of the Protestant Orphan- age at Emerald-hill met yesterday afternoon, to consider the best steps to be taken to pro vent tho reduction of tho Government grant from £5,000 to £3,500. Tho Hon. T. T. A'Beckett occupied the chair. Mr. James Balfour reported that he, with Mr. Exon, had that morning waited upon tho Treasurer, to whom he represented that the sudden reduction had placed the insti- tution in such a position that there would be no possibility of defraying the necos saiy expenses for maintenance. He laid the whole case before him, and asked whether he could bring down a supplementary estimate which would enable tho Government to give the institution £1,500 more, so that the grant might amount to £6,000, as in former yean. The Treasurer replied that he should not bring down a supplementary estimate for moro than £10,000, which ho had promised the House ; and he asked whether, if the insti- tution were given another £500, the committee would be able to raiso the rest of the required amount by private subscriptions. Ho told the Treasurer that £600 would not be enough, as it would still leave the committee to raise £1,000 more than they collected last year, but that if the Governmont would add £1,000 to tho £3,500, they would try to raise the rest. The Treasurer said he was distinctly of opinion that the Melbourne charities received more than their fair share as compared with the country districts, and Mr. Balfour re- plied that this orphanage had its 300 odd children to support. The Treasurer also said that if the city corporation would bring in a bill to enable them to grant donations to tho charities of tho city-donations which their act of incorporation at present rendered illegal-he would guarantee that the bill should pass through the House in one night ; but it must be initiated by them. Ultimately, he gave no promiso, but took a note of the com- mittee's request, and said he would do his best for them in re- adjusting tho distribution of the £10,000. Tho meeting considered mat- ters bore a hopeful appearance, and, after a considerable amount of discussion, drew ur. a letter to be sent to tho bon. Treasurer, and also to be placed in the hands of some bon, members, in order that the claims of the committee might be placed before tho House properly. The document set forth that the reduction had only been learnt that day from the schedule of appropriation of the charitable grant, and that the Royal Commission had not intended tho reductions they proposed te come into force until 1874, giving a notice o\ two years' duration. The children, averaginp 300 in number, would cost next year £6,318, or 7s. Od. per week per child ; and if thegranl were reduced to £3,500, the committee woule have to collect £2,818, whereas last yoar thej had only been able to collect £1,500 by grea' exertions. If the reduction were adhered to the committeo would either have to give ui their charge altogether, or hand over one third of the children to the Government. Tb< asylum contained orphans from all parts o the colony, and received very few contribu tions from the outside districts. Soveral cases were disposed of at th Criminal Sessions yesterday. An old offender named Eobert Davis, was convicted o breaking into the house of Mr. J. if. Richard son, Queen-street, on a Sunday evening, am stealing clothing, and Thos, Gillman wa convicted of receiving the stolon property Davis received a sentence of five years and his companion two years' hard laboui Mooro Beatty was indicted for robbin a man named James Scanlan. Scanlan1 story was that ho came from Ballarat b the last train on the 31st August ; did no leave his lodgings till 7 o'clock next morninf and while then walking in Littlo Bourke street was assaulted and robbed by th prisoner and a couple of other persons ne arrested. Sergeant Finnegan, who was calle for the defence, gave another versio to the transaction, namely-that abo« 11 o'clock on tho 31st August he met Scanla very drunk in Stephen-street, when Scanla complained of having been robbed in brothel, and ho then showed that ho had n money about him. It was stated that th evidence was also given at the Police Cour but the magistrate (Mr. Wilton, J.P.) rofase to allow it to bo taken down, remarkir that the prisoner could call Finnoga if he chose. Of course, nono of th testimony was briefed to the Crown pr secutor. Mr. Justico Molesworth expressed a opinion that the magistrate ought not to haï committed the prisoner for trial, and ti jury, without leaving the box, acquitted hie Thomas Tully, late barman at Garton Hotel, and Sylvester Cooper, wore charge with stealing a bottle of port wine from ti hotel; but the jury did not think the ca was made out, and acquitted the prisoner William Henderson was charged with killii ono Harriot Grace Brown, with whom he hi been on intimate terms. The woman had died from inflammation of the brain, sup- posed to bo caused by a blow on the head | inflicted by Henderson, but tho witness who was expected to prove it, 'one Mary Anne Thomas, swore that the prisoner did not strike the deceased, and tho charge wo3 con- sequently abandoned. A lad of 17, named George Wheeler, was cutting an iron bolt at Levison and Woods', ironfounders, in Little Bourke-street, where he worked, yesterday morning, when the bolt flew up and strack him in the eye. He was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, having been severely hurt by the blow. We are informed that a meeting of the committee for the carrying out of a com- plimentary dinner to the Ministry, "in recog- nition of their liberal and advanced policy," was held at the Excelsior Hotel last ovoning. It was decided that the dinner should be given in tho Town-hall on Monday evening, October 2. The price of the tickets was fixed at 5s. It was arranged that the names of the committee should be published in the daily journals, and it was stated that the Ministry had accepted the invitation to be present at the dinner. The committee decided to meet each evening until the whole of the arrange- ments shall have been completed. Ladies aro to be admitted. The betting market is very quiet just now, but a little business was dono yesterday. In double events foi the Derby and Cup, 100 k> 4 was laid about Hamlet and Barbello, 100 to 5 about Hamlet and Pearl, and 100 to G about Hamlet and Pyrrhus. In right out betting for the Cup, 1,500 to 180 was taken about Pyrr- hus, 1,000 to 35 was wanted about Warrior, and 1,000 to 40 offered about Panmure. In the Cioxton-park list, Benicia Boy was very much fancied for the Hurdle Race, in consequence of his having won a hurdle race at Sandhurst within the lost few days. In the double events, Benicia Boy and Surprise were taken at 10 to 1 for the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, and Benicia Boy and Kako at 12 to 1, and Darkie and Surprise at 10 to 1 For the Steeplechase, 100 to 25 was wanted about Blueskin. The horse racing at Croxton-park on Saturday is to be supplemented by pedestrianism, There will be a raco for £20 a side between Mahony and Fulton, Mahony giving Fulton 10 yards in 200. Thore is also a race of 150 yards be- tween Crotty and Collins for £20. We have seen at Mr. Stevens's, picture- dealer, of Bourke-street, two pictures, by Mr. Thomas Lyttleton, illustrating some verses from the late A. L. Gordon's poem, "The Lay of the Loamshire Hunt"- "Between sky and water the Clown came and caught her ; The space that he cleared was a caution to see.' Two horses, in the act of jumping a brook, illustrate these lines. The animals are painted with great freedom and dash, while the accessaries of the picture are carefully and artistically rendered. We prefer, however, the companion painting- " She rose when the Clown did, our silks as we bounded Brushed lightly, our stirrups clashed loud as we lit." This is a most spirited piece of work ; the horses aro painted with fidelity to anatomy and in accordance with the poetic feeling of the stanza. One can almost hear the clash of steel and tho light frou-frou of tho silk. We have not seen any picture from Mr. Lyttle ton's brush which we admire more. The rider of the "Clown" is a " portrait in little" of Mr. Gordon, and the peculiarity of " seat" and "hands" of that gallant steeplechase horseman are admirably preserved. The first of the spring course of lectures in connexion with the Industrial and Techno- logical Museum, was delivered yesterday evening, by Professor M'Coy, on "The Geo- logical Action of Fire." The Kev. Dr. Bleos« dalo took the chair, and, notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, there was a large attendance. After a few remarks by the chairman, tho lecturer, who was received with cheers, explained the manner in which volcanic agencies formed various kinds oi rock-such as basalt, greenstone, or pumice stone-which varied oxtremely in theil density, composition, and general charac- teristics. On looking at drawings of Mount Vesuvius there was generally seen a sorl of cloud of smoke, in the form of a hug< pine-tree inverted, above the crater. This however, was not smoke, but the am dusty particles of the principal or com mon minerals composing the great masse; of molting lava. These little particles whicl formed the clouds of smoke got intx the higher regions of the air, and wen carried by winds sometimes out to seo, anc by their accumulation ia various parts forn small islands of rock, shells, and other sub fctacces ejected from the crater. The lava o: melted rock, when cooled, had not alway the ordinary character of bluestone found ii this colony ; it varied from tho light lava ti the excessively dense rock which was forme( by cooling slowly and under prossuro. Thi lecture contained much interesting informa lion regarding the operation of volcanoes their formation, and the nature- of th \arions rocks duo to igneous causes. It wa listened to with great attention, and warral; applauded at its end. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of th< committee of the Benevolent Asylum wa held yesterday at the institute, the member present being Messrs. Wisewould (chairman) Hinds, Hay, Bryant,. Egan, Phillips, Ashley Barwise, and Marsden. The suporintenden reported that there were 612 inmates in th house, of whom 417 were mon and 19 women. A patient named Peter David son, a nativo of Aberdeen, Scotland aged 70 years, died on the 20th inst of inflammation of the knee-joint. Th chairman reported that, in accordanc with a resolution of the previous week, th Chiof Secretary had been written to and th request made that he would receive a depute tion from the committee on the subject of th financial position of the institution. A repl was received, stating that Mr. Dally, bein engaged on the Intercolonial Conference would not be able to see the deputation, bu Mr. Grant, the Minister of Lands, woul receive it. Mr. Grant was then applie to, and he fixed Monday, tho 25th inst at 12 o'clock, to receive the deputi tion. The chairman further stated tht only the sum of £0,000 had been place on the Estimates by tho Treasurer for th asylum, which was £3,000 less than the received last year, without considering tt £1,500 which the committee needed oxti this year, in consequence of the onlargemei of tho institution, or £4,500 less altogoth* than was required. It was then agreed 1 adjourn tho meeting until Monday next, at o'clock, whon the committee agreed to msi and confer on the answer they would rocen from Mr. Grant as to the intentions of ti Government with regard to tho institi tion. In the case of Garby and wife v. PatrU Maher, heard in tbe County Court yesterda tho plaintiff, Mary Carby, sued for £49 for s assault said to havo been committed undi somewhat extraordinary circumstances. TI plaintiff's story was that her husband was ti master of a vessel, and that ho had been awi from the colony on a voyage to Brith Columbia for about eight months. C tho 0th ult. sho was staying at Keogt Royal Oak Hotel, Queen-street, and ti defendant, who had been introduced her a few days previously by Patrick M'Grat of Ballarat, went into a room where si was. They had each a glass of wii together, and ho afterwards assaulted h both violently and indecently. Her cries, ho' over, brought assistance, and then, the d fendant charged her with having stol his money. Patrick Keogh corroborât tho evidence of tho plaintiff as to the 6 fendant having charged her with robbi him, and said the defendant, before he 1< the house, withdrew the charge. In ero examination the plaintiff admitted that s had one child of which her husband was n I tho father. She could not say whether sho had over brought an action against a man in the Ballarat Police Court for maintenance for the child. Some people had called her Mrs. Martiu at times. She had never lived at Ballarat with a man named Patrick Hagan. The defendant's statement was, that on the day referred to he called atthehouse of Keogh, who was a customer of his, and owed him money. While he was there he had some drink, and was introduced by Keogh into tbo room where the plaintiff was. He then began to feel sleepy, and was starting to go homo, when the plaintiff pushed her bands in his pockets and robbed him of two cheques, but ho took them from her and dragged her on tho sofa, as he thought she had more money of his. Other persons who heard the disturbance then went into the room. A witness named James A. Worth said he had known the plaintiff for five years, and she was an immoral woman. She had gone by the namea of Tracy, Martin, Sullivan, and Carby. A man named Jones, at one timo in tho Ballarat district, shot Dr. Saenger, in consequence of a difficulty about her. Jones was hanged for the murder. This witness acknowledged he had been convicted of em- bezzlement, and had served a sentence 'of three years imprisonment for it. Mrs. Worth gave evidence that plaintiff was the most notorious person who walked the streets on Ballarat. Sho once had a room in her house, but witness, in consequence of plaintiff's conduct, was obliged to turn her out of the house. James Mitchell' landlord of the Britannia Hotel in Queen street, deposed that tho plaintiff had stayed at his house in the name of Mrs. Patrick Hagan. His Honour Judge Cope said the case was ono which ought to have been tried by a jury ; and as he thought both sides should have been aware of that, he non- suited the plaintiff, and directed each side to pay its own costs. Mr, Richard Grimwood, the captain of the Customs boat plying in Hobson's Bay, yester- day brought an action in tho County Court against Mr. H. B. M'Meckan, the master of the stcamtug Challenge, for £20, for negligently navigating his vessel, whereby the mainmast of tho plaintiff's boat was broken and other injuries done to it. A good deal of evidence was taken in the case, but it was oventually decided, on a statement of the defendant, to the effect that he could not bo answerable for the damage, because although ho was the master of the tug ho was at the time under the ordors of the master or pilot of a vessel which he had in tow, and was bound to [navigate according to the orders he re- ceived. His Honour Judge Cope, after hear- ing the statement, said he considered the wrong person had been summoned, and that Captain M'Meckan was not answerable for the accident. He returned a verdict for de- fendant, but altored it to a nonsuit on the application of the plaintiff's counsel. ' The engine-driver on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway lino, Duncan M'Far lane, who was driving the locomotive which came into collision with a train recently, appeared on summons at the City Court yes- terday, charged with negligent driving, by which the safety of the passengers was endangered. Mr. Molesworth, for the defence, applied for an adjournment, on the ground that the summons did not show upon what bye-laws or sections of the Criminal Law and Practice or Public Works Statute the prosecution relied, and it was only that morning that he had learnt through tho cour- tesy of Mr. Adamson, who was prosecuting, that it was intended to obtain tho committal of the prisoner for trial, and not merely the infliction of a fine of £5. He had, moreover, only just received his brief, which referred lorgely to the bye-laws of the company, 420 in number, and to the time-tables of the company, both of which needed to be carefully considered on the defendant's behalf. For the defence they would bo able to show that this disastrous collision was caused by the time tables. Mr. Adamson objected to the merits of tho case being gone into. Mr. Molesworth said it was a part of his instructions that the collision was not due to the neglect of the engine-driver, but to the defective arrange- ments of the company. He could not con- ceive any objection to the adjournment, and would make public the reasons given to him by his instructions if tho adjournment were opposed. Mr. Adamson stated that the com- pany had no intention of oppressing the defendant, but the line was almost donuded of gatemen, signalmen, and guards in some parts, which was a great inconvenience, though that was no reasonfor opposing thoapplication. He said that no one knowing the Criminal Law and Practice Statute could think pro- ceedings were takon under any but the 31st bection, so that tho other sido could not bo taken by surprise. It was anticipated that though there might be evidence on both sides, jet the Bench would send the case to a jury if a prima facie case were made out for the prosecution. Ho would not oppose the ad- journment if the Bench thought it should bo given, but wished the defendant to be re- quired to find bail, as one other servant already summoned had absconded. Mr. Molesworth hoped the Bench would not treat the defendant as a criminal by requiring him to find bail, and said that bo could quite see tho object of the company was not so much to punish this engine-driver as to make bim a scapegoat for the actions to be brought against the company, in which they were sued for £8,000 damages, caused, not by the culpable neglect of tho defendant, but by the culpable neglect and niggardliness of the company, If bail were required, people would say the Bonch thought the collision was the fault of tho defendant and not of the company. Tho Bench decided to adjourn tho case till 12 o'clock on Tuesday, requiring bail in two sureties of £50 each, or ono in £100, without the slightest imputation as to the guilt or not of tho defendant, and merely to secure his attendance. The bail was found. The adjourned meeting of the Hotham Liconsing Bench was hold yesterday, in the local court-house, Mr. Sturt and Mr. Aitken being the magistrates present. The only business to be transacted was with regard to cases adjourned from the previous meeting. The applications of J. J. Godkin for a licence for the Clare Castle Hotel, Chotwynd-street, and of Henry MacDonald, for the Melrose Hotel, Flemington-road, were withdrawn. An application by William Egan for a new house on the Flemington-road, to bo called the Melbourne Cup Hotel, was granted. Matthew Dalton and Joseph Thompson, tho young men accused of burglary and steal- ing at the house of Mr. Gatehouse, South Yarra, were dealt with at the City Court yes terday. The place was entered on the night of the 5th or morning of the Cth inst., and property, including a concertina, was stolen. Dalton on the 5th inst. sold a concertina, which Mr. Gatehouse! identified as his, to Isaac Josephs, dealer in Lonsdale-stroet. It was not explained, however, how he could have sold the instrument on the fitb, which was not stolen till the night of that day or the next morning. They were committed for trial. The littlo girl Margaret Cofoed, who was found sleeping in a doorway at 2 o'clock in tho morning in Bourke-street, was taken before the City Court yesterday. Spiro Wil- liams, the publican at Sandridgo from whose sorvice she bad run away, because, as she said, he beat her, attended in court, and said the girl was a very bad one, and had frequently run away, one timo taking Mrs. Williams's clothes, and had also refused to go to school, He wanted to tako her back, but the Bench did not considor an hotel the proper place foi a child, and as sho was au orphan, they son! her to the Immigrants' Homo pending hei probable adoption into some family. A distributor of valueless chequos, namec David Pad wick, was dealt with by tho Prahran Bench yesterday. He had given himself the aliases Hartfield and Butler, and uttered the following cheques during the time ho evaded the police, viz., to Wm. Pullar, publican, Toorak- road, one for 35s. ; to Samuol Smith, produce dealer, in the same road, one for £1 ; to Robert Cunningham, ironmonger, Chapel- ' streot, one for a like amount ; to Samuel Young, saddler, one for £2 12s. 6dt ; to John Cooper, draper, Chapel- street, one for £3 ; and to Alfred Allon, boot- maker, in the same thoroughfare, one for £2 103. He obtained goods, and also monoy in some instances, in return for the useless cheques. Ho was arrested on the Sith inst. in Melbourne, by Senior-constable Mooney. For the first-named offenco ho was sentenced to two years'imprisonment, and for each of the other flvo received a cumulative sentence of three months in gaol. On another charge of a similar nature ho was remanded to Melbourne. Messrs. Smith, Thomson, Fotherston, and Carter, J.P.'s, wore on the bench. , > Catherine Hughes, an old offender, was convicted at tho Fitzroy Police Court yester doy, of stealing two silver goblets from tho residence of Mr. John Edwards, jua., in Brunswick-streot, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour, j At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, a dealer named John McHenry Clark was charged with stealing two sheepskins belong- ing to Mr. Thomas Austin of Barwon-Park, and six sheepskins the property of Mr. George Anderson, a butcher at Winchelsea. The skins were missed by Mr. Austin's overseer from a fence where they were hanging on Monday morning, and information being given to the police, mounted-constable Kir- wan proceeded to the hotel where Clark was staying, and ordered him to empty a couple of waggons which were filled with skins. Anderson, who resides in the neighbour- hood, hearing of what had occurred, counted the skins that were drying on his fence, and found that six of them had been taken away. The skins lost from Mr, Austin's premises were first discovered in the second waggon that was examined ; but the prisoner thereupon went vigorously to work with a knife, and managed to cut the others into pieces that were supposed to be stolen from Anderso., On being accused of the theft, Clark asserted that he purchased the skins from a cook in Mr. Austin's employ ; but this man emphatically denied having ever had any transaction with the prisoner beyond giving him something to eat on one occasion when he called at the station. The prisoner was found " Guilty of receiving," and sen- tenced to four months' imprisonment. A meeting was held at Geelong yesterday, before Mr. Landon, clerk of the Insolvent Court, in the estate of Mr. Patrick M'Donald, merchant. Mr. Lawes and Mr. Harwood appeared for the Commercial Bank, and Mr. Bennett appeared for the trustees appointed under an assignment by the insolvont. A number of objections to the proceedings were raised by Mr: Bonnott, who wished the meeting to be adjourned pending the decision of the Full Court as to the order for seques- tration, but these were disposed of. Two debts were proved-ono, of the Commercial Bank, amounting to £14,573 Gs. 7d., tho other being a bill for £370 7s. Mr. William Crennin was appointed to act as trasteo on behalf of tho creditors, at a remuneration of 5 por cent. This concluded, the proceedings and the meeting closed. We understand that it is the intention of the hon. the President of the Board of Lands and Surrey to red ace the licence fee for land under the 40th section of the Land Act to tho same as that charged under the 10 th section. Great anxiety has been felt in the neigh- bourhood respecting the fato of Mr. Peter Anker, of Berramonga Vineyard, Ceres, who has been missing since the 21st August, on which day he was seen going in the direction of Cores-bridge. The river in the vicinity had been unavailingly dragged, and a reward of £5 offered to any one giving proof of his being still alive, without any effect. All doubts were set at rest yesterday, the body having I been found in the Barwon, at 12 o'clock, about 200 yards from the bridge referred to. Mr. Stamm, partner of the decoasod, brought | tho intelligence into Geelong. An inquest will be held to-day. i Melbourne Punch this week in its turn ex- presses its views on Mr. James C. Heywood's now celebrated lettor. The cartoon shows "the Two Pictures Painted by Heywood and Trollope," the ono painter depicting a happy family in a cheerful, thriving home, whero the other can only see distempered visions of ruin and misery. A poem referring to the cartoon extracts fun out of the opposite views of the two observers. There is also an amusing picture illustrative of the Public Library "dead-lock," and ono representing 6ome new " exhibits" in the mass of evidence on the Tichborne case ; and altogether the artistic and literary contents of our woekly jester are very creditable, and show that it is under the new proprietary at any rate fully maintaining its reputation. The'.Chiltern paper, the Federal Standard, has anarticlo on political matters that would be very severe if ono could but tell what it meant. After an allusion to the possibility of Mr, Borry having " a spark of gratitude in his pentagraphic composition," it says:-"That the bon. the Treasurer should have a-mortal down on the bloated aristocrats who dis- tribute soup tickets to nature's curled darl- ings from the counters of banks and the sanctums of a shoddy aristocracy, is just natural and according to the eternal fitness of things." "By my troth, captain, these are bitter words." In a characteristic letter on the subject of "Spiritism," printed in a Beechworth jour- nal, Dr. Kohnor says:-"I tell you magic explains all the mysteries, however extrava- gant thoy may appoar to your poor eyes, of spiritualism, and of a few othor things equally interesting ; and I moroover tell you that a magician is residing in your very midst, who will one of these days make a few of you danco to his Zauberllote, only to con- vince you of the reality of his science. What impoverished, atrophied brains these poor Crookes, Coxes, Dr. Hugginsos, Se., must have not to be ablo to find out tho mysteries of the organisation of Mr. D. D. Home ! They ought to bo ashamed of the flattering but false appellations, as applied to thom, of men of science, and especially doctors. The best doctors in all human history have been magicians.-Yours, &c.; C. W. BOIINEB, M.D., M., (agite) D. (octor). P.S. -Tho headless spectre I saw on Sunday night, 27tii August, was, I am now credibly informed, tho ghost of John M'Callum, a portion of whose skull is still in my possession, and which he is sup- posed to have como to claim from me at last. -C. W. H." Wa have news from Fiji to the 2nd inst. The Times of that date contains the following items :-" The cutter Vivid has startod for Bo coast. Mr. G. A. Woods went by hor, and we believe his business is principally with Ratu Kini, respecting tho Ba expedition into the mountains, and that ho will urge that chief to ush forward his preparations for war. An accident occurrod near Cata Island, early in tho month, by which 23 men lost their lives. Soino Kadavu mon, runaway labour from Loma Loma, had stolen a largo canoe, and wore on their way homo when, in lowering tho sail (there being at the time a high sea and heavy wind), tho canoo by somo moans was upset. Four natives succeeded in roachin'g Cata Mond-two on the mast and two on tho outrigger of the canoo, tho remaining 23 being drowned. A boat was washed ashore on Yanuca Lailaio, south end of Ovalaa, on [August 9. The provious afternoon ono was observed with a whito man steoring and four natives in it, and it is foarcd that daring l i the evening thoy were stove in upon some rock or reef. From the appearance of the pieces picked up on tho beach sho is supposed to have been an opon cutter boat, of about 20ft. in length, built of cedar, and painted white inside and out. On one of tho seats the word ' ' Haye«" was burnt in. No bodies have been washed ashore. At the District Court yesterday, John Bal- four, George Manning, and Alfred Wood were summoned by a Crown lands bailiff for riding through Albert-park, and wero each fined 2s. Cd., with 7s. Gd. costs. Michael Morgan was summoned for a like offonco, but as he had refused to go back when told that riding was not allowed in the park, ho was fined 40s., with 20s. costs, or one month's imprisonment. "It must be confessed," says an English journal, "that there is something illogical in giving into custody a beggar who solicits alms for himself and his family, and at the same time allowing one who demands pecu- niary assistance for an institution, or in furtherance of some object he has in view, to escape scot free. The raggod outcast who pleads for a copper in tho street is Beldoin so great a nuisanco or so pertinacious as the solemn individual in a black coat and white neckcloth. Clergymen and others will do well to take warning by the case of the Rov. Charles Gillies, who, with William Brown, has been charged, at the Leith Police Court with begging. The charge ' against Brown was departed from, in order that he might give evidenco. The defence waa that the rev. gentleman had not been solicit- ing! alms, but requesting subscriptions with the view of liquidating the dobt upon his church. Brown deposed that he was assisting in this collection, receiving a reasonable sum for his trouble. He (Brown) 'had lists of people in different parts of the country who were likely to givo subscriptions to religious and charitable objects, and he know those who wore kind and unkind in the different towns,' Ultimately, Bailio Pent- land, who presided, found the charge not proven, but cautioned Mr. Gillies to have nothing more to do with Brown. It must, no doubt, have been a great annoyance to the Rev. Mr. Gillies to appear at a police court on a charge of begging, but his annoyance could not bo greater than that endured by many people daily who aro asked for subscriptions which they can hardly refuse, and still more hardly afford to givo." In a leading article congratulating the colony on the improving condition of things, duo to the increasod price of wool, tho favour- able season for tho graziers, tho flourishing state of mining, and the encouraging prospect for the harvest, the Hamilton Spectator says : -"If, therefore, tho pastoral, agricultural, and mining industries of the colony are pro- gressing so satisfactorily, what is to hinder us from experiencing the effects of the change ? Wo may not feel it immediately, because the whole of theso three industries havo been under a cloud for a lengthened period, and thero are many old scores to be cleared off. Yet, as surely as effect follows cause, so must the beneficial influences we havo mentioned begin to tell sooner or later on the general prosperity. No doubt an increase in the pro- ductive wealth of tho country will advantage tho metropolis somewhat, but it is upon the heads of the metropolitans that the thunder- bolts of bad legislation chiefly descend in their full force. For instance, tho Melbourne importing and shipping interest, will be seriously affected by the new tariff, whilst the Melbourne artisans do not appear to be deriving the benefits they expeoted from that piece of legislation. If the producing interests in the country districts can manage to create an export trade, it will go far to compensate for the evils laboured under by tho metropolitans ; but how much more prosperous might Melbourno expect to be, if one class had not been sacrificed to another ?" Tho census returns establish the fact that tho surplus in the female population of the United Kingdom is on the increase Can it be (inquires the Pall Mall Gazette) that the voxed question respecting the position and prospects of women is to be solved by the gradual extinction of men ? Thoy aro evi- dently dying out. It is true that the process seems likely to be gradual, which is perhaps as well ; but tho imponding catastrophe should have a softening iniluonce on the language oJ tho advocates of women's rights. The sturdj sex which has hitherto ruthlessly monopolised property, employment, and tobacco, is doomed to extinction. In viow of their sad fate, the severity with which thoir faults and follies are now visited should bo tempered with that sen- timental tenderness with which wo viow the gradual disappearance of old institutions, however troublesomo. It will no longer be generous to mako any reply, evon the most temperate, to tho strictures in tho Saturday Bcvkv) on the sex which is in futuro to be left alono in its glory, and which will thon have ample opportunity to legislate, make war, and othorwise re-croate itself when man has become a mere memory of the past. Tho new music "hall in Groy-streot, St, Kilda, of which we gave a description it yesterdoy's issuo, was formally openod lasl night with great success. The proceeds o: the concert, which was given to celebrate this ovent, aro to go in aid of the funds o: the Alfred Hospital, and, judging from th< number of people presont, in addition to thi tickets sold and not presented, the resul should be quite satisfactory to that charity Before the commencement of the concert Mr. Crouch, mayor of St. Kilda, read an ad dress, which wo need not give verbatim. I referred in a ploasant sort of way that wa1 meant for humour, to the fact that the in habitants of the borough, although the; always boasted a hoap of musical talont, hai no local place fitted for its display. Tha thoy were obligod to go to Melbourne o Prahran for want of such accommodation That since 1854-5, whon the St. Kilda Athe niuum-with which tho speakor had beer connected-was first established, there hac been strong rivalry between that plací and Prahran,-a rivalry in which St Kilda had been distanced by its com petitor, but that now, owing to the publl spirit of Mr. Cherry, tho proprietor, th borough was furnished with an assembly hall superior to any of tho kind. Th speaker then, amidst very goneral applause declared the building formally oponed. Th concort which followod was performed b, amatours, both ladies and gontlemon, am for this reason wo will not montion th names of the porformers, excepting onl those of Mr. L. L. Lowie and Mr. J Edwards, who accompanied tho singen and that of Mr, Herz, who conducto the performance of tho South Yarra Lieder tafol. The musical result of tho oiforl of these ladies and gentlemen was, on th wholo, most creditable. Some of the piece wero necessarily much botter dono tha: others. Amongst tho vocalists tho lad who sang tho cavatina from "I Puritani, and Guglielmo'ssong, "The Lovor and th Bird," deserves special notico for tho reasor able skill and satisfactory good tasto wit which she sang thom both. Tho gontloma who sang " Non 6 ver" also plowed voi highly by the woll-controlled use of a goa tenor-baritone voico. Tho South Yarra Lic< ertafol gave a couple of Mendelssohn's fou part songs, and a chorus from "LesEnfan de Paris," but although thoy sang with the customary precision, it appeared that the wero not present in their full strengt! An eminent lawyer, with a turn for com songs, sang twice, and with such effect thi ho might havo been encored, but politeno forbade. The "Miserere" sceno, from " Trovatoro," was a mistake. Tho pianofor playing of Mr. LOWÍB and a lady amatouso w excellent, and was fully up to the profession Standard. The lady possesses a power over tho instrument which is rarely to bo met with except amongst those whom we call masters. Tho selections from "William Tell "(duet), and from " Faust" (the lady's solo), were fife for any concert-room in any city. * Tho monthly meeting of the Now Third Victoria Building Society was held last even« ing, at their offices, S Elizabeth-street, Mr. li. W. Rusden in the chair, who announced tho month's receipts to bo £1,C50. Fifty-six and a quarter shares were sold at premiums of £8 5s. Gd. and upwards. A concert, which was pecuniarily and otherwise most successful, took place on Thursday night, in the Williamstown. Mechanics' Instituto, in aid of tho Ladies,* Benovolent Society of that town. Notwith- standing the inclemoncy of tho weather, there was a good attendance. Besides a number of well-known amateurs, there wera several professional ladies and gentlomen present, and the entertainment was one oE tho most enjoyable which has taken place in Williamstown for some time post 