PROMINENT TOPICS. ST. PATRICK S DAT. MEMORIES of the dear old land—the island of beauty and sorrow, of noble achievements unrequited by success, whose history presents such a tantalising alternation of glory and gloom—memories such as these are seldom absent from the Gelt in exile; bat if there be one day in the year on which he cherishes them with peculiar fervour, it is the anniversary of St. Patrick. On that day, at all events, the members of the Irish race all over the world are linked together by one common sentiment—intensified in the hearts of those who can revisit the old country only in spirit; and if, uiibappQy, there are now and then temporary causes of difference amongst Irishmen (how could they expect exemption from the common lot of humanity ?) such clouds are usually lightened if not completely dispelled by the genial associations of the national festival. Nowtbatthedayis so near, we cannot refrain from anticipating a portion of the enjoyment, because there are many reasons why the anniversary of 1871 should .be commemorated with special hope and enthusiasm. Is it not an encouraging and ennobling thought, for the young generation now coming to. the front, that after so many centuries of oppression and disappointment, the old material island has at last won some recognition of her rights, and that, although millions of the Irish people have erisfced in despair, there are still enough at Eome to constitute a nation intrinsically as patriotic and numerically almost as strong as at any former period; while there is a still larger number scattered through every civilized land with a fair chance of securing prosperity and distinction for themselves, and sustaining the reputation of their native country ? One of the young Ireland poets gives utterance to something like this, as if speaking through the mouth of an Irish peasant:— " As the great sun sets in glory furled, Oh, 'tis grand to think, as I watch his face— If he never sets on the English world, He never sets on the Irish race. In the West, in the South —New Irelands still Grow op in his light." Yes—the Irish race, in spite of all antagonism, are ubiquitous and irrepressible, and the realisation of all their reasonable hopes, although slow, seems as certain as the justice of Heaven. Twenty years ago, who could have expected the disestablishment of the Irish Church, a liberal Land Law recognising the interests of the Irish tenant, or that the tendency of the British Parliament would be to substitute conciliation for coercion ? Surely this beneficent change is a substantial reason for rejoicing on St. Patrick's Day in 1871\. It is to be hoped that to the Irishmen in Victoria the anniversary will bring that generous spirit of mutual forbearance, to the absence of which may be traced many of the darkest episodes of our history—the possession of which would secure respect and sympathy for our aspirations, and render our progress' irresistible. IT appears that we THE " ZEBBA STBIPES. were somewhat premature in supposing that anything whatever could shame Mr. Macpherson into doing justice to'the free selectors. He has simply committed a false pretence which aggravates the enormity of his original sin. Unable to deny Mr. Duffy's charge as to the wholesale exclusion of the people by reserves made in the squatting interest, he endeavoured to shift the odium to his colleague, Mr. M'Kean, and he issued instructions to the local surveyors, purporting to place all the land unjustly reserved at the disposal of the free selectors. The immediate effect of this was to revive the spirit of the people in various districts, who proceeded in large numbers to select and peg out suitable allotments; but upon applying to the local land officers, they were informed that nothing had been officially done to remove the restrictions already in force. Now, what is to be done under these circumstances ? Clearly, the selectors should cling to their allotments by all lawful and peaceful means. Most of the reserves in question have been made in virtue of one of Mr. M'Kean'a precious " Land Regulations," prohibiting the issue of occupation licences (or lands " within the areas defined by red tints on plans deposited at the Crown Lands Office in Melbourne, and at the District Survey Offices and Land Offices." Of course, the territory thus described within the "red tintB" (the " zebra stripes,"as Mr. Duffy termed them), fdhns the most valuable portion of the principalities held by the squatting friends of the Government, and what Mr. Macpherson professed to throw open. * Itiwould be just as reasonable, after all, to suppose that the real zebra could change his stripes as that Mr. Macpherson could do a liberal act for free selectors even upon compulsion. It is monstrous, however, to suppose that Parliament would allow the ppblic to be juggled in this fashion. Snch proceedings are in direct contravention of the spirit of the LandArt,Xdpfective>as,it is; and as a former legislature validated the claims ille< gaUy assumed imjler ,jthe occupation license' system, we are confident that its successor will secure possession to all who now acquire a footing upon these reserves with a reasonable appearance of justice. It is quite evident that Mr. Macpherson'sapp8rent concession was only a trick, ventured upon with the view of influencing the elections—just .as Mr. Francis' attempt to propitiate the Volunteers was a ruse to secure for himself the representation of Richmond. Fortunately, it may have been discovered in time; and if it should tell against the Ministry in many of the districts to be contested on Thursday next, they have only to thank themselves for entrusting the administration of the public lands to an individual who, although his qualities are much more of the vulpine than the asinine order, can never be dissociated from these iniquitous " zebra stripes.'' TIME was when those HOW THE ELECTIONS who had made the ARE WORKED. phenomena of colonial pelitics their study could safely predict the result of any given election: but in many cases during the present contest the result has put the most astute calculators and speculators to shame. Candidates who were not supposed to have even " the ghost of a chance," have been agreeably surprised by finding themselves first or second [on the poll, while others, in every respect entitled to success (in their own opinion) have been proportionately mortified by being left out in the cold. Taking one or two of the more notable instances, perhaps the return of Mr. Clarke for Grenville was quite as unexpected as the rejection of Mr. Michie in Gipps Land. There seemed to be little or no difficulty about placing Messrs. O'Brien and L. L. Smith at the head of the list in South Bourke, yet the largest number of votes was in favour of Messrs. Crews and Fergusson, whose candidature had been looked upon as something in the light of a forlorn hope. A11 this appears to be very puzzling, and it is usually accounted for by the multiplicity of candidates, although such an explanation could not apply to Gipps Land, for example. In fact, the solution of the difficulty is simple and intelligible enough. The result has generally been in exact proportion to the earnestness, unanimity, and steady judicious voting of a particular section of the electorate. That's the whole secret. Let theelectorsfirstchoosethedesirable candidates, and then bring the whole force of their suffrage to bear, and they can carry their point against almost any odds. If they are content with giving only one vote to these favourite candidates as a matter of duty, and squandering another as a matter of mere courtesy, they must also be satisfied at seeing the prize carried off by the most objectionable of the competitors — whose friends had had the sagacity to plump for him, relying upon the folly of their opponents for stray votes. Why shouldn't the Liberal electors take note of this, and profit by the tactics of their enemies? Why not decide upon the man or men to be supported, and then steadily plump for them, leaving courtesy for an occasion when it may be displayed without prejudice to important interests? Probably nothing else can save the electors of East and West Melbourne from a disheartening defeat, although victory is assuredly within their reach. As representatives of East Mel- Melbourne, Messrs. Walsh and Cohen have discharged their duties most faithfully. Shrewd, practical, and intelligent, Mr. Walsh has been a useful and reliable, if not a brilliant, member; and Mr. Cohen's support can always be counted upon when resistance is to be given to anything illiberal or ungenerous, and he has more than once distinguished himself as an advocate of civil and religious liberty. Their opponents have nothing whatever to recommend them, but so much to suggest a sinister use of power and position that they ought to be summarily set aside. Of this we are assured, at all events—that not one of their supporters will give a vote to Messrs. Walsh and Cohen. They know better. Why should the Liberal electors not concentrate their votes in favour of the Liberal candidates, and thus make their victory secure ? It is just the same way in West Melbourne. Messrs. MacMahon and Langton hare been tested and found faithful. Their politics are thoroughly Liberal, and in a crisis like this their assistance is indispensable to the Liberal cause. Their re-election is desirable for the very same reasons that ought to procure the peremptory rejection of Messrs. Service and Peterson; and returned they will be, if the eleclorsonly take the proper steps. There is a certain section of the electorate who will plump dead in favour of Service and Peterson, that being their only hope, trusting that the Liberal party will scatter their votes as they have so often done before. Seeing that next week's contest will be final and decisive —that it will determine the character of the new Legislature as a whole—we trust that the electors will thoroughly do their duty and disappoint their foes. THE matriculation' of those DE. BROWNLESS students who passed the AND matriculation examination THE UNIVERSITY, in the February term took place on Saturday afteroon, at the Melbourne University, and the Vice-Chancellor, Dr. Brownless, delivered an address on the occasion. He : entered very minutely into the progress the University has made, and he may justly have been proud of the success it has achieved—he may with truth have said, quorum magna pars fui. And it was most fitting on the occasion that the Vice-Chancellor should review the past, and comment with unfeigned and undisguised gratification on the prospects of the future. This was likely to be the last occasion on which he would deliver an address as Vice- Chancellor. After devoting in that capacity fifteen years to the progress of literature in this colony, failing health obliged him to think of retiring from the honourable service in which he has laboured so unselfishly and successfully. Whilst other gentlemen of the same profession, of which Dr. Brownless is an ornament, devoted their whole time and energies to their own private affairs, he gave much ofboth tothe interests of the public. The Melbourne University, perhaps, more than any other institution in the colony, adds to its fame abroad, and helps to the elevation of its people at home, and chiefly for this Victoria is indebted to Dr. Brownless. Him- self a scholar, he has acted with characteristic devotion to the cause of literature, and the people of Victoria will be unworthy of the services of a man so able and so unselfish if they do not substantially mark their appreciation of them. For what he has done in the cause of education the benign Holy Father has already conferred a high distinction on him, and certainly services that have been thus rewarded from distant Rome, and moreover services which have been rendered to this colony, should be signally rewarded here Briefly, as is necessary, we shall notice the extraordinary progress of the University which the Vice-Chancellor traced upwards during fifteen years, step by step. On the 16th April, 1855, the first matriculation of students took place, and on that occasion sixteen gentlemen were matriculated without examination. In the February term, 1856, seven candidates presented theranelves for examination and passed. In the February term of 1865, ten years subsequently, 50. candidates presented themselves,of whom 29 passed. And passing over the interval up to the present year, we find that of J69 who presented themselves 24 passed. In the present year 91 altogether passed the matriculation examination, which is an increase of 89 over the year 1855\. It is thus evident that the progress of the institution has been most satisfactory, and it is the more gratifying from the fact that the standard of education is as high as in any other European university. With that object in view, the Senate has been most careful in its selection of foreign universities, whose members it would admit to the ad eundum. degree. After congratulating the colony upon this success, we may compliment Dr. Brownless, and express a wish that the consciousness of having done very much to effect such results will be a happiness to him to that end, which we hope is still far dista nt. 