AH, ME ! I measure life by gravestones, not by years f they are the milestones on my life's highway; For rain of Heaven they have been wet with tears- Are wet to-day I Tears of the heart, not of the clouded eye, Bedew these sepulchres of blighted blo.ims, Where~ unresponsive, the beloved ones lie 'in far-off tombs. Dear friends, who j6urneyed with me. hand in hand, " And diopped way-worn, leaving sad me 'behind, To seek alone that bright and better land Faith looks to find. My baby-buds, sweet blossoms of my love, With sentient leaves expanding day by day ; HV hose essence envious Death exhaled above, And left me-clay. Fair human forms surrendered to the dust, My human tears may dew your verdant graves ; But there are buried hopes-uncoffined trusts Where no grass waves. There will be "resurrection ,of the dead;" * Parted humanity expects to meet All smiles and love--where never tears are shed In bliss complete. Some hopes died early, others in their prime, And the heart shrouds them in a viewless.pall; But they will rise not in the after- time At any call. I measure life by gravestones, not by years ; And these, intangible, count with the seen; The dead hopes buried-in a rain of tears The " should have been." And not I, only-for, alas ! all men Inurn dead hopes within their secret souls, But seldom mark their graves for mortal ken: With open scrolls, What kind of vice is it that some persons iwill shun if they are ever so bad?-Ad-vice. Can a man's pocket be empty when he's got something in it ?-Yes I When he has got a big hole in it. - . ... A Frenchman has invented a remedy for the 2-thake, which will allevi-8 all pain4th-with." The lady who '" coloured " with indignation says it is far better than rouge or vermilion. There is a tailor of antiquated opinions, who believes the sewing machine is only a very so so affair after all. A Dublin paper, reporting the Louth election, adds, " All quiet, except that there was a good deal of noise." It is a mistake to suppose that milk can be afforded as cheaply in winter, when the streams are frozen, as in summer. The man who raised his reputation, dislocated his shoulder, and was taken to the hospital. The last accounts stated him to be low, and not likely to recover. Notwithstanding the proverb that "pover ty's no crime," yet a man without money is in variably set down by the world as devoid of principal. Miss Susan Nipper says that the Russians have an awful responsibility resting on them for killing the Turks-for every Turk who is killed leaves a dozen widows. The latest case of absence of mind was that of a young woman at Portsmouth, who was sent by her mother to buy a pair of shoes, and in. stead of buying them married the shoemaker. Ask a woman to do you a service, and she considers how she can best accomplish what you wish. Ask a man, and he considers how he can best make you appreciate his intention to serve you. A mother was showing her dear little Joe a picture of the martyrs thrown to the lions, and was talking very solemnly to him, trying to make him feel what a terrible thing it was. "Ma I" said he all at once, "oh, ma I just look at that poor little lion way behind there, he won't get any I" A wag speaking of two of his acquaintances who had gone west, where new-comers usually feel the effects of ague, said, " neither of these two men will be afflicted."-" Why not ?" in. quired a bystander.-" Because," was the re ply, " one is too lazy to shake, and the other won't shake without he gets paid for it." STiE SEALS.-Captain Parry was once asked at dinner where Lord Erskine was present, what he and his crew had lived upon vhen they were frozen on the Polar Sea. Parry said they lived on seals. " A very good living too," eexclaimed the Chancellor, ."if you keep them long enough''... - NA1nnow Esck~E.-Old Mr. Fuddleo fell down in a puddle, just as a runaway' horse and shay came dashing and splashing, and tearing that waiy; in helpless plight he roared in fright; the horse came quick, all gallop and kick, when the old minan raised his great oak stick ; the horse then shied a little aside, for sticks were no friends to his well-fed hide. Within a foot of Fuddlc's toes, within an inch of his ruby nose, the wheel comes whizzing, and on it goes. Up rises Fuddle from-out of the puddle, and stands on the road with a staggering stride, then wheel ing away- from the scene of the fray, he flourished his stick with a hero's pride. One evening John Clerk (Lord Eldin) had been dipping too deep in the convival bowl with a friend in Queen Street, anild on emerging in the open air, his intellect became a considerable degree confused, and not being able to distinguish objects with any degree of muteness or certainty lhe thought himself in a fair way of losing the road to his own house in Picardy Place. In this perplexity he espied some cominig towards him whom he stopped with this query, "D'ye ked whaur Johri Clerk bides " What's the use o' speerin' shat question ?" said the man; "you John Clerk himsel."-" I ken that," answered John, "' but, it's no him thbt's wanted, it's his house, The Ghost of a Gcntleman.--A country player, who had to enact the part of ghost, asking if he were to bow to the audience, the stage director made answer, " Why, yes, if you are the ghost of a gentleman, certainly." An atheletic specimen of the Emerald Isle called on a wharfinger for a job. " The top of of the mornin' to ye, Musthcr P. I've been told that ye're in want o' help."--' Ive but little to do," replied P., with mercantile gravity -"I'm the very boy for yeas. It's but little I care about doing--it's the money I'm afther shure." The naive reply procured him a situa Stion. 