MY LITTLE NEWS-BOY. [prom harper's new monthly maqazine.] ? ! 1« , i ....... It would Lave been ridiculous,, if it. had not been pathetic, to see the grimaces imade.by my little nows-boy when. under process of being beaten by ' her as was a mammy to him.' I call him my little news-boy because out of a flock of them I had picked him on account of his beauty and lateut nobility. Yes, , despite sun burn, dirt, and rags, tho boy was strikingly ? handsome.' . ' Stand tbere,' I used to say to him, wbon I called him daily under my window, 'and toss me the paper, and you may.keop, the change;' . ??? .?? ? ??: ..: ; ?.?,? ? . /,.',- .' ? My little news-boy would then sin He; and dis- . play a Bet of teeth which I once heard ai'pasBer uy ? remark that ' a man would giW'aliJew'aeye'for,' and would then pocket the' -'change, bow, and vanish, smiling still.- , , 7, ':'.''''?' Owing, as Ilouncl but by close queBlionin'g, to' the peculiar ^evelopmsnt. of her physical powers incident, upon .'much absorption of the,' crator,'' my news-boy's ' mammy' did, with a degree of. ; frequency never sufficiently to Detleprecated,|-'lick' ; jhim. Matins or vespers were aeldom ushered in without a visitation ,of . old shoe, old broom, old ' bottle, or .of a toasting-fork upon li is shoulders. iQnly an intoxicated woman couldhave had the beatt :to touch him harshly, for liis, face, was full of ' laughter and gladness— a sunbeam in the flesh— and cruelty must. have ever been a fresh surprise !tohun. ; . ,. . . ; , ; His name, he said, was Poter ; but this I Boon discovered was a corruption of a prettier name— a part of memories, of a by-gone and blissful ?time in which, to use .his own words, '' another mammy— oh ! so beautiful!'— had, been his. Soft- sounding Pietro had been distorted into harsh 'Peter,' just ,is the love of the past hod been distorted into violence. . ' ?'.''?? My protege had also a protege of his own. ' Not altogether there' is the— to mo— pathotic expression by. which the peasantry of England describe tho.mental deficiency, of an almost idiot ;? and 'Carroty Jack,'Pietro'HproteKO, was almost an idiot. There aro faces— why tliero are such we shall know in God's own good time — that seem as if they had never seen sunlight, or been shone upon by it; and Carroty Jack's was ono of these. It made the heart beat painfully to see so desolate and despondent a croature upon ..the fair earth of God'a creating. Though why should thero' be ought but desolation and des pondency upon the faco of ono who could not realise in his spiritual darkness the joy of being in this lifo, or become the recipient of tho hope of heaven in another ? Tho boys' were almost inseparable. Carroty, Jack, ugly as Caliban, lame, dirty, and vacant of countenance, limped through tho mud and rain, the sleet and snow, as it might be, in the wake of Ferdinand the beautiful— I mean Pietro, for he had princely beauty despite his sordid rags and the sad traces of daily want. ' Old mammy'll kick the bucket some of these days,' Piotro-Petor once confidentially remarked to me, , 'and quit layin' that thero Broom of horn ovor my head ; aud thon I shall git a stand with my savin's up. and Carroty Jack he's to sit in , the stand, ana I'm to buy tho papers for both, and we're to share equal.' '? Then Carroty Jack has no one to take care of him !' surmised I. ' Oh, he ain't got nobody, nohow. He ain't got no parents, not even a drunken un, nor no sense neither, and he's lame too. Jest look at him walk !' laughed Pietro, as,' at this moment, uneasy at so loug a diversion of his protector's attention, Carroty Jack hobbled up to us. ?' Jack's curuB, anyways. He ain't got nobody to take care o' him but jest mo. Besides that, Juck'a orful fond of me— ain't you, old Carroty ?' ? , Here Prince Ferdinand laid his hand — small, tapering, with almond-shaped nails, though candor obliges me to admit, not clean ones— upon the shoulder of Caliban. A gleam of light — the hopeless searching of the baffled and blinded soul —poor Jack's ' smile' — let me call it so— crossed the' gloomy, dirt-begrimed face, and made it almost lovely. Pietro smiled back upon him, and I felt glad at the moment that I was something of an artist, for I promised raysolf some day to paint this Caliban and this Ferdinand. ' ? '? ' .? , ' ? .ii. My brother, an artist- in fact we are both 'artists,' if I may use that expression, and I am sure I may as regards Laurence— had a friend who was a victim to inexplicable chronic melan choly. He was a German, with light brown hair of a waving, floating kind, an5 looked like the blessed Saviour in Leonardo Da Vinci'a picture, 'La Cena.' Every. one has seen tho 'Last Supper,' and everyone knows how the Lord's face looks in it. A glory of golden hair, a heavenly sadness. . . Captain Weimar, though a German, had served the Italian republican cause. He had, atone time, lived irf Italy. Before he had gone to Italy— this ? was sixteen years before my. story begins — my brother had painted his picture, and although it was a Gbrist-faoe even then, it was not melan choly. Now he was always melancholy. We knew tbat he had i married an exquisitely beautiful Italian lady, and that she had died. Captain Weimar had told my brother Laurence that nhe had died 'of a broken heart.' Why the wife of a man who was known to bo good and noble Bhould have died of a brokon heart was a matter of ?profound thought and great be wilderment to me. Captain Weimar had been long rin! New York beforo chanco had again thrown him in my brother's way, and they re newed tho friendship of former years* 1 Captain : Weimar, was ; keeping house in Four-, teenth-street, and had an elderly maiden sister . with him, and Ida Eisenberg, the orphan daugh ter— a fairy-like, blondo girl — of a widowed and now dead sister younger than Fraulein Berta. ? ?A few days aftor the recognition iu the street by Laurence of tho captain ho entered my brother's studio. Laurence was copying: a ''Pieta,'and I was working away at a ''Faust and Margaret,' my' head being full at the time of Goethe's poom and Gonnod'a opera. The captain hold iu hiB hand a worn velvet case, from which ho removed a daguorrcotype. It was that of his dead wife, and though almoBt entirely faded out, it still ' retained tho' clear : outlines of an. cx tromqly lovoly face. As I examined it, when the captain with a Bigh and a palo faco handed it to mo to look at, it seemed to ' me a true 'spirit- picture.' a faco that was only tho ghost of itself. ' Could you create, Trubalbys,' said the captain to Lauronco, in a hu«ky voico, ' a portrait' from this? It is fading away from me, and I cannot lose it.' ' I can, replied my brother ;' though ?whether it will convey to you any idea of the beauty of tho original is what I daro not vouch for.' ' But you will try ?' demanded Weimar, eagerly. '1 novor had any other picture of Elena but this and a miniature on ivory, which was lost.' ' I will try,' ropliedi Laurence, and ho placed the daguorrootype upright before him aud bogan, in his gravo way, to study it. Pre seutly my brothor began to bkotch. About half an hour passed. Wo were all three si lent. Laurenco is of ton bo when before hia euaol.' lam not very talkativo, and grief inspirea me iwith awo. The captain, gazing at the lost dead face, did not speak at all. . ;?. At the end of half an hour there was a knock,, and Laurence opened the door. Fraulein Borta Weimar, the captain's maiden sister, and kin little blondo niece of thirteen years— it always seemed to mo when I looked at her that those thirteon years must havo been all spring— ca m in: They were in tho habit of looking in upon us daily since the captain had brought them one day to the studio, and 1 had sketched a portrait of Ida— it was now nearly finished— as Miranda. I mean that I had created an older and iuaturer Ida as tho heroino of Shakspeare 'b 'Tempest.' It stood against the wall side by side with Pietro's picturo in his great original character; of a 'City NewB-boy,' for bitting for which— it was, he said, 'such fun !' — my protege received remuneration in the shape of stamps of as much importance as my limited roscourcea permitted. .To return to 'Miranda' and Fraulein Berta, whom I loft juat entering the tstudip. The first was beautiful; the second, though there was a tradition to the effect that. sl(b, had 'been pretty hi the past, was now fat and puffy/ and not un liko a cheese' with oyea. She bail; ut oighteen, set up fora beauty j but had been advised by con sidorate friends to sit down again. I. understand that she did so. Now she was merely hopeless of matrimony, quiet and retiring, liko any other vieille fillo de bonne Jriaison. . ' ? ? , The aunt and nieco were hardly seated when eater Peter. 'The boy's beauty, as, after a modeat knock, ho stood . in tho dodriuy, was simply startling. The statuesque symmetry of hiB fine Greek face with its Italian warrnth of color ; the rich bronze-black hair, clustering in curJaAlike that of tho God- Bacchus;' the ' large eyes of a dark hazel hue; tho deep glow'- ? of the oval cheek ; the sparkle and animation of tho whole face; tho grandly posed head, marvellously thrown out by the' neutral tints of au old grey felt hat and a jacket originally greyalsb/but now, liko Joseph's coat^ of ' many colors'— all these happy accidents — tho hat and coat were, I beg. to state, looked upon by Petor as unhappy accidents '—of form and color made, my little news-boy , truly a picture. ' Captain Weimar did not observe him, or, if he did, saw only a . ragged news-boy. , Weimar, indeed, noticed few things. ' He lived absorbed ; in. the painful, tho ''oitterswect' memory of 'a day that was dead.' But, unnoticed, as my « handsome protege was by Captain Weimar and * by Fraulein Berta, he. waa not, so by Ida. Tha mind of childhood is apt to bo democratic, and Ida's eyes dilated as she took in tho picture Peter made standing respectfully in the doorway. Sho had an: artistip perception of 'the, .beautiful -? aud poetic perception of the true. . ? And then I saw in Petor — my Ferdinand— that indoscribablo something which was to me tho betrayal of a better paBt. It was a look in his ? face that told of tho recognition by his inner aenso of Ida as a young lady, and it wns mingled with a something which waa to mo an assurance that, somehow or other . Peter j was himself a gentleman. Laughable, I admit, in view of the fact that Peter at that period presented to tho eyo, besides beauty, only, tho adjuncts of a rag ged suit, a crumpled hat, and a bundle of news papers under tho loft, arm, the right being in use to remove the shocking hat. There aro things that cannot be put upon paper : and Peter's man ner at the moment, nis painful blush, hie glance at hia owd shabby clothing, and at tho rich - azure silk in Ida'a dress, the look of his eyea upon ?' her — all these cannot bo written down. ; Ho took his place at my request, and I bogan to work upon his picturo. In removing it from beside Ida'u, as v Miranda,' which was leaning against the wall near it, I turned the last to the light, aad Petor caught sight of it. A rapid ' glance at Ida, and immediate acknowledgment, ?! by a bright look of admiration, of tho fact that it ! portrayed tho beautiful blondo girl, was not un- ] recognised by her, for aho blushed, though she smiled upon my little nows-boy, and then began gravely to contemplate, firet my model, and tlien ? iny work. , Peter was, I saw, pleased to be tho J object of her evidently admiriug attention, and *; his countenance continued to wear so fine an ani mation that my task in portraying it was made '? easy. ? ?, I do not think my protege remembered that morning certain ' talks that usually occurred at ', hi» sittings, nor the fact of an omitted luncb. ^ That, in aoferenco to the indescribable something in his manner that told me it would mortify him to be asked to eat before Ida, I had not offered ; » and ho bad quite forgotten, in contemplating hpr, I could see, our usual chata about the Indian wars, and the Puritan fathers, and the r history of the earth'a nations — chats during ' * which, by-the-by, I had been somewhat astonished by my protege's tendencies to soar after the infi nite and plunge after tho unfathomable, although, if ho had not yearned to do either, 1 should have ? beon disappointed in him. ' Captain Weimar continued for a time gazing ; in dreamy sadness at the progress of Laurence's sketch, and when finally reminded by Frauloin Berta that his lunph awaited him at home, bowed ' and departed, dreaming still.' Ho had not noticed Poter. : . ,? ..III.''' , ' .. ( /, The next time I actively interfered in the * affairs of Peter was about a week later. He had i. boen bo regular in bin sittings that the omission * of several days alarmed and. surprised me, so that ;' at last I was fain to ask. myself, was my little liows-boy sick or dead ? 1 made up mind to go to' hia abode; which was - also that of undeniable squalor, when I received the following note at the hands of Carroty Jack : ' Mis Blanch, ? .'; Pleez cum ter se me. I am il. Mammy is orful. Slices wile with drink, !With respecks, Parim.' To thia portentous missive was added the by no means encouraging assurance of Carroty Jack that Peter was 'a-gettih' brful weecully,'and was. 'nothing. but a. skin an' a bone;' that .mammy was all tho time 'but of her head with liquor, ' and beat him ' crewel.' Laurenco was not at homo. He had gono to a reception at the house of another artiBt. It re- \ quired some courage to depart alone for the hideous dwelling in. the horrible street. But , Carroty-Jack plunged ahead of me as van-guard, aud I was thickly veiled. I have a prejudice in favor of something between' mo and lhe'cigar'Of : 'the people. ' .. I arrived at last at the wretched tenement ;house, and, talcing my courage a deux mains, I mounted the stairs, redolent of anything but the perfumes of the Orient, to the hole — I can- , not call it a room — whero Peter and 'mammy' .'abode. Poor Peter I He had, indeed, been ' il. ' : iHis face was very pale, and his form appeared. iattenuated, as he eat in a broken chair 'support dng his head with one hand. Tho left arm. .was in : ,a sling. ? ??.,..'. . ; \--? In one corner, a, drunken, unsightly heap of ; cfilth, lay ' mammy,' her long black hair swoop- : ling over her Bhouldors. She had onco been a -pretty woman ! She had just arrived at that ?period of unconsciousness which.it., was now the (tendency of all her earthly efforts to. -, attain. , iTho 'cratur,' theonly 'frind';' she .had, accord ing to mammy, had helped, her to. that,, and aho -hadiforgotton all things, oven the thief, her hus :.bandj who heat hor, the dead children—dead in 'want and misery — the leaving Erin* tho Greon, .her. homo in tho'ould countbry' and Jhe crimes ^and horrors of the af tertime. ., i! In ono of her maddest moments— such rago as I i had -onco witnessed— sho had wrenched Peter's i arm* ?? ' Sure; miss,' said a washerwoman, a ? neighbor of mammy, a middle-aged Irishwoman; i of respectable appearance, 'she'll be 'the dith of the lad— an' a fine b'y he is — if she's left wid him' continual. Paythur ]'' suddenly resumed, she, in i(a loud voice, 'is it a fulo ye -arp, to bo.a-! ,-bringin' hur all yer airnins ivory day, to a.cirit,' and she a-batin' yer continual, and- yp pick i1?'-^ ' .this last in a fine crescendo. , 'Shur an'.why i don't yor bato hur 1' ' Do you think I'd, striko a woman?' demanded Peter, rising to his feet. u ,,... lassure the, reader that it was worth, going' to 0 the dreadful street to see my little news- boy as 1 'he looked, when he spoke theso words. His eyed i, bjazed, and hia pale, fovored faco glowed with '.;jnanly' indignation. ??????. ?'.' ?! . ? . . Tho ? omergency, however, , demanded ' action ./rather than sentiment. I sent for .acarriago, put ?i ..Peter into it; with ; Carroty: Jack's assistance, after .bidding . tho former tako with him what ii. ever belonged to him, as he should. nonreturn to iKithat house again with my consent., . .As ^ rode t! along, with Carroty Jack behind— an entirely .1.. novel- and certainly startling ' tiger'.'^and my ihlittle nows-Voy within, I wondered, wliatjit. was that he had sought for under tho bosom 'of. his .threadbare -shirt, and had. carefully, put out of : . Bight when I had bidden him take, with iiimwhatj .-.? ever was his. Nothing appeared. to belong to, him- ?- ..however, but some rude engravings of the heroes . -,,of thewar, which ho had. accumulated' and tied . in a bundle. We reached home just in 'time, for .eithor from the treatment he had endured at tho i hamls of mammy, fever, want of proper ejrb :. and suitable, food, or joy,at his release, Peter's ??? strength, was at an end. .When Laurencp, who had returned, opened tho carriage.door^rhy' little 1:. news-boy had fainted. , . . . .' . ,';, ! ? .j,,, It, topk three weeks' nursing, to the utter /[?neglect of the picture then on the, easel, to briHg ynhim back to, what, in remembrance ofthemelp ;, dious sounds^n which Peter had habitually prq e ^claimed the issue of the morning and evening-, ?.-.papers, I may perhaps, .be permitted to call ^.;Vcpneert:pitch.'. . .; , : ' !: (j.fj He informed me orip_ morning, however, when . vitheglad June air stirred tho curiahjs in j.he v'ipretty little room where we had installed him, ,, .that he. felt ' jolly' once more— an intelligence; ?i hailed with equal satisfaction,' by Laurence, my ti self, and Peter's faithful attendant and assistant, ^.nurse, Carroty Jack, who. forthwith danced a ^...halting and eccentric saraband, accompanied by , guttural sounds, the only means',' at hia command M.!|for.lh.Q expression, of joy at hia protector's re-, '?uCovery. ? ?'...?., ? ?' ? k '?, '-' - ' ?, j.,.;.-i ..'We-^Laurencoandl — had,. ere this, established I-. Carroty Jack as boot-bjack and runneivof-erra'nds. , in ordinary, the only office suited to. his undying i,,, good-will and mental incapacity.',' ','; ?? i f'ir ' : ; ? lv-. '; '.? ? ???' ' ': \ ? ;;;v .. . The sittings for the picture of the 'City News ''.'. boy;' on which I founded vast hopes, were finally' ;' ??'resumed,- as: also were Ida's for the 'Miranda; ?'That artful young porson had found out, by: i patient questioning, all about my little news-boy, ''i his sorrows, mammy, the lame lad, and Peter's .''installation in the pretty room, as well as Oarroty ': ' !l Jack's promotion to the post of rapin; also Poter's i to that of model,- color-mixer, and; for that 'matter, student of art, in Laurence's atelier. ]'''?','' The transformation effected in my little news ;';'.,iboy'by a suit of ' dark cloth clothes, a Byron ' ' collar and tie— this was an idea of my own — arid: .'.neatly fitting boots, all of which my brother as ' '; Burod Peter that his wages would soon pay. for, ''?'appeared to ho particularly approved of by, the ''V'iiair Ida, whose term of 'f poor boy '!' uttered in' '?/'accents of profound contmiseration, had not been *?';'' made use of sinco the disappearance of the shock- ? 4 ing hat and impossible coat. ?' ?????. \ '? ? ?'?'? Captain Weimar continued to visit us'frjo-' ?'' qaently, and one day confided to ;Lauronce sprno - details of his past sad history. He told of^t^ie' \ ' :birth of a boautiful boy a year after his1 marriage *'' with Elena Bononi. 'My son/'Haid'thecap1 ;'i 'tain,'*' wouldnow be about fifteen. ' ?''? --? ' = ;:-i---.t | ?;? °:: It was evident from tho Captain's 'emotion in.' ? speaking of him that the child had ' been.' an! ob *;' jecto£ adoration. When the -boy had reached ': the agoof six, Captain Weimar had reBolved to ' ?'', sail for America with his wife, both; being desir-' '' ' ous ''' of visitiug tho Great Republic* -But ''??(this, was ?'? destined to be ' ' tho|;: hegin J('i'n.irig of Borrow, for, ' God knows^hW; and'; ?' Ho only,' said Captain Weimar tomybrother-- j^'at. the Battery we lost our child. ''Itwasiin'the J '.'fcrbw'di just as wo were about to - enter a carriage1, ''' ':dnd'driv'e to an hotel. ? He ? was there one mo-* : :, (inent, gone the next !' . : ' i ?': '/L\\\ 'Bere the poor father, whose grief was over new,, ''': liaried his face in his nands. ? 'T- think ha. yiasj ?i: Btoleri,' resumed the captain, when able to speaki ?'-':'' for his pretty velvet suit, his little gold-headed' f1,1 cane, |his fine linen, his jewelled stude, and his i ; richly furred cap. We advertised,' continued fV.ithe unhappy Weimar, ' and offered, a very large '?'reward. Wo described the child minutely; 'and '' ''especially sppke of his wearing .an ivory miuia V .ture, the likeriessof liis mother, Biispeudod to a 1 ,' 'Venetian chain — an 6rnament' which ho had one ' ,J day': been allowed to wear, and had: always fo v''/;'l)eUed against our removing from about his neck. ^''-'?'We' waited 'in vain. We omployed the deteclivp; .police ; we did evei-ything that wecould think of. ?-V-;; orthat'was suggested to U3 by such friends sis I r .- hai',in New York ; but we never saw our child ' *' 'again.' Here the poor father sobbed aloud, f:'' '''it. broke my wife's heart,' resumed he at last.; '?'-'''?'?Hi'deViJlopod heart disease, whicli I had always ?dreaded for her, and, after a year of agony^ she died. She is in heaven, and at rest ; but I shall ''?? never again ba at rest till the grave closes over i'^'mei If I could but know that my boy. is.dead) ii0';-dead-:— gone to the heaven where, his mother is— ?V-J1' 'deed and at peace, I should not grieve as I do ; c-i;'Tbut'''(here he grasped my brother's arm) 'you '?^.'iaaye heard, Trubalbys, of. stolen uhildren being 't'.'iidrtured, have you not ,?'.' Hereian expression vi: °«f ' terrible anguish crossed ? tho face of tho ? -;istricken father. ' I dream of that every night !' '&-??:'?, ,': -..- ?- ??'??:??:.??:? vjl »J Jeter, a few months later, though art, after all, :iw 'turned out not to be his 'line,'. really began to i adeyplopo latent ability that way. ' He'caricatured ?iid {everybody I ? ?. - - ?:' ,-?'.''.' j '.' ji.'iw llda was; growing tall. Thirteen— now it was. nearly fourteenTr-.was quite advanced in ypung f !-!ladyhood- and she. promised to ho wonderfully ? .::.- ileaivtiful. Her eyes were very large, and lus *m.'j troas, blue verging toward greyj and thpir soft' iuil deptM were dieeply ? fringed (With1 lashes ^of a ,;»-..:-larker hue titan wv iwc and, luiurjaathair. i tyt ms'jiLi'i'.i;! i:-.-ri:i; i. .iv:;-,, -;; .oi.i; u.ii j'f,,i;; j .ii-|. her light,-- slight -figure every -motion- was. grace ful. . ---??- ???- ----- ; - ? -- Everybody knows how, boys fall in love, 'and to what an abject condition that state of mind' re duces them. Peter adored Ida.1 Impossible to say if the girl fancied' him. If bo, it was, of course, my duty — for. though the .patroness of Peter, I was also the, friend of Fraulpin Borta and Captain Weimar— Jo.nip the thing in;%e bud. I did not do so, however. At this late day, when, instead of being jubilant- as.to'my'Fe^dinand'ant Miranda, I might, be in .sackejoth and'asheB, I admit it. I did not nip that tender flower in the bud. In the first place; I saw 'heroic tendencies: in Peter, yearnings toward things the aspiring to, which would carry him safely over t the perioa of, what iB called ' calf-love,' -though I fail to see; the beauty of the expression as applied to human; beings. I really did not seojwhy,, if -I.could pro-; duco an expression of absolute rapture( on tho countenance, of Ferdinand -by, Bonding him with; books, flowers, or music to Miranda— and' I had scores of gifts of these things-^-I should not do so, .'.'_?'?!-.??-.?.?..: One day— one oventful day ! — we formed a party the avowed intent of whiohwastogo to the house of. Captain Weimar, there to look at a pic ture which ho had recontly purchased, and which' was, like all purchases made, by other than cognoscenti, an 'undoubted original.': Poor, Weimar ! Although ho knew what was beautiful .through fooling, ho know nothing of art as artists' know it. But Laurence and I. determined; to' gq to £eo the irrefragable Vernet. T i The party consisted of Fr'auleiri Berta and Iday besides ourselves, and of Peter, who had begged to be allowed a look at the 'battle-piece.' I saw no reason, for my part, -why a gentlemanly look ing and woll-bohavcd lad should not be. allowed to walk along beside Frauloin Ida, even though.she waa to be the captain's heiress. : ;, v ; Berta had Laurence's arm, and I thb captain's. Carroty Jack followed in tho dim distance, catch ing up with -us every now and1 then, 'with a roll of sketching-paper under hia arm, upon which — man proposes, and God disposes ! — Laurence intended to transfer some of the wonders and beauties of tho 'original.' Fraulein Berta and Laurence,- the captain and myself, were forward^ in- ourprogress through the; streets, of Ida and Peter. In tho distance still hobbled Carroty Jack,, who, though a cripple, was athletic, arid not without a certain nimbleness that cripples often havo.1!;:- ??;???? '? ' - ? '- ? ? : We arrived at the crossing at Fourteenth- street, :pr6bably the most dangerous in the city, for, there carriages, carts, and omnibuses pour from, every direction,, so that; if you avoid Scylla you meet Charybdis. If an' omnibus does not run 'over you,tGn-to ono a carriage will. ' These little ac cidents should, to besure, bo encouraged,. aapro- dnctivoof items for the city papers. ! ,L ? i iLaureaco and tho by no means agile JBerta, ar rived safely' upon, the opposite pavement; so did the iaptain and I ; but we had hardly, reached1 it ore' a scream broke from. Berta's lips,' and we , turned to see a sight I shall never ^forget: If. was Ida, prostrate almost beneath the feet, of two rearing omnibus horses;' urged forward' a moment before, as is.' often ^he.base, 'by a bnitfil, .heedless, and half-intoxicated driver1,; Peter at the heads of the horses,' hiilding' their reins in 1 his hands, and backing ' theni, ? ?with ' desperate strength, and poor lame Carroty Jack now being dragged from beneath the feet 6l the almost un manageable horses, where He had cpst himself. Eoor boy I in the effort to aid his protector to save la. ''?''. '.':',' '??' ''' ':''? '' '''. '. '?' ' But for the strength and presbhee of mind of the two heroic lads, whose life in the street bad, developed not only that, but extraordinary bodily strength, the young girl must have been killed ' before our eyes. Ida was pale,' trembling, and utterly helpless, her garments' covered with' the' slippery street mud which had been the cause of her fall. Sho had not fainted,' however, though ' her livid lips and pale cheeks told by what an effort she kept herself from doing so. Fraulein Berta evidently contemplateda swoon', but gave it up in view of the fact ttyat thore was no man about sufficiently unoccupied to devote himself to. holding her. I never db such things, and Laurence and the captain were' highly, available' in supporting Ida and Peterj one of whose 'wrists' was badly, sprained ; while I1 directed 'the police man, who had now succeeded 'in dragging Carroty Jack from beneath the feet of the omni-. bus Mrses, !to place him in a carriage. ! ' - ' ; . -. When finally stowed into two, carriages, 'our: party' started in the' direction of the' captain's houso. ' Thonfor a moment my Attention was at tracted to Laurence's carriage. -He, aided by Frauleiri- Berta, was supporting Carroty Jack,' and it struck me, as his carriage passod ours, thathisfacp was strangely gravo. Was the lad dangerously hurt ? ? , ?' ? - r ;' I hoped not, but I rejpicod at the same time at j thesafety of my protege. 'Bon sang ne peut mentirl'' muttered I to myself, remembering various rescuings of noble ladies by their gallant pages! I was naturally proud of my little news boy's heroic achievement, and, helped the captain, in jnakinga hero of him, which process covered his faco with burning blushes. ' ?' i '?' We reached the captain's houso. Laurence and Berta lifted out poor Jack,; and the captain and I followed with Ida and Peter. ?'?'?'' . ' , But the strange events 'of that day were not 'yot at'a'n end. Whon wewero about entering the parlor, Peter, gallantly ignoring his sprained wristi stepped for ward to open the Aoor. Above th'e'man't'el-pio'co', the first thing visible as the boy pponed the door, hung Laurence's portrait, of the captaui'a Vdea'd wifo. Peter started and uttered ri/cry.^' rremomber how the boy then stood a moment, staring at tho picture, but motionless, as'if turned ' to stone ; then wo saw him sink upon his knees'; weeping, and exclaiming as the tears streamed down , his faco, ' My mother ! my mother !' Then jwd: saw him thrust his trembling hand into his breast, and; draw forth art-- ivory', miniature, upon which, in vivid 'beauty, was traced the self same face that'sh'ono'dbwn/v'pbn. him from , the canvas ; and while- ho, held.it'uW as priqsts the' holy' wafer; lipforo thealtar, sob-' bing 'with choking' sobs), 'exclaiming -Btilli ' Mother;! my mother I' ? ' ' ,.'?,',''? J'.: !v i ' My story, is told;'; 'ForPictrb 'was- Captain; Weimar's, son, who, ,hadjbeon| ?.lest1.1; and ''was found. ? '' '??'?'? ; ?-??''???? li';-y '''?' ; ?'?-'?? ; j It waa great joy, ah'd it nearly caused the death of the captain'. -; His'&ceiturneditoiitho;'imejof; ashes,;laud'L«urence''had but time to spread his,, arms to catch hiraias he was falling ,to .the lloor., I thonght we should never(succeed;in, bringing ' him back to life ag^ain. ? -; .?:?!?..;..-?.: .???: ,' ' .There is something, awful, in great/ joy; about a' heart-beat, I think, botween it and death.; ' I' can sep now Captain Weimar's pale, .pale face, and his shaking arms t'wined' about his son, whom he clutched ever and anon . to this breast, kissing his eyes, his mouth, his cheeks, his hair. A great, d terrible joy, but God had permitted1 it to boas Laurence had hoped it might. .. ?'; . j ? ? I must, ere I close my story,, tell how we;had other 'evidence,' though* nothing more. was needful, besides theboy's emotion at tho sight of , the picturs, his -possession of the miaiaturev and his likeness to the dead mother.! ' Mammy' was brought to an intelligible confession... It had to be done by a suppression of her '.'frind' the ; '?'eratur/' and a promise of pardony and even of reward. '? ; We bore down upon: her. in. aU, the ; terrific majestyoif persons acquainted! ' with the. facts,'- and gave her tho refreshing assurance, that it would be of 'no manner of use for her to lie.'! 'It's dead they all werelof- Mike'B an' me own,1'1 said sho. '? Shure and four I had o' thern., Mike's a divil, buta picture of. a man he was' whin I' married him in tbe- ould.icounthry. 'I cohsate'd he'd not be forivera- batin'.meif I had .?ib ;i/:i:Tfo/y.ir,t..:l.f;:vj.-i y.bl hv-' sHd'liu ./ . J.a..ohiRwidij»e,,ah'i wanted wun to beg wid an' 'k'ape me company, an' I wasn't so lorieBbine/plaBe' the pigs, wid respects to yees, after -I stole him. An' ita many a time, Paythur — and Bhure it's a gude lad ye are, an' ye won't bo forgettin' it on yerould mammy, would ye, Paythur 1— that we've Bowld tho matches an' the apples an' oranges togither, an' yersilf a-carryin' the basket. Ah' ye could niy'er say, ' Paythur, could ye now, as I ;iver bate ye/ ixcept whin the eratur was in me ? : An' it wint agin me thin, it did. ' 'i . . : She then informed us, with howls, that she was a ' poor, quiet critter,' and begged that wo! would not harm her. Mike, her , husband, was, ! we afterwards learned, a professional thief, and in , what, in tho languago of his like, is called 'quod' at the,. time when. tho advertisement appeared . offering a large reward for the restoration of the captain's child. Mammy, not being able to road anything, did riot, of course, read the papers'. : I suspect that she celebrated the acquisition of Pietro.by :-a mad carouse. ???' '?? I shall always boliovo— and tho fact that the1 miniature likeness of Madame Weimar was never1, Bold, and.that '- mammy' had always told Pietrc: ' that it represented his true mother, loads me to do bo— that mammy intended ultimately to re store Pietro to his parents, and to make money! out of the thing ; but her drunken habits prob ably prevented any coherency of thought or pur-1 pose, and thus this enterprise of great pith and moment came to nothing. j Things loek now very much as if the cousins 1 would marry. At all -events they have an exceed-; ingly loving appearance in a very, pretty group —though I say it— that I have made of thorn as . Ferdinand and Miranda on the lonely isle in the sea. A . .?' ? . '? ? ' '? ; ' Fair encounter i Of two most rare affoctions.' j . , But Caliban— poor Carroty Jack— will sit to me] rib more. Tho poor cripple was injured. in the chest on the day of the rescuo of Ida. He sank rapidly;; The doctor's examination decided that his injury was fatal, and all our care failed to save him. He died holding Piotro's hand. His aoul, which had viewed this fair earth 'but as through a glass, darkly,' has pas_sed through nature to eternity, and its lost part is found. j ; The picture of Pietro as the ' City. News-boy',' 'has proved 'a success. There are stranger things in the Human Comedy than his story. .. . j 