The Storyteller. A CHRISTMAS DAY, AND WHAT CAME OF IT. CHAPTER IV. SOME hours hence, Geoffry stood in the Court House at Rushbridge. Mr. Dalton, who had just given his evidence, eaw him as he entered, and was startled beyond measure, not only be- cause he thought he waa lying ill in bed at Woodford, but by the whiteness of his face. He made his way towards him. " Geoffry!" was all he could exclaim. " I have come to give evidence in this case," Geoffry 8-id in a clear voice that all near could hear. Everyone afterwardß Baid how un dauntedly he spoke up ; but aa for himself, he thought he hid never felt such an unmitigated coward, lie felt a dreadful fear that if ho did not apeak at once he should be sorely tempted to leave Dee to hia fate. He had to wait a little, however, and then *•» was called to give evidence. _{ a wen t U p with a firm trea^ ant \ his voice was clear and steady when he spoke. ■ The astonUhment was indescribable amongst the crowd, for the Court House waa crammed, aa it heard Geoffry Temple, generally looked upon as one of the most enviable men round, accuse himself—firstly, of being an escaped convict, Geoffry Everitt by name ; and secondly, of hav ing been tbe cause of Mr. Ford'a death. But the most extraordinary part of the proceeding was, that he strongly declared his entire inno- Hnce of the forgery for which he had been ansported, and absence of all guilty intention with regard to Ford'a death. " As you may imagine," said Geoffry, in con clusion, "it was a great temptation to keep quiet, for I don't think I should ever have been suspected ; but that poor wretch" —pointing to Dee, who comd understand very little that was going on —" would perhaps have suffered un juatly. For my part, I don't greatly core if my ator.v of Ford' 3 death ia not credited, becauae of vy/ofmer condition, and becauae of hia know ledge of it, for I would as soon die as return to my old life." " WJJLt made Mr. Ford auspect you of being a convict ?" he was asked. " I cannot tell," he replied. "At leost lam not very clear on that point. I remember once I unguardedly mentioned B , and he asked me if .1 had ever been there, and when ? I alao loßt some time ago a Prayer-book, given me by tbe chaplain there, in which ia written my real name, but I do not know if it ever got into Ford'a handa. However, there is a letter from him to Superintendent Ripley in his desk, so he told me, and that may say ; alao it will go to prove what I have stated." When ha had finished he was committed for trial, and though Mr. Dalton offered it, bail was refused. As to himself, he seemed almost in different as to what became of him. On coming out of the Court House, Mr. Dalton waa met by Dr. Allen, who rushed up to him in great excitement. " What is all thia I hear ?" he cried. " I have been away. They tell me that my patient, fresh from the jaws of death as it were, has ridden from Woodford and put himself under arrest. Ia it true?" asked he, panting, and wiping the perspiration off hiß forehead. " I am sorry to have to say it is," answered .Mr. Dalton a little sternly. "He confesses he 'caused Ford'a death on Chriatmaa night, and besides," he added, drawing Dr. Allen away from the knots of people who atood talking about the door, "ho haa been a convict! Fancy that ! I ahould never have guesaed it; and we trusted and liked him so much." " Good graoioua!" cried the doctor. " He will never be able to prove that Ford was killed by an accident," went on Mr. Dalton. " He haa no witneaaes, and hia having been a con vict ia enough to prejudice people against him, even if it were not known that Ford was ac quainted with the fact, and meant to expoaehim, if he had lived." "But his coming forward now," cried the doctor, whose breath was almost taken away with dismay, and who was a staunch friend of Geoffry's, " surely that alone will prove bim to be a generous-hearted fellow, who would never think of taking away a fellow-creature's life." " But in a moment of passion " Mr. Dalton began suggesting, but was interrupted by the doctor quite fiercely. " Mr. Dalton! can it be you talking Uke that ? Sou, of all men, who know the poor fellow best. As for me, I'll stick to hia innocence through thick and thin." Mr. Dalton felt reproved, but he aaid gloomily : "Mow can I tell what to think ? I wonder ii " Tho only wonder is, that you don't think more generouely of him," interrupted the teety doctor, "and that the ride from Woodford didn't kill him. By Jove ! he must be made of pluck! Excitement kept him up, of course, but he'll Buffer for it. I shall go and Bee him. Come along." "No, no; don't ask me," said Mr. Dalton, drawing back ; " I'm very sorry for him, but— but he makes me a little angry too, for hasn't he deceived us for so long ?" " And small blame to him. lam not the man to caat a stone at him because he didn't pro claim on the housetops that he had been a con vict once. lam only filled with admiration for his conduct to- day. Never heard of a braver or nobler thing, by Jove! Deserves tho Victoria Cross, by George." And the warm-hearted doctor ruahed away to get admittance to Geoffry, and to cheer him up with the sight of a friendly, trusting face, for he waa beginning to feel the reaction after the excitement that had supported him. He could only feel: " Thank God, I have done it ; all there ia to do now, ia to wait;" but waiting, he foucd, waa the hardest part of all, and when Dr. Allen came to him he found him lying weak in body and deaponding in mind, on hia pallet. Meantime, Mr. Dalton went back to hia hotel for the night, and next morning atarted aa early as he could (after readiug an account of yester day's proceeding* iv the Rushbridge Times, and swearing inwardly at the editor for introducing hia name so often). He was anxious to get home, fearing others might carry the bad news before he could get there. He did not spare his horaea on his way, and was not very long before he arrived at Woodford. He had not the cou rage to tell Bertie himself. Ho told his wife, and commissioned her to break it to her. When her mother had told her all as gently as she could, Bertie sat quite still aud silent for a time, and then, as the truth in all its fulness broke npon her, she fell to weeping paaaionately, and flinging herself on her kneeß beside Mra. Dalton, she clasped her hands and declared that she would never believe one word against him. " Oh, mamma!" she cried, " let me go and see him. Oh, my poor Geoffry!" " I cannot let you do that, dear. We will wait patiently until we hear more." " What is the good of waiting," she answered passionately, drying her tears. "He was ill when he went away. He will die there with no one to take care of him, or be kind to him. You must let me see him. How does papa say he was looking ?" "Your papa," said Mrs. Dalton, looking a little confused, "had not time—at leaßt he was not able to see him before he came away." " Not see bim!" Bertie exclaimed, springing up. " You don't mean to say papa didn't try to see him." " I don't exactly know," answered her mother, slightly abashed by the bright, searching eyes. " I think he was afraid he would not be the first to get ont here." " And he was in Ruahbridge all laat evening, aud if he had choaen he could have seenhhrt, thia morning. He thinks him tie, very caln^ '^_ ia _ her wiatful ejeB> bat tearless, on her mother's gentle face. "He thinks him guilty /" " No, Bertie," answered she, " he does not do that, but he wants time to think the affair over. He " " And papa left him to fancy we would care for him no more. But oh ! Geoffry can never —would never believe I would forget, or care for him less, than I always did." Mrs. Dalton waa distressed. Her husband had cautioned her to let Bertie see, without telling her ao roughly, that ahe muat give Geoffry up. She did not know what to say. " Of courae, darling," ahe aaid, putting her arm round tho poor child, " if he can prove he ia innocent, both in thia aud in the other affair, as he declares he is, we will let you care for bim as much as ever, but " " But! I know what you are going to say, mamma. But my heart is my own, and I can and Bhall love him always." And after this nn dutiful speech, Bertie unclasped her mother's arms and stood quite defiantly. " Bertie!" Baid her gentle mother, and she came and threw herself on her mother's bosom. " Oh! mamma, forgive me! But lam so wretched. Oh! tell me you think him inno cent." " I do, Ido !" What could Mrs. Dalton do then, but kiss and vainly endeavor to whisper hope she could not feel herself. And Bertie knew she was but acting to console her, and was not comforted. What a miserable day that was. Bertie scarcely spoke, and looked Uke the ghost of the sweet, lively little creature who was always so gay. They missed the frank smile and cheerful voice of poor Geoffry too; and how the day dragged itself by they could not tell. All they knew was that it was the moat miserable day ever spent at happy Woodford; the children quiet, even Ellie was hushed ; the servants went softly about their work, gossiping under their breath, but all filled with compassion for hand some, kind-hearted, quick-tempered Geoffry. Long as the day was they got through it somehow, but they were glad when bed- time came, and they departed to sleep if they could; but most of them lay awake thinking over the events of the last few days. As for Bertie, her sweet eyes never closed, and when morning broke it found her sleepless still. She rose, for it was weary lying with nothing to do, and went to her window. As Bhe did bo she saw Dale, the convict, standing at the kitchen door speak ing to Lizzie. " Tell him I want to Bee him at once," she heard bim say ; and Lizzie ran off to Mr. Dal ton's room. " Mr. Dalton," Bhe cried, tapping at his door, " Dale wants to Bee you, Bir." " Tell him to wait," said Mr. Dalton rather savagely, for he had only had an hour or bo of sleep. " He wants to speak to yon, sir, very particu larly," called Lizzie. " Bother the man !" said Mr. Dalton. "I'll come," he shouted, and took his time dressing, grumbUng meanwhile about " unearthly hours," and " never having any peace." He came out in a few minutes, looking very sleepy. "Well, Dale?" with a tremendous yawn. " Oh, Sir," cried Dale, coming forward and speaking eagerly, " I have something of impor tance to tell you. I only heard the news last night about Mr. Temple having given himself up. Please, I can give evidence that it was by quite an accident that Mr. Ford was killed. I was witness of it all." " Thank God !" cried Mr. Dalton, with" fer vor, all his sleepiness vanishing. "Go on, go on. "I didn't tell this before," went on Dale, " because," catching Lizzie'B eye and smiling, " I was told Mr. Temple did me a good turn, so I wanted to do him another. I knew that if I let on that Mr. Temple waa by when Mr. Ford got killed, and people found out what he had been, and how Mr. Ford knew it, they would perhaps not have thought it was an acoi dent. That is, you know, sir, if I had been the first to tell, but now Mr. Temple, or Everitt I suppose I ahould aay, has blabbed on himself, my evidence will help him. I hope it will," he added earnestly. "To be sure it will," cried Mr. Dalton. " Good gracious, child!" as a pale-faced, tremb ling, but eager girl glided to his side, and slipped her arm through his. " I have heard all," Baid Bertie. "Go on!" she said to Dale. " Ay! tell us how you know about Mr. Temple's past life." said Mr. Dalton. And Dale went on— " Thia is how it came abont, sir : I waa sent tj look after Brand's flock on Christmas-day, and I—l have not been accustomed to shep herding, and the dog was troublesome, ao I lost some of the sheep in the afternoon (I hope you will excuse it, sir, for I found them again). Well, after the sheep were camped, I set off to look for them. It was a very bright night, and I hoped I should find them without having to come into the head station about them, and I tracked 'em as far as Blacks' Gully, and there, as I was passing, I saw a horse hitched up to a ahe-oak. I heard voices, bo I crept nearer, quietly, and looked. There I saw Mr. Everitt and Mr. Ford talking. I couldn't help hearing what they Baid. In fact, I listened, and I heard all about Mr. Everitt having been a convict, and everything elae that he confesaed at Ruah bridge ; and then, just as Mr. Ford was going away, Mr. Temple caught hold of him, just aa be says, and said: ' You're not going yet,' and be didn't go neither. His foot caught, and he fell backwards and hit his head on a jagged stump (I could show it to you), and fell down, stunned I thought at first, and so muat Mr. Everitt, for he tried to bring him to life, but when he found it was no good he jumped on his horse and went off. I went and looked at Mr. Ford, and as he was dead, fast enough, I didn't see it waa my place to say anything, and so, after finding my sheep, I just went home." " Why didn't you tell thia before ?" asked Mr. Dalton. And Lizzie, having listened with dilating eyca to the Btory, ruahed off to wake her mistress. " Becauae Mr. Temple —Everitt I mean — waan't auspected, so I thought I'd let things take their course. One Chinaman less in the world wouldn't be any great lobb, and I'd sooner let Old Dee get hanged than—l beg your pardon, miss," he broke off, catching a eight of Bertie's horrified blue eyes gazing at him —" I didn't mean to —all I meant waa, I'd rather do a great deal before I'd Bend him back to the place both he and I have come from." Mrs. Dalton came running out now, her smooth hair all in diaarray, and clasped Bertie in her arms. —"""■"""" !" she cried. -~~ a hen they all went back to the house, Mr. Dalton fetching brandy for Dale, and making him repeat the story over and over again. He Eent for horaes, saying he and Dale would go in directly to Rushbridge ; and before long they did bo, after being compelled by Mrs. Dalton to have some breakfast before they started, not that Dale wanted very much compulsion, but Mr. Dalton was in such a hurry to be off that, but for Dale's partiality for breakfast, he would have departed fasting. Ab tbey rode along, Mr. Dalton's conscience gavo him a few sharp pricks for having allowed any doubts (though he would hardly confess to himself that he had had any) to enter his mind as to Geoffry's innocence. " I ought to have known the lad better," he thought to himself; " but I was so taken by surprise," excusing him self. Directly he and Dale arrived in town they rode to the doctor's. " How is Geoffry ?" asked Mr. Dalton, after shaking hands. "Better," answered Dr. Allen. "But he was greatly cut up," he said a little severely, " when he found you had left without even a message to him. But he says 'tis only what he ought to expect." " Well, I am sorry, really," returned Mr. Dalton, rather shamefacedly. " But lam going to see him now, and take him some good news. Will you come with me ? "To be sure. But good newß! What good news ?" When his friend had told him all, the doc tor's delight was unbounded. " First we muat go to the Police Magistrate," said he. So away they went; Mr". Dalton and Dale and the doc tor. They fonnd the P.M. disengaged, so went in directly, and, producing Dale, made him relate his story. I'm very— sincerely glad, Mr. Dalton," said the P.M. "But of course yon know that Mr. Everitt muat stand for his trial still. Of course, of course- I merely brought the man at once to make his statement, to show it is a true evidence —not a patched-up arrange ment, you know. Well, good morning. We muit be going." And they hurried away. When they arrived at Geoffry's place of abode— a strong wooden building, bnt not very comfortable, for it was a mere " lock np " —they were admitted at once, as the Magistrate had given them an order. Geoffry was sitting very disconsolately at hia table, attempting to read the paper. He put it down when he saw Dr. Allen, and rose with a smile; but in spite of the would-be-cheerful smile, Mr. Dalton saw with pain the hollow eyes and lines of care round his mouth. He came forward quickly, with out-stretched hand ; but Geoffry started back and turned pale, saying, with a humility that pained Mr. Dalton still more, " Mr. Dal ton, I did not expect to see you here. Ido not deserve it indeed." Bat he pressed his hand gratefully, as Mr. Dalton seized his own and shook it hoartily. "Cheer up, Geoff.," said his old cheerful familiar voice. " We've got good news for you. How ill you look. Sit down." "Thank you, I'd rather stand. Tell me," said Geoffry, his hollow eyes looking eagerly at Mr..Dalton, and his hand trembling. Dr. Allen bronght Dale in by a sign, for he had been standing just outside the door, waiting to be called. Geoffry looked at him with a queer smile, whioh had a little pathos in it, and held out his hand. " Sorry as you are for me, Mr. Dalton," said he, " Dale can sympathise with me still more, for are we not equal ? No, not equal, for I'm worse off than he." "I hope not, sir," said Dale respectfully, ' Has Mr. Dalton told you what I have to say, or " " No, I haven't; tell him," interrupted his master. And Dale did tell him, and as he went on, such a look of relief came over Geoffry's worn face —worn with sleepless nights, bitter and vain regrets, and dread of the future—and he sank down on the chair with a great sob. " Thank God! Thank God!" he murmured over and over again. He covered his face with his hands, and they left him to his own thoughts for a few minutes. Presently he raised hia head, almost looking like the Geoffry of old, bnt yet older and sadder. " You can swear to all this ?" he said eagerly to Dale. " Swear, sir ? I can indeed," answered Dale, whose rough face beamed with pleasure, and Geoffry went on talking eagerly, and his eyes brightened and his face cleared of some of its load. Dale went away first, and as Mr. Dalton was wishing Geoffry good-bye an hour or so hence, Geoffry stopped him and said with a quiver in hiß tone, and down-cast eyes: " I know you won't wish me to—l know I shouldn't, bnt might I just ask how—how she is ? Is she well ?" And he raised his dark eyes, softened and tender to Bertie's father. " Hum! she—Bertie is quite well—that is, in body; but you know—" " Yes, yes, Mr. Dalton, I understand. Do you know the only reason why I'm glad that Dale can give evidence for one is—is because the disgrace will not be quite so great, for her—for you all, I mean." " I hope you may have luck yet," said Mr. Dalton ; " I really must go now. Good-bye." "Mr. Dalton," said Geoffry, "would it be too much to ask you to let me send her one message—juat one ?" Don't think me pre sumptuous," and he held hia hand to keep him. " Well, tell me what it ia," said Mr. Dalton, clearing his throat. " I want you to ask her to forgive me. Since I have been here I have been thinking, and I see how wickedly selfish I have been. Tell her that she should forget me, is my wish—my prayer. I would not give her one pang by re membering one who is so unworthy of her," and he broke down and turned away, and Mr. Dalton, squeezing his hand, said : " I will give her your message, Geoff. God bless you !" And he hurried away with dim eyes. He was very fond of Geoffry, and would have done anything to help him, not only for his own sake, but Bertie's ; but beyond being kind to the poor fellow, he could do little during the week that followed, before he was taken to Mel bourne to stand his trial. Mr. Dalton, although he waa sanguine with regard to the issue of his trial for the murder of Ford, was filled, as in deed was everyone who knew him, with pity for the fine young fellow who would have to re turn, convicted by his own confession, to fulfil the time of his transportation, and more than that, as penalty for loving his freedom, and. staking his all on the cV~— -~r\,J_i n „ ;f tt_ , ,„  , . ■■— —mi 01 gaining it. Me 11AQ Tft^Lz——■ """ i* ~2— -rr^ca, and must abide the conaequencea of hia raahnesa. Mr. Dalton went home once during the week to wish his wife and daughter farewell, and to give them all the news and comfort ho could, but there was little enough of the latter, and then he departed when Geoffry was taken to Melbourne to watch his case, and to employ the most eminent barrister to defend him. Mrs. Dalton and her daughter were going, but at the last moment Mrs. Dalton fell ill. Her strength gave way under the excitement, and the was confined to her bed for several days. Bertie, of course, stayed with her, and it waa a good thing for the poor child to have something to do to keep her thoughts from dwelling too much on her lover's deadful situation. Her father and mother had never directly told her all muat be over between Geoffry and heraelf, but she knew that it muat be bo as far as one who could not foretell the future, could see. Bhe went sadly and heavily about her duties, quite unlike the happy Bertie of old; her sweet face clouded, and her blue eye dim. Still she held on bravely, trying to be cheerful with her mother and kind to the children; but it was a hard battle, and sometimes she thought she must give way, and Bhe would slip away to be alone in her grief. Mr. Dalton had been gone a week. They had heard regularly from him since he had been away. Mrs. Dalton, who was better, and sitting with Bertie in the drawing-room, was brought a letter. A portion of it ran thus : " I do not know how to be thankful enough to be enabled to tell you that poor Geoffry's case is progressing favorably. There is very small fear indeed of an unfavorable verdict, but the alternative seems almost as dreadful. In deed, I think Geoffry, but for the disgrace to us, would not care much how the trial ended." Then he went on to tell them the particulars of the trial. Next day no letter came, and the day after that the same. Bortie looked miserable, and made no effort even to be cheerful. Mrs. Dal ton was filled with dismal forebodings also. Towards the evening, Mrs. Dalton and her daughter sat silent, each wrapped in her own sad thoughts, am the pretty drawing-room. The sun was setting in a gorgeous bank of red and yellow clouds, and Mrs. Dalton lay on the sofa watohing it. They had not spoken all day (since the man returned that they had sent to-sec if there were letters) of Geoffry. They dared not. Eaoh knew what the silence on Mr. Dalton's part meant. Surely he was bringing the news himself, because he oould not break it gently enough in a letter. So they both thought. " Bertie, dear," said her mother, taking her hand; "it might not be as bad as we fear." She was the first to break silence. "Oh! mamma, I dare not hope," cried Bertie, squeezing her hand ; and then, spring ing up, she cried wildly, " Don't speak of it; I cannot bear it," and she rushed away with a choking sob. She longed to be alone. She walked quickly along the garden path to the arbor, and when there she sank down on the rustic seat, and gave way to her pent-up grief. The poor girl felt there was no hope for Geoffry, and she des paired. If there was any good news, or even if the trial had gone on as they expected, would not her father have written ? She had kept a brave heart all along, but now the future seemed so dark, so gloomy, bo wretched. She wept passionately, and then, exhausted, she leaned her forehead, with its bright rippling hair, on the arm of the rustic seat, and her tears dropped slowly, large, and heavy through her fingers. She noticed not that the son was down, and the golden clouds were becoming dimmer. She was blind and deaf to all around her, and did not even hear the Bound of horses' tramp come up to the house, for the entrance gate was not near the arbor. She sat there sadly for awhile, and then thinking her mother would not like her to be away so long, she rose slowly and dried her wet blue eyes. As she did so, she started as she heard a foot fall on the gravel path. Her heart gave a quick throb of hope, and then sank again. Nearer it came. Perhaps it was her father. She nerved her self and moved towards the door. A shadow fell upon ber, for someone was standing in the doorway. Bertie gave a wild, choking cry of delight, and flew into Geoffry's arms. She rose, she flung, she clung to his embrace, Till his heart heaved beneath her hidden face. " Oh, Geoffry, my darling, my darling! You have oome back to me!" was all she could mur mur. " Thank God, thank, God!" Presently, when they were both a little calmer, they sat down. " And, papa, where is he P" asked Bertie, whose pretty face had lost its sadness, and in its place reigned happiness complete. "He is with Mrs. Dalton. They sent me to ask you if yould take me baok again." He didn^ look much as though he feared being sent away. Bertie blushed and pnt her little hand into both his, and looked up in his face Bhyly. •• I don't forget my promise, and will not, in spite of your message papa gave me." " How good of you, sweetest, to write to me!" " Papa and mamma, did not know," she said, coloring again. " I gave it to Dr. Allen. I couldn't bear you to think I had forgotten yon, and papa would not take any more messages, he said. But you haven't told me how you came back to us." Then he told her his story. On the fourth day of the trial, things were going againßt him somewhat, when to his rescue came an old lawyer who had been out of town, but came back in haste to Melbourne, on seeing the ac oount of his case in the papers. This lawyer brought forward proofs that he had in his pos session of Geoffry's innocence of the forgery for whioh he had been sentenced. The facts were these: Christopher Willis, his prosecutor, had made a will three years be fore, to this effeot —His property, as he had no near relatives living, was to pass to Geoffry Everitt, if he could be ascertained to be alive during five years after his death. If by the end of that time he had not been discovered, it was to go to some distant relative. At bis death he left proof that he had ascertained the real cul prit to have been his nephew, who confessed to him when on his death-bed. Willis, though anxious to free Geoffry from the stigma under which he labored, did not wish to expose his nephew, unleaa Geoffry was found to be still living, which was more than doubtful, as he waa supposed to have been drowned while escaping f rom b . Mr. Fawcett, the Melbourne lawyer who stated these facts, produced papers to prove his statements. The search for Geoffry Everitt had been intrusted to Mr. Faw cet by Mr. Willis' executors, aud until he saw the account of Geoffry's confession he had been able to find no trace of him. SoGeoffry was m ]?_<* -^ an^waß richer ~* 3 £16,000 by this discovery. He was acquitted amid the cheers of the crowded court. Once more he was a free man —the stain from his name, and, as far as he could see, a cloudless future, but for the remembrance of the past. But for the time to come it was to be but a re membrance. " And now," said he in conclusion, "I ambetter off than I deserve. I have yon, my Bertie, and am a free man, and a wealthy one. lam more than grateful for all I have, but I shall never be able to forget that I, however unintentionally, caused the death of a fellow-creature." Bnt Bertie put her hand in his for ever some weeks after thia, and somehow he did almost forget it. Five years have passed away, and another Christmas-day has dawned. Geoffry Everett is now owner of Beaumont, a lovely station situated in New South Wales, near the border of Queensland. He had left Woodford, not from any feelings of shame for his past con duct, but because he did not care to be pointed out to strangers, and to have all his past history told them by the Rushbridge gossips. As I have just stated, it was Christmas-day, and the hot Australian sun poured down with its fiercest rays upon the parched grass, seeming to make the very ground a furnace of heat; even tho cattle could bear it no longer, hut were lying lazily in the cool shade of the great trees, and the birds had hushed their song, as if they too found it too hot to do anything, so must take a holiday as every other creature was doing. In the verandah of the pleasant, cool house at Beaumont, are seated four people. Let us take a peep in through the thickly clustering passion flower and see who they are. There are Mr. and Mrs. Dalton, and Geoffry and Bertie Everett. None of them have altered much in the last five yeara. Geoffry is still very handsome, but there are a few lines of care npon his face, and aomotimea a look of sadness cornea into hia eyes, bat which the sound of his wife's voice, or the caresses of his children, never fail to remove. Bertie is rather more matronly-looking than she used to be, but is still young and blooming. She is at present employed in gently remonstra ting with her eldest child, a pretty little girl of nearly four years, with short fair hair, and blue eyes like her mother's, for trying to -take away little Geoffry's play things. Geoffry Everett, jun., is at present only two years old, but is a fine, manly little fellow, with golden hair and large bright, brown eyes; he is employed in hammering small nails into the verandah floor, a feat whioh his mother and grandmamma consider quite wonderful for such a small boy. " Look at that darling Geoff.," exclaimed the latter ; "he never hammers his fingers; he is quite a little carpenter." " Yon will make Bertie too proud of that boy, grandmamma," ssid the elder Geoffry, laughing. " Yon shan't pay us another Christ mas visit if you ' blow' so about those children." " By-the- bye," interrupted Mr. Dalton, " how is Dale getting on ? I hope you have never repented taking him as your overseer ?" " Never," answered Geoffry. " I oould not have found a better or more trustworthy man for overseer. That is his house," continued he, pointing to a nice, tidy-looking cottage, stand ing in a brilliantly flowering little garden, at some distance from their own house. " Lizzie makes him a first-rate wife, and they are very happy together." " I have forgotten to ask after that kind old Dr. Allen," said Bertie. " How is he, mamma ?" " Very well, and prospering; for as you know Rushbridge has become quite a large town dur ing the last five years, and the doctor has enough to do. He has not forgotten his pro mise of coming to see you." " Yes, I know," replied Mrs. Everett; "he told Geoffry in his last letter that he intends paying ns x a visit in the winter. Dear old man, we shall be so glad to see him; lam sure the children will be fond of him." " I have never forgotten his kindness to me," said Geoffry. " Nor I," said hie wife, slipping her hand into his. " But hark! there is the dinner bell. Come, children. They rose, and in a few moments were seated round the well-spread table in the prettily-de corated dining-room. There let us leave them, the picture of do mestic happiness, and with a bright future to look forward to. E. W. THE END. A BBKBATloiralj incident recently occurred in Lady Bay, which, but for the bravery exhibited by a lighte-man named Peter Diggine, would have resulted iv a case of drowning. Shortly after the Rob Roy '.lad swung to h: r anchorage in the bay (*ay? i o fFarrnambool Examiner), an individual i.ined Henry John Shepherd was observed to .hrow himself overboard. The cry of " A man overboard !" was heard by the lighterman Di^gina, who was working with a mate in a 1; jhter at the fore part of the vessel. The two men clambered aboard, and made their way to the after part of the vessel, where the confusion was greatest. The drowning man had already disappeared for the third time —a dark speck beneath the clear blue water, and a few faint eddies on the surface were all that could be discerned indi cating the man's position. Diggins made ready for a plunge. Springing on to the taffrail of the vessel he leaped perpendicularly head fore most in a line with tbe dark object, and after a few moments of breathless suspense experienced by those on board, the drowning man and hiß gallant preserver appeared on the surface of the water. Diggins had aimed for the hair of the man whom he had so nobly succeeded in saving, but only caught the hat which had remained on Shepherd's head; luokily the hat was secured to a button-hole of the coat, and by this means the tiody rose to the surface, on attaining which the slender thread snapped ; but Diggins' pow erful arm was ready, and in an instant thrown around the now inanimate object, which it sup ported until the arrival of a boat which had been launched from the Tommy sohooner, and both men being dragged aboard were quickly conveyed to the steamer. A iimj girl at Hotspur, Coleraine, Victoria, was recently burnt to death through a kerosine accident; a lighted match had been inconai- I derately held over the fluid, 