reek ending Feb'uary 4. A new ship, the City of Auckland, has been burned at Auckland: she was partially laden for London. The Ipsewiob committee of the Blackall testimonial fund, in pursuance of a resolution passed at their first meeting, have sent out about seventy subscription lists for tihe use of collectors, including most of the business places in town, and the station- owners and principal farmers in West Morelon. When the money has been collected a meeting will be convened for the purpose of allowing the subscribers to determine in what way they wish their subscriptions to be applied. A proclamation in Saturday's Goveroment Qazette notifies the further prorogation of Parlialment from Tuesday the 14th of Februnry to Tuesday the 21st of March. There is nothing said about sgeeting then "for dipatchl of business," so that we may presume there will be a further prorogation, say till the first or seoond week in April. The Peak Downs Copper-mining Company ihas " dlared a dividend of 10 per coot; A report reached town on Saturday morning that a ferm-labouror named Martin Egon had been drowned in the river, at Oxley, on Friday evening. The cir cumstances are reported as follows:-Egan was in the employ of Mr. Charles Lane, a farmer residing at Oiley, and was working on Friday afternoon with Mr. Lane and another man named Callaghan in one of the paddocks. He complained several times of the day being very lihot, and was advised by MIr. Lane to go to tihe hut and cool himself, which he did, and re turned again to his work. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon tie left his work, and proceeded in tlho direc tion of the Ihouse, and as hii employer thought that he had some reason for going, lhe did not question him. Shortly afterwards, a little boy, a son of Mr. Lane's, came and asked his father if he had sent Egan to the banana- grove, as he had seon Ilim going there; Mr. Lane replied " No," and about ten minutes afterwards went up to the house and asked his wife if she knew what liad brought Egan to the bananas P Mrs. Lane replied that it had struck her when she had seen him going there that he was about to drown himself. Mr. Lane tien went to the bananas, and traced Egau'e foot steps half-way into thie grove, but there lost them. He then went and got Callaghan, and they both succeeded in tracing thie steps to the edge of the river. It was then about half-tide, and the search was given up for the time. About 9 o'clock, when the tide went out, Mr. Lane, in company with Oallaghan and a boy named Michael Jarrott, suoceeded in tracing the footsteps-far into the mud of the river. Callaghan states that he met Egan when he was proceeding in the .direction of Mr. Lane's house, and asked him how he was getting along, and Egan replied that it was too hot to live. It is supposed that in a fit of temporary insanity, most likely induced by the intense heat, the unfortunate man throw him self into the river. (The body lnas since been reco vered.) The following is from a Brisbane paper:-We have several times called attention to Mr. Fuller's mission to the aborigines of Fraser's Island. Mr. Fuller has for some years past been a devoted bush missionary, and was induced, by the promise of assistance from various religious bodies, to consider the advisability of establishing a mission to the abori gines at Fraser'e Island. Afterwards, finding that the promised assistance was not forthcoming, he still started in the work, and has been labouring on the island alone, and for the lnst part of the time in a deplorably destitute condition. So far as we can ascertain, he has not received help from any religious denomination with the exception of one-the poorest in denomination in Queensland-namely, the Primitive Methodists. Collections are in course of being made at the various Primitive Methodists Chapels in this district in aid of Mr. Fuller's mission, and a small sum has already been forwarded to him. One of the moast interesting and most promptly paid contribu tions to this fund was £1 10s. subscribed by a number of South Sea Islanders in the neighbourhood of Brisbane, who hearing of Mr. Fuller's mission and his neces sities, at once waited upon the Rev. J. Buckle, of Adelaide-street, with the money. Our Cleveland Bay contemporary supplies the following:-Some very good sport was experienced on Wednesday afternoon by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Mr. Thistlothwayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghan's cottage overlooking the creek, saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank. Mr. Thistlethwayte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt and were joined by a fisherman. They managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without dis turbing him, and the fisherman armed with a shot gun, and Mr. Thistletbwayte with a rifle, both fired ; the latter hit him just behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three spottsmen rushed at, and seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and a most exciting struggle took place. The saurian made savage but ineffective attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about tihe head with sticks until be gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, and it was found. that he measured nearly nine feet in length. His outside armour was covered with sears and scratches, as if he had suffered in various combats with his scaly brethren. It was not, there fore, thought worth preserving. The skull is kept by Mr. Thistlethwayte as a trophy of his prowess. The body was boiled down by the fisherman, but yielded little more than a pannikin full of oil. The Gympie paper of the 25th January has the following:-We inspected at the Joint Stock Bank yesterday a lot of splendid "specimens" (if blocks' of quartz, some of them about a foot square, sown and seamed with gold may be so styled) from the claim No. 1 north, New Zealand Beef. The appear ance of these fine lumps will be familiar to those who saw a display of stone from the same claim a short time since in the bank window. We believe that about fifteen buckets of this rich quartz was raised on Saturday last, and more is rapidly following. We are, therefore, not running a great risk of error wihen we anticipate a tremendous "crushing" from No. 1 north before long-say 8000ozs.-During the past few days the prospectors of the Smithfield have been raising magnifioent golden stone from the 110 feet level. It is very like the specimens from the New Zealand, above described, and quite equal to it in richness. Most of the quartz is in large "blocks, the reef being thick. There is plenty of gold in it, and a competent judge has informed us that the next crushing from the pros pectors', taking present appearances as a criterion, ought to yield about nine ounces to the ton. At a late hour on Saturday night, eays a Toowoomba papbr, information was received by the police of an abo riginal fight,which took place near Mr. Pentecost's hotel on the Highfields road. It appears a party of abori ginals had been paying a visit to the township, when, as usual, they were supplied with an almost unlimited supply of brandy and rum. They were driven out of the town about two p.m., and the fight took place shortly after sunset. The disturbance was heard by Mr. Pentecost and his neighbours, but they did not attempt to interfere, as the whole party appeared to be in arms. It was noticed, however, that two of them were lying on the ground and cutting each other with knives. After a time the disturbance subsided, and it was then discovered that one of the combatants had been left dead on the ground, the other having been, in all probability, carried away by his friends., An inquest was held on the body at Mr. Pentecost's hotel on Sunday morning, when it was stated by Dr. Roberts that the right arm of the unfortunate fellow had been out through to the bone, and that Ihe had received another severe stab in the right shoulder. The main arteries of the arm were divided, and death ensued from loss of blood. Thfe annual general meeting of No. 2 Company "'B. w- i5.a n,t the drill-room on Tuesday evenig east. There was a ratnn pw~s attendance; Captain Hodgson occupied the chair. 'me .o.e. ment of accounts and balance-sheet having been read, were, after some discussion, unanimously adopted. The latter showed a balance of assets over liabilities of about £35 10s. A great deal of dissatisfaction was expressed at the apathy displayed by tile Government with regard to the volunteer movement, and a hope was expressed that something would be done during the coming session of Parliament, as fully one-half of the members-whonownumberfifty-two-are withoutuni forms and accoutrements. The meeting then proceoded to the election of a committee of management for the ensuing year, with tihe following result :--Captain Hodgeon, Lieutenants Blunt and Hutchison, Sergeants M'Intoslh, Stophenson, Ford, and Sparkes, Corporals Fullerton and Davis, and Privates Sullivan, Cardew, and Peters. The meeting then adjourned.-At a committee meeting held immediately afterwards Lieutenant Blunt in the chair-Sergeant Stephenson and Lieutenant Blunt were re-elected secretary and treasurer, and a vote of thanks having been passed to th"em for their serrices during the past year, the meeting adjourned, after paying the usual compliment to tine chairman. Tlhe cash receipts on tlhe Southern and Western Railway for the week ending January 21 were as fol lows :-Paseoiigere, £357 15s. 6d.; parcels, £15 16s. Sd. i miscellaneous, £11 13s. 7d.; goods, £1553 14s. Pd.; total, £1939 Os. Sd. At the Police Court on Tuesday morning, says a Toowoomba paper, an elderly woman named Mary Williams appeared in tihe dock on a charge of drunkenness. The old lady urged as an Creuse for Iher weakness that shie had been " overcome" with a bottle of porter presented to lher by Ihis Honor tire Judge. Thie presiding magistrate appeared at first to be astonished with tihe "sublimity of tlne woman's impudence," but on second consideration demanded in tine most severo terms, " What is that, madam P" A constable present in Court, wishing to put matters on whallt he presumed to be a right footing, immediately explainod as follows: " She saye she was drinking with tlc Judge, yoor Worship." "to tlhat case," added tlhe Police Magistrate, " we must iot be too severe," and tise old lady was discharged from custody with a caution. Tuhe Boman Catholics in Victoria have commnenced taking action against the Parliamentary candidates who have declared themselves in favour of the Go vernmcnt Education Bill. A telegram from Adelaide states:--Very flue samples of Queonsland sugar have been received, and valued at £41 to £42 per ton. Thle Harriet King arrived in MoretLon Bay on Sunday, after a most successful cruise in the Southl Seas of 55 days, having sailed fIrom Brisbane on Dec. 5\. She left on that date withll 122 return Polynesians, who were landed at various islands of thebo New Hobrides. On tile outward trip she touched at Tanna and South-west Bay, and North.west and Heavanash hlarbors, in the Island of Sandwich. From there she went to Hakura, Mii or Three Hills, and Ambrym. In returning she called at Pyma, Apii, Muii, Tonga, Mau, thie north-west harbor of Bandwich, Tanna, and Mare. From thle nlast-named place she stood over to Lifu, but bad weather coming on she bore up for Brisbane. She left the Spunkie at Tanna, with about 60 men. The islanders from hero, we are informed, were all well pleased with their stay in the colony, and their treatment on the voyage. They were landed in good health, and two men who were ill with diarrhea at tlhe time of their cmbarkation quite re covered before leaving the vessel. Considering the short time the vessel has been absent, the recruiting has been tolerably succesaful, as she brings back 61 Polynesian laborers. They are, with the exception of some half-dozen boys and lade, strong able-bodied men, and seem well adapted for plantation work. Of them 6 are from Ambrym, 6 from Pyma, 87 from Apii, and 12 from Marc. A dreadful accident has occurred at the pros pectors' claim, Warren Hastings reeoof, Gympie. Two men were tamping a shot when it exploded in their faces. One of them was dangerously injured, and both are thought to be hopelessly blinded. The escort arrived at Townsville from Rsovenswood on Monday, with 4200oze. of gold. The Australasian Steam Navigation Company have declared a dividend of 9 per cent. The Victoria Government have sent to England by the mail for an efficient artillery officer. The intercolonial commission have made a progress report, advising a high court of appeal for all the colonies. The quartz-miners of Raveonswood appear to have had extraordinary success in their operations. The local journal of the 7th January gives the results of seventy-five crushings at four machlines from the 27th April to the 80th December last. The quantity of stone that passed through the mills was 8266 tons 7 crwtis., and thle yield of gold, 8817ers. 15dwts. 8grs.- the average being very nearly 2ozBes. 14dwts. to the ton. The worst crushing nt Ravenswood was a small lot of 20 tons, and it produced 9ozs. 6dwts., being about thie arverago return of the quartz reefs of Victoria. The riohest reefs in all of the Australasian colonies have hitherto been those at the Thames in New Zealand, and the average yield there was itoze. to the ton. Of course the proportion of gold to stenone is no criterion by which to judge the value of a reef. If the tein of quartz is narrow and runs through hard rock, the ex pense of working is so great that the quartz must be very auriferous to be payable. Under more favourable circumstanes, however, a very small proportion of precious metal diffused through the atone will remane rate the miner. lately, we read in a Ballarat paper ofa reef which yielded uniformly 8dwts. to the ton, and the original proprietors could not make it pay. Howerer, they obtained the best machinery, and began to work the mineon the "tribute" or contract system. The consequence is that theBdwts. to the tou hasbeen quite sufleient a return to give the tributors good wages, and afford the company to whom the mine belongs comfortable dividends. The good prospects of tavenswood quartz-mining have brought two additional quartz- crushing machines on the ground sinee the commencement of the present month, mak ing a total of six-more than have over before been in one place in Queensland. This fact proves that ex perienced mining capitalists entertain a high opinion of the wealth and permanence of the quartc reefs of Bavenswood. 