jirftittflisifrmgfirtbmwguutb. -FBOIT or®--OWN-LUNATIC.—The view, that struck our artist's eye is in custody for the assault. A builder lately tried to repair a staircase with a flight of fancy, but it proved a failure. The man who paved the way to a reconciliation, and afterwards cemented a friendship, is open to an engagement as .#a0-lieu tenant on board the .Cerberus. SENSIBLE.—Says a London paper—"It is suggested that on our new gold coins die portrait of the Queen should be as Her Majesty now appears, ~ and not what she was when eighteen years' old." Colonel Warde, there's a hint , tor you. Let the first sovereign of Victoria show what Victoria the Sovereign really is. Let MSBtand the hazard of the die. NOT UNLIKELY.—The man who bought a piece of land at Footscrav, finding it rocky, has complained of his hard lot. The man who was putting his handB into, his pockets all day has complained that his cufls are wearing out. The gentleman who fastened his eyes upon a young lady has lost his sight • • WANTED.—A curtain for the Parliamentary recess. A portrait of the miscreant who hangs' bell(e)s. The^xact weight of a light-house. Pencils for drawingteeth painlessly. Tbe title-page of your bad .books. ^ A man befpre the mast writes to say that irr coibihff opt with the. Cerberus they encountered plenty of Juwdshtps, but the vessel itself was about the hardest of all the ships as ever he see; A "SIGNAL" FAHTJBE.—Trying to hoist a flagstone. . " , CONS. _ What kind of boots laugh most'-Those with elastic sides. What is osed .in .measuring the interior?—The bush-ell. What weather best suits Magistrates?-"-Fine" What is the difference between a Greenlander and a schoolboy ?—One likes great whales and the other don't . • . Where is the best'place to go for cons.?— Biddell's Creek, of course. , Why are a skipper's whiskers like sea-songs Because they are both nautical (h)airs. What action at law would a beefsteak have if cooked with a Yorkshire pudding ?—Assault (a scut) and&atter-y.; ... ... . . . Why is an infantry soldier, like a baby?r- Because he keeps to the breastworks, and almots; is ready for a call to arms. If you lose your ink-bottle, why would a Coroner be the likeliest person to find it?—Because he is used to inJo-qtiests. What is the difference between a sound argument and a heavy blow?—You see the force of one, and feel the force of the other. Why is an infant like an -astronomer?—Because it's always studying the milky-way. Why is a wild duck generally purchased on credit?—Because its bill is Bent home with it. Why is the business of a coffees tall-keeper mostly dull?—Because it is always at a stand. What is the difference between matrimony and horses in double harness?—One requires one bridal only, and the other requires two. NOTES TO COBBESPONDENTS. MARKET GARDENER.—The -seeds from the sixpenny seed-cake will not grow, but the cake itself will grow—stale. The pips of the pipkin will shoot, if provided with ammunition. The leaves of the aining-table are not cooked with spinach. The roots of the hair never require transplanting. Cuttings from a newspaper rarely strike root in a garden, and-a railway cutting from the contractor's plant will not thrive in a pot. Young Buckets can be purchased from pig-feeders. HOUSEWIFE.—If you are out of fat, take your umbrella, provided it is dripping. To dye game is accomplished- by staining the game any colour yon choose. Cold meat can be warmed by subjecting it to the heat of your husband's temper, after which, tell the man to regale himself on the (hteshes of hi8 pipe. . . BLOCK ADA.—All young ladies are artists more or less. You can scarcely meet a single (or married) girl on the " block who does not paint In our young days the girls only used a camel's hair brush, but now they lay it on with a troweL They are plasterers,, as well as painters. t G. B N.—We never saw a book done up in Alexandra limp cloth. EIFLEMAN.—The "Putts" are full of sherry, of course—go and take a drink. They are not far from the " port" of Sandridge. SEX.—The word "bar" sho aid be written "baa." The term originates in the fact of so much sheepsskin being used in law proceedings, and clientsbeing invariably fleeced. FACTS AND QUERIES. Surely Chang need not visit London when there is a Tallerman already established there. We saw an advertisement in the Age of 15th April:—"Wanted, experienced boots." Good heavens! What next? Highly intelligent goloshes, or Wellingtons, possessing every accomplishment, we suppose. If you have a row with your mother, and she is very dogged, would not the part cular dog be a mastiff (ma's tifi}? You had better take things co(o)llie. FISHY.—The plasterer's fish—whiting. The spiritual fish—sole. The optical fish—ray. The painter's fish—dab. The staggering fish—flounder. The fish a young lady should never eat—makeher-ill. The fish to make a hash of—mull-it. The publican's fiBh—bar-belle. The Koad Board's fishpike. The burnt fish—char. The lawyer's fishcarp. The brewer's fish—tunny. WANTED.—A carver and gilder to frame, an excuse. BiuBhes for polishing off the larrikuiB. Three of the front teeth of biting sarcasm. A wheel for putting the shoulder against Stones for stepping on to promotion, A crane for raising a blister. KNOTTY POINTS.—Those of the cat-o'-nine tails. HORRIBLE.—Why is jumping like a man proud of his learning?—It is ped-antic. IDEAS FOB NATURALISTS.—The king of the forest is best attacked when bum down. The spring of the tiger is not enjoyable whether (or no). The embrace of the bear iB hugly in the extreme. The animal least liked in a prison iB the cat The rat is a political animal, and is often trapped in the Bouse. The weasel pope—whether the question or hip watch 1B not mown, but the latter iB most likely, being a watchful animal. The kite is not an (h)awkward bird. ltis< i dangerous to spot a leopard. WATERPROOF COMPOSITION. —Says the Eastern Budget:—"Dr. Scherzer, an Austrian cffic&l; at Pekin, has just sent to his Government some specimens of a Chinese composition called 'Schioicao,' which has the property of making wood and other substances perfectly watertight He says that he has seen in Pekin wooden chests which had been to St Petersburg and had come back uninjured, and that the Chinese use the composition also for covering straw baskets, which are afterwards employed in carrying oil for long distances. Cardboard when covered with the composition becomes as hard as wood; and most wooden buildings in Pekin have a coating of it. Ic consists of three parts of blood-deprived of its fibrine, four of lime, anda little alum." - PREVENTION OF SMOKE.-—Hie invention of Messrs. Idle & Naylor, of Dewsbury, consists in an iron floe fixed to tne end of a boiler in the form of a rectangular parallelogram ten or eleven inches wide, and about two feet six inches in depth, which will vary according to the size of the boiler. This flue is furnished with six dampers and two hinged doors, chains, rods, and pulleys, with which it is worked, and as shown on drawings. Supposing the left-hand door be opened for fuel, and being closed again the damper opens at the same time, and receives the newly-made smoke after it has passed northward up the flue of the boiler; it then passes along the end of the flue westward, thence up the southward side to a damper; it then enters the iron tube or flue at the west end, and passes through another damper into the highly-heated fire, where it is consumed.—Mining Journal. Bad men are never completely happy although possessed of everything that this woud can bestow; and good men are never completely miserable, although deprived of everything the world can take away. An orator in the Irish House of Commons was describing the inordinate love of praise which characterised an oppwent. "The honourable member," said he, "is so fond of being praised, that I really believe he would be content to give up the ghost, if it were but to look up and readthe stonecutter's puff on his grave." A TALKING MACHINE.—-Recently an xhibition of quite a novel character has een opened at the new building bailed tbe alais Royal, Argyle-street, Oxford-circus. It B an i exhibition of a talking machine, which by echanical appliances is made to give forth tterances resembling those of a human being. t is tbe invention of Professor Faber, of Vienna, • nd has been constructed and patented by him,' nd iB certainly a wonderful specimen of human ngenuity. It is true the question may arise, here is the utility of it? seeing that every man, oman, and child possesses a talking machine, ore >or less perfect, of his or her own. But the achine has its utility nevertheless, for it illusrates: a much-neglected science of acoustics. oreover, it is highly interesting, as showing how ar ingenuity may go. The machine has a mouth, ith tongue and lips, which are set in motion fey a echanical apparatus which sets free a portion of ir from a luge bellows, and so controls it as to roduce the Bound required. It pronounced, with reat clearness, every letter of the alphabet, many ords, ma a fewsentences perfectly; not merely et words, but any words tne audience chose to ^ ame. It also laughed, and uttered other cries xpressive of. human passions, to the astonishent apparently, of every one who heard it 