MR ANTHONY TROLLOPE has made a gal lant defence for his order, and Hs proposi tion, that modern fiction is a rational amusement, will have been considered proved by at least a two-thirds majority of his numerous lady listeners. . "Whether it is quite fair to cod jure up the ghosts of de parted giants like Scott, Thackeray, and Pickens, and dwell so lovingly upon their manly and humanising teachings, may be a moot point. But, judging from a necessarily imperfect report e£ the lecture delivered in aid of the Caxton Memorial Fund, we are ' inclined to think Mr Trollope somewhat neglected the living to pay : devotion to the mighty dead, and thus in a measure lost sight of the thread of his discourse. The great shades invoked have long been Held in veneration by the worldly-minded, "in esteem by ministers of all denominations ; and their works are universally acknow ledged to be the faithful exponents of all that is good and generous and noble in our common nature. He would indeed be a sour Cameronian who ventured to deny that the purest teachings in the most attractive garb were to be found scattered broadcast through the pages of those past masters of fiction ; who would dare dispute the great moral effect produced on young and old alike by the thoughts that breathe and words that burn, which shine out in their immortal writings. Why, there is scarce a language into which their grand pictures of life and manners have not been translated ; not a civilised people that has not risen elevated and nnrifipd from their perusal. It needed not Mr Trollope, delightful gossipper though be be, to come all the way from the antipodes to indoctrinate us with admiration for such -imperishable works. Household words are tbey every one amongst us alike in cottage find in Hisnmon ; nor can we perl?e that any juMsfewmi light was thrown upoofe£b$ir L manyjdHai exoalLmceaby tbe aiMguEehfiL Blectwiw ' Etcd %taM4ue 'magnfiF umbra. It « Jritb a feeling tbenrfdregSa to disappamtomBt that we lay downjliwimiv tailed repfRt of Mr Trollope's lecture — curtailed by. tbe special command of the author, who no doubt proposes to make money by tbe fall manuscript On bis return to England. Here we may parenthetically remark that it would have been more gracious of Mr Trollope had he been whole-hearted in his gift, and allowed hia lecture to be republished in pamphlet form for tbe benefit of the fond in behalf of which it was delivered. Bnt, as half a loaf is better than no bread, the Caxton Memo rial Committee mnst be duly tbankfnl for small mercies. Let us hope the' Engliah publisher honored with the reproduction of the discourse may .derive morp benefit from it than those" outride the ohsimed eircLe of the actual audience are likely to gain. We are disappointed with ibe -lecture, on account of its one-ridedness. The influence for good of the higher novelists is dwelt upon j that for evil pf the Braddon, bifida, Guy Livingstone, Paul de Hock; and Georges Sand types ' bring almost entirely ignored, and we venture to say that for one young person who haB read through " Romola" and mastered " John " "FTalifax, Gentleman," there are fifty who have devoured " Lady Audley'e Secret," " Griffith Gaunt," " No Name," and " Broken to Harness," to say nothing of the smaller fry, lying "thick as leaves in Vallom- " brosa" on the circulating library tables wherever light English literature is popular. And here we speak bnt of the broad stream of current modem novels, not descending to ibe turbid eewers in which roll "Skittles," " La liaison Blanche," and kindred abomina tions. Hie "penny dreadfuls," as tbe serial stories " in the " London Journal," " Reynolds' Miscellany," " Bow Bells," &c.;, have been happily designated, have also much to answer for. They teach, if nothing worse, half-educated people, to be discon tented with their lot, to neglect the sober duties of life, and to exist in an artificial and pernicious atmosphere. Discriminating' readers experience no difficulty in separat- ing tbe weeds from tbe corn, tbe chaff from the wheat ; but what an insignificant pro portion they bear to tbe myriads who would : fling down a work not staffed with illicit ' passion and murderous incidents, and whose vitiated appetite grows by what it feeds upon. There is not a milliner's apprentice, nor a Common School boy eligible to com pete for the new scholarships, that is not deeply interested in the arrival of each mail, not because it brings them 'sound wholesome mental food, but because their craving for more dramj be momentarily gratified by its punctual appearance. Startling revelations -would be made by the publication of booksellers' and newBvendore' retains of tbe number of "journals" sold each month. One lives in hopes that hy the gradual spread ofa higher education, the flimsy (bough hurtful trash which forms tbe pabulum of so many young readers will ultimately become as nauseous to tbe imbibers as raisins to tbe pampered groom's assistant, or lollies to the confec tioner's apprentice." But this is almost hoping against hope, so long as tbe French novelette lurks .under sofa- cushion s in the boudoirs of Belgravia and Tybarnia, and vile rubbish in ihbBevolnmGB poet octavo may be found tittering every table and ottoman in the beat counby -hopses of Great Britain. The taste of the age seems1debauclied beyond present rt£ demption. Iwt for the Bemi-sporting novels,, such as those of Edmund Yates and his many lady imitators, would the " girl of the if 'period" be so brassy, so slangy, and so mannishes she is ? We trow not. In how many cases has not tie first step towards . the .Divorce .Court teen -learnt- from - the novel of the period? What homes have been broken up, what donestic happiness sacri ficed ! In common fairness, then, we think Mr-"Trolldpe should have presented' both' sides of tbe picture. If all were to read tbe goody-goody works, tbey would no "doubt make a pattern community. . But tbe fruits are tbe other way. The moist popular are those, of the most virions tendencies jlse how would Miss Braddon have risen to fame, independence, and .-the conductorship of a magazine 1 A fifth-rate actress, she ,has risen; :to eniinence by 'a brazen dis regard of tbe social proprieties in her writings. As with her, bo with others. Mr Trollope speaks -disparagingly of Field ing, - Smollett, and > (bat school.. They are too "coarse" -for modern refinement. Thackeray - whom ' the" lecturer holds in especial reverence, was at -any rate of a differentopinion. He regarded "Tom Jones" as the greatest novel in the English lan-' guage ; and thoqgh not disposed to 'go so far with tbe great modern, . observer of life and manners, we hold that there is a man- fUer vigOT,: a:more;trenchknt Ityrcaam, .and a loftier moral lesBOn .to be found in one of Fielding's TStbries,- than "in-the whole long string of aics - panpWs novels SO craftily drawn out for the last fifteen years by ttie author of "The Useless Diamonds." -The next lecture on . Modern Fiction, to make a hit, Bhould take tbe converse'df Mr flkoUope's proposition, and demonstrate the irrational distraction of nine-tenths of the novels of the period. We picked up a tract tbe other day entitled "The Age of " Murder," the subjoined extract from whioh will give the cue to the professional lec turers' colonial showman, Mr E. C. M'Cann. Tbe tract comes from Massachusetts, and should therefore commend itself to ibe aforesaid entrepreneur of learned brains. " Never," (ays the author, " was there so great a demand for worki of fiction ; and to supply this demand the tribe of novel-writers has come to be named 'legion.' Especially do all classes seek three sensational works fall of horrible deeds and licentious allusions, %hoee tendency is to destroy all love for sober reading, corrupt the morals. and loosen tiie restralnts-uf virtue. The American Publishtr-and Bodksettet nays that of 2169 new -books printed .in this country massed as fiction, -religious, law, 'biography, agricultural, histories, and educational, no lea than 756, or more than one-third, wore works' of fiction. On the psgtc 6tA vain and vidona sheet issuing from a small town in New Hampshire Vf conntover fiOO-works of this class, embracing'novels, foolish aonghooks, and productions of the worst authors, oil on sale by the publishers of that monthly paper. What the perverted %aste of tbe age demands is seen in the fact that tbe immense, public library ot Boston alms to keep on hand, for circulation and general reeding, a copy of every novel published in tbe English iangnsge, and that these are tbe books most sought for there alio in the fact that of 2197 :"bodkB called for and iuued in the Oxford Free Library, England, In tbree months, ending Aug net Slst, 1857, no las than 1401 were covela and teles, while only 171 were religions ; and again, wben it is stated that doriogjuae, 1855 of 34 books- drawn from the Mercantile Library, Sun Francisco, 311 were works of fiction, while only seven, or one hundredth part of the whole, were religious books. The Advance ot 11th Feb ruary, 1869, is responsible for the statement tbat more copies ol tbe light-literature papers ere sold io New England than the total circulation of all the religious weeklies published there. There ligtous press caters to their depraved .taste ; Sun- da v-school libraries ore as fall of pioas novels as Egypt was of frogs ; a great Tract riociety openly announces, as reading for the tiabbath st home, 'Fiction in form, in substance Facts;' eminent ministers are found writing novels for tbe 'Satanic Pi ass,' so-called Christian women spread the laxd withttheir romances and false tales, «nd staid re ligious and evangelical weeklies, which stand as representatives of morality, religtonr.and ortho doxy, not only advertiae (eo a mere matter of busi ness, ot coarse 1) Spiritualistic ehetefitiT the ' overthrow of Christianity, bnt aire glfejjjjgBtar notices of all tbe novels, light literatim, 3|pl silly books, sent to theA. not excreting, tbreeSmfSowid nj toyiebr cue in lit ucanbalolue and . worst kind. -WeVmlalm that this lrrwMlw of fiction largely Increases vice and crimuFas©- ' This is rather fall-fisviH»k-fim, bat it shows that the spirit of Solomon Eagle stiff -hovers round, tire f'stofsmmed " tanner." Can wesoofUy ssiy'thkt'what is true of America will not .apply with equal force to" England, and in" s short time to Australia! ' And yet men and women like to be taught by parables. Will it happen in our time that they shall seek a parable, and no parable sball be given unto thenl 1 The saioans axe becoming, incorrigible- To yield credence to every theory they pro pound would be to make life unendurable. The other day a fiomet was making straight for the earth, and thecdponstold us that a few months would see the end of all life on the globe, as this oomet would split theeiarth into fragments. .That comet,- however, has been obliging enough to take another course —at all events it is fair to presume bo, since fhetiateof its arrival has passed over long ago. A hew aensation has mnce arisen, and in default bt being smashed by a collision, we are now to be scorched to death by. , a belt of fire. In locking-over our exchanges, we have come across the following expla nation' of this7 new . thorny, which we com mend to the attention and amusement of our readere: — \- a belt of fire round the egliitpr, io that, for tho wmainder ot the hlsloty of tbe humre Tmce,- AusteaUa will be as unknown to JBoglsnd as if tt were removed to some' distent planet. This is the experienauto which; eocordfog to the theories of Mr Hercues Ellis, of Dublin, we are drifting. The earth ie becoming appreciably warmer, a few more degrees of heat at the equator and animal -and vegetable Hfe will perish, leaving a zone of Intense beet. This theory of the . future of the earth is advanced by Hr Ellis in prospect of tbe total eclipse of the sun In Deoember, 1871, and be begs that his conception, which he calls " tbe planetary year," may be borne in mind by all who are privileged to see the corona at the time ot the eolipiw. : -Mr Biffs speculations, as set forth ia a pamphlet jn»t issned, amount to this:— The son Is a planet moving round a centre. Tbe eon, eartb, moon— ail planets— ire passing through a change ot sea boob. :The can is now la its summer "or cremation period. It is feat melting Into heated gases, which extend to three -diameters of the still remaining eolid'portion. By and by this will all wuiuunu|«uiuiuo niii w vuuei ia we bud The great luminary propagates the fire of crema tion throughout the color system. Mercniy ap pears at .present also In - a state of cremation, daia.paseii g from red toVidte.indiomteetncreased heat. The earth, happily, is enjoying its spring — the time of vegetation and llfe; bnt preoently, be ginning at fbe tqa tor, life will be bnrnt ont, and the eoi th become a bud. Then the moon, how a region ot ice, will get vivifying rays from onr globe, and it will enjoy its season of life until tbe earth begfaiijto cooL . Bet thfe aun will again enter upon iti Htion of ipriog, and as the planetary jetn roll round, tfae . of . which we bare zecea of tbe tut of tbeee eeasone ot Ufej Are and frott, will become onoe mora si now. This tithe theory pot forward by Mr Kffia. Tbe codling pitioew,fiw«tney!msgtne,wifI 'lie vetyslow in As case of tin snn, bnt that tranaformatioo scene wo ehall. know nothing abont, for long before then the somroe HI cur-light andllfe trill -acarclftu up, find melt the earth'a crrut to . a ffgaeoepfaore." The conception of a planetary year la something to talk abont. Ho precise date 5a mentioned - when" this catastrophe ia to, occur, butMr Ellis hints fifthe recent eclipeeof the sun as"h"avihg some connection with the threataied oonfia- gratifm. i But as we -have tided over timt phenommibn -witfiont eostuning damage, it is jEair to.|ira6ume we are safe. fpr the. present Thh dea qif tire two hemispheres leronijngeeratedjty e, belt nf fire is vary pretty,' tetvin1urkily;frH MrElIishifi theory won't- Mwaaq equatim yis. j'hbpler now titan it' Ind iffirEe, following out the same train of lessoning, less heat must be there, and conse quently a smaller probability of a belt of fire arising from the circumstances which he described The great comfort derivable by the human race from the promulgation of these predictions lies in the fact that amateur philosophers and astronomers, like doctors and lawyers, diffe? in a most charm ing manner. In this matter of heat and ' cold, we have one savant telling us that the time is not far distant when the Southern Ocean will be blocked np with perpetual ice, as the earth is becoming cooler towards the equator, while Mr Ellis insists upon it , tbat by tbe " cremation" or burning pro cess the heat of the world is increasing, which simply means that the other savant is an impostor. Perhaps the Spiritists can tell us which of these prophets is the most reliable of the two. Btfil no newa of tho mail steamer, . though the branch was due at Adelaide yesterday. It would he remarkable it two of the P. and O. hosts on this line were to meet with disasters In" sacces- sinn. Tbe delay is only to be accounted for oo ' this ground, or on tbe assumption that the Bteamer now overt no was detained at Gatle by a simitar detention on the other side to sllow of duplicates of the letters by the Rrogoon to be brought oh la the paint of departure. According to the com pany's agent, the Nobis is tbe boat expected; end , if we remember rightly oho mode s swift passage when she name bere before. It ie Idle, however, to speculate on the cause of the delay. Th mail is now virtually "overdue, and this must arise from some cause, theugh what that cause is time alone csn correctly tell Noodledom returns to the oherge on tho subj-ct ot the 44th clause of tbe Mining ..Companies 8 taenia. 1871, but acknowledges that no barm would be done If the shareholders were unanimous in desiring to create extra capital without increas- ing the number of shares. This admission dis poses of the whole question, as complete uoanimity it almost unknown, more especially in mining companies. A two-thirds majority is as much ui Cin be expected at any time. Noodledom is, however, guilty of a gross piecs of dlsingenuous- ness with reference to this journal. Writing ol . the Slst aection, by which shareholders can rid themselves of liability in seven days, and which woe strongly condemned in The Courier a fort night before the slightest notice of it was taken by any contemporary, Noodl-dom remarks—'1 Bat Mr W. C. Smith and the pnzzle-heads" (exquisite CarlyleitmQ ''say it is a commendable feature' in tbe set." This is simply untrue so for as we are concerned, and soy reputable print wouldhsve been chary of recurring to Its own piagi-rism so soon after exposuts. The arguments againet the 'creation of freeh capital without increasing the number of shares ia a company were fully answered in our first leading article of yes terday- \- Tbe Buugereethire Ooundl bold Its adjourned annaal meeting yesterday. .The balinot-sheeu and annual statements were received and adopted. Tbe auditors' report, twhlch we give in ertenso to soother column) stated that the books and ac counts were correct, and were kept in a manner wh-ch did credit to the secretary (Mr. Actoo). There had been a deficiency of £15 1 7s 6lla the fees for registration of dogs io 1871, which oc curred during the severe hlness of Mr Drummond, the collector, he having obtained permission to employ an assistant collector in ths person of Mr Edward Drew ; sod that individual baring f«iled to return £17 12s 6d of his tskings The auditors were happy to learn that Mr Drummond hid settled this matter by paying the £15 17s 6d since the date olvhe present balance. They disallowed a payment of £15 made to Mr Char. Dyte, for services rendered In connection with the con verting of tbe road district into s shire, on 13th April lost. Tbey were of opinion that this dis- bnrsement was not a legal one. The report also contained several enggeatioos in reference to tho accounts, which will be acted upon by the couadL The Ministerial Banquet Committee met yester day afternoon, when it was decided to invito the . members of the Water Commission to join the "committee in receiving the Ministry on their arrival by the afternoon train on Thursday ; and Mesara R. Lewis, James Ivey, Thomas Cowan, E. -titelnteld, and E Eistwood were appointed a sob- . committee for the purpose cf entertaining the members of the Ministry prior to tbe banquet. Tbe sale of tickets is reported to be satisfactory, and a full attendance at the banquet is confidently anticipated. Yesterday's Age writes: — Most of thelfinlsters and other gentlemen Invited will be joined at Geeloag by Mr Daffy. After the banquet, a special train will be tu readiness to bring to town those gentlemen desirous of re turulog that night t bat It is anticipated that several of tho Ministers will remain until next day, the Invitation ot tbe Water' Commission to visit and inspect their reserves on Fridty having Jottr'Vtfi?-?. Weobaerre bya notiefivabava rewvM from'the secretary of tbe Water Com mittee, that the party will start from /the offices In. Albert fittest for the reserves at, half put ten. Mr O. B. Jones delivered lecture last evening ia the Alfred Hall no the subject of " Spiritism," before a tolerably large audience; Mr Henry Bell occupying the chair. The lecturer in tbe first instance gave some very lively anecdotes respect ing spiritual manifestations recorded at having taken place in England, America, and elsewhere, which, however, were sufficiently amusing without his indulging in what seems a characteristic penchant for small jokes and verbal distortions Having given some personal reminiscences of his experience of spirit rappiate, Mr Jones proceeded to favor his audience with some particulars of the origin and history of spiritualism in America, where, he stated , there are at present not less than 13 000,000 people who believe implicitly in Its teachings, and who have in a manner propagated a new religion founded upon the supposed revela tions received from departed spirits. He appeared to give Andrew Jackson Davis the credit of being tbe originator of the new evangel, though the girls Fox were the first apparently who discovered tapping as the medium of com munication with spirits. The narrative given by him of their singular experiences was detailed in a very humorous vein, but only so much of it wasi Imparted as could not fail to stamp themas imposters in the minds of those altogether unacquainted with the extraordinary facts con nected with their history. While agreeing that "there are-more things In heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our phltoiophy," and while going to the. extent of admitting that there were many msaifeitaUons produced by spiritoalists that conld not be properly or satisfactorily explained by any known physical laws, ha - thought that those who had yielded themselves up to s blind belief in inch phenomena stroma - nairr aid ia arriving at a philosophical and scientific explanation of what at present to" their minds appeared altogether supernatural, and only to he acjouated for on tho ! hypothesis of spirits of the dead being able to' hold commantaation with the living. The (Object was handled, with considerable dexterity, both sides of the picture being seemingly very fairly represented; and while the spiritist conld apt but wdmtt the truth -of many ot tho statements, the disbeliever went away believing that there' had been an overwhelming exposure ot BXiduculoui nhsm. Rather a novel case was brought before the City Police Court yeiterday. It was that of Drew v: Franklin, which waa an action to recover a penalty of £20 from tbe defendant for his haviag, being neither attorney, banister, conveyancer, . nor solicitor, received £1 Is for drawing up a bill ' of sale. The defence was that the money bad : been paid to Sn attorney in Melbourne for regis tering the bill, and a postponement waa granted Ml fiiww vt filip IWUIUS/ UUtUg JWUUIIWUt I The dispute between Councillor Tuipie, of the Buogoreeehlre, and the shire valuator and rate collector (lb Drummond), was again opened up nt tbe council meeting yesterday, when the valua tor in bis report stated that be had revisited and inspected.Conocnior Tuiple'a property, and conld < not increase the valuation he had -msdeot it. ; Councillor Turpie said he would appeal to the Court of Petty Seselons, and if he did not get.; atUfaction there would carry his appeal to the Supreme Court. At tbe doie of the meeting he gave the following notices of motion— ! Tbat tbe oeoreteiy be ft qoeoted to refund to this conn- oil the £10 that wot paid by him to the rate col lector, on ooooont of fCr Draw, tor collecting She statistics, against the resolution passed by this ooundl an imt the same, and without any autho rity. 2. That tiro rate collector be requested to refund to this council all moneys known by him to hire been received by Mr Drew tem rate payers in the district, and. which have not been paid into the treararer'a account before tbe dose of tiro year. 8. With a-view of arriving at a cor rect estimate 'of the amount of rates received by Unauthorised collectors, the rate collector beta-, trusted -to "proceed against fill unpaid rates forthwith. Tbe late affray in Ascot street wo brought before the City Police Court ' yesterday,- cod occupied in its hearing nearly two honra. The first cue wu Ryan v English, which resulted in s dismiiaal. The enul teases were then tried, and Strong evidence being adduced to show that the two "Bjrfins had" been guilty of a very brotai as sault on Mr Eagllah, (he brnoh fined each of them £5 with £8 Sa.ooata, Km default distress) find 'In default tlx weeks' imprisonment. Farther pai- Honiara will ba found elsewhere. Rk Honor Judge Rogers sat yesterday et the County Comt and dkpoied of pome casea in equity. The only Important one was that of Ross v L-gg. ia which tbe plsiatiff endeavored to secure specifio performance of on egret ment by which the Gravel Pits Company would bs de prived of their ground off Wills street. His Honor, after hearing evldenoe, dismissed the suit with coBts to two of the defendants. The case of tbe Messrs Birch sgsintt the CIuum Water Commission cropped up agria on Monday laat before Judge Pobiman in chambers iu Mel bourne, on a eammont to oettle tbe form of issue under the Lands Compensation Statute. It will he remembered tbat this case waa before arbitra tors io Ballarat io August last, and aa the nmpire's award carried coata against the Water Commis sion, that body gave notice that they were dissatis fied with the award and required tbe compensation to be settle 1 by a jury. . The form of issue waa then settled by counsel on "behalf of the Messrs Birch, and submitted to counsel for the commis sioners, who objected to it beceuse tt did not show certain crossings proposed to be made. The claimants' counsel contended that this would be improper, end neither side would give way. Ob this s summons was taken out by the cdaimaute to appear before a Judge to settle tbo issue, and after one adjournment and various technical ob jections on the part of the commissioners, and fall argument of tbe matter the Judge directed . \- the issue to stand exactly as drawn by counsellor Mesara Birch, and declined to allow the plan to show any crossing. Mr ' Webb (instructed by Meagre Rani all and Mitchell) appeared for the c almaots, and Mr Trench appeared for the Water Commission. The Ballarat East Public Library has received Lever's works — 15 volumes, illustrated — from a friend, who ' hopes the high class standard in the institution may be long continued ." Mr "M Nangh ton has presented Goiiick and 1 imba on " Paint ing, inc udiog oil, frtsco, mosaic,' water-color, &C.;" Anotuer "donor eenda Slater's " Handbook of Chemical Analysis for Practical Men," and Crooke'a and Bbhrig'a.." Practical Treatise on Metallurgy, adapted from Professor Kerl's lost \- Ocim«a eduioa." iciw X.ntnres delivered at the Musenm, Melbourne, during 1870, have been also received, for which the committee desire to return thanks. The half-yearly meeting of the Sebsstopol branch of toe fLA-OJ). Society was held at toe Sebastopol Mechanics' Institute on Monday even ing. There was a very good attendance of mem bers. The election of officers for too ensuing ix months resulted in tbe election of the follow ing members, vie.:— Bro. T. Toomey, president; Bro J. (dcannell, vice preeldeot; Bro W. F. Walsh, secretary (re- elected); Bros J. Ataswearth and J. Burns, war deal; Bra M Detahunty, guardian. Dr. Butter was re-elected medical officer, and Mr Longstaff dispenser, without opposition. The auditors reported that they had examined ths books and accounts of the branch, and found the same .correct and satisfactory. They alao compli mented the "secretary oo the efficient manner in which he had discharged hia duties. At tbe members had decided to support the Boxing Day Fete, it was resolved tint tbe newly-elected presi dent should act aa marahal for the branch at the prooesslCn to toe eporta on that day. Bros J. bcannell and P. Houlihan voluoteered to reader srhst assistance they could to the committee on that ocaaaion. The accounts for the half-year were passed fox -payment. Tiro appointments of sick visiting officers and of supporters to ths preal- deatand vice-president were allowed to stand over until next meeting night. Contributions received from m-mbere daring tbe eveatag amounted to £I4I0s81 A vote of thanks to the retiring officers terminated the business of the evening. At a late hour on Monday night, a man named George Kinealey, a miner, wae conveyed to the , Hospital Buffering from severe injuries sustained by. being assaulted by two men in the coune of a quarrel at the Consols hotel, on the Smythesdaie road. He is progressing favorably. A complimentary tea meeting and presentation of plate to the. Bsv. Gnaitier Soares, ol Holy Trinity Church, Sebastopol, took place laat night in the 8ebaitopol Town Hall. (A Bhort report -of -the proce-diogs appears in another column ) The rev. gentleman has been appointed . to St. Muy'e Church, Kangaroo Flat, Sandhurst, and will leave bebastopoi at the close of this month. Tbe Rev. Mr Watson, of All Saints Church, Bal larat, ha also received an appointment to another district. The Buogaraeshire Council yesterday granted b donation ot £40 to the Benevolent Aayinm, £20 to the Hospital, and £10 to the Orphan Asylum. An inquest on the remains of Augustas Treader the boy who was drowned in tiro dam of the Black Hill Company's claim on Monday, was held yesterday by the district coroner. The facta elicited were substantially what waa given in onr , yesterday's issue; and we find that the constable who was on the spot when wanted, and who did hia beet to restore life to the nofortuoite lad, was Constable John Brace, ol the Black Hill station, Dr Wakefield was also in attaudaaoe with Dr Batler, btw life was extinct when they arrived. _A wagroinette, belonging to Mr Bqgara. of the Brunswick Boone, came to grief yesterday after noon, through She horse which was harnessed to tt taking fHght. The animal bolted down Dana and Windermere Btreete, dashing along the foot path at terrific speed, uatli at tbe corner of Eyre street the waggonette came into collision with a letter pillar and a post, and was smashed to pieces. The bone had started on another mad gallop, when ho woe captured, and prevented doing far ther damage. The auditing of shire ficcoants appears to be a somewhat expensive process, judging by tbe " little Mile" which the Government auditor and his local coadjutor have sent iu to the Bungaree- shire Council, emouotiog in toe wbolo to about £40 for four days' work If the turns ore paid, it will not be without a protest on the part of tiro council. Tbe half yearly special general meeting of toe Ballarat Lodge, Order of St. Andrew, 8 C., was held laat evening, at their lodgeroom, Societies' Hell Granville street. Th« principal buataero was the election of officers for ths ensuing six months, which resulted as follows:— W.M., Bra D. M. Kydd; D M., Bro David BItcHle; secretary, Bro Joha Macfarlan (re-elected); assistant secre tary, Bro John- Eraser; treasurer, Bro M'Nee; B.W.'e , Bros A. J&ddle.; J. King, and J. Ballau- tyne; J.W.'s , Bros T. M'IrHtnan and T. Lyit; g. and J.Tta, Bros J.Uorrlson "and J. T. Macgowan. Broa A Bated, W. Dunn, and J. Caul were re elected trustees, and Bros M lvor and J. Moffatt auditors. A cordial vote of thanks waa passed to the retiring W.M., Bro Duncan Cameron. It was . decided to support "the Boxing Day Fete at the Botanical Gardens, find" Caledonian Society's Gathering on 'New. Year's Dty. Tho Hibernian Society came in tor a unanimous and most cordial vote of tbaqks for the- friendly manner in which they exerted themselves to make the late St. Andrew's Gathering a eucceaa. It wui resolved to write to that body in reference to ettablisbtag a friendly toctetiea'AippenBary. , - a uo BBie piwnu, ui un jauugareeauire uoonoii (Councillor A- J. Forbes), at its meeting yester day, presented a report whioh contains aomeeug- geations valuable to the shire, and which we give In foil in our report in another column. The anniversary eervicta of toe Episcopal Ctmroh at Smythesdaie have just been held. On Sunday the Venerable Archdeacon Stretch preached two impressive Bermoas, and on Monday a aohe: and public meeting were held. In teresting addresses were dellvered.and the singing of Miae Moeeley, Mr Woolcot, and others waa highly sppreci tted.' The Odd Fellows' band also enlivened the audience with their excellent musio, and the proceedings wore brought to fi oloa'e'tn toe usuil manner. . : We are requested to state that private vehicles sod horses will he admltt Boxing Day, on payment of la for horses, and 2a tor vehicles. After half -past four, cabs and omnibuses will be also admitted to ply for hire, onxhe former paying la and the tatter 2a each timethey enter. : The va'ualion of rateable property in Bnogaree- shlre has bwn completed, and amounts ta tbe aggregate to £26,762 . ' The meeting of the Ecaredale Ladies' Bazaar Committee, held .on Monday afternoon , was wall attended, and a groat variety of use ful and ornamental article were handed in. One of the most noticeable ooniributtooe was sent by .fi Chinese resident of- Browns, who forw-ffirded a beaket aids of beetlea' -wing, for. /Whiicb he paid £2 IO The TAlQO of the goods received was abont £60. and nearly £is in money waa also handed in by , toe. indefatigable lady coUecfeta. The flower show fa likely to be a greet eaccess, a moat of onr local florists intend to compete. The secretary waa Instructed to fiend letter of con dolence to Mrs D. Pender, .who bad taken an active part in .tbe former proceeding! of - the com mittee. It was decided to hold a meeting on the Thursday before New Year's Day to mike the necessary final arrangements. Ah Sam,a Chinese hawker, was brought up at the Creswick Police Court yesterday, charged with committing, on the 8th instant, an unnatural offence upon a boy thirteen and a half years of age, named Donald M'Donald, residing near the Ballarat Water Reserve, Bungaree. The case was clearly proved against the prisoner, both by the boy himself, who accepted a new wooden pipeand a pair of slippers as a present from the Chinaman at the time, and also by a witness named Kelly, who caugbt the prisoner in the actual commission of the offence. The beast was remanded until Thursday next tor the production of the boy's mother to prove his age. Bome larrikini emuaed themselves laat Satur day nleht by breaking tho windows of the new ecbool at Haddon. A reward of £1. is offered for the detection of the offenders. We have received from Mr T. F. Cbuck, photo grapher, of Melbourne, a photograph of too new organ for the Town Hstl, Melbourne. A special meeting of the Buogareeehlre Council wUl be held on the 27tb instant, for the purpoee of etrikinga.rate of Is in the £1. The balance- sheets and annual statements tor the past year will appear in The Courier on Thursday. The treasurer of the Rcirsdals District Belief Fund requests us to acknowledge the receipt of the hsndeome donation of £10 from the Hon. F. Russell, ML.C Tho secretary also begs to acknowledge the receipt of £1 from Mr John M'Intyrr, Bmythsodsle. They have a way of calling a spado spade at Bsaufort. A fancy fair la to do held to tow township on Boxing Day, and amongst the ar rangements for carrying ont too undeftaklng is the appointment of srhst is termed "the begging committee " The tatter have well earned their name, to judge by tiro euccees which has attended their operations amongst the townspeople. The Buujareeshire OonooU Intend to proceed against ail persona to the shire who have neg lected to cut toe thistles on their premises and the roods abutting thereon. : The lecture of Mr Anthony Trollops, at toe Town Hall on Monday evening, on behalf of the Caxton Commemoration Fund, wae delivered (writes the Age ) to a numerous and appreciative audience. Mr Trollope gave most happy Hlue- trations of tbe good effect which the majority of the works of fiction have upon the reading people of. the present generation, and was throughout warmly applauded After the lecture, Mr Trol lope wee entertained at sapper in the Town Hail- by tbe committee of .the Carton fund and several gentlemen connected with literature. \ The chair was occupied by Mr F. W,. HaddOb. - .The only toast of the evening, " Mr and MraTroilOpV was proposed by his Honor Uir Redmond Barry, and was responded to by toe guest of the evening in a happy speech, in which ho wished (access to too movement that had for Its obj ect the oommcoora- uoo or rauuam vaxronw sanmiw wumiui, W establish, by means of printing, sympathetic rela tions chronghont the world of literature. An Executive meeting wu held on Monday, when several matters of Importance were dealt with." The Chief Justice had leave granted him to be absent from .the colony during toe recess, circuit courts for 1872 were appointed, and toe report of the board appointed to investigate tbe charges against Mr "Warden Daly WIS considered. The report as follows waa adopted:— "Although Mr Daly bed certainly neglected his auty, toe plea of illness pnt to by him, taken to connection with other circnmstaocte, " wu sufficient to pre vent the matter being dealt wilh to ao severe a manner as it wu at first supposed it would be neceswry to adopt." The other business (adds tbe Age ) wu merely routine. A dreadful accident is reported by the Age:— A fatal mining accident occurred on Monday morning, at about eleven o'clock, in the Midas Tribute Company's claim, Moon Reef, Eaglehawk, by which one man named Andrew Gard has lost his life, and another man named Hoskens is so seriously injured that he is not expected to live. The two men were driving a crosscut, and at the time of the accident were engaged in charging a hole for a blast. It appears that the powder and fuze had been put in, and the tamping-bar which is generally used for such purposes got fastened or jammed in the hole. In endeavoring to loosen it or drive It down, it is supposed the bar struck against a piece of quartz, and set fire to the powder, which immediately exploded. Gard wis killed instantaneously, a stone having entered his head. Hoskens Is very much hurt about the face and chest. "The Geehmg Advertiser mentions the following singular condition whloh is imposed upon female, teachers of commoo schools:— "It may not be generally known, bnt is nevertheless a fact, tbat young ladiea before tbey can obtain their -certifi cates aa common school teachers mait be profi cient u 'eqaad drill instructors ' Oa Monday we had an opportunity of easing how one of these lovely candidates for the offioe of teacher 'car ried henoif as a daughter of Mara,' and we are bound to confess wo were rather surprised at tbe proficiency attained. Her word of command wu not load, but clear and distinct, and the boys obeyed her u promptly u they woald any drill instructor — even Hergeant M'tiweeuey or D. I. Cripps. tor instance. She wu indeed a veritable ' daughter of toe regiment,' and it the Board of Blncation get a few like her they Jill be able to raise a small regiment of amazons should an enemy ever pay us a visit." It seems that the Government had commenced preparations for tbe anticipated border warfare. The Rioertne Herald eays:—" Amongst onr ad vertisements will be foned one from the Victorian Government, calling for tenders for the erection of a Customs ah-d at Echoes. Tbe later con ciliatory news from 8ydey will, we hope, render thq outlay unnecessary." nlllt may human ta a nulla SyJnay ta Urn, Ibwn by tbe Sydney Morning Herald-. — " On the lsAi of last month a man named John Paul wu brought before the bench at ths Water Police Office, Sydney, charged with having in hia pot- teuton three togota of copper, supposed to bare been stolen. The cue vu postponed for a week, in order that Panl might be prepared with evi dence to show how he had obtained possesiion Of the copper, and also to enable toe police to make farther enquiries. At toe' end of tost time Paul waa again brought before the benob, and an application for a farther postponement (for a fortnight) wu mads by Ms attorney, on the ground of Paul not haviag been able to find ths person from whom the oopper had, as it wa< alleged, bem parch teed. This application wu refused, notwithstanding the fact that a six years' character was given to toe defendant by a well- known gentleman In this city, end tbat the police were unable to speak to tbe contrary, with no proof of the property having boon stolen being forthcoming Panl waa thereupon sentenced by the Water Police Magistrate 4a be imprisoned to Dsrlinghnrat gaol for a -period of two months, Paul' .wife wu torn left witb flve young children to provide for, the eldest -not being more than twelveryeariold, tiro poor woman -being weti-tigh distracted with her misfortune, and the disgrace unexpectedly ceat upon .the family. 8lnoe toe date ot her huabandfi oonviotion to within o few deys ago, Mrs Paul hu, it ii understood, bun travelling between. Sydney and Bathnrat, and hu at length encceedrfin discovering toe person from whom the copper wu pmchued by her hnsband. Upon the declarations of this person and of Mr Williams (u storekeeper of Byda) Paul was, through the petition of his wife, on the 8th instant, at Iragth released from imprisonment. : tia stated tbat Panl is a poor man, and toe hardship of the c-BB has thns pressed heavily upon hia family. . The unfortunate man hu reaeon to complain, find will, d.nbtleaa, not be inclined to speculate to the purchase ot copper ingots tat too rest of hia days." . The" "Railway Department is serving notices on tbe holder of property required for too pnrposet of the North-Eastern Railway. They will now (writes the Telegraph ) have to aend In their claims for compensation, Mr Gowderoy will act 'be valuator on behalf of the Govertimmit. There is a report current (writes the Pleasant Creek iirewe) to toe effect that the opinion of a celebrated pedestrian ac Ballarat will be asked as to whether Monk is juayly entitled to the stakes ra the 10 mile walking match, inumnch as Buckbtm wae checked twice by toe judges, tt being alleged that be walked fairly at toe time. It is said (remarks the Age") that a gentleman well known in theatrical circles u a dramatic author has lately departed for a neighboring colony, leaving a large number of valueless cheques, for which he hu nevertheless received consideration, - to .the hands ot hia oorrowina friends. " 