CATHOLICS AND THE CATHO LIC PRESS. Part I. — The Influence of the Press. ( Continued.) Ilie gravity just alluded to, would, if unsupported by something more congenial to men's tastes, go but a short distance towards captivating the minds of readers. Underneath it lies, frequently, a vein of subtle irony, singularly pleasing to those who can understand it. It flatters their vanity to discover that something which is not expressed, but which is in reality the only thing the writer means to convey, and the wit with which a friend is killed, half reconciles us to his death. If lie were butchered "with a cleaver, we should shudder, but when he is run through so gracefully with a rapier, it does not look so like murder. When wit runs short, recourse is had to " flippancy," and when there is no arguments, a " sneer" is substi tuted. In the books of philosophy various modes of arguing are enumer ated ; for instance, the reductio ad abswrdum, the argicmentum ad kominem , &c.;, but the " sneer " is omitted. It is almost a bull to call it a bad argument, for, in reality, it is no argument at all, but it must not be overlooked, because its influence is as great as its weakness and unfairness. If some thing false were openly affirmed, we should immediately understand what we had to deny, but the vagueness, the uncertainty, the . nothingness of a " sneer," leaves us undecided how to act. Like ghosts' faces in the dark, nothing can be more unreal or more terrible. Here it might be asked : " How does it follow from what has been said, that a newspaper is capable of exercising such considerable influence as has been pretended, or even any influence at all % " As a newspaper treats of most in teresting matters, in a most interesting manner, it "will evidently be read with eagerness, and though much that is in it may be wholly indifferent, never theless, it is always pervaded by a certain tone or color , which, in the long run, must communicate itself to the minds of its readers. Then, man is not only easily led but he is also easily frightened into following even against his will. It is well known how generally these pests of society, ill-tempered people, succeed in "having their own way." The majority of mankind, being too timid or too indo lent to resist, find it easier to yield always, than be always prepared to fight. The readers of a newspaper are not exempt from this timidity. Some will of course be impervious to its sneers ; but the majority will read them, and not knowing how to answer, will feel tempted to keep certain opinions in the background, though, perhaps duty may require that they should maintain them boldly. We constantly behold the most astonishing effects!., produced by the continuance or multiplication of small influences. What can lie so soft so gentle, and, apparently, so powerless as water ? The influence of a single drop upon the stone is so slight as tp seem absolutely null, and yet, when the drop has fallen hundreds , of thousands of times, we perceive that, soft and weak as it is, its continuance has made the hard stone yield. Not alone is inanimate nature sub ject to the powerful effect <5f continued action : the instinct of the brute can be trained to" do man's behests, and to do them so naturally as hardly to seem guided by an acquired talent. Thus, most domestic animals learn to render their master some service, and when a particular object induces a particular treatment, the extent to which . they can be educated almost passes belief. What can be more continuous than the action of a newspaper 1 What more universal? A preacher appeals to a number; a book to a class ; but ,a newspaper to all. How limited a num ber a preacher can address ! — those merely who happen to be present while he speaks. It is true that he treats of subjects which have for man a vital in terest — eternal happiness or eternal misery, and the roads that lead to these two eternities ; yet, however moved his - auditors may be, much of what he says is forgotten almost before he concludes, and what remains is, but too often, eventually driven out by the cares of life, by temptation, or by sin. If he would impress these truths deeply on his hearers' minds, he must have re course to continuous action. He must under one form or another, continually inculcate them. A book has sometimes an enormous circulation. Unlike a sermon, it remains, and if anything be forgotten, may be again consulted, but even a book is soon pushed aside to make room for its successor, while the newspaper — penetrating, like the fine dust, everywhere, reaching, through the agency of those who do know how to read, those even who do not — -day by day, year by year, tinges the minds of all, by an influence hardly perceptible perhaps, but continual. Whether this influence be for good or for evil, whether this " daily bread" be wholesome or not, remains to be now considered. Part II. — Whether ti-ie Influence of the Press be for Good or for Evil. The " Liberty of the Press" lies en trenched behind so much declamation, and so many and such formidable pre judices, that it is extremely difficult to approach sufficiently near to examine it. Declamation is, : in its own way, and its proper place, a very excellent thing. When you have thoroughly satisfied the mind, the understanding, by calm, clear, convincing argument, you have a full right to address your self by the most impassioned declama tion to the will, and urge it to carry out what the understanding sees should be done. But any attempt to substi tute declamation for argument, shows that there are no arguments forthcom ing, and -will be dishonest or foolish, according as the declaimer is cognizant or unaware of the substitution. In all probability, whenever there is any pub lic cry which will not stand criticism, there are at the bottom of it both dis honesty and folly. The cry was raised by shrewd persons for their own ends. Having no solid arguments, they gave the best thing they had — the appear ance ; and simple people, unable to dis tinguish between the substance and the shadow, allow themselves to be per suaded by big words, when they should insist on unanswerable demonstration — not unanswerable, because obscure, diffi cult, and puzzling, but unanswerable, because so clear as to leave no room for doubt. The Liberty of the Press ! The grand victory of Freedom over centuries of Oppression ! The Paladium of Free dom, &c.;, &c.;, etc. We are about to lay an irreverent hand on this magnifi cent declamation, to tear it down, and force ourselves into the presence of this priceless Liberty, and see what it' is and what it is not. We shall strip it of its bandages, and learn whether it be a jewel or a mummy. \ , ' a n l:; O In pursuance of this design, we shall : follow the plan to which we have ad hered from the beginning. We shall U i appeal to public facts, which there will ' 'he no gainsaying, and draw from them such easy inferences as will be obvious . to every reader. Whenever any one is strongly pre judiced in favor of any opinion, he is exposed to the danger of imagining that he already loaows what an antagonist is about to say in favor of the opposite one, and consequently, of confounding what he expected to hear with what is actually advanced. . He is likewise ex posed to the danger of looking on proofs against his favorite view rather as diffi- culties to be refuted than as arguments deserving calm consideration. It is evi dent that in a question such as the pre- sent, where there are so many and such strong prejudices, special caution is necessary that arguments be held at their full value, and that the writer be held accountable only for what he says. ; jy_Ly attention nas Deen caiiea to the remarks of some writer called "Atticus." After disposing in half a sentence of what it took me half an hour to explain, he adds : — j " But for the presence of Protestants in the chapel the preacher hinted he should have expressed his opinions still more strongly." \- My words were : — " If I were addressing Catholics only, I should speak without fear of being misappre hended ; hut as I have reason to suppose that there are present some who belong to another religion, and as I know what false and foolish charges are often made against the Catholic Church, I feel bound, in justice to myself, to ask them to attend carefully to what I shall say. Anything I do say I shall certainly not retract, but it would be manifest injustice to hold me accountable for what I do not say." This inaccuracy is, I am sure, the re sult of thoughtlessness, not design, and may be taker as an instance of that hasty writing spoken of last week. Indeed, there are signs of haste even in his style. Thus he says: — " But for the presence of Protestants the preacher hinted that — " Instead of: — " The preacher hinted that, but for the pre sence of Protestants — " And higher up : — " . the dailies . . . are not edited by Catholics, and consequently unfit for the perusal of the faithful." Instead of : — " . . . and are consequently unfit, &c;,\ In the beginning of Part I. (last week), for " Education in its fullest seruse," read " Education in its loosest sense." (To he continued.) 