The Charge of Murder ing Children. (From the Daily Xitcs, May 19.) Yesterday afternoon the girl A'jnes Norman was again placed 1 ' the dock at the Lambeth police court, on remand, charged with the murder of Jessie Jane Beer, an infant. Mr. St. John Wontner (in the absence of Mr. 'Poland) appeared to prosecute; and. Mr. Morgan Thomas again defended the prisoner. The 'first witness called waa Mrs.. Gardener, a ' married woman, living at Gros venor villas, Grosvenor txoad, Stockwell. She formerly lived at 147, Stock well Park-road. On the 21st April, 1878, prisoner entered her service. [Prisoner here haa to be seated.] Witness continued to say she had no cha racter with her. In about ten days after she remem bered Mrs. Taylor coming to spend the evening there. She brought her baby with her. It was a perfectly healthy, child. She saw Mrs. Tnylor put the chiM to bed about twenty minutes past 8 o'clock, and when she left the room it was fast asleep. At about a quarter to 11 she and Mrs. Taylor went into the room. The baby was in the same positiun as when they left it, but it was quite dead. There was another child of witness's in the same room, which had been in bed eince about 7 o'clock. Witness had another servant there, named Elizabeth Golding. ?She was now present. An inquest was afterwards held upon the child, when a verdict of 'Natural Death'' was returned. On the 18th of May- the witness went out in the evening, leaving her child, James Alexander, aged fifteen monthB, in his cot, and when she returned at 8 o'clock the child was dead. Six or eight birds, two cats, a dog, a dozen gold-fisb, and a parrot had been ! ound dead while the prisoner was in her service. When she discharged the prisoner ehe gave her a churacter for sobriety and civility. She had no suspicion of the prisoner at the time, but afterwards thought she muet have caused the death of Mrs. Taylor's child. Mrs Fanny Taylor, the mother of the child above alluded to. gave confirmatory evidence, but hod no particular reason to think the prisoner had anything to do with the death of her child. Elizabeth Golding-, tbe fellow-servant of the pri soner at Mrs. ? Gardener's, gave corroborative evi dence, adding that, in the case of all the sudden deaths, the prisoner was the first to make the disco very, with the exception of the case of. the parrot. . Mr. Edward Poeock, surgeon, of the Brixton road, said he remembered being called in to see Mrs. Taylor's baby. It was dead when he got to the house. He gave bis evidence now to the beBt of his ' belief, as it.was a year back. He refused to give a certificate. Was not summooed to attend the inquest. Bemembered also beiDg called in to see another child in the same house. It appeared as if it had just recovered from a fit when he saw it. Mr. James Dodd Swallow, surgeon, of 61, Ken nington Park-road, said: In May, 1S70, he attended Mrs. Gardener's child. It was for teething. Did not see it the day it was found insensible. He remembered the death or the child, and waB sent for. Had seen it on tho 14th of May, and it died on' the 18th. When he last siw it alive it was Buffering from teething and its effects. There was nothing to lead him to think it would die, but he thought perhaps convulsions might take pluce. Had never esen it in convulsions. He gave a certificate to the effect that , death had been caused primarily by teething, and secondly by convulsions. Mrs. Elizabeth Milner, of 19, Park-road, Gros venor-park, said that in January, 1869, prisoner entered her service, her mother saving she was about fifteea years of age Witness had four children, aged respectively eight, six, two and a-half years, and ten months. They were all in perfectly good health when prisoner came to service, Minnie, aged two and a-half years, only having been attended by a doctor twelve months before, and then for her teeth. Witness waa in the habit of going out as an envelope folder every day. In February she went out, leaving prisoner and the four children. When she returned in the- evening she found the youngest child, Thqmas, quite dead. It wa- lying 'on the bed. Witness asked prisoner if she treated the child kindly, and she said she had. There was an inquest on the child. A fortnight after wards, on tho 21th February, witness again left home. The children were left with prisoner. About half-past 7 o'clock in the evening when she returned she found Minnie, nged two and a half years, quite dead. There was no inquest upon that child. About ten days after that prisoner was left in charge of tho two Temaiein? children. Unon her return the boy Arthur was inBensible, and he remained so ! until the following day. About 6 o'clock in the | evening Arthur told her something, and in conse- j quence of what he said, witness' asked prisoner if it i was true what the boy had told her she bad done to j Minnie. Witness* asked .her if it was true what Arthur had said about Minnie being shut up in the wardrobe, and she 'maJe no answer. Wittiess then asked her if she bad done right by the children in ! herabsence, and shesaidshehad. She also asked her j if she had done anything to frighten. Arthur about a ghost, and she-made no reply. W itness afterwards discharged her, and told her she believed she could put her in prison, but had not sufficient evidence to charge her with murder._ Shis also reasoned with Tier, and asked her if she liked children, and she sa-', 'No, not much.' Witness told her she had better not take another situation whoro there were any children, and if ever shn did, to thirjt of .Tommy, Minnie, and Arthur (the names of the children'. To this prisoner made no toi ]y. Then she diechurged her. I'.y Mr. Thomas: \V»s not told that Vinnie was put in the wardrobe in play. Witn regard to j Arthur being frightened by a ;/ busl, prisoner said it j w.-s only in fini; Had no suspicion at first that j Srisoner caused the death «f the two' y.uncer chil- | ren. She now had a suspicion that she had suffo- j cuted them. Witness believed prisoner stifled them. I Her reason for Giving so was benauee tbey died so ; suddenly. | Charles Parfitt was examined, and said ho was eleven years old, and was now at .'oho *! near Wind sor. ' Mr. Brown, of 19, Temple-street, St. j G curgeVroad, was his uncle, nnd he J lived with him in Aiif;uft. last. Ho remem bered prispner, ' whom' 0' y called Helen; Upon the ni^ht prisoner had a holiday witnciB slept j in her room with his Hunt.1 lie was awakeniii in the night by feeling something hurting him. Upon , looking up he. saw Heien (me-.uing the prwner) on the btd One of her hands was o:i his mouth and the other oh his throat. He felt as if he wjis being ; strangled, and he tried ta get up. He tried to ranke a noise, but pould not. She gave hiui a sweet, -ind i told him not to cry. His aunt came up, and Helen | was then on the bed. Ho told her Helr-n bad been Irving to obo^o him, and on tiettinff into Mrs. ! Brown's bedroom he felt a Hori-niiss in his throat, and his lip v/hb swollen. I 'i - \ i i. ; :o Helen acting so to him his thriin! and lip woe all right. ' Bv Mr. T1h.'!:.j:s: i ift- 1. Muv.d with Helen. Did . not .very oft t n di.'am. I' ? I--'' lit him she did not mean to huil -him. Mr. Ellison, at ii-is - i iho caw, ordered a remand, atd tho prisoner .was removed. The liat'suvEt Viimu mentions l,hht two gentlemen . started rtccutly fiuin Mount Vittniia, with tbeiuteu- ! tion of pioceeding to Baihursi on .Foot-, They left at - 5.40 a-ui , and at -8 23 passed Rowenfels, reaching . lSjdal at h'.df-r-.'.st 10, liavieg ^travelled upwards of twenty-two miles in four hours and fifty minutes, j They n-maiurd at Jiyd 'l near h&lf-an-hour;, leaving there al:oufc 11 o'clock, and at five minutes to 3 they had arrived at tbe Fryi-ig Pan, walking the last fifteen miles in something umUr fr.ur hours. At this point of the journey une was mi far fatigued as to find it neces sarv to halt, and lie conr.rqutntly waited for Cobb and Co.'s coach, by -which he subsequently reached Bathurst. His companion, however, after another half-an- hour's rest, proceeded on his way, and cot into Bathurst at ten minutes to 8. Allowing for the time occupied in stoppages, tho distance from Mount Vit torift to Unburst (say fifty-three miles) was actually accomplished in thirteen hours, aud considering that tlio last nino miles were traveled in the dark and over a rough load, the performer may congratulate himself upon- an extraordinary feat, and one which no one but a rained athlete would care to attempt: ' ''Deal gently with the cning, ' as Materfamilias said when she saw young. Jonas devouring a Yarmouth hloather. ? . j 