GENERAL NEWS. Fteathalbyn Gas. — At the meeting of the share holders of the Provincial Gas Company held on Fri day last, the 28 h ult., the Hon. Jno. Hodgkiss stated that he was at Strathalbjn the previous evening, and at tbe house where he was stopping the gas was better than he was consuming at his busi ness place in Town. J he Mdlgundawar Jettf. — This jerry is another example of official bungling and waste of money, and instead of being a b ton to the district, after the ex penditure of stveral hundred pounds, it not Only never has been but is never likely to be used, un less a further £ii n is expended on it. The specifica tions in the first place were totally inadequate to the requirements of tbe place, and the way in which tbe tbe work bas been '* slammed' by the contractor is now exposed through the washiug off of a portion of the top coating of the metal, exposing the unbroken boulders underneath. The approach to the jetty is not high enough to be of any practical use, as, when worn a little, of which however there is not much chance, the crown wonld be below the level of the Lake. When the teams arrive at the jetty there is no room for them to turn round, so that they wou'd find themselves in a regular ' cul-de- sac,' aud the jetty itself is so ingenionsly contrived as to render it impossible for boats to remain alongside without incurring serious injary if there is any breeze blow ing. It is not necessary to do more than state the fact that during the past season the jetty has never once been used, tbe whole of the produce having either been carted to Milang or shipped in the old way from the beach. Total Abstinence — The quarterly meeting of the Strathalbyn Band of Hope was held in the Primitive Methodist chapel on Friday evening, the 28th nit The president (Kev. J. G. Wright) occupied the chair and there was a large attendance. After the meeting had been opened by singing and prayer the chairman delivered a stirring opening address, which was followed by a number of recitations, dialogues, temperance melodies, &c.;, making a very pleasaut and agreeable evening. A branch of this Hand of Hope was also formed At Woodchester the previous evening, and nearly 30 names added to the list. The Gdmeeacha Gdabdian. — The Wallaroo Times says : — A gentleman from Clare informs as that Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P., was in that township a week or so ago looking at one or two business sites which he said he wished to take for the purpose of starting another newspaper at Clare. We have not seen anything of the Gutneracha Guardian, tor the oast two or three weeks ; but as we have not observed any obituary notice of it, we were unable to say that it was defunct. Neither are we sure that it is now; but, from the fact of its editor and proprietor being on the look out for fresh fields and pastures, tbe inference may be drawn thai if it has not given op the ghost the mournful eveut may be contem plated.' The same paper in a more recent issue also says : — ' A telegram forwarded to Melbourne by the Adelaide Correspondent of 'he Age says : — ' It is repotted that Mr. Ebenezer Ward will re-establish the Gumeracha Guardian at the Burra calling it tbe Burra, Stanley, Ulooloo, and Gumeracha Guardian.' The above t legrara seems to be ex plicit on the p -iut that the Gumeracha Guardian has given up the ghost; but, the information con tained in our last issue that Ebenezer had been trying to make arrangeme,nts for starting a paper at Clare was positive. \ The Milans Meetikg. — Captain Bankine has 4 written as regarding some omissions in our report of A the meeting at Milang on the barley question, which ? he thinks are calculated to prejudice his character ? The meeting towards the close assumed such a con- % veraational character that it is not at all improbable 1 we did omit some statements which might have ' thrown some further light on the matter and in justice to Mr Bankine we are happy to give pub licity toh.s statements, althongh we have nodist tmct recollection of the exact omissions referred to Mr «& M?,/?'6 °f *' bariey Purchased by » Mr bomb, Mr. Kankine wntes :-- Mr Smith said that he had never seep tbe samples. Mr Landseer in reference to this said that he h*d sent the samples down to Inm and that, so far, he bought with bis eyes open Mr Landseer, to whom iliave^S J on this subject, authorizes me to inform you th£t tf* above is correct. Mr Smith during the evening S that I had this season delivered some barliy to Messrs feimms & Chapman that was not equal to sample and that two years ago I sold the same fiim a lot of barley also inferior to sample, and on which I had to submit to a reduction in price. I hold a letter from foimms & Chapman denying both these allegations.' Mr Bankine further says he explained at the meeting his method of taking the samples, which was not as imagined by Mr Landseer. Afttr the barley was cleaned and bagged, one of the bags was ripped open, and the sample waa taken out of the centre . He also informs ua that it is always the custom of the agents for maltsters to send the samples to their principals for appro**!, winch lie states was done in the case of his barley. W«s regret to hear that Captain Kankine has received an absurd anonymous letter on the subject of his action in this matter. Every man has a right to hold his own 4 opinion on any particular subject, and such conduct is unmanly, un-English, and contemptible. We may add that we have seen Messrs Simms and Chapman's letter, in which they fctate that they have not yet examined the bulk of Mr. Banking's barley and tberetore could not have expressed an opinion* aud with regard tw the other transaction they imagine Mr. Smith, must have alluded to some barley sold about two years since by a neighbour of Mr. Rankiue's. and paid for in his account, upon which a reduction of 6J. per bushel was made. Meetikg at Mwdixxob. — We beg to call atten ' tion to an advertisbiiient in another column which announces a meeting to be held at Middleton, on Wednesday next, the 10th inst., for the purpose of considering the reply of the Government to the de putation irom the South relative to the expenditure of money in that locality. THE LATE MRS. LANDSEER.—It is with great re- gret we announce the death of the wife of Mr A. H. Landseer, of Milang, which occurred on Saturday last the 29th ult. The deceased lady had been suffering for a considerable time, but was not taken seriously ill until Easter Monday, and at the time o her death was 41 years of age. Native Inddstkt. — A ' Local Eiddler ' has sent us three or four items for insertion from whieh we select the following conundrum ; — ' Why should Mr. Bounar when in his office never feel hungry? ? Because he nearly always has Tucker in the next room.' We need haraly add the perpetrator left hurriedly on the ensuing morning by the earlv mail. Safety of Lacepede Bat. — The following letter ' has been forwarded by Mr. James Cooke to the Ad vertiser. Our comemporary in a local says he can* not exactly see the necessiiy of it ; but the safety oi the Bay has beeu in some degree questioned, and it is only fair that every possible evidence should be brought forward that will at all conduce to an unbiassed decision on the matter : — ' Port Adelaide, April 27, 1871. '' Sir — For the information of shipmasters and others interested in shipping, I give the particulars of a passage made by the American ship David Brown, 1,000 tons register, carrying 1,400 tons dead weight. Captain Mcholls having engaged my services to take his vessel from Fort Adelaide to the above port, we went into Yankalilla and took iu some cargo. Left there iu March with a N.W. wind, barometer falling, breeze increasing, runtiing; dowu on a lee shore. With a large ship liko_ the ,~2__v- s above with topgallant-yards across, it louked any- ' thing but promising to a stranger to be running on a dead lee shore for shelter. We let go one anchor in five fathoms of water six miles to the southward of Maria Creek, and three miles from shore. Had 45 fathoms of chain out, and rode out a heavy gale of wind W.N.W., and as far as the sea was con- 4 cerned I could pull round the ship in a smail boat. I bave seen a heavier sea in the Adelaide river. We afterwards proceeded to the S.W. comer to take in tbe balanoe of the cargo. Anchored one mile from shore in four fathoms water, with no strain whatever on the chain. I have been there on several previous occasions, but never rode oat a heavy gale of wiud before. Had I known as early as 1852 that there was such safe and convenient anchorage I might have saved many a heavy gale of wind. I consider (especially when the light house on Cape Jaffa is completed and lit) that Lacepede Bay is one of the safest and easiest harbors to approach in the world, having twelve miles of anchorage within three miles of shore. Fresh water can be had --n any part of the beach at a depth of six feet. There is also a Telegiapk Station, aud provisions of all kinds can be had at reasonable prices. My object in writing the above is that all shipmasters trading here may know that there is u such a fine and safe harbor to run into for shelter, thereby saving wear and tear of their vessels, and anxiety of mind to themselves, during a heavy gale of wind. „ I am, Sir, &c;, ' John Maktdt, ' Coasting Pilot of the. ship David Brown.' Ourselves as Otheeb seis ds. — We publish below a letter written by a visitor to Strathalbyn to a friend of his at Kooringa. We must conless th--t with few exceptions it is greatly exaggerated, and consider tbe inhabitants of this town would not be exceeding their duty to the community at large were they to tar aud feather the writer, provided they were to ascertain his name. We cannot conceive whatever can induce parlies to write such deliberate falsehoods regarding this neighborhood, and bops they will meet with their deserts for doing so. lot oar part the letter has been sent ' in good faith,' and consequently we cannot do anything in tbe matter beyond publishing it for the edification of oar readers : — 'Strathalbyn, April 21, 1871 ' Dear Charley, ' I have arrived at my destination, and hasten to redeem the promise I made you when leaving Kooringa. When'I left Kooringa Mr. ? was in low spirits in consequence of his wheat crop not yielding more than 22 bushels to the acre. Tell him if he requires a change of scenery to come here and view 'he objects of misery shuffling along the streets, and I am confident he will not be so ready to grumble at his lot being cast in rough places. The wheat crops here have totally failed. Some farmers have reaped two bushels to the acre, and, others, being worse than that, let their cattle roof upon them, for they would not pay for teamngp-. Barley was more plentiful, but low in price. I «n going too fast. 1 left Adelaide by Cobb & Co.'s *buB at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and arrived here about 7 the same evening. The first thing that attracted my attention was the almost total absence of lights in the various houses and places of business. I asked the driver the canse, and he informed me in a pitiful, moarotnl strain that times were bad, and lights were a luxury that could not be thought of. Having arrived at my destination I supped on boiled barley and milk, which, by the way, was excellent, and would recommetd you to try it. After supper I felt my way to bed, and was soon in the land of Nod. I was, however, not destined to sleep undisturbed. The emaciated rats and mice had ascertained that I freely indulged in bear's grease, and were having a scuffle as to who should be the lucky possessor of my head of hair. I soon pat a stop to their contention by inserting my head in a nightcap, and snoozed until morning. On awaking I found to my extreoi* sorrow that the Yankee hat I purchased before leaving home was minus its greasy leather lining. Now I am writing about animals I may as well in form you that hay is exceedingly scarce here, and all the horses are complete skeletons ; even clothes horses are petting thin. I sallied forth in the morn ing, and the first object that attracted my attention was a large edifice, which, apon enquiry, I ascer tained to be the Presbyterian Church. lu- architec ture is very peculiar, and is well .worth the etudyof those unskilled in that .profession. I noticed with pleasure that an enterprising photographer bas copies of the building for sale, I purchased. on« Car curiosity. There is a modest Primitive Methodist Chapel here, also an Episcopal Church, which, like the congregation, is between high and low, bat slowly aspiring heavenwards. There is also * Wes leyan ChapeL The inhabitants are fearfully atten uated in their frames. I met an intelligent indi vidual and asked Mm if the people had always been bo thin. He said in a sepulchral tone — ' Look at me, aint I thin ??' I replied, ' not very,' (although at the same time I could hear his bones rattle, and moved back a pace or two for fear he should collapse). He said, ' I was once so big' (extending his arms around the space in front of him where his stomach osght to have been, to the respectable size of the middle of an hogshead). ' Now, alas ! I am gone to skin and grief, like the barber's cat, and present £Hj sorry plight yon now behold. Why, my brother is a walking ghost, and simply walks about the strteets to save the expense of being buried.' Every body I met was the same, with (lie exception of the mail-driver, and he would be as lank and lean as the rest if he did not go to Adelaide and get one good meal a day, so that new he is rather inclined tc obesity. The next thing I observed was six horses j harnessed to an empty waggon. They had three / drivers with bullock-whips, and a double-barrel gun j each. They came in that morning from the sur- j ronnding district, and had the guns to defend them selves and horses from the attacks of crows and hawks. There is a lusiu naturce here in the form of bipedal animal of the genius Felts. It is educated, keeps a general store, and thrives exceedingly well. It has also an excellent ear for music, but, singular to relate, has a great antipathy to Bodentia. There is Gosling in the neighborhood, but, strange to say, although fall grown, and has had a brood, it is never styled either a goose or gander. I went to a place of worship last Sunday. Those parents who had sufficient strength brought their children in wheel barrows. I could not listen to the sermon, but amused myself by scanning the care-worn faces around me. I then tried to calculate the ages of the trees the forms were manufactured from by the rings in the woodwork ; and, last of all, having a taste for phrenology, I examined the heads of the congre. gation in front of me, and must confess I never saw a better collection of beads than were in that chapeL * * * Babies are numerous, and although the wheat cropB have failed a lady quaintly remarked to me ' there is no red lust in the babies, they come the same as ever.' A considerate boniface has caused the posts around his house to be covered wiih old bags, &c;, to prevent the inebriates from breaking their ribs should they, in their serpentine rambles, come in contact with them. Schoolmasters are also covering their canes, in case of any pupil trying their patience, and they should so far forget themselves and beat with a force sufficient to break bones. I saw a Newfoundland dog yesterday which had three of his teeth broken by biting at a man's leg. There was no flesh, and the teeth came in contact with the bone. I most conclude, for it is nearly dark. Please remember me to all enquiring friends, and excuse these hurried and rambling re marks from 41 Yours, &c;, «* * * * *»» P.S.— Being disappointed in the place I shall be home in a day or two, unless I go to Port Victor. I hear it is ten times worse than this place. If I am not home shortly you will hear from me again, and address the next letter to Victor Harbor. Telegraphic Extension to Echuhga. — On Tues day morning the Rev. C. G. Taplin and Mr. J. tv&rla;&d; waited on the Postmaster- General, and presented a memorial from 54 residents in and around the neighbourhood of Echunga, requesting that he would take the necessary stepB to cause Echunga to be placed in telegraphic communication with the rest of the colony. In support of their petition the memorialists advanced the following reasons : — Sheep and cattle drovers, and others not resident in the district. There being no medical man resident in the township, it is a great desidera tum to be in telegraphic communication with a neigh bouring township where there is one. This would be especially beneficial to the Friendly Societies, &c.; From the large number of letters &c.;, passing through our local Post- Office, we are led to believe t'ua.1 the Telegraph Office would more than pay ex penses. Two wires already pass through the town ship. Echunga is the centre of a large agricultural population, being equidistant from Meadows, Mount Barker, Maccle&field;, and Hahndorf, is also the chief jlace of business for the neighbouring diggings of Echunga and Jupiter Greek. Echunga is tne first important township from Adelaide on the greatest line of road for traffic in the colony. Frequent en quiries are made for a Telegraph office by travellers. These may probably be utilized for the proposed local office, thereby reducing expense to a minimum. For these and other reasons your memorialists would urge the expediency of placing the inhabitants of Echnnga in the same position as that enjoyed by the residents of Macclesfield and other townships, many of which are not nearly so important as Echunga and its neighbourhood are. The de putation having supported the request of the memorial, Mr. Todd said the request for a Telegraph Office at Echunga had been made to him on several occasions. No doubt from there being two wires passing through the township, it would be easy to connect an office with one ; but they being the tnain wires connecting Melbourne and Adelaide, he could not possibly connect one with what would be a branch station, possibly in charge of a storekeeper. Although the present Postmaster was stated to be willing to take the office of Telegraph Clerk for a small salary, yet it might be objected that he was a storekeeper, and was not altogether the proper pereonfor the position. In opening a Telegraph Station he might amalgamate with it the Post Office, remove the present Postmaster, and appoint another at a higher salary in consequence. He thought of recommending the extension of a third wire to Mount Barker, and its being continued to Macclesfield, so as to make a third wire to JStrath albyjj, connecting the intermediate townships, as it would be useful on the arrival of the English mail when the two Melbourne ones are occupied for several hours in the transmission of mail news. As the matter involved expenditure, it was of couree impossible for him to give a positive answer. The matter entirely rested with the Government, and he would bring it under their notice for favourable consideration. — B?gister Veetblu. — Vertelli gave one of his popular per formances at the Masonic Hall, Stratbalbyn, on Tuesday last, and was rewarded with a very full house. The tricks on the whole were cleanly done, and were frequently applauded, the fire-swallowing being especially good. The Australian Tom Thumb also performed his 'part well, he is quite as diminu tive as represented, but has rather a juvenile appear ance. We believe Vertelli intends giving some % performances in the South, and we should strongly recommend our friends to pay him a visit. Captain Pierce's Panorama:— « The Wagga Wagga Express says :— Captain Pierce, with his well known panorama arrived in town on Monday last, and was to have given an entertainment that even ing, but the Mechanic's being engaged and the town ,. ' leing full with Assize folk he failed in obtaining a room. Last night he was greeted with a crowded and enthusiastic audience at the Mechanic's, and gMve a capital and most amusing entertainment. To-night and to-morrow night he will exhibit the panorama, and give two more entertainments, and all who desire to spend a really pleasant evening we should strongly recommend to pay him a visit.' The Victoria.— This steamer, with 80 tons of flour, 10 tons of cement and 10 tons of salt, arrived yesterday at Hay, with her barge Pocahontas in tow, from Goolwa, South Australia, on her way to Wagga Wagga. The cargo was purchased by Mr. Edmondson in Goolwa for sale in this town, but, the river having fallen very considerably within the past fortnight, aud the weather continuing dry, it has not been considered advisable for the steamer to continue her voyage, and until a farther rise takes place, she will, therefore, remain at Hay. A small portion of the cargo has been disposed at Hay, but the remainder, it is probable, will remain on board until a fresh in the river enables the steamer to resume her voyage to this town without danger. — Wagga Wagga Merest Sports at Mtlang. — On Wednesday last the township of Milang was somewhat enlivened by come rabbit and nigeon matches provided by Mr George Cohens. The scene of action was on the chore of the lake near the Jetty, and a considerable nun her of persons assembled to witness the per formances. The rabbit match was won by Mr Yates; and for the pigeon match Messrs Yates, sen. end juu.,who were ties, divided. Cbicket Match at Finniss Vale. — A cricket match between the Finniss Vale and Talisker clubs was played on the ground of the former, on Monday, May 1. The weather during the day was very favorable, consequently a large number were present to watch the game. Mr F. teak and Mr J. H. Down's acted as captain and umpire respectively for the Finniss Vale Club; and Messrs Bankine and Mussard in the same capacities for the Taliskerites. Bankine having won the toss chose to send his opponents to the stumps, who were all out in a very short time for 30 runs, G. H. Kitson being the highest scorer at 11. The Talisker men now showed themselves, hut were as unfortunate as were their opponents, they having succumbed to Leak's and Kitson's bowling for 30 runs, Cornish being the only one who obtained two figures. After an adjournment of half-an-hour the play was resumed. Messrs Martin and B. Kitson were the first to handle the willow in the second innings, and succeeded in running up a good score, Martin being out for 23, including 2 threes, 6 twos, and 5 ones. H. Leek also contributed 34, comprising 2 threes, 9 twos, and 10 ones.* Elliot was the next highest at 14 ; the last wicket falling for 105 runs. The i Talisker men in their second innings also played very well. Cornish contributed 19, including 1 six (lost ball) 3 twos, and 4 ones. Bankine also scored 12, the others retiring for smaller numbers, the eleven being out for 60 runs, thus leaving the Finniss Vale club victorious with 45 runs to spare. The bowling of Messrs R. Kitson and H. Leak was much admired, while that of Messrs Rankine and Ellery was exceedingly good. T. Hillier long stopped remarkably well. Subjoined are the scores : — Finniss Vaxe Team — First Inninos. Captain, Leak ; Umpire, Mr. Moore. Martin, l.b.w., b. Ellery ? 0 E. Kitson, b. Ellery ? 1 T. Hillier, b. Ellery ? 0 H. Leak, b. bankine ? 1 F. Leak, b. Bankine ? 0 H. Elliott, b. Bankine ? 0 J. Kitson, b. Bankine ? 6 G. H. Kitson, run out, b. Bankine ... 11 J. Leonard, played out, b. Baukine ... 3 C. Williss, not out ? 1 W. Hillier, b. EUery ? 2 ByeB, wides, &c; ? 5 Total ? 30 Tai.iekerCi.iib — First Inninos. Captain, Bankine ; Umpire, Mr. Mnssard. Doolan, run out, b. H. Leak ? 2 Tresise, b. B. Kitson ? 1 Bankine, b. B. Kitson ? 0 Ward, b. R. Kitson ? 1 Cahill, b. H. Leak ? 4 Cornish, not out ? 13 Ellery, ran out, b. B. Kitson ? 1 Clark, b. H. Leak ? 0 Atrill, b. B. Kitson ? 0 Evans, c. Martin, b. H. Leak... ... 5 Trezadda, b. H. Leak ? 0 Byes, wides, &c; ? 3 Total ? 30 Finniss Vale Cldb — Second Inkkqs. B. Kitson, C. Ellery, b. Bankine ... 11 Martin, c. Cornish, b. Ellery ? 23 H. Leak, c. Cornish, b. Bankine ... 34 F. Leak, l.b.w., b. Ellery ? 5 T. Hillier, b. Bankine ? 0 H. Elliott, not out ? 14 G. H. Kitsjn, c. Doolan, b. Bankine.. 2 C. Williss, c. C ahill, b. EUery ? 4 J. Kitson, b. Bankine ? 2 J. Leonard, b. Doolan ? 1 W. Hillier, c. Cornish, b. Doolan ... 0 Byes, wides, &o; ? 9 Total ? 105 Total first innings ? 30 Grand total ? 135 Talisker Club — Second Innings. Doolan, b. H. Leak ? 3 Tresise, std. F. Leak, b. H. Leak ... 3 Bankine, std. Williss, b. B. Kitson ... 12 Ward, c. W. Hillier, b. H. Leak ... 2 Cahill, b. H. Leak ? 6 Cornish, c. F. Leak, b. Elliott ? 16 EUery, c. H. Leak, b. Elliott ? 7 Clark, b. F. Leak ? 2 Atrill, b. F. Leak ? 7 Evans, c. W. Hillier, b. F. Leak ... 2 Trczada, not out ? O Total ? 60 Total first innings ? 30 Grand total ? % The English Mail. — The representatives of the P. and O. Company, Mr Kendall and Captain Farquhar, visited Port Victor at an early hour on Sunday morning, the 30th alt., with a view of ascer taming its suitability as a pert of call for their steamers to land the English Mail Mr. B. B. Williams, harbor-master, and Mr. R. Allen, shipping agent, accompanied the Commissioners in a boat to examine the harbor. On proceeding to the outer mooring soundings were taken in five fathoms ; on proceeding a ship's length in a north-easterly direction seven fathoms were found, which would be ample depth for the P. and O. Company's largest ships and still be sheltered from the south-westerly gales, as much as at the present outer mooring. They next proceeded to Granite Island, which com mands a splendid view of the harbor and its ap proaches. After spending about two hours in their examination they expressed themselves as being favorably impressed with the harbor ; bxxr were reticent as to its suitability as a port of call for the Mail steamer. Shortly after completing their exam ination they proceeded by special track to Strath albyn. Transfer from one Electoral District to Another. — A question having arisen as to whether an elector changing his residence from one district to another could immediately transfer his vo'e to his new district, Mr. B. B. Colley, Returning Officer for West Torrens, forwarded the following letter to the Attorney- General on the subject :— '? Under the Electoral Act of No. 18, 1869 70, I do not see any provision for the transfer of any elector for the House of Assembly from the electoral roll in any district to to any other roll in any other district. Clause 46 only empowers the transfer from any electoral roll in any division, which is in fact the roll for Legislative Council, to any other roll in any other division. The eighth schedule is in accordance with said clause. The rolls for districts and divisions are quite distinct, the former representing the House of Assembly, and the latter the Legislative Council.' To this the Attorney-General has, under date April 28, returned the following reply : — ' In reply to your later of the 25th inst, referring to certain clausesin the Electoral Act, I have the honour to inform you that it will be found by reference to the proviso to Clause 14 and Clauses 48 and 51, that it was not the intention of the Legislature to allow transfers from one electoral district to another. The provisions in Clauses 25 and 26, taken in connection with the sections already mentioned, render the meaning of the Act perfectly evident — viz., that an elector changing (his abode from one district to another may claim to vote for his new district, but shall not be entitled to do so for six months, during which time he, will be entitled to vote for Mb old district.' — Register; Sheep Inspector's Beport. — The report of the Chief Inspector of sheep for the quarter ending 31st March contains the following items : — There is no disease known to exist in the colony. 58,000 sheep have been exported into Victoria, and 52,168 im ported from New South Wales to this colony. 14,200 sheep have crossed the Murray in the Wel lington District. Nabrow Eboape from Dsowsma. — On Saturday last a little son of Mr. Thos. Tonkin, Stratbalbyn, about two years of age, fell down a tank. He was immediately discovered by his mother, who endea voured for some time unsuccessfully to get him out. Eventually a boy named Baggatt descended the tank and rescued the little fellow, who had been im mersed for a considerable time. He was quite in sensible, and although every means was persevered in it was a lonsr time before animation was restored. He has now quite recovered from the'cffec(s of his dip. Chbistchubch, Strathalbsk. — This edifice is now fast approaching completion as far as regards the in ternal arrangements. Mr Neate has completed the plastering in a very creditable manner, and the general appearance of the interior is very pleasing. We believe it is the intention to proceed at once with the flooring, so that there is a chance of the building being opened in the course of a few weeks. The English Mail. — The next mail from Europe via Galle is due at King George's Sound on May 4, and at Port Adelaide on Tuesday, May 9, The Letter H.— In the course of a trial for horse stealing, yesterday, a blacksmith, of Nangus, was questioned in the witness-box as to some peculiarity in the formation of a letter L, altered from an E, in a brand which he had made. ' It's rather a curious shape for an L isn't it?' said the learned Counsel. ' Well,' said the knight of the anvil, ?' it was a Hee but I knocked 2Zell out of it.' ' The iron got pretty hot under the operation I should think,' re joined the Counsel. Mr F. A. Thompson couldn't see the joke, though every one else was shaking wiih laughter, and his Honor Judge Hargrove, who has declared from the same seat that the misplacing of the letter H is of no moment at all, looked as grave and unconscious as a Judge only could do. — Wagga Wagga Express. Large Sunflower. — A short time since the Register mentioned a large sunflower measuring 12£ inches in diameter, but Mr. W. Noye, of Strathaloyu, has left at our office one eclipsing this, which measures 15 inches. Mr. Noye has also shown us three splendid pears of his own growing, weighing respectively 1 lb. 6 ozs., 1 lb. 8 ozs., 1 ib. 12 ozs , making a total of 4 lbs. 10 ozs. for the three. Entertainment at Woodchester. — We beg to direct attention to an advertisement in another column announcing an entertainment on Monday next in the schoolroom, Woodchester, on behalf of the building fund. We understand several gentle men from tstrathalbyn have consented to assist on the occasion. The Wellington Ferry. — The economy or rather parsimony displayed by the Government with regard to the Wellington Ferry would be positively amusing wre it not for the dangerous consequences that might ensue through the want of an outlay of a few shillings. The oars now used by the Ferryman have worn away so much through the friction as to become actually dang rous, and although repeated applications have been made, a new pair are not yet forthcoming, and so careful are the Government of the public fund, that they canuot even afford to have them bound round with leather. This seems a small tnatrer in itelf, but weie one or both to break in mid-stream whilst passengers were being taken across, a serious catastrophe would probably take place. 