NEWS OF THE WEEK. ? ? m ' - — -— At a meeting of the Directors of the National Bank held on Friday, Mr. Wilkinson was appointed Acting Manager. The Gfawler Times states that the Hon. H. B. T. Sfcrangways is to be invited to a dinner at G awler, the Mayor to take the chair. Mr. Johnson, a butcher of Gawler, a few days ago killed a sheep, which, on being dressed for sale, was found to contain three perfect kidneys. During two days last week, says the Oawler Times, upwards of 2,600 bags of wheat were taken iu at the Victoria Mill, and 2,500 bags of flour delivered. The half- yearly meeting of the Beatrice Mining Company advertised for Fiiday, Feb ruary 3, was not held, eight persons only being present, and the quorum being ten. The Baltic has been chartered, by Messrs. Bean Brothers to load bark at Yanka lilla. The K lyna is now at that poit loading bark for the same firm. The Government have received a tele gram, informing them that the Marie Eliza beth, chartered for the Northern Territory, cleared Port Phillip Heads on Thursday morn ing. On Frday, an old woman named Margery Wilcox, aged 75, living at Bowden, while walking to her daughter's residence, that adjoined her own, fell and broke her right hip. She was conveyed to the Hospital, and is now progressing favorably. The Catholic bazaar in Sb. Xavier's Hal], in aid of St. Laurence's Church, North Adelaide, was closed on Friday evening. There was a large attendajce, and with the exception of the more costly articles, the stalls were nearly cleared. The total proceeds amounted to about £159. Thomas Martin, who has been a patient in the Adelaide Hospital for seven weeks, desires us to convey his graceful thanks to Drs. Wylde «ind Logan for their attention to him while there, and also to the visitors of the Hospital for the kindness shown to him and other patients. A temperance meeting, under the auspices of the South Australian Total Absti nence League and Band of Hope Union, was beld on 'VTednesday evening, February 1st, in the Wesleyan Chapel, Steventon, when the cause was warmly advocated by the Chairman (Mr. J. Maley), and Messr3. G-. Newman, P. Le Cornu, and G. W. Cole, Sereral excellent melodies were sung during the evening. The Railway good-shed at Kapunda is blocked up with wheat, and stacks of this grain are being made outside, the rolling-stock being apparently insufficient to take away the corn nearly as fast as it is brought into the station. Tbe farmers are naturally complain ing of this, as the present rush isjiotking to w hat there will be before the season is very far ad vanced. Stawell, Victoria, is now infested with a horde of dragon-flies. The local press states that when they first put in an appearance they seemed to come in the form of large clouds. which bad. more resemblance to the swarming of gigantic hives of bees than anything else, casting a distinctly marked shadow on the ground. Every garden and paddock is swarm ing with them, but a« yet there is no appear ance of the herbage having been damaged. We have been shown a most extraordi nary oviparous monstrosity produced by a Bramahpootra hen belonging to Mr. Clement Youug, of Unley. Thi^ hisus natures is as large as a goose egg, and after two separate yolks with the accompanying white had been taken oat, there still remained a perfectly formed hen's egg of the ordinary size^ with a. hard shell, being ia fact a complete esg' within an egg. The whole before being taken to pieces weighed six ounces. This curiosity, minus the soft yolks, can be seen, at our office. The Receiver of Wrecks at Port Ade laide has received an intimation from Port MacDonnell to the effect that a spar has been picked up off the coast, beariug marks and brands to identify it with H.M.S. Pfcoabe. It has the semblance of a lower boom, about 85 ft. long, made at Devenporb Dockyard, where the above vessel was last fitted out. When picked up it was covered in barnacles, aud had evi dently been a long time afloat. To determine the disposal of this waif of the ocean the Secretary of tbe Marine Board has written to the Commodore of the station for instructions. On Friday afternoon an accident hap pened to a driver in the employ of Messrs. W. Christen & Co. The young man was engaged in unchaining the wheel of the dray, when the horse, taking fright, bolted from Boper-street into Wakefield- street, where it was brought to a standstill. In the meantime, however, the driver, being unable to avoid collision with the wheel, clang to the shaft, to which he hung until shaken off. The wheel passed over his neck, and his fane was rather severely cut. He seemed much shaken by his fall, but otherwise was apparently uninjured. It appears that sheepstealing is iu fashion in. some ef the country districts. On Monday last, according to the Kapunda paper, Mr. T. P. Scott, of Ryelands, found about 600 of his sheep huddled together, and, on further examination, discovered a wether in a creek drowned, and with its legs tied. It was eud posed the animal was about to be carried off, but the thieves, seeing some one coming, bol'ed hastily, and the sheep ia struggling to get free rolled into the water. Several lots of sheep had previously been stolen from Mr. Scott's flocks. The monthly meeting of the Pulteney street Elocution Class was held at the school room on Friday evening, February 3. There was a very large attendance, the room being crowded. In the absence of tbe President, Mr. W. Adamson occupied the chair. The enter tainment was most successful, aud was well appreciated, as was testified by the hearty ap plause and the numerous encores. The pro gramme consisted of ably-rendered recitations by Messrs. A. H. Neale, G. Gurr, F. Redman, and G. Pullman ; well given readings by Messrs. Alfred Searcy and F. Redman ; and a couple of farces, in which there was some good acting. by members of the class. The sale in connection with the North Adelaide Juvenile Missionary Society was re sumed on Friday, when again there was a Jarge gathering of friends and purchasers. There was a perceptible diminution, of tbe stock, but, nevertheless, tbe balance of goods met with ready sale. The schoolroom presented quite a busy scene in the evening, when, ia addition to the bazaar, an entertainment was givea in the clafs-rooro, which consisted of music and reci tations. Nearly all the articles were disposed of, and it is worthy of remark that this was accomplished by bona fide sales — the customary devices to expedite the sale of goods not being resorted to on this occasion. At 10 o'clock the balance of articles was submitted to sale by auction, and was speedily sold. It is expected that at least £70 or £80 will be realised. The monthly meeting of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Friday moiniDg, February 3. Presents Ron. J. Baker (Chairman), Hon. A. B. Murray, Messrs. J. Robertson, J. Knowles, P. Gaylard, E. Smith, J. Gillard, W. V. Auld, J. F. Pascoe, C. Sabine, J. Frame, J. Cohbledick, T. Hardy, A. M. Simpson. A. Gmg, W. Hackett, E. W. Pitts, E. W. Andrews, H. Alford, J. A. Holden, and C. J. Cortes (Secretavy). The SubCom mittee appointed to adjust the prize-list for the Grand Ham Show brought forward their report, and the 'President (Hon. J. Baker), Hon. A. B. Murray, and Mr. C. Sabine were appointed Committeeiuen of management for the ram show, show of entire horses, and ploaghicg match, and forms of certificates for exhibits were approved. Mr. Geo. Wyatt was appointed judge of white wine in place of Mr. i H. Noltenius, and Mr. Hall judge of spirits and beers iu place of Mr. 0. A. Horhabrook, ' and Mr. J. J. Green an additional judge of leather. Mr. W. Hi Stratford wrote, stating that_ he would be unable to exhibit any gold specimens at the February Show, as he wi u d be out of town. The Secretary said he believed that there would be a large exhibit of gold spe cimens from Mr. A. Boyle. The report of the Sub Committee appointed to revise the ixi'es and recommend to the annual general meeting was read. Mr. -Greig was appointed Coin mitteeinaji to arrange for fruits in place of Mr. J.Jlobertson, and Mr. W. P. Auld for dairy produce in place of Mr. A. Mackenzie. About a quarter before 9 o'clock on Wed nesday morning an alarm was given that the bank at the back of Mr. James Martin's new yard in High-street had caved in and buried a man beneath a quantity of earth. A great rush was made to the spot, and shortly a large crowd had collected. On proceeding to the place we found that where the hill was being cut away perpendicularly, to prepare for build ing the furnace, the height being nearly 30 feet, a quantity of earth had supped from the top to about half-way down. Some men were working on the level ground in the yard ; one was jammed against the side of the cutting, the fallen earth burying him up to the middle ; another (Ashby) unfortunately was knocked violently down and covered, especially Ills legs and the lower part of his body, with a great weight of earth, his head, however, re mained clear. A number of men soon set to work to remove the superincumbent mass, but a quarter of an hour was occupied iu doing so. Meantime fears were entertained that more of the bank Would give way, and a small piece did fall. Dr. Popham was fetched, and attended on the man as snon as he was extricated, and conveyed into his cottage close by. The poor fellow cried out with pain, and his back was very much scored and bruised. On examina tion one of his ribs seemed to be broken, and the doctor feared the lungs were pierced by it, and considered the case very serious. On en quiry this morning we we e glad to learn that he had had refreshing rest, and better hopes are entertained of his ultimate recovery. — Gawhr Times. The first meeting of the reorganised Methodist New Connexion Theological and Philosophical Society was held on Thursday evening, February 2, at the residence of the Bev. J. Maugban, in Whitmo re-square. There was a large attendance of members. After tbe election of officers and the arrangement of the future meetings, the Rev. J. Maughan delivered a brief but interesting lecture on V1- The Great and Good Men of our own Denomination,' with physiscopic illustrations. Mr. Maugban, who was assisted on the occasion by the Rev. H. Fenton and Mr. A. W. Dobbie, made use of a new optical apparatus which he had brought with nim from fcngland for the pur pose of exhibiting photographs, prints, engrav ings, flowers, and other opaque objects in a greatly enlarged form before a public audience. Photographs enlarged to life- size of the great and good men referred to having been exhibited, the lecturer proceeded to display the wonderful adaptabilities of the physiescope for the exhi bition of opaque objects by exhibiting a number of small but beautifully colored pictures, freshly cut flowers, &c;, &c;, upon the disc. The exhibition of a newly-opened oyster, and also the works of a' watch in motion upon the screen, had a marvellous effect upon the au dience. The display of a human face with the eyes twinkling and the mouth opening, was so comical in its effect as to produce roars of laughter. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and his- assistants terminated the proceeding1'. Mr. Maugban was announced to deliver a lec ture on the ' Art of Public Speaking,' with elocutionary illustrations, next Thursday evening, and it was stated that 35 members had already joined the Society. It appears by a Queensland journal that a powder flask, marked ' Leichardt '54,' has been found on the Araniac. near its junction with the Thomson. Slight trace though it be of the lost explorer, it is thought to be sufficient to render it a duty to make a fresh effort to dis cover Dr. Leichardt. Mr. Gerrard's thoroughbred imported English entire Talk o' the Hills has been brought back to Adelaide, arriving safe and sound and in fiae order ou Thursday by the Aldinga. He came in charge of Mr. Jordan, who eulogises the accommodation the horse received on the voyage. We learn that the arrangements of the Government for shunting trucks to facilitate the unloading of wheat at the Port not having proved so successful as was anticipated, they have engaged the two large carrying firms, Messrs. Biadley, Treleavan, & Co., and Hill, Mills, & Co., to do the whole of the work, aad things are now going on more satisfactorily. A letter, dated January 29, from Wil pena, states that a steady rain of about half an inch fell there last week. Large fires on the above date were burning on the Eastern and Western Plains. One fire was about 50 miles eastward, and the other 20 miles in the opposite direction from Wilpena, but it was hoped the rain would extend in those directions, and so arrest the progress of the devouring element. An accident of a serious nature oc curred at Encounter Bay on Wednesday morn ing to Mrs. Glassenbuiy, sen., an old resident in the neighborhood. It appears she had just en tered an outbuilding when the door slammed, and caused a part of the wall to fall upon her, severely injuring the lower portion of her body. Dr. Motherall was soon in attendance, but tbe sufferer, who is 64 years of ags, is in a very low state. The following paragraph from the Mel bourne Age will be read with melancholy interest by persons who remember the myste rious wreck of the ship General Grant, in which some South Australian colonists were passen gers : — ' A strange waif of the sea has recently been' purchased by Mr. Hart, of the Old Curiosity Shop, at the corner of the Arcade. It is a boat-shaped piece of wood picked up on the coast of New Zealand some months since, and it bears this inscription: — 'Ship Gen. Grant, wrkd Aukland Isles, May 14, 18— (last two figures illegible) — 10 survive on Enderbys. Dec. 1, '67. Want relief.' The authenticity of the strange little billet of wood is apparent, it being thoroughly waterworn, and presenting all the appearance of having been immersed for years. As there is thought to be a survivor of the wreck resident near Melbourne, he is requested to call and identify it, if possible.' A bazaar in aid of the funds of St. Lawrence's Cl lurch, North Adelaide, was com menced in St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Wed nesday, February 1. Tke goods principally consisted of the balance of articles remaining from the last bazaar, and embrace, in addition to a number of ornamental articles, a large assortment of fancy woik. There are also several pictures and a variety of small articles, which are most assiduously pressed on the at tention of visitors by the ladies who have under taken to sell them. A. very pretty tablecloth deserves special mention, as also a couple of neatly- worked ottomans and several firescreens. The stalls are presided over by the following ladies, each of whom appears to have a special bevy of assistant young ladies : — No. 1, Mrs. Butler; No. 2, Mrs. Delaney; No. 3, Miss Mara; No. 4, Mrs. Fitzgerald and Mrs. Mul laney ; No. 5, Miss Ellwood ; No. 6, Mrs. Claude and Miss Morris. There wa»not a very large attendance, and consequently the sales were not very brisk. Constable Dwyer, of Redesdale, re ceived information from Superintendent MeCuiloch, of Eilmore, says the Eyneton Guardian, that a mob of cattle had been stolen from Messrs. Bagot, of South Australia, and were being driven to Melbourne, the sup position being that they would pass within no great distance of Kedesdale. Constable Dwyer during the day found, near Baynton, a mob of travelling cattle, some 200 in number, the brands of which corresponded exactly with those given in Superintendent McCulloch's memorandum. The man iu charge of them produced his authority, and told a very plausible story, the substance of which was that the cattle really did belong to a Mr. Bagot, though not to the firm of that name from which they were alleged to have been stjlnrj, and that he was driving them to Melbourne for sale. Under the circumstances, Constable Dwyer did not care to accept the responsibility of making an arrest, but having sent to Kyne ton for assistance, he remained with the cattle, and followed them. A mounted constable was sent from Kyneton. and he and Dwyer followed ths cattle towards Melbourne, whilst the man ]T' in charge rode into Kyneton for the purpose, as was stated by him, of communicating by tele graph with his principal. The annual sale in connection with tue North Adelaide Auxiliary of the London Mis sionary Society opened on Thursday, 2nd February. It was beld in the North Adelaide Congregational schoolroom, and the display of articles was large and varied. A table ran down one side of the room, and a large Christ mas tree was placed in the centre, on which were displayed a large number of articles, which showed the activity and industiy which had been evinced by the ladies who had worked for tbe bazaar, and the Committee of young ladies and gentlemen con nected with the Society. The sale commenced in the afternoon, but tbe attendance was not large until the evening, when 200 or 300 people must have been present and the stock suffered considerable diminution. The following young ladies presided at the stalls : — The Misses Matthews, Kagless, A. Beaney, Hillmann, Phillips, E. Phillips, and Newman. The sales at the Christmas tree were carried on by Misses Gore, G. Kekwick, Newman, and Frost. Last year the Society realised £60, and the Com mittee are in hopes of being able to realise a similar amount from this bazaar. Result of Thursday's sale was upwards of £30. In the evening a short entertainment was held in one . of the adjoinicg class-rooms, wnen music and recitations were given by several amateurs — lao'y and gentleman. On Thursday afternoon a man named James Thompson, who was seeking employment at Mr. W. R. Hunt's labor office, King William street, favored ns with the following particulars respecting the world-renowned treasure-grounds of South Africa. He states that he has but -^ recently returned from the fields, leaving them about four months ago, after having been theie two years and four months. Attracted by tno glowing accounts published in the papers, he and eight others, left these colonies to try tbeir luck. Arrived at Natal he found tlks diamond and gold fever was spreading there rapidly. Shopkeepers were disposing of their businesses at almost iny price, and other people were endeavoring to realise en everything that could be turned into money, so that he thought there must be something in the report after alL Accordingly he and his mates started on their journey, which they found full of dangers and accompanied with many hardships. By night fires had to be kept alight to frighten off the wild beasts that were prowling about looking for a meal, and one of the party always had to be on the watch. They found the Kaffirs to be very willing to conduct them through their country, but on no occasion would the natives go beyond the boundary line of their tribe ; consequently they bad. often to wander about for some time before guides could again be obtained. The country they passed through was rich in many minerals, coal and lead being apparently the most abun dant. As the minerals were so far iu the interior, it was doubtful whether they could be payably worked, there being no direct means of communication, and the means of transit so difficult. It was also a question as to -whether the Kaffirs would allow these treasures to be taken possession of by white men unmolested. The party travelled over some 2,000 miles of country, and thoroughly tested the localities pointed out by the published accounts. Gold was the first object of search, and of this but little was obtained, and that not in payable quantities They struck numerous quartz reefs, with the sign of pin-pointed gold ia them, but could not succeed in unearthing any such finds as they anticipated. They next turned their attention to diamond-searching, but here again they were doomed to disap- ?^? pointment. Still they worked on, hoping almost against hope. Several jewels were found, but not of such fabulous value, nor in anything like the quantities that had been reported. At last they had to abandon the task and return to the colonies. Our informant tells us that on making enquiries he ascertained that ihe gold represented as having been shipped from South Africa came originally from New Zealand. He considers that the tale is made up by the Land Colonization Company of Natal, to whom one-twelfth of the land has .been granted, and whose interest it is to attract people to the pi ce, so as to dispose of their laud. He advises people not to be drawn away by reports they read, for if, on arrival in the country, they should be as unsuccessful as he was, and should they bfl unable to get away, they would not find employment of any kind. In a recent intercolonial telegram we announced the unauthorised removal of the re mains of the late Postmaster-General of New South Wales from their last resting-place. It appears that some persons took upon them selves to dig up the body, which was buried in the consecrated ground of the Catholic Ceme tery of Sydney, and inter it in unconsecrated ground. Tha following brief abstract of a de bate on the subject in the New South Wales Assembly is from the Sydney Morning Herald : — ' Mr. Buchanan moved the adjourn ment of the House, in order to bring under notice the circumstances attending the difeinter ment of the body of the late Daniel Egan. The circumstances had been brought under his no tice by a sister-in-law of the late gentlemau. That lady had informed him that a clergyman of the Church of Home had admitted tha*} he was a party to that disinterment, by saying, 'We did it.' With this information the Government ought to be able to proceed against the delinquents, and punish them for the offence. It was monstrous and unendurable, that a Boman Catholic, after haviDg received every ceremonial of tbe Church piior to hisde- ' cease, and after beinj buried with gieat display in consecrated ground, should be liable to have his body taken up and consigned to uncon secrated ground. The priest who ha4 admitted that he had done this, had declared that it had been done solely on account of certain informa tion received from two members of the House, one of whom was mentioned as being Mr. Ro bertson. Captain Onslow thought the whole priesthood ought not to be denounced, but only a few who belonged to the ultramontane party. The larger body of Uoman Catholics in the colony were as indignant at this desecration as was the hon. mover of the motion. Mr. Butler declared, upon the best authority, that not only did the high. Roman Catholic ecclesiastics ia this colony know nothing of the matter, but also that such a desecration was entirely opposed to the practice of the Church. He regarded it with great abhorrence, and that feeling was shared by the large body of his co-religiomsts. Had the authorities in the first instance refused the body burial in consecrated ground, they would have been at liberty to do so, but having been once buiied, those who removed the body com mitted an offence as well against civil as againsfr ecclesiastical law. Sir James Martin had set the police in motion the moment the matter had been brought officially under his notice, but as yst no information had been obtained sufficient t) set the law in foice. The law requiied some thing more than mere statements and surmises. Evidence was required such as would secure a conviction. At the present time this had not been procured, and on that account a rewaid bad been offered, ia the hope that that wouldin duce some parties to tell what they knew. When once evidence was obtained he would assure the House that the delinquents, whether priests or laymen, should be prosecuted. Mr. Robertson, as one of the members of Tarlia ment alluded to Mr. Buchanan, explained that all which had taken place between him and the ^ Roman Catholio clergyman referred to, had been that he had said that he had particularly sent for a priest to Mr. Egan's deathbed, in order to induce that person to marry the female with whom he was cohabiting, aud who had borne him children. Mr. Garrett, the other member refeired to, corroborate! this state ment. After some remarks from filr, &. Forster, and a reply rom Mr. Buchanaa, Tae motion was negatived, '^ Tlie vine disease, Oidium Tuckerii, is reported to Have made its appearance in Victoria. We understand that the Rev. John Davidson has consented to deliver a lecture in March next in connection with the Young Men's Societies' Union. A very severe 'ice stonn' was ex perienced in the neighborhood of Tass, New South. 'Wales, on January 12. Some of the pieces of ice measured three inches in|diameter. The Border Watch states that the new heat is now reaching Port MacDonnell in considerable quantities, and that the Jet will take the first cargo of the year to Melbourne. According to a Ballarat paper a lady in that city carries on somewhat extensively the rearing of silkworms, ghe has now, it is said, 12,000 cocoons ready for winding. The Wallaroo Tlnies mentions that a few days ago Captain Skinner, of the Moonta Mine, took from his garden an onion weighing upwards of 4 lbs, and measuring nearly 2 feet in circumference. The Adelaide Meat Preserving Com pany have commenced to preserve beef, and 50 fat beeves are to hand as a first instalment. These beasts are very fine, the smallest yet killed weighing over 800 lbs. We have tasted an excellent sample of the jam manufactured at the establishment of Mr. O, F. Herzog, Hahndorf. We understand that Mr. Herzog's jam is produced by the aid of steam. ? The annual general meeting of the Piovincial Gas Company advertised for Tuesday rnorniag was not held, in consequence of there not being a sufficient number of shareholders present. We notice that a novelty in the shape of a road traction steam-engine, with lorries, may now be seen making regular trips, con veying sleepers from Yan Yean to Essendon, for the North-Eastern Railway. We have heen favored with the follow ing extract from a letter dated Netley, January 27, respecting the state of the Darling : — ' The Princess Royal passed down to-day, and re ported that the river was rising at Bourke. Sut little fall has taken place here yet.' Recently a sportsman, whilst out on the Clarence River, in New South Wales, killed six swans and wounded four others at one shot. The event is said to have caused quite a sensa tion among the sporting portion of the com munity. During a thunderstorm in New South Wales a week pr two ago a flash of lightning struck the residence of a settler on the Fish River, killing the proprietor and his son, and knocking the wife into the fire, where she was severely burnt. We understand that the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson has consented to take charge of the subscriptions in aid of the Harradine Relief Fund in consequence of the present treasurer leaving town. The subscriptions, after de ducting a few pounds already paid to the unfor tunate man's wife, advertising, &c;, now amount to about £66. There was a German demonstration at the National Hotel, Pirie-street, on Wednesday evening. The first portion of the proceedings consisted of an open air concert, the Concordia Band discoursing excellent music. This was followed by a very successful balL The atten dance was large. The Postmaster-General, on Wednes day, promptly acceded to the wishes of the residents at the Semaphore, as expressed in a memorial presented by them, praying for a Post- Office, and promised that one should be established at an early date, in connection with the Semaphore Telegraph Station. On Monday evening, January 30, as a lad named Mark Shinners was rifling a horse at Truro he slipped off and broke his left arm at the elbow. IJr. Merton attended him, and in consequence of his advice the patient was brought to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was admitted on Tuesday morning. The Sydney Morning Herald records the death of a racehorse called Moses, at Bega, from a broken heart. It appears that the animal was engaged in a race, and while coming up the straight running, the jockey pushed him severely, and when within a length of the winning-post, he suddenly stopped, shivered greatly, and fell dead. A vigilant citizen has called our atten tention to a disgusting nuisance in the shape of a dead dog, which he states was lying for hours in King William- street daring the greater pait of Wednesday, much to the annoyance and dis comfort of those whose business took them th it ?way. Our informant states that several Corpo ration officers wete seen to pass by the carcase without seeming to bestow even a cursory notice upon it. On Wednesday evening, February 1, a woman who give her name as Mary Ann Buckley was admitted to the Hospital, suffer ing fiom a wound in her right arm, just above the wrist, which, according to her statement, was inflicted by a man named Green with some ?harp-pointed instrument. The woman was slightly intoxicate i when conveyed to the Hes Tpital, snd it is supposed that the injury was ?caused by her falling on a glass bottle. It is said to be the custom of the 'Chinese in Victoria to send home the'bones of relatives after they have been buried three ;years. The bones are cleaned, scraped,' and jpack«-.d sometimes in cases as furniture, and :8ometimes in jars, labelled ' not wanted on the ?voyage.' (n board the Annesly, by which 3i-0 ?Chinese recently left Victoria for their native ?country, it is stated that there were many mysterious looking packages. The Surveyor-General has obtained mine months' leave of absence — a privilege he lias well earned by a long period of rpost =arduousand responsiVle service. We under stand, however, that it is Mr. Goyder's inten sion to combine business with recreation, and i» visit the great drainage and irrigation works an India and America. No doubt he will, on reuch a tour of inspection, pick up a good deal ?dfaitforination that he will be able to turn to profitable account io tyjf colony. In New South Wales lately a young lady when about retiring to rest ' observed on ±he floor of her bednnin what she conceived -to be one of those articles used by many of the 4air sex for the decoration and adornment of the lair. She stooped to pick up what had attracted .her attention, but speedily discovered her un ifortunate mistake, the supposed article being a \brovra snake, coiled up, which, on being aeized, revealed its venomous nature, stinging iher right hand, between the first and second fingers.' Remedies were at once applied, and the young lady, after being ill several days, re covered. Speaking of the Narracoorfce area, a correspondent of the Mount Gambler Standard writing January 26, says :— ' Stripping and cleaning up are now occupying the time of the farmers. A few have finished, but for the most part they are about half done, and as far as I Lave seen or heard, the yield has not been so heavy as was expected, in consequence of the red rust having done more damage than was generally thought of. Where the crops were put in early they have suffered little by the rust, but the later crops are very much damaged, and some of the grain is shrunk and ehri veiled. ' ' We do not know,' writes the Gutne racha Guardian, ' ' upon what pretext the Central .Road lioaid have so long delayed repairing the -disastrous cife ts of the winter floods upon tho main line of roads through the South Rhine -district to EJen Valley. At present the road is iaimost impassable, and will be wholly so next winter, if something is not dose in the mean time. The iron-girder bridge ever the South Rhine was swept away by one of the floods some months ago, and yet nothing whatever has been done to restore the communication.' We can promise the inhabitants of the Peninsula a rare treat in the visit of Mr. Cot terell, whose entertainment is of a very high order, and has deservedly won golden opinions from all kinds of people. This talented artist will be at Wallaroo on Wednesday, and we re commend the inhabitants of the Peninsula township not to miss seeing him, as an enter tainment such aa he gives is a novelty, and one which is not likely to be equalled for many years to come. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Sa turday and the same hour on Monday, January 30, is registered as follows : — Adelaide ... 0250 Mount Barker... 0'240 Gawler ? 0'420 Strathalbyn ... 0-180 Tanunda ... 0 500 WiUunga ... 0261 Blanchetown ... 0 570 Normanville ... 0'095 Kapunda ... O'odO Port Elliot ... 0120 Auburn ? 0 750 Goolwa ? 0110 Moorta ? 0710 McGrath's Flat 0*210 Burra ? 0050 Narracoorte ... 0*030 Melrose ? 0'220 Wentworth ... 0*400 Port Augusta ... 0170 j Gumeracha ... 0 330 On Monday evening, January 30, Captain Louttit gave his entertaining lecture on Tennyson's poem, 'Enoch Arden,' illus trating it with some very excellent dissolving views. The proceeds were in aid of the funds of the Port Adelaide Free School. There was a very good audience, and the efforts of the lecturer were 'well appreciated, as 'was also Captain Angel's song of ' Man the Life Boat.' The funds of the institution will no doubt be much benefited by this timely assistance. The Rev. J. Henderson moved a vote of thanks to the entertainers, which was accorded by acclamation. ' A sample of a new antiseptic for use in preserving meat,' the Sydney Morning Herald says, 'comes from the establishment of Mr. Edwards, of Sydney. It is a patent pre serving salt, and is said to be effectual in pre venting for weeks the decomposition of animal food, and of course saving it from taint. The joints, steaks, or chops, whilst quite fresh, sprinkled with the salt will, we are informed, keep perfectly sweet and wholesome, in tropical climates, for any 'reasonable' time — that is probably until the preservative properties of the salt have gradually been, exhausted by ex posure. This, however, would give a period sufficient to make the article one of great use in large or small households.' ' We continue,' says the Albury Banner, 'to receive very unfavorable reports of the yield of the wheat crop, and this is particu larly the case as regards the harvest returns of the country between Albury and Corowa. On the BiUabong district, and between Albury and that locality, the yield is somewhat better, but is still far from satisfactory. Crops on some farms were actually not worth harvesting, aid on many others only three to six bushels per acre were obtained. In these cases rust and dirty and exhaustive farming have had to answer for the result, but we are glad to hear of many farmers who have gathered average crops. On the whole, however, we.must repeat our former statement that there will be little wheat except for local markets.' On Saturday morning an accident, which might have proved fatal, happened to a lad named Lynch in the employ of Mr. Everard, Bay-road. He was engaged in drawing up water from a well with' a ten-gallon bucket attached to a winze, and when he had nearly succeeded in raising it to the surface he noticed that something was wrong with the handle of the winze. He at once proceeded to make the necessary repairs, and, in doing so, let go his hold. The handle swung round and struck him a heavy blow on the crown of his head which stunned him and inflicted a nasty gash. He was also struck on the leg, but this injury was not very severe. Dr. Mayo was soon in attendance, and under his care the sufferer pro gressed favorably. A ghost affair is causing a sensation at Maryborough, in Victoria. A tall figure in white is reported to glide about in the orthodox way. A blackf eUow, who had evidently been much agitated about something, appeared, the Advertiser says, before the Maryborough Police jourt recently and complained of the conduct of the ghost, but the Magistrate said he could do nothing for him, and advised him to catch it. In his narration of the ghost's vagaries, the poor blackf eUow was so overcome with fear as 'ito turn quite pale,' and on finding the Court could afford him no protection, he seemed dis appointed and lost in despair. The anniversary of the natal Jday of Scotland's great poet, Robert Burns, was, the Melbourne Argus records, celebrated on the night of the 25th January at the Edinburgh Castle Hotel, Ballarat, where nearly a hundred gentlemen sat down to a table groaning under the weight of oatmeal cakes/ bannocks, singit sheeps' heads, the 'great chieftains of the pud din' race,' and bottles of usquebauh, with which were interspersed bottles of colonial wine, for the benefit of those who found the whisky too weak. A most enjoyable evening was spent, to which the skirling of the bagpipes in an adjoining room contributed in no small degree. Since the commencement of the week cereals have been coming freely into Port Adelaide. At least a thousand tons were brought dowu by railway during the 24 hours ending Tuesday evening. The following vessels are loading for London with cereals : — Warrior, Jessica, Viola, and Talisman, and the Rutland has just come into harbor, chartered by Mr. Darwent, to load for Great Britain. She will probably take 1,500 tons. The Ruby is also on the berth, and there are two or three likely vessels in harbor not yet settled with. For New Caledonia, the Contest is loading ; for Batavia, the Galilee ; for Guam, Catharina ; for Brisbane, the Essie Black (just come into harbor) will meet with dispatch, under charter to Messis. John Hart & Co. For neighboring colonies vessels are departing daily, and amongst those which will meet with dis patch are — For Sydney, A. H. Badger, St. Magnus, Waverley, Windhover, Coorong (barque), full ship, and William ; for Western Australia, Ellen Lewis. We have received the report of the Directors and the balance-sheet of the Equitable Fire Insurance Company, to be presented at the annual meeting to be held shortly. The .Direc tors congratulate the shareholders on the satis factory state of the Company s business, not withstanding the existing great competition. A net profit of £1,981 10s. 6d. is shown, en abling the Directors to recommend that a divi dend be declared of Is. 6d. per share, which, with the Is. 6d. per share paid in August last, makes the profit equal to 15 per cent. ; that the reserve fund be increased to £2,750 ; and that, with the balance from last year, £272 10s. 61, be carried forward as undivided profit. The total number of risks current on 10th January were 1.078, amounting to £439,880, and averaging £408, Is. each. The number of residents at the Sema phore has increased considerably during the past two years, and it is now in contemplation to memorialise the Postmaster-General to extend postal facilities to the telegraph station there. An alroady well-signed requisition for this pur pose is going round,' and it is intended next week to forward it to the head of the depart ment. It is pleasing to note also the success of the experiment made by the Central Board to prevent the drift sand lodging in the cuttings, and it is hoped steps will be taken to complete the covering with seaweed of the whole reserve, a course which would most effectually prevent the stoppage of traffic on the road by the ac cumulation of sand. As a further mark of improvement, some enterprising 'bus proprie tors have established a through line of vehicles to and from the city, and thus afford a. de sirable boon to seaside residents. An account of a Chinese 'christening,' which took place recently in Victoria, is given by the Ararat Advertiser : — ''Mow Fung, the happy father of the young Celestial, gave a grand dinner to all his friends upon the occa sion, and conveyances were sent to convey them from all quarters to his residence at the Mul lock Bank, there being about 200 present. The infant was produced, and the whole of its hair was shaved off its little head, -which was then adorned with a handsome Chinese cap. Bound its neck was placed a magnificent silver necklace, from which hung a gold testimonial, on which were engraved Chinese ? characters, containing wishes for the little boy's long life and happi ness. Gold bracelets, which were given as pre sents by several Mongolian friends, were placed round the infant's wrists. Several other friends presented the child with sovereigns and feilver wrapped in red paper, which bore some mythi cal symbols, supposed to be good wishes.' A general meeting of the Friendly So cieties' Medical Committee was held at Jones's schoolroom on Friday evening ; Mr. J. G. Oaborn in the chair. The Sub- Committee ap pointed to gather information from the various Friendly Societies in Sydney and Melbourne submitted their report. Relative to the benefits received by brethren and their families in those colonies, the report recommended that a Board consisting of surgeons be formed for the purpose of attending the members of Friendly Societies, and children up to the age of 18 years, and their wives. Statistics were quoted, showing that if the Board should be established on the basis of the Sydne scheme, it can be carried out (with surgeons1 fij « now paid) with an extra levy of sixpence per u* umber per quarter, pro vided every branch of tiio different Societies in the city join in the plau. Resolved that every branch of the different Societies within the city be requested to agree to the report, and that they be asked to appoint representatives to carry out the scheme. There was a great amount of dis cussion ; and after a vote of thanks to the hon. Secretary, Sub-Committee, and Chairman, the meeting, which was a very successful one, closed. The first annual meeting of the sub scribers to the Brighton Institute was held in the Town Hall on Monday evening, January 3i)th, the Vice- President (Win. Mair, Esq.) in the chair. The Committee's report, giving a full statement of the working and progress of the Institute, which was considered encouraging, and also the balance-sheet, showing the financial position of the Institution to be favorable, were read and received. A hearty vote of thanks was. accorded to the retiring offi--ers for their valu able services during the past year. The election of officers for the current year resulted in the following gentlemen being elected : — President, Hon. John Hodgkiss, re-elected ; and Vice President, Wm. Mair. Esq., re-elected. Messrs. Downing and Haywood, who retired by rota tion, were re-elected members of the Committee, and Mr. Riddle was chosen in place of Mr. Highett, who ha* removed from the district. Mr. Jemson was re-elected Secretary and Librarian. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. The Ballarat Meat-preserving Company has held its first half-yearly meeting, at which the Directors were enabled to present a satis factory progress report. The most important matter for consideration appeared to be a pro posal to remove the Works to a new site. The Company has had to contend with numerous difficulties, arising, as usual in. the case of new industries, out of the inexperience of all hands, from the Board of Directors downwards. The distance of the Works from Ballarat has necessarily occasioned a large outlay in carriage, and it is with a view to effect a saving on this item that the proposal has been made to remove the Works to a position that would permit of their connection with the railway by means of a siding. The Secretary read extracts from European letters, showing that sound 6-lb. tins would always realise 6f d. per pound, provided the meat was equal to that already forwarded from Ballarat. This seems to be supported by the experience of the Warr nambool Company, which has received by tele gram a report of the sale of their consignments at the following rates, viz : — For mutton, 6-lb. tins, 5^d. per lb.; 4-lb. tins, 6d. per lb.; 2-lb. tins, 7d. per lb. ; beef, 6-lt-. tins, 6f d. per lb. With fair management, these prices should prove remunerative, even when stock is realis ing rather high rates. — Australasian. We have received a circular, showing rules and arrangements for the Eighth Indus trial Exhibition of the Mechanics Institute, San Francisco. These Californian exhibitions have hitherto been very successful, and in this case Austra'iansarespeciallyinvitedtoseud articles of their own growth and manufacture that we may show the people of the United States, with whom we are yearly coming into closer connection, what useful products we can supply them with in exchange for the goods we receive from them. It is also suggested that intending visitors from this quarter to Europe might well see the Exhibition which will be open for a month on their homeward route The following passage will give an idea of the attrac tive style in which the Exposition is carried out: — 'The present Exhibition Building, which is being remodelled and arranged, will contain an area of 120,000 feet, and is unsur passed in its appointments and conveniences. The light during the day is excellent ; and being lighted up during the evening by 1,500 gas jets, and having perfect and thorough ventilation, which, together with an excellent band of fifty pieces of music, the gay throng of cosmopolitan visitors, the brilliant display of articles of rich ness and beauty from all parts of the world, the cooling influence of numerous fountains — com- pletes a picture difficult to surpass, but inci dental to the objects to be attained.' An inquest was held at the Moonta Mine on Thursday, January 26, before Mr. G. F. Wyatt, J.P., and a respectable Jury of 13, Mr. Mark Nicholls acting as Foreman, on the body of a child called Mary Ann O'Connor, that was drowned in a tub the pre vious day. C. lieyer, duly qualified medical practitioner, deposed that he was cilled the previous afternoon to see a child that was sup posed to be drowned. On arriving saw the child, and perceived that life was quite extinct. The body was getting cold, and stiffness was setting in. A large quantity of frothy liquid, of the appearance of dirty soap water, was tun ning out of the mouth. There was a mark across the front pait of the thighs. Was to d the child had been missed since 4 o'clock. It was then about half-past 4. From the marks across the thighs, I concluded that the child must have been suspended for some conside rable time, with the head in the water. Honora O'Connor, mother of the child, de posed that about 4 o'clock the previous afternoon the deceased was sitting on the threshold of the back door, when witness came in from the yard. I went into the bedreom, and did not stay there many minutes, and came out again. The baby was crying. Took her up to nurse her. Asked my httlo boy James where Mary was. He did not give any answer for a few minutes. Asked him again, sharp, where Mary was ; and he said, ' Oh, she is in the tub.' Rose, with the baby in her arms, and went to the tub, and took the child out. She was dead. Halloed, and the neighbors came in, and took the child from witness. They did all they could. Brandy was given, and they rubbed her, but life was gone. The doctor w^s sent for immediately, and he came and looked at the child. By Police — She was suspended ; her body inside the tub, and the legs hanging down. Witness's husband was from home at the time of the accident. Ann Daniels depesed that she heard Mrs. O'Connor crying out the previous afternoon. Ran to her assistance. She had the baby in her arms. It was about half-past 4 o'clock. Stripped the body, and rubbed it, and applied hot water with cloths, and did all she (witness) could to restore life. Saw no sign of life. I think it was about half an hour after that the doctor came. He did all he could to restore life. The Jury returned a verdict sf accidental death by drowning. At a meeting of the Adelaide Branch of the South Australian Benefit Society, held at St. Xavier's Hall, on Monday, the 30th January, in the presence of a large number of the members, the Chairman, Mr. Patrick McCormack, presented Mr. J. Kemp Penney with a handsome silver hunting-watch, on the back of which the following inscription is engraved : — ' Presented to J. Kemp Penney by the Members of the Adelaide Branch of the S. A. Benefit Society for his efficient services as Secretary during a peiiod of nine years. 1870.' The Chan-man in handing over this testimonial gave the following address: — 'To Mr. J. Kemp Penney. — Dear Sir— I am deputed by the members of this branch of the South Australian Benefit Society to beg your acceptance, on retiring from the office of Sec retary, which you have held to the satisfaction of the members for so long a period, this small token of their esteem and regard for your ac tive and zealous endeavor to promote its in terests from the foi mation of the Society to its present successful position. We trust that you may be spared many years of usefulness, and may success attend all your future exertions ; and we feel assured that your long practical experience in the working of Friendly Societies, yourj counsel and advice, will be a benefit to this and kindred societies with which you are associated. Yours faithfully, P. MoOobmack, Chairman.' Mr. Penney re plied as follows : — ' Me. Chairman and Gentlemen -I beg to thank you xind the members of the Adelaide Branch of the South Australian Benefit Society for your valuable testimonial for my services as Secre tary, having had the practical working of this Branch and the pleasure of opening all the Branches and the establishment of the district. I feel proud that the Society has attained such marked success, and, in retiring from the Secre taryship of this Branch, I have to thank many for their co-operation. Accept my best thanks. —Tours, &c;, J. Kemp Pjenney.' The following is, we believe, a correct list of the appointments of Wesleyan ministers iin South Australia, as agreed to by the Con ference now Bitting at Hobart Town, Tas mania : — First Adelaide circuit, Revs. T. James, T. Raston, J. Allen, and A. J. Bogle ; second Adelaide circuit, Revs. J. G. Miilard and A. Rigg ; third Adelaide circuit, Revs. T. Lloyd and R. S. Casely ; Port Adelaide, Rev. G. W. Patchell ; Gawler, Revs. H. T. Burgess and S. T. Withington ; Gumeracha, Rev. Mr. Pollard ; Kapunda, Rev. E. B. Burns ; Aagas ton, Rev. J. Orr ; Kooringa, Rev. G. Lee ; Clare, Rev. C. H. Goldsmith ; Auburn, Rev. J. Has lam ; Port Wakefield, Rev. W. H. Rofe ; Wil lunga, Rev. J. S. Greer ; Clarendon, Rev. J. Spence ; Mount Barker, Rev. T. Edmeades ; Strathalbyn, Rev. -J. Y. Simpson ; YankalilJa, Rev. C. T. Newman ; Mount Gambier, llev. J. B. Stephenson ; Narracoorte, Rev. J. W. Anneils ; Goolwa, Rev. W. S. Worth ; Wallaroo, Revs. S. Knight and A. Stubbs ; Port Lincoln, Rev. P. C. Thomas ; Mount Remarkable, Rev. J. Bead ; B Unman, Rev. Mr. Rowe ; North-East, Rev. B. G. Edwards ; Wentworth, Rev. J. H. Trevorrow. The Rev. C. P. Thomas, now at Angas,ton, has been appointed to the Sandhurst circuit in Victoria. A lump of curious-looking stuff has been brought to our office by Mr. J. S. Upton, of Milang. It was picked up by Mr. Kruse, a trader on the Coorong, on the seabeach, about 70 miles south-east of the Murray mouth. It is not now in the state in which it was when found — it having been cut in two pieces. It has the appearance externally of a half-done loaf of bread, but when it has been cut it looks very much like leather. It ia inflammable, and burns with a clear bright flame, and emits a resinous smeU. We have shown the stuff to Mr. Water house, the Curator of the Museum, and Mr. Francis, the chemical analyst, who concur in pronouncing it to be a piece of gutta percha. They think it likely to have formed part of the cat go of a ship from the East Indies, laden with crude gutta percha, and to have been thrown overboard, or in some way to have got adrift. It may possibly have been drifting about in the ocean for years exposed to all temperatures, and at last have stranded where it was dis covered. There are several chips embedded in the lump, which Mr. Francis states are gutta percha chips. We were at first inclined to suppose that it might be an exudation of bitu minous matter, indicating the presence of an oil well in the neighborhood, which might be turned to good account, but the theory of Messrs. Francis and Waterhouse appears to be the most probable. The curiosity may be seen at our office. The following letter, received by the Secretary and Treasurer to the Bushmen's Home, has been handed to us, and we gladly give publicity to it, as it is indicative of the interest which is taken in the institution by the class for whom it is specially intended : — 'Momba, N.S.W., Jan. 6, 1871.— Honored Sir — Having accidentally seen a printed copy of the address to bushmen, by ' William,' I cannot keep back — being a bushman myself — my admiration and humble thanks for the gracious interest taken in tryiag to provide a home for the lonely ones of the bush by a few of the good men of South Australia. Dare I hope that the rules and regulations of your establishment permit a stranger (who feels a lively interest in the welfare of all bushmen), who lives at present in this colony — New South Wales — to be an annual subscriber at your home? I may not have the opportunity of visiting your establishment perhaps for a long time ; but let that be as it is, I may in the mean while perhaps have the opportunity of engaging the interest of my fellow bushmen in behalf of their own benefit in your established home. I do not know if enclosed cheque for £5 is suffi cient for an annual subscription ; if not, will you oblige me by letting me know ; and if it should be more money than required, please will you oblige me, honored Sir, to let it go to the benefit of the Home. May I hambly ask if you in your kindness will send me a copy of the regulations of your place, which by showing to my fellow-men hereabout may lead through it, I humbly hope, to some benefit to themselves ; for, alas ! it is sorely nee ^ed to take them by the hand and show them that there is yet some thing better on this earth than only harsh ness, coldness, mistrust, &c;, &c.; May Almighty God in all His goodness be with this beautiful undertaking of yours. I remain in all sincerity, a humble bushman, Joseph Seligmann. — To the Treasurer and Secretary of the Bushmen's Home, Adelaide.' The Coal Teaffic by Railway to LonDor. — It appears that, owing to an agreement exist ing between the Midland and Great Northern Companies, the latter cinnot lower the existing coal rate to the metropolis. This has been a serious loss to the colliery owners of South Yorkshire, and also to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, which is the feeder of the Great Northern from Barnsley, Wombwell, Elsecar, Thornecliffe, Chapeltown, &c.; For the purpose of bringing matters to a crisis, with a view to the rate by the Midland aud Great Northern being made more uniform, the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company about a fort night ago reduced the rate to Retford Is. per ton, the coal owners at the same time agreeing to lower their prices to the same extent. Con sequently the coal from South Yorkshire has been selling in London at 23. per ton less than that carried by other railways. The trade from Derbyshire having suffered in consequence of the reduction, a meeting of the representatives of the Midland, Great Northern, and Man chester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Companies was held in Derby lately for the purpose of arranging so as to prevent a collision of interests. No agreement, however, was come to, but it is understood that the Midland will reduce their rate from Derbyshire lid. per ton. In the meantime, however, the great desire of the South Yorkshire coalowners is likely to be realised, viz., to have a line from their vast coal-field to London independent of the Great Northern. Preparations are now being made to survey for a line to commence at the railway at Lincoln to the nearest point to the Great Eastern. The scheme will be somewhat similar to that proposed a few years since, when it was proposed, to connect the Great Eistern with the mining and manufacturing disiricts of York shire. The promoters of that line offered to carry coal to London at one farthing per ton per mile, the estimated cost of construction being only £13,000 per mile, the gradients being but 1 in 400. The Bill, however, did not pass f through the Committee of the House of Com Imons. As tho price of coal by railway regulates that by water, a difference of 2i. per ton would be a saving cf no less than £-300,000 per annuir, 