THE RABBIT PLAGUE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir-Allow thirty-seven years amongst sheep and sheep runs in Tasmania, I am at last driving from the once green plains of the interior to the hot streets of the metropolis, at nearly three score years and ten. I make no complaint on my own account, and as my case may he at be advanced an age, but as the cause that has brought about my sorrow may, and must, indeed, bring the same burthen to hundreds, aye, thousands of other fellow colonists, I come into the battle between " Black Jack" and " Looker On." That the rabbit has now taken absolute possession of the grazing districts of the colony is a fact too evident to be denied, and that the wool king has his notice to quit written in fur over every inch of his domain is equally true; but while we cannot contemplate this calamity without alarm, there is still room to ponder over the work that Providence has directed this innocent little creature to perform. When we travel from one side of our island to the other, and over, perhaps, the finest macadamised road in the world for its length, do we not find all the best land of the country fenced in for miles and miles, and as far as the eye can reach, by the wire, and pelt and rail fencing of proprietors, who, under fortuitous circumstances, have become owners of far, Sm more than their aliquot share of our island home more than they needed while hundreds quite as worthy have been shut out, or driven into the road- less, and almost inaccessible confines of the mountain ranges.? at, and with all this nDiiirness of division of the Mt, the sheep grower never made over three abJlUqp an acre morn his powers; but what must the profit be now that the rabbit is fast eating the grazier and his cattle off the face of the land ? And yet, in the very front of all this " order," to which all must bow a submissive head, we find apples, plums, and other tempting fruits laid about the cottage door of the shepherd, and amongst the fair-haired children of the wilds, who, perhaps, never saw such sweet and pretty things before nor heard of deadly strychnine, and will, therefore fall the more innocently into the death agonies of the tempting bait. " Looker On" writes positively as to the rabbit taking poison, but he gives neither example nor authority and until he does so, and remove the terror that must pervade every settler's hut, by the setting of this poison, I for one at all events shall ever remain a disbeliever in his theory, and a true disciple of our friend "Black Jack." But we shall see what we shall see in the meantime I remain Your obedient servant, THE GHOST AT BOWEN' PARK. 