ST. ALOYSIUS' COLLEGE. Yesterday morning tbe Catholic festival of Corpus Cbrieti ma observed at (be flbuve seminary by the celebrations of first, second, third, foartb, and solemn high mass at 7,8,9, 10, and 11.30 a.m. The occasion wa8 also taken to lay the foundation-stone of the tower of the ; Collegiate Chapel. ' After the close of the high mass, the Rev, Father 3. T. Woods (of Adelaide) proceeded to lay the stone (an oblong block of 'white free* stone) in a cavity, in which was pat an inscrip tion, to the effect that the stone was laid on June 8, Victoria being Queen of these Malms, Sir Jamea Fergusson the G-orernor of this pro vince, Pius TT the head of the Catholic Church, the Bight Bev. Dr.Lsurence Bona' ventura Shiel the Bishop of .Adelaide, and the Right JAev. Peter Beck the General of the Society of Jesus. The Rev. Father prefaced die ceremony by a supplication "for God's blessing on the work commenced that day, and His help to carry it successfully to the end." The Latin service for the occasion and a litany were song, and the atone being duly signed and lowered, was de clared troll and properly laid, In the name of the F&'her, Son, and Holy Ghost. A sermon was then preached by Father Wood-from the theme of Acts iv,-dwelling upon the necessity of gratitude and generosity to their church, of which Christ had become the chief corner-stone, and passing a high elogiurn on those who. had aided to bring the college to its present state of efficiency and popularity. A collection followed ; aud, from the alacrity with which the persons asssembled placed their notes and silver on the newly-laid stone^ and m the plates as they were passed round, there is no doubt that the earn raised was aoonsiderable one. - . , A procession of the holy fae*raa!e'ot'_wa!i' ! ' j formed by the clergy, acolytes, arid,a 'large rumber of Catholic children and ladies (clad in white, with veils of the same , color), and, ac companied by the congregation and the visitors, proceeded around part of tbe college ground*, in different points of which altars pad been set up, uid where-as tbe procession reached each -the benediction was given. On their ret^utn-J ing ioibe Choreb, the benediction serrice was '' performed, concluding the formal proceedings of the day. . , J t About 400 prreoflB were present, haviajggone thither from most of the neighboring town# j and the weather was very fine, though eotne rain in the early part of the morning had raised forenodings not very pleasurable for the fall enjoyment of tbe ceremony. -a." 