cKmbing altogether by resorting to the hydraulic lifts. There is one at each side of the building, capable of admitting twenty persons at a time. Those who retain enough physical energy amidst these sybaritic con trivances to ascend the stairs will note that the balustrades are all inwrought with the letter 'V,' that the landings are all laid ?with the finest encaustic tiles, that the corridors are themselves like small halls, and that leading off from them is a superfluity of retiring rooms. . The hall ia an amphitheatre glorified into Belgravian splendour. Thoroughly after the heart of John Bull, it savours of the drawing loom, of the warehouse, of the concert saloon, and of the picture gallery. All these purposes it will have to serve during the London season. It is to be the home of national congresses for art and science; the habitat of conversaziones'; the Valhalla of concerts md oratorios; the rendezvous of everything great in sculpture and painting; and at odd times an emporium for industrial curiosities, including those which come direct from the working man without the intervention of capitalists. - There is only one body of men capable of conceiving, nob to say executing, such a gigantic idea. The Society of Arts is here in, the latest of its indefatigable enterprises. But it has been operating more quietly than usual, and on a less patriotic principle.- It has not applied to the House of Commons for privileges,, nor has it vexed the needy tool of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for subsidies. Though the undertaking is as broadly nationrl in its scope as the International Exhibition itself, it has from the first been in the hands of a private proprie tary. The promoters formed a Joint Stock Company in 1867, and were incor porated by royal charter. It was a funda mental condition that there should be n.o division of profits, but that the undertaking should absorb all its own earnings. The proprietorial rights of the shareholders were defined by assigning them a 'proportionate amount of accommodation in the Hall, like a pew in a parish church, it passed under absolute ownership, and could be leased, transferred, or sold at pleasure. In the case of private boxes the ovvners furnish their own fittings. They can, in fact, convert the boxes into small boudoirs, into which they have free en^y on all occasions when the Hall is open to the public. A large portion of the interior space has been thus disposed of, and the funds for maintenance nil have to be derived from the unreserved seats. There are a thousand of these in the arena, lift: en hundred in the balcony above the dress circle, and two thousand in the gallery, The boxes, which have been appropriated in perpetuity, will give a thousand sittings, ?nd the amphi theatre, in which separate seats have been Bold, will accommodate fourteen hundred. Half of them may continue available for casual visitors, but their ultimate fate is no donbt to become privileged quarters. About a third of the accommodation will be exclusively JBelgravian, and the proprietary list already extends far down among the upper crust. It begins at the head of the Court, Her Majesty having purchased one of the largest boxes, namely, of the £1,000 class, which contain ten sittings. The Prince of Wales has secured the next best. The Duke of Edinburgh shares one with his elderly relative, the Commander:n Chief . For the others in the principal tier the aristocracy have had to compete with, the plutocrats. There are three prominent Dnkes who \\*!11 find themselves vis-a-vis ?with a popuhr dramatist, a Lombard-street banker, a leadmg civil engineer, and two successful contractors. In the original plan there were only two tiers defined, the second one being subdivided into boxes for five persons, and sold at £500 each, but a third set has had to be formed in the amphi theatre. These are sold at an intermediate price of £800 each. The whole forty in the principal tier have been selected, and at the opening there had been very few left in either of the others. The single seats in the amphitheatre, which correspond in position and rank to theatre stalls, are rated at £100 each. The peculiar subdivisions of the interior indicate their relation to each other and the nature of the general arrangement. The focus of the building is the arena or pit, which will be the show-room in Industrial Exhibitions, and the promenade in concerts. The amphitheatre ascends from it at an easy elevation toward the principal tier of boxes; The second tier is sannovnted by a balcony, which will' be the middle-class part of the house. The 'gods' are not to be seated, as the upper region assigned to them will also be used as a picture gallery. It is a broad promenade with a width of 20 feet, and so sloped that the back of it will be /visible from any part of the arena. The scaliogla columns, which partition the inner wall, and aid in the classification of pictures, are the most effective ornaments of the interior. The orchestra, with its unrivalled organ, has a conspicuous position at the extremity of the principal tier of boxes. It occupies about a fourth of the circle, and when occasion requires it can be extended into the adjoining amphitheatre. The organ, which has been built under the supervision of Sir Michael Costa, is by the same maker as that in St. George's Hall, Liverpool. But it will be vastly larger— the largest in the world , say musical gossips. Her Majesty laid the foundation of this unique and interesting building four years ago-Kjn the 20th of May, 1867. She consented to open it on the 29feh of March, and according to our telegrams the event was a grand success. The programme of the ceremony has already reached us. A full orchestra and chorus of a thousand voices were to be directed by Sir Michael Costa. Military bands were to be stationed ?within and around the building to play while the invited company were assembling. The doors were to be closed at midday, the hour appointed for Her Majesty's «ri?aL She was to be received/ at the entrance, by the Prince of Wales, as Chairman of the Provisional Committee of the Albert Hall Company. After she had taken her seat an address was to be read by the Prince, to which Her Majesty would reply. Then followed a prayer, and Her Majesty declared the Hall to be formally opened. The de claration would be arnouueed outside by trumpets and a royal salute in the park. A cantata had been composed for the occasion by Sir Michael Costa, to be sung by the orchestra, to be followed after an interval of ten minutes by the inaugural concert. Thus was to be, and no doubt has been, conducted the most recent as well as the greatest of many Albert celebrations. Remission of Sentences.— In reference to our recent remarks upon the desirability of some definite understanding as to the way in which the responsibility of remitting the sentences of the Supreme Court is distri buted, our attention has been drawn to the 13th clause of the Governor's Instructions, which deals with this matter so far as relates to sentences of death. It is there laid down that in these cases the Judge before whom the prisoner was tried shall be called upon to make a written report upon the case, and that this report shall bs considered at the next Executive Council, at which the Judge may be summoned to attend. The Executive are required to advise His Excellency, and are thus compelled to assume a distinct respon sibility in the matter; but it is expressly provided that the Governor shall either extend or withhold a pardon or reprieve according to his own deliberate judgment, whether the Executive concur therein or not. In the latter case His Excellency is enjoined to enter his reasons at length on the minutes of the Executive Council. This regulation precisely embodies the suggestion we threw out, but our obvious intention was that it should apply, not to sentences of death alone, but to all cases where penalties for crime are remitted. Tie Governor's Instructions impose no such limitations as these upon his power of remission in other than capital offences, and our remarks were directed mainly to such minor cases. In more than one instance in past times prisoners have been released partly through political influ ences, while the responsibility of the act has been shuffled off upon the Crown, which can of course do no wrong. Queen's Birthday. — Her Majesty Queen Victoria completes her 52nd year to-day, and the event will be celebrated in all parts of her dominions. A general holiday will be observed . in the city. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, Bart., will hold a levee at noon. The following are amongst the advertised amusements: — Autumn Races on the Old Adelaide Racecourse; rowing and sculling matches at Port Adelaide; Annual Conference of the Total Abstinence Alliance in the morning, with tea and public meeting in the evening; musical and dramatic entertainment by the Union Minstrel Troupe at the Theatre Royal; lecture and musical enter tainment at St. Xavier's Hall; Sports on the North Park Lands by the North Adelaide Junior Athletic Club; Athletic Sports and Soiree at Gawler.— Vivat Megina! Assembly Balls.— We are requested to call attention to the advertisement notifying that applications for tickets for the first ball, to be held on Tuesday evening, 30th inst., will be received up till Saturday, at 37, King William street, The Hon. Secretaries having been in formed that some misapprehension exists as to the arrangements forthis season, also desire us to state that circulars have not been sent out as formerly, the usual subscription having been dispensed with. The Intercolonial Chess Match. — To- day the telegraph chess match between Adelaide and Sydney will be played. The gentlemen who represent the former are Messrs, A. H. Beyer, W. J. Fullarton, R. B. Hale, J. Mann, W. D. Scott, R. M. Steele, and S. Tyrrell. Mr. H. J. Thwaites, who was selected to play, has been compelled through illness to retire. The New South Wales champions are Messrs. Gibbs, Heydon, McRae, Russell, Ryan, Smith, and the Rev. J. Pendrill. Mr. Todd (President of the Adelaide Chess Club) will act as Umpire for Sydney and Mr. P. B. Walker will act in a similar capacity for Adelaide. The public will be excluded from the office where the games are conducted, but duplicate boards will be provided In another room, on which each move will be repeated as it is made. The contest will begin at about 10 o'clock this morning, and will probably last all day. Total Abstinence.— The aggregate meeting of the various Bands of Hope in connection with the {South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union was held in the Tem perance Hall, North Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, May 23. The chair was taken by the President, Mr. J. Pickering. There was a very large attendance of juveniles, also many adult friends and patrons of the cause. Com petitive recitations were creditably delivered, the prizes for which will be awarded to the successful candidates this evening. A collec tion on behalf of the funds was then made, after which the audience was amused by a scene from the Archer-street Temperance Life boat. Crew. The proceedings were closed by signing the National Anthem. Prisoners totoer Sentence.— We understand that the Executive Council will meet on Thursday next, when the question of remitting the sen tence passed upon C. E. Tidemann and com muting that passed on Douglas will be con sidered. Horbe Accident.— On Tuesday evening Mr. Richard Either was riding down Rundle-street, when his horse shied and bolted on to the foot path in front of Mr. Steiner's, where it slipped and jammed the rider against the shop shutters. Mr. Either was at once taken to his home and a doctor called in; but fortunately no injuries beyond a severe shaking and bruising were received. The Late Serious Accident.— On Tuesday evening George Cheeseman, of Gray-street, whose case had been considered critical, was somewhat better, and hopes were entertained of his recovery should he get a good night's rest. Cart Accident.— On Tuesday morning, at Glenelg, Boston Johnston was bargaining for a load of fish, while another man was holding the shafts of the vehicle. Suddenly the person let them pass out of his hands, and the cart tipped over, the tail-board striking Johnston, who sustained a compound fracture of the left, leg. He was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Tuesday afternoon, and is progressing favourably. European Correspondence. — Remarking upon an item in the budget of Continental news that we published on the arrival of the last Suez mail, the Irish Harp. refers to the Home News as showing that the disturbance at the Church of Gesie was not fomented by the clerical party, but that the agitation was actually directed against them. The Harp has, however, fallen into an error in attributing the paragraph published in the Register to a home correspon dent of this journal, as we explained at the time that a portion of our special correspondent's despatches having miscarried, we were indebted foi the remainder of the descriptive and news matter then given to other sources. The notice in question was extracted from an English paper, and the Register special correspondent was in no way responsible for it. Ladies' Magazine.— The prospectus has been issued of a proposed serial for ladies; and should the promoters redeem all the promises they make, the magazine will command success. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Ade laide during the week ended Saturday, the 20th of May, were:— Births— 21 aaales, 27 females; deaths— 12 males, 9 females; total— 48 births, 21 deaths. Excess of births, 27. Areas in the South-Bast.— It is probable that this week's Gazette will contain the procla mation of two new agricultural areas in the South-East. One will comprise part of the present Mount Muirkead Area; ike other will include land lying on its borders to the west ward. Concert, — A complimentary coaeert was given at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday, .May 23, by Mr. and Mrs. G. T. Harris, assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs. The attendance was good, and the programme well carried out. An overture on the piano, 'The Crown of Diamonds,' was brilliantly executed by Miss Lindstrona, who appeared later in the evening in a duet with Miss Stanley. Mr. and Mr?. Harris, Mia Flaherty, Miss Stanley, and Miss Lindstrom sang several pretty duets and songs in a style that elicited frequent marks of approval. The voices of Miss Flaherty, Mr. Hams, and Mr. C. C. Gooden were nicely blended in a trio, 'The Wreath,' and they had to respond to an encore. Mrs. Harris was recalled in & comic song, 'Bother the Men,' and gave 'What is the Time to Marry,' a prettier and wittier piece, nicely sung, and well received. Miss Flaherty had to repeat ' Barney O'Hea,' and Mrs. Harris and Mr. Sanderson in a duet, ' Come o'er the Moonlit Sea,' were imperatively encored. Miss Stanley was called upon to repeat 'Love's Bequest,' and later in the evening, assisted by Mrs. Harris, sang a duet, 'The Two Cousins,' which was also rede manded, but not regiven. A song, 'Bird, what art Thou,' by Mrs. Harris, with flute accompaniment, was applauded, and Mr. L. Jagoe, ina song, narrowly escaped an encore. The entertainment was of a superior nature, and, judging from the frequent applause, a decided treat for the people of Norwood. The Late Mb. Hugh Glass.— Concerning the sometime squatting millionaire, 'JSgles' writes:—' The last time I met Mr. Hugh Glass was in his splendid mansion at Flemington, some six months ago. The visit was not without a painful 8uggestiveness, for there were obvious marks of the change that had occurred in the circumstances of the proprietor. The evidences of enforced neglect and of premature decay were in melancholy keeping with the large-framed, careworn invalid. Whether Mr. Glass deserved or did not deserve the censure which has been passed upon him in regard to his commercial dealings matters little now. Of this I am certair, that he was a most sensitive person, and that after publicity had been given to his pecuniary misfortunes he shunned society. He ate his heart out in solitude at Flemington. For a long time he had suffered from internal disease beyond the reach of surgical or medicinal remedy. When possessed of ample means Mr. Glass displayed a refined taste in horticulture, and was unsparing of money, as the beautiful shrubberies which ornament his grounds even now attest. And let me say this, that he was a generous and kind-hearted neigh bour, always ready to do a good turn in a quiet, unassuming way. I will give one in stance. A mutual friend, whose grounds were not very remote from those of Mr. Glass, had occasion to visit Sydney. On his return he found to his surprise that the land about his house had, during his absence, been trenched and handsomely planted with a large number of valuable shrubs and trees. On enquiry he found that Mr. Glass's men had been there, and had accomplished this transformation. Knowing his — Mr. Glass's — dislike to elaborate thanks, my friend the next time he met my neighbour said, 'Well, Glass, some impudent fellow has been taking a singular liberty with me, tearing up my ground and putting in a lot of trees without ever asking my leave.' 'Well/ said Mr. Glass, 'it was an impudent thing to do.' And that was the only acknowledgment of one out of many neighbourly acts. Mr. Glass was a man of great natural ability, and owed his re verses to overstraining his credit. Had he re tained his wealth, there would have been less keensightedness as to his alleged faults. A' Bank Manager, it is said, once went to Mr. Glass and begged as a particular favour that the institution he managed might be favoured with a portion of Mr. Glass's account. His desire was not left ungratified.' An Old and Ludicrous Ceremony.— A late issue of the London Daily Telegraph, referring to the opening of the Parliament, says: — ' Surely the gloomy fanatic who, in the reign of James I., so nearly succeeded inflowing up the House cf Lords and Commons must have been related to the horrific personage whose effigy, dread fully hirsute, and with a coil of steel spring instead of a stomach, is still visible in some of our toyshop windows. There is a curious affinity between Guy Fawkes and a 'Jack in the Box.' You shut Jack down in his coffer; you forget all about him; but some day an indiscreet or a mis chievous hand unfastens the box, and up starts Jack, more preposterously ugly than ever. He is irrepressible— and so is Guy Fawkes. We hanged, drew, and quartered Guy; yet that didn't settle him. We found out that his name wasn't Guy or Fawkes at all, but Guido Vaux; and even that discovery did not avail us. We have discontinued 5th of Novembar services, discouraged 5th of November processions, and put down bonfires and squib-throwing by the strong arm of the law. Notwithstanding all our efforts, the incorrigible conspirator continues from time to time to fty up in our faces; and it almost passes belief to hear that Guy Fawkes was made the excuse for a solemn Parliamentary perquisition in the vaults of the Palace at Westminster. It has been the custom ever since the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot in 1605 to search beneath the Houses of Par liament just before they are opened, and to make sure that there are no barrels of gunpowder stowed away by the ghost of Guy. This ancient and interesting ceremony was performed by a party of Her Majesty's Yeomen of the Guard, under the command of Captain Morey, with sundry of the bizarre creatures called ' Marshal men,' and other officials of the House. The procession by lantern-light through the vaulted chambers bad, it is said, a highly picturesque effect ; but we cannot err, we should say, in assuming that the searchers did not find any explosive materials; that the 'picturesque effect' was not heightened by the apparition of Guy Fawkes in yropriA persona, with lurid flames issuing from his eyeless sockets ; and that, in fine, nothing was found save, perhaps, a few cobwebs and a mare's nest. Is it not time that such ridiculous mummery should be done away with? If the vaults of the House must be examined, would not a couple of policecon stables be adequate to the performance of the task?' . [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] The LEVEE.—To-day the usual levee will be held by His Excellency the Governor in honour of Her Majesty's Birthday. We mention for the convenience of gentlemen who may be prevented attending by illness or otherwise, that no names will appear in the published lists except what are officially supplied to the papers. Their course, therefore, should be to enclose cards to the Aid- de-Camp, with their excuse for absence, and the names will then appear in a separate list. Cullen v. Chambers.— In this, which was a suit against John Chambers, the defendant, as executor of the late James Chambers, and as his surviving partner, praying that the Court would take possession of and administer the estate, on the ground that thedefendant had been guilty of waste and misappropriation, a* judgment was read on Tuesday by His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynne dismissing the bill on the ground of informality, but without costs. The German War Relief Fund.— By the mail steamer on Monday the Adelaide Com mittee forwarded to Piince BUmarck for the relief of wounded and bei-eaved Germans £140, and the Tanunda Committee £100. Up to the present time the Adelaide Central Committee has- remitted to Berlin £1,115, Tanunda, £700; and Mount Gambier several hundred pounds, so that the German colonists of South Aus tralia have altogether forwarded over £2,000. Football.— Referring to the report we re ceived of the match between the Prince Alfred College and North Adelaide Grammar School Clubs, the Captain of the latter states that when the challenge was accepted his team understood that their opponents were boys, whereas they turned out to be young men. Notwithstanding this, more than two hours elapsed before a goal was obtained, so that as far as skill was con cerned the writer contends that the advantage was really on his side. IT1 Brandos's Shoe Warehouse wOl be dosed Friday, and reopen Saturday evening at 6 o'clock, 143'6 THE ROYAL ALBERT HALL, The late Prince Consort's idea of inter national exhibitions has been prolific, and its fruits are becoming permanently associated with his own memory. The finest monu ment wmen tne nation nas yec erected to him stands upon a site which was paid for out of the proceeds of the Exhibition of 1851. It was presented to the originators of the Royal Albert Hall Company by the Com missieners, of whom Prince Albert was the original Chairman. It is in the centre of Kensington Gore, not far from the celebrated Brompton Boilers of 1862. The Hall itself is like 'Fowkes's Folly,' an architectural paradox. It courageously emancipates itself from all the traditional unities of style, and carries out an idea of utility without ham pering itself with scruples about external appearance. The exterior is an elliptical shaped cplosseum, with a series of heavy porticoes attcshed, there being one at either end and others at the sides. It is ornamented with very simple and appropriate designs in terra cotfa bricks. The finest work has been applied to the friezes, the designs for which were furnished by Mr.Armitage, Mr. Horsley, Mr. Pickersgill, and other distin guished R.A.'s. One trilogy of groups is illustrative of the Oriental infancy of science*. In the firat, Chaldean shepherds are gazing: intently at the stars, while one of them with up-pointed finger expounds the astro nomical theories of the day. In the second science has advanced from its oral to its written stage,' and is exemplified by a Greek philosopher studying a chant. The third is occupied by unmistakable modern savants taking turns at a telescope. But even savants in terra cotta are not an entrancing substitute for the harmonious proportions of Ionic or the severe simplicity of Doric. Few seem to linger long outside the porticoes of the Royal Albert. Bute when they have crossed the threshold they seem better able to enter into keen sympathy with the architect. Colonel Scott's task has been to produce an interior capable of satisfying the British, ideal of comfortable magnificence. A pro digality of Britiah wealth and bMII hag. demanded of him to be utilized in the crea tion of a tableau which would be at once= gorgeous to the eye and agreeable to the other senses. How to seat so many thou sands of a fashionable audience in the= . greatest luxury; how to supply them with, light and warmth, each the most per. feet of its kind; how to bring; every form of artistic enjoyment, pictorial, musical, and literary, within their reach;, how-to facilitate all their incomings and. their outgoings that there may be neither danger nor trouble in their way; and finally, how to distinguish them according to the grades and shadings of their social position — these have been the architectural conditions prescribed to Colonel Scott. Apart from the ungainly enclosure within which so many beauties of art and industry have been assembled, the design seems to be a grand success. It averts danger in case of alarm by providing abundant means of egress. Even a crowd of eight thousand people could not jostle each other much where there is a staircase for every two hundred of them,, and a separate door fo'r every hundred and fifty. The lazy and infirm can avoid. 