v.- THE HELBODBNE CUP. / BY "Orange BIOSSOM.' ; Ere another fortnight has elapsed, the name of thewirmer of foe most exciting of all Australian . r turf events will be flashed through foe telegraphic wires to every haoitable portion of this vast con- tinent. 3Sie attention of the whole sporting com munity is at preseut directed to the great totting race of the year, and if one could only spot the lucky winner, a fortune might be made. Talk of excitement : what contest iu the southern hemi- sphere creates one-tenth the excitement that the ; Melbourne Cup does ? . What but the Melbourne j Cup induces some, thirty thousand well- dressed .and orderly persons to congregate together for the purpose of enjoying themselves ? Picture to your self, dear, reader, the ten. thousand white faces on foe bill, dl tund tirtfo thoBe hurrying specks fo the distance. ; The heart and spul of everyone j are in the struggL, jbhat is impending. Xou can hear it _in the Boarsck; unceasing murmur of voices, I which wscEesl<Hiderand loufier.. as foe leaders! swep uM foe straight, aQd the £eroest of strqg- gles.ensuai Hu-k to foe ro&r; as some favourite a dangerous opponent, wilder and J nio unearthly it grows, as they pass foe stand, ctdnunatea with foe finish, of the most excxripg struggle of the year. See the thousands foe, -ifotofr \\.u lie retnn-ns toscale j Xhe wiid hurnfoB ; the fossing of J Jwtfe ond fo® slwifog of hands, as qld Bpb Hamil- 1 jfon leads hiqi into . the . weighing yrd, and the j .fined cofo®®- shout as the ancient Isaac pronounces j foai the jockey's weightir" Bight,".tendto render j foe #h| the iost jnforestiijg qf ,foe year, t unfa one well worth a barefooted pilgrimage to catch a . 1 glimpse of. With a brain dizzy and whirling, J ja breast heaving and panting with excitement, j #$La ofoe stomach, tine proclaimed the winner, mid takes such a pull at j hthe exhilarating '' phiz" as shall make the fair- | dispenser of drinks stare withblankjaBtonishmenfc, %nd wonder whether he that driokoth has ' dined Ud salt junk or pickled pork. Ah I to moife is -the I day-of ril days ; . and nothing gives - me greyer satifoiction than to seeaome " good thing" thatT haVe apotted just do the favourite on the poet by Agood long head, so bhat there may be no J. two .Opinions about tbe matter, v l am told that last year, the judge, before giving Bis " decision, consulted) one of the stewards- who ; was in | the box as to which horse had won, - and received the reply " Nimblefoofc," while Mr. S. Waldock, who stood immediately under foe box, remarked that it was. the fairest dead heat he had ever seen. ; I wonder what would be said at New market or Epsom if Mr. Clark consulted one of foe stewards Before he gave his derision ? For my part, X think it is a monstrous thing that the judge should be interfered with in any way. Xf he has not sufficient confidence in his/ own ability, he has no business to occupy the position ; and unless he <w-n act with confidence and alone, thesoonerhe is thrown outoffoe window the better. Many people thought that Lapdog had won last yeari and if it be true that Mr. Bojre asked a steward's opinion before he told the telegraph man what numbers to pat up, it is equally clear that the judge himself was not certain upon the point. We want a clear-headed man, such as Mr. Charles Fisher to take the .post of judge; but unfortunately that gentleman does not ,care to act; and until we get a man who I thoroughly understands his business, we snail j have to put up with decisions, which - though I errors of judgment only, create a feeling of alarm I in the breasts of owners of horses. But to my | muttons. Tipping on the Melbourne Cup is an unthankful task ; for though you . may spot five I out of foe first six, you get little or no credit I unless you happen to have the winner amongst them. ; A brother scribe last week selected no less j than thirteen from which the winner might spring,. but gave foe preference to the top- weight Glencoe, | whose exploits on the training-ground this season I have mule him a very warm favourite. We all know that he ran a great race last year, and had Lapdog Been an absentee, the chesnot would pro bably have won. This year he meets Lapdog on 161bs better terms than in 1870, and Valentine, who ran third, has 14Lb the worst of the weights. As " Augur" has recorded in his training notes that .Glencoe has never shirked his work this season, it is to be supposed that the blistering he received has had an ameliorating effect, and being master of any weight, he must finish in the front rank. Nimblefoot, your correspondent " Augur" told us some time ago, had a " leg," so he may ! be dismissed without further . notice. . Warrior I I never liked totter than 1 do this year ; he is in | capital form and goes like a lion, and must be ; near the winner, but I do not think he is quite good enough to win. Had nothing occurred to interfere with foe preparation of Little Dick, X should have regarded bis chance as second to no horse engaged in the Cup ; even now he may he got well eneugh to run a great race to the turn for heme, but beyond that point I do net think he will show to advantage. He doesn't go with that vigour which made him so conspicuous on the training-ground, last year, when he bounded over foe ground like an india-rubber ball. Mermaid belongs to Mr. James Wilson's formidable string, and a glance at her most recent performances must convince everybody that she made a wonder? ful improvement from the spring to the autumn, -j Well do I remember the easy manner in which she disposed of her opponents in the Four-year- old Handicap, although at the time she was suffering from a severe cold, the effects of which prevented her from distinguishing herself until late in foe year. Had it not been for foe absence of Mr. Wilson during the Tasmanian meeting, this little mare would have come fit to foe post for the Astralian Cup, but as she got a long way above herself, It was found impossible to rush the superfluous flesh off her in time. How she won the. Autumn Handicap, foe Sydney Cup, foe City 1 Handicap, and the Band wick Handicap - may be I learnt by a reference to the pages ofthe " Turf J Begister." In both of the latter she displayed I her. ability to carry weight, carrying 8st 111b in j the , City, mid doing foe mile and a-half in 2min. j 46sec. Her victory in the Randwick Handicap 1 was a still better performance, foe pony wander I carrying 9st 51b, and giving Rosebud a couple of stone, and a beating into the bargain. These doings entitle her to be considered as one of the" beet animals in Australia, and as her friendB (who seldom make mistakes) expressed their willingness to match her at weighfc for age against Tim Whiffier, I cannot but regard her as foe. very best animal in the Melbourne Cupr of 1871\. Being bat fifteen hands high, it becomes la matter of doubt whether she can cany | 8st 81b to victory in a severe run race, but I do I hot forget that foe pony Lecturer in England I proved himself one of the beet horses; even under | foe crushing weight of 10st, and as Mermaid's beautiful action helps her. materially, I feel quite satisfied that the weight allotted to her will not stop her upon this occasion. It may be as well to mention that Mr. Wilson will, all going well, start four horses for foe Cup ; that they will .all go m different interests, and on their merits, so that those who have been anxiously waiting for the stable to " make a sign," will be disappointed, as foe whole four have been backed to win -a : similar amount, and as there is little difference between Bomnla, Mermaid, and Lapdog, it is the toee-upof a button which proves the best of foe i lot. However, X am content to pin my faith to; i Mermaid at present, and unless sexual causes | interfere with her, X fully expect to see her win, or, at all events, get a situation. Bar belle has I upon many occasions shown her ability to race in good company ; bat though she once got home in front for foe Sydney Gup I have, my doubts about ner m such a race as the Melbourne Gup, and notwithstanding the great confidence of her friends and foe assistance of a a accomplished horseman like Joe Kran,Jdo not regard; her chance as equal to that of several ethers that X can name. Lapdog has not been in good odour, of late ; but when X saw him a fortnight ago, he was looking at well as h)B beet friends oould wish, and having grown an inch all over,-, will be quite equal to the 121b extra ; and as during foe past fortnight : Be bas been coastantiy nibhted at by shrewd ipsa ffog never back hornet except foey ''know something," I should imagine that foe chance of his injury troubling him again it veiy re- ffiote, Bomula ib another of foe out-and-come-again sort, and being (fftheimprovingNewWarriorfamily, i will; in ail probability, run a good mare through- i out foe meeting. By long has been going to electrify foe racing world with some <wonderfuf , feat for a considerable time, but has not accom- i pliahed anything since he was thme . years old, ntij which time he was under foe care of his present j horse m blooming healfo j but it was phun to me | t on several- occasions wbentkT l ' ' II Wotk.with Arum, ttmt « I over him all the wav an l I .tone the best of the'weighu I I beat bimon the I of to. element m a two-mili I i n "in ,woald «>t Th. p I better. The Monk has an onfojj , miid, I in,better fonn than whim he m» ' » I Cjmba I do not like. Prate V. I eopoghtowimfhieconardly hew 8N I him. bnt once an opponent e<fo Z allow I torn hu courage ooze, out of hi, dSbS I Jalmtme m one of the ontoider. I donbtedly ran a respectable race, u,d ThS ®1' deeds of late entitle him to some 5?® FearpB | albeit he has been coughing sliehtlv 011! I past week. TheDiieof 4nt W S I equine wonder his friends maintain I much doubt it. Pyrrhus, however I 1 I selectedfrectly foe wehts were I horse worth backing, not only for h2 1 poses, but with a fair chance of wh,68 I he has advanced in the market unlfflt!i5V?01r I accept 5 to 1 about him is recorded in W.n - I of foe day, and he has made st?h I ment since the laat autumn meeting of ' I that he cannot be otherwise thandMger?- 1 forthcoming meeting of foe V.IL0 Hfe I point to his three-year-old career " in sud? I their assertions that he is not in it. bt I according to his performances last vea'r m - I be considered out of foe Cup wifo I impost of 6st 121b. In the handicap wS? I " Aogur" he gare him fit 51b. and I domgs have certainly proved that he waTZS' 1 Uistifimpiacingthat weight opposite iK? I IBey do ray that he toe not yet done anyfiS I like a good gaUop at Flemington, and scmiX8 - I tain tnat if he were as good as his fZT maintain, Mr. Tait would send him abosS! 1 i The Pearl instead of in company with modeS I like Detective and Titania ; but I fancy Jfr S I knows what is best for his horse, and acta accmf I ingly. No matter what amount of work he I doing it is quite sufficient to satisfy me. J5 I if he does not run into a place for the CmTl I be greatly deceived. Hamlet nor any £ I three-year-old can have much of a chance,' foS I j no doubt Mr. Crozier'a colt is a "nailer," imtfal I j light weights of MisB Jessie and Lord of Iaime I j will enable them to perform wifo credit, tfeonpt I they may not win, and notwithstanding Hamlet'j I great name, I have seen sufficient of the Lord of I Linne to convince me that when the weights are I j on a low. scale, there is not more than a stone I 1 between him and foe crack, albeit I suppose it I j will be considered rank heresy to record eneh ah I opinion. Detective I cannot see in the hunt, but I I Rambler may figure more than respectably; yeti I | question his ability to gain a victory in a Mel- I J bourne Cup. Cleolite is well bred enough fa win I j any kind of race, and as she is. in mnch I condition than when she figured at Geelong she I I will, in all probability, perform in a corresponding I f degree ; she has had a good trial, and has been I backed during foe past week for lots of I I money ; but, of all outsiders, commend me to fas I next on the list, Aroma, who has been gg ' '' I well of late that X cannot help regarding her u I the best of the lot, and one well worth theinvefo I ment of fiver, notwithstanding the assertion of I another sporting oracle that she has Mt all her I I racing on the Curriyong mountains, and moreover I is not included in the thirteen modestly chosen by I the same party as having a chance for the great event. Panmure is said to be the real Simon I Pure of Sevior's two, but I doubt ; nevertheless I I am quite prepared to see him turn oat a good ' . I colt. I think X have named everything that has I the ghost of a show excepting Saladin, who, if as 8 fit as when he beat Snowdrift and others np- 8 country, must have an outside show, despite dl < that is written to the contrary ; bat of aD those . . 8 engaged it will be seen that I hold in greatest I esteem Glencoe, Ptrrhfs, Aeoca, Waeeioe,' , I Glbolttb, and Wusos's best, whicheyer that 1 may be, and at present I am inclined to favour 1 PI REH1JS, fl "m1 hlrw a 1 1 > , i and I A HUM A, I 