BALLARAT (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) - Thursday, Jan. 2 There was very little business doing in the share market to-day, and Band and Albion Consols and Reform had the most of it, Reform having had a considerable advance. St. George and Band had a little business at low rates Hand and Band were weak. Park were firmer. In other stocks there was very little change. The Reform Company have declared a dividend of 2s., and the Golden from one of 15s The manager of the Winter's Freehold Company reports " The north washdirt drive is dipping inst ; the wash being now below the bottom of the drive, the water is heavy. From what can be seen in the east drive, the old Hand and Band gutter will yet be found to the northwest of these workings. A bore will be put up in the north reef drive in the early part of next week. The erection of the beam engine is progressing satisfactorily ; the main beam, which weighs 32 tons, and the cylinder, weighing 14 tons, are both in working position, and the other portions of the machinery are ready for being hoisted into their places. The 20-inch plunger and draw lift just cast at the Phoenix Foundry., are on the ground, and preparations are being made for getting them into the shaft." A very nice sample of gold has been shown here to-day as having been obtained from the claim of the Lauriston Extended Company at Lauriston. The anniversary of the natal day of Scotland's great poet, Robert Burns, was duly celebrated last night at the Edinburgh Castle Hotel, where nearly a hundred gentlemen sat down to a table groaning under the weight of oatmeal cakes, bannocks, eingit sheep's heads, the " great chieftains of the puddin' race, and bottles of usquobagh, with which were interspersed bottles of colonial wine, for the benefit of those who found the whiskey too weak. Several guests, not Scotchmen, were also present. The mayor was in the chair, and a most enjoyable evening was spent, to which the shifting of the pages in an adjoining room contributed in no small degree. Mr. S. Deeble addressed the electors of Ballarat East last night at the Grapes Hotel, and was pretty well received. Mr. Joseph Jones decided last night to address the electors of Ballarat West en masse at the Alfred-hall on Friday night. Mr. Jones makes good headway wherever be goes. Mr. James Eddy has declared his intention of standing for Ballarat East. Mr G. F. Coleman, one of the candidates for Grenville, addressed the electors of Staffordshire Reef on Tuesday night, and was very well received. Mr. H. B. Chalmers has issued his address to the electors of Ballarat West. The weather has been intensely hot and sultry to-day. They have a ghost sensation up at Maryborough. "A tall figure in white" glides about in the orthodox way. " A blackfellow, who, says the Advertiser, had evidently been very much agitated about something of the kind, appeared before the Maryborough Police Court on Monday morning, and complained of the conduct of the ghost, but his worship (Mr. Joyce) said he could do nothing for him, and advised him to catch it in his narration of the ghost's vagaries, the poor blackfellow was so overcome with fear as to turn quite pale, and on finding the Court could afford him no protection, he seemed disappointed and lost in despair." 