NEWS OF THP WEEEl The Mends of the Rev. George Stonej house will be sorry *b Isam that he ia now lying ill in a very dangerooB 'condition, suffer ing from a serious attack of bronchitis. .- ?? .; ; On; Thursday ,' evening, July '20, ' Mr. Joseph Indford died suddenly at Unley.. Dr. Clindening gave . a certificate of death* from natural causes, and an inquest was accordingly deemed unnecessary. - . . ;Dr. Schomburgk has priegared two^cases of valuable, grasses and_ useful plants 'for the Northern Territory which Captain Sweet, ?' of the Gulnare, will take with him, ;. The grasses Include. the well-known Guinea grass, which growB so luxuriantly in tropical climates. ? : To-morrow; -Bermons -will be preached in the Primitive Methodist Church; Morphett strset, in aid bf the new parsonage, and oh Monday there will be tea and public meetings. An advertisement appears in' another column announcing the several services, ' With reference to the subject of irriga tion, which has, of late, been attracting atten tion here, we see it is reported in ;the Melbourne Telegraph: that Colonel Saukey is of opinion that irrigation, would not prove remunerative in these colonies, in consequence of the high price of labor. . - ? ., ... Mr. Wm. Linthwaite, of this city;, informs us that he intends sending about 300 Sultana vine cuttings to.Mr.' Rowe, blacksmith, at Mount Barker for distribution amongst agri culturists and' others ia' that locality, and that they will be given 'out about -the end of next week. '? _ . ' ' ' . ,' tf An- Old Victorian Digger' ,-iBUggesfe that the e^vernsaeut -could 'not do better to Tevive the drooping state of the colony than by offering substantial inducements to'- the Tele graph party, so boob as ^ their present under taking is finished, to engage in gold prospecting and digging in the Northern Territory. He says: '-?'A little money spent in this way would be far better than alienating to the Hon. Mr. Field ing's London Company 250,000 acres of land in exchange for 6,000 miserable coolies.' This : is « mattex of opinion, but we give bis suggestion for what it is worth. . : ? ' '' ? ' The prospectus of the Mount Gainbier Beet-Sugar Company (Limited) has been' pub- lished. It is. proposed to raise a capital ef £10,000, in £L shares. The soil and climate bf -portions of ' the South-East District have been shown to be exceedingly well adapted for tlip1 crrnwMi nf fanvsLT* bi^pi; ? And it is cnnfidentlv believed that' a. remunerative a.ad thriving beet-sugar^ factory may be established' at Mount Gambier. A number of active influential local gentlemen are promoters of the Company, and, judging from the enterprising manner in which the project has been taken' up in the district, it is hoped that the Company will be formed, and an attempt made to establish an industry, which promises to be so exceedingly usef uL A. meeting with, reference to the Land Question was held at' Saddleworth on Friday evening. We learn by telegram that aresolu-' tion was passed to the effect that all lands south of the 32nd parallel of latitude should be thrown open for agricultural selection, and sales by auction of land within tbat area be im-. mediately stopped. Messrs; Mann, M.P., and Ward, M.P., were present. Mr^ Mann's announcement of his acceptance of the Attor ney-GeneralBhip elicited warm - applause. He addressed the meeting, affirming- that his prin ciples on the land-question were uncbaaged, and that he should seek to carry out those, principles or resign office. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Ward for the action he had taken :with regard to the land at Booyoolee which had been advertised for sale. On Friday evening an interesting cere mony took place in the composing -100m of the Advertiser office, in the shape, of a pre sentation, by his : fellow-compositors of a a handsome writing-desk and album, to Mr. William Webb, who is about to commence business for himself. -The testimonial was ac companied by an address expressing esteem for his amiable qualities, regretting his departrure, aud wishing him prosperity in future fields of labor, feeling assured that he would gain that :by his honesty, integrity, amiability, and per severance, together with a thorough knowledge of business. . Mr. Webb made a few remarks in 'reply, expressing Mb thanks for the gift he had received, and assuring the donors that he should ever look back with pleasure to the time when he was associated with them. On Thursday evening, July ii), at the Congregational Church, Port, the Rev. Mr. Cox gave his highlyentertaininglectureentitled ' Notes and Experience of a Trip to England and the Continent during the Pranco-Prussian War.' The audience was not so numerous as could have been wished, owing doubtlessly to' the free train to Adelaide running that night, but those who were present were much pleased with the subject and the able maaner in which the rev. gent'eman treated it. The Mayor (fifc. JbhnFonnby) presided. During the evesingth^ choir rendered admirably some very choice selections of music— Mr. K. Cooke presiding at the harmonium with ability; and at the finale the same geDtleman sang with much taste ' Arm, arm, ye Brave.' Votes of thanks were: accorded to the lecturer, Chairman, and choir. On the platform were, besides the Rev. Mr. Hodge, the Rev. Mr. Henderson and Captain Bickers. The result of the collection was mode rate iu amount, and it is intended to be placed to the credit of the Church Building Fond. , The following memorial to the House of Assembly has been printed, and several copies have been distributed for signature : — 'To the Hon. the. House of Assembly in Par liament assembled. — The petition ef the under signed diggers and others interested ia the development of the gold- fields of South Aus tralia, humbly showeth that for many years , past there have been discoveries of . gold made in various parts of the colony, and which have been of themselves highly advantageous to tie country, and which warrant the belief that a more extended search would result in still more, valuable finds ; that there are large and un tried districts, both north andflcuth of existing gold-fields, and which, it is believed, present such features as would encourage a systematic search, for the precious metal ; that ths miniog population in this colony being entirely con fined to the poorer classes of the community, precludes the possibility of .their undertaking, . without assistance, the necessary search. Your petitioners therefore humbly pray your Hon orable House to, place a sum not exceeding £5,000 (say five thousand pounds) .upon the Estimates to carry oat this desirable object.' — Qawler Times. . .- . . ; .,- ,By the Aldinga bur files are extended as under :— Melbourne to July 18 ; New South Walesi Jul^ 14 ;'. Tasmania, Jnty 13. ? , We believe it is now understood that Mr. McMinn will not return to the -Northern Territory, '4s he -objects to the position the policy of the Government in the matter would place him in. . - On Tuesday evening, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, there y as a full ^attendance at the Norwood Town Hall, to wit inessjfir. BoanerV Panorama of -ihe iate War. TheExh^Itionwasiafeiwen attended:«3^Hec. torvOle on Wednesday night. . . -. ._,. ;_?..:. f;m *jSn: Wednesday night, daring- the in- -y tense JiaSknesg, Mr. H. I-. p'Halleran, of the NationalBank, Port, was driving a light buggy down the' Sotith-rbad, and - before' the : : least danger was anticipated he came into collision with one of Simms k Chapman's vans, . and the result was a narrow. escape' from a fatal acci dent. The boggy was broken, and the driver . thrown violently to ,the aground, where he re- -T ceived some severe kicks from ^the horse, which - was entangled with the harness. After a few BejBo&ds;: the wreck was cleajed away. Mr. O'Halloran was severely 'bruised, but he was fortunate in escaping so lightly. - The van was uninjured. ' ? - ? . The Hij&neg; Morning Herald says: — ^Loyers of oysters ; should pay an immediate visit to Clarke's fish' shop, in Market^street, where they will find such a specimen of the oyster as, we believe, has not been seen in Sydiiey' for /many yearsf-i-au importation from PortXincoln, in Sonth Australia. In size they about equal the oyster' Swkksh,' in oxh juvenile days, we found on the muddy banks of the Par ramatta. River ; but the lower _pr cup shell is much deeper, while the flavor is pronounced by connoibseurs to be equal to the best oysters met with in England. It ib worth considering whether they might not be naturalised in oar own waters. ' ? ?' '?''? ! ~: 'We 1 have bee^ requested to call special attention to advertisements in our : businef ? columns with respect, to the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society. A special meeting of the members of the Society is called for 4th August; to revise the rules, and tooonsider Mr. Sabine's motion respecting the alteration in the constitution 'of the Committee.' - Another ad vertisement gives particulars respecting the grand show of sheep, entires, poultry, &c.;, which is to be held on 31st August. The parti cular notice of intending exhibitors is drawn to the fact that the entries for the special prizes for rams — classes 1, 2, 3, and 4, will close at % o'clock on Monday, :31st July.-' On ,1st Sep tember — the day following the grand Show — the Annual Ploughing Match will be 'held on the West Park Lands, near Mils-End. 'How1 much gold,' asks the West * Coast. -Times,, 'has the Thames produced within the last two or three years ? Up to the Slat of March of this year, the gold exported fjom the Province of Auckland amounted to 383,042 oz., of the ' value of £1,297,655, the greater portion of which has' been the produce «f the Thames..,for .the abovenamed period. During ihe first 'quarter of the 'present year, 85,019 oz. of gold, pf-the, value of £292,417, were exported from Auckland, and during the last two months 87,000 .oz. have reached there from the Thames. Out of a piece of hill hind, of the .' extent ' of four acres, comprising the _^ Caledonian claim, gold to the value of £500,000 has been extracted, and the -claim, from Feb ruary last. to June 13, paid in dividenda the large sum of £343,200.' ??, . j . . . V , There is ' a singular rumor relative to brandy in cases, which, has recently made the rounds of the Port, and, .'despite all the acumen of Customs officers, it remained for the e^er active and vigilant' Water Police ±0. make the only discovery worth knowing about ..the affair. It appears that Eeveral of the over sea ships lately discharged at the Port have been short of brandy. In some instances two, three, and even five cases have' been missing. It was reasonable enough -to suppose if .the crews pilfered caigo of such a nature some would become intoxicated on the plunder, and therefore it was supposed to be the ?work 'of people in the docks in England, and for awhile the police were' thrown off . the soent. It appears one of the -water force was rowing past the Queen's Wharf a day or two back, and in the clear water saw a 'case sub merged. Be hooked it, and on drawing it to the surface, imagined by its weight it was a prize, but inspection showed it to be one of the brandy cases -which had caused such enquiry, and a little more search revealed another. The cases were carefully weighted with iron chain so as to -prevent them floating, but there were no X marks to- identify them with any .particular ship, though it is pretty evident they belonged to the missing lot. Subsequent enquiries have dissipated the idea that the robberies were committed in London,' and it is expected a day or iwo will throw more light on fee subject. An adjourned meeting of the licensed victuallers was held at the Freemasons' Tavera on Thursday evening, July 20. There was only a small attendance. Mr. D. Lithgow, who pre sided, stated that the deputation apppintedat the last meeting had waited upon the publicans with a view to securing tbeir support in selling beer at the uniform price of eigntpenee a pot, but they had met with opposition in several instances, ..and the deputation considered that they -would -not- be- able ,. to . carry the movement on with unanimity. The Chairman suggested that as they were not likely to succeed in raising the pace of beer it would be advisable to ask the brewers to reduce their prices. He considered they might easiiy reduce - their -prices 10 per cent.,, and he believed, if they did not do so,_ that a co operative brewery .would be established, for he knew one gentleman who had expressed his willingness to come forward with £500 to start such an establishment, and he would readily subscribe £100 towards such a movement. Such a brawery might, he thought, supply beer, at 10 per cent, lower than the brewers did at pre- 1 sent He combated the idea that the publicans ?*?? received 33 -per cent, profit on the sale of beer, as had been stated, and -said they barely cleared 12 per cent., out of which' they had to pay their rents and other large expenses. On the motion of Mr. Campion, it was resolved to rescind the former resolution ,tp.sell.,beei; at Sd. and it was then resolved, upon the. motion of. Mr. Campion, seconded by Mr. Denny, that a deputation consisting of. Messrs. Lithgow, Waltmann, Denny, and A. Hubble, wait.iipon the brewers -to advise with them -b t8 the price of beer generally. A- discussion . took place in reference to thesupplyofbeerintheIbaiTel,andjt . was generally complained- that the brewers did ? not supply the lull measure, and the deputa -f-istM in nraitinn- Tinnn aha hrafpers - Wen .re. quested to 'point this out with a View jtTre medying it, and also to ask them not to supply private families with- five gallon kegs of beer at the same price as they supplied the 'publicans. A vote -of thanks to the Press-, and Chairman terminated the proceedings. . . ,,-.-. A meeting of members of the. Hunt Club and' supporters of hunting was held, by the permission of. Mr. S. Barnard, at the office of the Horse Bazaar, Currie-street, tm-Thuisilay afternoon. - .The following reBolutidns iffere unanimously - agreed to by those, present,, and some of the most influential supporters of the Club, who were -unable to attend, had sent their concurrence therewith :— 1; .'.'That -the meetB of the hounds -be advertised, and that the request to the newspapers to Terrain from, reporting be withdrawn.'1 2. *' That any per son on applying for admission and tendering his member's subscription to the Hon. ^Secretary, be admitted a member of the Hunt Club.' 3\. * ' That the subscription of full membership be five guineas, and the privileges thereof -be — To hunt with the hoxutds free ?£ .capping ; to enter horses for , the hunt races,. . and ride thereat; to receive two free tickets , to the Grand Stand at the, hunt races, with right to purchase additional tickets for members of their family or party -attending the -races at half price ; and with no liability whatever beyond the amount of subscription.' 4. 'That- a sub scription of threeguineas shall qualifyasahuntiDg member of the Club; s to' hunt with the hounds free of capping, and torride atthe.h.unt;tace8, with no. liability whatever beyond the amount of. subscription.' 5.,;' That circulars of these \ reBolations be forwarded to all past, ?re|ent, T and probable future supporters of 'hunting. ' i An invitation has' been received from Mr. F. Ston-pjJ.F., of Mount Barker, for the ;-31ub to meet^at his. place on the ahn^ersay^oflthe Duke- of Edinburgh's Birthday, which; has beoome one of- our public holidays, Vhen he . promiseB a warm welcome and splendid country. Some other gentlemen, nearer town, to jwhom. the Club was largely indebtedlast season,have again offered meets at their place*. . :- -. The Clerks .of Parliament have sent . ontjcircnlarB to memhar*, iwnrrififf pg fhPTr- that the two Houses will meet for the dispatch of 'We are happjr^o^announce that Mr. . . Robert $tuckey, who met with so severe an iac ' _ cident ohihe/Balhannah .road sonie weeks ,»go, ? has so far recovered that on.; 'Saturday he' was able to drive through Adelaide in his carriage. \- The barometer on Monday' morning was at 29 3, which is a lower reading than' there haa been for -a considerable time.' Keports from the fort and Port Aogusta state 'that 'A very Lightide was experienced at those places. ;; _ The Pekina has brought a consignment . of twenty-four^ Saxony ratns, the whole of -which are in excellent order and condition, *and will .doubtless . forma valuable acquisition to the breeders of the province. ,-.... -. ,J ? ? ' , ByTth^,C^rong^;^;^!Haaoran, of ', the Bant, Port, has iipported^a cage of sparrows, ' with the intention of liberating, the, feathered stiangters at O'Halloran .Hill ; therefore it.is to be pleaded that cockpey Eportsmen andothers in search of a snap-shot may Abstain from anolesiing them in their new settlement. .- - : ' ' : .The thirteenth anni^ersay of .the .coin-' mencement of the South Australian Advertiser and Weekly ? Chroniele newspapers' was comme morated on iSaturday evening, 15 th July, when the employes on the establishment to the num ber of between 60 and 70 held a pheasant reunion in the 'Town Hall Refreshment Bhom. ' Sermons were preached in the Wesleyan Church, Pirie-street, on Sunday, July 16th, in aid of the Home Mission and Contingent Fund. The ministers officiating were the Revs. W. It. Sinks and Thos. James, each of whom delivered an able discpurse.' The congrega tions were large, and the collections realised a, fair amount. George Thorpe, the youth who had his skull fractured at Kensington on June 17, left the Hospital in a convalescent state on Tuesday, July 18. for some time after the accident he lay in a precarious 'Condition, and his recovery, was doubtful until about tiro weeks ago, when he became conscious, and gradually regained strength. The Coorong took away with her this trip to Melbourne Robert Burns, an entire that this colony can scarcely afford to lose, consider ing the many triumphs he has achieved, both in England and South Australia. He was im ported by Mr. Robert Smith some five years since when three years old, and is now in charge of Sir. Gardiner. On Tuesday afternoon, July 18, as a young man named Thomas Clarke was driving two horses attached to a dray loaded with stone, at Tusmore, the leader by some ireans knocked him down, and one of the wheels passed over his stomach. The sufferer was taken to the Hospital about midnight, but the full extent of the injuries received has not yet been ascertained. A very improbable rumor .reached us on Monday eveniag to the effect, that the Hen. J. Carr had resigned his position as Commis sioner of Public Works in consequence of dis agreement with his colleagues with respect to the Northern Territory. On making enquiry in the proper quarter we were informed that there was not one word of truth in the rumor. Perhaps ' the wish was father lo the thought.' A gentleman residing near Adelaide, in opening a truss of hay a day or two ago, dis : covered a box of matches in, the centre. This is an instance of the extreme carelessness of some smokers in the hay and harvest field. Fortu nately the matches were Bryant &. May's patent saftty, or the consequences might have been serious, as the ordinary lucifer would be very likely to ignite in some one of the .frequent handlings the hay received before reaching: the horse's rack. In onr list of men engaged by Mr, Patterson for the Northern Territory appears the name of S. Lazar. Mr. Samuel Lazar, late Manager of the Royal, writes to inform us that he believes this name was given as a practical joke, as he is the only person in the colony to whom it properly belongs. He also states that he has neither applied for nor received the exalted appointment of cook and laborer in the telegraph construction party. We printed the names as they were officially supplied to us. Samuel Stone, a carpenter lately in the employ of Air. Loughhead, was found dead on Thursday in the bush at German Flat, 18 or 20 miles from Afount Gambier, by a kangaroo hunter named Thomas Doughty. He had %een seen alive and well on Wednesday evening, but it appears he was subject to fits, and it is sup posed that be was seized by one of them when going home on Wednesday, and thus died from exposure. — Border Watch. On Friday morning, at 8 o'clock, off Corney Poiut, a man named Edward Perryman, aged 24, was knocked overboard from the Secret by the boom guy carrying him away. The master was at the wheel at the time, and rounded to and mauage 1 to grasp at the poor fellow's heels as he was sinking, but unfor tunately missed him, and he sank and did not rise again.. The vessel was kept about the neighborhood of the accident for some time. On Friday evening a meeting was held in the Temperance Hall in connection with the North Adelaide Band of Hope; Mr. G. New. man in the chair. Short addresses were given by Messrs. Cole, and Watkins. Several melodies were exceedingly welt sung by the young people. Miss Harriet Newman presiding at the harmonium. In the course of the evening the officers for the ensuing year were chosen, in cludiBg Mr. G. Newman as President, and Mr. : W. Watkins as.Tice-President.' Several persons had their names enrolled at the close as members. On Saturday afternoon a football match ?was piayed between \iia members of the Ade laide Club. There were 20 players, and the teams — pink v. blue — were under the respective captaincy of Messrs. H. F. Jackeon and,J. Masters. A couple of hours' excellent play re sulted in Higgins, Masters, and Cole securing each* goal for tbe blues, whilst T. BuTgan obtained one for the pinks. The weather was exceedingly fine, and there was a large atten dance of spectators. We understand it was finally arranged on Saturday that about 301 bullocks and 150 horses were to be dispatched without delay from Queensland to 1'ort Darwin. A suffi cient- force will then be available to convey all that is necessary for the completion of the line direct from Port Darwin without the necessity of a second journey. Some surprise is ex . pressed that the Roper is not to be used in the transmission of materials, as by this arrangement 200 miles pf land transport are added to the distance over which the mate rials are to be carried. ? ' iEgles,' in the Australasian, states that he has talked with an acquaintance of Tom Castro,, who claims to be Sir Roger Tichborne. This gentleman says that he never met a more stolid, ignorant, and unromantie person than the claimant. He was in the neighborhood ? when Castro, was married, and in such strait-' «ned circnmBtances was the bridegroom that the happy pair spent the honeymoon in the open bush, with no statelier shelter than a sheet of bark, ; ! An extraordinary work of art, according to the papers, is on view in Melbourne, and, as a specimen of skill and^jp =rseveiing industry,- it * is unique.1 It is a picture literally, but it is composed of nothing but native New Zealand ^ woods, of which no less than 4,000 pieces have been used, consisting of 19 different kinds. The subject is a -view of coast ssenery, wiih a full rigged ship under fall sail ; -and the whole has been arranged with most artis'ie taste. Thfe artist, Mr. Dry, states that he was four years . in the construction of Ms picture. ? ..-'-- ' We {Border Watdi) learn that Messrs!. Marrabel &, Son intend commencing boner: washing here in a few weeks. Having a. largfe quantity of bones in theb^jb, aftaSom&Uft.; requiring manure, .they do so 4n the fort in stance, principally for their own use. The ma- ' chine, wJiielrttras eirpected to fce&l;&e;&feVP;&rt; MacDonneli'.yesferday, will ^stosh iwith -horae-' power 15. *to'J8 ;cwL- -of bones .^per: day, i»ut should therelbe-ajniffioient demand, and bones offer, the Messrs; Marrabel will obtain steajm-;: pe ver, and go into the scheme on a more extSn.-^. sive scale. i . . .? . :?; r i -' . 'TThe jjaie of Monday brought up a Yeryl high' tide at Port, Adelaide. ..' On the1Peninr: sula : side, opposite the wharfs, the . houies were entirely surrounded by water, and at Qaeen'B Wharf the tide, at half-pant 5 o'&b; ik£ was washing .over the top. . The water a so covered the flats for a long.distance bsytad fKpsewater, and quite an unusual eight ~ was; to: be .seen in consequence on: the. train, nacriymg near the.' -Port Station, ^the app.earaiioein^lihe lsat-^named ; direction being that of & .vast jCaie. We understand, that very, trifling damage, was done. The .embankments sH ^tooil the- tisfc well, And no fears were at any-time entertain ad ? by the Portonians, although there has not he 3n so high a tide- since the last inundation. - ' [ - ' ?' By the Ooorong last trip Mr.-Gerrard' received a very fine English blood inare, bi ad* by Lord Exeter. Her iianle fis Oonevara, i-y Cotherstone, out of Duchess of Lorraine,' 3y, Pantaloon, granddam by CameL She' is sow in - foal fey Talk o' the TTi»s. During' the Mp t lie.: weather was very severe, and 'the sea broke -n 'board *& one time violently, knocking some timber about the mare, causing her great fright, which she has scarcely yet recovered from. Mr. Crabb, the veterinary surgeon, has been |in attendance, and states that the mare will soon; b'fe all right, A correspondent reminds us that some 18 months ago a Mr. Wiltshire made an offer to the Government to i un a mail between Port Darwin and Timor 'for the trifling sum of £30: per month. He thinks if this, offer had. been accepted the deplorable break-up of .the tele graph csnstrustion party would have been pre vented; and he asks whether _ now the Govern ment have made any arrangements for a regular mail between the two places. The ; question is certainly worth considering. Thirty pounds a month is not -a large sum, and the benefit of regular mail communication betwoeu the Northern Territory and Adelaide would pro Dably be worth the money. . . - ; Our Mintaro correspondent informs us that about 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning a fire broke out on the premises of -Mr. James Smith, farmer, of Fan-ell's ¥lit. About the time men tioned Mr. Smith .went into his, stable, a build ing with stone walls aud a straw roof; and ob served it on fire close to his racer, May Fly. Another horse was in the stable, &hd; he suc ceeded in saving both, but the building and all the harness were destroyed. The origin of the fire is a complete mystery. The dwelling-house is 60 or 70 yards away, and the wind was blowing rom the stable to the house. At a special meeting of the Presbytery of South Australia, held on July 18, a call from the Wallaroo Church to thfe Rev. William Davidson, of Clare, was ;laid on the table, and sustained. Commissioners from St. Andrew's' congregat'on, Adelaide, appeared in support of a petition for a ' moderation' in favor of the Kev. Jas. Henderson, Port Adelaide. It was agreed to grant the moderation, and the Rev. John Davidson (Chalmers Church), was ap pointed to preach in St. Andrew's, and ~ad vise such steps as the rules of the Church prescribe. We have received the following items respecting the 'state of the rivers : — a letter from Netley, July 12, says — ' The river here is still falling about the same rate as last week. Captain Sing of the steamer Jupiter,' reports a, slight rise at Bourke, which he left on the-oth.1'. A communication from Telfca, dated July 17,. reports — '* That the river had risen -five inches in the last week, and was still rising slowly.' From Toorale a correspondent writes on July 11 — ' The river has commenced rising again at. the rate of two inches in a day. It has risen thrse feet at Bouike and is still risinfr.' A letter dated Went worth, July 17,' has'the fol lowing— ' The report from Bourke states that the river is rising slowly, and is still navigable to that place.' On Sunday, July 16, anniversary ser vices in connection with the Primitive Metho dist Chapel, Unley Park, were held, the Rev. T. Jarrett officiating in the morning and even ing, and tbe Rev. HL Fenfcon iu the afternoon. There were good congregations. The services were continued on Monday evening by tea and public meetings, each of which was largely at tended. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. James Oat-=r, and addresses were given by the Rev. T. Jarrett, and Messrs. Chiles aod Yale. A statement respecting the Chapel was read, from which it appeared that the building originally cost about £250, and this had all been paid off excepting some £62, including disbursements for fittings, &c.; The proceeds of the present services amounted to £L2 12s. 6U, and this leaves the debt, in round numbers, at £50. The annual examination of Mr.: Cozens's school, at Teatree Gully, took place on Tuesday last. There was a laige attendance of pAvents and friends. After the examination - about 250 persons partook of a sumptuous tea, provided by Mrs. Cozens and the mothers of the pupils. As soon as the. tables were removed, , a literary and musical entertainment commenced, which was concluded at 10 o'clock by singing the National Anthem. 'Votes of. thanks to inr. and Miss Cozens for their painstaking and. zealous interest in the young were accorded with vociferous applause. The following is an extract from Mr. Cozen's.report : — 'During the year we' have enrolled 115 day pupils, and 29 night scholars, making a total of 144. About 80 scholars are now present for examination in the various elementary branches of education, .vizi,' reading, writing, arithmetic, grammar, geo graphy, history, &c.;' — Cominunieated. ? \ A crowd assembled in King William street on Monday morning— Mr. Patterson, the Assistant-Kngineer, having announced that he would at that time attend at the new Post office to select men for the- telegraph 'con- struction party, which is about to be sent to Port Oarwin. So eager were the applicants to have an interview with Mr. Patterson fliaV the' presence of one or two -policemen was- ? considered necessary to keep order. Mr. Patterson held a .large 'levee, and from the appearance of ? many of the appli cants it seemed that he would have io difficulty in enrolling a party of inen well-suited rf or the work required. Th-re were 525 personal ? appli cants, in addition to numerous written applica tions, aud Mr. Pattereon intended to make his selection on Monday night. It is understood that Mr. Patterson will act under Mr: Todd, to whom the whole management of =ihe telegraph has been given. ? '[' ? ' ' - ; - ?-'? : ': '? ? | Aeadand fatal accident -.happened on Sunday afternoon, July 9, on the River Bar won, about 200; yards from Messrs. Brearley'e tanr neries, near-Geelong. Three sonsof one of the Messre. Brearley, and a fourth youth named George Dean, who was a cousin of theirs,- went onion the river in a boat shortly after iniddayi for ihe purpose of shooting wild duck.- When pushing off from the bank Joseph- Brearley^ one of the party, took up a loaded gun from the bottom of the boat, and was lay ing it across two of the seats, when it went off, and lodged tbe conl tents, a. heavy charge of duck-shot, in Dean's knee. The unfortunate- --youth- could- Hot have been more than ' a foot - ifrom - the muzzle of the gun, and -the charge smashed {the bone, aud wounded. Ihe, principal blood 'vessels! Profuse haemorrhage at occ? took place, and all speed was made to Mr. Sharp Brearley5^ house} where the- sdfferer was landed, and » handkerj chief tied - tightly above ihe knee. *' -&.? buggy was then prepared, and Dean wad wrapped iij a ing and driven to the Jiospital with all speed; Unhappily, no ' one appeared to .have -had the eUghtest idea of how. to stay the 'Meed- ing, and the -consequence was that -? when the poor lad reached the- hospital -he was nearly drained of blood, and lwbs cold ah( pulseless. Mr. Eeid stopped -the hsemorrhage, -but it was too late, dor the: poor Isuffere! never irallied, and expired at 20 ininutesypasi .'is-xoii It ftmf^-sXSI^j^t^Ei MqUriiyiiheldi Y»n Mnnflay, -mil .jfhtSw facts navingl)eenjdB! posed to, a verdict of accidental death was emanate from the'9Fary in reference to the in xsiutionsusevof firearms! 'but rthey Reclined to , ?add ianything tpi: ihe 'simple yerdiefc.'; ]Aa %- \- curious oeincidence it may be etated that a little girl, a cousin of the deceased, was taken' into the hospital at the same time as himself, having had her arm broken by falling from -a '8ee-Ba.w.—Awiralasian. '. , -,., V:The fdllo'wing paragraph froni : the. Uiistralasian, referring to a lady who is well ; known in Adelaide — the wife of a gentleman, who is 'better known still — will be read with, ^inteVest :-^'Mr. andMrS. T. P. Hill gave their readings, as announced, on the nights of Mon day, Tnesday, and 'Wednesday, at the Town' Hall- ii-^the upper- room. ' Mrs. Hai made ah . undoubted success in her delivery of the humoi- , oub selections; For, after' the first trepidation natural to&debtit; had been' overcome; ehegave -herself completely up to the infiuende arising' out of the scebe described. -Her personation: of r *he^ respective characters of Sairey Gamp and Batsy Piig^ was' -graphic and- life-like, without, being-in the leatt exaggerated. Mrs. -SOU fjias , great facial -mobility -and much power in^th'e' direction ef vocal inflexion, ;fecd a -very^ little' practice in public, bo as to disciplmeher powers to thorBquirements-irf drying acausticconditibns, will enable her toclaim the' petition of being .» popular favorite.' Besides- the selections -from Dickens, «he took part:in -some «cenes-from. 'A» Yon. lake It' iand the* ^Honeymoonf- ^and: proved herself to po'ssess very much- of that -quality whibh helps to euccess in elegant -comedy. Altogether, -Mrs; Hill promises to be 'a valuable acquisition to' the limited list of those who contribute to the intellectual enjoy- ' ? ment of the public:' There was a very good attendance at the Royal Horse Bazaar in CurrienBtreet, on, Wednesday afternoon, July 19, but the bidding was very . slow, and out of eix or seven. weU knowa hunters put up only one was sold. . This was Mr. G. Baker's Whitefoot, the . steeple chaser, which changed hands at, £40 10s.. Murkpa.and Freedom, two very good jumpers, the property of Mr. W. P. Auld, were drawn, as were also Wantaway {a promising .^plt by Conrad) and Stride, belonging to Mr. G. Baker, and Jewell & Nichplls's Cupbearer, -for higher prices. Several very fair saddle and harness horses were sold at various -prices, but, as before stated, the bidding was very dull Mr. Bar-' nard has fitted up his bazaar very nicely. The main building is more than 1Q0 feet long, and of proportionate width, affording ample accom modation for vehicles on either side, and buyers also. About the centre is erected a bar, similar to that used by the police for testing, when necessary, the jumping capabilities of animals, and this was found to.^nswer very well indeed ? on Wednesday. A . wing affords accommoda tion for 20 horses, including loose boxes for racei s and other horses. - Mr, Bainord informs |U.s that, when the improvements are completed, there will be room, for from 35 to 40 horses. Mr. C. G. Goslin, who has had considerable expe rience with regard to horses, has, charge of this, department. . ;. ????.,.-,.? It appears by the following paragraph from the Fiji Times of the 10th June that the new Government of which our late fellowr citizen, Mr. Sagar* is a member, meets with opposition in some quarters,- and serious com plications are likely to arise :— 'The Com mittee appointed by the white residents of Levuka on the 5th instant, to consider the present political position of foreign resident's iu Fiji, and report thereon, held their first meeting i.t the reading-room on Wednesday evening. There was a full attendance of the Committee, and the discussions were animated. We report progress : — —'That Messrs. Rogalsky, L'Estage, Smith, and Mantoh be appointed to draw up a protest against the proceedings taken on Monday by four Europeans taking upon themselves the government of these islands, and having the same registered.' 'We. are of opinion that it is absolutely necessary we should 'have some form of government, and acknowledge that an - amalgamation of both, natives aud whites is desirable. But, at the same time, we do not acknowledge the i ominations made by Cakobau, and will not recognise the same.' The Com mittee thought it advisable that a copy of the Bau Constitution should be obtained, and a Hub-Committee having been appointed to pro cure it, the meeting adjourned.' At the second half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Meat-preserving Company, the Directors were enabled to present a satisfactory report. The profit and loss account shows a credit balance of £961 13s. 10i.-^a sum suffi ciently large to pay a handsome dividend. This, however, the Directors did not recom mend, as a large proportion of the shipments of maat had not yet been realised. In esti mating the value of meat and tallow, any fall in price that may take place has been 'pro vided for. Had the balance been made, for the past six months only a much larger profit would have been shown, as during the first; six* months the Company worked at a loss from many causes, chiefly owing to the un avoidable delay occasioned in carrying out the improvements in the works during that period. During ' the' past half-year the Company has preserved nearly one million pounds of meat, whilst during tbe, previous half the quantity was only 367,606 lbs!. The expediency of re moving the works, a measure proposed at the previous half-yearly meeting, was discussed, as was also that of effecting a change in ' the method of soldering the tins, which practically involves an. alteration in the plan of preserving the meat. 'These and other matters were ulti mately remitted to the Directors, and the re port was adopted without alteration. — Austral-- asian. ; ?''..!.'. .. ': A warning to those who have a fond ness for pork comes from New South Wales. The Sydney Morning -Herald says : — ''We are scarcely quit of the Amphitoma, when our attention is called to another 'worm, A gentle man -at Richmond, in killing a pig, discovered that the kidney was alive with worms, and hav ing noticed the aptitude of Mr, Wm. Morris for such investigations, he forwarded the substance to him for microscopical examination. Theso. worms are: about l£ ; inches long, 'bisexual, the male being somewhat smaller than the female ; the intestinal «anal, of a ponderous length, be ing full of eggs in an early -stage of develop-, ment. . According to the indications presented,' this worm belongs to- the- order Nctrwtoidea, and the Strongylidee^— it is found both free and encystate in the fat surrounding the kidney. The free eggs in 'the encystate, as might be sup posed, are further developed in those found in the body of the worm. ^ From -what has been observed it is not unreasonable to infer thit this- worm' may turn out to. be the mature TrickinaSpiralis, so long unsuccessfully sought for by Zenker, Leuchart, and Kuchenmeister, it being, in -the state they found it, unsexual, without *ggs of course; - and possessed of no means ef making its way through the' muscle fibre in which it was found,-'-' ??-?'.??.: -- ' s .-. A Wellington (New Zealand) paper of -4he-.29th May tells *he following 'ghost story : — A few eveningg ago a young lady who occupies the same sleeping apartment, but not the same bed,: with a- younger sister, had retired to rest shortly before midnight. The younger sister had been iasleep for : some time. 1 Tae elder sister's bed stood in front of a window, at some little distance from it; a chair 'stood between ?the bed and the window. The young lady was lying on her side,- with her 'face to the window, on* the- point «f .dropping off to sleep, and, as .she avers, without the. remotest thought «f ghost or goblin crossing, -her- mind, when suddenly ? she hecame : aware of: something like ? a dim ' shadow-' -being cast ' across ' ?lier ^eyes-; she -.- started, r and : turned quickly, round lo -find herself confronted by- a tall gentleman, dressed in black coat- and trousers, wearing a, white waistcoat with black ? spots,' -and gloves on his hands, half leaning over her. His figure and features .were «learly limned against the window, and she instantly recognised the face, of b: gentleman formerly a ra^dent-oi; Wellington; debeased some- twelve aionihsor&o; 'Her hwk was only momentary, . -. i r.-i 1 '??.:?.-.-?-. --- - . c /-.'?; ; : .:.:'/ .?!'' -^i - ?;? o 'i-. :'? : ? .;: = -. i.J? , i . '~- v. ? ?_? ?.-.''?. a-. rji\rr '. . . :': ij-.ai- .;:i -n.y--. --; ? . L;i.i '??? ?.^.n^ jcrflamed_j3epe&tedly;_ toUier-idster, JEhs_af ter some little time awoke. The ghost disap peared 'at !the first 'Boxnd 6f hervoicei: and she: iwas -too' much'Bgitated-jfco observeiffhiotiWay; it fjrfint. . -The younger : ^BUter a*ked what was Vthe, matter ; ,the elder sister Replied 'by de^' siring her to come into ? the o' her bed,' and ' She' ''??'. would -tell ' theV '-'cause1 of her ! trouble1 in ?- the morning; Having laid down besid* lier ihe - younger sister ; continued £o jpress the *lder with questions as tor what she- h^djeen or heard,^at rlast asking 'her whether, she: had not seen a man' in 'the yoom. To ' this the elder replied {hat she had; jwhW: the'' younger re ?joinea, ''Then I'kaow who it was; itwa^Mr. '-r—jn mentioning the name of. &b; very man wbom her sister had seen. Much surprisedj the elder .asked, ' Did you .see , him too, then ?'' **Np,'*' said 'the younger ? ' tut' while T waa asleep the impression was Irarne vividly on my mind 'that he was in the 'room;n :jOh';being subsequently questioned how. she cams tOLthiak that the party. she named was in the room, she. said fihe tsould not, tell, and had not. thought of himhefore since his death; but she seemed to know intuitively that he, was present, without feeling' the alarm' that was esMbited^by her gjater. .'_'? .'? ' ?-?-.- ' ???. '-;?--??'' ? ? - ?- ??' _? ?? rckjn Monday eveningj Jnly 17, zan «n tertainment of *n: imposing character in the *t. Mary'a Domioan KJbnvent. Adelaide, in the nature ' of .private- -theatrical, was 'giyen by Ihe. pupils* It 'corisi^tie^i0? the. rtra^edy of -'' Douglas,' ' ' and' a'. iome'dy' enticed' ' ApOay After th!e Fafr.' The children.'thiughi (Borne of them were very you^fg,-» went through their Tespecti.vd.parts with an ease and ability, that to say thp least of it, astonished -the spec tators. Amongst those who were. considered to have specially distinguished themselves were ^Miss Fitisgerald in the character of 'Lady Randolph, Miss Condon as' Old Norval, and. Miss Human as Young Norval. . In the muueal department, Miss Solomon Bhowed great powers -of execution; Miss Fitzgerald, whose talents were the most taxed throughout the piece,1 sustained her character to the close with re markable ability, while of Miss Harman, it might be said that her acting and elocution were worthy of » professional. In the comedy, Miss Condon in the character of Old Fidget]displayed extraordinary talent, evidencing a. powerful memory that seemed to have' been well arid' carefully trained for the occasion. Miss Wan stall in the capacity of man servant to Old Fidget (although simply a child), went through her portion of the performance in a manner that -elicited from the audience repeated ap plause. ' MissT. Marshall, who ably assumed a variety of characters, the Misses Ryan, the one as French songstress, the other as female servant to Old Fidget, and Miss Wearing -as Theatrical . Manageress, acquitted Themselves most creditably. ' Those who were witnesses of the demeanor of the pupils of St. Mary's agreed in saying that the nuns of St. Dominic understand whatismeantby a liberal and finished education. .Immediately after the play, a supper was provided in the adjoining hall, to which about 90 of the visitors sat down. Amongst those 'present were— Bishop Sheil, the Mayor and Mayoress, Mr. Justice Wearing and Mrs. Wearing, Drs. Gunson, Butler, and DaviBj Mrs. Butler,- and Hiss iucis, Mr. and Mrs. . Cullen, Mrs. and Miss Driffield, - Mr. Solomon and family, Mrs. Sheridan, Mr.; and Mrs. Hay man, Mrs. and Miss Lucas, Mr. Egau, Mr. arid-Mrs. Church, and several of the city and- country clergymen. All seemed to -have thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment, and left apparently much pleased and impressed with the importance of the Dominican Institu tion.— Cimmunicated. His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Thursday at which all the Ministers were present except the Hon. the Treasurer. The Committee of the Jewish concerts, recently held, have handed over £77 9a. lid., being the net proceeds, towards liquidating the debt on. the Synagogue.. Our Mannum correspondent, writing on the 18th July, says: — 'The river is again rising above its banks, and we are beginning to anticipate some of the inconveniences of the last flood.' ? Writing again on the 19thj our correspondent states : — ' Since writing the above the river has risen more than eighteen inches, and a further, rise is expected. Another foot above the present level will cause an almost total cessation of business in the shipwright trade.' ' : To those engaged in meat preserving, the -following extract from a letter received per last English mail by Messrs. Dalmahoy Camp bell & Co., of Melbourne, from an old Austral lian squatter, and published in the Argus, will be encouraging, as showing that the demiad for our beef and mutton in the home market: is likely to be lasting and ample: — ''Cattle are verry high here, and graziers say meat will hold its price. A fortnight ago. at Market :Har boro' Fair, some store cattle sold as high as £34 and £36 per head, and, the aver age of the sales were from £22 to £28 per head for well-bred cattle, Welsh and' Scotch were lower, say from £15 to £18 ; these cattle are animals that would hardly be looked at Sin your market, and would at the outside make 50a. to GOs. in 1869, when I was there; The tinned meit still commands a ready sale, as well as the * extract-,' and my informant, whois a grocer in a large way in Leicester, sells a'large quantity amongst the manufacturing people and operatives of the town. Woollen manufactures^ elastic web, boot and shoe trades are the chief ar deles of manufacture, and the population, by the census'of ..this year approaches 90,000 souls. Should the prine of meat continue to keep up, I ' think we may fairly reckon that our tinned meat will get such a hold on the. market that it will be difficult to shake it off, and the graziers and farmers here are frightened at the name of Australian meat, as they think it sure to bring down prices; but it is quite ft, mistake; the* people that buy our meat would go without, because they cannot i. afford to, give such:high prices, as are. current ' now in England for the meat in the butchers' shops ; therefore the two classes do not clash.' The following is an extract from 'the thirteenth annual report of the Queen Insur ance Company of Liverpool and London, of whichr Mr. Jessup' is the Adelaide a;ent : — Fire Branch; :— The premiums, less reinsurances, for the year ending 3 1st December, 1870, amounted to £139,809 ; the losses paid and out standing are £86;953, or 62.2 per cent. Life ; Branch.-— ^Propesals were made to the office for assurances to' the extend of £183,185, of which, proposals for .£30,110 -were declined, and- proposals, for -£20,570 were Sot pro-: ceeded: with, and po'icies were completed and ; issued for £132,505, yielding ^in new' pre miums £3,982 193. 8 i. At the oloso of 1859 the accumulation fund stood at £114,633, Ie3s cash bonusesand surrender values, saigM^SlU,^*, while after deduction of all c aims and expenses there hasbeenarlded.-a sum equal to 47 per .cent, of the net premiums ''received, -jiz., £l7,-398, making the accumulated fund now s i and at £129?132,-which sum is equal to- 48 8 per cent.' of 'theientire net premiums received on every policy. -since, the. .formation of the company. Funds and Securities. — Authorised, capital, £2,000,000 ; subscribed capital, £1,7.98,000 ; capital paid up,'£l9l;i72V£re inSuranbe're-' serve fund, £86,928 ; life 'assurance accumuH-' tion fund, .£129,132;' annuity fund £7,880.' The investments, are — On -real property ofi-4h]ei company, £127,183; , advance on landed ^e9Uli ties and real estate, {'£120,773;.' .jinveBlied,. in '3 per cent, consols t£5,00J stock), '£4,600!; in. securittes'8a.nlctionedrby;Acts'of Parliament, viz., in the bonds of ljcai boitrda and corpora tions, ; and of ithe Mersey tDocks:and Harbor - fioard( £29,272 ; in United States. rGovernment bonds, $36,366 ; . in Canadian .Government bonds - and stock, £30,500 i in Alabama -five 'per' cent ' Bonds,- £969-, in Colonial city- bonds (Melbourne and Geelong), 457,14 ) ;. advanced on the value of the Company's life polieies,*££O^7;25 ; on per- - sonal security in connectioa with Jife policiss, , £1,643 ; on- mortgage, Ae.,--of-feversions -and life interests, £6,013 ; short loans on xailwar, &c;, -stock and shares', with not less' lhan 15 per cent, margin, ;i£22,Q30 ; foreign .Government deposits, »iJls641s cash *tJ-ankersr £41,289; balances due by branches and agents, £23,373 ; I accrued interest and -^premiums *h' which th6 daysof grace had not expired, ^H,38av^ ;'' ' : , 1*. , !: -:..-.;' -..'?' -i '- 5 ? .-i-'j* :-.' ..1. - - ? ' -e ?: ' :' ? ?-? ;;--tt j '.: .-?«./'-?' -?'.;?. ...f ?? ' '??. 