TES PARISIAN FRESS AND THE WAR OF 1870. (BT OUB LONDON COKIIESF-ONDENT ) v When the judgment of posterity comes to "be pronounced on the war of 1870, between , Trance and Germany, the impartial voice of all honest mon will come to at least «ne conclusion with tolerable unanimity, ihat¡ more than to any other cause, the war' was duo to the Parisian press-) that- press which was the ripe product ?of 20 years of Imperialism. It may bo 'said, indeed, that the press is but tho «xponent of the public feeling of the day, and that it is not fair to chargo it with any individual responsibility so long as it dis- charges its function of truly and honestly representing the voice of the people. Such a plea would acquit the journals of Paris only, at the expense of the good sense of the whole French nation. If it is true that such newspapers as Ftgaro, Le Gaulois, the Paris Journal, &c;, can bo taken as real representatives of the French mind at the period of the outbreak of the war, then, in- deed, the corruption of society had reached a point at which war could be the only purgo and cure. The ehamelessness, the mendacity, the ignorance, the self-conceit, the childish- ness, the many unwholesome and unlovely traits, which were exhibited during the war, by the organs of public opinion in the French capital, were indeed so stupendous that no- thing less than such a flail as Bismarck carried could serve to bring back such a people to their right state. So far, this war, with all its horrors, may be even the best thing which ever happened for France, if it should lead to the purification of the public mind, to the extinction of Chauvinisme, and the chasing away of the numerous brood of foul and ugly monsters who have been battening upon the heart of fair France. If it be true, as, Wordsworth boldly says, that " God's most perfect instrument For working out a pure intent Is man arrayed for mutual slaughter, And carnage is his daughter," then the impurity was great indeed which needed so severe a chastening. For the present, without going any deeper, into the causes of the corruption which pro- duced the Second Empire, which, again, pro- duced the Parisian press, let us confine our selves to a study of the principal features of that monstrous institution which was at once the fruit and tho root of the rule of the Third Napoleon. We shall be greatly assisted in this research by a very clever but bitter little book, by a Fronchman, Emile Leclerq, called L'Esprit Parisien Produit du Régime Im- perial. It is tho most skilful and truest dis- section of the prevailing vices of the French people which we have ever seen, and in its rage against the profligacy of the Parisian humour, the author rises sometimes to tho dignity of a Juvenal. Tracing the growth of the Imperialistic spirit in France up to its springs, the satirist shows how from the days of the First Empire was born that movement of evil humours which finally rose to that great imposthume, the Paris of 1870. The Chauvinistes, who began by cover- ing themselves with the incense of vic- tory, became drunk with the notion of their own great superiority. "They cried to all the echoes of the universe that they were the first nation, the nation par excellence ; that France was the vast re- servoir, and that Paris was the brain of human intelligence. Thus, gradually debauching itself by its insensate vanity, and by vanity becoming more and more steeped in ig- norance, Paris found itself at the period when General Prim announced to the world that Spain had chosen a cadet of the House of Hohenzollern for king. The news itself ought not to have been startling to the French Government ; for, as it is now known through the publication of tho secret correspondence found at St. Cloud, Prim had announced his intention of seeking a king in this direction nearly 18 months before. But the Im- perial régime had arrived at a crisis in its existence when it was necessary to give a fillip to its popularity. The Plebiscite had yielded, in spite of the zeal of the prefects, far too many Noes. Paris wanted a new sensation. She was blasée, enervated with pleasure. So the press raised a universal shout of rage against the Hohenzollern can. didaturo. A member of the Prussian Royal family King of Spain ! Never ! A cousin of the conqueror of Sadowa established at Madrid 1 Halle la ' Bismarck should know at last that he had overstepped his mark "La Prance jamais-jamais ne permettra . . . , A nous les Zouaves et les Turcos '' France required that the Hohenzollern should be withdrawn, and the Hohenzollern was withdrawn. So ended at once the project attributed to the haughty William of re- establishing tho ompire of Charles the Fifth. Bat Chauvinism, which saw itself victorious, , instead of being content, only raged the more. " Let tho King of Prussia give guar- antees that ho will never again put a Hoben rollern on the throne of Spain." But the King of Prussia replied to M. Bonedetti by turning his back upon him, in tho promenade at Ems. Then did Gramont, and Ollivier the light-hearted, and Leboeuf the ever ready, declare war. Then began the Paris press to give us that specimen of the spirit of the centre of the universe, of the capital of society, the brain of intelligence, which for six months mado France at once tho laughing, stock and tho despair of even the most friendly nations. Figaro led off in proper theatrical stylo, with a preludo headed "La Querré," in which it asked ablessing, upon its bended knees-the bended knees of M. do \- Villemessant !-from heaven upon the arms of France. Such a mass of absurdity, blas- phemy, wild fury, and ignorance was a fitting overture to the grim farco which began on the 17th of July. It is impossible to give at full length this most remarkable article, which commenced with-" The drum beats, tho clarion sounds ; it is war"-and ends with an appeal to God which is surely inimitable as a i work of man :-" Figaro, holding with its left hand the banner of France, torn by the bullets of the foreigner a glorious rag-places one kneo upon earth, and making tho sign of the cross, it says :-' My God ! give tho victory to your children.' And ainco liberty cannot germinate except ia a seed-bod of blood, lot that blood be shod, and let these children of labour [the Zouaves and tho Turcos, bien entendu] return victorious, to tho end that in 1 their horny hands the hammer may chant again tho hymn [»tcZowcie] of labour, that tho anvil now dumb may awaken, and that song may resound in the work-shop Í In the name of the Fathor, the Son, and the Holy ' Ghost. So may it bo." Such a grace was worthy of the repast to follow. Whon Figaro itself could take to praying, what portents could we not expect to seo in Franco? From this date tho papera took to steady lying, of tho sort which tho French call "accentuated," with a devotion; n F recklessness, an ingenuity, a naïveté, and a trust in their readers, which form & picture of " L'Esprit Parision" for tho world to marvel at for ever. The throo foremost ' in the race of invontion wero Figaro, the Gaulois, and the Paris Journal, though the Public, tho Constitutionnel, the Soir, and the Pays were not far bohind. The most curious and interesting of these efforts of tho Parisian imagination wero those which woro aimed at showing that the Germans were already ulled withterroratthe prospect of war, and that their armies were in a hopeless state of undiscipline and disorganisation, besides being numeri- cally inferior to tho French. On tho 24th of July, a correspondent of Figaro writes from the frontier .that "there does not exist an army more imperfectly organised in respect to its commissariat than the Prussian. By reason of this vice" in its or- ganisation, and os a consequence also of tbo prevailing drought, the Prussian troops here have not more than seven or eight days' pro- visions." On the contrary, the French army was at this time, on the same authority, in a perfect state, and Figaro renders complete homage to Marshal Lebouf's talents for or ganisation. On the 30th of July, the Paris Journal writes :-" It is not 15 days since the war was declared, and already Prussia is famished. No more commerce, no more industry, no more means of living. The Landwehr sees nothing already but rapine, requisitions, violence." Let it be remarked en passant, as a proof of the exquisite know ledge of the Paris Journal on tho subject that the Landwehr were at this time still at their own homes. About the same date, the Gaulo¡3 recites "un mol historique," which was uttered at St. Cloud " par un personage des plus Iiaut places ;"-" This war of 1870, like that of 1859, will be conducted tambour battant. The Emperor, who heard this) smiled." The saintly Univers itself, not to be behind the rest, chants at this period the Spaitan austerity with which Napoleon III se va t'en guerre. " To make war properly," that distinguished hero is reported to have said, " it is necessary to make it en sous lieu- tenant." Two canteens were only what would bo required to convey tho Imperial baggage. Wo heard, a fow days later, of these two can- teens, and what the French soldiers them solves said of them between the dates of Au- gust 14 and September 1. Another journal spoaks of that monster of lying and deceit, Bismarck, and his largesses to his agents at Vienna and at London. " Mentez, mentez ! 1\ enrestera toujours quelque chose /"-such was tho word given to the Bismarckiaa agents. On tho other hand, nothing but tho pure truth did the Pari- sions use. Still from time to time it was observed that a certain vague inquietude oppressed the public mind. To set this at rest, Figaro came out with an olaborate article on the 27th July, declaring that in all respects-in organisation, in arms, in morale, in equipment-the Prussians were horribly inferior to the French. As for tho mitrail- leuse, it would "kill the war in the first battle." The generals of the Empire-the M'Mahons, the Bazaine», the Bourbakis had won their posts on the field of battle, and were not like those faineant princes of Germany. 5" Upon the flag of their soldiers were inscribed, in letters of gold, by the side of valour and discipline, those cabalistic words which retraced the history of the past, and which are th As to the choice of Marshal Lebamf for the Emperor's lieutenant, it was cordially welcomed by the entire army, " which knew that it was to him would come a great part of the victory which he had prepared in ad- ' vanee." The OatUois wrote that the expense of the war already exceeded 25 millions of francs a day to the Prussians, and that as to commercial affairs there reigned throughout the country " «n veritable cataclysme." All this time Paris, assured of victory, was crying to be led to Berlin, and " allonging and ¡ marchonging" at the top of its voico. They had had it, that German Rhine, and where' the fathers had passed tho sons would follow. As for the unfortunate William, he was devoted by the Paris Journal to the following extraordinary fates : " A la malediction dos mirai ; A la reprobation des philosophes ; A la haine des peuples ; A Ia colore dos financiers." Surely no anathema could be more terrible. On the 31st of July, the Paris Journal re- ports that the French arsenals are over-' flowing with stores of all kinds, and this after arming 123,000 volunteers and 400,000 gardes mobiles. Confiding in these happy prepara-' tions, Paris was all enthusiasm and con- fidence. It danced, it sang, it made calem- bours on Bismarck, and counted the days which it would toke its brave Tarcos to' reach Berlin. On the 1st of August there began to appear a little impatience at tho in- activity of those sublime children of civili- sation. The Paris Journal gives voice to these murmurs :-.' The absence of news oppresses us ; the want of victories famishes us. What is passing? When will they ad- vance? We shall never be at Berlin on tho 15th of August !. . . One does not doubt that this inaction has an aim-that we cannot be conquered ; it is that we may economise our mon, that we wait for the moment ; bat what joy to leam that the Prussian army is defeated, ' and that1 we aro pursuing it, l'epée dans les mains !" The same paper has an article de. scriptive of the physiology of the German raco, to show how easy was the victory over these barbarians, "These German bodies, made up of beer and potatoes, are soft and odorous. The perfume is curious ; it is a mix- ture of the roots of box and black radishes ; only the aristocracy smell of salt pork. Like all that comes out of humidity, the Gorman race pullulates (pullule-tho word is untams lateable). A woman who has only 14 children is accused of barrenness. Germany infests tho entire universe. In London, the Prus. sians have invaded the city; wo find them wine-merchants at Bordeaux, joiners' or sweepers at Paris." On the same day while this generous and truthful analysis of the German character was appearing in Paris, the Prince Imperial was undergoing his famous baptism of fire at Saarbruck. In anti- cipation of the victories to como tho journals were assuring the public that nothing was less to be feared than a defeat occasioned by sur.' prise, for "our admirable corps of éclaireurs were probing the country everywhere in ad- vance of tho soldiers." Figaro had this re. markablo paragraph :-" Does one know that we have in our army the most marvellous body of éclaireurs which there are in Europe, and that the least of these trappers could give odds to Leather-stocking himself ?" And further on-"The French Administration has on its side a service of spies perfectly organised." Meanwhile the ball opened, and history began to make itself. Let us see how the various incidents of the first stage of the' campaign strike tho manly and intelligent organs of public opinion in Paris, The ridi- culous despatch from the Emperor an-¡ nouncing the taking of Saarbruck. and the weeping of the soldiers upon seeing the' Prince Imperial so calm, was a sobor and commonplace historical document compared to some of the comments of the Paris press on that great occasion. The first public telegram announced to the Parisians that " a great victory bad been obtained at Saarbruck. The, division Frossard had culbuté et mitraillé three Prussian divisions" (it was half a battalion of the 40th Prussian infantry). ' ' At this hour, " wrote the reporter of the Gaulois, a paper, which was afterwards indignant with tho Prussians for . tho bombardment of open towns, " Saarbruck is no moro than a heap of cinders." The Paris Journal, in an ecstacyy cries, " It has commenced, thon, the revenge for 1814 and 1815. Saarbruck is ours, Saar- bruck has again become French territory.'* 'Another patriotic reporter describes the re- treat of the Prussians towards the Rhino. At this time commenced that singular series of canards (with what aim it is impossible to, know, except that it was necessary to toll the Parisians that their enemies were feeble, or sick, or mad, to keep up their courage) relat- ing to the state of health of the Prussian leaders. The first flight of what M, Le- deren, calls " le canard funèbre" is this : " Tho illness of tho Prince Frederick Charles is confirmed." Then follows a note to tho effect that "General Moltke, altJiaugh suffer' ing, has been carried to Mayenco." To this kind of childishness was added a spice of old. womanly superstition, " Let us recall to the Prussians," says one paper, " that tho month of August is always lucky for our armies." : In the midst of these follies and fonfaron nades, the Prussians had made thoir first onset, and were pouring their victorious hordes on French soil. , For a long time Paris steadily refused to admit tho fact, it being tho fashion of its people only to believe (hat which tbey cither wished or had imagined. The nows of the affair at Wis «enburg produced at first violent in- credulity, then torpor, then furious rage. It is a fact that up to the morning of the Oth of August, tho Parisians wore. in ignorance that the Prussians had crossed the frontier. On the afternoon of this day appeared that famous despatch which announced the defeat of the Crown Prince and the taking of 40,000 prisonors by M'Mahon. The official Ministerial organs bad prepared the people for the reception of this absurd canard by speaking of the affair at Wissenburg as "quelque chose tenté sur notre territoire, ce qui nous nous donnerait de grands avantages stratégiques." But these great strategic advantages were slow to come off. The Prussians had the audacity to descend on French soil. They beat M'MahonatWcorthandFrossardontheheights of Spicheren. The grand army of the Rhine rolled back upon Metz, writhing like a wounded snake with its back broken in two. But Paris continued to hug itself with the idea of coming victories. Even the gloomy despatch of the Emperor, in which he used the ominous words tout se peut rétablir could not shake the doomed city out of its fool's paradise. On the 8th of August, Figaro announced that "to- morrow 100,000 Italians depart for France. Austria is getting ready Denmark is ready." Still the Paris Journal cried, with somewhat inconsistent fury: "Above all, no peace! Let him who should pronounce that infamous word bo seized as a traitor, and shot like a dog. Peaco ! We shall make it in Prussia! Let Europo be silent meanwhile I Let her take care of her- self!" If this is not the height of " the fan- tastically-burlesque and the colossally-silly," observes M. Leclercq, " then it becomes necessary to declare ' The Grand Duchoss of Gerolstein' to be a solemn tragedy or a classic epic poem." At this sublime moment, let up hear M. Paul de Cassagnac, of the Pays, " Mameluke of the Empire" : "Frenchmen, our brothers,-Hold your- selves ready ; embrace your families and pre- pare to conquer or to die ! " Tho hour of the great battle is about to strike. To-morrow, the day after to-morrow, or later, Prussia and France will seize each other by the body. The embrace shall be bloody and mortal. (The next sentence con only be given in the original.) "Allons, les Gaulois I Allons, los Francs ! Allons, les Français, levez-vous, souriez do votre mille et beau sourire, et découvrez vos poitrines I " Ont with France 1 Take all your stand- ards-the oriflamme of St. Denis, tho red flag or tho tricolor, let looso the Gallic cock and the Imperial eagle, hoist the fleur-de-lis or cap of liberty-and advance 1" ? The Paris journal raves still more madly. Of Prussia, it cries, "She is ours I We hold her! Behold her at last, not only in the presence of our braves, but face to face with two millions of citizens who desire to die or to kill." Prussia is do clared to have fallen into a trap especially set by Providence for the benefit of France., 1 ' C'est Lieu qui a été le seul vrai tacticien dans toute cette affaire." Is it possible for folly to go further? To summon the Deity to en- counter the strategy of Von Moltke is surely a touch of the very sublime. So the Trojans invoked the aid of Mars and of Venus when their champions fared badly, against their mortal adversaries. But the appeal was not heard, and the inexorable Prussians still marched always forward, in spite of the Gallic cock and the Imperial eagle. To the last Paris hugged itself with the notion that every- thing was happening for the best, even when after the battle of the 18th of August Bazaine was cut off from M'Mahon, and hopelessly shut up in Metz. Reports of impossible victories appeared daily in tho fertile pages of the Gaulois and Figaro. One day it was the battle of Longevillo, which was "excessively murderous," where 18,000 Prussians were slain, and their army lost "nearly all their cannons." In order that there might remain no doubt with the Paris public that this glorious news was truo, it was stated that the English Embassy had received official despatches relating to it of enormous importance, one of which said that "of the splendid army of Prince Frederick Charles there remains only a wreck." It was in this same battle that the white cuirassiers of M. de Bismarck, as we all know, were all shot down to a man. Count de Palikao told the story to the Corps Législatif, where it was received with "lively emotion." A day or two after was announced that famous victory at the quarries of Jaumont, whon three whole Prussian divisions were precipitated, "withhideous ruin and combustion down" into a pit, out of which moans and fearful cries were heard by "serious" correspondents of Figaro three or four days after the evont. Looking back upon these monstrous lies, there strikes us as something touching in tho state of a people who could bring them-, selves gravely to credit these absurd fictions, But the more Paris was deluded, the more it hungered and thirsted for delusion. It was in tho condition of the man who has givon himself up to opiates, who begins by taking a few drops for pain and ends by swallowing a pint a day for existence. While the official despatches of Marshal Bazaine, even as early as the 20th of August,' made no secret of the fact that he was com- pletely invested by tho armies of Prince Frederick Charles and General Steinmotz, tbo Paris journals were still suffered to indulge in dreams of the situation of the most extra vagantkind. Several doys after the battle of Gravelotte, when the English press had uni- versally acknowledged and made known the fact of the complete sovorance of tho two, armies of Bazaine and M'Mahon, the French papers refused to believe but that all was going well, and set down the contrary report^ to malice, or to tho operation of Prussian gold-! In the Figaro the public were informed, upon' certain authority, that the two armies of Bazaine and M'Mahon were at this date (tho 25th of August) "only one enormous ' whole in the face of enomies decimated and panic-stricken by the obstinate combats of the five days." If they wero not, at least they ought to have been, seeing that their losses,1 upon the lowest calculation of the Paris press,' could not have been loss than from 150,000 to 200,000 men killed and wounded-that is,1 about half the army which had crossed the frontier. But it is time to close a record of folly and delusion, of which it is painful to write in fitting terms. We are unable to give one tenth of the piquant extracts which have been culled by M. Leclercq to prove the extreme demoralisation which 20 years of Imperialism' had produced on the citizens of Paris.' To tho last the Gaulois, Figaro, the Paris Journal, and tho rest continued to lie, evon after it had become necessary to contradict ty their new inventions the legends of the month before. Hereafter people will hardly credit the fact, that even on tho morning of the 4th of September, when the army of M'Mahon had been for more than 24 hours prisoners to the Prussians, when the Emperor himself had already delivered up his sword to King William, when the Germans at New York wore colebrating the glorious victory of Sedan,1 that stupendous journali^aro cameout with an article in which it asserted that the last no ws from M'Mahon was that, after having boen reinforced by Vinoy, ho had fought a battle in which the French arms had won "un succès éclatant," that the Prussians were conquered " culbutés," and 30 pieces of cannon takon ; that, in fine, "the word massacre applied to the Gorman army would not be an oxoggor ated expression." After this, to hear that M'Mahon and Bazaine together were driving the Prussians into the interior, "pour les mieux écraser," becomes quite an ordinary and sober piece of news. That Count Bismarck was right when he declared that the Parisian press was mainly responsible for the war can hardly be denied, although it is certain that the press of Paris could not have been so bad had it not reflected a people corrupted, debauched, and enervated by many years of a debasing des- potism. The Press of tho Republic has, up to this time, not shown itself much better, but we may hope that the day of repentance is near, when even Figaro puts on sackcloth and makes candid confession. "It is Cur- tain," says this famous journal, and no one should knew better, "that the lies, the brag- ging, the crass ignorance of the journalists, aro to be held accountable for a third of the mis- fortunes of France." It concludes with apiece of advico which ought to be most salutary to writers of the school of Albert Milland, Alfred Assollant, Aurelion Scholl, Paul deCassagnac, and tho rest :- ' ' The time of blagueurs is past, and journalists must be content to work to inform themselves, and no longer talk of things which they don't understand, at so much a line." Those who in future should need a stimulus in this kind of education have only to refer to the little brochure of M. Leclercq, in which tho record of the most conspicuous follies of the Parisian press is preserved. 