SPORTING- NOTES, BY "AUGUR." The Victoria Racing Club made a sad mistake in holding their Midsummer Meeting on the last day of the old year instead of the second day of the new. Not only was the weather of a dreary and uncomfortable nature, but it was kept as a holiday merely by a few merchants, bankers, etc., whereas Monday was a much finer day, and was likewise regarded as a day for pleasure seeking by thousands who would have patronised the race course had the V. R. C. determined upon that day for bringing off their meeting. I suppose the coffers of the club will suffer from the want of foresight, and probably the pecuniary loss will be a wholesome lesson to the committee in future to take into consideration the convenience of the general public, as well as that of the favoured few. Saturday was a busy day amongst the trades men of the city, and consequently they could not neglect their business to visit the course ; but the quiet that reigned in Melbourne on Monday was sa tisfactory proof of the holiday nature of the occa sion. Considering the state of the elements, how ever, there was a pretty fair attendance of sight seers to witness the raeiag, which, on the whole, was of a very spiritless nature. Royston at last proved himself the good horse his friends ima gined him to be, and won the Hurdle Race in a eanter. Certainly he looked better than I have y$t seen him ; Middy Ashore also stripping in excellent condition ; but though the latter struggled hard, he was unable to pull off the " good thing " for his friends. Hotspur, with his owner in the saddle, cut a very sorry figure indeed, and it will be well for Mr. Jellett to leave the riding portion of the business to somebody more skilled in the profession than he is. Pota toes performed respectably until the weight told a tale, but Haled never once showed in the front rank. The offers made by the friends of Romula to back her. for the Three-year-old Handicap turned out to be pure " bunkum," for the pen was put through her name for this event, with the view of reserving her to meet Tim WhiiHer in the Midsummer Handicap, the result of which, notwithstanding that she had a hundred yards start, was her. utter discomfiture, a circumstance that highly pleased the few that had backed her for the tbree-year-old event. As I anticipated last week, Amethyst could have won had she gone straight, but knowing her antipathy to the Flem ing ton course, I advised my friends to back Ro mula iu preference, and take a long shot about Doubtful, for whom I have had a great fancv since he made his first appearance in public. Though not in anything like his best condition, he ran with great gameness, and the boy on him taking advantage of Amethyst's swerving, brought him up on the inside, and woa cleverly for the popular doctor, whose colours are always re ceived with applause. I was glad to see so worthy a patron of the sport victorious, and if I am not sadly out of my reckoning, the counter part of old Strop will often laud the doctors ban ner in the front. Endeavour, with Joe Carter up, ran respectably, but the distance was hardly long enough. The apportionment of the weights for the Midsummer Handicap was so badly arranged, that all interest was lost in the affair directly it became known that Mr. De Mestre intended to send the herd of so many fights, Tim Wniffler. If the handioapper is not above taking a hiut, he J will peruse the handicap framed by me for the | Australian Cup before he attempts to put together ' those engaged in it. I suppose, however, instead j of leaving TimV weight at about 9 it ISlb or lOst, and reducihg Nimbtefoot about 6lh» and acme j of the others half a stone, Ve shell see the old hone cmshed with weight, and ttwmjl ; f. ' r:J It - ' . 1 .( if ||of those below him. let in upon ueh WfSktering terms, that the chaDce of the racehorse, whose kind we should en course, will be completely extinguished. Suds fits and starts as our bandicapper indulges in are exceedingly ridiculous at times, and I sdailnot be surprised if his next effusion be even more re markable than any of its predecessors. Nimble- foot shaped better under the weight than I expected, but I was fully prepared to see Melancholy Jaques finish where he did. There were some behind, however, that were sent with , an eye to future events, and this most not be fora gotten by Mr. Barnard. Baron was in anything but first-class form, and Praetor's appearance be-" tokened a hurried prepara ion t while old Tim, who is never sick nor sorry, was as gay and lively as a lark, and won very cleverly at last. Romula, who was fractious at the post, broke away, ant ran more than 100 yards in front, when Mr. Watson, not noticing her, as he says, dropped the flag, but the boy did not send her along until the I others were nearly on to her. The top-weight had a good place throughout the contest, and was always lying about fourth until approaching the turn for home, when he began to improve his position, and quickly disposing of the leaders, he galloped home in front 4s strong as a lion. Tim has undoubtedly proved himself the soundest and. best-coNstiturioned crack that ever ran m Aus tralia, and when he goes to the stud, breeders oil the krak-oufc for a stud-horse thoroughly sound in every particular, should bear in mind the gallant old son of New Warrior, whose glorious achieve ments on the turf have conclusively demonstrated that he is possessed of a wonderful constitution, and that he is composed of the true stuff of which racehorses are made. The Metropolitan Stakes, ! Melbourne Cup, Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, four Queen's Plates, and no end of ether weight-for-age races, have fallen to the prowess of the popular bero j and notwithstanding that he has been in constant work since he made his bow to the public, he is as sound and fresh as ever ; in fact, like good wine, he appears to improve with age, andYhope to see him often carry the black flag to victory in the same manner as on Saturday lash The Steeplechase was the very worst I ever be held. As Reindeer was scratched, The Monk and Narcisse were the only two supported wiih any amsunt of spirit, and the judgment of the public was correctly formed, as the result proved, for nothing but these two had the ghost of a chance in the race. Monk led so easily for two miles that every body imagined he was going to walk in, but he compounded to nothing when the big, leathering Narcisse collared him in the training ground. The " light of other days," old Bali&rat;, looked much better than I anticipated, but though Denny Callanan tried his best with him, the old horse could not get op steam enongh to get to the front-. As Romula and Doubtful were both scratched for the Canterbury Stakes, the race was merely a walk-over for Mr. De Mestre, who wisely decided to gave the olb. penalty Tim would incur for the Launceston Champion, by declaring to win with Truino Card, and the two slowly cantered over, the chestnut a. long way in advance. Thie arrange ment did not seem to suit a great many of the unwashed, who began to hoot both horses when they found they were not going to cat each other down. It is not at all likely that Mr. De Mestre or anybody else would commit such a senseless act as to unnecessarily race his horses, and thereby endanger their future prospects, merely to gratify the wbims and fancies of the spectators, more especially as there was no betting on the race. Had Tim been heavily hacked to win the event, then, probably, there would have been some excuse for an ebullition of feeling on the part of those who backed him ; bu, under any circumstances, Mr. De Mestre would he perfectly justified in not incurring a penalty of 5lb. if he could possibly help ft. Owners of horses argue, and I must say with considerable reason, that they have a perfect right to do as they like with their own, so long as they conform to the rules of the turf ; and until a horse is delivered at the scratch, say they, the public have no right whatever to indulge iu speculating upon their I winning. Even then, if an owner has two horses ! engaged, and the public forestalled him in the betting market by backing the best of the two, he would be quite justified in declaring to win with the other, no matter how much those who had backed the horse might suffer ; but the case would be entirely differeur if he knew he could win with either, aod sent a com mission into the market to lay against the be#, and back the worst. However, there was n) betting on the Canterbury Stakes ; consequently the hooting# which greeted Tim and his coapanion were al together out of place. If the Victorians would ouly breed such horses as those of Mr. De Mestre, or when they do breed them tot let them pass out of their hands, as they eid Fireworks and Florence, then we should be able to make the New South Welshmen put their best leg fore most ; but it savours somethug of ignorance — of turf matters, at all events— to hoot a visitor's horses when they walk over for a race which the Victorians have not the courage to contest. Had Mr. De Mestre unnecessarily raced bis two horses, and broken down Trump Card, and effectually settled Tim's chance for tie Tasmanian Cham pion, by incurring a penaty, there wonld have bees but little sympathy fir him from those who were so liberal with their lungs, a race being the only thing they cared fo. Sir Joseph Ha ley once bad three horses etgaged in the English Derby, viz., Blue Gown. Rjsierueian, and Green Sleeve. Sir Joseph baeled the two latter, but the public popped it on to Hue Gown. As the Derby approached, it became known that Blue Go«a was the best- of the trio but the public had all the market money, aucthe owner could sot get on at a fair price. Ht therefore declared to win with either Roeierueiai or Greet) Sleeve, and had one of these been aexf to Blue Gown when he was lead tug. the Utter would have been pulled in order to let the other terse win. Again, iu the Liver pool Cup, Sup Joseph had two horses engaged, and the puhho agate plunged ©u to the best, one, and left the owuer o opportunity of getting hie money on. He e»tolied what" was consSered the best horse, and won the race with the other; I aud hundreds of similar cases often occur in Eng land, hut the owiurs are not subjected to hoettngs aud yellings, beeaise the public there know thai thqjr have no eamly right to meddle with a react horte until it ooura to the port. Theu it is pub lic property, and if the owner declares to win with 1 one horse, and via with another, he breaks faith with the public, who tatpport te deefaraoa, - ft a remarkable fact that a Y t utftau- faed has never >et the thw-m 'e race at the Year1! .Heeri«$. tarragon, wow in Bart, in 18fiL ami th ; »«>i Strop The of the New South \\\«5e h. ftftd had U ttofc been far Fkhe defa .ug \- ' 'V ' -y ':\t v: Voluriteer with Smuggler, and Warrior Charon, the elate cbt&ny; wotild have score d Tet, victory from the yearl86&, when Volunteer featedAhgler. I think the tide ia aboiit to U|| a «ud It is time j for ioibkof the descendant of Mr. Wisher's importations give just as nmc promise as Fishhook, Fireworks, Florence, Fenelk etc., who have all at different times lowered the " fiaga of the New South Wales sportsmen. Wh# aeorry figure we should have cut had Mr. fisher decided to keep hisatud in South Australia Instep of bringing it to Maribyrnong. Smuggler, hook, Lantern, The Sign Fenellaj Sour Gr&p; My Dream, Ragpicker; and others that have h course -would then have been claimed by Uj, South Australians, and these, added to The B&r; Tim WhiJBflers, and Giencoes, weuld have co®. pletely swept the board. The hero of the "ba®, daged leg ' agtin came out in his true form jj the £109 Plate, and after a magnificent stru with Rambler, Doubtful, and Tne Fawn; Won. most exciting race fey half a head, ttfride that g, tance separating the third horse from the secoy and the third from the fourth. Sac a race b seldom been witnessed at Flemington, and it certainly a gloriomPMnd-up to a very ' rr.eetin Had it been weld on the Monday, t daresay there would have been between 20,06 and 80,000 people present, becauee the day observed as a strict holidoy by fiinety-sm persons out of every hundred, and I repeat \b| if the V.ft.C. wishes to make its summer meet), profitable, it must, under similar circumstanes take the con veni|jnce of the million into consider, ation in preference to the desires of the ttppt crust, as it is the geuera! public that suppn racing;, and not merchants, bankers, and the: Clerks. The settling on the Midsummer and Croilo? Park meetings took place ©n Tuesday, when, i, usual, the bookmakers were more punctual in the? settlements than the backers. The " sporty butcher" of Qaeen street drew the lai sums from the ring, Biondin's two victf? having turned in some £500 or £600. " Fish are sweet," and the black horse hi decidedly earned enough to pay for the stabi dkpettses this year ; the sum won for fc pnrty since the last day of the Ballarat meeti reaching something near £5,000, in bets at: stakes. The Launcerton Champion and Tarns Handicap were touched upon slightly, 100 to 1 being laid against Tim winning the first asc Nimbletoot the last-named event. Romute owner backed her for a pony against Florence i: the Champion race. Croydon was backed to wi: both races at 100 to 6, a price that was offeree against Florence and Nimblefbot, and offers .weft made to lay 100 to 10 about the Sydney Lege and Gold Cup (barring the two Florences) with out leading to business. In looking farther through JSelVs Life in Lon don I find that Mr: Moffitt has purchased somi very valuable brood mares for his stud. At the sale of Count Lagrange's horses, at Tattersall's, hi bought three mares — one Beatrix, by Mo n areas (now the best sire in the world) out of Miss Ioe by Ion, covered by Pompieo, for 175 guineas: Nuncia, by Nuncio out of Fatima by Elis, covered by Gladiateur, 180 guineas j and Yamimi .Qrlando out of Himalaya, by Bay Middleton, _ COverea"by--i?diateur, 120 guineas. Bdl says that "" Beatrix had many admirers, owing to her g.'»d looks, and her produce being very promising." lit same authority also speaks highly of the other t»i mires, aod there can be no doubt that the addi tion of a few young Monarques end Gladiatear; will considerably improve the stud of the Hopkiw Hill squatter, as well as tend to improve the breed of the Australian racrhor-e, for the vonng Frenchmen are caarying ali bef# them in Eng land. After this, there may be some troth in the report aneat BCr. Moffatt- negotiating for the purchase of Gi amateur. Saturday's running, although not altogether reliable, induces me to make two or three altera tions in my handicap for the Australian Cup, which I should peculate thus : — et lb Tim Wkiffier ... 10 0 j Wariior ... 8 0 : Croydoa ... 8 9 The Bum .85 Nicttlefoot S 2 \ Tr tzapCani mv 8 0 Pimtor 7 12 j Bloudin ' ... 7 12 | Fjjiiqr Dutchiaau 7 6 j Amefcajsfc ? 6 i A iMSLjr ... 7 6 > The fad „ ... 7 4 Rambler w 7 2 iferumid ... 7 0 '< I st lb i Mflesiaji ... 7 0 Tomahawk ... 7 0 ' F am ... 6 ri i Romtt'a ... S f Doubf cl ... 6 5 The Fawn ... 6 5 Lily ... 8 S Detective ... fi 0 Hollyhock ... f 0 No man ... ti >> True Bine ... 5 12 F. ... 5 7 Peter Wiikins ... 5 7 The Poke has won the " good thing " he bw been kept sodong far in Sydney, viz., Tattersallt Cup, the handicap for which M£ Winch made such a noise about. I understand that it was the weight on this particular horse that Mr. Winch so strongly objected to. The Duke, it will b? remembered, won tbe Rand wick Derby once quit unexpectedly, but until the last meeting of tin A J.C., he appeared, to have lost a1 1 form. .The Tasmauiaus have made their handicap for the Launceetoa Steeplechase, and such a produe lion is worthy oi the "xnaff" who made it Fancy Canary with 9et, and The Bard with life 41b., pitted against Reindeer with 12sr. 71b., tfd Narcisse with 3st. 71b. The latter is the o horae that is likely to go from , here, but, just te prevefit a mistake, Remdeer may go, as he is perfect mine of wealth, to certain bookmakers, wbo 4t umiertake," low and then, the commissions for the stable, Croxtoii Pari Races were well attended, but ti sport wee very- mediocre. The only thing worth seeing was tae udiag of in tie Jemmy W uson Damsoa, and ills was treat really worth uessiug. The heroes of " the B Ion din bandog" were in strong; fire, and gave the ring an upper | cut during the dayi The arrangements werewy | thing but A 1, and one or two members of | Press were cinupsliM to pay for admission, &r; j rinh reason I ktev not. 1 was not one of th I victims, but stireiy the hon, secretary might supply I the different rep&rtte; witii tidtete, if he wishe hfe meetiag tafe reported. Entries tor the iJularat Miners and Cornet Haudtssafse muA-'ke riaile on the 10th inst. 1 ©«. sorry t» say Mr. L. L. Smith's rtod hhrae Bumjurct to died from the effects rf & severe wouttd Oi tiit throat, inflicted by a stick the top of which a bail was being adminis- tered. Fbtdat. As a matter rf osuree, 1 wenk to the Man Hyttrang aid 1 must say that X was greatly defaghftei at th manner in which th« kqr th© plucky Joe Thorn peon fat the different k>ti -araui carried out iu the djak.haa characterised all 1 "'ri-lNto«tha,:tm» be first 'par iherofisableyeward of hi" Iran . riridy deaerved ; for ' aredin « I KgThristocrafcfoyouners of. Next- 1 have a'good deal to say about the 1 We, awd also the foals, which are of quite as much jfrotiuse as the yearlings sold on Tliursday last. the meantime, I wish to repeat my , former H)ge8tion that v,he sons of Rose de Florence, and of Denmark be christened Lancaster and - Vork. As Mr. Brown, the 'purchaser of the Hpttter, is a Yorksiiireman, the name would be; Boubly appropriate. I may add that there is noT iflRruth whatever in the statement that some of the have been purchased for New South j jVFales, as all have been bought by Victorians, and be trained by Victorian trainers. The three' ; flA.ce of Clubs colts will go into the hands of Mr. flffames Wilson, than whom no better trainer exists, fljhlr. Filgate, so long and honourably kuo wn as |nH|Lr. Fisher's trainer, will train his own colt ; Joe JfllorrLson will have Mr. Kerr's Nightligbt filly ; flBkid the Rose of Denmark colt, having been pur- flBiased by Mr. Brown for a patron of Mr. Dow ling's flfltable, will be trained by Mr. Dowling at Caul- aield. . flgra There was a little speculation at Goyder's to- iflAy, when 6 to 5 was offered on Tim Whiffler for Me Launceston Champion, and Tim andDetecure flflere backed to win the Champion and Tamar Jfflgandicap at 100 to 4 A pony was laid that l||i|roydon and Nimblefoot beat the field in the HanHicap, for which the highest offer singly was ivflBto 1. Mr. Joe Thompson offered to back his" Pro Ace of Clubs colts for £500 against any other w t tvo in Australia the first time of meeting. 