NOTHING IN PARTICULAR. BY THE GHOST OF MENIPPUS. Hail Muse, et cetera!—In cribbing this Byronic style of starting, peradventure I, like much lesser bards, will have to kiss The ticklish rod of editorial censure, A sort of chance I own I'd rather miss Than not. But this is not the strain I meant, sure; Though now that everything's so doosid trite about I'm blowed if I can find a theme to write about. Suppose I chant the praise of Humbugs. One I am myself—a great one for that matter; But so is Lord, and so is Captain On- -Slow, if I speak without a wish to flatter; And so are M.P. 's, bailiffs, and the run Of men, including that gay dun, my hatter. (This stanza's shaky, but my Muse, dear editor, Grows nervous when I name a bum or creditor.) Hail, humbugs all! hail, ranting, roaring Dave! Thou champion of all tender-hearted spouses, Who, failing to hunt helpmates to the grave, Are fain to drive them from their beds and houses! No truer cross between the fool and knave Brawls out where yonder home of rows is. I know I'm hard, but then I can't be civil— He's such a favorite of my friend the D—l. I like his notions though upon Divorce Much better than I do the tenth commandment, Which puts the veto on my love of course For Jones's pretty wife. If wedlock's band meant Less than it does 'twould be a fruitful source Of mischief to some husbands. Sue and Sand meant To shew this in their novels. But my object Don't point to ethics—let me change the subject. Hail, Martin, hail! to thee I gladly fly From loud-lunged Dave and topics amatory; No verdant tint is in thy martial eye, Thou newest soldier on the tracks to glory; Bear witness many a bristling battery, Suggestive very of a sequel gory; But ah! thy latest move (I speak in charity) Looks like a bait, my boy, for popularity. I may be wrong; and in that happy case If England's foes should ever plan a rush here, I hope thou' lt make of Bismarck and his race A jolly blazing bonfire in the bush here; By Jove! I read a purpose on thy face To chaw up Germany, including Prussia; But still I doubt the Teuton and his kidney Have ever heard of such a place as Sydney. However doubt is doubt, and not belief, And so I'll drop the matter. As this verse is My last but one, I'll hail the budding chief With whom that much-loved thing the public purse is; He 's not Demosthenes—but to be brief And candid, reader, many a really worse is Alive who hungered for his cosy billet— God help us all if Jeff should ever fill it! Or duller Lloyd! I hope Lord's sleep is sound— I hope there doesn't come across his slumber The voice of clerkdom crying from the ground, Reduced in rank, in salary, and number. I hope the Jews and bailiffs hanging round His office-steps like animated lumber Don't trouble him. Although the lot are sorry sights, They are the Civil Servant's normal parasites. 