MISCELLANEOUS. He who wishes to rest must work. Sloth is the key to let in beggary. The best bread source.—Work. A noose-paper.—A marriage certificate. Tho Band of Hope.—A life belt. Tho laps of time.—Our old coat tails. What sport is like girl's gossip.—Dears- talking. He that smarts for telling the truth, hath a plaister in his own conscience. A well to do Deal fisherman on his daugh- ter's wedding day, lately, gave her a 'smack.' What a pity, that common sense, for want of use, should have become uncommon. What word may be pronounced quicker by adding two more letters to it?—Quick, of course. The sagacious A. Ward once said he thought it rather improved a comic paper to print a joke now and then. 'You don't understand your business, land- lord: did you never have a gentleman stop with you before?'—'No, not if you are one.' Why are wooden ships (as compared with ironclads) of the female sex? Because they are the weaker vessels. It was observed of a celebrated physician that he never said in company "I drink your health," but "My service to you." The tale-bearer and the tale-hearer should be hanged up both together—the former by the tongue, the latter by the ear. Get your enemies to read your words in order to mend them, for your friend is so much your second self that he will judge too like you. Every ship is a romantic object, except that we sail in. Embark, and the romance quits our vessel, and hangs on every other sail in the horizon. A labourer in an ice-house down East was killed by a large lump of ice falling on his head. Verdict of tho jury—"Died of hard drink." A young lady studying French, and finding that "belle" meant "fine," told somebody in a letter that we had a great deal of belle weather lately. 'Please, sir, I don't think Mr Dosem takes his physic reg'lar,' said a doctor's boy to his employer.—'Why so?'—' 'Cause vy, he's getting well so precious fast.' Out West they don't allow undertakers to sit on juries in murder cases. Their strong business bias warps their judgment, and they invariably bring in a verdict of guilty against the accused. A man having stepped on a cat's tail and made her mew piteously, his companion re- marked that her cry was involuntary, but the other exclaimed, "Oh, no, it was on 'purr- puss.' '' Friendship is more firmly secured by lenity towards failings, than by attachment to excel- lencies. One is valued as kindness that can- not be exclaimed, the other exacted as payment of a debt of merit. "Which, my dear lady, do you think the merriest place in the world ?" "That imme- diatcly above the atmosphere that surrounds the earth I should think." "And why so?" "Because I am told that there all bodies lose their gravity." Pride is so unsociable a vice, and does all things with so ill a grace, that there is no closing with it. A proud man will be sure to challenge more than belongs to him; you must expect him stiff in his conversation, ful- some in commending himself, and bitter in his reproofs. An officer, who had lost an eye, supplied it with a glass one, which he always took out when he went to bed. Being at an inn he took out his eye and gave it to the girl who attended, desiring her to lay it on the table. The maid still waiting and staring, he asked her what she waited for. 'Only for the other eye, sir,' said she. A philosophic ship captain was passing through a churchyard at midnight, when a sheeted ghost rose up behind a tombstone and approached him with menacing gestures. The mariner coolly raised his stick and gave the "ghost" a crack over the head, asking him "What he meant by being out of his grave at that late hour?" A Scotchwoman who had been listening to a very learned but prosy sermon, was indulg- ing in very audible expressions of admiration as she retired from the parish church. A dis- appointed hearer asked her quietly if she understood the sermon. "Understood it!" she exclaimed; "how could you think a poor woman like me should understand so grand a discourse." Rhyme of the Times.—O wondrous age! when want of native charms no longer fills fair woman with alarms; when painted roses 'dorn the sallow face, and cotton stuffing gives her every grace; when piles of gold, her sire's ill- gotten gains, are full atonement for the want of brains; when solid graces wield a blunted dart, while musk and moonlight win the lover's heart. 