I THE HUSSEY MINSTRELS. Last night, in the OddFellows: Hall, the fine I troupe of minstrels organized by Mr. Frank Hussey, commenced their series of performances here. This is their first visit to the southern side of Tasmania, but the reputation of Mrs. and Mr. Hussey had preceded them, and several of the names in the list of the company were recognised by those of the public who had visited St. George's Hall in Melbourne, when negro minstrelsy was at its best there. Thus Mr. Campbell, Mr. Marctzic, and others were known to not a few, while the high name Mr. H. Gordon and Mr. Rymer had gained by their late performances as singers, and Mr. Carroll and Mr. Collins us dancers in Melbourne, led those who had not previously heard or seen them to augur favourably of them. The consequence was that the hall was extremely well-filled indeed, we may say crowded in every part excepting the few reserved chairs. When the curtain rose, to the introductory overture, and exhibited ten performers " all in a row, and when the first notes were struck, it was felt that all the favourable anticipations that had been entertained would be realised. We may at once say that the performances were a great success, and that though the best items in Mr. Hussey's re- pertoire are reserved for production at a later date, the entertainment was one which, of its class, has never been surpassed here. We must, if only in common courtesy, give first place to the only lady of the party once Miss Julia Clifton, and now Mrs. Hussey-who, however, deserves precedence. She gave in appropriate costume, and with spirit, taste, and skill, the four national songs, "The Star Spangled Banner," "The Marseillaise," "the Watch on the Rhine," and " Rule Britannia." Miss Clifton looked extremely well, and dressed with taste, and the well-known sire she sang admirably suiting her voice, her exertions were warmly applauded. After the opening chorus from Ernani, and the killing of some capital stories by Bones and Tambourine, Mr. Campbell sang " O'er the rippling waters." Mr. Carroll followed with We fly by night," and Mr. Hussey gave his favourite and amusing witty, " The Cornet Player," with all his accustomed spirit, meeting with the first encore of the evening, and singing in response " 'Twos nice to be a baby." Mr. Rymer then proved himself to be possessed of a very pure tenor voice by the new song which he then introduced to a Hobart Town audience, " Put me in my little bed." This is a very pretty and attractive song, and we should think is certain to become popular. Another novelty was presented in this part of the entertainment in " Dream on, Lillie," in which the magnificent bass organ of Mr. H. Gordon was heard to great advantage. This singer, we understand, is comparatively a late addition to the stage, and it certainly would have been a pity if so fine a voice so deep, sound, and true- had remained known only to comparatively private circles. In this song, also, the part assigned to Mr. Romer enabled him to show to much advantage. Subsequently Mr. Gordon sang with great power a descriptive scene, receiving a well-deserved encore. Mr. Romer gave with good taste and expression Mr. Sims Reeves's favourite, song, " My Pretty Jane," for which he too received a warm proof of the satisfaction of his hearers, and bowed his acknowledgments. Both Mr. Gordon and Mr. Romer also took part with Mr. Campbell and a new and promising addition to the black stage (Mr. Montague in a sweet quartette, " Banish, oh Maiden." The dancers, Messrs. Carroll and Collins, performed the well-known golden shoe dance on pedestals, and executed the very difficult steps and movements of the donee, under the unusual difficulty of confined dancing space, with grace and singular dexterity. They were much applauded and recalled. Afterwards they were again recalled in the song and dance " Sally, Come up," in which Kelly, the well-known dancer and minstrel, was very well imitated by Collins, and Sally, the "yalla belle," was personated by Carroll, whose make - up including ber tremendous display of back hair-was ; very good. They danced a pretty step dance in reply to the encore. The dancing, indeed, was superior, and was thoroughly appreciated by the audience, We have left to the last, however, not the least noticeable part of the evening's amusements. Mr. Hussey always a host in himself, and who stands unrivalled as an Ethiopian Comedian-was as great as he always is in his ever fresh and popular " Tobias and Bianca," which literally set the house in a roar. In answer to the demand of the audience for his re-appearance he sang " Johnny Smoker." Then came " Insult and Apology," in which (as in the " Four O'Clock Train") he was ably assisted by Mr. Campbell. Mr. Hussey in the first played the character of a humorous "nigger," provokingly insult- ing to a better dressed and more prosperous " breeder," but, while " willing to wound, was mightily afraid of being struck. The trillo created roars of laughter through the admirable manner in which it was acted. Last of all came " The Four O'Clock Train," in which " Mr. Snooks" (personated by Mr. Hussey), a traveller in search of rest, apprehensive as to the correct time of the starting of the four o'clock train, and penetrated with a fear of ghosts, is about us amusing n character ocean he well conceived. The curtain, in fact, fell with the audience convulsed with laughter. We must not forget to notice the excellent performances of Mr. Murelzic on the cornopean, and those of Messrs. Vinoburg, Leader, and Severin on "the little and the big fiddles." The new arrangement of the stage, with the footlights in front, gave it a very nice appearance, and Mr. Northcote, the artist, deserves a compliment for the scenery he has painted for the stage. The entertainment will be repeated this evening, and we may add that if genuine applause is a true criterion of popular favour, then Hussey's Minstrels have won for themselves already a large measure of the good opinion of the public. 