LATE BISH(OP. PATTESON: AcrIms upon the authority of a public adver tisement, a. meeting. took. place at the Court. House, Queanbeya%+lsst.:triday "atlerhoon, of persons who eiere desirou- of giving 'expres sion-to their.sorrow at the lamentable death of Bishaop.Patteson andlhis coadjuturs, and to their views on. the Polynesian labour system and its fruits. .Colonel Russell P.M., who in compliance with an influentially signed requisition had convened the meeting,'began the proceedings by reading the advertiseient' calling the meeting. -.. .. Colonel- RUSSELL being then voted to the chair, . The Rev A; D. SOARES -rose andsaid, he had hoped for a larger attendance on this im portant occasion, not only' as an evidence `ot a -corresponding degree of public interest felt in the melancholy cause which had brought them together, but as an inducement to make *a speech worthy of. the occasion-an object not easy -to accomplish in the presence of a small and scattered'audiience. lie had a reso lution to propose, which he would read- That this meeting, deeply sensible of the earnest piety, sound wisdom, and unwearied diligenqe, with whieh the lamented Bishop Patteson pursued his missionary labours in the South Seas, desires to ex press its profound asorrow at the shucking murder of this devoted servant of God and his two noble fel low-labourers at the handeof the natives of Nukapu. It was no unimportant event which had cal led them together, but one in which every Christian and every lover of civilisation and the progress of the human race must feel a deep interest. It might truly be said "a prince and a great man had fallen in Israel," for the murdered bishop was indeed a king and a priest,unto God.' None knew better than he how to fight the good fight of faith and the battles of the Lord. The mission field and the world could ill afford to lose such a valu abie life, and he would be everywhere missed. He had- .earned how to "endure-hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ," and had borne with -patience and fortitude the heat and bur den of the -day. Bei,:ved by all, the deceased bishop was especially so iby the missionaries of the South Seas, who looked up to him as a father in their midst, while the native con verts and even others who bad not etnraced Christianity greatly revered him. It would ý.e hard indeed to replace him, for he .was in- an I eminent degree filled with the Holy 'Ghost. Men as earnest as he might be 'found, hut not men of such rare experience, practical wis dom, and true courage. He knew tho.danger he was exposed to, for 'it was not the first time his life had been in danger f'rom the natives. Mr Boares gave an instance of this in a well told narrative, as related by Bishop Patteson to the Bishop of Newcastle, of how the mis. rsionary prelate was onoc induced to go ashore alone amongst some heathen islanders, who, it -was afterwards explained, were clamouring for his blood in retaliation for the stealing awayof soume of their tribe -y European traders, and how, suspecting their intentions, the, good bishop retired to an empty hut, committed himself by prayer into the hands of God, and peaceful and calm came out again in the midst of the crowd, who straightway led him back to his boat and dismissed him in safety. · He had since fallen in a similar way, and now he would only he remembered as a noble, sainted, martyred bishop, wearing the martyr's crown. He (Mr Soares) would not pass over Bishop Patteson's martyred fellow-labourers, the Rev. Mr. Atkin and the native catechistStephen, who tell on the same occasion.. He bore tees timony to the respective merits of these noble coadjutors of Bishop Patteson's, and informed the meeting that-had their lives been spared a little longer, it was the bishop's intention to have ordained Stephen to the office of a Chris tian pastor. -With respect to the act of the murderers of the bishop and-his companions, it was not for us to take vengeance.. It was not-so much with them -that the bIlame lay.; the natives regarded what they did as.a virtue. To others we must attribute the blame; to men of British birth or "descent, who, them selves the slaves of gain, were still laughing at the misery they entailed by the abominable system of kidnapping they were pursuing. It was deplorable to think that of all nmen the British were found reverting to slavery;. and at their door the guilt of Bishop Patteson and many another victim must be laid. Mr. J. GALE, in seconding the resolution, spoke of the self-denial and devotedness with which the martyred bishop had rejected the preffrment and honour and ease which he might so easily have acquired at home, for the perils, toils, and obscurity of missionay ' life; of the non-sectslian and truly catholic spirit of Bishop Patteson; and of the love and es teem in which he was held by the South Sea 'missionaries of his own and other churches. The resolution having been put to the meet ing was adopted. The Rev. W. MAcKENZIE seconded the next resolution, which read as follows- - SThat this meeting, fully persuaded that the death of Bishop Pattenon and his coadjutors was conse. quent on the atrocious system of slavery now being carried on under colour of the importation atof free Polyhesilan lahourers to Queensland and Fiji, de sires to express, in the strongest possible terms, its opinion that in the interests alike of humanity, Scivilization; and Christianity, immediate and deci- I ive steps should be taken to put aslop to the ne I farlous trafflic. Tbera could be little doubt, he thought, as to the fact that theseiemirders- hadd been'ithe re sult of an atrocious system of slavery!'' They all'knew very well that amongst savage,tribes revenge was held to be a rqligious principle; Sthey?held theniselve ouiind dbya sac-ed sense of honour to retaliate for injuries inflicied orn ',themselves or any memher.,of:,their tribes, elonever p opportunity ofl'ere.d~ andsbeI o d l,0h fiaghet e'iian' of ti'h vlctml,rnte "greater. ie virtue of the norton.The sysei m of slit very they were met to offer their opinions on is carried on under colour of importaiion of free labourers to Queensland and Fiji, but dis guise it bow they would it was a forcible sys tem after all-a system which had the effect of breaking up peaceful homes and scattering families. In many instances those who have been allowed to return to their native land have done-so only to find-their families broken up and their wives the wives of others. Who, he asked, gave .to' thbose. who carried.on this iniquitous traffic the right to lay violent hands on their fellow men:? --Neither - God nor man had given them this right; they had done this in.violation of, laws both human and divine. I~he-see=of the wrong thus inflicted could not be too strongly expressed; and the public should recommend that immediate steps be taken by the imperial.governmentforthesup' pression of' this violent system, which, among oiher evils, had tlie effect of paralysing the ,work of :Christianiity in the SouthbSea Islands. He' had no hesitation in saying that until steps were taken.for the suppression of this evil our Christian missions which had hitherto been so eminently successful in those parts would nio longer prosper. Mr W. G. O'NEILL. seconded this resolution. Hesaid it was with- mingled feelinggs of plea sure and regret 'ihat~ be was present at that meeting. It was a' malancholy pleasure for him to take action in so deplorable a matter as, that which had, brought;themnitogether that' day. He came there to-enter his protest against slavery. Our country had paid dearly in sterling gold for human freedom long ago; and he for one regretted to see the British flag stained to some extent withsthe same foul blot which"it had once cost so much to erase. . The conduct they were met t Jondemnri had caused a speck or- two to reappear on the Bri ish flag which it was requisite for the nation's honour to remove, and although they were sixteen thousand miles away from the seat of imperial government they must enter their protest against the inhuman traffic, and also require that the ambassadors of Christ.in the South Seas should he protected against -slavers and their evil work which waseo seriouslyinjuring the cause of Christianity. In: every direction effort should be put forward -or Ithe suppres sion of slavery. There could be only one opinion on this matter; and hehoped the day was not far distant when.those who engaged in this abominable traffic would recognise not only the authority of therQueen in this matter but also the authority of God in heaven. The resolution was-put and carried. Mr R. W. McKELLAR moved the adoption of the third resolution as follows:-- That the chairman he requested to senl a copy of the foregoing.resolutions to his Excellency the Earl of Belmore,for transmisslon to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. He would not attempt a speech, after the ex cellent manner in which theu-previouis- resolu tions had been spoken to. He fully coiicided with all that had been said, and, hoped the: re p-esentation of the grievarices they complained of would have the desired effect. Mr H. HARDY, J;P., seconded the resolution which was pint and adonted. . Mr. R. SINDEL in moving a vote of thanks to the chairman, bore -his testimony to the` worth of the martyred bishop, and. tbeinote worthy fact, lately mentioned in the. papers, that he had bequeathed his-inh'eritance'to his murderers. The motion being duly seconded and passed, Ckloriel RUSSELL suitably- repl:ed, and the meeting endod1. .ThE WEATHERit' di inp the week :has been- ex 'ceedinglylsot aind ultry.:' Occasional thunder showers, some of them severe,' have :fallen, in various parts of the district. Haymait ^3 is the order of the day with our farmers, and if the present hot weather continue wheat harvest with splendid results will soon commence. - DOG- POISONING.-Several -valuable dogs be longing to residents of the town have died un der symptoms of strychnine poisoning-during the week. THE BRIDGE.--'he additions designe d'to impart strength to the Queanbeyan bridge are in course of progress. RurFIANISM.-A gentleman . ho has just; returned from a journey to Yass gives an no-' count of one or two instances of. ruffianism which have lately been perpetrated on persons: residing on. the roadside.- One rascal'estered, Mr Grace's at One Tree Hill and to Mrs Grace who was 'alone at the time, used the most dis gusting language, because his unreasonable re quests were not complied with. At Mrs Sar son's at Murrumbateman another outrage oc curred. Mrs Sarson, is a widow, and keeps a small store and an acbommodation house. Not many days ago several fellows called and. or dered dinner, in payment for which they ten dered a cheque for a very large sum,- and he cause change could not be given they took back the cheque and went off without paying the debt they had contracted, and also helping themselves to a dozen silk bandkarchiefs from the widow's stock. Our informant sensibly suggests that the re-establishment of police patrols on the roads would be an effectual re medy for these-and many like abuses pecu liar to the roads. AcCIDslnr.-A -rather serious accident no coarrd on. Monday evening to the police magistrate, Colonel Russell. The colonel was giving a lesson in riding to one of his little daughters, and held her horse with a leading r in. Somewhere negar Heslop'a tannery something .occurred which caused Colonel Rtussell's her e to buck to a d'gree which resulted In its rider being thrown to the ground with great fore. The colonel, who comptaleed of pain in the back, was unable to' walk,aad his carriage waa seat forto convey hI hihome. Colonel Russell is- still confined to his house, and Is attended by Dr Lambert. Ssaoues AcosnsaD.-A serico accident, which might have resulted fatally occurred to Miss Char lotte Webber, on Sundy last. It appears Miss Webber, in company with Miss Land and one or two young men, were riding in the neigbhourhood of Canberra on the above-named day, and in heading towards the resldence of Mr. Bambridge's, Miss Webber's horse took fright and bolted, throwing its rider, whose riding skirt got fastened in the born of the saddle. Miss Webber was dragged a consider able distance with great speed, and received several kicks, when fortunately the skirt gaove way, relieving her from her perilous position. As it was she re ceived some severe injuries about the side of the head, arm, and hip. When taken up shbe was quite unconsclous, but shortly afterwards recovered esuffi ciently to be taken home to Quesabeyan, and is now recovering fast. I?TEraTAIANsnUTS -Messrs. Burton and Oaten, the former a professicnal of versatile talent, and the latter a very clever player on the English concer tino, have been given their entertalnments in various parts of the district this week. Mr. Burton, whose scene-painting has claimed our- notice in an earlier issue, has particularly distinguished himself in a pretty szng. entitled-" Put me in my Little Beat," which he sings with mnch pathos, assisted with livinlg tbl~afix asud appropriate scenery, wbhileevery one.who has beard 'Mr. Oaten praises his skilful manipulatioln of the English concertina. These ar ,tist are to travel the MConaro districts under the title of the -Excelslor Minstrels, and will deserve extensive patronage.--Last night there was ano to terestlng miigii-lonttrn 'exhibiLloni at tebo public schdoltroaiom, which we bhall rotice more full; la our Uc&t;, Josr Ltar.-For the information o of those conn cerned the list ofpersons. in. this district liable to serve as jurors during the year 1872, is posted upjin the Court house. The list is to be revised on 12th lest. MAIL Coxvaaor -The following contract has been accepted :-Tarago, Bungendore, Queanubeyn, and Cooma, or Boro,bungendore,Qneanbeyan and Cooma three times a week, John Moran, four-wheeled covered coach, two or more horses, three years, £444 per annum. BY an advertisement in to-day's issue our readers will notice that the last eight days ot Mr Baxter's stay have arrived. Those therefore who desire an artistic and creditable picture should apply at once. 