PLUNDERING. THE DE AD/ i The. following f urtlier correspondence , on thp subject ./of: the abstraction of a portion of tlije skull of' M'Callum by the doputy-coroner, Mr Robrier. has 'been nublislied in the Federal Standard :— : . | Sir/9-iTlio letter signed. " C. W. Rohner," hf your impression ' of the 5th inst. , balls for/some cominont ' from me;; since.- the able and:learned aiitfibrf of; this :. highly interestog ! literary pro duction has seen fit to allude to me 'in a manner intended as an insult. . .J j Everybody, an infidol included/is welcome to Iris religious convictions as far as .I aih; conj- cerned. I have heard common "blackguards making insulting reference to people's creeds; but .1 was not prepared to read it in print froiq tlio hands of a public officer, in a conntry. where liberty of conscience is vouchsafed to the peor plo. - It may be that " infidels'' aie allowed to enjoy special privileges, but I have not been aware, of it up to now. Tho unfeeling manner in . which the doctor insults Mrs M'Callum per sonally is enough to disgust the greatest ruffian even, and a highly discriminative public (a term .which tho doctor uses evidently with a view, of giving a blow all round) will not forget to ap-: preciate such'gentlomanly conduct. " , ..The deputy-coroner has epmnuttod the apt c'phiplained' of by Mrs ; ctelib<p ratoly. Ho' exhibited the piece /of! 'pkiill/.not only, to , me, but to haK a dozen other, peo'plp.1 I saw it iinniediatoly after tlio inquppt had been liefd, end before the late Mr M'CaJlpn. was buried. I cautioned the doctor on the spot ;' told him tliat he had done wrong, and'asked him to replace the1 piece of skull. His gentle reply was. "Mx'M'Callum can go to heaven or to li— without that piece as well as with it." The Joptor's sppcial pjea4ing , is oxcollont.| All his ibarning and all Ills philosophy does not' prevent him from having refuge to the most; puerile excuse, pleaded by him jn extenuation, of tlio piopo of hull being small in size, just! as if litrceny vindbr 40s was hot larceny for all that. The facof his hayingtho Wangaratta drunkard's craniuni is equally as puerile, for, two wrongs do not make one right. — Yours, etc.,"" ' Herman Ruppin.' nusiskulls and otjier skulls. --finale of a; "i'-'most .wonderful hjstorie." ' ! Motto -r-Tliougli they dig into .hell,- thence! "Shall mino'hand take them ; though tlioy climb' up to heaven, thenco will I bring them down. — : ' ' / 'r ""i,; !Sir,'— Witli' Margarct M'Callum I Iiavo no more .hones to' jiick at presont,' as I sun under tiie . iinpressiou'. that there was very little, flesh left on those tjbat I did pick with hor lately. But I have' another dummy to deal with of, somewhat heavier calibre ; I aip alluding to tho "impoverished Joiyisli Rabbi;" Herman Rup pin,, of ipy last communication. This gentle man' seoms to have taken my joko so seriously as to feol induced not to put his pen to paper, but to cause somebody eko to do. it, and writo a lottor in a dofence of liis nowly ac quired roputation as a Resurrectionist preacher. ; Herman Ruppin, in tho letter of liis learned secretary, calls my good-humoured self- dofenco an insult to the dignity of his person. Let this bo so; it is only one prejudice more to his credit. Another minor triflo is his charge of my having mistranslated tho Lathi .motto of iny last lettor. I shall let this pass also, as every child in tho street must know what a finished Latin scholar Herman Ruppin is. But what I moan to stamp as a deliberate and bare faced falsehood is Ins assertion that I sliowod him tho , bono in question - before John M'Cal- lums..fqrioral, altliopgh I canijot see how this oirbumstanco, if ovon true, does in the .iwij. in- tensify tho cliurgo brought against mo. The reason why tliis assertion of tho ranting rabbi is false is this, that it was not very likely that I would carry about with mo a blood-stained, stinking, bono to show as a curiosity to every body without first cleaning it. Consequently for two days after tho post mortem, I had the' Devil's trianglo lying macerating in a solution' of lime, and aftorwards extracted all animal residue — fat, blood, etc. — out of it by boifing for several hours. How, then, could T have shown Herman Ruppin the bone before the funeral of M'Callum 1 To my best recollection, it must have been fully a week after the event spoken of that I did, confidentially and under tho seal of secresy, show my friend H. Ruppin tlio bono in question— I say confidentially and under the seal of secresy, as I was well aware at the time that in matters of doad bones' ghosts the rabies popidi must not be aroused. After this, trust a Jew ! They are bound to have their .pound of flesh, however little they may care about boncB. I come now to the examination of another charge— it is that of blaming me for having ridiculed liis " creed." Herman Ruppin was was never more mistaken in liis life. . When I spoke of Herman Ruppin as a Jew, I was hot- alluding to his religion, but to liis race — to the race of the Jews, which was at all times, as can be proved out of thoir own mouths, a boastful/: vindictive, liypocritioal, stiffnecked, incorrigible, unthankful, ungenerous race of people. They were always considered . untrustworthy; friends and bad neighbours, from the time of tli'eir exodus out of Egypt down to the time of tho last cpwardly attach of Benjamin Disraeli on tlie celebrated historian Goldwin Smith. : I say that if I spoke of Herman Ruppin as a Jew, I had' in my.mind not the religion of the Jews— although tlierq miglit .be a word or two said eydn against their' religion, as being an unprogrcssivo body of religious tenets, the. stereotype rigidity "arid-Tm-. mobility ;of which proventqd them;from,acknow- ietlging the authority .pf that great' .reformer who, as we are told, appeared exactly J870 years ago on the stage of human history. . j . ' , Another; error . that I . think- . the r people, genprafiy are .labouring under . is /their i impres- / sion'that I was too/ hard' oil the poor Woman Margaret ;MfCullum. , , Self-defence' is.jallowetl to'beja law/of human hatiire'i;.ancL I think I did no more'harhi to Mafgareli M'Cullum than/ 1' .would do to apoiaonous.worm; by .putting my heel on its. head. What' has .the", woman to do with the .question,?.. / Wompn .are.; hanged if. .they ' deservd itj/ipBpito of their t"end/er feelings, just as well'as mem I lrnye still to learn that the' human feelings are./ divided into' male feelings . apd. female, feplings,. the,. former , of- whicli'ryou may trample/op Jyitli impii'niity,/ whilst to wound those of tho latter is .an upparcjonable offenco against tliat falsely.. /so- calied nianly spirit of; phiyaby( and forbgarapce which the slie-gex alone :is.epGtieid:tp/. iV , v;;;/' . , c ? " ' Further on tlio doctor says' In conclusion, a few words about /heaven/ hell, infidels, de.vilb,' and myselL :-;Being to a certain extent a- public /ipan, the iubhc;havea/riglit /to, !be' introduced to; ipy heaven, and those, that deserve it, to; my 'liell '/'. ; . /. .1 myself was; born in lieft /'r-I: me/an Austria, ..that /cursed, godforsaken, priekt-ridden country, where , people go about with gags in their/mouths and "bridles on their tongues, and are compelled .to wear masks to lnde; tlieir'lippest faces froih'tbe riders /'of their souls anct bodies'." T ' was' 'ihen .; in hell with |a vengeance. -Not/being a believer in hell, espe-' cially one. that is .too hot and commences so /eiwiyjin fifo,/I.lp'ojied out, if riot for a positive 'heaven/ at least for something less, like tlie hell I was living in— in Jact, I came' to Australia, like so many ptlieripppr.qvretohes yvho had hell At lionie..; / But/!to/'niy -great' . surprise,., I found.-, 7that sbme:burniiig 1 pitch ' and brimstone/ with devils swimming on tlip top of it, liad escaped ,froip tlie religious "and political pandemonium" of /Europeiui / society,; .aiid been driyeu to/ these :8li6res't6 tortiiro tlie 'souls' of. Australia Felix, trying to change/thal'epitliet into Thfelix. ;Biw! as I. an) now here I suppose Isliafi have to fight, . And/'ti//i;dpoUiled,fiiglith//lih:the Priis-- siaii's against tlie 'French, T intend , to fight with such as join my banner against "the Australian: devils wherever,! shalhnieet.thpp),- and in what ever, Jews/ ''Joriekos,' &c.; — they inay present themselves to , mp. " p . The doptor , finishes ,his letter by, remork:- 'ihg up/pn'those .who said thatiliis, former one was ' hot' in the! styie'of a gehtlemah.'-i-I am/ &c.; , I I/;.,, : y ; / ; /. . g. \v, .rohner. / i' '-qfiie atooimts of Hayward; /tlie late ratei 'collector foi tho borough of Fitzroy," have been Bent for "oxamiriatioh to' MrLaiigd'oii, a profes? sional accountant/ and an important' .letter was received, fropi JiipC by . the . borongli , cpuncil on . ' Wednesday night.' Tlie accounts, siiystiie Age; were kept in' a'very. confused manner, and suffij "„cient tiine had "hot elapsed fpr'liim ' 'to go care- fully, th/oiigli/thoni! ; He! stated 'however, that upito'tiie:,yearf/186o 'no' deficiencies had been discovered,' but that' since that date discrepancies existed amounting :iii" the aggregate'/to a sunvof 'iiot les'thhh £2582. Tlio accoiuits were' balanced by" inserting fictitious amouhts, ; and by adding : tip tiie'bolumhs of the retuims 'incorrectly, 'rlh i /one " page alone ah error in , the addition "ofi '£1250/: and in another of £500, /was /discovered, j Some' explanation is needed of the'way in which such palpable errors as these fca!me' tp bo passed over. At the meeting of the' cbiih'oil on .Wed-! nesday evening, a' resolution .qras, carried .jo tlie1 effect that (i professional accountant Should be| appoihtedto audit the books' arid' accounts at a; remimeration of £50 per annum: ' For thoj sake of the ratepayers/of. tiie bprouglq it is a; pity that such' an oxpedibrit was ribt'resorted to' long ago. ; v : ;f ;/ j The . Prussian ..spldierp., ayound h Paris aliaye, 'afceoi'dirig td,/;A;cprresppriderit/pjf /th'o '.Cologne Gazetto, quaitercd thetriselvbs in' tlie splendid; chateaux and( ejogarit villas, gleepingonjuxurious /phps>'../aj44/;8j9rii% ' ancf the; kitchen fire 'fed' 'by bearded soldiois with costly i : works of art or with orange trees." Fruit, grapes, ! potatoes, ju)d vegotriblps arp . fpund - in - abund-l anbe/; rice and coffeb.are supplicd by the/'com- ririssariat, and/men and iibreps.are.iri. good con-; ditiori/ the fatiguing inarches liaving just now! 'ceased/ //;/;'"/! ',/ ' //'.";'./ . J- 