WAR INTELLIGENCE. London has been invaded by the Germans. The ratification of peace allowed a number of soldiers ~w}h> were in the North of ITrance to pay a hurried visit to England; and. Hydepark, St James's-park, and the neighborhoods -of our principal buildings were visited by a number of fair-haired, bronzed, and squareshouldered foreigners, who stared - around them as we are told their companions stared who marched down tbe Champs Elyseea. They were not m uniform, , but they still wore their long ndmg boots and spurs. As most Englishmen fancy that every German cavalry Soldier is a Uhlan, considerable curiosity was excited by the presence of some of the dating horsemen whom the French peasantry have come to regard with a mysterious awe- They roamed round the ponds m St. Jamcs's-park, and lookedat tbe ducks and the nursery-maids ; tbey leaned on the Tailings in. Hvde-park, forming a singular contrast to the slim and pallid loungers there, aud they drove about in hansoms, apparently as delighted as sailors with that novel form of entertainment. It was apparent from the fresh color and splendid physique of the men that they were jnot German clerks who had been called away from Irondon offices and had now returned to tbeir.dnties. Many of them looked like brisk, intelligent and sturdy farmers ; and popular opinion had it tbey were some of tta soldiers who had seen the sea for "the first time as they came to the northern coast of France, and-were now extending their journey to get a glimpse of the capital or England. Here and there an. expert declared them Prussians by reason of long oos and soft q \ and, indeed, but for their speech, which was freely beard at some little distauce:they mighihave been mistaken for a company of goodly Yorkshire - squires; who bad grown big mihtarv moustaches, and wore cavalry boots. Th.ey.must have formed a favourable notion of our London climate, as the day of their visit ivas warm and clear as a day in June. The Times, speaking of the Emperor .Napoleon, observes:—' • The character of Is apoleon IIL -will long remain one of the enipmaa of history. -Weakerm its composition than that of his uncle, it will be universally allowed hereafter—as those who can rise above prejudice allow now-^that it contains better elements. So misgivings ever disturbed tbe serene selfishness of tbe first Emperor. He could sacrifice armies and nations without compunction. The ghosts; of the -tens of thousands who died for bis ends never hauiited his conscience. He could leave ,an army buned in the anowa of Russia, and warm his hands before a fire at Warsaw, with no other thoughtthan • This is better than Moscow.' The exile "who will soon be among us possesses bttle of this compact strength. Always BWlting and irresolute of purpose, and nevermore so thanduniig the last months of^ris reign, he -has been averse from war, and only entered into tie contest with Germ a n y because he dreaded -what might-otherw i s e be the-resentment of France. In his heart be has believed sn the fulfilment of tbe cloudy dreams of. his early manhood. He anticipated France in the inauguration of free trade, as ira shall probably eoon fmd by the adoption of a retrogade policy. : .His, •vowed detestation of the Treafaesof 1S.15 rwas confused way mixed up with the rights of mationalitierf upon which he rested his xslaim to rule Erance. If, indeed, we. compare the present fugitive -with the refugees of 1S30 and ISIS, apart from the terrible disas-, tors which bis -last great fault has brought i upon'France, -we -may be induced to tlunk i • that he deserves to be received witb. as much respect-as they. The Citizen King showed %ovp little he-cared tor tbe Interests of nations _ •when be sacrificed Spam to ennch a son; and Charles X. was innocently incapable of look-: ing upon subjects except as -moltitudes born to obey bis will." -.. • t In reference to tbe insurrection in Bans, itisstated ^lSie revolters have had recourse: to the German system of requisition, but as : yet tbey have conducted It oa a timid scale. The mdignationof ibe better classes mani-- feted itself by a demonstration, winch was: not'-Without effect,- =tSiougb it was a ,bal£-* hearted affair, and terminated m a painful manner- (liarge "bodies of respectable -men. paraded :the :streets, -witb denunciations of; 'the assassins, andwith occasional revihngs" of tbe National Guards wTio are in revolt ; and were shot down to the number of some: twenty or thirty. It is stated for the honor: of the newspapers, that the editors of the Bans newspapers are the only persons who have displayed real valour.. They have all denounced the rebellion, and denied the authority cf Its leaders. Tliis was brave, ^because,"to say nothing of personal danger, W e ostablrahments of the journals are,;«t the mercy of the mob. The Oenteal (Committee appear to have- been awed for thejtitne,-and," reply only-with a meek aort of menace ; and; 5aanay;be "that tbe, jDawahStB reckon iiponf thiar jpower, with- fche? fisndsk. .pnpulafaoii,; : wbieb bas abetract respect -for anythine that as printed,: It js said thai the patriots have I, slaughtered .several.^iersons- within .the two -days, but "no ideifcails are as qpet given. "They were terribly frightened at bearing'. ^Geiinau cannon the. eSber moruinjr, but ibis turned ont%obeGnlythewi3utes Bi-edatSt, •0SnM ; in bonour of-.^e. :3Bniperor!s sevsnty-, liftb birthday. But «me <read ihair " Prance"; A r on Bismnrk bas sappnaed-tbe Covenwnent ibat -if J^ris hasmot-5ietnrnsd to Sunday -next, the -Germane vol! jsee what 4bey<can effect;m.4bas -desirable dineotionJ of troops at Versailles, bnt ii is doubtful •whether they willfigbtiiie STaboual Guards., iBis .ragbt coarse AS to summon up soldiers from theproymoes, BBpeeially the roughsnd pious Bretons, whose love for^ibe Parisians fas:mfiniieaiina"l, and whose-3vill--and power-lfo - £ght are remarkable. Buf be .continuesJto send conciliatory lneaaaees, ,aiid -to propose jjtenns, while the Reds insist on baving clec- ^onsaudcomraun£3^-;J)i-sbortj.!weclo»e-our, , "SummaryswuSiitlie- unsafesfactsry-stateroent that everybody m and near ®aris is afraid, of' •everybody, -and tbat;4tas jon'S>be'!ahance-o} die whether tbe rcvolution'««Slw?es,er breaks;- ' lntoJieruer ilame „ T The correspondent of the-Doily News,'bariuiT described lie entry of tbe- <3eripaus into. - : Pans shows bow he was treated by the mob. —"The alienee and solitude,^? the -Avetaue - Beaugar, by wbicb -ivft etatoreAJParis. seemed> ; very pathetic. ; The proud beauty, I Said io , myself, is wiling her hti'miliation. Tho Avcntte de Malakoff took the edge off the sentiment, and it' vanlshcd -iriteriy, when a little woman who Jiept an aubeTgey, Where I quenched mytbirstin beer, importunedineto . bring her as many Prussian customers.as.pos=sible, and did jnot hesitate to designatbthem as io* garcons.- She might have been an • isolated case ; but tbe aspect of the "Champs Eiys&es; clenched: the:jiai3., All Pans was there, as you may have'Seen ou a;.day when -there was a grand Imperial pageant. Ladies •_. e in damty dresses and . higtbeeled : boots tripped about/ chevaliersof France with Hie : ribbons -in their button boles gratiRed their curiosity at the expense of theirbonor; - The. .. windows were so full tliat T imagine sorao T>f them must have been let for.money..-:, Eiit st - s was the conduct of what may be designated tbe mob . that disgusted me most. 3>rach - a German, soldier. they dare not They cowered—half a hundred of .white-blopded. • hounds—before a solitary -Uhlan strolling iis -. horse listlessly about" But let them only catch an unfortunate^civiiian," aad- thenijustj • mark their.-valour. Fortunately they.are too •• limp and vague to know bow to take life ad-, roitiy, else mauy a murder -might have been • - done in Paris this afternoon,- Say you I speak, from prejudice? M y prejudice, if I have any, was fam to lie the other .way. - I .; speak from soreboned experience. As 1 walkeddowntbe Champs Elys6es,theCroim Pnnce of Saxony with his staff rode by. His guest for many-a week past, I would have • eaten dirt bad l .not raised my hat lo his _ fioyAl Highness. He retnmed my salute, - ana, beckoning to me, be shook bands, anda.-- short conversation ensued. After I had - taken my leave, Count Urztbeiiu, rode after me to communicate from the Prince a piece of information which he was kind enough to s think would be of interest to me. M y companion and myself soon found that this epi- . sode bad gamed us the marked attention of about a hundred of tbe hungry prowlers after heroic seizures on which no risk-was attendant. We thought little of the demonstration at first, and tried to lose our suite by turning i back m the rear of the Bavarians, and halting there, but our unconcern- seemed-to. aggravate the patriots. After much consults- , tion a little party came forward and civilly requested us to follow them to a certain post.. Although apprehensive of • tbB consequences, we were un willing to appeal to the Bavarian, officers, and so be the possible means of precipitating a from* ; we therefore complied. .No sooner -were we outside.tbe German.quarter than tbe tactics were changed. My friend was torn away from me, and as yet I haVo seen no more of him. Cries of * Moucbard;* 'Sacre Prussien,' ',Cochon,'- assailed me.;. Somebody bit me -over tbe bead with -.a stick; another kicked me from behind ; , yet another tripped me up. I went down and the patriots jumped oil roe with sabots. I struggled up, and hitting out right and. left, made my way to an officer of the National Guard. He laughed and turned away. Then tbey got me - .down again, striking each -other m ..their eagerness to have a blow at me. Some clamoured, 'To tbe Seraewithhim,'butothers tbe majority, were for the pobce-station. Thither accordingly .I was conducted m a novel fashion, on my back, and dragged by tlie-lega, a distance of socie 300 yards. JTeed- " less to say that my coat was m ribbons, my head was cut, my back bumped into bruises, mv legs torn nearly out of tbe sockets. Great powers? bow I longed, as they dragged mo along, for a .single section of tbe old Royal Dragoons, that I might have a chance at but three of the cowards at a time. Chucked inside the police station like a bale of goods, I was conveyed by a back door, and m the pleasing companionship of a drunken woman," a bionse who bad stolen a lump of putty, and a tatter-demalion who bad been selling a coupleof cigars to:a German, to a certain prefect, a venerable gentleman in a white tie. T sent a note .to the British -Embassy, whence emanated with creditable alacrity the porter, an official whom Ibave learnt to look uponas the British. Embassy incarnate. The benevolent prefect released me, and I was plad to slink home in my soiled aud tattered clothes.'' A day or two after, having tried m vain to discover some of the wretches who had maltreated him, be expressed his opinion as follows :—** It is one of the Wellcrs—whether father or son I cannot remember—who calls attention t-o. tbe .mystery attending the dis- . appearance of -dead.donkeys and old post-: bnys. Had thej sagacious observer in question been in Pans at the period, I think lie might have added a third wonderment to his list. What on earth has-become of thecrowd. —Crowd is too good a word—of the scum of wretches that inundated xhe German.quarter and its environs on ihe 1st inst,' Where are tbe stunted, thm- faced, evil-eyed, -scra<^ynecked, knob-jointed, vrhite-livered horde of miscreants that yelled and whistled and swore and shrunk into their clumsy sabots or Totten hiahlows when a German looked their way t Where the noble bands of patriots that stripped wretched women and painted the.German colours", on their naked 2or-h "i Where the 300 beroes, none above 5ft Sm in height, who achieved the gallant exploit of. my capture; and with such Herculean exertions for the behoof of fa paErigj dragged me alonij m the gutter"^ I protest I- caunot find a trace of tliem, nor can I find anybody who knows anything as to their - whereabouts.- . Certainly tbey were lint myths. M y knuckles \ demonstrate unto-me the-certainty that tbey were not " "trifles -light-as: air.'' oven if my- ' back and ribs, were Jiot confiroiatorv." And I thinkl"6houldknow. some of. my more parti- - cular friends again if Icnnld only see them. ' My Tupply. of mrt*.* de stsiie-was -unforbi- .- nately short, but I took the liberty of : distributing a few souvenirs winch -were not so. graciously, received. :as smight have been, but- yet could «=erve for purposes, of •• identification. But the whole horde have utterly vanished—faded clean -out of sight. . People told me loonld find a laree propor- -;[ turn of its members in ©elevillp. T have been . m Belleville all tbe afternoon, but bave seen nobody I knew, and not many o' the pattern. -.. of my friends.- Do tbev-live habitually in the cellars, these interesting contributions to the aggregate of the population of PaJisj and mevercome up but when there,is some work • to be done that is after their owii hearts ">. There are ronsbs in London. These I know where .to -find-- They,. ar« someibing like roughs,: too. . The K division of notice runs small, aud-a good-ShoreditcborWMtecbapel••,.: rongh bas nt> objection, when occasion demands, to cope singly "witJi any -member ,»f thafcrespected force. :Bufcthe Pans : mrngh :. as be demonstrated bimself-on the ist jjnbn, isindividually acontemptib'e creature. I'll y- -sicnlly,-be -is a.-cross- .between- a cat and A rabbit. His Just fbr "blood - beats i-tliat of ® stoat—and it is here wherein be differ from your British rough; ."who -bates -bfeod sexoept under "tbe skin ih the tiiTie of extravasaliwi i. —but bis scowardice interferes witb b» realisation of tbe treat. Where be sets to 'Wben - , times ar« laot-^avourablefortbefre^^develnp- :. ment of Jijh iaJosyncracy is to tu££ia& tbe , cbiefest of. tbe -many puzzles "KsJach this -strange city aSords. » - It-is supposed-fliat a successor to the lata Dr Goriigan will be obtained, from 3£o n ie, but meanwlnle lb e Btaff of teachtra wbn hive been employed at Wesley Colleee -will, w^Mi ibe presideisij preserve tbe e3ic--isa.jyof ihs school, 