JACK'S AUNT'S FLAT CANDLE STICK. Jack—that is, Jack Wyvill, of course —was one of the staff of the Saturday Startler, a weekly journal, combining sen- <*> sation romance with the political and other intelligence. I was dramatic critic of that organ, an arrangement which suited me, because, having to do the theatres for the Daily Dashavoay, I found it no difficulty to reel off a second notice of the piece for the hebdomadel. Jack Wyvill was doing the leading romance writer and a few other bdd things on the paper. We took a fancy to each other, and spent many aa afternoon, and not a few evenings, together.. He was a gen tleman—that there was not & doubt of—bnt he .was in sorely reduced circumstances ; and the anecdotes he related to me of the^time when he and a friend, who was an academy student, lived in a garret in Gray's Inn, in a con stant state of siege by creditors, were as amusing as his stories in the Startler, with the advantage of being true besides. But, amusing as they might be to those who heard them, they could not have been pleasant to the actors, and I said as much to Jack. " What would you have?" he answered. "When you're dunned for money you don't choose to pay, it's all .very well; you can ring the curtain down on the comedy when you're tired. But when you positively can't pay, you must play—play it out to the last scene." " But, hang it all!" said 1, with a recollection of stress of debt at college, and of its removal, "couldn't you apply to your friends V " Hold hard, young man!" said Jack— he was some four or five years my senior in age—in experience of the world and life more than that—"you're using a word there which I always like to have clearly denned. What do you mean by ' friends V J h^d only one real' friend' then—Jim Dowries, the young painter I told you of, wtfo shared chambers. He had exactly as much as I had—nothing! If he had been possessed of a' penny more than I he wouldn't have been a real friend. If you mean the ordinary article termed < friend/ and procurable (while yqu have the money) in assorted lots, then let me tell you they would have been the last people I should have applied to, it being my experience that a confes sion of weakness to them is dangerous. There are only two seta of people, ob far as my experience goes, who really will go out of their way to injure you—the friends you've always tried to help, and the enemies you've never tried to harm. I The rest of ifoe ' <FojDld doesn't know enough about you to take any trouble. ' Now', give me a light, for I've lot my pipe out during the sermon." "I meant relations, Jack," said I apologetically, "whenl used the conven tional vagueness you have very properly pitched into." "Oh ! that's, even, -sforse, for of all peqple in, the wotd^,' one's rela tions are those who are least likely to pro^e pile's friends. J have no rela tions, except a rjoh old aunt," ((Tr' a6 very party to apply j? «p os . 81 <$L* - c ™*y Pirty *? *? refu?^ ft id by—with a snubbing in! Bless you, the old girl is serious. When she heard I was a ' writing fellowI—es- pecially of fiction (though for that matter I don't see much difference between a Btory teller and a newspaper correspon dent) —she resolutely refused to see me or hear of me. Tracts I might hava written, and remained in her favor. I never cared to bother her ; for I had al ways, as a youngster, been foolishly in dependent, and hated the notion of making up to her for her coin. I said I would make my own way Jn the world by my talent." I was doing fairly well at the time. My college debts having been cleared off, I was keeping my terms at the Temple on an income which, with what 1 got by my pen, was more than enough for my humble requirements. I was able to be of some assistance to Jack therefore—though only in the way of loans, which he scrupulously re paid when he drew his money. Time went on, and I was called to the bar. Jack was at my call- supper—and that was the last Isaw of him for a long time; for 'my mother was taken seriously ill, and I was telegraphed for. I went home, and watched by her bedside until she waa taken away. I was very fond of her ; the only parent I had ever known, for my father had died while I was an infant. I was her only child. It was a long time before I recovered from the blow, and the ar rangement of affairs kept me in the country yet longer. When I returned to town, I found the little world in which I moved knew me no longer. My place had been filled up, and had I wanted work —which luckily I did not—l should have had but a poor chance of procuring employment on any paper. I had dropped out of the running completely. Several times I visited old haunts, chiefly in the hope of meeting Jack again. But 1 never fell in with him, and some one told me he thought he had gone off as " sub 1' for a provincial paper. But one night as I was sitting alone in my chambers study ing a brief—l had begun to practice in a small way now—there came a timid knock at the door. I opened, and in came the ghost of Jack Wyvill. He had never— as my description of him will have led yon to supposed—looked too robust, well fed, or prosperous. But now he was the shadow of his former self. We hardly spoke, for, after shaking him warmly by the hand, and thrusting him into an easy chair by the fire, I rushed into my larder with an instinctive knowledge that he was faint from want of food. When he had eaten the modest meal of cold meat and bread and cheese which my stores supplied, and drunk a little warm grog, he and I began to talk. " What has been going wrong, Jack ?" I asked. " Nothing !at least not more wrong than usual. When I saw you last 1 was going down hill — and there's not much difference now, I guess—unless it is that I must be pretty near the bottom of the hill; unless it happens to be the sloping side of a pit that shall be nameless." " Why didn't you come before V " I came so often and found the oak sported that I gave it up." I told him the reason of my ab sence for such a long time, and enquired what he had been doing. He took a note book from his pocket, full of that thin paper which is known as reporter's "flimsy." "Penny-a-line!" said Jack. "Parliamentary?" I asked. "Fires!" was the reply. " But there are so many in the same line. Still," he added, with a grim smile that reminded me of old times, " I've one advantage." " Style?" "No; but as I am generally without a lodging, and have to walk about the streets ail night, I get the start of the others." I was horror-struck. The idea of such a man without a roof to cover him, wandering about the cruel streets —weary and footsore! I cast an in voluntary glance at his feet, as this thought occurred to me. " Yes," he said, seeing the direction of the look, '' That's the wont of it •" and he turned his foot up so that I could see his boots were almost soleleas, go worn and ragged were they. "You haven't an old pair to spare ?" At which request I used pro fane language that I trust the Recording Angel, acting upon precedent, was good enough not to set down in indelible ink. I vowed Jack should have a new rig-out and a home in my rooms till things looked up for him. "That will be never !" said he despondingly. " I have come down gradually -and surely. If I had come from the top of the stairs to the bottom with one crash, I might find courage to hark back; but hang it all! I've come down the whole flight, with a bump on each particular step." " How did it happen?" "I don't know! Bad luck, competition, and the spite and jealousyof others—notably of that bloated imposter, Brown — John Brown, who, when he was turned away by his master, the chemist and druggist, for licking the antibilions pills, took to literature, and assumed the name of Phvntagenet Brown. He never forgave me for ■ nicknaming him ' Hoofs.' You remember he had the biggest feet and the smallest brains ever known. If he could only have gone j through the world t'other end up, like Quilp's boy, in the ' Old Curiosity Shop,' he'd have been a success. He got me out of my romance work for the StartUr, and contrived to wriggle me out of some other jobs. Then I had to try my hand at * penny awfuls,' but that didn't do, as I couldn't refrain from punishing my high waymen heroes, and making my burglar heroes pitiful sneaks. My last chance was working for a red specimen of a Jew, who tried Ao pass himself off for a Christian, simply because an ancestor of his hap pened to be crucified at the same time as the founder of our faith. I had a fore-' knowledge he would be the end of me." "What an illiberal chap you are about Jews!" "Always was-—never got over being swindled at my first start by Blagg, who got me to do his work, and took the credit to himself." "But he wasn't a Jew." " No, but wasn't he exactly like one ?. Seemed as if Nature had consi derately put that mark on him to save Christianity from the disgrace of hint." "Jack, I'm ashamed of you—your language isn't Qhriatianlty, goodness knows!" " Oome! just you try and cultivate gentleness and forbearance in my school—starvation and homelessneu." I have only described Jack, and his temper, and his troubles, to show what he would suffer sooner than ask help from his aunt. He told me the old lady had made overtures of peace to him, but that they had come through a greasy syco phant, who hung about her in hopes of getting'her money. The overtures, so Jack declared, were more insulting than neglect, and h,e sent his aunt such a reply as silenced all further attempt at recon ciliation. ■ Her emissary was a retired chandler, who had taken to preaching and collecting for missions. Bos aunt had said she hoped if Jack oame home, that he would be a " brand snatched from the burning" by the sanctimonious tallow merchant. Jack's answer was, that he would rather not be made a farthing dip of to be stuck in such a flat- candlestick. Well, to .make a long story short, I did what I could for Jack—gave him the run of my rooms, a share of my purse, and procured him some copying; for he wouldn't consent to take a penny of me, until he saw a chance of «%rajpg the money to repay me. At last, one evening' when I came home to chambers, I found a slip of paper and a cutting from a daily journal. On the slip was' pencilled— *' Lock at the cutting. Aunt departed. Went to her lawyers, more out of bravado than anything else. They knew nothing■ about the will* but believed there was a legacy for me. I'm. "off to find but.'" I must tell the rest as Jack told it to me oij his return. "I went to the old girl's lawyers, as 1 told you on that scrap, of gaj^. They were nthgt in a huff abn- 6 nfrfifcbavior, aad offended at old Tallow,' ao" they told me Td. better see what the fegacy was. It seemed that a year ago an agent, who had been - collector of "her rents, had swindled her, and was detected by Old Tallow. —* Set a thief, &c.;' My aunt was furious, sold all her house property, and even such stock as she had, and put all the money she realised into -the Bank of England, which she vowed was the only safe place for a defenceless woman to pat her little all in. Consequently she paid her lawyers their bill, and there was an end of their agency, much to their disgust. Well, off I went to my aunt's, where I found her old housekeeper was furious at the will, which left everything to Old Tal low, except a paltry legacy to me, about which more anon. ' It's all a mystery to me, Master John'—she seemed still to think of me as the boy I was when I used to spend my holidays there— ' and if you mean to dispute it I'll swear she was out of her mind. Bless you, she'd found that smooth-tongued vaga bond out, and that's what puzzles me so. She told me the very day before she made the will that she had overheard him and his -wife—who came pretending to nurse her—whispering when they thought she was asleep. He had been saying how clever it was of him not to give you her message (which was a forgivingone, Master John), and had made you so savage that you wrote so as to cut off your chance. They talked about a lot of other things too, and quite opened the old lady's eyes to their wicked ways. And she told me bo—as sure as you stand there, sir—and said how she'd defeat them by her will. Juit fancy my as tonishment then, when I came to witness her will next day, and it gave all she had in the world to him, except her old china bed-candlestick, which she left to you.' Of course I saw what the legacy meant-r an allusion to my message—so I fancied the old housekeeper must have been mis taken about my aunt's discovery and re lenting. But she stuck to it all the same. While we were talking who should' come in but Old Tallow himself, with a greasy smile of satisfaction, and a sneaking declaration that he forgave me my enmity and abuse. He had, he said, a sacred duty to perform—to de liver to me with his own hands my aunt's legacy. He grinned as he said it, for he knew the allusion as well as I did. ' Here it is, bit,' said he, 'in exact accordance with the instructions of her will, to wit,. "The white porcelain flat candlestick which stands by my bedside, together with all that it contains." There it is, sir! Good-day!' "He took his leave hastily, for he saw something unpleasant in my eye. He left me standing in the parlor with the candlestick in n>y hand, and went hur riedly downstairs, and out of the house, before I could find words. The instant I recovered myself I flung up the window, and hurled the candlestick out into the street. There was a smash, and aloud cry of pain ! The missile had descended on Old Tallow's head as he was crossing the road, had knocked his hat over his eyes, and given him a hardish rap on the crown. As soon aa he got clear of his hat, he beckoned to a policeman who was standing at the corner of the next street. I hurried down to explain the accident, followed by the housekeeper. He in sisted to the policeman that it was an assault, with malice prepense. I appealed to the housekeeper to prove that I had thrown the candlestrick away without looking out of the window. But she, with a woman's instinct, had picked up the fragments of the candlestick, with an unconscious wonder whether it would mend. She pulled the bit of candle-end out; the scrap of paper wound round it came out with it, became partially un folded. I saw her give a start, seize the paper and open it. Then she burst out laughing, and handed it to me. It was a cheque—dated the day previous to that on which the will had been signed—for every penny m? aunt had in the bank; in other words, for all her fortune. You should have seen Old Tallow's face then! Bat look here, it's all right, isn't it? The old housekeeper will swear to her conversa tion about defeating Old Tallow. The old girl'wanted to pay him in his own coin, perhaps ; or she thought if she made a different will he'd forge one, and if she left the cheque for me openly he'd steal it. But what I was going to say is, do you think the money is legally mine in case Old Tallow disputes it ? Her words were, ' the «andlestick and all it contains.'" That's the end of Jack's story. lam engaged-now in entraining his claim, and looking up the law of the case, on the chance of Old Tallow's throwing the matter into Chancery.— 2kmple £«r. 