SPECTRES OF OUR TIME. (FBOH 'ALL TBX TUR EOUKD.' Xte unfailing iotereat which attache* to a veU-auUienlicated ghost story— not to speak of the equally robnat expectation that from tub fresh phenomenoD as it occurs, shall be turn a theory of explication that may oover nmcn that is foregone— furnishes a sufficient «caie for oontinuing to arrest and ohromole, if m may not analyse, those mysterious gleams tut about across onr ordinary life, and vanish, ? luring only, acoording to arcuinstanoea, a per plexed reooUeotioo or an indistinct fear. ??lstberenotacsusej' Again and again is the question propounded, and never yet, so far u tbe writer ia aware, has it called forth any tuBwer calculated to retain the oolour of reason under the powerleM lens of philosophical in to tbe vision due to tbe seer or the seen! If the former, how is it that a condition, unqnes tnnably to peculiar and ahnnrmal as to produoe tbe needful receptivity, is reached at precisely tb« amme moment, by two or more individuals, differipg entirely in mental and bodily constitu tion, and yet witnesses of the aame vision T If, on tbe oilier hand, these spectra can reveal themselves at pleasure, how strange is it that tbe wle result that most frequently follows such departures from the hitherto recognised laws of nature, ii the alarming some timid infant, or itolid ignorant boor T That ghosts have looal predileoUons is a fact no las lainiliarthan the popular mode of account ing for it, namely, tradition, by virtue of which the spectre is forcibly kept going, emdisoon jored np whenever there is danger of its dis appearing for good and all. But even a ghost matt have a beginning, and how, when theie it at yet no tradition I There was none at D., an extensive property in'EsKi, sixteen years ago, in the pewtinn of Uw writer's brother, where an extraordinary incident of this description undoubtedly oc curred. D. Church, a picturesque old edifioe, well mantled in ivy, and half -oonoealed on two sidw by cypratt'and the dismal yew, stands in the put, about a quarter of a mile from the hall It vat about sixteen yean ainos that the clerk, a ray tUid and sober man, much respected in the pariah, having had oooasjon, one autnmn evening, to visit the church, returned nattily, pale and disordered, to his home, and announced tbtt a strange thing had befallen him. He had quitted the ohureh while it was yet light, and *h half-way down the path, when a figure appeared to enter by the ohnrohyard gate, and more to meet him. It was that of a woman of the cottage elan, decently dressed, and wear ing a red cloak. She seemed to be stooping, but, u the distaooe lessened, the horrified man uw tilt she ni nesdleas ! As he shrank instinctively tram the path, the spectre, with out staying its measured step, passed olose betide him, and, having done so, disappeared. The man's serioos and truthful character ap pears to have considerably narrowed the field of explanation. No one doubted that he had really seen tbe vision he described, and it was equally undeniable that no one ooold explain itt object and character. The rfnumstanos itself bit a very painful impreatioii on tbe poor clerk's misd, and possibly anted injuriously on ha already failing health. He died within a few months, having frequently adverted to the M currenc., adhering to the story as he had from toe first related it Two years later, at a (not in the graveyard dote to that at which beTad encountered tb. vision, then was dug np the headless skeleton of a woman. ? .; this, however, ia only half theater*. Several years more elapsed, and the rectory of D. bad paasedintothTGndsof the Beverend A- W.H.,m, old friend and schoolfellow of toe «nter, Irom whose lipi the Utter leaned the ''Owleuttbat follows i One morning the rector received an one*. pected viait from ? friend whom he had not teen for some time, and who had never pre vioutly visited that part of tbe country. Paring laooheoa, the rector happened to apeak in oom neadation of an organ which had been recently placed in his ohurch7 upon wWoh the visitor, Mr. 8., himself a skilful organist, expressed a *»h to try it, and presently under the guidance ofoo.oluishotfs dsughtm, Mis* Emily B., proceeded to the spot rfr ? Itwasahotsammer afternoon, and the pair lingered in the cool man-loft, enjoying the swelling chorda, as eaofa in tarn essayed the instrument. It was Mr. B. who eras playing, when his companion noticed that, after glano ing carelessly over tua shoulder, bis CM* became suddenly find, bis hands ttopped, Tils bos be earns deadly pale. .?;~a^ Before Musl£ oould question him, bowtver, h« had regained hie usual demeanour. 'U it gone,' he said, passing bis haadaoroet hitforehead, witha Sigh s» of reliet 'Bat, do you know, I have sees a spectre J' The young lady amiUd, as she looked down the aide, radiant with the westering son, as it glowed through the stained-lias* windows. 77 You are imaginative. Whit was it liket Whenosdidit.flOjiier 'The but question I will not pretend to newer,' npliad Mr. 8, 'I only VnoV tt*t Jhe-thtt is, tt- eatered at tte door, paasad Wflyan3«|W^aad»i»isheJ.'^ . ?;fAul5fo»»se»baisj.r .^ 'Hers was sooe. The ogore was head lets,' «Wnrt«re»»' -'? '?'?* *' -:. = ' -' '-: f... ruing, 'sod tSHinwrpVotod aoditor has J»tort^»y nsrrat. -Sh^ wTtak* a fora in iff* fa H&J;, to on reaching hwoe Mftuttted Junre he had AMJiuV' pffy a; joonysied, -Wpan OH th-tahl^*\%»£n^tn SI! IMIieillSsTlllfl-r uB*U^1^fc^t£ br^STparitta., ^Wj»jpw|»jsdjii.r;%f !»!««»??«►. Mttaiive «s -TiHn«tiBihffi*'TftTT**'i'J' can iM'th'e8^^40-' ^proceeded to Nothing oould be more delightfuL It stood a. very wque^tad £%££ . £l?Z tanteven from the. very little vilUe ot ^ whose one modeet frW tt. Bed Oo*w, leemed surpsated toe representations of the advertiae. ment j and what ereo more excited Mr. fionatd. eon s astonuhment was the faot, first revealed ^° '''J'^1^ lUid old nonsekeeper; uS 'J^.^^bBrt ejtttmenta were fitted wiS old but handsome fumitttre, the tueof wSS was udnded in tho terms demanded. So charmed was the visitor with aU he saw, that he at once resolved on taking the house! and, only giving himself time to take the fumuhed, hastened back to London, to olose with the agent, having informed the old house keeper that he would return on the following Saturday to make final arrangements. It chanced that, on the day in question, Mr. Bonaldson wai unable to visit W. until eo late an hour that the dark surprised him while still engaged in acquainting themselves with the charms and capabilities ol his new dwelling Anxions, howercr, lo obmplote tbe basinets he expressed an intention of remaining to sleep. fn-ir?0lS!tod *?* » iMg' bedroom, to which he had taken a strong fancy, might be prepared for him. The housekeeper began immediately to start a host of difficulties? The room itself Was damp— the bed-linen tuuired— the chimnev choked with soot, *o. The gentleman would find the Bed Cow, though amaU, very clean and comfortable, and, moreover, would there find a good supper, which the nnfnrnUhed larder of the manaion certainly oould not aupply. But Mr. fionaldson was of a character that rather relished a oontest with difficulties. He would be content, for the nonce, with «sofa. As for supper, a rasher of bacon with a couple of eggs and a cup of tea, were all that he re quired, and were, in fact, his favourite refoc cjEon. The housekeeper reluctantly gave way, and only warning the visitor that, if he were not lodged and fed to his entire satisfaction, the blame should not rest with her, withdrew to make preparation. A far better repast than he had Dees led to expect rewarded Mr. HonaUson's peneveranoe. Furthermore, the housekeeper presently pro nounced the enormous bed to be perfectly dry, and, in point of comfort, worthy of the occupa tion of royally itself 1 It seemed at if— now there was no help for it— the visitor was to be made as comfortable as possible. On being cooahoted to his chamber, Mr. fionaldson found it a perfect blaze of aplen door. Every place in the room calculated for the reception ot a candle exhibited ooe. ' My good lady f said the astonished guest, ?baiting bis eyes, ' I cannot sleep in the midst of this illumination 1 Fray help me to reduce it a little,' With curious relucUnoo the old woman aided in the extinguishment of about four-fifths of the lights); after which she continued to flit restlessly about the room so bug, that Mr. Bonaldton, losing patience, announced his inten tion of retiring instantly to rest. The housekeeper moved to the door, but, pausing, came back, 'I beg your pardon, sir,' the said 2 'Ihave one favour to ask, and it ia for your own oom fort, too. Be so land as to leave at least one light burning when you go to bed.' « t am not aoooitomed to a light in my room, and dislike it very much,' he replied. ' So if you mean it, at you say, for my comfort—' '1 do, sir, and I request it particularly,' ?aid the woman, earnestly. 'All right Til remember. Goodnight' Hi. Bonaldsonaat musing for a little while by tie lire ; then, starting np, undressed, put out all the remaining lights, and was in the act of stepping into bed when he remembered his promise. 'Deuoe take it,' he mattered. 'Bat I must be as good as my word.' And, relighting a candle, he placed it on a side-table, and got into bed. Nothing oould be cosier, bnt still it to hap pened that he oould not sleep. No change of position was of any avail. Best he could not ; and thinking that perhaps the unaccustomed light had banished slumber, he at length sprang out of bed, blew oat the candle, and returned to his net No sooner had he lain down than a singular hoarse murmur, like a distant sea, made itself audible from below. By degrees, growing loader, it resolved itself into voices — the vtriaee of men engaged in a dispute, which every moment became mow violent Oathsend imprecations ancoeeded, and, at length, blows. Upon this Mr. Bonaldson jumped oat of bed and lit tbe candle. In an instant all was still as death. He rubbed his eyes : 'I must have been dreaming without know ing it,' be muttered. But, on looking at hi* watch, he found that not three ««»'nt*f had elapsed sinoe he had last lain down. Once more he got into bed; but again the light annoyed him, and he extibgnished it In ? seoood, the mysterious quarrel recommenced, with greater fury than before. The voices rose loader, the execrations were more frequent, then was a rush and trample .of feet, then blows, delivered, apparently, with savage par pose, RwisMsbd ODoe more lit the candle. The tomnUotaied as suddenly and completely at before. -.--? .? -.??:.? . Booaldsontcokatumortwointhe'cnamber, debating what he should do. Wat it fancy! Borne mental disturbance beyond his control? He felt hi* pal'. n» *»&?* *-? *?'. ud- finally, resolved to try the experiment calmly onoe again. He placed the lighted naodle beside the bed, and, lying down, extinguished it with a wave of fait handkerchief. The con test below was resumed with twofold violence. It was, as the listener declared, like a battle of fiends I Foreign languages were need, baft little more than imprecations wen intelligible, and, atrangeat feature of all, those expressions which seemed to proceed -from Eogliih osmbataots wen, as Mr. SoocUson affirmed, tooh as be longed to alormtr age. Cries and Kroansauoceeded, and Mr. ftooald son, unable to remain quiescent while such a asens was, even in fancy, proceeding beneath him, for the last time left hit bed, and lit not only bis bed-eaadle, bnt every other candle in the apartment All again was still, but the visitor had had enough, jud paced the haunted room till morning. Upon questioning the housekeeper, that staid person simply tnouired if the request she had kade had been complied with, and, finding it was not, reopectfully, but positively, refused anyrespontJoiUtyMtotheooBtequeuoeswhioh, she was ready to admit, usually followed, Nor eould her questioner obtain any further aatu faction from this quarter. ; Ha was not more f oi^unats with the agent, to whom be related the disturbMoe. which, if sot explained, would certainly compel him to resign the bargain. The agent merely bowed, anThandedntmhai the agreement , The excitement of that night at W. affected Mr. SonaldewftheaUh. ; A week or two later, he WM attacked with brain.fcver, fmm which, however, he completely recovered. It might bo suggested that this .was rather the cane, ttaulffeotTot the nocturnal conflict at W. g bothowaoooantforthe renmttandooiidootof ihs housekeeper, and the entlrs abseMe of surprise on the part of that T«yv»chetl and boBneN-liks man, the agent, wbm Mformed that this spackms and most desirable lanuly osnsta w^riBinhaUUbU by reason of the qusrrals of ghoSy banditti} \- If hsontoi house* ere as {ileotifill in London itseUMSonupenons assert, it may really be ooo» neooesary to insert in fcasel a short con ditional daBjiharing JfefeBWoetottw^ torn of dittnrbanoa. The inoombent of a West^od diatriot »» but ;*w»W/ iMMSolted on the «nh isct of a Urgehcjws.bat a few hundred yards from Belerere*iu»re, from wbioh tenant after tonantbST departed in despair, and in which no acrrantoooldbepenusaedltoreaitin. '-.S» to; msation myaterimu Botos, 'spirit' hands cunous that, in this house, several years since, a now defunct spiritualist society held occa sional meetings. Another very large boose, in a fashionable street, had to be given np by the lessee, a dmtinguuhed g«n«r»| offiuw, »t a. considerable Babntioe, hit Udy's rest, and, indeed, bis own, being perpetually broken by smothered shrieks, of wbich it proved impossible to ascertain the oauae. But, of all the spectres of our time, none have, in amount and character of testimony, exoeeded that of B., personally investigated by the writer, a few weeks after tbe commence ment of the disturbing infinence. It was in a letter from a friend residing in the neighbourhood— Sir C. 8.— that the writer received intimation of certain occurrences at B.t so remarkable, yet so authentic, as to justify a visit of inquiry to the spot. The pretty sequestered village of B. u situated a few miles from Eugby, and consists only of a few small dwellings of the cottage clam, the inhabitants of which appeared both clean, sober, and intelligent, with manners whiuh might have done honour to a more polished community. In this village died, March the 3rd, 1861, a Mrs. Knebb, aged sixty-seven. Bom and bred in the place, she had married, late in life, a person of some means, nho, dying, left her in easy circumatancea fur persons of her class, the cottage in whioh she resided forming a portion of her own property. She was, however, of a most penurious disposition, concealing to tbe utmost bar means of subsistence, and denying herself the necessaries of life to auch an extent as to bring on the illness of which she Bubne quentiy died. Daring this illness she was supplied with all she needed by her nephew, Mr. Hart, a farmer, and was nursed by her neighbours, Mrs. Holding and Ura. Griffin, her babite retaining auch a hold upon her that she, on one occasion, pretending to be pennilese, sent Mrs. Holding to beg for sixpence to purchase brandy. As her end approached, she betrayed no tnental disquietude, buf^ when turned in her bed by her two attendants, expressed an opinion that she should not survive that night, adding that she trusted it would prove eo, and that before another she would be in paradise. She did, in foot, die that night, having a short time before left everything, by will, with the executonhip, to her nepbew, Mr. Hart A month after tbe funeral, Mrs. Holding and her uncle, who occupied the cottage ad joining that ot the deceased, which had been ahut up, were alarmed by loud thumpe against the partition wall, «l«mm;nfl of doors, and eonnde as of furniture violently thrown about This but circumttanoe was the stranger, seeing that everything -had been removed from the building. But, on entering tbe home, all Was quiet. These noises generally commenced about two o'clock a.m. (the tune of the old woman's death), but sometimes earlier, and caused so much alum that Mrs. Holding declared that they could never bear to go to bed till eleven, *n unheard-of dissipation at B., in order that, when they did retire, fatigue might enable them to sleep through it all. One night, however, the noise was bo fearful, that Mrs. Holden got up and went in search of her uncle, who was absent His consolatory comment waa simply : ' Well, missis, 1 do believe there's our Missis Knebb come back 1' On the 9th of April, the family of a respect able sawyer, named Accleton, tempted by the low rent, came into the disturbed house. Mrs. Accleton informed the writer that ehe occupied tbe bedroom in which the old woman died, a rather lofty and commodioot apartment, having in the ceding a small trapdoor, leading to a sort of loft among the rafters. Accletuo was much from home, but the eldest child, a girl of ten, slept in a small bed in a corner, about three paces from her motber. On one occasion, soon after they entered, Mrs. A. wsa awakened, about two in the morn U8t by * tremendous crash in the room below. Thinkiog it was her husband, who had gone to Humorton feast, she called out, 'Oh, eo you've oume home at last, I can hear.' So answer was returned, but tbe noises were renewed at intervals, until seven o'clock, when the husband returned. Similar sounds were heard nearly every night, but nothing waa seen until ooe night, or rather one morning, about two, the elder Acoletont were aroused by load shrieks from tbe child : 'Mother, mother] There's a woman stand ing by my bed, a-shsking her head at me.' The ptrenU saw nothing, but the obild per sisting, Accleton got up, and approached tbe bed, atying : 'Nonsense, nonsense, girL It's only your mother's cap and gown hanging on your bed.' (This ui not the case, it beiug merely said to pacify her.) The girl, however, reiterated her Btory, add ing that the woman wore a white cap and mottled gown, and was very tall. (The de oeaaed Mrs. Knebb Was five feet eleven inches in height) All was now quiet till abont four, when the child, who had been lying with her feoe to tbe wall, shrieked out again in an agony of terror : 'Mother, mother 1 Here's that woman again 1' She deolared that the visitor had awakened her by turning the corner of the sheet over her face. The apparition was seen by tbe little girl in all seven times, and her health, the mother de clared, had been seriously injured by the ner vous shock, though, ' by the blessing of God, and with youth on her side,' she would now get over it She was a pretty, blue-eyed, intelligent child, with a frank, infantine manner, the reverse of cunning. She told the writer that the spectre came with a low laughing, or singing voice, wsa surrounded by a 'brown light, stood erect with folded hands, and gated at her in a bold, firm manner. Up to this time, some degree of incredulity existed among the neighbours at to tbe child s statement, a feeling never partaken of by the, mother. But all doubts were soon to be set at rest Mrs. Aodeton, whose mother waa sleeping with her, in the absence of her husband, was awakened ooe morning, at two, by a sudden light in the room. In an insUot, tho idea of the spectral pretense crossed her mind, and she at first closed her eyes, resolved not to see it, but, regaining murage, ' I said to myself/1 she related, ' the Lord'e will be done. I uever did her any harm. With that I lifted my head from tbe pillow, and there she stood, at the bed's foot, and 'set' me as firm and proud as if she was alive. I looked at her full five minute*, Then I apoke to my motber, who waa awake, and told her there waa Mrs. Knebb. But she only said, ? liord help us, don't see it I' and pulled the clothes over her head. ' Ura. Aooletoo had previously deolared her intention to address the spirit, should it appear, but her courage proved unequal to this, though, she added, it moved towards her with a gentle and appealing manner, and even slightly touched the, bolster, 'as though it would have aaid, ?Speak, speak.'' The form and face were distinctly visible in a misty light; it was be yond question the presentiment ot tho deceased woman. ??'??? Mrs. Badbum, a determined-looking dame of about threescore, who had enjoyed the dan gerous honour of partaking Un. Aooleton'a couch, stated that she w»» atuoud one night by a pressure on her elbow. The room was so light that, mistaking it for -dawn, she prepared to nn, when a elock struck two, and she in the same instant became aware of the praunoe of tbe apparrtiott. : It stood between Aer wd the window, 'Patches of light', were about tbe room, all the witnesses alluding to oorneo»tiont of Bome description, which always accompanied the eneolze, as it went 'fluttering ' through the apartment ; . 'V. A very well-mannered ana intelligent wo man was Mia. Grifflo, before-mentioned, who: twdnuned the deceased, and performed the las* offices to the dead. She,, too, was (routed at tbe aame hour by the aame cause. She,, however, pot wind more nerve than her neigh hours, for though oonsoiout of tbe presence of tbe apparition, she determined to baulk endsaSa, ? Mv .old wench, you ahan't know I'm ? Th« apirit, however, txercUedeome oompul aory power, or cariosity did, and Mrs. Griffin, aaw i£es[)eobe, looking 'bold and impudent,' and wearing a tfars mottled goWo, and a doable-bordered white cap, in whiah she was droned for toe grave. , .: -: Tiding the room, and sending streams or ' rib bons of lustre towards tut portion of the ceiling where tbe tr»p-door was situated. All these parties referred to the moaning noise made by the phantom, and compared it to the constant moaning made by the deceased during her last hours. The moat extraordinary feature cf the story has yet to be oarraied. The circumstance of streamt of light pointing always.towardB the before-mentioned trapdoor, coupled with certain conjectures, engendered by tbe deceased's muerly ways, induced a sug gestion that mooey might De concealed in tbe Toft above, and, an appeal being made to Mr, Hart, tbe nephew and executor, he proceeded to the hoUBe, and assisted by Mrs, Accleton, who held the ladder by which he reached the trap, crept into tbe lolt. It was totally dark, and the caudle was thrice blown out by the eddying draughts before he reached the inner receeses. Presently be called out that be had found a parcel, and flung down into the room ft bundle of old deeds. A minute later he cried out again, and hastily descended, bringing with him a large bag, seoured with twine, and covered with dutt and cobwebs. On opening it, notes and gold were found to a considerable amount On beiog asked if he did not appear surprised or elated at suoti a discovery, Mrs. Accleton replied that he displayed much agitation, ebed tears, and said that ' now he trusted the poor aonl would rest in peace.' The expectation w*« not immediately ful filled. Throe days, indeed, elapsed in quiet, but, on the fourth, the noites recommenced worse than ever. Mr. Hart aaw proceeded to examine more closely into the affairs of the deceased, when certain debts were discovered still existing against her estate. These were scrupulously satisfied, after which (tbe dead year, as Mrs. Rjulbnru called it, being up) all disturbance ceased. Such are the facts of the B. ghost, detailed by those questioned, with all tbe appearance of perfect sincerity and good faith. They were undoubtedly respectable, and seemingly reli gious persons, impressed with a deep revereooe for things divine. It may have been bat fancy, still tbe idea crossed the.writer's mind, that tbe wonderful visitation to wuiou these poor people believed themselves to have been subjected had had the effect of somewhat refining their coarse natures, and imparting to tbeiT language and manner a sort of dignity not usually char acteristic of their class in life. Understanding that tbe reverend rector of B. had expreued doubts of the story, the writer inquired as to this point ' Yes, yes, sir,' was the prompt reply. ' Mr. O. may say so, and think so, but seeiog is believing, and not twenty Mr. G.'s can con vince us, four sane people, againBt the evidence of our own eyes and ears. Mr. G. is a very Rood gentleman, but he has not seen what we saw.' 