Ton AMERIcAN RIvzn STAuBs.--Let me tif to describe the St. John, which pliel on the Hudson. It is 417 feet long, 80 feet wide and has three decks. It is larger than the largest ocean Cunard steamship. Its saloons are furnished as sumptuously as any drawing-room, having prints, expensive photographs, etereoscopes, &0., on the tables. 'It has bedroom accommodation for 600 persons, and will carry, they say, 8000. One saloon, surrounded with cabios, that I looked into, was about 150 feet long, 20 feet high, and lit with magnificent clustered gas csaudeliers. The dining-rooms are elaborately provided with everything seen in a first-clas hotel. Crowds of civil negroes, in spotless white jackets, wait at the tables, which are ornamented with artifeicial flowers. There. are, of course, extensive kitchens, cellars, and ioe houses. Ornamental fountains or taps of iced water are dispersed through the ship. There ace bar where you can order any kind of drink you plsase, hairdressers' shops, bookstalls, &d.;, in these vessels. Large mirrors, soft- piled carpets, the most exqulisite cleanliness (even the door of the stoke- hole was of white panel, with white china handles, sand .quite clean), entirely remove the idea of your being on board a river steamer. Other appliances for comfort and convenience are perfect. The washing apparatus is as good as that in a London club-house. Smoking is strictly prohibited, except in certain portions of the ship. The arrangements for tickets, baggage, dc&e.;, are admirable. There is no noise or bustle. I ascended the Hudson to Albany in one of these floating hotels. The pace at which they more through thewateris. prodigious. With the tide, the one I was in wouldgo. twenty-five miles an hour.--People's ifagazine. EHxRAORDIac Bcn BTOBY 0O Lawn BnOUGHnt, One of the most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issuned by Hessrs. Blackwood:--" A most remarkable thing happened to me-so remark able thlat I ,must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School I went with G-, my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the Uni versity. There was no divinity class, but we frequeftly in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects-among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will inot say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that *khichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had enter tained of the 'life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G- wentto India,having got an appointment there in the civil serrice. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that the old schboolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath; and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone. I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the bchair eat G-, looking calmly at me. How I- got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness-of G--, had disappeared. This vision produced asuch a ashock that I had no inelination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the wholehistory with the date, Decem ber 19, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communication with GO-, nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken pnlace during our Swedish travels either connected with Gi- or with Indi-, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discus sion, and the bargain we had made. I could not dis cmharge from my mind the impression that (- must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future state." Tiit was on Dec. 19, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript:-" I have just bhcn copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream. Certiesima mortis imago! And now to finish the story, begun about sirty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G-'e death, and stated that he had died on December 19 1" 