i:l - -WMSTBUEY./ ? M (rrom:aUorrespQnaei!it.) $' . MCUNIOHP.AI, ELECTION- , : isoffoipationsfef -the. municipal election closed on Thursday, and ttjefdlowing are the caiiffi{aates::-^Charlos!'Be;sti of West bury ; ., IKichard . Boutcheri of Cliston ; Thonijas WJUiom Field, ?©? ^esfcfteld; Henry'. (Gamble, of Wes^bury'^ Denis McCarChV,';6f fCrlenore; 3o'hjj Henry mcureory, Qt 'tysmaston ; if-ohu Millar, of ; Springknds1; '.'ffoM/Symmons, of the Oaks. .Th-er.e.are; three to 'fee elected, and t the contest is expected to be ?a'keoa one. ?; ' DEiMATIC SPEBFOKSIXWCE. !.: The '^oatbury Amateur .Bramaft'e Club ' '? gave '4n .paterliainmont . in. the flPubli.c f Library on Wednesday evening.,/ The' performance was -very satisfactory,/ 'and/ would probaMy be 'more so in a pecuniary/ sense if the management would locker1 their 'tarrC. ?'?-,-,?: ,.: t WKSTERX AGEICUMtrilAf SOOIETO:: ' .? The Spring .Exhibition of the Western1 Agricultual issobiation takes place ,on l(f »» ^uuKauu-j wku«., xoui inscanc, louc iiise *f weather will -b,e wanting to make 'it a; f!j. success. This society have been singularly ' |j unfortuiiate in the .matter of weather— ?i(. they have. rar&Iy; had a .'fine day for their £ exhibition. As. it is to be a.pubHe. lidli .V day in Launcoston, and the 'Eailway (Oom !,, . pany' .purpose ir.unning ,oxrra trainfi at ;'v excursion fares, (ioubtlosG there will 'be' f; a large nuniber of visitors. The com-, inittee will do well to mike profroion1 ;accordmgly. Exhibits ibeisg yarded .in ?good t time, judges being ..early at-fcheSr iposts, a, few Beats Vcatterefi ' about -tilie ?yards, in 'convenient .places, and a few other little 'points \et this description ?whieh'con tribute so aiiuch to tihe success .of:an affair of this kind, will no douJjt ? oneefc the afctentionof the committee. -??? . ' J. CASE OF.SiJiilE OJITJJ. On Sunday last a maa named Haley, ?a splitter residing on .the Tiers, -M-as -bitten ?on the.wrist byajsiaal'li.whip-snaJke. ., Ho immediately cut -.the bittea part;, Bucked . ? it, an'd:felasted it wilh -gunpowder, r-ufobed jsolt into it, ;and.fel(i no' ill :ejfi[eets— .eseopt, ; fxomj his -own treatment. . , ? . '? '. _ The important ceremony of Confirni£ ?tion was jperformed on Sunday Jasf at Westbui,7;.bsr .the Most £ev,' Dr. Murphy, And the weather being niost propitious, crowds ?assembled to swell the eongrega, tion_, and.witnefis the imposing adminis-1 i ration of this sacrament. ? '?'? Eor weeJcs previously the zealous i)astor of the, district had been, indefatigably un tiring in his exertions to preparo the : children for the . receptipn of this, great sacrament, and instil into their minds the grave responsibilities they incurred in re ceiving it. ???'.? The difficulties of this arduous and self- imposed task— performed in the true spirit of a missionary — may'be imagined, ?when, in addition to .his -usual pastoral duties, he was daily employed in visiting the extreme limits of. his largo district, and bringing the most remote of these little ones under his personal supervision ; during the intervals of his visits he was ably secpnded by the teachers and others interested1 in 'the good cause in. the out lying centres of population. On Saturday his Lordship examined the children in the' Christian doctrine, hot ' simply consenting himself with the text, but li(£e.Tyi?Vtepfcmg 'their knowledge by . requiring the.'.ex^t nveaning of ttte. wqr& implied ifTtko expressions used/ After this j trying process, it Hjiist have been'; ?gratifying to the wort'lay ?' pastor uhd his '? ,cb-aq}rftpi's:iih -tho -gaod iworks to find thbii* labours so successfully- realised, thafc th'o largo number of-.H-8 boys and 64 girls —including .a few adults of both -sexes, making a total of : 132, passed so 'credit ably: as at the close of the examination to call forth'the warmest culoghims from hik Lordship. Afc the Bishop's Muss fit 9 o'clock on Sunday morning, aipwards of l'6O children' received their first cpuimunioii, and am edifying spectacle they presented, their wholo domojinour being ch.iraptorisqd;by the greatest decoruni throughout the lengdkenecl service. Aftciv the service had been concluded the chfklron, attended bytheiv teachers, proceeded in rea;ular order to the splendid new room of the Berriedalo Hotel where ibey wei-e most hospitably cnterlaihcd by the kind hostess, Mrs W. Smithy, who had a. breakfast or luucheon prepared for them in rlicr usual profuse, and' liberal manner. Enough praise cannot be aweriled this good lady by the- Catlwlics of tlie district, for the- uucoasing gcEerosilyiaKd sacrifice of personal 'Oafje' which she'manifests :-in the furtlteranco of OTCry.good object they ; have La view. When dtnijleyus(.ioe: had &ecn; done to the gffiod f(ihings . provided, th-e children, at their worthy pastor's request, sang, a, hysna which higlily pleased his Lordship At its teraiination they repaired to the grounds *ttachefl. io ? tiie cliurch, where they rp-f©rtneftiti procession and. inarched around -the pleasant -and shady walks., towards 4he oh uveh, making the air vocal with the melody of apprepriate hymns. At iiiife terniinatipn -of the 11 o'clock ssniioe, which was porformed bythe Kev. J. ll'(pg.an, the Bishop, 'in full canonicalsi ascdnded the^a'ltar, and in an eloquent and inipreseiyc style, explained to the youthful postulants the ? conditions' indispensably neeessiiry rto the suitable reception of the: augnst-sacrnmcntiwliich' thoy were .about to reoeive. ' Haviiig exhausted this part, ofhis subject,, lie thoa, proceeded to the ? performanqe of the ceremony, which, not-, ?withstanding the .large nunibors in;a,tte.n- ? daupe as to. almost icconveniently crowd : ?the ; -ehnrch, was 'Conducted with; ' the gro?,t«st 'regularity nnd ' ' proibundest reference' : on the .part ?? of : ?; specta ?tdrs ;arid postulaqte, , the choir riioatt while singing that .beautiful ; hy.nm 'dedicatod.tdih'e Jloly Ghost, ;which, from, the ilongth -of the sen'ice, must have been very trying and eEha\istiiig, to the per fonpers. When ''-t&i; had ;been confirmed 'his Lordship impressed, once lhore, on the 'children's mind the importance ?? of the saeijajiient so -liecentiy- conferred on them, and'gaivrethernjiin.a fatherly :manner,- enr ? coiiragemeut- and rifles for- their, future. ! guidance aa the, 'Observance of the moral laws., and ha.viiag jjaida craeeful conipli meattp'both ipastpr and people for the earnestness displayed in1 the erection of the noble ?ehurfch in course of being built;' :wliieh,';he, said, would a'enect credit ;on^ some. -^f. the pldest European cities. '.He, bestowed ji,is .episcopal blessing and- the. people retired from the church quite de: lighted, with 'his Lordship's urbanity, and the suceeVs of the \Vhble proceeding; ' , ' 