BARtHEOIDES. (Rom ie Graphic.) There are few of us who have not had the experience of a Barmecide feast some time in our lives; who have not known what it was to be invited to an apparently substantial repast, to find when the coers were re moved that the thing was a mere shami-that no strong meates smoked on the cold and empty board, no fruits gave sweetness and pleasantness and the perfec tion of finish to the nobler and more important food, no wine gladdened the heart and brightened the eye, but that it was all only a name, a pretence, a make believe, a Barmecide feast, feeding and refreshing no one, How many marriages are Barmecide feasts, think youP Promises of love and loveliness and tender sympathies that are never fulfilled-promises of sweet ness and good temper that fade away into nothing like a golden cloud at sunrise-promises of contented happiness and ecstatic joy that are as real as the spark ling wine, the luxurious fruits, of the Barmecide's table. Abe has fair hair and blue eyes, a trim waist and arched instep, small hands, and half-moonse to her filbert-shbaped nails. She smiles when you speak to her, and has a ready blush; and sholooks shamefaced and pretty when she blushes. She isnet opinionated, and she glances continually at mamma when she talks, anid seldom looks you full in the face. She is just eighteen, and you adore her. You see in her the out line of every nobleness, of every virtue that a woman can possess. You grant that as yet, by reason of hler youth, all these graces ore only potential, not sative ; but you believe, nevertheless, and belief for the time does as wel as proof ; and you merry your angel, never thinking that she will prove your Barmecide. Time goes on. The bride becomes the wife, the girl the woman. The nature which was no more set or consolidated when you concluded that it held the germ of every virtue under heaven, than is a hazel nut in June, elowly developes itself in its own way. The virgin timidity which so enchanted you, becomes matronly indecision and a mental weakness of will bordering on imbecility; or it cryetallises into a nar row positiveness so that you might as well try to melt the snows of flont Blanc as bend or mellow it. The ready blush whioh once betokened such sweet seansi bility hardens into callous opposition, or deepens into passionate irritation; the girl you loved and the woman you have married, are as different as is the Olympian Hebe from an applewoman in the street; the promise by which you were taken prisoner was bat a Barmecide feast, and you sit at the banquet of your marriage with empty dishes and longing eyes, ponder ting and regretting. You makeanewfriend. You harehadgoodfriends in your lifetime, but you have never had bne equal to this for fervour of affection, lavishness of demonstra tion, affluence of piromiee. You have been a self-ans taining kind of person hitherto, but perhaps yoa hare been hardly hit of late, wounded in the fighte wrung in the withers, and your new friend with his offers of help comes in opportunely. .Rest on me, he says, with infinite generosity and an expansive manner; and you take him at his word. You do rest on him. perhaps it is no great favour after all that you ask of him; be that as it may, you ask something. Your friend, who has offered all and promised ererything, proves of the Barmeeide class when put to thle proof. He fails y6u utterly in the simples?t as in the most important matter. He invited you to sit at his table and nourish yourself on the strong meats he had in store; but when you lifted the covers you beheldnothinguess,andyou were fain to content yourself with empty dishes and un satisfied desires. He calln do nothing for you. It may be will, or it may be power that fails him; either he has miaonaleulated his influence with others, or he has exaggerated his unselfish interest in you. Whlatever the cause, there is the result; the staff you leant on is a broken reed, and the rich banquet of active friend ship to whichl your host invited you is a sham wherein lies no crumb of comfort or support. Barmocidal, too, are many books. They open with a fine flourish, promising instruction or entertainment according to the plan on which they arn constructed. You sit down to your intellectual banquet full of cheerful hope; bdt you find nothing het forth foryour sustenance. Your spirit-stirring melody turns out to be a meaningless word echoing through a deserted palace-a feast of empty covers, giving no food whereby your soul can be nourishbed and made strong. The entertaining story that began with the sparkle of a well-packed rocket, ends in te dreary descent of a charred stick. The treatise that prefaces its essential remarks by a sweeping assertion respecting the utter worthlessness of every other work that hlas hitherto been published on the subject, prepares you for new light on a dark matter, and a straight cut out of a tangled jungle. But you find os you go deeper and fare further that your author knows no more of the matter in hand than the most antiquated of bis pre decessors. He has no new light; he makes no new cut, short or long; he is the showman of a dissolving view, the Ampbytrion of a Barmecide feast; and you are really the poorer for your lost faith, and the time wasted in a hope that hlad no fulfilm-nt for its answer. And as with books, so with certain natures. You are acquainted with people who, you are sure, would exactly suit such and such positions, do such and euch work, perform suelh and seach duties. You use all your influence, and you place them where you think them just fitted, square pegs in square holes, and round pees in round holes. But here, too, your feast has been Barmeneidl, and yourproeegee, from whom while still untried you hoped so much, are quite empty dishes when disclosed. The power of mind, the quickness of perception, the business faculty, the very moral rectitude on which you hlad counted, and for which you hlad refused others, are myths; and you realise a disappointment where others easer as well as yourself. How many failures of this kind the world has to countl How many lost leaders of thought and progress, so brilliant in their promise, so disappointing in tlhelir result, hare been just Barmecides with whom is no food of life, no sustaining element! Again, how often we find our own work, our so-called good fortune, Barmeeidal. We have something given us that we fondly believe will make a man of us, now on the :pot. We have long been in troubled waters ; surely the tide will turn now-theeurrents runsmooth-and our tossed and damaged ship come into safe harbour at last! Surely our hunger will be appeased at the banquet to which we arebidden, and we shall know the meaning and the savour of good thinge! We so sapt the situation offered, and we find it richer in promise than fulfilment. It is a Barmecidal feast, and we starve at the table which assuamed to be a table of plenty. That editorship which was to be such insig ificeant work and such princely pay-well, that editorship! The adjectives and nouns have been strangely jumbled somehow, and we Bfd it on the tril, to be such very poor pay and sueh a very great deal of work that we can neither make up by a sup plecment nor live on the original. That station out in Africa-it was to have all sorts of valuable contingen cies, and the climate was exceptionally healthy. When we get thgre we find a swamp where the popu lation is dseimated by yellow fever, and the valu able contingencies resolve themselves into native trading--buyine ivory, for which there is no market, by consignments of second-hand clotllhees, which the noble savage will not wear. All sorts of appoint ments are in like manner Barmecidal; and often when the world congratulates a man on his good luck, and assumes that his fortune is made off hand, the truth is that the whole thing is a sham aned a pretence, that there is no good luck in the matter, but, on the contrary, bed; seeing that this dead body of a thing, this Barmecidal ghost, atops the way against some thhg botter and more sncere, 