THE NJJN A WADING MESSLAS. — » — THE RIVAL PROPHET3. t Saturday, the 8th of July, 1871, DB A letter day in the annals of Oakleigh, am 131 future years, when progress, perhaps, shall have converted the bush township into a GdluagwWj or a Fitzroy, hoary- headed grandsires or anoieui» matrons, while sitting before the blazing hearth, surrounded by a younger generation, the wondrouB story of the " Paraclete Unveiled ; or dilate upon the adventures of the prophet woodcarter. Hay, more; the Nunawading John of Leyden, and the Black Flat Kipperdolling will find a place upon the page of Victorian history. On Saturday, one Fisher waB accused of having obtained money by false pretences — proclaiming himself to be the Messiah, and to have the power of healing the sick, the maimed, and the halt. Numerous have been the stories told about Fisher ; his mysterious power has been extolled, his ignorance has been the theme of derision, and his alleged Mormon idiosnycraeies have called forth considerable expression of disgust. Accord ing to Fisher himself, he pretends to be neither more nor less than the head of a particular sect, chosen by the members of the Church. He denies Btrenuouslv that he ever gave himself out as the Messiah, or pretended to be possessed of Divine attributes. In person Fisher is a respect able- looking commonplace man, with, however, an indefinable something about him that puzzles and gives rise to speculative ideas. His eyes are shifty and at times dull, but suddenly, as they become fixed upon some person or object, the pupils dilate, a sombie fire flashes in the orbits ; there is a sort of convulsive twitching of the body, and the whole appearance of the man gives one the idea that he is not without a certain amount of mesmeric power, the use of which is well known to him. Fisher is well known throughout the district of Oakleigh and Nuna wading, having, in bygone years, inhabited the former place. Many of the respectable inhabitants of both places give testimony as to his neighbourly qualities, and refuse to believe the statements that are made against him. Some go so far as to flatly contra dict the report that Fisher indulges in a plurality of wives, and assert that there is nothing beyond the usual family relations existing between the so- called prophet and the sisters-in-law who reside under his roof. On the other hand, it is as strongly asserted that Fisher is an impostor of the first dye, that he freely bleeds the poor dupes who place implicit credence in tbe questionable tenets he propounds, that he is t guilty of most immoral practices, and is of licentious habits. There are some who do not hesitate to say that licentiousness forrcB the groundwork and basis of the doctrine promulgated by Fisher, and that Holy Writ is quoted, twisted, and used as an authority for revolting acts of the most glaring immorality. With regard to the particular case which came before tbe court on Saturday, it will be as well to explain the relative position of tbe prosecutor and the defendant. Andrew Wilson, a north of Ireland man, hard-featured, strong- headed, and apparently possessed of all the shrewdness peculiar to the local i y of his birth, cives one the. idea of about the lu perron who ould be con verted to the doe! rnieg «,f t.he "Church of the Firstborn," an>< iio cold i»Uoe eu<-'i a blind faith in the tea-hings <»f Fi-her Wilson, as will hereafter be seen b? the evidence, firmly believed th.»t, if he did not act in a generous spirit to the prophet, t-at all sorts of miserj would be before him, that a murrain woald seize his ca'ile, and that the avenging angel would oruig destruction to his family. When, ho we re r, Fisher failed to save one of his children, whom he said could not die, Wilson's f ith, according to his own testimony, began to be shaken. He questioned Fisher and demanded an explanation, and being put off from time to time, at last became convinced of bis folly, and as a warning to others who might feel inclined te be duped, he charged Fisher with obtaining money by false pretences, not for the sake of the money, but having for his object to expose his quondam " master," and to gibbet him before the gaze of the right-think ing public by proclaiming in open court the blasphemous and licentious practices of which he had been guilty under the cloak of a light of the 41 Church of the Fir6l-born." On the other hand, it is asserted by Fisher and his followers that Wilson, who at one time had the privilege of having visions, and of relating them in the form of sermons to his brethren, had become dissatisfied at not receiving promotion to be an " Abraham" amongst the first-born, and that subsequently he had been expelled the Church for daring in his address to question the truth or correctness of certain por tions of the Bible. It is also stated that Wilson is but a tool in the hand of a rival prophet, formerly a wood-carter in the service of Fisher, and who bears the name of Bignell. Bignell was recognised by Fisher as a "preacher," and was used by the prophet as a medium of his healing and divine power. Big nell wished for promotion, and so started as the leader of an opposition sect, and boldly asserted that he was the right man in the right place. He called upon Fisher to acknowledge him as the Messiah, and in letters gave passages of Scripture to prove that he was the real Simon Pure, and that Fisher was the impostor. The following ex tracts from a letter written by Bignell to Fisher speak for themselves : — Now, sir, I have been commanded to warn you, and all connected to you, that the sword of the Almighty is about to fall upon you and them unless certain conditions laid down in the Word of God are complied with, and for that consideration of these things God in His mercy has granted you and them, until the 1st day of March, 1871, after which both you and they will be given over to the sword, unless those conditions are complied with. ... 1 ow, sir, you are aware that I am and have been a member of the Israelite Church for several years, and even before I joined that Church I had been in communication with the Spirit, and from this since I was taught that the second coming of Christ was at hand. I re ceived a command to go and declare this to the world, and to reveal the Man of Sin, and preach the doctrine of immortality ; and at- no time for seven years past has God left me without one or more witnesses to bear testimony to me in my words aud works ; at the time appointed they will be called; In 1866, I received a command to search for the Spirit of Truth that had once ministered to the Church of Israel under Wroe, and was told to take with me as a witness R-oberfc Robertson. I did' so. I waB also told to search for the man with whom the Spirit of Truth was, and to follow him ufatil 1. received a further command. I was commanded to go to St. Kilda, and find the resi- dence of Mr. Refford. We found the met John Wakefield. I put to him, and which he did answer eof By that I knew that he was not the man r asked him who was the head of their Pk?,' t1 Heboid me MrsRefford, and that shepfe and preached. I was told by the spirit she J, Jezebel, teaching and seducing the aervaLfc 5 God, and I saw my spirit bearing tesH»T against her as such, and I also know the tfS ' witness who afterwards testified against such ; he is now in Melbourne. I also know t? spirit that executed the judgment of God a-2 ! her, and he also knows this. You were ui£ the spirit that was appointed to rule that stat you allowed her to do those things whM» . contrary to the word and will of God, as also wl! Mrs. Refford, who was appointed an elder in thai state, and should have stopped such conduot You then turned asid j from the teaching of th spirit and the councillors that God had given to you, and entered into a covenant with a man of the Jewish Church, by whom you were deluded and from whom you received the power of the Beast, or Dragon power. You consented to the union of that man with a v0une woman, Jessie Refford, which union afterwards disannulled, and thereby driving that man into great inconsistency, even blag! phemy against the Holy Ghost, and to I breach of the law of the land, and yourself taking the wife to yourself contrary to the Word of God namely, Lev. xviii. 18—" Neither shalt thou take a wife to her sister to vex her, to uncover her nakedness beside the other in her lifetime" Now, sir, to go back to my search. I then ' gave up the search for some time, but told the witness to make further inquiries con cerning that people. In 1867 I again re ceived a command to go to Nunawadiog in search of the spirit ; this time I did not obey as I bad been commanded, and was severely punished I afterwards met the witness Robert Robertson in Melbourne streets, and asked him if he had heard anything further concerning those people at Nunawading. He Baid he had, and advised me to search again amongst them. I then enquired of Mr. Noble, Richmond, who was the head of the Church ? and was told Mr. Fisher, and the next day was introduced to you. I put the question to you fo an indirect manner, but you answered correctly You invited me to your place and treated me as a brother. You received me iuto your household, thereby giving me every means of wit- nessing all things that were going on. Do you, remember the firet night I came to your meeting, when David Boyle asked yon who I was, aud said that he had seen a star come into your camp? You deceived that man concerning me, and after wards deceived me concerning him. You told me me to beware of that man — that he was Balaam, the false prophet. You stated that he robbed me of my spiritual power, and that it would be restored to me again if I prayed that God would restore to me that power that Balaam had misused that I might use it in his church to the glory of God. Now, sir, that prayer was answered, and by a vision shown at a monthly meeting, which you interpreted to me and the Church as my answer. The vision was an allotment of land wherein had been many stumps, and many men had been sent to grub them up, as there was a number of gold crosvns concealed under them, and if any one could find the stumps they were under they would obtain them. Many had tried, but failed, The man who had the land had often taken all the gold the men had from them. At last, one like me was seen coming, and began to grub the BtumpB. When they were all grabbed but the last, and when finishing that, I was Eeen to take up a stone, or piece of clay, and throw it at another stump a distance off, asking is that to be grubbed. While the man was looking round I took up the gold crowns. Now your interpreta tion. You said this meant Boyle, and the gold crowns were powers of truth you had told me to ask for, and which I had obtained. Now, sir, the interpretation God has given to me. Fisher is Balaam, that was taking the truth from every man that ever came before me, and from the Church of Israel, the spirit and rights of others, and that I, by attracting your atten tion another way, have obtained the power of truth which you had misused, that I might use to God's glory and the good of the Ciiureh. But with reference to David Boyle, I have found him a truthful servant of God and a good neighbour, well respected by those that know him. Now, sir, as to myself, and the evidence God has given you and the Church of me, and for which God will hold you and them responsible. First, when I came to your place you stated to the Church that now the work would go on, as I was the one you had so long expected, and that they were to receive me as a brother, and to look to me, and that if any interfered with me they would be brought to an account, as I was appointed of God as you were, and for a time you did reprove them that interfered with n e, viz., O. Refford. Also at the meeting there were many visions seen of me, God declaring me, and you confirmed thein. One concerning one like me going through the cornfields gathering the tares, bind ing them in bundles to burn. Another of one like me going through the fields feeling the heads of corn if they were ripe, the cutting it with the sickle, biuding it in sheaves, and bringing them to the Lord. Another where I was seen going down into the pit and loosening the souls of them imprisoned there. Auother of me holding a cup of water over a mark for the Israelite with a board above it, written "Come and drink of the water of life freely. 5 Another , of me giving George Wakefield a drink out of a gold cup. Another of my ring en , graved with the lion holding the flag au John Wakefield's ring with the dragon on r Another of me, tbe only one that coul place the keystone in, and also many others tba I have an account of. One, where witness saw Satan trying to prove me a liar, bu proved him a liar, and bound bim with a chain ; you too told Beddoe to not forget that one, or by that you knew that he was my witness, Joiner had been yours. Another, where B® - Beddoe saw the twin Sons of Thunder as , and me, and which he told Mr. Neffor , _ _ which Mr. Refford stated he had been told tney would be revealed to him, being John and a . ' and which von confirmed me and Harry -Also another vision of the same seen . three men standing on a bridge, a bottom of Abe river three pieces ot go » and each YSfikn dropped a stone and br0"ip.ter the piece of gold, one bearing the name t picked up by Mr. Wilson; one theheTt J«ne., ptekeU up by rr5,,Beoe inoa the name of Job n, picked up by tne- " ss remember that I told you I always saw my Joshua? and vou told me that if I was f£raWi(i hare all people against me, but jacter, i tbat you would still be with me j „0tio min » ajj against me, yourself included, truly have. eell without a cause. Do you remem- butito8® trie(j to turn me against Harry for ber W J. , ch things against ine that had you A it rerealed from on high Who and what I DOtna« not receive me in your place 8B' yL counselled me not to trust him j but, r be assured, it will be against you now. El vou mean when you told that young come up to Jones' for me that night, as m8lf ted because you had had it revealed to you \6 ft was the young Adam to stand in your . I the earth, which you confirmed to me fcil morning' Now, Mr. FUtaer, either you i "me and Harry a lie, and became a false 1 ., lP„ 0f God, saying those things were of Qod ffere not of Qod. If he did not reveal it to you 1 are tbe liar. If he did, you have fought against r the spirit that's with me with knowledge, S,Vaod will judge you accordingly. You also v that Mr. Wilson is under the spirit of iffiU and was such if you are the character you r« the forerunner, and the pea pie must receive him first, and that he has the appointing of the riesthood. You also know that there was a ?L when that man and myself would have liven our lives for you j but you also know that | have wronged him. Do you remember the Lath of Wilson's child, when you told me and Yfiieon there was power sufficient with us to gsve the child, or even half the world j hat the spirit that is with you caused the death of that child, and both me and Wilson have plenty of proof, yet you told lie after lie about that. You once stated that the child was taken as a sacrifice for the trans gressions of the father ; another time that it was me that caused its death ; another time that Boyle ; and there are many witnesses to these things. When I came to your place you told me jbat — — was permitted to come to your place, and that he was still cohabiting with his wife. Now, Fisher, I was a constant dweller in tour house for more than twelve months, and he iierer came to your place in that time, yet his wife had a child. Do you also remember saying to methat you were walking along the passage and that you could not refrain from going in to her, but that you became giddy, and the first place you re covered sensibility was in bed with her. Now, Fisher, you know this is contrary to the law of God, as I have before stated. If the spirit of Satan had deceived you, why did you not charge him with violating your will, and confessed your fault, and Qod was just and willing to forgive the fault. But instead of doing that you have added lies to it, and no liar shall have part in this city. Now you also stated that you heard the spirit speaking to you from the cloud, namely that that (sic) he had rose up another people that would serve him, and when you came home you found the society, or church, was about to be broken up. You then opposed that spirit by saying that you would build up that which the Lord was breaking down j also, that you would break down that which the Lord was building up for two years. This is according to your own confession to me and others. Now Mr. Ifisber, by this time you know whether you or the spirit who spoke to you is the strongest. Fisher, I will now conclude with the words of Joshua to Achan, chap, vii., verses 19 and 20, " Give glory to the Lord Q-od of Israel." You know the Word of Qod must have its fulfilment, and you and those around you have fulfilled it ; and although now rejected from the service of Qod yourself, by confessing to Qod and thoBe you have injured you may save the little ones. Neverthe less, God's will be done. The Scriptures state that if a man acknowledge his sin, Qod is just arid willing to forgive his Bin j also, acknowledge your faults one to another, and if a man will leave the wickedness he hath done, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall not die, but live ; and as the witness of Qod's Word, I must watch its fulfilment, and those who fulfil it, whether for good or evil. One thing more. I sent a man to one of your monthly meetings, one whom that tery day by your own sins Qod had declared His servant, and you had stated he meant well, and you had also promised to receive him, and give him ati opportunity of proving the truth ; and . yet because he would not believe you to be a servant of Qod until he had proved it, you then branded him as Judas, and commanded those around you to bind him. Yet Qod showed you that he was one holding up the rainbow, and making a smooth road for the people of Qod. How did you treat him? Like a dog; and many of you were more like barbarous savages than Christians. Now, Fisher, your ten years expires in the Jewish month Adar, or Febru- wy, after which time, unless you make a full confession to Qod and 1 he Church, you and all those that hold with you will be given over to the sword. Do not be deceived. The ten kings that have given their power to you, as the Beast, ill turn and hate you and the Church. Now, read Revelations, chap. 17, and see if that corresponds most to me or you, and undo the evil you have done, and let the Church be led by those whom Qod has appointed, save yourself and those around you, and condemn the evil. It w the spirit that I must condemn, but if the human will hold to it, I must condemn it also, and reveal the Man of Sin to the world. Then you will know whether Bignell is either mad or the fool they think me, and you shall know that the power that upholds me is the same that you threatened to break down ; and whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken, and uPon whomsoever it falls it will grind him to powder. Lorimer thought he could stand against Jt, but where is he now ? Those very things he thought to bring upon me have come upon him- f j "ow Hen have you pronounced the sentence of death on me ? I am still alive, and live for evermore. You stated to Valentine that you ould bring me to poverty and misery. Has Qod confirmed your words or mine ? By this you will ow the false prophet, his word will fail, but the prophet of the Lord, his word shall surely come t pass; but the prophet that has dared o speak that whichhas not been commanded him, f7en |at prophet shall surely die. Wroe was fifth. I am the sixth. Soon the seventh will aL ' R is done j" and he says, behold, I come quickly, and my reward is with me to give every an according to his works. Ask yourself, what r® you worthy of ? Remember what the Eternal i f through one of the seers, said j that you th year8 Sven» aud kad failed. It told you it had a human, and you knew it ; but .i? er> great spirit has told you more than huh' i know it. The Btone is rolling slowly and a , Michael and the Dragon must fight, theen«rw\neither Prevailed for a time, yet in ,l®hael overcame and cast down that old be Siat DraSon and Satan. Are you to » " bo, my witness saw me prove you the liar, and bind you with the chain. Look to it. Should you wish to make arrangements con cerning these things, the sooner it is done the better, for others will not be as merciful as I hare been, and if you will not call the Church together and meet me before the Church and undo the wrong you have done, it must then be settled before the world. All fur ther correspondence with me must either be in presence of the assembled Church, or on the plat form in Melbourne before the public. A letter stating which you prefer, addressed J. J. R. Bignell, care Mr. J. C. Henderson, 33 Queen street, Melbourne. I remain the watchman to the people of Israel. (Signed) J.J. R. Bignell. P.S. I am writing a warning to every member of the Church, and am also gathering in my wit nesses. You are warned in the name of the Lord Qod of Israel, Leo Dei, Copied from the original by John C. Hender son, secretary to the New Jerusalem Church. Witnessed by me, a correct copy. (Signed) St. Q. Theodob, Bebxband. Bignell, who was at one time a road carter and charcoal burner in the employment of Fisher, and was often engaged as a " super" iu the prophet line, paid such good heed to the stage directions given him that he felt it incum bent upon him to come out as an opposition star in the prophet line of business, and although he failed in getting Fisher to treat his request that he would abdicate with aught but disdain, he soon succeeded in collecting about him a band of followers who believed implicitly that he, and he alone, was the one to be their spiritual director. Some months ago a property at Oakleigh, formerly in the possession of Captain Harrison, and consisting of a substantial house, some acres of land, and a splendid fruit- garden, was let to a gentleman of high standing in Mel bourne on behalf of Mrs. Henderson, and there Bignell soon domiciled himself, ac companied by Mr. and Mrs. Henderson and a girl named Annie. No attempt was made to culti vate the laud, and they seemed to spend their time in holding meetings, at which the female sex predominated. In fact the neighbours at first wondered what the constant arrivals of women at the farm, and their departure after a short sojourn, could mean. Bignell now gave himself out as the strict lineal descendant of Moses, and said he had not known it until the spirit told him while wood-carting. The same accommodating spirit clothed him, and declared that he was the head of the Church, that he would have power to perform miracles, and that he would be able to read the innermost thoughts of his fellow-beings. Some time ago he received instructions to crush Fisher, because he was an impostor. He was commanded to do it by an aDgel, who appeared to him in the night, saying, "'Arise, Bignell, arise and crush Fisher," which interesting formula, no doubt congenial to the feelings of the rival prophet, was thrice repeated. Bignell acknow ledges that Fisher is possessed of a certain myste rious power, but asserts that it is received from the Spirit of Darkness, and that he is an adept in the science of eleotrobiology, and, furthermore, feels convinced that he is the Antichrist. Big nell admits that he was discharged from the service of Fisher, but asserts it was vinn jctiveness on Fisher's part, because he (Bignell) saw through him. He intends to give a number of lectures throughout the colony in order to ex pose the impostures of him whom he de nominates the " False Messiah." There is one thing showing the power that Fisher can exercise over the credulity of some, and pointing out how far blind fanaticism may lead, which may, per haps, be worth giving. Fisher told a well-to-do farmer that his wife would be delivered of a son, who should be Moses ; but that, in order to show hiB faith, he (the father) must sleep for four months in the stable. Despite the tears of his wife, and the intercession of the other members of his family, the tiller of the soil moved his bed into the stable, and expressed himsel firm in the determination of complying with the conditions necessary for his wife to give birth to an infant Moses. For some time his family offered no opposition to the wayward man, but seeing that his health was becoming impaired, they determined to prevent him carrying out his rash intention. His wife besought him to return to the bouse, and even tried by force to make him quit his stable bedroom. All in vain ; her pro testations turned to complaints, and harsh invec tives were breathed against the prophet who had issued the order. To hear his master reviled was beyond the strength of the agricultural fanatic ; he seized a gun, and was about to lodge its contents in the heart of his wife as a punishment for her blasphemy, when one of his neighbours, who had been attracted to the spot by the noise, threw himself upon the madman, and wrested the murderous weapon from his hands. The matter was at the time hushed up, and has only now, under the present state of things in Nunawading and the vicinity, been suffered to leak out. This much concerning the prosecutor and the de fendant in the action laid on Saturday and the alleged grounds for the issuing of the criminal in formation. We now come to the case itself. outsidl. the cohbt. The excitement, which had been great in Oak leigh for the last three weeks, with respect to the case of Fisher, the reputed Messiah, rose on Friday and Saturday mornings to fever heat. Each brawny woodcarter or begrimed splitter discussed Fisher with his pint of two ales, and ventured to back his opinion as to the result of the case in sums varying from " a tanner to a half bull," according to the state of his finances. Black- looking charcoal-burners intimated their intention of having a rinse and putting on a white shirt to " hear the fun." About 12 o'clock on Saturday, groups of men were to be seen standing about the township discussing the probability of Wilson not coming up to the Bcratch, or the odds against Big nell daring to face the prophet in court. Qreat was the excitement when it became known that the authorities had determined to increase the stand ing police force of one man by an extra constable, so that due order might be maintained. Shortly after 1 o'clock a goodly crowd of Oakleighites was collected near the door of the reom that was used as a court-house, and soon the visitors from town began to muster in force. The solicitors for the defendant drove up in a one- horse buggy, while the gentleman who appeared for the prosecution cantered up on a flash bit of horseflesh, sitting composedly on his bounding steed, his eyeglasB being fixed in its normal posi tion. Members of the fourth estate, from the re presentative of the County BourTce Thunderer to the reporters of the three Melbourne dailies, appeared on the scene, some making use of that serviceable animal Shanks' pony, while others did the intensely respectable in the four- wheeled trap at so much an hour, warranted to look as much like a private conveyance as a liverystable vehicle can. As a person with a chignon at the back of his head and a muffler round his neck rode up on a seedy grey, a mysterious whisper went round that he was the Nunawading prophet. From the east and the west, from the north and the south, came other men, of which the chignon was the distinguishing feature, and by their alacrity in crowding round the prophet, and going through the common-place ceremony of shaking hands, showed that they belonged to his faithful follow ers. Of course the prophet was interviewed, and was ultimately led aside for mysterious converse by a drunken bricklayer and the gentlemen who had come down to report the proceedings. About 2 o'clock, the police magistrate, Mr. Templeton, drove into the inn-yard, and proceeded, without delay, to the apology for the court-house. in coubt. As soon as Mr. Templeton, the honorary jus- j tices, the legal advisers of the contending parties, the gentlemen of the Press, one or two members of Parliament, and a few well-known habitues of Collins street had found places, the order was given for the doors to be opened. Like an avalanche the unwashed, the blue-shirted and the white- shirted, the costless and Sunday-bedizened denizens of the crowd rushed the room, of which every available space was soon filled, and the sturdy constables, by an exertion of stalwart muscle and broad backs, managed once again to close the door upon the disappointed mob outside, a few of which found some relief to their feelings by being able to flatten their noses against the windows looking into the court-house. The fair sex of Oakleigh also took part in the proceedings, for an ancient virgin with corkscrew curls, demure, middle-age, toying to look sym pathetic, iu sables j another female, who seemed made up of mosaic patchwork, gained ingress to the court, and seemed quite delighted when chairs were procured for them, settling down in them as if delighted to be in a position to hear the expected disclosures and prurient revelations in comfort. the case. Mr. Templeton and Messrs. Looker and J. Jordan having opened the court, Mr. T. Miller announced that he appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Qillott that he ap peared on behalf of the defendant. Mr. Miller said the defendant was charged with having, between the years 1860 and 1870, ob tained, by false pretences from Andrew Wilson, of Mulgrave, £34, by representing himself Christ or the Messiah, with Divine power to heal a diseases whether of body or soul. Mr. Qillott assumed that the charge made against the defendant could not be sustained as one of false pretences within the Btatuie. He opined some existing fact would have to be proved upon which the defendant obtained the money. The statute, it was true, was meant to protect the weak-minded, but here it was not shown that the defendant by any definite false pretence obtained any benefit from the plaintiff. Mr. Miller : Not by promising to raise the dead to life ? Mr. Templeton : Do you propose to prove that the defendant is not the Messiah ? A negative being given to the question, The Bench, through the chairman, intimated they intended to take evidence as to the false pre tence put forth by the defendant. Andrew Wilson was then called, and having entered the box, said, — I have known the defend ant eight or nine years. After I heard of Fisher, I went to hear him discourse. He represented himself to be the Messiah about six years ago. He said he was preaching the millennium, and that the second coming of the Lord would be as mysterious as the first. People expected to see him come down from the clouds, but as the Lord would be walking and talk ing amongst them in the form of a man, many people would not know him, and would be greatly mistaken in him. He said Qod had inspired him. A hand enclosed in a white surplice, and holding a book, had appeared to him, and a voice had said, " Thou shall uphold these laws." Up to that time Fisher said he was not partial to religion, and did not belong to any religion, but that he had a firm faith in Qod. There was a providence of Qod in this, he said, which he promised to explain at some future time. On another occasion, twelve months afterwards, Fisher pointed out that when Christ was on earth man had been deceived, and they would on his second coming find themselves wonderfully mistaken. Twelve montks later Fisher began to talk of healing persons, and even named persons whom he had cured. A person in town who was a cripple had communicated with him (Fisher), and he told him that by the value of the power he possessed he would be healed in the course of a few days. The person kept a coffee stall, or a refreshment-room. Fisher called in a few days, and wished the man to bear testimony that he was healed, and told him if he did not he would be afflicted worse. Fisher told him (witness) that the man did confess, luckily. Fisher further men tioned that he had healed a Mrs. John Wake field, a sister-in-law of his. She was said to be possessed of an evil spirit. At the time he was healing her she struggled and wrought iu such a way that the parties thought she was dying. After that, he said, she got well, after be bad driven the spirit out. Fisher also gave instances of his afflicting as well as cf his healing power. He said his mother-in-law had had a revelation, and would not tell it. He knew she had had a revelation by his Divine knowledge, and she was struck down for refusing to tell the truth. He (Fisher) made intercession for her, and she got better, to give her another chance to make her statement. At the same time that Fisher asserted that he was possessed of healing powers, he said he was the Messiah, and quoted scrip ture to prove it, especially the 8th chapter of Isaiah. He frequently told me he was the Messiah or Lord. Some years ago three of my children died. Fisher came to my place, preached immortality of the body, and said persons who belonged to his faith would not die. He asked me not to let any more children die, but to send for him and he would make them well. There was " no call" for them dying, and be ordered me not to be incredulous, but to giv ;ui a cbauce, exclaiming, " There is power hereto heal !" I said " Most likely I will." Some lime after wards another child took unwell. I was going for a doctor, but, after a conversation with my wife, changed my mind, and went to Fisher and told him the child was ill. He said the child would be all right j 1 need not be afraid of its dying, as I had come to him. At the time I had joined his disciples some three or four years. The Church was called the "Chureh of the First born." Fisher was master over all ; he was looked upon as the head. The disciples called him master. When I asked him to come and see the child, he said there was no use going over, as he could exercise his power ju«t, as well at a distance. Subsequently he went to my place, saying it might perhaps humour "the wife." Arrived there, he took the child in his arms, walked about with it, and seemed to be engaged in silent prayer. He poured oil on the child's face and said he anointed it. The oil was taken from a small bottle he had brought with him. He then went away, and sent over some medicine after I had told him what were the symptoms of the; child's illness. He said the medicine was ether, and that the Lord had told him that " spirits wrought where that was applied." It was to be used internally. I gave the medicine to the child. From that moment the child appeared to get better, and in a day or two was quite recovered. When I joined the Church as a member I d take the oath, of allegiance to Fisher. A man came to the Church to make the members "masters." I did take the form of oath of the Masonic Order. When first I became a member I made a profession of faith. A Mr. Levien administered the Masonic oath in the presence of Fisher. The oath was a profession of obedience to the masters, grand masters, and great-grand-masters of the Free masons. Fisher explained that Levien was sent by the master, grand-master, and great-grand master of the Masons to make him and bis disciples members of the lodge. He was to be great- grand-master, the Freemasons being willing to receive him as the coming Lord, as it had been found out he was the Lord, but being unwilling to receive him until he had passed through the forms of Masonry. On the Christmas evening of 1868 I gave Fisher £10. A few friends had gathered at the house of his father-in-law. I went over and gave him the £10 without his asking for it. I gave the money because he had shown he had the power of healing, and because he had said evU would fall upon those who would not give. He had told me many instances of people being afflicted who had not done their duty according to their knowledge. He mentioned two persons who were punished be cause they did not act a consistent part. One was John Wakefield. Fisher said he had pre vented his wife bearing any more children because Wakefield was not liberal with money. From that, after bearing children, she suddenly ceased, and this 'circumstance led me to believe his power. Fisher also said that his mother- in- law was not consistent. She was always making lamentations, saying if she had money she would give it. He (Fisher) knew that she had money but would not give it. Fisher said she was struck dead while preaching, and that he did it. There was no inquest held. Fisher said she was like Sapphira and Aunanias, and such scheming could not be tolerated. I gave Fisher £1 a month for twelve months from 1868, £10 at Christmas 1868, £5 a few weeks after, and £5 more. I also did work for him for nothing, and gave him £3 some time in April, 1870. The child again became sick. This was after I had given him the first £10. I sent to Fisher and told him. He came overto see the child, and told the wife not to be afraid, that he never felt more power of spirit than he had in coming over on that occa sion, for he could have "flown." "He never felt his healing power more strongly on him." On leaving he said that the one anointing would last for ever, and that the child would not die. It continued, however, to get worse. I went to Fisher's house, but was told he had left it shortly before. I saw him an hour afterwards, when he came to my place, He had another preacher with him, Bignell. Fisher encouraged me and the mother, saying, " Don't be afraid, there iB power to heal j the Lord tries people far." When going away, he said he would leave the preacher with me. He referred to Bignell. He again told my wife not to be afraid, as he had left power in Bignell's hands not only to save the child, but " to cure half the world." Bignell remained in the house. He exhorted me to be faithful, and to engage in prayer. The child died the next morning. I saw Fisher about four minutes after the child was dead, as I had sent for him before it died. In the preseuce of Bignell and my wife I asked him what, was the use of his word. He said, " Be quiet, be quiet, I won't give up the affair till 9 o'clock." He mentioned two men — Boyle and Qrantley — whom, he said, had caused the child's death by drawing the spirit from it. He said he would wait till 9 and would then make them give up the spirit to him, and when he had got it he would put it back into the child, and if they did not restore it he would make them. I then began to lose faith, and told Fisher I doubted bis power. He asked me to have patience, and said Qod would show me that what he had said about the child's death was right. Fisher made four statements about the child's death — 1. That the man bad withdrawn the spirit. 2. That Qod took him as a sacrifice for the Church. 3. That it was in consequence of my own inconsistencies. 4\. That I had doubted him, and had prayed to Qod to know whether he was the Messiah or. not. The fault, he stated, was not his. Qod had made it known to him that Bignell had not used the spirit power he (Fisher) had given him. He then remained still for some time, and said he had been speaking with the spirit of the child. I took no steps to expose Fisher, as I was waiting to see whether Qod would give me the promised evidence of Fisher's right I asked for a public explanation after waiting in vain for some time. Fisher again accused me of doubting, and said he could not give a public explanation, as that was like appealing to a higher court to upset the decree of the court below. He was glad that the child had died, as it would be a caution to others. He then refused to give an explanation in the church. I understood that while I contributed money, neither I, my wife, nor the children, would die. He said to me on one occasion, that people asked a blessing of Qod, but did not bring in their " tithes," and that, if they neglected to do this, their cause could not succeed. Ia answer to Mr. Templeton the witness stated, after people became believers it was understood that each was to give according to his means. Cross-examined by Mr. Qillott : I borrowed a sum of money from Fisher. It was £2 10s., and before 1868, and I did not pay it back. I will not swear that £6 was not paid to my wife by Mr. Joiner on behalf of Fisher. My wife told me Joiner had left £5 before 1868. It was not paid back. Joiner told my wife he had been directed by the Spirit to give it to hei, and that he did not want to be thanked for it. I know Mr, Barker. He did not pay me £5. Barker did not give Fisher £5, which he handed to me. I did not ask Fisher for £5 to buy seed potatoes. If Fisher says I owe him £17 10s it will be false. Fisher once gave me a pair of wheels and told me they cost £i, and that he had got them a bargain. I got some meat from Fisher, but not half a beast. I got meat more than once, and did not pay for it. I used 'to preach for five or six years. It was generally in the evening, and often at Fisher's place. I sometimes had two meals a day at Fisher's, but not eveiy Sunday. I do not remember a com plaint about me for preaching " that Peter did not deny Jesus." I did not say that he never denied Jesus, but that there was nothing in the Qospels to prove this. No charge of impropriety with a Miss Tillage was made against me. I heard my name being connected with hers, and I spoke to Fisher, and asked him to investigate the matter. Fieher was satisfied with my explanation, and said the matter was not worth talking about. Mr. Miller: Perhaps he approves of such things. Witness: I was not expelled from the Church. I do not know if the congregation refused to hear me. Afterwards I again spoke about an explanation of a vision not beiDg satisfactory. Fisher said he would appoint a time to explain. , If I did not like it I might leave.. My wife was present when the first £10 was given. Fisher did not ask for it. On receiving it he said, This is a large sum." My wife and children hadoften meals at Fisher's house, and the horse was put up. There is a passage in Scripture about anointing children. I would not have anointed the child myself. Fisher said the child would not die, and if it-had sins they should be forgiven it. I said at our meetings that I had had a revelation after Divine communication. . I thought I was walking at the seaside. I found . a fish, one side of which was gold and the other of stone. When I told Fisher he said, "Do you not understand it ?" I said, No. " What would it make if you were to add an R ?" said Fisher. I answered that I supposed it would make Fisher. " Does not that convince you?" he replied. " The fish is the symbol of the law, human and Divine. ( The gold signifies the human law, and the stone the Divine law." For that reason I believed Fisher was the Messiah. Mr. Templeton: And you took all this for granted? _ Witness : I thought it a very feasible explana tion. I do not recollect Fisher denying at the meeting that he was Messiah. I constantly had dreams, and related them to Fisher and the con gregation at the monthly meeting. When I gave Fisher the first £5, my wife was present, but when I gave trim the last no one was there but Fisher ,and myself. Bignell did not tell me to lay this information I did not know Bignell would be examined as a wit ness. Re-examined by Mr. Miller : I have done £50 worth of work for Fisher. Miss Tillage married Fisher's brother-in-law. Fisher, his wife, another woman that liveB with him, and their children, often came to my house. In answer to Mr. Templeton, the witness said : I did not take proceedings earlier, because 1 was waiting for Qod's evidence. While waiting to get evidence, I found out that an inconsistency was being ' carried on in the Church. Fisher said he would not cure the child, but that my wife should have a baby, and that the spirit of the dead child should enter into it. I was not, however, to be the father of the child, " for it was to be raised between him and the missus." My wife, when he said this to her, asked him to tell me. He said he would speak about it at the proper time. My wife was always asking if Fisher had told me anything important. On my answering in the negative she said, "If he has not, I will." When I was told I went to him and asked why he had not made me acquainted with the fact. He disclaimed any natural desi e, and said he waB commanded by the Lord. Again I asked why I had not been told. He said, " Don't be rash j I have had a dream, and have seen not only your child dying, but all your family cut off. Enquire of your children." I then thought he was as an impostor, and spoke out openly. He consented to a private meeting. I asked when, and he said in three months. He wanted only members to be present who had taken the oath of allegiance to him, and refused that my wife or sons should be present. He brought forward a motion asking whether I should continue a member of the Church, or whether I was about to break the oath. They turned me out five or six months ago. I wished to take ad vice as to the legality of the decision at the quarterly meeting, and that put off the exposure three months longer. I then went to clergymen for advice as to whether I should let the matter drop, or bring it before the world. They were of opinion that out of charity I should divulge the imposture, to prevent others being duped in the like manner. Mr. Templeton then said that although there was some use in exposing the man, there could be no good in committing him, however disgusted they might be at his conduct. Every person who changed his religion might, if this case were taken as a precedent of committal, turn round and sue the clergyman of his former religion for having obtained support from him by -false pretences. If the case were meant to succeed, the prosecution muBt fix some special act by which the fraud was committed. Eliza Wibon was then called, who said : I am the wife of the last witness. I know Fisher. He came to our house to see the child that died afterwards. He anointed the child, and gave it something which ho called gentia, or ether, after which it grew better. The child took ill again. When he came the second time lie sat for a minute or two with his head in his hand. He said he saw a virion of a sapling with the heart sapped out of it. If he had not been sent for it would have been doomed to die, but he would cure it. The child got no better, and he came again with Bignell. I was standing at the bedside, and ex pressed some doubt as to its state of health. Fisher said " Don't doubt, nothing is the matter with it; keep it warm. I never felt greater power, and I have delegated that power to Big nell while he watches the child." I was led to believe that he was the Christ. He used to say that, as the ark could not move without natural aid, but had to be put in a cart and drawn, so be could not get on without aid. At this stage of the proceedings, the witness was interrupted by Mr. Templeton. It was useless to proceed with the charge of false pre tences if some existing act were not brought forward to prove the charge. He asked Mr. Miller if he had any stranger evidence to bring forward. That gentleman gave a negative answer, when. Mr. Templeton continued : He could, not understand how people seemingly so respectable could fee such fools, and tlie law could not be invoked to protect such infatuation. As there was no existing proof of the false pretence. there was no Sther course left to the Bench but to dismiss the case. — THE END. The court was soon emptied, and Fisher having been congratulated by his admiring followers, departed for his lares and penates at Nunawading; while Wilson strode about for a time disconsolate, but albeit somewhat relieved .to think he had. been the means of exposing the practices of one whom after following as a master he looked upon as a, rank impostor. . ' . t - Messrs. Bignell and Hendersoq were pn Tuesday summoned before the St. Kilda Police Conrt by Mr. J. Matheson, groper, of High street. The summons was for a sum of £4 0s. 10d., due for. groceries supplied. The . account had been run ning since the month of Vebruary last, and various promises had been made by. Bignell from time to time that it would be settled. Mr. Mafcheson's connection with his customers is of a comparatively recent date, but they were dealers at the shop be fore he became its proprietor. Judgment was given for the amount claimed, with 10s. costs, in the absence of the defendants. But shortly after wards, and when adjudication had been made, Mr. Henderson came and said that he wanted a little time to pay the money. He waB referred to the plaintiff's, and went to his shop, where some warm language was used. 