©ftoftiiH. V-:' BOBBI^O ; ABOUNp HANARO. -^??.'?:'^;lBr-?«nMt«.3« :.'.-: to »i^r for the benefit of PoV«Vd tny liieir^&^niM of Jinmsp nature were ob onborsebtefc COjie of -lliem, ibougK he might \\- baVB -' fcJKK&ed; ?*-wn ' some thoroughbreds in Urt course of a certain avocation, I never recollected having seen ' enjoring a mount ' till then, a Sunday or so back. Tbe'wee David was gallop ing', like mad, as if be wete flying from « dread foe; while trii namesake the tindmost, whip in hand, but not by any' meant suggestive of Hacalieter, so far as jocVcTship is concerned, was trying to :. come up to the leader. Although the fe pursuer's rate of 6peed was faster by long chslke than that of tis horse, bo didn't stand the ghost of a chance in catching human. Passing us by, be attempted , to salute my old woman. He bobbed up ana aown irequenuy, lining nis nana to bis bat, and holding on to the pummel of bis saddle. The chapeon basmess a la l Geo^rreyEagertumMoutadecidedcase (T of ?? no go.' u Poor fellow; it; doesn't eeem to come to him '.natural-like,'' says my Pol. ; so she excused him with a tender, pitiful adieu, and he travelled along. The rider in the van was still doing a terrific pace; having the bridle of Ids horse between his teeth, he stuck to his seat by one hand, like grim death, and whipped with the oticr. Uncon sciously, he spurred with both heels, his toes being pointed out, and his trousers folded up. Our courteous friend resumed the chase, which was terminated about twilight Near 'The Cottage,4' the wee David took across country for his bare life, clearing the fences and creeks intervening between that place and the MMJJUL ^ UB DMUUgV, UttODUIg OMUllgC, bis horse would not budge from this establishment) like a Trojan. Still his namesake, nothing daunted, followed suit, { at, as could be plainly noticed, the ex ? gjcnsc of a deal of horse and other flesh. You ought to have beheld .the latter's eaddle-cloth. Dyed a crimson red, it bore unmiBtakcable testimony to the courageous endurance of the equestrian. Significant it was of a sanguinary con test My old woman, addressing them, tojio core, auo : #* win oe some time, I reckon, my sporting gentlemen, before you again venture to ? Spur your fraud' hum hut,' mat rU- In Me**.* You'll .know what rough-riding is.' En patient (as the Frenchman says), the . last feature in this extraordinary display of horsemanship gave rise to the rumor (bruited about last week) that a murder bad been committed in 'Naughty Lane' on Sunday night At on early hour on Monday morning, a. colossal member of ' The F.' was patrolling the lane, where he dropped across a pair of 'unmention- ables' saturated with blood. He was delighted with the prospect of getting up s case of downright murder. The arti cles Ire forthwith subjected to professional scrutiny. No' less than three doctors pronounced the blood to, be human. A strict investigation was held upon the gory remains. No clue being hod to cither the ill-fated victim or the blood thirsty fiend, the police resolved to search oil the habitations in proximity to ' The Wire Rendezvous.' The gigantic peeler next resorted to a Cooma public, where he took the vtual preliminary step, and, winking at the pretty, smiling barmaid, he essayed to gather a little information. He was not there long when he . learnt, quite by accident, that the ' unmention ables ' aforesaid belonged to one of the ?tccplcchasers, whose unfortunate horse bos been bought by a mail contractor, near Ooulburn. I don't mean to say the young lady gave the information ; my proverbial gallantry (Pol. is out visiting) is proof against the insinuation. . The young man who photographs was -juicklj on the scene of the supposed murder, taking sun-sketches of the villas about An excited group, in which bis 'lordship' the watchmaker is head-'; centre, was' pictured to perfection. His Majesty was disgusted when the mystery cleared up'. : I suppose tho shadows arc.to be seen at my friend^H. B.'s, in whose studio I often while away my time, scanning the lineaments of old but easily _ recognisable faces. Pol. and I had our ' likenesses taken,' which I enclose with compliments,. &c.; lly old .woman be lieves in Mr. Baxter. Ah1 depend upon it, my loyalty led me to the Tea-tree to wittiest the Boccs got up by my friend George, of - Maseie- ' street. I dropped is ' fiver' or two on die Prussian, tmall Waffle to him, who somehow didn't stind'ite remotest show. The;-.VMntuhVBytoa*\w^o;t»njpbitly. with tho very distant relative of $he dis coveVer of Aus^a^hwl pu|.away under cotidolcfa i£ot into tov tnp ~ ? bound for the 'races.' He ('onmy word of honor, as kgeademnn.') tendered me his sym pathy; ' vThe *' rising lawyer ?.*!? was bled to ' the amount «f » few shillings. He knows how-to 'hedgejin': his betej dways^makinga^b^V^heconfritas,; in nearly every instance, , neither to Jose ??' npr win; : The bUcks* were the most proraincht' characteristic of the Queen's uiraiaay sporu. it is astonishing tne liking they bare lor tip-top society. They don't shove their nose(s) in, like the 'Half-Sirs' in the old country. To tell you the plain truth; I believe the atorigines are bora aristocrats. At Teal tree,' they sadly wanted money. An appeal. for pecuniary assistance, was nearly staved oif, In one instance, by the rejoinder, to a sable prince, that 'he would get drunk.' How the fire of in dignation lit np (hat darkcyVeye. ' Me get drunk]' he said. 'No fear; me drink' bitters only, like Captain .' There's no miBtake iftbout^— ' deny it, who can','— the promoter of the pickled; dinner 4s * joUy ^wS-fdlpw. 'Ato& bobI;— ^ume. of ypur; spopney- dndneys who, becauBethe/have |f6J.a poundor eo in hard cash, jforget whatthey were a fe* yeaW ago, .and Sron^ShakeTianaT with a poor .man that is horny- handed (unless no other mortal ey« can st* tb^m, ?r they are electioneering, or, to make themselves 'big bugs,' are procuring signatures to an address welcoming the Governor, in the preparation of which they don't speud a tap)... Some of those chaps — 'darned mushrooms,' my old wpman calls them — must have been born with silver spoons in their mouths ; they are, oftencrthan id their due, pitchforked into billets which convert' them into little gods. Yot, how often do we see gentle men—nature's nobility, not your artificial spawn — stop to shake hands with an old friend, no matter how humble in circum stances, provided that be is decent ; the thorough gcntlcmnn endorsing the spirit 01 itoDerx uums n?ing worn, ' An fconeat nan U tile nobient voile of Onv.' cannot lost caste through it, if society bo established on a pure basis. Well, tho preserved gentleman meets me on the racecourse, and says, working me up and down like a pump handle: 'Jumbuck, how are you getting on ? You are going to the dinner at. Cohen's ? ' You cannot resist on invitation of that sort. I pledge you, should yon call at D ? g, you will be as ' welcome as the flowers of May ' (by the way. the flowers do not thrive apace on Manaro at this period). Pol. was for putting in an appearance ; but I hinted that Mts.So-and-So (who is as great an authority in- such* tilings here as the beadle of the parish is at home) was not going, which proved a clincher ; so Pol. stopped at home to do what your Bobundarah correspondent has proved binisrif au fail in — 'rock tho cradle.' Drat him (I must let off fitciun), my old woman is continually aaotine him as an example. However, I took a bock seat at the 'blow-out,' between two outnnd out swells. Grace having been Raid by the president, we (the invited) ladlad into preserved soup and devoured the mutton, which were as palatable as any civilised being could wish. After a flourish of trumpets, the convcrtatione proceeded in a tolonra manner — ' words of wisdom deep from the speakers fell.' The vicc proBcrvod-presidcnt said : ' Gentlemen, escribe the sensations vor. hs.vo exneri enced,' the meaning of which had to be interpreted for the doctor by a ' Caledo nian.' I felt under an immense compli ment to the sapient individual who pro nounced the kidneys rather ' dry.' Not a bad hint, that I The Albury wine soon went into circulation, causing everyone to become enlivened. Then Dr. Bis marck expressed hie obligation to those present for feeding the Gcnnan soldiers with preserved mutton, and hie patriotism rose to such a pitch thnt lie asked tbo assemblage to rctoost the Gonlburn Meat Preserving Company, when Ihcchnirninu said it was contrary to order. The doc tor assumed a vory hostile attitude (in one particular, ill-bred) towards one of the guests, whom he snnpoclcd of French proclivities, and \w cut some very queer capers. One speaker related nn anecdote that put us all on the qvi tier. He said he knew upwards of a score families who bod not tasted meat for fivc-and-twenty weeks, the most singular part of the story being that every materfamilias was in ns stout health as possible, which rondo numerous converts to tht vegetarian diet. A particular friend of the narrator said, in bis sly manner, 'Absurd I absurd ! absurd 1 '—the last ' absurd,' worked up to a dignified tone, as ranch as to say here lietb Wisdom — cxclamatioi.s which caused a ' millingterry ' friend to try the parliamentary cheer, but it did not stand fire, and Atnclc to the initiator. My Pol. says the 'absurd' gentleman is a bachelor ; she is right I've been to the Oorroborce ; will tell you all about it next week. 