I THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Suez Matt. Service.—The Govern ment have received a despatch stating that the Victorian Government have intimated to the agent of the P. and O. Comj»ay in Melbourne that they -will have no. - objection, to the ocean steamers calling at either of the three South Australian -ports—Lacepede, Nepean, or Holdfast Bays, provided that this concession does not involve them in any additional expense. In other words, they have consented unconditionally to the request of thin colony; for in asking their co-opera tion it was announced that South Australia would be prepared to pay the extra eosfc. The despatch comes from the late Chief Secretary of Victoria, so that the subject must hare been one of the last to receive the attention of his Administration. Whether this be so or not, the information it conveys is welcome, as- indicating an important step gained towards the accomplishment of our wishes. The Late De. Smales.—Our telegraphic column reports the death and the verdict of a Coroner's Jury on the late Dr. Richard' Smales, of Noarlunga. He was the second son of a naval officer, who left his widow considerable property, including Charlotte-row, Walworth^ near London, where she continued to reside with her family. Of the three sons the eldest^ Halbert, became a solicitor, and the youngest, Thomas, entered the army, and Bichard, tbe subject of the present notice, who was born about the year 1809, received a good classical education at a private school, and was-then articled to Mr. Parsons, a surgeon of excellent standing in Walworth-terrace, with whom he subsequently entered into partnership. He arrived in South Australia 14 or 15 years ago as surgeon of the Nashwauk, an immigrant ship which was wrecked, without any lives being lost, near the mouth of the Onkaparinga. Soon after this he settled at Noarlunga, where he has con tinued the practice of bis profession for the remainder of his life. In a subsequent issue - we shall give particulars of the official enquiry into the cause of his death. Funeral of the Late Rev. S. Keen.—The. remains of the late Rev. Samuel Keen were , interred in the West-terraee Cemetery, Ade laide, on Friday afternoon, June 23. Preceding: the burial there was a-service in the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, at which there was a large attendance of mourners and friends of the deceased. The Revs. T. Piper and J. Trewin took part in the devotional exercises, and the Rev. J. Asliton (Superintendent of the Circuit) delivered an address. He referred t» the serious loss which that Church had sustained jn the removal of the departed, and dwelt upon \- the value of bis nineteen years' service in. the colony. He spoke of the confidence with which Mr. Keen looked forward to death and the hopes which buoyed him up, and after a few words of 'consolation to the bereaved alluded to ■ the lesson which such an event should bring home to the minds of all who were unprepared to die. At the conclusion the cortege, which numbered about 20 vehicles, moved on to the Cemetery, where the Rev. J. Way conducted a short Lei vice, and the Rev. Mr. Allen offered a few impressive remarks. The solemn proceed ings closed with singing and prayer. Overland Telegraph. —We understand that the tenders of Messrs. Reynolds & Lake have bean ' accepted for the supply of building materials for stations on the overland line of telegraph—that for the Peake Station being £75 Is. lid., and for four interior stations £484 Os. 8d. There were four other offers. Adelaide Hospital.—A meeting of the Board of Management was held on June 23. Number • of patients admitted since last meeting, 50; discharged, 34; died, 5; now in Hospital, 154; out-patients prescribed for, 530. Colonial Slate.—From the quantity of slate that has left the Willunga quarries witbm the last few weeks it is hoped that this branch of : Industry is reviving. - Deer.—One of these beautiful strangers was seen a few days ago on Myponga Flat. One was also started between Clarendon and Meadows several weeks since, and it is thought that most likely this is the same animaL Town Cbieb's Livery.—Mr. John Dutton,', an important functionary at Kapunda, has been, writing, wanting to know where his promised suit is. He states that leading men of the town told him that £15 had been subscribed to buy a livery, and afterwards money was given for a bell and belt. Dolorously he asks where the clothes are, and expresses a wish to have FrRE balloon.—it is stated ny residents ease of Gawler that about 7 or 8 p.m. on Wednesday a balloon passed over where they were, and was distinctly seen. They imagined it was Mr. Gale's affair, and that the aeronaut was showing a magnesium light, as the flame was so bright. Of course, if a balloon at all, the thing must have been one of the common fire sort. Trans-Continental Telegraph.—We learn from Mr. J. Rounsevell, who arrived in Adelaide - from the Far North on Wednesday, June 21, that everything in connection with Mr. Bagot's contract is progressing satisfactorily. There w as a fair, although not abundant, supply of feed and water, and men and stock were in capital condition. There were about 400 miles of the line poled, 150 of which had been wired, and there is little doubt that the whole length of 500 miles will be completed by September next. It is anticipated that the Telegraph Offices at Beltana will be opened on or about July 2. Planting of Trees.—The Municipal Council of Kensington and Norwood invite the co-opera tion of the inhabitants in planting the streets with ornamental trees. A deputation of the Council, appointed on Thursday evening, con sisting of Bis Worship the Mayor and Coun cillors Thomas and Gooden, waited on Dr. Schomburgk on Friday morning to consult with him as to the class of trees most suitable for placing in the streets of the municipality. Dr. Schomburgk recommended the Stereulea heterophylla, the Eucalyptus marginata (Jarrah), Eucalyptus callophylla, red flowering gum of Western Australia, the Moreton Bay and the white cedar as best suited for the purpose. It is intended to plant the trees 30 feet apart, and. to protect them with uniform guards. The inhabitants desirous of having them planted in front of their premises can ascertain the terms on application to the Town Council. The cost will be comparatively trifling; the advantages permanent. The Council will supplement the expenditure from the general funds, and superintend the trenching, &c.; Yotjng Men's Biblical Society. — The annual meeting of this North Adelaide Society was held in the Friendly Societies' Hall, Cambridge-streetj on Tuesday evening, June 20. A good number of members and friends partook of tea, provided by the President. A. soiree, was then held, when the room was crowded. Mr. Theodore Hack, who presided, after the Secretary's satisfactory report had been read, showing the Society's progress, gave an ab'-e address. Excellent recitations were rendered by several young men, and a few short pieces of music by members of the Archer-street Choir. Speeches closed a pleasant evening's proceedings about 10 o'clock. The Society is entirely un sectarian, and its meetings are free to any young man every Sunday afternoon. The. Late Mes. Thomas Godfrey.:—Our obituary contains a notice of the death of Mrs. Thomas Godfrey, wife of a gentleman well known from Ms connection- with the Press at Wallaroo. We understand that the funeral,. which took place on Tuesday afternoon, was largely attended, the principal residents of the three Peninsula towns, including the Super intendents and Captains of the mines, being present. The Kev. J. L. Smith officiated. Colonial Ink.—Mr. J. H. M.. Hawkes baa sent us a sample of colonial ink, concerning which he writes that it is made in the colony,, and that its chief constituent is wattle-bark. | He adds:—"After along series of experiments to find out some means, if possible, of preventing ; the decay of the vegetable properties of the ink, and its consequent fading (a fault with all the. ! colonial inks that I have seen), the sample with which this note is written is the result.!' Mr. Hawkes's note would certainly strike us as having been written with very good ink, and a trial of the sample rather confirms the im _ pression. Wa shall be glad to find another ' item added to the list of colonial manufactures. ' Britain and Germany.—The German Club, having bought the portrait in oil of the Emperor William of Germany, which we lately noticed, now intend to have painted a companion picture of Queen Victoria. Suppression of Nuisances.—The mma of Mr. Thomas Worsnop, Hon. Secretary of the Committee, was accidentally omitted from the Ihit of gentlemen who waited on the Govern ment on Thursday in reference to the suppres sion of nuisances. A Murray Monster.—An enormous Murray cod, which weighed 130 lbs., and was stated to be the largest ever caught in the Murray, attracted a good deal of attention in a fish monger's shop in Bourke-street, Melbourne, on Friday, June 16. . C. E. Thiemann.—At the Police Court on Monday morning, in the case of Fotheringham against Thiemann, Mr. Downer, for the aceused, asked for a further remand till.Friday. Mr. Bruce, for the prosecution, said ^ he had no objection to the adjournment, and, in answer to Mr. Beddome, P.M., Mr. Downer said the bail had both consented to its being extended, till Friday. The application was granted.. Danding or OCR Min^—There seems to be some hope ih&t; the. recognition of our light to have our European mails delivered at «u door may be conceded by the neigh homing colonies. ; We learn by telegram that the Sydney Chamber of Commerce do not object to the P. & O. -steamers •calling at G-lenelg, provided their time for replying to their letters is not shortened; or in other words, provided the P. & O. Com pany can be induced to increase the speed of their vessels to a very trifling extent. This is so purely a question of & s. d. with them that if Victoria is equally reasonable the matter will he practically in oar own hands. We imagine that the Company would -require for the extra distance and extra -speed a considerably less sum than our branch service at present costs us. Item fob Sportsmen.—In the Port Gawler \- District game is plentiful, and although people are continually banging away at wild fowl the teal appear to be as abundant as ever. The scrub farmers are complaining. of the inroads of wallaby, rabbits, and kangaroos among their crops and on the grass lands. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide daring the week ended Saturday, June 17, were:—Births, 18 males; 31 females. Deaths, 7 males;' 2 females. Total—49 births, 9 deaths. Xxcess of births, 40. \- The Other Colonies and the Overland Line.—The Australasian follows the lead of the Argus in exculpating South Australia from a charge of selfishness in regard to this line. It says;—"The publication by the Queensland Government of the correspondence which has taken place between it and its Agent-General in England, as well as with the Governments of the neighbouring colonies, on the subject of the electric telegraph, places the whole question in a wholly new light. It now appears that it was Queensland which endeavoured to monopolize the use of the cable about to be laid from Java to the northern shores of this continent; and Dr. Palmer, the Chief Secretary at Brisbane, repeatedly admonished the Agent-General in London 'not to consent to any arrangement whatever that would admit of South Australia being connected with the line' which the British and Australian Company had offered to con struct. In gratifying contrast with the selfish and disingenuous policy of the Queensland Government is the action taken by the Govern ment of South Australia, which, in April, 1870, announced that Queensland would be allowed to effect a junction with the ' diametric line' at or near the Roper, and formally submitted a pro position for an alternative line on this basis' to the Chief Secretary at Brisbane as recently as September last." The Outward English Mail.—We under stand that in making up the last European mail the bag from Port Adelaide for Loudon, via Brindisi, was by some accident left behind. It was, however, forwarded by the Coorong, on Tuesday, to Melbourne, so as to be sent on by the Cahforman mail steamer. Partridges.—When the Goolwa left Loudon she had on board 20 partridges, which were so well attended to on the voyage that the. greater number have arrived in fine feather. They are intended for liberation on some estate; and if unmolested for a time, foraging for them will furnish sportsmen with an opportunity of indulg ing in the old pastime of partridge shooting. A.I.O.O.F.—At a'Finance Committee meet ing of the Duke of Kent Lodge, on Wednesday, June 21, it was unanimously agreed to apply to the Medical Committee for the admission of this Lodge into the proposed Medical Institute, and if this request be complied with, D.G.M. F. G. Males and P.S. W. C. Calder were appointed as representatives. The resolutions as to medical attendance were unanimously passed. If the proposed Institute be formed, it is intended to allow the surgeons £400 a year each, with the privilege of private practice. It was also agreed to subscribe £2 annually to the Adelaide Hospital, and the Delegates to next District 'meeting were directed to move that £10 be subscribed annually by the District to the same Institution. At a Finance Committee meeting of the Prince Albert Lodge,;on Tuesday, June 20, the medical resolutions were adopted. Weights and Measures.—On Thursday morning several persons were at the Adelaide Police Court fined for using deficient weights, and John Geary, of Crafers, was fined 5s. for being the owner of six unstamped ones, on in formations by Inspector Durieu. Before'the'! closing of the Court Mr. Beddome, P.M., asked if Geary had gone, and on being ans weredin the nega tive, ordered the amount to be returned, as, on looking over Act 13 of 1843, clause 9, under which this charge was laid, it would be seen that any person having "false or deficient, unstamped, or unmarked balances, weight, and measures," would have them forfeited, then broken, or otherwise disposed of as the Justices might direct; and the fine for every false or deficient weight or measure would be any sum not exceeding £10, nor less than 5s. In this case defendant was only charged with having "un stamped," and not with using deficient weights. In answer to Inspector Durieu, His Worship said if the weights were tested and found correct they most be returned, but if incorrect should be destroyed. We were subsequently informed by Inspector Durieu that on the weights being tried four out of the six were found deficient, and will therefore be broken, the other two being handed back to the owner. French Relief Fund.—Mon. Marval, the J Hon. Secretary of this Fund, has informed us | that the recent concert in connection with it realized £44, leaving as a net result £30. j Sugar Cargo.—The Amine, which arrived i here from Mauritius a few days back has bBen \ ordered on to Melbourne, mid started for that j port on Thursday morning. j Vehicle Accident.—Whilst Mr. and -Mrs. H. Perkins, of Woodside, were proceeding to Adelaide on Tuesday, and when near Oakbank, their horse fell, breaking both shafts close to the body of the trap, which fell forward. The occupants were thrown to the ground, but not much hurt, then the animal took fright, bolted in the direction of the Tiers, with a broken shaft attached to the harness; bnt after a gallop of about four miles was captured and brought back. Mr. Johnston placed a buggy at Mr. Perkins' disposal, in which with his wife he returned home after his almost miraculous escape. The Theatre Royal.—By the Aldinga on Thursday arrived Mrs. Gladstane and her theatrical company. The names of the principal actors and actresses were telegraphed to us a few days ago. Viceregal.—The Bobart Toimi Mercury con-. tains the following paragraph confirmatory of announcements already made as to certain vice regal movements:—"His Excellency Mr. Du Cane and the Hon. Mrsl Du Cane, accompanied by Mr. Chichester, Private Secretary, and suite, intend to pay another visit to Sir James and Lady Fergusson at Adelaide, to be present at the wedding ef Lieut. Fergusson (Sir James's relative and Private Secretary) and Miss Gilbert. Mr. and Mrs. Du Cane are to leave for. Mel bourne by the s.s. Southern Cress on the 28th inst., and will be accompanied to Adelaide by Viscount Canterbury, Governor of Victoria, Lady Canterbury, and suite." Stabbing Case.—On Saturday, June 17, before Mr. S. Terrell, at Blinman, Dan All, alias John Richards, a Chinaman, who had been arrested on warrant charged with cutting and wounding Patrick Nelson, was remanded until the 21st, the prosecutor not having sufficiently recovered to attend. Nelson is under the care of Dr. Powell, who has hopes of a recovery. Milang Jetty. — On Thursday afternoon, June 22, a deputation, consisting of Mr, J. ' Cheriton, M.P. for Mount Barker, and Mr. Tbos. Adamson, Chairman of Bremer Council, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works with a request that the Government would erect a new crane on the Milang J etty. It was repre sented that the crane now used was quite un serviceable for heavy traffic. The management of the jetty had been handed to the District Council, who had hitherto kept it in repair, although the receipts had fallen short of the expenditure by £300; but they thought that as the supply of this want would benefit the whole colony, by facilitating the Murray traffic, the expense should be borne by the Government. They felt that they should not be asking too much in desiring to have a good substantial crane that would lift four tons, and the Council ■would remove the old and fix the new one. The cost would be about £60 or £70. The Com missioner replied that he had no funds which he could apply for doing anything to jetties that were under the care of District Councils, and this request, if complied with at all, would have to be by a special vote of the Legislature. In answer to the further question whether he could place a summon the^Estimates for the purpose, the Commissioner said he could not give a defi nite answer then, but would bring the matter before his colleagues. Eradicating Thistles.—The Alexandrine District Council have directed their Clerk to employ a man in thistle-cutting, who is to carry salt with him, and rub a little on any roots that may remain in the ground. A TeetotaLLEB.— At Evandale, Tasmania, a spaniel dog was the other day taken up alive out of a shaft into which it had fallen, and where it had remained for three weeks and five days, sus taining its existence only on water. The Intended Balloon Ascent.—Every body was disappointed. There "was no lack of gas, and Mr. Gale had every auxiliary in his favour], The weather was delightfully pleasant, the number of spectators something enormous, and the- general sympathy on the side of the performance; but after all the balloon did not go up, and accordingly the people—both old and young—were, to say the least of it, disap pointed. The cause of it all arose from a mis calculation as p to the time necessary to inflate the huge machine. Considering the experience Mr. Gale has had, it is a pity that he did not apply some preliminary test to ascertain exactly the number of hours it would take a 3-inch main in such a position to supply 25,000 feet of gas. If this had been done the work of inflation would no doubt have been commenced at 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning, and then all difficulties in this respect' would nave been avoided. It is due to Mr. Gale to say that he appeared to be as much put out as the legion of spectators he had gathered together, and that he used his utmost exertions to get the balloon sufficiently filled to float and . take him up alone, but all to no purpose. The structure requires 25,000 feet of gas thoroughly to inflate it, and at 5 o'clock in the afternoon it had little less than two- thirds of this quantity— not sufficient to cause the floatation of the machine itself. It was accordingly seen that there was no prospect of an ascent being made that day, and this disappointing intelligence was quickly circulated, and fresh tickets were issued to those who had paid for admission to the Exhibition Building grounds, whence the Sight was to take place. It is proposed to maKe a second attempt to-day (Saturday) from the Cor- . poiation Sheep and Cattle Yards, North-terrace. Apart from the balloon, the spectacular effect presented l>y the multitudes who had congre gated to witness the great novelty was at once interesting and inspiriting. The people mus tered in thousands—in fact, it is believed by many that such an immense concourse of persons has never before been seen in the colony at any one time, not excepting the occasion of Prince Alfred's visit. The North Park Lands and the road leading to North- terrace were covered with traps, all filled with colonists who had come from various parts of the country; the Botanic Garden has rarely had such an assemblage of visitors; and the rising ground extending from the Exhibition Building to North-terrace one way, and from the Frome-road to the Police Barracks on the other appeared to be one mass of human beings. Everybody seemed to be in good humour, and nothing was wanting - to render the occasion an enjoyable one but the actual ascent of the balloon itself. Tfis Excellency the Governor arrived at the scene of attraction at about 4 o'clock, and of course shared in the general disappointment. The three gentlemen who had arranged to take an aerial trip with Mr. Gale were somewhat chagrined that their desires could not he grati fied, particularly as they had made ample pro vision for the coldest temperature of which an altitude of two or three miles was capable, but xt is understood that their right of entree to the aerial car holds good for the next attempt. It is very much to the credit of the immense assemblage that they took their disappointment so quietly. They aU acknowledged themselves " sold," and appeared to be much comforted by the reflection. » Theatre Royal.—On Tuesday evening the Benevolent Dramatic Society gave an entertain ment at the Theatre Boyal in aid of the funds of the Adelaide Hospital. There was a very large attendance. With the exception of the boxes, every part of the house was well filled. The performances commenced with Reeves' three act drama " Won at Last." It is a smart pro duction, compounded of the staple ingredients of love, suspicion, jealousy, deception, villany, chicanery, and such-like materials, and was excellently performed. Mr. A. G. Tier's imper sonation of Ferdinand Frtzsmith, a sort of honest simpleton of the Dundreary type, whom his" lady-love pronounced to be "not such a fool as he looked," was a capital performance. Mr. F. Rice as General Warburton looked and acted the veteran officer —"jealous in honour, sudden and quick in quarrel"—with an evident appreciation of the author's conception of the part. The character of Constance Warburton, though requiring a good deal of dramatic ability, was "very well sustained by Miss Emily Woods; and the subor dinate characters were also well rendered. It . is seldom, indeed, that amateur performers so nearly approach to professional acting as on this j occasion. The prompter's voice was sometimes rather too audible, and occasionally the per formers appeared stiff and unimpassioned, j yet on the whole they well merited the frequent rounds of applause and calls before the curtain with which they were favoured. The third act of "Othello" formed the interlude. In "this Shaksperian selection the dramatists attempted too much and did too little. They neither did justice to the great dramatist nor to themselves. ; The entertainment was concluded with the (not particularly) laughable farce of " 40 and 50." Amateur Entertainment at the Port.— The literary and musical soiree announced by the Presbyterian Young Men's Association of i Port Adelaide took place in the Town Hall • there on Tuesday evening, when the anticipa tions formed as to its success were fully realized. Every seat was occupied, and judging from the frequent acclamations, the amateurs' efforts were thoroughly appreciated. The Mayor, Mr. J. Fonnby, presided, and the programme commenced with an original pro logue given by Mr. J. H. Gordon. Excellent choruses, glees, and duets..were heartily ap plauded. MissThomas acquitted herself with credit in various songs, and in a dnet with Mr. Thomp son was deservedly encored. Mr. Selth's comic songs were productive of much amusement. The recitations consisted of "The Two Flags," by Mr. G. Matson; "The Monk's Tale," Mr. J. Henderson, jun.; and " Madie's Schule," Mr. Bews; all cleverly rendered. "The Most Mise rable Men upon Earth" was capitally sustained by Messrs] Godden, Gordon, Bews, and Slater; as was a "Scene in a Literary Club," the question " Who was the Greatest Poet" being cleverly discussed. The Holiday at the Port.—At Port Ade laide the closing of most of the retail establish ments and a few other places of business indi cated that Tuesday was being observed as a holiday by a portion of the residents, bat the Custom- House not being closed, shipping affairs went on much as usual, and in many occupa tions there were no signs of rest or pleasure. Bunting was displayed on some vessels, but as there was no special attraction on land or in the stream, few visitors were seen. Entertainment.—0n Tuesday evening, June 20 {the anniversary of Her Majesty's Accession), an operatic and dramatic entertainment was given in "White's Assembly Booms before a large audience, the proceeds to be handed over to the Churchwardens of St. Luke's Church. The various parts were ably sustained by several well known lady and gentleman amateurs, who appeared to have devoted attention to the study of their several parts, the whole affair going of without any apparent hitch. The performers being amateurs, severely to criticise them would be hardly fair, especially as one of the pieces is familiar to our readers as having been put upon the stage of the Theatre Royal by Charles Mathews. The programme commenced with Offenbach's operetta, " Breaking the Spell," in which Mi's. N. Proctor took the part of Jenny Wood (the maid of the inn), Mr. C-. Lyons that of Peter Bloom (a country rustic), and Mr. E. H. Halleck that of Old Matthew {a Chelsea pensioner). This was followed by the amusing farce, " If I had £1,000 a year." Messrs. F. Taylor, R. McDonald, R. J. Willshire, and J. J. Beare respectively performed the parts of Mr. Pad dington Green, Mr. Percy Chaffington, Mr. Paul Chesterton, and Chaffington's clerk, Mrs. N. Proctor appeared as Mrs. Pad dington Green, Miss A. Stanley as Julia, and Miss W. Gordon as maid. The farce was interspersed with local hits at the Glenelg Railway, Provincial Gas Shares, and the balloon failure, each one eliciting considerable laughter in proof of the success of the allusion. The music was arranged and conducted by Mr. J. frail, and the scenery, dresses, and stage appur tenances by Mr. Ray, credit being due to all parties for the evident success of the arrange ments, Schrader's full Opera Band adding to the attractions of therevening. The Eclipse Expedition.—At an ordinary meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria, held on June 12, "Mr. Ellery stated that the Com mittee would shortly have photo-lithographic maps of the line of the forthcoming eclipse in circulation, the lithograph having been already executed. Replies had been received to a large number of the- circulars sent to the adjacent colonies, and among them were letters from EarlBelmoie, President of the N.S.W. Royal Society; Judge Cockle, President of the Queens land Philosophical Society; Dr. Hector, Govern ment Geologist of New Zealand; the Rev._C. Price, President of the Launceston Mechanics' Institute: as also from the Presidents of the Royal Society of Tasmania and the Adelaide Philosophical Society. In these letters the project of chartering a steamer to visit Cape York at the time of the eclipse was warmly approved of, and several of the writers stated that they had been applied to by persons who were desirous of going. Further particulars as to the expense ana other matters were asked for from some quarters, and Mr. Ellery said these would be forwarded. The Committee were preparing a prospectus which would be circu lated in this colony and abroad, affording full information." _■* -~s— — British-Australian Telegraph Company.— W c arc informed tb&t; thG contract between our Government .and the British-Australian Tele graph Company in regard to the trans-conti nental and the cable line was signed in Execu tive Council on Monday morning, and was forwarded to England by that day's mail. High-street Congregational Church.—We" are informed that the Rev. W. Nicholls, of Brighton, has accepted a unanimous invitation to the pastorate of this Church at Kensington, which was vacated lately by the Bev. H. Cheetham. A public recognition service is to be held in a short lame. Art Unions.—The number of subscribers in South Australia to the Art Union of Glasgow is not now so large as it was some years ago, and as a consequence the prizes reaching the colony have decreased. This year—the 26th of the Society's existence—the only successful member was Mr. Wm. Yosz, of Adelaide, who is entitled to a copy of the engraving, "Many happy returns of the day." Melbourne has been more fortunate, having secured several small prizes; but Sydney takes the lead in the whole dis tribution, Captain McLerie of that city having won the oil-painting, "Peace be to this House," by W. C. T. Dobson,AR.A., a picture valued at .£400. There are in all 2,931 subscribers—an increase this year of 339—and each one gets an engraving from this masterly production, while the original painting will come out to New South Wales. Referring to the embodimentof a passage of Scripture, the Secretary's report remarks:— " The treatment of the subject by the artist is. truly grand, and every justice has been done to the work by Mr. F. Holl, the engraver. This engraving has folly borne out the design of the Society—to offer to its members only such works as are calculated to elevate the taste and stimulate a love for the fine arte." Of late years the Scottish Art Union has exceeded the Glasgow in membership so far as this province is concerned, this being in part due to Yorke's Peninsula furnishing a larger proportion of subscribers to the former Association; indeed, Wallaroo, Kadina, and Moonta materially help in swelling the list of each Art Society, in cluding the London. The aggregate member ship in this province of the London Union is something like ten times that of the other British Art Societies represented here. A Change.—So heavy have been the rains in one locality up country where athletic sports were intended to come off on Tuesday that the suggestion has been jokingly made to hold swimming and rowing instead of racing and jumping matches, the fields and roads being in better condition for the former than the latter. ' Good Friday.—An English paper of April 14 says:—"According to Archbishop Thompson, in the article on our Lord in ' Smith's Dictionary of the Bible,1 Good Friday this year fell,on the exact day of the month as that on which the crucifixion took place." Mercantile Marine Insurance Company.— Shareholders in this Company will be pleased to learn that the Directors have declared a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per for the half-year ending June 30, payable on and after the 1st July next. The dividend, it will be seen, amounts to Is. per share. North Australian Company v. Black more.—The trial of this case was on Wednesday morning again postponed and fixed for Tuesday the 4th July, when it is supposed all the other eauses will have been disposed of. Steam-Tug Company.—A notice has appeared of a prospectus of a Steain-Tug and Lightering Company. Mr. W. Wells, the spirited owner of the well-known steamers Eleanor and Young j Australian, which he has for. many years, with j little opposition, employed for towing and. | lightering vessels and pleasure excursions, offers } to " dispose of those vessels .to a .proprietary j holding 180 shares of £50 each;' and there is j reason to believe that the Company will speedily be formed. Mr. Wells offers his services as l ' Manager, and binds himself not'to start opposi-:. tion boats. "The Launch.—We are told that the. Govern ment steam launch has been named the ■ " Margaret," after the Hon. Captain Hart'sJ daughter. The Natives on the Telegraph Line.— The following is an extract from a letter written by a member of the Northern Telegraph Con struction Party, dated River Todd, MacDonnell Range, May 6,1871:—" The natives have been close to our camp, but have not molested us as yet. They tried to burn the pole-cutters out of the place where their camp was. The blacks stole two axes which they had left at their work while they went to dinner. There was a musket, too; they did not take that, but threw it on the ground. They must have been Lightened at it. Three blacks came to the creek where 1 was, and held up their hands for us to come. We went towards them, and when within 20 feet they bade us stop and put our hands on the ground. They then ordered us to go to them, which we did. They did not know what to make of us; felt us all over, and thought that our clothes were our flesh. We took off our boots so that they should see our feet, but they could not make out the socks that we had on. One of them put a boot on his foot and could not walk with it. They are frightened of firearms, horses, and bullocks. The men are as fine a race of blacks as ever I have seen in any part of the world where I have been." French Relief Fund.—In our notice of the proposed bazaar the name of the Hon. Secretary should be MissHarfield, not Miss M. 0. Harford. Viceregal.—The Governor's yacht hove in sight during the strong breeze of Saturday, and as she was at first heading for the Semaphore Jetty a whaleboat was ready to land His Ex cellency ; but subsequently the course was altered to the bar, and the .yacht proceeded at once to Port Adelaide. Serious Accident.—On Saturday about 9 a.m., as George Thorpe, aged 17, was riding to Burnside, Ms horse shied in William-street^ Norwood, near Crampton's Family Hotel. He was thrown on his head on a heap of Corporation metal, which was lying at the side of the road. The sufferer was attended by Dr. Benson, of Kensington, and subsequently taken to the Adelaide Hospital, where his injuries, wMch were found to be serious, were attended to by the House Surgeon. The Esplanade.—The promenade on the northern side of North-terrace was some rime or other dignified with this name, and may yet deserve it. The Coiporation have made alternately persevering and fitful attempts at planting the sides of the footway, and here and there the native timber and orna mental, shrubs look healthy, but there are wide spaces containing the graves of dead trees, while along the north fence there has never been anything like success aeMeved, even if the vis a vis might be considered passable. Last session the grant wMch had been regularly paid to the City Corporation for services in watching and nursing Government attempts at horticulture was withdrawn, so that the trees in front of the Post-Office, Treasury, and Court buildings, and on the Esplanade, have been un guarded, andlefttoshift forthemselvesin a selfish world. Latterly^ however, Dr. Schomburgk, the never- tiring and ever-eBthusiastic, has, in spired by the authorities, taken the case in hand, and while he will deal gently with any growths that are either useful or ornamental, he will probably send others to the stove. In addition extensive planting will be begun. From the principal gate of the Government House Domain to the Institute he is now putting, innear the boundary-wall white cedars— trees which, although shedding their foliage when the shelter is not wanted, cover them selves with leaves in time for the summer's heat. East of the Institute, down to the Hospital, and onward to the Botanic Garden main entrance, a variety will be placed, and there is every pro spect now of Adelaide residents and country cousins having ere long a place where they may stroll or promenade in peace and comfort. The Recent Rains.—The heavy rain on Saturday night transformed the tiny stream wMch had been flowing in the Torrens bed into an impetuous torrent and 'flooded the Sturt, which had. before been dry. The rain will be of great benefit to the farmers. Stock for the Northern Territory.— More than once the progress towards Port Darwin of Messrs. R. & J. Milner, who so pluckily started to cross the continent with sheep, horned cattle, and horses, as pioneer squatters, has been noted; and Mr. Tassie, of Port Augusta, has favoured us with the annexed extract from a letter sent to him. In the com munication, wMch is dated MacDonnell Ranges, April 10, 1871, Messrs. Milner say:—"We are now about half-way over our journey, and have got on very well as yet, having had plenty of feed and water at short stages, which suited us very well. We have pasSed over some very good country for stock. Our sheep are now lambing, and we shall be delayed for some six weeks, and then shall go on. All our stock is in good order, from which you can infer that the country is well adapted for stock. We have not had any losses as yet. We were delayed four weeks at the Finke Creek, not being able to cross for the flood." The Commissioner of Public Works,— The Hon. J. Carr returned to the city on Wednesday afternoon from the North. His route has been by the Burra, Canowie, and Warabra to Mount Remarkable; thence by Coonatto and Yanyarie to the Prince Alfred Mine, JKanyaka, and Wilpena, on to Blinman and Sliding Rock Mines; back by Beltana, and through the Morulina Gap to Arkaba; thence through the PichiricM Pass to Port Augusta, and home by Horroeks's Pass and Pekina. Gallant Rescue. —It frequently happens that we have to report the loss of seamen overboard; indeed, some time back it was a matter of almost every day occurrence on the arrival of oversea vessels; but the ship Invin cible furnishes proof that these unfortunates may sometimes, at least, be rescued.. During March she was running down the north east trades at about six knots per hour, when Marsh, a youngster, who was setting up the backropes, lost his hold and fell overboard. The' mate raised the alarm from the forecastle, and the master, who was on the quarter-deck, at once gave the order to. put the helm hard down, at the same time pitching overboard a lifebuoy, which fell in the water pretty close to where young Marsh was striking out boldly. To nautical men the confusion of rounding a vessel too suddenly when studding sails were set on both sides is obvious, but the manoeuvre seems from all accounts to have been here well performed. A hand was started aloft to keep right of the lad, and although the boat was stowed on the skids no time was lost in getting her over the ride. For awhile success seemed doubtful, but at length by preconcerted signal the boat was enabled to pick up the young castaway, after his being an hour afloat on a buoy. He was rather exhausted, but a little attention from the master seems to have brought him round, and next morning he was none the worse for his submersion. This affair is the more interesting, as young Marsh is a Portonian, his father being one of the oldest shipmasters out of Port Adelaide, now chief officer of the Northern Territoiy schooner Gulnare. Stations on the Ovebland Telegraph. — The Superintendent of Telegraphs is calling for tenders for the supply of building materials for stations on the Overland Telegraph. This refers to the inland buildings; but very shortly tenders are to be invited for the com bined station to be erected at Port Darwin. Attempted Suicide.—On Friday, June 16, at theGawler Police Station, Timothy Gale, who was brought up the day before on a charge of intoxication, and was supposed- to be suffering from delirium tremens, made two attempts on his life. The Times says he appears first to have tried to cat his throat with the top of a kerosine tin; but failingin this tore strips off his blanket, and attempted to strangle himself. When found he was black in the face. Our correspon dent also reports "that he had been drinking hard during tbe week, owing, it is supposed, to want of success in business. On Thursday he was brought before a Magistrate by the police, on a charge of being drunk and incapable of taking care of himself, and; as it was evident he was suffering firom the effects of drink and verging on delirium tremens, he was committed for 24 hours to the police cell, more to keep him out of harm's way and let him sleep off the effects of drink, than a punishment. On Friday after breakfast he broke a piece off a tin bucket that is left in the cell, and with it tried to cut bis throat, but failing in that, he tore a wide strip off the blanket, and fastened it to the iron grating over the cell door, and tried to strangle himself. The piece broke, and he fell, making sufficient noise to attract the attention of the police, who were barely in time to save him from strangulation. He was then brought before the Magistrates as an insane person and sent to the Asylum, as there is no suitable place at Gawler for such persons." "Weights and Measures.—Inspector Durieu, with assistants, paid a second virit to the Central Market on Saturday morning, and made several additional seizures of incorrect- weights. He also tested some butter, but instead of being deficient found it overweight. People who had; failed to comply with the provisions of the Width of Tires Act, by neglecting to have their names, &c.;, painted on their vehicles, Mr. "Durieu warned that if they did not get this done forthwith be would proceed against them. The Governorship op Canada.—A special' despatch received at New York on the 27th April says Sir John Young is reported as about to resign his' position as Governor-General of Canada, and that his successor is likely to be the Marquis of Lome or Prince Arthur.—Age. Horse Accident.—A young man, Richard Weathennan, was on Friday evening, June 16, admitted to the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from a fracture of the left arm, received on Wednesday whilst he was mustering horses oh the Murray Flats. Qe had jumped his horse over a fence, when the'rein breaking the beast bolted and ran against a tree, throwing Weatherman heavily to the ground. Coast Surveys.—H. M. schooner Beatrice returned from a surveying cruise on Saturday afternoon. Ministerial Portrait.—In the Victorian j Police Gazette there appeared the following sketch of the Rev. Samuel Annear, whose visit to South j Australia some years ago will be remembered. ; He is described as 52 years of age, 5 feet 9 or 10 inches high, very stout build, short neck, long body, short bow legs, erect and active gait, large features, prominent nose, small wart on right side, wears all his beard, which is long, j dark, and bushy, inclined to grey, straight dark hair slightly grey, brown restless eyes, sallow complexion, 14 or 15 stone weight; a Cornish man; wears blackclerical-cut clothes, black high hat, white tie, elastic-side or short Wellington boots; may be wearing a long opossum-skin coat and cap. The Empbess Eugenie's Jewellery. — A London correspondent ol the Sydney Morning Herald says:—"I saw an exquisite locket a few days ago that she has just disposed of to a jeweller here—a magnificent yellow diamond, of a singular hue, almost salmon-colour, about an inch and a half long by an inch broad, set round with large diamonds of splendid water, the smallest of them being the size' of a large pea. This superb affair is now offered for sale at £5,500." Friendly Societies.—The Albion, the Ade laide, the Albert, the MacDonnell, and other Lodges of the M.U., and Court Huntsman's Pride of the A.O.F., and branch Societies of other Orders, have passed resolutions in favour of having the members "and their wives and families attended medically at a uniform fee of 12s. _ per annum per member. Should the medical men in the colony not consent to these terms it is contemplated to obtain others from England. Continuous Rain.—Nuriootpa has had 24 hours of incessant and heavy pouring down, yet the threatened flood did not occur, for the earth absorbed nearly all the water that fell, and the river did not rise six inches. The crops look splendid. Clarendon Court.—In our report of a case at the latest sitting of this Bench, it should have been stated that it was Mr. J. F. Cook who pushed down C. Davis, the latter having been using indecent language and annoying some young women; also that Davis, who supposed himself to be aggrieved, and therefore brought an action for assault, alleged that he was not sober. The Appetite op Silkworms.—It is said that the 800,000 silkworms in the cocoonery in Salt Lake City consume 30 bushels of mulberry leaves per day. Aboriginal Missions.—The local press re ports that the quarterly meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Aboriginal Mission Society, held last week, at Moonta, was numerously attended; and the Secretary reported receiving subscriptions and donations since the last meeting to the amount of £7117s. 6d. The balance in hand was found to be £98 lis. 8d. The Sub-Com mittee appointed to procure stock for the new area granted by the Government at Point Pierce reported that 500 sheep had been pur chased on advantageous terms for £171 Is. 3d., which amount it was agreed should be paid, the balance required being furnished by loans for one year, without interest, from two members of the Committee. A letter from the missionary, the Rev. Mr. Kuhn, was then read, whieh stated that all the sheep at the Point were in good condition, and lambing wdl progressing satis factorily. Encouraging reports were furnished by several members of the Committee who had visited the. station as to the prospect of success in the experiment being tried of sheepfarming; and there is every reason to hope that the Mission will be able to extend at an early period of time its exertions for the good of the Peninsula Aboriginals, and in a short time become very nearly self-supporting. Eclipse Gold Mining Company. — The following has been handed to us for publica tion:—"A description of this property, which is situated at Stony Creek, beyond Morialta, was published in the Register some time ago, and since then the proprietors have been engaged in exploring the ground and opening out the reefs. A private Company has been formed to develop them, and a meeting of shareholders was held on Friday afternoon at the Norfolk Arms, when the requisite capital was subscribed. Mr. Wendt was appointed Trea surer, and to manage the affairs of the Company generally in conjunction with Mr. J. S. Scott, the Secretary. A battery of four heads of stamps and every requisite has been ordered from Mr. George Wyatt, and it is expected that in about five weeks from this date crushing operations will be commenced. The machinery will be put up by Mr. Rasleigh, who has lately arrived from Queensland. It will be worked by horse power, and is calculated to get through about 100 tons per month. Some very beautiful specimens of quartz, showing a large percentage of gold, were exhibited, and also samples of carbonate of bismuth, containing, by assay, 11 ounces of gold to the ton of ore." Oleogeaphs.—What chromo lithographs and lithotints have done in familiarizing the masses with choice water-colour pictures, by repro ducing marvellously faithful copies of works having artistic excellence, oleography seems destined to do with paintings in oil. In August, 1869, Mr. E. N. Wigg, of Adelaide, was at Milan, and there heard of the discovery by which wonderful imitations of chef tfceuvres were being multiplied. He found out the inventor, Ulisse Borzino, who with his brother has since succeeded in flooding the old world and the new with representations on canvas of some of the finest art treasures cherished by the Italian, Dutch, and Flemish schools, while recently English sea and lake views, landscapes, and city scenes, have been added. How the thing is done Cannot even be guessed, for of such a painting as Raffaele's " Madonna della Seggiola" there is in these sheets the same richness of colouring, naturalness, and touching tenderness as would, mark the original, or the most exact copies produced by long and pains taking labour; yet even in Adelaide the fac similes of this favourite are sold at under a pound-note. Mr. "Wigg, jun., believes that he was the first to introduce, any of these reproduc tions to England. Those he secured when ih Italy were taken to London by him, and shown, at that firm's request, to Messrs. Sampson Low, Son, & Marston, who were so much struck with the surprising fidelity mid the remarkable cheapness of the pictures that they at once applied for and obtained the agency in Great Britain. The numbers since sold have been very large, yet the secret .of production is certainly well kept. Two or three con signments have been received by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, of Adelaide, but the latest one has been the most extensive and is certainly the best. Some of the framed pictures of a modern type are particularly light and striking, while others that have been taken from the more ancient masters have all the sombreness and depth, as well as that musty sort of look that one would expect to meet with in a Rembrandt or Titian. Let the oleograph "Night Watch"-tumble about a garret or a cellar for a year or two to get well cobwebbed , and befogged, and the chances are that some of the most" knowing" would be deceived. Lovers of art and the curious may spend a pleasant half-hour in Messrs. Wigg's showroom in looking at the " Singing Lesson," and the senti mental, droll or cottage subjects that with the other classes we have already noted adorn the walls. When 'referring to the dis covery, the Art Journal for December, 1870, remarked: — "The mechanically multiplied copies cf the oil-paintings of the old masters and modern painters, which have been intro duced to the English public by Messrs. Sampson Low & Co., under the name of Oleographs, are remarkable for the low price at which works of eal beauty are tbus to be obtained. For the ordinary object of the purchaser of pictures— the decoration of the walls of rooms—these reproductions ■ are far superior to any oil paintings that can be obtained for twenty times the cost. Selected from, the most famous works of the ancient masters, or the most esteemed productions of the English, Italian, and German schools, they have the advantage of familiarizing the observer with noble ideas and with truthful harmony of colours. The accuracy of the actual delineation appears to us to vary in some of the principal examples we have examined; but it may be fairly compared to that of a good engraving. Then the scale of colour is very closely imitated from the original. The mode : in which ' Rembrandt's Night Watch,' one of the chief treasures of the National Museum at Amsterdam, is produced, is a remarkable.. instance of the capabilities of the process. This famous painting contains 21 portraits, and is remarkable for the happiness of its arrangement and the extraordinary force of its execution. It is sold for the ridiculously small price of 70s. There isaveryfine copy of the charming ' Madonna della Sedia,' from the Pitti Palace at Florence, one. of the most perfect of' Raffaelle's composi tions, in which the colouring is admirably ren dered, even to the gleam of sunshine lighting up the golden locks of the infant John. Perhaps the most successful of the whole series- of oleographs Is the 'Ecee Homo' of Guido Reni, which few lovers of art who are partial to that kind of representation will hesitate to secure at the small cost of 16s. Among the reproduction^ of English pictures we call especial attention to that of Turner's well-known 'Fighting Teme raire.' There is also a representation of ' Child- , hood'—two heads by Sir Thomas Lawrence in a circular picture, which will, we have no doubt, become a very general favourite." . THE Colungrove.—We learn that this vessel from Adelaide, arrived at the Cape of Good Hope on May 1, all welL Nabbow Escape.—On Sunday afternoon, as a horse and buggy, driven by Mr. C. Trevor, agent for Mr. and Mrs. Simonsen, was pro ceeding at a sharp trot along King William and Franklin streets, suddenly the left wheel came off, and as suddenly a companion of the driver, with great presence of mind, jumped from the vehicle and prevented further accident. The runaway wheel was soon replaced, and the horse and trap led gently back to the Globe tables, where the axle-cap was found lying just at the spot from whence the horse and trap had started. It was fortunate under the circumstances that nothing more serious than a spill and a little delay was occasioned. Krwi Kiwi.—Per steamer the other day Dr. Schomburgk, Director of the Botanic Garden, received from the Acclimatization Society, of New Zealand one of these singular birds. Two were shipped, hut one died just as it reached the Port Adelaide stream. These creatures, which are, so far as is yet known, confined to the north and spnth islands of New Zealand, are not only peculiar in appearance, but odd in their habits. The food of our new colonist is chiefly or exclusively strips of meat; but this he will only pick out of water, so that every morsel of food must first be thrown into liquid. The stranger is worth seeing. City Mission.—Sermons on behalf of .this mission were preached at the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church on Sunday, June 18—in the morning by the Rev. James Lyall, from John xv. 9-11, when there was a moderate attendance; and in the evening by the Rev. Jas. Jefferis, LL.B., from Luke ix, 41, to a large congregation. Db. Popham.—There is no improvement re ported in the health of Dr. Home Popham, of Gawler, and Drs. Nott and Lewis are stated to be in daily attendance upon him. Vaccination.—The Court Journal says :— " We give it as a fact that a lady, who, with her lord and master, had advanced consider ably in social position from former times, ex pressly stipulated with her doctor that she was to be vaccinated from the lymph taken from a titled person. She mentioned a neighbour, a Countess, to whose lymph she said she would give the preference." Taktng-in Relatives.—The Argus publishes a few scraps from the biography of a "ragged, battered, and dissipated looking man" named James Stanley, who recently was brought before the City Bench on a charge of vagrancy. He is connected with a very good family at home, where be became a solicitor. After passing through a varied experience in a life of dissipa tion he was sent by his friends to Australia, and. took as his companion a woman of bad character, whom he had made his wife. For a time his friends remitted sums regularly for his maintenance, but becoming tired of his incorrigible indolence they left him to his own resources. He parted from his wife, and was soon reduced to a position of great indigence. He continued to sink lower and lower, until he was almost destitute, when he bethought himself of a notable expedient for raising money. He caused a letter, probably dictated by himself, to be written to bis relatives at home, purporting to come from alodginghouse-keeperin King- street, who described how the wretched black sheep of the family had died penitent, and seeking for giveness for the disgrace he had brought upon his name. The writer, in describing the death-bed scene, " piled up the agony" with discrimination, and narrated how the dying man had besought as a last request that his relatives should be asked to erect over his lonely grave at the antipodes a white marble monument to mark the spot where his troubled life had terminated. The "family," ©n receiving the letter, felt their sorrow miti gated by joy that the disgrace of the family was no more, and with alacrity sent out £100, which the writer represented would be about the cost of a monument such as the deceased had desired. It is needless to say that the " black sheep" got the money himself, and had a "glorious spree" as long as it lasted. He made no secret of the dodge, but, on the contrary, boasted loudly of it in saloons and bar-rooms to his boon companions. Amateub Ghost.—A stupid girl of 17, who is known, wrapped herself in a white sheet, and frightened a little child who was passing the cemetery at the north end of Murray-street, Gawler, after dark lately. The youngster was chased, and screamed with terror. . Few punish ments would be too severe for the perpetrators of this class of practical jokes. Presentiment.—It has been mentianed that Mr. Robertson, whose death near Hamilton has been reported, was, on the morning of the day that the fatal accident occurred, in the Victoria Hotel (his property), at Willaston, and asked the landlady to take a nobbier. She declined, and he pressed his request, remarking that it was the last chance she would have of taking a nobbier with him. She asked what he meant; and he said, " It Is the last chance you will have; ■ I shall be killed before you see me again." The Rifle Challenge Cgp.—The Melbourne Age mentions that the Sydney riflemen are going to try conclusions with the rifle-shooters of Great Britain. An attempt is being made to get up a fund for the purpose of paying the expenses of the trip. Five Sydney men, of whom Mr. Slade, the intercolonial champion, will he one, will leave Sydney soon by the Cali fornia mail, en, route for the old country. The expense is estimated at £140 per man for the voyage to England and back, and the whole sum will probably be raised among the volunteers of New South Wales. Trans-Continental Telegraph.—We learn that the Government are considering the best course to pursue in reference to the future settlement of the Northern Territory, but have arrived at no definite decision on the subject yet. They propose dispatching a vessel to Port Darwin in the course of three weeks, and have forwarded to the Agent-General copies of the interesting and important information which has just been received from the various expeditions in the interior of the colony. The Hon. B. T. Pinnies, Agent for the British- Australian Tele graph Company, will go to Port Darwin by the vessel referred to above. Wood v. Roberts.—This case, which was tried on Friday, June 16, afforded the second instance during the Civil Sittings of the Jury being discharged without a verdict being given. The action was one by the Curator of Intestate Estates, brought to obtain possession of certain securities for money and other documents worth about £1,500, which for merly belonged to Mrs. Bryan, a widow who died intestate at Robe, in October, 1870, and which the defendant claimed as a donatio mortis causa. The deceased appears to have no known relatives either in the colony or elsewhere, and the defendant (Mrs. Peter Roberts), who lived near her,' was proved to have been her most intimate friend. At the time Mrs. Bryan was seized with her last illness Mrs. Roberts was confined, and therefore unable to see her, hut sent her nurse, who informed her that Mrs. Bryan was very anxious to see her. It being impossible for her to go, she told the nurse to tell Mrs. Bryan that she might trust her with any message or private letters or papers, and upon this the dying woman directed the nurse where to find the desk, and told her to " take it to Mrs. Roberts." That was done; and on being informed of it, she replied, " That's right." and died a few hours afterwards. These were the principal facts of the case. The Jury, after an absence of an hour and a half, stated that there was no possibility of their agreeing, and were discharged without a verdict. Early Closing.—The shop and storekeepers of Gawler have agreed to close at 9 p.m. on Saturdays. Charges op Horsestealing.—It is reported by the Kayninda Herald that on Monday morn ing Mr. Varley, S.M., was occupied some hours in a preliminary investigation of a charge by Mr. Thomas Scott against Alexander and James Gosden, Albert Legg, and George Jenkins, of having stolen scrub horses. In the first in stance, a charge was brought against the pri soners by Trooper Jones under clause 65, Police Act, for having horses in their possession which might reasonably be supposed to have been stolen; but His Worship said that clause did not apply, and the trooper said that had been his impression, but he was acting under orders. The direct charge was then preferred. Mr. Scott and the trooper visited Gosden's paddock on May 19, and mustered 25 horses, of which the greater part had been newly branded with the respective brands of the prisoners; two, in particular, Mr. Scott believed to be his property, but he was Unable positively to swear to either of them, one not having been seen by him since it was a foal, and the other not once last Christmas. The prisoners were defended by. Mr. Bundey. Several witnesses were called to identify the animals, but, though all expressed their firm belief that they were the property of Mr. Scott, and had been seen running with his horses, yet, as they were then unbranded, they were not able to swear to them. At the close His Worship said that even had these horses been proved to be the property of Mr. Scott, the mere fact of their being in the prisoners' possession after so long an interval as that which had elapsed since Mr. Scott had them would be no proof that the horses were stolen. There fore it would be useless to send the case on for trial The prisoners were accordingly dis missed. Forgery.—Some one who stayed at Mrs. Templer's cosy hostelry on the North-road handed the landlady a cheque for £8 14s., bearing the well-known name of Mr. T. 0. Jones, but the signature turned out to be a forgery. Moonta Mining.—Remarking upon Captain Hancock having telegraphed to Adelaide on Thursday the discovery of a good lode at the Poona, a letter in the Kajmnda Herald dated Moonta, June 13, remarks:—" An enquiry im mediately took place for shares, and they changed hands here at prices ranging from 7s. to 15s. Until a written report from the mine appears it is difficult to say how valuable the discovery is, but if the works are pushed on at many of our small mines with energy and skill combined there is every proba bility of the result being satisfactory. Work on a small scale has been recommenced at the Euko. At the North Yelta more men are now employed, and some excellent ore recently raised. Hamley shares are firm at £11, and none, I believe, procurable at that price. Should ore be met with in the new shaft there will be a good enquiry for shares in this mine. The Wheal James ground proves very hard, and nothing new has lately taken place of any im portance." Gas.—As many supposed, the statement made by' a local paper that Crawler on one Saturday night lately had consumed 60,000 feet of gas was an error, there being a surplus nought in the figures. The Rivers. — A mercantile letter from Menindie, .dated June 3, states that "the Darling is rising above," and another from Wilcannia on June 8 says "the river is rising nicely." Advices from Wentworth to the 12th mention ah increase of five feet; at Netley, to the 9th, of two feet; and a Wilcannia note, dated June 8, reports that the Darling had there risen in all 13 feet, with the prospect of the river being navigable sufficiently long for all the wool to go down. Nobthebn Weather.—At Blinman rain has threatened almost every day, but none has lately fallen, and it is anxiously desired. The nights have been frosty. Occasional showers have visited Port Augusta after sundown. The days have been warm, and the nights and morn ings cold. Ye Chronicles op ye Kustyms.—From [the author, a Portonian, we have received a copy of the above headed production. It is a two-page tract, dealingfreely with those who have to do with the receipt of custom. Poet Broughton.—The Clare Argus writes that " on Monday morning what is [pro mised to be a port was opened near Medora Creek, about 30 miles above Wallaroo, by the arrival there of the Triumph, Dale, master. About 120 people were present, many of them ladies, five gentlemen from Clare were present, and one or two from Wallaroo. The only M.P. who went was he of Gumeracha, and he started in time to meet the people on the road back. Drays were waiting to take away the vessel's cargo, which met the boats and a raft which con veyed the loading from the vessel's side. In the event of the port' being patronised, a gentleman from Wallaroo has offered to establish an agency at Medora, and give to within three pence per bushel of Adelaide prices for wheat. This offer may prove advantageous to settlers in the neighbourhood of the proposed port. The Times of Gawler also has the subjoined notice:—" The interesting ceremony of opening the shipping-place nearest to the Broughton Area took place on Monday. The schooner Triumph, Captain Arnold, had arrived at the port a few days previously, and discharged most of her. cargo. Captain Dale had a few loads taken ashore and shipped two loads of wheat which he had purchased by way of making a formal commencement of the shipping trade of the place. About 150 persons were present, chiefly settlers in the district, and a few visitors from a distance, and who were interested in the area. Mr. Samuel Marshall, Manager of the Wallaroo Railway Company, was present, having driven from Wallaroo in his buggy, occupying only three hours on the journey. Mr. James Martin, from Gawler, and Mr. R. Patterson, from Smithfield, were also there. After the in troductory arrangements were complete, Captain Dale named the shipping-place Port Broughton; rockets were fired, and success to the port and shipping trade was drunk in bumpers. The schooner Triumph rode at anchor in nine feet of water within about 10 fathoms of the shore. The port is said to be safe, and with a very em^ll expenditure for the construction of a jetty ample accommodation might be provided for the wants of the place for years to come. It is only about 18 miles from the township on the area, and a fair road exists for the carriage of produce. We understand the country is looking splendid; rather more rain has fallen there in this neighbourhood. Some thousands of acres are already sown with wheat, and some of the young corn is covering the ground with a beautiful green. Mr. Waddell, formerly of Mount Barker, we hear, has 500 acres sown. Mr. Johnson, another old settler in the neigh bourhood, is also forward with bis sowing, and some of the new-comers hare each from 50 to 100 acres in." Mb. H. G. Kelly, J.P.—We understand that the Attorney-General received some reports in reference to the inquests upon'Messrs. Robert son and Pannan, and that farther enquiry is to be made. The necessity for a thorough investi gation into the facts of the case and _ decisive action, in the event of the reports which have gained publicity being found substantially correct, is urgent. Underwriting. — Those interested in the river trade will notice from the Register's busi ness columns that the Committee of the Adelaide Underwriters' Association are intimating thai; the cargo or hull of any vessel trading on the Murray or its tributaries cannot be insured, unless a certificate has been issued in Adelaide or Melbourne by the recognised body. White's Rooms.—On Wednesday evening the ladies and gentlemen who gave an entertain ment at White's Rooms in aid of the funds d£ St. Luke's Church partly repeated it. There wasamoderate attendance. The firstportion of the programme comprised a number of songs by the Union Minstrel Troupe, all of which were well received. In the second Mr. p. Westlak® obtained an encore for his capital rendering oE " Love among the Roses." The entertainment closed with the farce " If I had £1,000 a Year." Accidents.—On Wednesday afternoon Wm." a lad, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital suffering from a fracture of the right leg, between the knee and the ancle, sustained by having fallen from Messrs. Gordon & Co.'s building in Grenfell-street. On Tuesday morn ing Henry Kenrick was driving two ■ horses attached to a dray at Mount Pleasant Diggings, when the beasts bolted, throwing him but o£ the conveyance, and a wheel passing over his right ancle smashed it. The patient was at tended by Dr. John Gosse, who ordered a removal iothe Adelaide Hospital, where Kenriclc was received on Wednesday afternoon. Underpayment by Contractors.—At the meeting of the Central Road Board on Wednes day morning, in consequence of the numerous letters from contractors stating that they were unable to finish their works in time, owing to the scarcity of labour, Mr. McEwin remarked that they ought not to encourage this state o£ affairs. If the contractors gave proper wages there would he believed be no difficulty in. getting men, dbd considered that the fines ought; to be enforced. He recommended that the Surveyors be empowered to deal with the con tractors as they thought proper. The Chairman remarked that if they could really show that; they had been unable to get labour, the Board would consider it. After a little discussion the matter dropped. Travelling Stock.—A lot-of Mr. T. Payne's cattle went down the Darling past Wilcannia on. June 8; also 4,000 sheep from Momba Station in charge of Mr. Campbell. A mob of 400 head of mixed cattle from the Wilson passed. Reid's, Lake Victoria, on the 10th for Adelaide, and 5,000 fat sheep from Mount Murchison Station went through Salt Creek on June 12, in care of Mr. Watson, for Adelaide. A lot o£ 230 fat cattle from Mount Murchison passed. Lake Victoria on the 13th for Adelaide, and another of 400 (Williams & Mackenzie's) store cattle, with Mr. Ford in charge, passed Salt Lake en the 16th for Adelaide. Juvenile Missionary Society.—The annual meeting of the North Adelaide Juvenile Mis sionary Society was held in the Congregational Church, Brougham-place, on Wednesday even ing, June 21. There was a fair attendance of children and adults. The Rev. J. Jefferis was Chairman, and spoke of the objects of mis sionary work. He referred to the great fields o£ usefulness still open for evangelistic enterprise, and urged upon all the necessity of aiding by their prayers and their means._ Mr. J. Forsaith. read the report, from which it appeared that the contributions had amounted to £12714s., as against £112 9s. 3d. raised during the preceding twelve months. The annual missionary sale had realized the net sum of £45. The report spoka of a number of kindred Societies having been started, and expressed regret that the missionary ship did not pay a visit to the colony on the occasion of her recent trip to Victoria. Mr. W_ M. Phillips read the financial statement, which set down the gross proceeds at £145 0s. 6cL, and the expenses at £17 6s. 6d., leaving, a net revenue of £127 14s. The Rev. J, Lyall moved the adoption of the report, and expressed his pleasure that the children con nected with the Society had achieved so much. He dwelt upon the importance of missionary work, and in an interesting way illustrated the principles which should actuate all who were interested in spreading the Gospel news among, the heathen. The Rev. G. Stonehouse seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. T. Frost, Superintendent of the Sunday- school, with, which the Society is connected, moved the appointment of the officers for the succeeding year as follows:—President, Mr. R. Searle; Vice- President, Mr. J. F. Conigrave; Treasurer, Mr. W. M. Phillips; Secretary, Mr. J. Forsaith ; i oung Men s uommittee, if. jf. iSasey, Shawyer, Bruce, Gosling, Holthouse, and C. Phillips; J Young Women's Committee, Misses Phillips, Newman, Hillman, E. Phillips, Kekwiek, Stone, Withrick, Ragless, Stratton, F. Hillier, and Frost. Mr. D. Robin having seconded, the resolution was carried. A collection hating been made, the proceedings closed. The Bathurst Burr.—A correspondent in the North says:—"The Bathurst burr is becoming a source of anxiety to a few people in the North and North-West, where it is striving hard for mastery. The writer could name several stations along the line of Goyder's rain fall where it is very thick, and the squatters do not appear to use energetic means to eradicate it. If they are alive to their own interests they will nip it in the bud, and not let it spread, as some of them are doing." The Rivers.—The Darling, according to accounts dated June S, was then falling at the Fisheries. The Goolwa arrived from Wflcannia at Wentworth on the 10th, and left on the 12th to meet - the Maranoa, which vessel passed up at Wauk minga on Wednesday with barge heavily laden. The Jolly Miller arrived on toe 8th at * W2 cannia, long expected. A letter received-by a mercantile firm in Adelaide, dated Bourke, June 12, says:—"The river has been falling fast, and still continues; but news from WalgetLy reports that it is rising there." Another note, dated Wentworth, June 19, states:—"The J' river is still rising. Received a letter from. Wilcanma, dated the 15th, which reported the water rising there and upwards." The Legislative Council.—In connection with the report as to the resignation of the Hon. Augustine Stow, referred to a few days ago, wo are requested to mention that it is not Mr, Stow's intention to put the country to the expense of an election for one member. His resignation will probably be contingent upon some other vacancy occurring. The Light Vacancy.—For toe representation of the Light District it is now generally sup posed that Mr. W. Lewis and Mr. James White,. both local candidates, will offer themselves. Presentation.—On Monday Miss Hillier, ' who is leaving the province, was presented by Mr. J. Shakespeare, on behalf of her late pupls,. with a testimonial and a handsome gold chain. Chapel Damaged.—The rain on Sunday caused such a flood in the neighbourhood of ' Hope Valley that it washed away the southern. * wall of the new Union Church at Orange Grove, near the Montacute Mine. Obstructions on the Railway.—We under stand that several attempts have beeu lately made to displace toe carriages on the Northern line by the placing of obstacles upon toe rails. Whether these have been the result of deliberate malice or amply of thoughtless folly, we have little means of judging; but the effect in either: case might have been equally calamitous, and efforts must be used to prevent their recur rence. Already rewards have been offered for the detection of toe persons concerned, and we believe that every possible precaution is being "*■ taken against accidents. Port-road Accident.—On Friday, June 16,. after dark, as Mr. Schollar, of Waymouth street, hawker, was returning from Port Ade laide, his horse shied, and running over a heap of stones placed close to the metalled portion of toe line near the Alberton Toll-bar, caused the cart to be capsized on toe occupant. Assistance-.' being at hand, he was found to be seriously hurt, and was conveyed to the Port Casualty Hospital, where he was attended by Dr. Duncan, who fouud that he had sustained a fracture of the' collar-bone and several ribs. From Mr. Schollar being advanced in years, his case is looked upon as very serious. He will be better known than, by name as driving a cart with the words "The Mystery" on the cover. Hunting in Victoria.—The remains of the Melbourne bounds (says the Argus) were sub mitted for sale on Thursday, June 15, by Mr. Goyder at Kirk's Bazaar. Although the Club has been in existence for many years, and two: years ago possessed 40 couple of hounds, only 19 couple belonging to the Club could lie mustered for sale. This result seemed to give considerable dissatisfaction to many members of" the Club, who thought that after paying £600 per annum for the last two years, for the keep and management of the pack, there should have been a much larger number of hounds belonging to the Club. The hounds were offered in one lot, the first bid being 50 guineas. From this they rapidly ran up to 160 guineas; and after a short pause they were knocked down to Mr. Wilson, of the Wimmera, for too sum of 170 guineas. It is understood that too hounds were bought by a party of about a dozen persons, who intend forming a new Club for the purpose of hunting within easy reach of Melbourne. » 