; AUSTRALIAN WILD FLOWERS. BY QEORQR R. LOYAtT. It will bo remembered that a few rnontlis since wo alluded to a poem published by tho nbovo author entitled "Tho Australian Seasons," from which wo gavo several extracts. Wo ivcre favour- ably impressed with tho ability displayed in that production, as wcro also, wo bclicvo, many of our rciulors. A collection of pieces by tho snrao author has just been placed before the public by Messrs. Leo and Ross, Costlerengb- slrcot, Sydney, frdio which wo extract tho psyche. What power of production, what organs of con struction. What depths of gonoration hath tho ovorfcrtilo Mind How vast its procreations, bow strango its fluctu- \- ations, 'How sweet its tine creations— perfect models of their hind ; IIow deep it agitations when now things arc designed ! Maybo 'twas Fancy's seeming, or, perhaps, auoou- tido dreaming, A viion lotely sought mo in tho open light of d«y ; I wan sitting sad and lonely. as I ofton sit. but only— Beside me stood a being that I fain would 6caro away ; A weird nnd awful creature, whom I could not scare away ! I was sitting In the centre of tho room ; ft did not enter By tho window, by the chimney, or by tffO ftalf- trimt door ; Was I awnko, or dreaming! or wos it Fancy teeming In my hrnin-coltsthat had conjured a spirit from her store ? It tttnlkcd, it walked around me with no shadow on the floor! I was giddy with braln-working, on themes from whence the shirking Might prnhnbly cxposo mo to 6omo unlookcd for pain ; When I saw the Thing besido me, its smilo seemed to deride mo; Its look appeared to chide mo— a look which pierced my brain : ' A fearful look of horror, that seom'd to soar mv brain! l.wns solzcd with oBcitation, exhaustion, and pros tration, A strange wild agitation which ran through every vein ; An inward Icy feeling o'er all my senses stealing; An icy, burning feeling, a diro unwonted pain. Spreading like lira about mc, and burning up my brain. Then no .word could I utter, no syllablo e'«n mutter, While wjih unusual flutter my boart beat lu its cage ; I strove to speak, but could not, my toncue as If it would not Again be moved to action, was still with fear and rage. Suspense when thus protracted, tnoko hours' seem an age. The grim, gaunt thing grew taller; and I, I seemed much smaller ; My very vitals shrinking, ray skin like parch ment bound j Its corpsc-Jiko checks had brightness, a pale un earthly whiteness, , And though its eyes were sightless, it seemed to gazo around ; ; , A ghoul, or ghost, or vampire, without shadow oh tho ground I It spoke, Its voice was hollow ; I tried, but could hot follow The mystic words it uttered, yet mnny things it E'en now I seem to hear it, it haunts rao and I fenrit; That horrid voire yet haunts mo as somethinc which has fled, A tone from one departed, long ainco forgotten, dond 1 If rightly 1 remember, it enmo in drear November, cold ' frm WM 8llivor'DS Since England In Dccombor, and oven in No vember; ... Is a place whore Nature spreads her royal robo of cold, . And frost-pictures on tho window tho inmates can behold. I'd been sitting calmly writing, intricate things indicting, No wonder that I frit ; then, tho cold strike through oach voio, I.koew tho why and whoroforo, that icy coldness therefore, Had wrapped up all my being with ono deep .- aea of pnin, Bui I coul.1 not comprehend then, tho burninc In my bruin, Booking for some suggestion, I asked mysoinbis ' question ; When the Hoing who had hovered around my easy chair, Oav o back tho words I uttered, spoke tho very things I muttered, iMy sunt grew faint, und fluttered with newly- born despair: A new hell-tortured sorrow dragged from its hidden lair. It spoke, and whilo I listened, mine evos with sad tears glistened— "Oh, wretched wreck of manhood ! why hast thou crush'd thy mind f A(God forin'd Groat Creation, sourco of beatifica tion, .Bunk low with irritation, and seeking rest to find ; . Seeking from thy vexation, reposo and peace to Bud!" " I am tho hag called 1 Study,' my cheeks once fair and ruddy, Were lovely as the being who gave her life for thco : 0 hoti sitlest by the taper, among the piles of bookB ; and paper, 'binga else— a tmo votary to mo;, -by health, thy Youth, thy love tbou host ; sacrificed to me. Think not thy terra of sorrow will vanish with to morrow, .Thou still wilt strive to borrow a something . from my charms ; syren I allure thee to work that roust Insure 'thee The meed of hitter anguish, of terror, and alarms, .While purgatory's torments all nestle In my arms 1" From out the depths of mourning I found my mind returning . Revived, from hell's deep darkness, nnd drawing breath again, The shape had quUo departed ; thus, now free and light-hearted, My strength shall be oxorted no more with such ' a strain, A strain on mental power to overwork the brain I Though sometimes I'm elated o'er matters which ' I ve rated. And l«»ng to woo tho Muse and her forbidden loro ; Bat the dark braiiuhnrnlog eadneas, Ibo days of . moody madness, That. wrapped mo. with bor mantle in study's . realm of yore, Will bo a lokson to mo— onco, and for erormoro. 