HEW BOOKS. There is a child's story by Norman McLeod, in which a little boy is represented finding his way through a forest by means of a golden thread, which he loses occasionally, and then finds again with great joy. The pursuit of knowledge is carried on in much the same way. We are all wandering in the forest of ignorances-some going deeper and deeper till they are lost in -its wild .mazes; others lying down to sleep in the shade forgetful that there is a'world beyond, and content to remain for ever in its dim obscurity; while-some have seen gleams of ; light, and press forward eagerly. Now and ] then one of these discovers a bright clue. Not the strong golden line that would 'lead him out of the forest, but a thin little thread that has escaped from it. Then there goes up a| great shout, and many follow; him. There are numbers of such little -threads of knowledge scattered about, and some fallow one mid some-another. Now and then there comes a giant among men who gathers them all up with a strong grasp, and twists them into a firm cord that can never break again. Such a man was Humboldt. His " Cosmos" unites all that was known in his day into one harmonious whole. Astro nomy, geography, history, science, even poetry and the fine arts, all are gathered together, and form, as it were, a new starting-place for further discovery. What Humboldt' did for the universe, M. Blisee Reclus has done for our own planet. ' In a book called " Hie Earth," recently translated by the late B. B. Woodward, M.A., he has given a complete " descriptive histoiy of the fife of the globe." Life he may well call it, for he aims at showing that not more certainly does the earth renew and vary her clothing of foliage and flowers than in the long lapse of ages she renews and varies the form of - her surface, raising new mountains, forming new lakes, and even moving her great continents and seas from place to place. Even daring historical times great changes have taken place. " In 709 the monastery of Mount St. Michael was • built in the midst of a forest ten leagues from the sea; it now stands like an island in the midst of sandbanks." Holland is gradually "sinking like a raft," while in Norway fine woods are "continually being upheaved towards the lower snow limits, and^sre gradually withering away in the cooler atmosphere; wide belts of forest are composed of nothing but dead trees, although some of them have stood for cental ies. . . Then a large portion of the South American continent is constantly gaining on one side what it loses on the other, ana is gradually making;its way through the ocean in a west ward direction." The action of ice has had a wonderful influence upon the earth, and the chapters on glaciers, whose " Cold and restless mass Moves onward day by day," are particularly interesting. The Mer-de Glace has been found to move at the rate of 13 inches a day in winter and 24£ inches in summer, but, as M. Reclus says, it is probable that every variation of temperature affects its progress; " that at sunset the glacier slackens its course, and accelerates it again when the luminary reappears above the ridges of the mountains; in the depths as on the surface the sun im parts life and animation. As soon as the early rays of daybreak have lighted up the glacier its very nature seems changed. Just as in the adjoining forests, the field of ice is harmonious with a thousand small yet joyous sounds; the little drops, falling on the pro jections in the crevasses, tinkle as they are broken np; the gradually forming rivulet murmurs on its way ; the slopes of gravel crumble down into the crevasses; and here and there some block, uncemented from its icy pedestal, roars as it rolls down the incline. All these voices of the glacier gain strength as the sun gets higher in the heavens, but if a thick cloud suddenly interrupts the solar rays silence is gradually re-established, and the glacier waits for the return of the sun ere it resumes its song. The enormous ice river seems endowed with vitality, so much so that some enthusiastic savans as Hugi have seriously asked the question whether the monster did not possess a soul. Numbers of mountaineers in all their- simplicity of mind fully believe it." This passage is a fair example of the style of M. Reclus, who adorns his facts with all the beauty of imagination; very different to that of Humboldt, who calmly piles fact upon fact, and trusts to the grandeur of his erection rather than to its beauty for its effect upon the mind. M. Reclus allows himself occasionally to be led away by his poetic faculty, and when treating of the formation of the earth brings forward the theories timidly advanced by La Place as if they were accepted universally. That part of his book, therefore, requires to betaken with a grain of doubt; but his tacts may be entirely relied on. He divides his book into four parts—the earth as a planet, the land, the circulation of water, and sub terranean forces, and in these very titles'we recognise the keenness of his scientific insight, and the power of his grasp of the subject. "Notes on the Natural History of the Strait of Magellan" is by a pioneer of science, Dr. Cunningham. JELM.S. Nassau was in 1866 dispatched to survey the strait, which should be called Magalhaens, after its Portuguese discoverer, and Dr. Cunningham was selected as naturalist to the expedition. He gives an interesting account of the plants and animals of this little known portion of the world, and some particulars of the inha bitants who make their arrow-heads of triangular pieces of flint—the same material as those found among the most ancient vestiges of man, hut most beautifully fashioned. Their only garment is made of the skins of the guanaco or Patagonian alpaca, or of otter or seal skins, and on one side of the Straits the hair is worn outwards; on the other, the Patagonian, it is turned inwards. The Patagonians, it appears, are more agreeable than the Fuegians. They got up a guanaco .hunt for the strangers, providing horses for their benefit. There is a comical account of the revenge taken by some guanacos on a "party of Yankee sailors who had been teasing them. " Gradually the guanacos approached nearer and nearer the paling which separated them from their assailants, at the same time going through^ a _ process of churning up the saliva in their mouths till, all pre parations being completed, a volley was pro jected to the distance of two or three feet, after the fashion of a hothouse squirt, right in the faces of the enemy," which, consider ing their nationality, was "not an inappro priate punishment." There was a species of skunk shot by a sailor, called the Mephitis Patagonica, of which Dr. Cunningham " did not venture to preserve the skin, knowing that the operation would have involved his being regarded as a leper," for the odour is so powerful that it has been distinctly perceived at a distance of two miles from the shore. We do not feel much inclined to read nearly six hundred pages about "Cuba," by Samuel Hazard; but we should like to bathe there in the delightful baths hollowed out in the coral rocks open to the sea, yet, by reason of the narrowness of the opening, quite inaccessible to sharks ; and we should like to have visi&d; the tomb of Columbus, which our author describes welL On asking his guide about the dis coverer of America, the reply was that he knew him very well; he was a first-rate man, lived in Cuba, but died ever so many years ago. " The Nile without a Dragoman" may have been very pleasant; but we should prefer it with a dragoman, notwithstanding our author's advice, thinking it more satis^ factory to be cheated by one man than bv a hundred. We have spoken of the travels first, because they seemed most nearly allied to "The Earth," but we must not omit the biogra phies, of which there is a goodly supply. The second volume of the " Life and Times of Henry Lord Brougham" proves almost as interesting as the first. It contains a long and minute ■ account of his intercourse with Queen Caroline, and asserts in the strongest language his belief in her innocence. " I can most positively affirm that if every one of us [her legal advisers] had been put upon our oaths as Jurymen, we should all have declared that there was not the least ground j for the charges against her.1' He prings ■ forward contemporary documents to prove ' that he himself was in private the most < discreet and judicious adviser of this -nnfor-' | tunate lady whom he defended in public ; with such spirit and eloquence. Bnring the course of the trial he intimated that though forbearing at present to raise the veil that concealed from the world much of' the sovereign's (George IV.'s) life, he reserved the j right to do', so, should the interests of his ; client require him to use every weapon at his command. - This threat, he observes, was not understood at the rime, being supposed to allude to mere recrimination, hut it was really " neither more nor less than to impeach - the king's own title -by ! proving that he had forfeited' the : crown. He had married a Soman Catholic | (Mrs. Fitzherbert) while heir- apparent^ and this was declared by the act oi settlement j to be a forfeiture .of the crown fas if.he were naturally dead.' We were not in pos- ] session of all: the circumstances as I have since ascertained them, -but we had enough to prove the fact." In spite of all hisfaults Brougham was a fine fellow. He. ;refnBed the Chancellorship offered to him by Cannmg, because he would not leave his party -with out a leader, and he lost a fine estate in Barbadoes because he would not givp upJhiB effortsforthe emancipation of thestoves. /Very opposite to a statesman, and. yet'; possessing great influence in the State, round, jovial, and good- humoured ' Mark Lemon". was beloved by all who knew lum, and the Editor, of Punch was known far and wide. * His. friends called him " the spoon," from his." skill in mixing the ingredients for that perio dical, which he regarded with romantic devo tion, " as a power that belonged to the country, a national institution." Mr. Hatton, who writes these " Reminiscences of Mark Lemon," first became acquainted with him in Edinburgh, on that acting tour of literary - notabilities in which Dickens shone as a star of the first magnitude. But if Dickens was first Mark Lemon was second, and few who have ever seen it can forget his impersonation of Falstaff, for which nature had peculiarly fitted Mm. Wherever he went he was affectionately welcomed, and wherever he went he took with him a certain hag, and in this bag was an1 unfinished novel. "He had chambers in London at 31, Bedford-Btreet, where he wrote occasionally. If his hag was there, we might be sure ms unfinished novel was there also." " If you saw the bag at his office in Bouverie-streetj there you might be sure was his unfinished novel,'' ready for leisure moments and bright ideas j but the leisure moments and bright ideas sever came in strange places. He wrote not at home, but at a small farmhouse is the fields sot far off. "Writing," said be, as an old man,; "writing does sot come easy to me now. It often takes me an hour or two before I can work myself up to it, This is the pro cess. A light breakfast or luncheon, and a Bteady walk to the little cottage form I j told you of. When I get there I unlock my j room, put out my paper, mb my pens, and get all in order. Then I go outside, light my pipe, wander into the farm-yard, look at the cows, or the pigs, or the poultry, or any thing else, sit on a gate perhaps if I can. balance myself, sniff the local perfumes of hay and straw, and presently the fit comeB on; down goes the pipe, up comes the pen, andgaway you go." He was a good kind man, and, as Mr. Button quaintly says, "he believed in one God, in one woman, and in one publication." There is a pleasant picture of him in the ingle-nook in iusquaint old-fashioned dining-room at Crawley, time to the music with his unlighted pipe, and we take leave of the book with regret. We have all read of the man who went to see Garrick's Hamlet, and came away mnA disappointed. He could not see anything to make such a fuss about; "he did not caQ that acting. Why, if I saw a ghost," he said, "I should do jnst that. No, no, the lying is the man for my money ; you might hear him a mile off I" There are some people who cannot see anything in Miaa Austen's novels — " common-place stories about common-place people!"—while there are others who have gone so for as to divide the world into two parts—those who do and those who do not admire them. And this division is not so arbitrary as might at first be imagined, for it is only the cultivated mind that can thoroughly appreciate the truth of her minute delineations, and the exquisite humour that pervades every line of her writing. Literary men are warmest in their, admiration, such as Coleridge, Southey, 'Scott, and, in later days, - Macaulay and Thackeray. Scott says of her:—"That young lady had a talent for describing the involvements and feelings and characters of ordinary life which is to me the most wonderful I ever met with. The big how- wow strain I can do myself like any now going; but the exquisite touch which renders ordinary common place things and characters interesting from the truth of the description and the senti ment is denied to me." There are few besides Shakspeare and Jane Austen who can make a bore delightful. The clergyman in "Pride and Prejudice," with .his care fully-composed compliments, long round about speeches, and devotion to Lady Cathe rine has never been Surpassed. Macaulay wished to write Miss Austen's life. This ha" now been done by her great- nephew, and we wish he had more to tell. Her life was singularly uneventful. Born in 1775, at Steventon, in Hampshire, of which parish her father was rector, she lived almost entirely among the village society that she delights in describing. Her beauty, wit, and grace must have made her a charming companion; but she died at the early age of 42, just when she Kad reached the height of her literary power. The chief interest of this hook centres in the MSS. now for the first time given to the world, which are valuable as the rough sketches of a great artist. The " Songstresses of Scotland," by Sarah Tytler and J. L. Watson, is full of charming pictures from "the daughter of a hundred Earls," Lady Ann Barnard (nee Lindsay), half ashamed, of her own beautiful song of " Auld Robin Gray," to the handsome-Jean Glover, the Kilmarnock weaver's lassie, with her tambourine, and petticoat basked up to her knees, who married a strolling player, and danced her way through the world, leaving behind her the beautiful song, "O'er the muir, amang the heather." Ac cording to these ladies, "The song of wifely pride and tenderness is held to have been the utterance ©f the subtle sym pathy and latent affection of a woman who never owned a husband"—Jean Adams,-who wrote, "There's nae luck aboot the house." She fell into poverty in her old age, and died in the Glasgow workhouse—a sad end for a woman with, such a heart. The greater part of the hook is devoted to the life of Mrs. Cockburn, author of the best known, though not the prettiest version of "The Flowers of the Forest." " 1 have seen the smiling Of Fortune beguiling; I have felt its favours and found its decay. Sweet was its blessing, "Kind its caressing; But now it is fled—fled far away." This is the lady of whom Walter Scott, then a little fellow of six years old, said, "She s a virtuoso like myself, one who will know everything." Alison Cockburn, born Ruther ford, was a woman of character, and the queen of society at Edinburgh. ^She de tested the society of her own sex. W hat s a woman to a woman ?" she writes in one place; and again, "I cannot get a man to eat a turkey with me to-day, and I think, a female feast hut flat, and " it s a pity a woman does not mend with age as wine does." Perhaps one of the most pleasing pictures is that of Grissell Baillie, banished with her family, the Homes, nearly two centuries ago. " She learned the trick of serving her kindred so early and so j frell that she could not give it up when she was a fine old lady. Till her eighty-first year she rose the earliest of her family, and managed the most difficult of their affairs." She was often sent on political errands to unfortunate gentlemen lying in prison, and one of these she married. ness. He neverwentabroadbnt to fiie window %a look After, him (< that very daybefell ill—the laat was abroad), never taking her eyes so long ts he was in. sight." " Qhwerena' 'mjrfaS&hqKii;?' It'appeara that fobjbuEuals "ol wens' in; error in aforibiiig "J*" ham's Journal" to the : aathd' Jerningham'a Journal^" for comes a protest in vefoe from entitled "A. Leaf from Mis. Ji Journal," and a more prosaic miff trustworthy contradiction in the form of an advartfaai ment. The; nameisa para pl&giary;,>wri deceived everybody for a dine. •* j. ! • i There is a host of iie#>:novc9s^ one fontri Mrs. Oliphaht, called " Squire ArfSi a - which will keep hp ' hd .rem^ftion jffflS from the author .nf "The Fight atDame Europa's School," which, will mar ifo. Tins'1 book, called "Tom -Rppm's s Wedding,'* has a certain sort . of cleverjaeBS, hot it is r<s coarse, abusive,1 asd 'M exaggerations. < Ohe woxddnotsuppose "Benom Blake" to - be a Scotch novel; bntitisnot oMy,8ootoh, bnt very Scotch, and ydry charming todfj'full - ofcauistuEht&bita;, genuine humour, and' pathos. There is.i little too much odour of book-making'^boot it, and the hero falls ; in and out of love rather too easilyjbut for all that be.:is not to.be despised. Here is a dialogue truly Scofcyh. John, the minister'sman;' is driving' over the - hew helper, or locum tenens*— 1 " * Yeil hobea^mipCT niiniister,;ril wager?'"" •What ''nfokeg:ybtf,' 'Ye'rega^:' fotlabg and ye, weer specs,' was the naive.1 reply. *1- always use a paper,' said Mr. - Bowie imperiondy. * Weei, ill mak* ana dawvy ye re a twa-hoor man." * Yon are wrong,' my friend. I do; not; believe-that ^ ' good comes of too mucbbfman'a preaching. As much of God's grace as we can gain foam * Him, and as little of human wit as may be, ' is the bert for sinners, as wearealL' 'Odhl* ' said John emphatically, * ye wfona daefor oor folk at a. " Anne Fatness," by the author of "Aunt Margaret's Trouble,'''is an' autobiographical story; and one of the most perfect of its kind. She characters seem to i be most faithful portraits. Keturah, the sterling though ragged housekeeper % Mrs. Abraxn, whose life is embittered by an over pressing consciousness of the personality of the devil; and Sdina Kitchen, the < \- - - grainednursemaid,"vrtwrose to be jh of a hard- fisted gripingman, and the of her master's property, all are well powerfully drawn. ; "little Men*' is by, author of "LiMe Women" and " An f fashioned Girl," and describes a sort Utopian school, where master, migtn and maids delight in noise and trout where had boys become, good for sake of .earning' ihe favours; «< little four-year-old Princess,, and lectures and parables have the effect of indncfog reform. Except for this astonishing docihtytbe children are very • natural children, and the stchy will amnse * the old as well, if not better, thanthe young;- ; for it is as foil of humour as of tenderness. Here is one little extract. Hah and S6b ■ were last in* wood, Imt fell asleep in the , ev£nmg,andinthatcooditfon were found • and brought home late at night. "Han soon recovered herspiri.t8,and recounted her ■ perils with a relish now that they were all over.. Bob seemed absorbed mhisfood, bnt put downhls spoon aUpf asodden^ and set up a doleful roar. (My "precaoiu; why do yon cry? asked his mother, who still hangover him. ' I'm oying 'cause I was Icet,' bawled Bob, trying to squeeze ont a tear,and baling entirely. 'Bat you are found now. Nan' says yen did not my but in the. field, and I was glad you were such a brave boy.' *1;. was so bnsy, being frightened, Ididnothave^ time then. Bat 1 want to cry now, 'cause I doarfc Eke to be lost,' expl ai n ad Bob, strug ghng with detg emotion, and a moutMolof bread and ndlk. Tbe boys s^np such alau^i at tins foittty way of up for lost time izi*x£ Hob stits^ied to look at them, and the -wn* r»r mmsnir utss ss thas ^ ^ w.i:»iraagR hfi f-vll iwnL^v. a ISBiy ica! ha,; f»»Hr ferrc s^»annjt mgEin t&e; Saihfe as ' SaiaaoaL Novds CiamieamiL'1' iy ' TTar-b* wihsoQE. bebcHj^^n^at ii&Eraiiway; . bookstalls. They aare fast the saeft«£ read- ■ ing for a journey. We have psjraiies on Lord Lytton, Cooper, fohns, Charlotte Bremte, and Isever. "The Bvdkr oa - the Threshcdd'1 will affixd a good laugh to its author. " It was noon. - Sir ■ Edward had stepped from its brougham. . ' . . He was dressed witii his usaai faultlessness," but he sees a speck of mud on his boots, and seeks a shoeblack; saying, " ' The emitact of the Fool and Dis gusting mars the Shiny and Beautiful—and: yet, why am I here ? I repeat it calmly and deliberately, why am I here? Ha, boyf The boy looked up, bis dark eyes glanced. intelligently at the philosopher, and as with one hand he tossed back the glossy carls from his marble brow, and with the other he' spread the equally glossy Day A Martin over the Baronet's boot, he answered in deep. rich tones, 'The Ideal is subjective to the Real. . . . You are an admirer of the Beautiful, Sir, you wish your jtootB blacked. The Beautiful is attainable by means of the coin.' 'Ah,' said Sir Edward, thought fully gating onthe almost supernal beauty of the child before him, ' yon speak well You have read " Kant."' The boy blushed deeply. He drew a copy of 'Suit' from his bosom, but inhis confusion several other volumes dropped from his bosom on the ground. The Baronet picked them up. ' Ab!" said the philosopher, 'what's this? "Cicero's Do senectute, and at your age, too? "Martial's Epigrams," " Caesar's Com mentaries." What! a classical scholar?' 'Epluribusunum. Nux vomica. Nildesperan-' dum. Nihil fit P said the boy, enthusiastically. The philosopher gazed at thechild. Astrauge presence seemed to transfuse and possess him. Over the brow of the boy glittered the pale nimbus of the student. . . . 'Eleven years ago,' said Sir Edward to himself as his brougham slowly rolled towards the Committee-room; 'just eleven years ago my natural son disappeared .mysteriously. I have no doubt in the world but this little shoeblack is he.' " 