The Advertiser SATURDAY, JULY 1, 1871. It is KNOWN that Mr. C. Peacock is a very useful member of the Chamber of Manufactures, whose interests he has sought to advance in various ways. On his recent visit to New South Wales it occurred to Mr. Peacock that he might test the relative value of the wines of that colony and those of South Australia, if he brought the best samples from Sydney which he could find, and placed them in competition with the best samples of wine growers here. On returning to Adelaide with his Sydney samples, Mr. Peacock placed himself in communication with several South Australian manufacturers, and invited them to send in wines for a friendly competition at the Victoria BoteL This invitation was cordially responded to, either by the vignerons themselves or by their Adelaide agents. Mr. Peacock was also fortunate enough to secure the assistance of Mr. Coates, Secretary to the Agricultural Society, who ren dered him* valuable aid. A large number of samples were sent in by gen tlemen interested in native wines, and an extemporised Committee of taste, con sisting of Messrs. S. Davenport, E. M. Bagot, Crompton, Wyatt, and C. Peacock, was appointed to test the samples on Fri day at the Victoria Hotel. The test ap plied was a perfectly fair one. Nona of the Judges knew where the wine they tasted was produced. It was brought in in glasses properly numbered, Mr. Coates and Mr. Foote alone knowing where it was made. The Committee took great pain? to arrive at a correct decision, and it is interesting to find that such una nimity prevailed amongst them. Alto gether 26 samples were produced, which were subjected to a careful comparison, withthefollowingresults:—Mr.G. White's Bosefield, contributed by Mr. Horna brook, secured four votes, a second sam ple from the same vineyard secured the same number, and a third sample secured three votes. A Higher combe wine, presented by Mr. B- D. Ross, obtained the same number. A Morooroo wine grown by Mr. Jacobs, and exhibited by Mr. Wigg, also ob tained four votes. It is noteworthy that the wines which received the largest number of marks were all produced in South Australia. In bouquet, flavor, and delicacy they were pronounced to be superior to the New South Wales wines. The following is a list of the wines tested, with the result of the tasting as far as it went :— White's Uoteneld, contributed by Horna brook, four votes. Jacob's Moroorco, contributed by Hardy, foar FaUonV. of aibary. Hew Sosth Wales, Verdeilbo. Jacob's Riesling, contributed by Hardy. Fallon's Mnscatel. Wyndhun's Dalwood White (New Soctfc Wale*). Gilbert's Pewsey Vale Riesling, 1863, csn tribnteil by Honutbrook. White* UosefieM, contributed by Hontt brook, three votes. <ilberi'« Pewaey Vale, price wise at laat show, contributed by Foote, 1 rote. R. D. Root* Higfaercnmbe, 2 votes. White's, llesendd, Piloutina Blanoo, cntti buted by Oornabrook. K. D. Bow's Hignercombc, 4 vote*. Greco's Gavler Plains UiatUog, contributed by Wigg, 1 vote. Fallen • Albury BeuUag, 2 vote.. Fallon'a Alborr Anroent, New South Wales. J. X. Tarntrall'a Bock, contributed by H. Foote, one vo'e. ' T. Overbnry'a Chaaaelaa, Daley, 1664, con tributed by Wyatt. Peake'a, contributed by Wjgg. Green* Gawler Park, contributed by Wig* Green't fineaa, Gawler Park, contributed by Wigg. Wyndham's BokkolU, New South Wales. Pealce's Clarendon, oontribated by Wigg. White's, Rowfield, Temperas* Blanco. White's, Rostfield, P«dro Ximnuw. White*, KoaeneM, Dorodflla. tvo votea. White's, UoaefieM, Pedro Ximines. The decision as to the relative excellence of the wines presented was not arrived at without considerable deliberation. Some of the Judges stated openly that they ought to have had more time for testing the samples, and that their opinion was only an approximate one. Bat it was given for what it was worth. It is curious that in the competition, which was admitted to be a fair one, the New South Wales wines woe nowhere. This could not be the result of local prejudice, because none of the Judges had the least idea of the nationality of the wines on which they were adjudicating. Perhaps it may have been the result, to some extent, of local taste. The appre ciation of wine is very much a matter of taste, and it is possible that the taste of the Judges may have been created to a huge extent by the use of South Austra lian wines. What is now needed in, for the Sydney people to get op a similar test. They should import some of our best wines, and honestly compare them with their own, just as we have done with theirs. We should have as much confi dence in their impartiality as we hope they will have in ours. A generous rivalry in this matter will do good to both colonies. We ought to have no petty jealousies. Either colony can pro duce wines which no man need be afraid to drink himself, or ashamed to offer to his friends. It was the subject of general remark on Friday, that it was highly creditable to each colony that wines of such a very superior dasa can be produced ; and & friendly compe tition of this kind cannot fail to d* good. Before the gentlemen who were invited to examine the wines separated, the kind ness of Mr. Peacock in affording them the opportunity of comparing them was grate fully acknowledged, as was also the as sistance rendered by Mr. Coates. We understand there will be several aamplf of New South Wales wines exhibited at the next meeting of the Agricultural Society, and this fact gives additional interest to the experimental trial made on Friday. A question of very great importanceisnow agitating the commercial community of Melbourne; and—relatively to our popula tion and means—that question is quite as important to us as to our neighbors. It is—whether taxes shall be levied by the simple fiat of a Government, in or out of power, or by the deliberate act of the Parliament of the realm. From one point of view it seems almost absurd to propound the enquiry. EngUshmer; are supposed to have an intuitive horror of "taxation without representation," and to inherit from their remotest ances tors such a determination to resist to the death any tyranny of the kind, that it might be supposed the experiment would never be at tempted. Neither would it be, if taxes were levied by direct instead of by indi rect means. But so long as people prefer being pilfered privately to being assessed openly, opportunity will not be long wanting to steal a march upon the vigilance of taxpayers. It is, we know, useless to rail against the Customs ; they must be accepted as necessary evils—like measles, and servants, and mothers-in law, and other " plagues of life ;" though if we <V)«W get rid of Costom-Houses, we should take a seven-league step toward commercial prosperity and toward fiscal honesty also. But we cannot, and there fore everybody is interested in reducing the nuisance to a minimum. It is, how ever, a hard task. The Custom-House is a very Augean stable, and one looks about in vain for the Hercules that can cleanse it. If any one with a talent for writing books, and {possessing the requisite in formation, wool! compile * history of Custom-Hoitm—considered with re ference to their effect upon trade, com merce, and industry—lie would astonish the world. Mo device m ever equal to that of Custom-Hooaes for diecouraging act, crippling manufactures, embarrassing commerce, wad rashifc the wont of every man's work and enterprise- Bat atfll these Custom-Houses rear their beads wherever human hands toil and human brains work, and doubtless will continue to do ao. lTierefore we mm* accept them, as before remarked, just like we accept other inevitable misfortunes and vexa tions. Bat though we pay "custom to whom custom is due," we ought not to pay it to those to whom it is net due; and this brings na to the present state of affairs in Melbourne. The late (McCuDoch) Go vernment promulgated a aww tariff, by means of which they heaped £200,000 of extra taxation upon the people of Vic toria. This was, of coarse, through the ever-expanding and elastic "Cnstnans " Now it is a fundamental axiom of British law that no tax can be levied on British •objects mthoul ike auHumttf of a* Act of ParUamaU. This Act of Parliament most take tLe form of a Bill, passing through all its stage* in both Hoosea of Legislation, and afterwards asM?tedto by the Queen, or her mmaentsrwe. A Bill to passed becomes n act of the three estates of the realm ; and however unpa latable its provisions, they mucf be obeyed. Such is the theory, and" such is the law ; but in practice, taxation through the Customs k levied withoot any Act of Par liament at all—without any Act being even introduced, much has carried. A Minister rises in his place and says he is about to submit certain propositions affecting the Customs duties. He ia about to increase those duties. No one but himself knows, or aaaft* to know, what are his intentions (though sometimes they do most mysteriously leak out, or— at all events-^are gncaaad at with sur prising accuracy); but the moment he rises to state that he proposes certain facalduaget, ha Secretary, or wwg?f, or " familiar," telegiapha to the Collector of Customs to enforce and i—tintfr levy the proposed new rates. The defence put forward is well known. If the Coatom- Houae authorities were not to charge the enhanced rates unti) after they had been ratified by Pariiaamt, hotter* of bonded goods would dear them all out at the former Male, and the Cuatom-House would lose the dif ference. Therefore, to protect the Cus toms, trade is persecuted ; and trade, to avoid the *—*Aif\ si liraisui and finesses to the injury of the Cuatosos—the whole affair being anything bat creditable to die spirit of ninnfaentfi-cenfany laoakr tion. It involves the whole efliruliuii of hnmAivy —. «|iwti/M« —JifAi^f*.*^ a |,F ISj deal that has never yet had justice don* it either by friends or foes. The point at issue in Melbourne is, whether the GovenuMot can Mfrfy cm force Costoms duties which haw not' been sanctioned by Parliament. The eminent and wealthy firm of ffliiiia—i and Son intend to teat tiua point, and w« may be ante they wul carry it to the very highest tribunaL If the point mm simply as to the Government ordering Cnatoms duties to be levied on an in creased scale for Che few days lmnuawij to pass an Act through ita various stages -^ Act which they had, on intoodnong it, a moral certainty that they could epeedily carry—there can be little doubt that the Government, on the grounds of common justice and public utility, would be upheld in their action. Although not within the letter of any statutory enact ment, they could plead the supreme lex of public good, and they could plead common usage. But in our days we find tariffs changed by the order of Governments knowing they had not the ghost of a chance of carrying a vote; we then have these illegal tarifia further en forced by new Governments, who de nounce them whilst they eoDeet under them ; in abort, we have tares levied by a Ministry that talk in the attempt, the same taxes being continued by another Ministry that denounces and frwuih—iis them ; both parties with equal readiness plundering the public (for we can call it nothing eke) by a resolution unknown to the law, and a* m jnrious as it is unieonstitutionsL Some thing must be done to cure that evfl. It opens the door to enormous gambling. It is a short and easy method by which * corrupt Minuter might favor a friend to an imnwwie extent, and a vindictive Minister correspondingly punish an oppo nent. A shrug of the shoulders, a wink of the eye, a word or two, dropped aa if at random, might lead one aaan on to pocket his thousand* at the cost of the revenue, and another to lose Ida. It was floundered a rare hit of fun in Melbourne that some of the leading grocery linnsia had bean induced to pay £80,000 into the Treasury for the clearance of goods which they understood were to be subjected to higher taxation, when nothing of the •act was intended ! And this neat little "awD" was quoted with much seat, and mlishwl exceedingly in the recent debates on the McCnlloch tariff. We are not contend ing that a Treasurer when propounding a new tariff should not have power to instruct the <*>rm of Customs to collect, in the interval, ac cording to that proposed tariff—al though this power and privilege is a matter to be argued—not taken for granted. But the point is, how long ia this power of taxation by the Executive to last! For a week, a month, or a year t If a Ministry, in proposing a new tariff, is outvoted, sorely the ttat%s ante quo should return, and the old law be ad ministered; but this is not the case in Victoria, where a tariff is now being en forced and collected, not only without the sanction of Parliament, but in known violation of the proclaimed principle* of the Ministry in power. The Customs duties now levied in Melbourne are not levied according to Act of Parliament, and are not levied accord ing to the order of the Government of the day; but are simply the duties suggested by a Government whose policy was rejected, and who have been turned out of office in consequence. For how long is this to continue ? What rule or principle should regulate the imposition and collection of Customs duties t The question raised by Messrs. Stevenson ia one of deep interest, not to commercial men only, but to all politicians and all taxpayers. They deserve well of their fellow-colonists, and of all the colonies for their determination to bring this matter to a legal test, and we shall cer tainly, in South Australia, watch the pro gress of the case with very great interest. 