The Age has started -aomfi novel propositions with rard to the routes laid down in the Bail way Construction BUI; and our con temporary's remarks ahowH&e; danger of people meddling with localities of flMPhature of which they are profoundly ignorant. It asserts that two lmts i&re; notpropogeid to be made toMsxy borough, andt&kt; the Gavem- mentscbeme js the one which wjllbrejeiitrtiie greatest possible Hornby of people, and com mand the greatest aimounttif 'traffic, It fortoerm>@cdhtei3sihat if "iKepclaiSfcs of Ballarat and CastiemaineshWd be in cluded in statistics prepared to fornish infor mation as to the value ofthe routes selected, the population ofJIel bourne should not be ex cluded from theseiignres.. . We will dispose of thelast argument firet, ainoeitcan be scattered - inone sentence. Melbourne is already con nected with the two centres from which the new lines are to radiate ; and therefore what is sauce for thegooeeis sauce for the gander — in other words, the inclusion of the popula tion of Melbourne in the statistics would amply have the effect -of increasing the figures given withmt augmenting either column out of its proportion. It would therefore be & piece of tomfoolery to follow the advice our contemporary - tenders on this head. With regard to the second pro position, and this involves also the first, the mistake committed by the Government is plain to anypersoi1 wbo understanda figures, and who knows anything of the districts mixed up -in this controversy 1 : By con structing a line to Dunolly from Ballarat through Maryborough, and another from Oaatiemaine to Maryborough, two lines wuld be made to the one spot, and this result would follow in addition. On the Castle- fncufiA fiiil a Mnl/lnn Hortnohnn TMrlinir. ton, Bet Bet, and other placeB, would be no nearer a railway than they are now, while it is an actual fact which should be care fully remembered, that there Is not one township between Castlemaine and Mary borough, if., we except the all. but deserted . village . of Carisbrook, which by the way would be left four miles out in the cold, if 'the' line were constructed along the cheapest and most direct route. Beduced to a small compass, the question then is what is the best course to pursue for traffic or general results, and there can be no . doubt that course would be to carry a line direct from Castlemaine to Dunolly, because it would pass through Maldon, Baringhup, Eddington, Bet Bet, and a large and important agricultural country intervening, whereas the line from Castlemaine to Maryborough would not tap a single centre of population or township other than the village of Carisbrook, and only then by the deviation we mention above. We have a personal knowledge of the whole of these districts, and we un hesitatingly aSBert that, beyond perhaps three or four a day between Carisbrook and Maryborough, there would not be three pas sengers a week picked up at Carisbrook, while the goods traffic would be in proportion. If railways are to be made on such a basis as this, all well and good.; but it shall not hereafter- -be said that the - Government fell into the error for want of advice, so long as we can give it from a' personal acquaint ance with the localities concerned. Turning to the other side of the question, there is "not a single . township between Maryborough arid Bunolly, anda great.dealof the/ground between has been . mined upon years ago, < arid is not likely, to carry a/.populatioja of: #ny number st any 'time either present or- prospecti ve.' ' Therefore itisiheef absurdity to jay down a line here vthile such" districts as Maldon, Baringhup, aldington, andthe Bet ' Betureleftwithput raBwayccmifob"ira'timij'' .andDtmolly could be leachfed by a -finefnna fclaatjemaine, .which: -would j intersect these .. populous and agricultural centres It wills very naturally be asked why we are eo'peif- sistent in opposing the Castlemaine and Maryborough scheme 1 ' Our reply is, firstly, because., wa have exposed its rottenness for the laBt ten years, partly in this and partly in .another journal ; and, secondly, because we see that the requirements of, Daykiabsolutdnored in thh'B- : way Constrogtian Bjll, - in favor;- no doubt, ofthe CstiemaineinrnMahorbggh craze. Now ifthereiscmetowfi'niorethananothr. omside-thhiaige,. ceht of pulatibn 'en-; titled to railway communication that ; town, is Daipettbrd. It is an important mining, agricultural, and paBtoral -cehtre. Its in terests are "the interfeste M bothBallaiut, Castiemain end Melbourne. l£ carries a lazge population, and pnetiat js bound to, increase on account cf itl riinral resources anil advantages. Hence- a- line should be carried from Creswick to CaMleinaine whkh would pass through or close by The follow ing districts mrnMy— Bullarook, Dayles- ford, Hdleoombe, Glenlypn, Guildfor Yandoit, denluoe, FranMinford, Mudde- ford, and 'Newstead. "TheseMre tdl mining- and agricultural centres; nifiT -the traffic which each/a line would command would be: immense. Indeed,next to linefromBal- iarat to Creswick, Chmes,Talbot, and Mary borough, a line from Ores wick to. CastLe-/ maine would be, by/ a long way the beat paying - one that could be constructed. Moreover, umre-Stiie> railway scheme wMch has jdreacly. been sketched in these 'ccfiumns canriei dut title results would be' most important. Bah larztf Daylesford, OastlBtnaine,r SandhntBV 'Maryborough, v- Melbourne, fend - Echuca jrpuld, trenail brought, into xmnmtini cation with each/other by rail, nnd imomolhfir .sdiemehat-Cpuld be devjsed'wpnld sphieve this result in any ww approaddng 1 Our scheme it .a line'rrom Ballarat, through. Cresiridq tmho Marybwu ; another; "frpm Creswick to Castlemaine, and third fcofii '-OastlMihe jto ; -Donblly. Wo dbm- rnend toe suggestioh'to both toe Government ad the "Age, && if Iheyjpill pdlj consult ;jhe map.-and infenwiey, 'y, afsmforpsi person who knows the districts",wliich would Jbe thasBnforaced,tiiey wffl_speedfiy>e«nne conVetfa bo1 bur viewBon HnS- railway disq putcL r Wiih rqgardtoBie atatiatiro- Jatgy furnished "toey are ehaolntehfi rotten -i-nCp k>tove th«':>trath ' of toi« aroiilirui efrre kied-tMy lihoirtiutt JBlvocs, Lexton, and Craigie axe included in toe OastiBmaineum- Maryborough scheme, though too pfacea I — given a line foom Ballarat to Mary- Jxsrqugh — have no more to do with the route named than the town of Richmond his to do with Geelong. Certainly the idea of . a future route from Maryborough to A rarat is tacked on to make the return more palatable, but this course can only have been followed "with what looks -very like an" "intent to " deceive;" soring that- with a line from Ballarat to Ararat, another line from Maryborough would be a downright ab surdity. The scheme for the Government to-adopt is the one we have now several times shown the advantage of, not only to make the whole of que lines remunerative, but to reconcile conflicting interests. It would please all and annoy none. Of bonrse the Ararat line . from Ballarat is equally 'desirable; in order "to bring -thai town and Pleasant Creek into .commnnica- taon mth Melbourne. But we have only aimed to treat on the country between Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Dunolly in this article. We would once more urge the desirability of erecting public - quartz crushing machi nery in the Dead Horse- Ranges. Whoso ever may undertake the project will not be only a true philanthropist, but will run the chance of becoming a rich one., into the bargain. Independently of the claims bring worked cm toe California and Timms. In. qnite la rusb bas set in to takie "op ground north, and south .of lhe.lode now being so sncbiesriully mined by Cooke and party,. North, .and . adjoining, Cooke's, £he Normknby1; Company ' ato; going rapidly downwith their "riikRy which.is'now about 80 F" in dcpth, £nd may be exptojedai toy time to cut "the lode. Beyond them, Mr Julius Mount and other gentlemen have either bought right out or purchased the privile ' .to 'mine cm smne fonoed in private property while an Infiueintial party have taken up a Jaeriaimto the south of IClarke's, and have already -commenced active operations. Thus these are throe lines of reef which may be said to be in foil swing; in every one of which the stone Is readily accessible. The -nearest battery available is fully two miles distant from the southernmost claim, so that by cartage alone the loss to the nuns cornea to something considerable, to say nothing of the waste of fine gold by constant jolting over a rough bush road. There are several excellent sites for a battery centrally situated aa re gards the claimB on the reris above men tioned, and as. the country is all rangy there, should be no difficulty in. pro curing an ample supply of water by means of contour drains. It has been already rumored that a few of our largest mining investors who lately' visited the ranges have half made up their minds to erect the requisite machinery. .Another visit ought to fix their determination ; for every old quartz miner who has traversed tne country is most xavoraoly impressed with its auriferous character. Indeed it is impossible to cross from one hill to another . without stumbling across quartz leaders of greater or lesser magnitude ; while almost anywhere the color of gold can he obtained by panning a. dish of surface dirt. We venture to predict a groat future for this locality, inasmuch as the lodes are both numerous and at no .great distance apart; tod require but little capital to, open up. The erection of a crashing plant in the neighborhood, by which the public could be accommodated at a reason able rate, would give a great stimulus to prospecting, and infuse fresh ardor info . those already working, on -the various lines of reef There is probably more-untried quartz country in -this direction than any-, where else within ten miles of Ballarat, and i the sinking is so easy that almost any one would be willing to risk a few pounds in testing .the quartz which is here so abun dant; more especially if the means of reduc ing at were: brought within a moderate dis tance; If there is to be a crashing plant erected during the . present year/no time. ought .to be lost, because wa cannot expect much more heavy rain after next month. The first thing to be done would be to make a reservoir, and cut drains trending towards - it. The erection of the engine and battery could then be proceeded . with. We wonder that 'none' of our iron mer chants, who .have crushing plants - rusting, either in their yards or in the bush;1 have not given tins subject their 'serious -consideration , -A. walk across the ranges/ umcmgst the chums above indicated would speedUy convince them that at leaat twenty beads bf stampers would be kept constantiy " employed " if. anything like . reasonable rates were charged. Water supply bring paramount; it might be as well to ascer- fam if - Ihe" jCHineBe would have toy ob- jeatipn to come, to terms for. the toe of a: portion >ef tiie. >water :from their excellent X»ce, Which m)ay be crossed half-a-dozen times in jtraising tiie country between Ballarat and the ' Daylesford road, where it intersects the chdm-of. the Ballarat .Quarto -Mining Company, If the race could be purchased right ou very Jittie erpense wotdd enable a ; crushing company to bontinuje t£eir operations throughout :torir year. Dtoer any' circumstances, it is" well - worth the' while of fhose . ". whom it jnay opncwrn" to give toe locality whave named a thorough ovmhanLl Ballaratiprtperty bidders com-1 plain, of tenantlees houses; and Ballarat. toopkeepers of " "bad bnriness," but we seldom bear -of either, doing anything' to riieck aarcffluiT-of population. Indeed,-3n/ toe East toe best efforts of ' theGquncil and property owners" ere directed -to driving miners pwgy Jp Bendigo. Perhapsthe best- iprevention ofemigrationliesmthe encourage- mant of quatofmining hoar home." ' Tw»i SebastojioT .'Hre Brade ! add toe BcbutqpolB<»QuCoto ntor joma'-fi to'nniftl difference. The former jB; : 6 fordMi 1 U toits.credit to toe bank. - It toerefbre addressed a letter to toe oouncBwtoort time back applying for asrist- rofoe, and in ply the counril stated that it couldnotgrant a yearlyor monthly jdlowenoe topnafete toe brigade to erect an engxnbhotuie 1 and vratto4ower, and pay watdrman;' poe could they, tiie over the properiy tff foe brigade, and - pay toe -debts (£86) w pro-? posed. This reply was read to « meeting: pftoe brigade hrid last Thnrsdy/and toe "result was the appointmmit of a deputation ' to! wait on toe finance cmnmittee .of toe; eoloncil to its next meeting, to see whetoenr thrir -differences -cdulbl hot be i smooithed' away. . The - «ibject _ is a aoinewbat delicate; " mfo:, ,|o , Imndlej for -the, Sebaj Bprouffi .Counril is like nearly "sli the public jodiea in this colony, by no : miBans blest With an - abundahce of cash." pfit in £be; ibfeeiBstt Iheifcemewilb', neema fobps lends iWiUpg espeoallyisa the requrate made are foy no' nsaami'iaf ah- extremfi Moacriptkm. toe" membeni'forit is a; dtmriim 'tqwmdi' \- "afterwards ofseSOperannumiBPe are fold S toat"£50 would" Tbe first ibfr means :of an sentertainmeot," «r n-'sub- with an allowanoe of £30 per annum, "m not mudi to ask finr, conadering toe utility the brigade is to Ihe nndentB on toe bill Moreover it would be fairer for the -council to assist the brigade to toe extent desired, than for it to appeal to toe public — since, in toe first place, the sum would be indirectly contri buted by all ; whereas, in toe second, a public subscription would simply foil on the "willing horses,' while the niggardly ones : would escape, as toey always do in such esses. The burgesses would obtain more than value received for the council's assis tance, because toe existence of a local fire brigade has brought down insurance" premiums on toe bill — one resident alone saving as much as £40 a year by this means — and if the brigade were to break up these premiums would be at once increased, and toe difference would a groat deal more than represent toe outlay requested. The brigade state that toey will have no alterna tive but to dissolve;- and sell off toe plant, in toe event of the council continuing to refuse assistance, as thrir.' debt-must be paid ; and it would soon afterwards be a matter of general regret in Seb&stopol; were the plant and apparatus sold off to liquidate pressing liabilities. In view of toesefocts we scarcely see how the -council can decline to accede to the money -request of toe brigade ; nor is it feasible to suppose it will when a little further consideration is bestowed on its 'application. " The council has assisted .the brigade before fo the extent, we believe, of £2(Kt ;but toe money was handed over in such . driblets that a large portion of it was. dkxmred for interest on tiro, loan obtained fo complete the purchase of the plant. A brigade without an engine- house and watch-_ towr iskometfaShg like guns without a ship jto mount them, though there works might be carried out in detail, «nd as the borough funds would permit. But out of- regard for the interests of the burgesses, and as'soine -encouragement to the .brigade to hold to gether and maintain its present high state- of efficiency, toe council «h«mM certainly do something towards, liberating it from, debt, and make it toe small allowance of £30 per annum. Eire brigades are most useful organisations, and every effort should be made to encourage their existence. With reference to the deputation to watt on tb Water .Committee on Thnnday, to obtain Sta aid to bring about a banquet to the Ministry on Ballarat, it seems that only eight persons attended for the purpose, the majority who signified their Intention to more in the matter being detained at the Bnngaree races. The eight considered Ihern- ee.ves loo small a numbsr to proceed before the Weter inmrniasion, and hence the postponement of Use effsir as mentioned in cor yesterday's isiue. The gentlemen who will represent the sister colonies at the inter-colonial Conference next week ere now — in company with the Bon. J. M. Grant, the Boo. Howard Spen&ley;, and the Hon. Mr O Grady — on a visit to Ballarat. They arrir.d yesterday evening, about aix o'clock, by apecial train, and took up thrir quarters at Craig's hotel and the George. To-day they are to be . ehowu tbu "lioos" of the city, and will probably descend some of onr most important mince; after which, they are to partake of luncheon with the mayors and councillors of the city and borough. The names of our visitors are: — From New Sonth Wales — Sir James end I> dy Martin, and the Hon. Mr Becker (Postmaeter-Gfoeral'l; from Qneeac- land — -be Hon. Mr Thompson (Minister of Rands), the Hon. Mr Frier (Postmaster General), U"d "Mr Frsztr; from Tat mania — The Hon. Mr Wilson (Chid Secretary), and Hoc. Mr Dunn (fr-«eurer); from Sonth Australia— The Hon. Mr Morgan, and Hon. Captain Bute. Yesterday they visited Geelong, accompanied by several ladies, aid were met on the railway platform by Mr < unnioghari, liliA, and the mayor. Car riages were in waiting, and Ihe party were at once taken to Mack's hot,), where luncheon had been provided. Mr frpeneley presided, and the vice-chair was occupied by the mayor of Geelong, who, with Mrs Ducker, bed .received, a special invitation to be present. The f out Of "The Queen" wu followed by that of ' The Garats." proposed by the mayor, and briifly re sponded to by Sir James Martin. The party were next driven to the Botanical Gardens, and expressed thelrplettura at the condition of those grounds Thrnce they proceeded to the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Comptny'e factory, and wen shown all round the' works by Mr Squire Ward, the manager. After drinking to the success of the company, the Albion. Woollen Factorv wu driven to and inspected, Musts Gray and Bobln- son,-tbe proprietors, and Mr Tbackeragb, the mansger, conducting thrir visitors ovsr it. It appeared to be the general opinion that iu summer tweeds the junior establishment had taken the lead, and certainly better goods could not be turned cut by, any factory in England. After only a short stay, the parly again returned tb Mack's .hotel, where gome of ..the ladies had pre-, ferred to remain, and shortly afterwards the whole party proceeded to the railway terminus. The train wu in waiting; and at four o'clock a atart was msde-forBalUrat, The mining question formed a very im portant portion of the business considered at the muting of the BorbughGonoril last night. With respect to the resolutions arrived at in com- -gaittee, the council - adopted a aeries of -con- nltions on which mining would be allowed in jfhq Market Bestrve, and ; (decided . that in toe event -of These bring Imposed -by1 toe Minister of Mines, the council would withdraw its objection.: Tins waasgreed to, after a deputation- from the Gravel Fits Company, the flrrt appli-' oanta for "permteion to uadermlue the: reserve, bad been beard. It .was also decided. 'that the -Minister of Mines should fas asked to np- hold the exemptou of land gszetied in 1SG9, -except in so far ea toe portions of tbe Market reserve allowed to be mined, under are'oancerned. On the rending of a report from the town In- : spbetor, it .wu decided to take action against treepueemoa certain reserve. A fnll report- of the connotl's proceedings will be found else where. . .: .v..- Mr Clarke, MX.A., bu requested us to publish toe annexed Tn reference to the Balph abrogis> The letter speaks tor Useli : -'-toe claims BaJph, -Xnlght, and Turtou'iand Lee, fear land in the parish of Clarendon.: To be wperially submitted: tothebon. the Minister of Intuit. I beg to refer to my jetter dated lf « | 7L cbrr. 711 8829 C, aud my report dated 16 | 6 | 71 attached; also: to , thd recommendttion of ;tbe Surveyor General, 1 dated.30 1'6-| 71, coir. 7.i|S160, and would re-: commend that the Uoenae issued to Metsti Tnrton and be be not renewed; nod would submit that s ' letter similar to that marked A (attached) aboitid -beeenttotoece. Kaigfatto-winingTo Witbdraw his'applicaiion,' and treat to being uhie-to make some arrangementelritU -Bglph; bntcna eBalpta . honld not enblet tWfet htdtoe.feerimpie nf ton "land, Iwould- teeoiBjDKmdtbatCjoeTee-be .excised;1 Irooitotipfa'sioriginal arte, tmd that The balahoe,: 80s firlSp, be granted to Balph, sn"the rights of tbe Lignite Company are protected hy an agiee- mept wuerra. uto oesween : war ocmpauy -aua Briph. (Signed) Hxickx Mosicnt diBtrict sat- ' vejor. 81 1 8 | 71. Approved, 6 1 9 | 71. (Signed J.M. ft,'.'.: - . r. . "- i 5 A large public meeting wu held in the Alfred Hail lut eight, tor the purpose Of diicuaslng the Peimieaive Bill question. . Several neolutiont were carried, widen;' together wilb report of the : proceedings, are given In another col ume. Captain Johnstone, one of foe oldest member 1 of foe let R.VB., and n popular, officer in .foe . oorpe, Is about to leave Bsllantfdrlrelandi where heihucome Jnto.a enng little property. Thb finit intimation of hie departure reached bis bro-: ther officers yEterday afterooon, and when foe : men psradtd last nltot.Captaln fcleep made them acquainted with the circumstance. Alter the parade: sru over Oaptain Sleep made a speech ", highly eulogistic of tbe military capacity of and the eerricei rendered to toe 'corps by Chiptsin. John stone, and the Utter laving replied without, a blnsh, foe-men' gave Mm three hearty cheers, anil the band played severed ' aire appropriate to toa event, in which ont pf compliment to .Captain Jfonitone's nationaiitT "Eaddywlll you Now?" ffigured comqdcaoasly. Tim bffioeu snbsequeotly fwid a meeting, and mndn-amngementa to give him npazting baaquatiwhltowilldonblieee-oante- ,ofi on Monday evnniiig. We undtntaud Jit fe foe Intention or Captain Johnstone to depart tor hie native Und uiLThnrsdsyieitiier by the Xent Or J. M. Rates, bo toot which ships are adver tised to sail on toatday. , ' llha .BVJB! mratrtfo; Jbcmt foo abrohg faet hfafat; ahf . werTjut throngh foe bafaUion drill . ariilnh »b« .1n„- m.»»ncr«. iimd foea fome - lianagh, Captain Johntoce,"Wbo is leavfagBai- Utfoto? £fod next' srew, rtcJvfo . hearty cheer .on toe dlemiessi prder beinggijren. - Uto -offientrill tie iniued from toe ranks, having been one of toe most r.egnlar'attendanta, Tbe bands fofo marched op to GroigUboialruidpfayed, some ChoiCebelectioDaTdtocmT of foe hTrtelln honor of the Minister! and intercolonial visitors who were inside, and by whom they were well treated alter- trarda, 1 The nsnal monthly meeting of the jjlnt com mittee of the City and HungaxstEbiro Councils, relative to tbe main Daylesford reed via Deed Hcree, wee held yesterday. Present — The mayor, and Ccnocillore M'Dc-wali and Williams, and the president of the shire, and CouDc-illom Turpieand Fan ke, A letter wu read trout the shire secre tary, asking remuneration for his eervicee in con nection with the meetings of the committee. Alter some dieensribn, the application wu withdrawn until next meeting.- Thesbire engineer submitted & report stating tost the road wu in very fsir order; that five, of the surface m-n bad been die- < chcrged; and that considerable evasion wu going on in consrquecce of the want of a check-gate at Frrnchmsna and at Ritchie s; the cost of erecting wo cbeck-gatea be estlmited at jCBO. . It wu agreed that tbe mayor, ihe president, and tbe two et gin, eis foonid proceed pa Moodsy next to visit tbe road, and report as to the most suitable eites for check-gates. Tbe mayor asked what steps bud been taken relative to legalism gibe amount of loth -In excess of '£3509. The shire secretary stated that a sob committee of his council had beenappolnted to .deal into toe matter, aod that a progress report wunld be submitted at the next meeting of the committee. It wu derided that the city clerk should, in fnlnre, act as secretary to toe joint ommittee. Accounts amounting to £94 6s were pused for payment, and toe meeting terminated. The wood dealrrs have fait upon an appropriate 'name for the new coal trucks. They designate them the " Railway— mourning cos ches." " Curiosity having been excited by. the offer of the Government to sell the'old mining registrar's office foLydiard street, --we may -state that tola step feTaken Tb consequence of tbe business of toe office bating- been removed Into ' the ola Tress nry, farther up: thus, rendering the build ing effered -for sale of no nee for public purposes. Thewale ie fnrtbermore brongbt about in conse quence of "the building standing "on a right-of- f»y- It is enrioru toat all the Mribonrne papers fall Into the uflsteke of reporting Measra Clarke, Joeee, utd: Fbtnipe mleiion to toe Attorney- Geo«rsl«m Thursday u on behalf " of "appointing fo official agent for Ballarat, instead of an official r Mr Stewart is to move in tbe. Assembly on Tnesday that the Hbnse will next day.resolve itaelf into a committee of toe whole for tbe pur pose of considering the .propriety of preaentlog an addreu to, hie Excellency the .Governor, prayr "ing that the sum of £1000 maybe placed upon an additional estimate for 1871-73 for the widow of foe late Krr William Frsrer, MJ'. for CrfBWlck "Prnesia in 1700 and 1871 "fa toe subject of a lecture to be delivered on M nday-eveoing in the Mechanics' Hall, fry toe Rev. C. T. Perks. The proceeds are for toe debt and repair fund of St. Paul's parochial ecboola. It would be difficult tb select a subject of greater interest at tbe pre sent time;- and, seeing that the ability of Mr Perka as a lecturer fa already highly appreciated, the results will doubtless ba at satisfactory u the object deserves. The Bev, Mr Perks will also preach in St. Paul's nt both srtvicet to-morrow, the collections bring for foe eame purpose. Mr Ferguson, toe inspector of State forests, wsa to have visited the wsttr reserves yesterday, in company with toe mayors and Mr Bagge, bnt he did not pnt in an appearance. As he wu in vited fay the Water Commission, it is not likely that he would proceed on bis tone without placing bimself in communication with the officials brre The presumption fa therefore that eome sufficient Cause has kept Mr Ferguson away from Ballarat. - The laborers employed in bniidiog tbe new Savings' Bank sported their bnnting yesterday In sign of Ihe layiog of the topmcat brick on the building. The -carpenters have got toe roof timbers fixed, and the cement-Work will be pro ceeded with at once. The conference fo have been held yesterday between ths Council of Ballarat Best and tbe Bnoinyoog and Bnogareeshire Councils oo tbe BUbj ct of the erection of additions! tollgates, am not take place. Another meeting will be arranged for shortly. Mr Doane, J P., attended nt tbe City Police . Court yetterdsy and disposed of the following business. One drnukerd was "fined 5% John Dingle, charged with tbe wilful damage of a window, waa discharged, owing to tbe prosecutrix not appearing. The balance sheet of the Mechanics' Institute Bsz tar Committee has been prepared by the secre tary", Mr J. B. Boss, end shews a net profit of £900 lis lid. This is from the biztar alone, leaving toe profits, from the concert yet to be added. " The La! Lai ghost bis resolved itself into a tangible eutatance, in toe shape of an informer in a sly grog case, partly heard at the Bnninyong Polios Court yesterday. It appears that, after iodu ging in its (realm, the ghost repaired to a ehenty kept by G. Caple for a drink, and yester day the delinquent appeared before the court fo answer s charge of selling without a license. The cue was remanded. ' " " A tea meeting will be held in tbe Golden Point Wesley an Conrch next Tneeday. A concert and readings, will follow. Ths Ladies Benevolent Clothing Society of Ballarat has issued the following notice:— " The numerous cases of destitution relieved this winter by tbe Ladles Benevolent Clothing Society having almost exhausted their fund, the committeB are compelled, for tbe present, .to limit their relief entirely to aged and sick persons." Tbe quarterly meeting of the Ballarat District forodayechool Union will, be held in toe Doveton street Presbyterian Church next Monday evening. The subject -for discussion srill be "Teaobere' Preparation Classes." -. The Rev. A. Morrison repeated his lecture on 1 "The Catacombs of -Rome, " at Apollo Hal', Cinnea, on Thursday evening, in ald-pf tbe lands of the Lsdiet Bfoevolent Boelety. Tbe attend ance was good, bnt-Ae collection rather (malt. Court Freedom AO.F, nt Clones, celebrated their tenth anniversary on Thursday. c: In to® afternoon the brethren .marched in procession, -With bend and ; banner, to toe Bible Christian Hbb'nrch, and" received an address from "toe" Bev. J. Q :Coomb,. and for tbe cveoing met at the : bonit rubm, and, in company with a goodly tram- " bet ot ladiei, took sapper &od; passed a few bnrs Very pleasantly jwito eong and tout. The secre tary's r> pbrttoowed. -whi Ie in toe year l866 toe conrt fundt only ani ousted to £377, toe incidental fund then btoig £78 in debt, at toe present time tbe funds and etock atnoant to -£1282; still there are only 175 membfob agalnst l63 at previous Bete. _ , The assault cue Pritehstd v Harrfa, which" is expected to reveal a few amusing" little incidents, wu cslled bn at the Bo rough Polios Court y ester- . day, and- adjourned in consequence of toe com plainant being unable to attend.- - - The mwnbsra of the "No. 1 and 2 branches of foe Hifrsrnian Society axe requested to attend tbe fuqeral of the fate PatrickfiuUivan, which' will tfoe place from toe rNaUonal hotei,i>6butopol, tomorrow altornoon, at two o'clock. . ; It was reported yeetardaytoat In consequence Of foe naval and parliamentary trip dosrofoe Bay next week, the military ball to take plane in-Bsl- larst next Friday wo old be postponed. Wears authorised to state that tbia is not tbe case. The day selects! for the exbuiaion down the Hay is Tuesday, and therefore foe ball will take plaoetm ' . toe date originally fixed. Geelong hu lost the -Oetberas, tor the moeiter.. pot under, wrigh for "Melbourne at seven o'clock yesterday- morning.' There was a good display of bunting about toe town, and also on tbe Loch Leren afo Linsrkshlre, which vessels are at "Geelong for toe purpose bf talting in tbeir cargoes of pool. - . A very large procession 'of respectable Cbineu " attended tbe remains of- one: of their number, Obbong Chun Chew, storekeeper of Smytiae'a Creek, to the new cemetery yesterday afternoon. There were not leu than twenty vehicles, most of which were private ones, following the mourning coach and hearse, whicb wu drawn by four horses. Deceased sru a native of Canton, forty- right years of age; and died of fwlonfal ferae. i. A miner named William Peerot;1 srlffist working ln a drive at the Defiance CompuyBrminyong, ' onThureday, waa severely wonnded in the ankle and left leg through n large atone- tolling upon himHe was conveyed to theBallaratHoepiiaL ... The Ballarat.Baat Pufrlfa XilbriU committee met lut evening. Present — Messrs Rosenblnm (in tbe. chair), Molloy, Thompson, Dyte, Digglos, pnd the' Beva. T. Williams andR. T. Cummins. "Correspondence wu rend from the Bev- Mr Cdmmhub fofoarfing a catalogue und letter from a fjohdon B;ok Boriety, offering to.eapply,at n redncsd price, books selected from their, fist. Re ferred to the book oommlttee to report to the next meeting. On the motion of Mr Molloy, seconded by Mr Thompson, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Conmiint for his kindness in obtaining foe privileges stated. From Mr Dimelow, presenting . ropiea of foe fitstpartqlhfa work on bookkrep- ing. " From Mr Bayers, foe volume of mining sur vey ors'. report!. Prom Mr W. T. Campbell, a. itrge router. " From Mr"B3ngg, "two-'forient" manuscript spesimans, over SfrS yeara old... From iitie publisher," apbotografo album -Of tbe first LegfalativeAsremblylh Victoria nod of members." From Mr Harley, toa "-BpUtlea.of "Pliny," with tranaiation, «cc by tbe Eul of Orrery-, pnbtliihed In London in l76l. rom «. > Mullen. Melbourne, "Balph foe Heir," one of ,Xrriiope'# talest novtls. f- All were reorivfo -Wlth- Hbenke. Owing to fotPpfetsnre rii the frfoklind the Impossibility of obtaining from the Govern ment the disbursement of the vote pasted by foe Legislature in November of fait year in aid of . free libraries, the payment of overdue «ocount« bu been reluctantly def.reed; and the Bev. Mr Cummins being about to visit Melbourne in s few days, ares urgently requested to wait on the Ministry, and uk for too distribution of tbo vote so long delayed by tbe M-Oulloeh and mill de layed by tbe Doff / Government. Mr Cummins, ewere of tbe nrgent c'aime of the institution, agreed to do as asked, accompanied by Mr Rodier. The list of English papers and periodicals for 1872 was submitted and approved. It is, how ever, shorn of its fair proportions on account of the embarrassed state of the funds. The Times, Daily Telegraph, Spectator, and Graphic are, however, to be continue A Tbe film, tinted papers however, that have been so roughly bandied, were ordered to be put iu covers, and to be accessible as the hooka are, by spp.ication to the librarian. T hus it ia hoped they may be preserved -in such way u to be not uofit for binding when each volume shall be completed. Mr Thompson having tendered Ida resignation as a member of com- mittee, it was accepted vrrtn regret, ana secretary was directed to: write to him and ap- prise bhn of toe high appreciation in which his -cooperation in furtherance of tbe interests of tbe institution was held by the committee, and to express the hope that at no distant date be would be a gala one of their number. The Bev. Mr Williams presented a copy of toe Fiji Gazette of date the 27th July last, for which, us an object of iatereat, he was accorded a vote of thanks, and the meeting cloeed. The decision arrived at by foe Government in Snpple'e case sras communicated to the prisoner by Mr Caatieso immediately upon the" receipt of the official notification at foe gaol. Supple re ceived foe announcement that 'bis sentence of death ' bad been eommnted fo imprisonment for life, without any marked emotion; simply making the observation, " That' what foey call mercy " Ho appeared to have expected foe action of the '.Government would "be aa it baa been. Hfa-faeaUb "has much improved, and -he has been discharged from the hospital : He fa now undergoing the ordinary treatment of pxisonera. It is not pro bable (adds the Age) that he will be transferred to Pentridge until after the present General 8c-. siona have been concluded, srhen a nomfrer of pri soners will be drafted to tbe stockade. : - - With regard to foe reports in circulation hav ing reference to certain' charges made by Mr Wright against foe -present' general mansger of' foe National Bank during hia mmnageraent in Adelaide, the Argue is authorised by the directors to ltate that the chairman fa about -fo proceed to Adelaide to communicate personally with the board of -directors there on the mbject. Tbia step la taken with the entire concurrence of the general manager, (hat every opportunity may be afforded Mr Wright of proving the truth of hfa accusations, if he fa able to do ao. The xebia strip's controversy oomea to nonght Yesterday's leugrapk writes:— "A conclusive refutation has been given to the reckleM asaer- tionaxnade about the zebra stripes reservations Mr MacPbereba on" Thursday, in justification of tbe policy of his administration of the Land De portment, pointed exultlnply to the return re cently furnished to Parliament of selections made eince tbe accession of the present Government to office to show that, '.notwithstanding the fociliti'S offered to selectors, tbe zebra stripes badpnly been operated upon to the extent of eight sl ot mentson tbe celebrated Mr Lloyd Jonee' ran, which allotments represented only 1 200 acres Tbst tbe Chief Secretary was misled in tasking the-cbsrges he did before bis coaetii treats was in- directly acknowledged by hlm, and a tacit under standing was arrived at between him and tbe bon. member for Dan as thst on fob enbject at leset they will not again join faraei ssrnoh attacks only tend to lower the status of politicians in Parlia ment and with tbe country," The Age aaya that the complete number of 35 814. Serve them right, if foey wont pay either thrir rates or a shilling'for tbe privilege to vote Oar contemporary shcald, however, complete its r-xurn, by doing wbst we tugg sted foe other day, namely, show how many of tbeae 35.8)4 persons obtained registration under foe elector's right. Until this is done, tbe above figures are worthless for the object designed The handsome Canterbury drag sent by Mesere Stevenson and BlHot to toe Intercolonial Exhibi tion at Sydney last year, and for which a prize sras awarded to foe manufacturers, has been nnrchsseo (report toe Argue) by tbe Marqnia of Normsnby, who selected the vehicle from amooget a numfrer of others in Messrs Stevenson aod Elliot's work shop daring hfa recent visit to Melbourne. Some high bide are being made for a Victorian subsidy to an English mail service vis San Fran- cisoo. The Chief Secretary announced on Thurs day night, in the Assembly, that the other day foe agent of Hall's line had made certain proposals to him, to the effect font . Melbourne should be the terminus of that line. Only thst day, however, he recei ved an offer from toe New Zealand Go vernment (whose contract was supposed to pre dude - foe mail steamers calling at Australian porta) to the effect; not only thst Melbourne .should be the termions of their line, bnt that the Victorian home mails should be carried free for four months. This last offer Mr Duff; described ea a very " remarkable" one. He seems, how ever, to have forgotten (adds toe Argue) that in May last it was offered to tbe late Government, on behalf of Mr Hall's line, that the mails should be carried free of charge until Sir James MCnI- loch and his colleagues had come to a decision on the subject, and that since then Bali's boats have regularly carried the mails of Victoria and Sonth Australia without payment-or implied liab lity. A small white French performing poodle was stolen from the Gregory troupe on the 7th instant. Mr Gregory (sta tee toe Police Gazette ) values toe dog nt £500. ? 