CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA. RANSLATION OT THE REMAINS OF THE REV. J,- O'BOUBKE, KILMORE. The solemn ceremony of translating the remains of the ever beloved arid deeply respected Father Timothy O'Rourke from the cemetery to the Church of St. Patrick, ffil. more, took place on Thursday^ the 23rd nit. In the earlier portion of the morning the priests who had assembled to take part in the sacred' rites offered in succession the Holy Sacrifice' for the repose of the soul of the; honoured deceased and of his worthy successor, the lamented Father Brannigan. At half-past nine o'clock the Solemn Office for the Dead was intoned, and immediately after its conclusion his Lord* ship the Right Rev. Dr. Goold celebrated Pontifical High Mass for the dead, assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.-G., copebearer; Rev. P. J. Slattery, of Geelong, as deacon; Rev. T. Bradly as sub-deacon, and Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan as master of ceremonies. There were also present—Rev. M. Farrelly (pastor of Kilmore), Rev. N. Bassetto, Rev. T. O'Callaghan, Rev. J. Martin, and Rev. W.Kelly, S.J. When High Mass was ended, the Rev. ather Kelly ascended the altar-steps to deiver the funeral oration. He took his text rom Heb. v. 1.—"Brery Pontiff is taken from amongst men," &c.; and said:—To reverence the remains of our fellow-men, aud o desire to be so reverenced after death, are' strong instincts of the human heart. Even amongst the Pagans, to neglect the last duties towards the dead was considered a heintfus crime, and to be deprived of sepulchral hononrs was deemed a most grievous punishment. In the Christian law this sentiment is ennobled—the body has • been the temple of the Holy Ghost, the shririe of our Saviour's real body and blood, consecrated in eveiy sense by Extreme Unction, consequently the faithful all desire, if it please God, that their remains may rest in consecrated .earth ; nor is there any nation amongst whom this instinct of faith is more vividly alive than our old Irish race. But there is something peculiarly holy about the dignity of the priest, and holy in due proportion ought his last resting-place to be. He was taken from amongst men while alive; he shall on special occasions, like the present, be taken from amongst them even after death. He was the vice-' gerent of Him of whom it was written —" Thou shalt not give thy holy one to see corruption." And if the priest must see corruption, must return to that dust from which, as child of Adam, he sprang, he shall at least mingle with earth's holiest dust and sleep beneath the spot over which rises the House of God. He, as in the case of the beloved Father O'Rourke, loved that house during life, and in death he shall not be separated from it. The thought of his presence even in death adds a new awe to the house of God; when the eye, surveying the beauties of this noble edifice, falls upon bis grave, we are reminded that we too must die, and happy shall every one amongst us be who is as well prepared to meet the Great Judge as was Father O'Rourke. The altar at which he used to stand, but under whose shadow he now lies; and where the Bishop and the clergy have all this morning offered sacrifice for his repose will remind us of our own coming hour, and, like Abel, who, though dead, spoke from the surface of the earth, according to St. Paul, this faithful priest, though his eloquent and fervent voice is heard no more, will still preach to us from the silent dust underneath. Fully one-and-twenty years have now rolled away since, standing on Irish shores, I waved towards my departing friend a last farewell. I little thought that I should ever stand on Australian soil to bid, in presence of priests and people, the last and sad farewell to his honoured remains before they are laid in that resting-place which shall hold them till the earth gives up its dead. In the autumn of the year 1845 he and I entered together the great College of St. Patrick at Maynooth. That College was destined for the Irish, not the foreign mission, but the sacerdotal spirit cherished within its dear walls has always, as in times gone by, urged the Irish clergy t& the farthest ends of the earth, and I hope that I, a child of that College, may say without arrogance that it preserves St. Patrick's spirit, and bears not unworthily St. Patrick's glorious name. From his first entry Mr. O'Rourke drew on himself the admiratien of his fellow-studentr and the approbation of his superiors. The virtues with which his soul was filled, and which threw a certain saintly lustre over his external demeanour, pointed him out as eminently fitted for the priesthood: his clear and comprehensive intellect, cultivated by conscientious study, endeared him to his teachers; nor should I emit that under his gentle exterior there burned the purest patriotic fire, so that in-the terrible years that followed O'Connell's unsuccessful demand for 1 Irish self-government, I most fully believe that he would gladly have laid down his life to deliver Ireland from her sorrows. I need not tell you why he left the Irish shores ; he came to preach the Gospel iothose who sat in darkness. He had one terrible struggleto uadergo. He had a eister-^jhe is still alive; in her all his virtues were reflected, and those who saw them together can alone imagine how painfiU waa each a parting to a h&u;* so kind nd sensitive as bis. I knew him in the flower d bud • you have known him in the rich rioe fruit, so early gathered in by the Master of the vineyard. I shall only say that his career of sanctity and zeal was in fuH accordance with what alibis college-friends, some now in Victoria and many more at home, had alwavs predicted. From his works you shall kuow him. This church, the Presbytery, the School—these are his noble monuments. We may say as be lies amongst them, " Blessed are tbe dead who die in the Lord, for their works shall follow them." These great works of bis follow him to the last, and cluster round his grave. He bad a worthy successor; tber are now about to rest together, and I feel assured that the future chronicle of Victoria's infant Church will contain no names more honoured than those of Father Brannigan and my beloved friend, Father Timothy O'Kourke. The final obsequies were then chaunted, and amidst the tears of ihe large congregation the coffin was lowered into tbe sacred earth. ST. MONICA'S scnoor., HEIOELBERG. The foundation-stone of the new Catholic Common School of Heidelberg was laid on Sunday, by the Eight Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by tbe ; Vicar-General, Verv R'ev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Rev. W. M. Finn, Pastor of Heidelberg: Rev. G. "V. Barry, St. Francis'; and the Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., of St. Patrick's College. The ceremonial commenced at 3 p.m., and was carried out accordin" to the Rubric. A very large number of spectators assembled on the occasion, the Hon. Messrs. Duffy and O'Grady, M.P-'s, Mr. P. O'Brien, J.P., Mr. Wm. Pattison, and others, heiug prominent in the crowd. When the stone was laid, the Rev. J. O'Malley, S.J., delivered an important address on the question cf religious versus secular education. He said tbe object of that day's proceedings was a grand proof that Catholics were fully alive to the advantages of education impregnated with religion. A collection took place after tbe exhortation, which has materially increased the building fund. The solemn Benediction was given in tbe church by bis Lordship tbe Bishop, which concluded the day's proceedings. The choir of St. Patrick's cathedral generously gave their help. It should also be mentioned that the procession formed by the St. John's Irish Australian Guild, together with tbe children of tbe district, contributed much to the eclat of tbe interesting event. The new school is to be erected on an excellent principle, and Mr. Dakin, of Bourke street, is the contractor. The entire cost of the building will be £500, and as it is a nonvested school the Board of Education have refused to give one sixpence towards its erec- GOOn FRIDAY. The aatiiiai charity sermon in aid cf the Melbourne Hospital will be preached in St. Frauds' Church on Good Friday night, by the Rev. G. V. Barry,-who will no doubt be as successful in pleading the cause cf this noble charity as he has been on former occa- FKAST OF THE ANNUNCIATION.—Saturday last being the Feast of the Annunciation of tbe Blessed Virgin Mary, and a holy day of obligation, Solemn High Mass was celebrated in St. Patrick's Cathedral, at eleven o'clock, the Rev. Dr. Barsanti, O.S.F., officiating as celebrant, tbe Rev. H. England as deacon, and the Rev. P. O'Meara as sub- deacon. Eleven o'clock Mass in St. Francis' Church was celebrated by the Rev. D. Lordan. The Masses in botli churches were celebrated at tbe same hours as on Sundays. PALM SUNDAY.— To-morrow being Palm Sunday, Solemn Pontifical High Mass will be celebrated in St. Patrick's Cathedral, at eleven o'clock, by His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, who will bless the palm branches on the occasion. THE JESUITS IN AUSTBAZIA.—Mr. J. Power, a member of St. Patrick's Catholic Young Men's Society, left for Adelaide a few days since, in order to become a novice in the Society of Jesus, at Seven bills College. Mr. Power is of Irish birth, but was reared and received his early education in Scotland. GEELONG.—It is understood in Geelong that the Bishop intends to visit that town early in Easter week, and a committee has been formed to make preparations for giving the right reverend prelate a suitable reception. Its members include several of the leading Catholics of the town. The local St. Patrick's Society, at its meeting on Tuesday next, will take preliminary steps for joining in the reception. A correspondent says:—The Catholics of Geelong intend to prove to His Lordship the Bishop their devotion to Holy Religion, and their veneration for'himself as Chief Pastor of their adopted country. LENTEN SERMONS.—HisLordsbip the Bishop has been preaching during the past week to crowded congregations in St. Francis' Church. On Sunday evening'the preacher in the Cathedral was»the Rev. James Martin, and on Monday and Tuesday evenings the Rev. Dr. Barsanti,. O.S.F., occupied the pulpit CHRISTIAN BROTHERS.—In a late number apcollected in Gipps Land and Wangaratta in aid .of the Christian Brothers' new Convent and Schools. The total in the former district W«B JE2012S. 6d.; that in the latter, £185 8B. Insubscribing sums BO large the people in these parts of the colony must have acted with very commendable generosity. The Brothers, in handing in the particulars of the collections, desired that, on their part, we should thank Father Byrne, of Gipps Land, and Father Egan, of Wangaratta, for their valuable cooperation, and at the same time thank the contributors for their liberality. This commission we execute with much pleasure, for so much earnestnessand generosity in a good cause should receive special recognition. 