A TERUiBLE j w7 _ . 1 [?] chapibb thb prnwr-ri, i At the steps of I streamed, cat,4aa4 . relic red the eorrowiui loaa : Sir Charles was«S(iJM Hall, and Richard Basaett tamed it» S M triumphant flash of his eye, quickly gnJ| and walked with unpenetrable cwikettZp l studied demeanour, into HighmOTefl1 1 Even here he did not throw offthe mri J peeled off by degrees. He began bjtdWwJI eravely enough, Sir Charles had'metjjl fall, and hb had attended to hiiii, khd taltenO 'hdhib. "j — - — — .... . 1 " Ah, I am $k& you r f Richarf « J Mrs, Bassett. . "And is he veiy badly hil " I am afraid he wQl hardly get ova ft, J never spoke. He just groaned when % J Mm down- from the cart at HoiiteEcoiubQ.n I "Foor Lady Bassett!" , " M I " Ay it Mil a Bad job 1st Bef: I "Yes, dear." I " There is a providence in if. Tfae M t J never have killed Mm ; but his head itauit J upon the ground ; and that tree was one di| very elms he had just cut dovntoribobM "Indeed?" | " Yes : he was felling the rerj haWl timber, and this was one of the d& dss c l hedge. He most have done it eat bf ipftt, J elm- wood fetches no price; it is good in no(|J I know of, except coffins. Well, he his cot M h's." 1 ' . " Foor man Riehard, death itm&to; a| miea. -Surely you can forgive hia mir.''- 1 " I mean to try." I Richard Bassett seemed now to tits yftl the spirit of quicksilver. His occapfal not actual enlarged ; yet, so&thd;# ef seemed full of business. He wis all cosftdl bustle about nothing. He left off ioTepsjl against Sir Charles : and indeed, fiyoawafl those weak spirits to whom oensOriafrktel there is a cheap and easy way fa moffediffi rancour of detraction : you haw orijy to die® me comfort genius in psrtiealar whhthii ! recipe. J Why on one occasion, Basset aehisllj nwi Wheoter for A mere afltLsion, Thtt watty! happened to remark "No more felling o'si on Bassett manor for a whDe." ' ' I "For shame!" said Bichard. ®8ao« his faults, but he had his Mgh-spirited gentleman ; beloted by bsl and respected by all the countiy. " BS®! will find it hard to recewEe Wheeler stared slid tbeh This eulogy was never Charles proved ungrateful ; heomiftw«'®El alL J Attended by first-rate pbyfimW) nursed and watched by Lady Wells, he got better by degrees, sad-ewj of his slow but hopeful prtgreT rTa cated to the servante andthe villigeiJj ladies and gentlemen who wde WJ®. every day, and left their cards of The most attentive of all th j rector, a young riergymsn, living by exchshge. He was both in body and mind j a swurtby J large dark eyes firam the vert glowing admiration ou the W®ow , H| jAdy Bassett. ; i He came every day to mq band 4 and she sometimes minute vjr two, to make herL B person. At otoer times him. That artful gfrl »n diseoTw 1 escaped her mistress' obserriboU' , Tne bulletins were favoara«ei »» all sides. . Riehard Bassett alone i want to see him about agam, Charlea is not toe man really better. Ab for the doctors, bis I follow till riie last moment. f his legs, and then Fll bclitve bfl . Steele say, obligi B Bassett thfa modwate request., _ sunny afternoon, as he was k Vfl domain from " 33ie Heir's a haU door open, andamuffito down the rteps betaremitwo Charles, feeble, but conralt (m the sunny greTBl for then his reuses oonveyed This sight, which S4B0N generous aato>ft iadAea «io»Wh» W he - « nothing «# % see me outt bee « ,¥L ih .M 1 Wells nurtes him, and I WJg $0 without; Curse thewbolfe _re aadjternfidAway m rag a strange fit of j«ak)Ufy< tettations bflore to- . use reproachiug her, ao » . bnt would talk ithummi;- hor k|«5,W«.=y1 — "7 WhvTthe Second day, when he could a«ftak he«eee«ecryiHg %y»h© hedj-mwt- in a whisper,' What are you ©rf < sir,' s»ys I» 1 for you 5 to 806 yu RSI i ghost' 'Then you be wasting of sfflt mot he. 1 1 wish I may, sir,' says J. So ®wr' "i8ed himself up a little bit ; ' Look at "mot he j I'm a Bassett. I am not the, breed differ a crack on the skull, and leave you all T Skb mercy of them that would have no mercy' Xh he meant you, I suppose. So he ordered. 1 toleave crying, which I behooved to pbey, for Xl be master, mind ye, while he have a finger f? Iff poor dear gentleman, he will." And! soon after this, she resisted all his attempts Ostein her, and scudded back to the house, wiDg Baspett to his reflections, which were ex- iuodingly bitter, g Oharlea got better, and, at last, used to Ik daily with Lady Bassett. Their favourite lewll was up and down the lawn, cIobo under the kumdary wall he had built to shut out "The Heir's Walk." (The afternoon sun struck warm upon that wall, jUie walk b,ito side. On the other side a. nurse often carried little Dicky Bassett, the heir, but neither of the .pro- jnenaders could see each other, "for the wall. Sichard Bassett, on the contrary, from "The Heir's Tower," could see both these little parties ; . and, as some men cannot keep away from what puses their pain, he used to watch these loving jjtlfeg, and see Sir Charles get stronger and jtronger, till, at last, instead of leaning on his be loved wife, he could march by her side, or even pve her his arm. Yet the picture was, in a great degree, delusive ; for, except during these blissful walks, when the ion shone on him, and Love and Beauty soothed I jjm, Sir Charles was not the man he bad been. £be shake he had received appeared to have damaged his temper strangely. He became so irritable, that several of his servants left him ; and to his wife he repined ; and his childlesB oondition, which had been hitherto only a deep disappointment, became in his eyes a calamity that outweighed his many blessings. He had now narrowly escaped dying without an heir, and this seemed to sink into his mind, and, co-opera ting with the concussion his brain had received, brought him into a morbid state. He brooded on it, and spoke of it, and got back to it from pvery other topic, in a way that distressed Lady. Bassett nnspeakably. She consoled him bravely ; but often, when she was alone, her gentle courage gave way, and she cried bitterly to herself. Her distress had one effect she little expected ; it completed what her invariable kindness had begun, and actually won the heart of a servant. Those who really know that tribe will, agree with me that this was a marvellous conquest. Yet so it was ; Mary Wells conceived for her a real af fection, and showed it by unremitting attention, and a soft and tender voice, that soothed Lady Bassett, and drew many a silent but grateful glance from her dove-like eyes. , Mary listened, and heard enough to blame Sir I Charles for his peevishness, .and she began to | throw oat small expressions of dissatisfaction at him j but these were so promptly discouraged by the faithful wife, that she drew, in again, and avoided that line. But one day, coming softly, as a cat, she heard Bir Charles and Lady Bassett talking over their . mlamity. Bir Charles was saying that it was i leaven's curse ; that all the poor people in the I vilage had children ; that Bichard Bassett's puny ( Me wife had brought him an heir, and was about to make him a parent again ; he alone was marked oat, and doomed to be the laBt of his race. " And yet," said he, " if I had married any other woman, and you had married any other man, we should have bad children by the dozen, I suppose." Upon the whole, though he said nothing pal pably unjust, he had the tone of a man blaming bis wife as the real cause of their joint calamity, under which she suffered a deeper, nobler, mid I more silent anguish than himself. This was hard I to bear, and when Sir Charles went away, Mary I Wells ran in, with an angry expression on the I tip of her tongue. I She found Lady Bassett in a pitiable condition, I lying, rather than leaning, on the table, with her I hair loose about her, sobbing as if her heart would I break. I All that was good iaMary Wells tagged at her I tart-strings. She flung herself on her knees be- I ode her, and seizing her mistress' hand, and I drawing it to her bosom, fell to crying and sobbing I dong with her. : 1 I This canine devotion took Lady Bassett by I Wprise. She turned her tearful eyes upon her I tjmpatfaising servant, and said, " Oh, Mary !" and I «r soft hand pressed the girl'sharder palm grate- I Uy. I (| M«y spoke first. " Oh, my lady," she sobbed, I it breaks my heart to see you so. And what a I 'Qirne to blame you for what is no fault of yonrn. If I Lit8 0l?r husband, the cradles would soon be I tall in this house : but these fine gentlemen, they I before their time with smoking of tobacco j I d then to come and lay the blame on we !" I 'Mhry, I value yon very much ; more than I «er did a servant in my life : bat, if yon speak I "SJ®8 your master, we shall part." I OhJj lady' wouldn't for 'the world. Sir I 88 a perfect gentleman. Why, he gave sovereign only the other day for nursing of I , but he didn't ought to blame you for no I W A Iurn' an< to mahe yon cry. It tears me I »iA ut 40 8ee yu cry j you that ib so good to I Por wouldn't vex myself for that : I nnfu ' 'twas el way b so ; G-od sends meat to kouse, and mouths to another." I a « u k® patient, if poor Sir Charles waB not I ton fii8hed kady Bassett; " but if ever I it mat a aiT» you will know how wretched I i' til 68 u,8 to 8ee a beloved husband unhappy." I «il J'make him happy," said Mary. I M Oh t only could !" I '1 dona! ®u teH you a way j for I have known toe ' ®Qd now he is as happy as a prince. Yon I Uke th ' ®me men are lke children : to I Wft01 aPPy yu muBb give them their I "ouldn? ' tnd ®» ? 1 was in yar place, I I times T 6 wo bites of a cherry, for some- ' for imn.11, will fret himself out of the world I <(p tou t." 1 forbid!" him, 18 my belief you wonld not be long behind 1 % should If" 1 , And JTrr ?®'1 my MdI V kokaifcki 1 5 tady Bassett drew slightly 1 8 toonA , eotui Mary Wells poured into her M . As for a at made her stare and shiver. B it had kf own face, it was as unmoved as 2 fofo bronze. m h00 and «y®d ber askant " terror. V ' Why u j ?yDU bave dared to say ?" « : 1 11 done every day." " By people of your class, perhaps. No; I drftft believe it» Mwy; I hawo been mistaken in your lam afraid yon areife vicious girl. Leave pfe, please. .1 can't bear the sight of you." Mary went away very red, and the tear in her eye. . . k : / ' ! ' In the evening Lady Bassett gave Maty Wells a month's warning, and Maiy accepted ifc dog gedly, and thought herself very orueUy used. . After tbis mistress and maid did not exchange an unnecessary word for many day s. , This notice to leave was very bitter to Mary Wells : for she was in the very act of making a conquest. Young Drake, a very small farmer, and tenant of Sir Charles, had fallen in lore with her, and she liked him, .andhad resolved he should marry her ; with which view she was playing jthe tender but coy maiden very prettily. But Drake, , though young and very much iu love, was advised by his mother, and evidently resolved to go the old-fashioned way— keep company a year, and know the girl before offering fchb ring. Just before , her month was out, a more seiious trouble threatened Mary Wqlls. ' Her low artful amour with Bichard Bassett had led to its natural results. By degrees, she had gone farther than she intended,- and now the fatal oonsequences looked her in the foee. . . She /quad herself in. au odious position ; for her growing regard for young Drake, though not . a violent attachment, was enough to set her more and more against Bichard Bassett ; and she was preparing an entire separation from the latter, when the fatal truth dawned on her. Then there was a temporary revulsion of feel ing; she told her condition to Bassett, and im plored him, .with many tears, to aid her to disap pear for a time, and hide her misfortune, especially from her sister. Mr.. Bassett heard ber, . and then gave ber an answer that made her blood ran cold. " Why do you come . to me ?" said he. " Why don't you go to the right man, young Drake ?" He then told her he had had her watcbed, and she most not think to make, a fool of him. She was as intimate with the ypung farmer as with him, and was in his company every day. Mary Wells admitted that Drake, was courting her, but said he was a civil respectful young man, who desired to make her his wife. "You have lost me that," said she, bursting into tears ; " and so, for God's sake, prove yourself a man for once, and see me through my trouble." , . The egotist disbelived, or affectednot to believe her, and said, " When there are two, it is always the gentleman ynu girls deceive. But you can't make a fool of me, Mr8.i)(rake. Marry the farmer, and I'll give you a wedding present ; that is all I can do for any other man's sweetheart. I have got my own family to provide for, and it is all I can contrive to make both ends meet." : He was cold and inflexible to her prayers. Then, she tried threats. He laughed at them. Said he," The time is: gone by for that : if ;you wanted to. sue me for breach of promise, you should have done it at once, not waited eighteen months, and taken another sweetheart first. , Dome, come, you played your little game. Yon made me come here week after week, and bleed a sovereign. A woman that loved a man would never have, been so hard on him, as you were on me. I grinned and bore it but, when you ask me to own another man's child, a man . of yonr own sort, that you are in love with— you hate me —that is a little too much no, Mrs. Drake ; if that is your game, we will fight it out— before the public if you like." And, having delivered this with a tone of. harsh and loud defiance, he left her —left her for ever. She sat down upon the cold ground, and rocked berself. Despair was cold at her heart. She sat in that forlorn state for more than an hour. Then she got up, and went to her mistress's room, and sat by the fire; for her limbs, were cold, as well as her heart. She sat there, gazing at the fire, and sighing heavily, till Lady Bassett came up to bed. She then went through her work like an automaton, and every no w and tben a deep sigh came from her breast. Lady Bassett heard her sigh, and looked at her. Her face was altered ; a sort of sullen misery was written on it. Lady Bassett was quick at reading faces, and this look alarmed her. " Mary," said she, kindly, " is there anything the matter ?" He reply. " Are you unwell ?" "Ho." " Are you in trouble ?" " Ay!" with a' burst of tears. Lady Bassett let her dry, thinking ifc would relieve Her ; .and then spoke to her again with the languid penBiveness of a woman who has also her trouble. . " You have been very attentive to Sir Charles, and a kind .good servant to me, Mary." " Yon are mocking me, my lady," said . Mary, bitterly. " Yon wouldn't have turned mp off for a word, if I had been a good servant," Lady Bassett coloimed high, and was silent for a moment. At last bhe said, " I feel it must seem harsh to you. You don't know how wicked it was to tempt me. Bat it iBnot as if you had done anything wrong. I do not feel bound to mention mere words ; I shall give you sin excellent character, Mary : indeed I have. I think I have got a good place for you. I shall know to morrow ; and, when it is Bettled, we will look over my wardrobe together." This proposal implied a boxful of presents, and would have made Mary's dark eyes flash with delight at another time ; but she was past all that now. She interrupted Lady Bassett with this strange Bpeech : " You are very kind, my lady ; wid you lend me the key pf your medicine chest?" Lady Bassett looked surprised, but said, " Cer tainly, Mary," and held out the keys. But, before Mary could take them, she con sidered a moment, and asked her what medicine she required. " Only a little laudanum." "Ho, Mary ; not whiltt.you look like that, and refuse to tell me your trouble. I am your mistress, and must exert my authority for your good. Tell me at once what the matter." " I'd bite my tongue off sooner." " You are wrong, Mary. I am sure I should be your best friend. I feel much indebted -to yon for the J attention' and the affection you have shown me ; and I am grieved, to Zee you so despondent. Make a friend of me. There — think it over; and talk to me again to morrow." Mary Wells took the true servant's view of Lady Bassett's kindness. She looked at it as a trap ; not, indeed, set with malice prepense, bat still a trap. She saw that Lady Bassett meant kindly at present ; bat for ail that, she was sore that, if Bhe told the truth, her mistress would turn against her, and say, " Oh ! I had no idea your trouble arose lantloiyour ovT inua&ebfca;!! if &an; dnkhln'g fwo vioiwfrgiiL She resolved therefore to say nothing, or Oke to tell some lie or other quite wide of the piark. Deplorable, as this young woman's situation , was, the duplicity and coarseness of mind which had brought her into it would have somewhat blunted the inental agony; such a situation must inflict ; but it was aggravated by a special terror ; she knew that, if she was found out, she would lose the only sure friend she had in the world. The fact is, Mary Wells had seen a great deal of life during the two' years she was out of the reader's sight ; Khoda had been very good to her ; had. set her up in a lodging-house, at her earnest request. She misconducted it, and failed : threw it -up in disgust, and begged Khoda to put her in tbe .public line. Bhoda complied. ' Mary made a mess of the public-house. Then Bhoda showed her she was not fit to govern anything, and drove her into service again; and, in that condition, haying no .more cares than a phild, and plenty of work to do, and many a present from Bhoda, she had been happy. , But Bhoda, though she forgave blunder!, in capacity. for business, and waste of money, bad alwaya told her plainly there was one thing she never would, forgive. Bhoda Marsh had become a good Christian in every respect but one. The male rake reformed is rather tolerant ; but the female rake reformed is, as a. rule, bitterly intolerant of female frailty ; and Bhoda carried this female characteristic to an extreme, both in - word and iu deed. They were only half sisters after all : and Mary knew that she would cast, her off for ever if she deviated from virtue so far as to be found out. .. . ,. t .. . M . . t , Besides the general warning, there had been a special one. When she read, Mary's first letter from Huntercombe Hall, Bhoda was rather taken aback at first ; but, on reflection, she wrote to Mary, saying she could stay there on two condi tions : she must be discreet, and never .mention her sister. Bhoda in the house, and she must not be tempted to renew her acquaintance with Bichard Bassett. " Mind," said he, " if ever you speak to that villain, I shall hear of it, and I shall never notice you again." This was .the galling present and the dark future, which had made so young and unsenti mental a young woman as Mary Wells think of suicide for a monient or two ; and it now deprived her of her rest, and next day kept her thinking ; and brooding all the time her now leaden limbs were carrying her through her menial duties. The afternoon was sunny, and Sir Charles and Lady Bassett took their usual walk. Mary Wells went a little way with them, look ing very miserable. Lady Bassett observed, and said kindly, " Mary, you can give me that shawl, I will not keep you ; go where you &like; till five o'clock." Mary never said so much as "Thank you." She put the shawl round her mistress, and then went slowly back. She sat down en the stone steps, and glared stupidly at the scene, and felt very miserable and leaden. She seemed to be etuek in a sort of slough of despond, and could not .move in any direction to get out of it. ...... While she Bat in .this sombre reverie, a gentle man walked up to the door, and v<ary Wells lifted her head and looked at him. notwithstand ing her misery, her eyes rested on him with some admiration, for he was a model of a man : six feet high, and built like an athlete. His face was oval, and his skin dark, but glowing ; his hair, eyebrows, and long eye-lashes black as jet ; his -grey eyes large and tender. He was dressed in black, .with a white tie, and his clothes were well cut, and seemed superlatively so, owing to the importance and symmetry of the figure thay covered. It was the new vicar, Mr. Angelo. He smiled on Mary graciously, and tasked her how Sir Charles was. She said he was better. Then Mr. Angelo asked more timidly, was Lady Bassett at home. " She is just gone out, sir." A look of deep disappointment crossed Mr. Angeio'e face. It did not escape Mary Wells. She looked at him full, and, lowering her voice a little, said " She is only in 'the grounds, with Sir Charles. She will be at home about five o'clock." Mr. Angelo hesitated, and then said he;would call again at five. , He evidently preferred a duet to a trio. He then thanked Mary Wells with . more warmth than . the occasion seemed to call for; and retired very slowly: he had come very quickly. Mary Wells looked after him, and asked herself wildly, if she could not make some use of him and his manifest infatuation. But, before her mind could fix on any idea, and indeed before the young clergyman had, taken twenty steps homewards, loudvoioes were heard down the shrubbery. These were followed by an agonised scream. Mary Wells started up, and the young parson turned ; they looked at each other in amaze ment. Then came wild and piercing cries for help, — in a woman's voice. The young clergyman cried oat " Ser voice ! her voice!" and dashed into the shrubbery with a speed Mary Wells had never seen equalled. He had won the OO-yards race at Oxford in his day. The agonised screams were repeated, and Mary Wells screamed in response as she ran towards the place. — From CasselUs Magazine . Melbourne agent : Geo. Robertson. (TO BE CONTIMTJED.) Love iz the fuBt pashunov the heart, ambishun the second, and avarice the third, end last. Patience will tire out anything but- musketoes. Deference is silent flattery. The chains ov slavery are none the less gaoling for being made ov gold. The love that a man gains by flattery iz worth just about az much az the flattery iz. " Happy as a king" it a libel on happiness and on the king tew. If yon will be familiar, you must expect tew lose the confidence ov fools, and the esteem of the wise. Learning is a good deal like sirength. It requires good boss senBe tew know how tew apply it. Grate men are notbi enny means the bBst of companyuns, they seldom kan ever enjoy themselfs. Impudence is nothing more then open hypokrsBy. About the most we kan hope in our old age iz to endure the thought- ov what we en joyed when we was young. There- iz only one good substitute for the endearments or s sister, and that iz the endearments of some other phelier's sister.— Josh BtM≱, 