THE NEWS OF THE HAY. Notwithstanding the many rumors and utatemonts that Mr. Duffy had failod in his task of forming an Administration, wo aro in a position to state that snch is not tho fact, but that he will probably this morning submit to his Excellency tho Governor the names of the gontlemen who hnve agreed t.i accept offices in tho now Ministry. Mr. Duffy will be Premier, and amongst tho Ministers ; will probably be found Messrs. Grant, Berry, Longmore, G'Grady, Gillies, and Spensloy, and cither Mr. M'Dellan or Mr. Macgregor. Mr. Casey has also been named, bnt with less certainty. The list with tho distribution of offices is not defini tively olosed, but no reasonable grounds exist for apprehending a break-down. No time will bo lost in swearing in the new Ministers, and tho writs for tho elections rendered necessary by their acceptance of office will be at once issued, so that as short a delay as possiblo may take place in tho business of tho colony. The members of tho Volunteer Land War rant Board held another meeting yesterday, to consider tho claims sent in. As tho whole of these are now to hand it is probable that the labors of the board will be bronght to an early termination, and their roport sent in to the Government. The members of the Ministry wero bnsily engagod yesterday in clearing up tho bnsi- ncrs cf the various departments, and also in preparing the despatches to be sent to tho Agent-General by the outgoing mail. H.M. steam sloop Basilisk has rocoivod instructions from tho commodore to prooocd to Sydney to effect repairs. She loavos this port to-day. Tho brief calendar flt tho Mqlbourni) Criin-. inal Sessions was finished yesterday, boforo Mr. JnBtioe Williams, in tho Old Court House. Daniel. Lawlor, tho late Custom House looker, coavicted on Thursday of re ceiving a large quantity of opium, stolon from Teale's bond, was now placed in tbo dock on the chargo of stealing 200 casos of kerosene from the stores of Peter M'Ewan and Co. He pleaded guilty of receiving in this case, and was sentenced to threo years' hard labor for the offence, in addition to fonr years for the othor convietion. Frodk. Vian, an East Indian, was oonvictod of in- deoontly assaulting his stopdanghtor, a little girl, and received a sentcnoo of threo years' hard labor. There was no room for doubt as to tho prisoner's guilt, and tho caso was ono which made it a matter of regret that the applioation of tho lash to eneh offondoro hadnot beon logalisod. Edward Doghorty, oon victod of stealing a horso from Mr. W. l&ungo;, of Tooborao, roccivod a sontODao of four yearB hard labor, in addition to another sentence ho is undergoing. Tho following prisoners, who pleadod guilty tho day bo- fore, were sentenced : — John Young, throe forgeries, threo years for each offenco ; Chas. Johnson, forgery, threo years ; Margaret M'Dermott, concealing the birth of a child, six months. George Stewart was arraigned for a larceny at Deep Creek, but his Honor direotod the jury that there was no caso, and in fact it appeared . ovidont that tho prisoner should only have boon proceeded against by civil proooss. He was disoharged. The trials of Bobocca Dawson, ohargod with perjury, and Thomas Mylos, with murder, were postponed nntil the noxt sessions. Tho frosh summonses issued against Charles Wright, of tho Colosseum ; Isaao Coleman, of th'o Continental Cafo ; and Wil liam Gould, of the Oriental Cafo, all Bourko- streot; for allo wing a portion of thoir licensed houses to bo nscd for a concert, dancing) or theatrical saloon, woro rotnrnablo for hear ing before tho licensing bonoh yesterday. Mr. Dunne, who had beon ongaged for tho defendants, was occupied in proseouting for the Crown at the Criminal Sessions, and was thorcforo unable to attend. Mr. Casey, who appeared on tho same side, asked for an adjournment, and as Inspector -Kabat made no objeotion, it was deoided to adjonrn tho 00808 until Thursday wook. The report of the board recently appointed to inquire into the alleged ohargos against Mr. Clow, P.M., at Stoiglitz, has bconfor- wardod to the Govornmont, but at present no decision has been arrived at. A meeting of the council of the Accli matisation Society was hell at their offioo, 30 Swanston-street, yostorday afternoon. Present : Dr. Black (president), Mr. Venablos, Dr. . Joseph Black, Count do Cos- tlonau, Dr. Pugh, and Mr. Moule. A report was read from the Silk Supply Association of London, received by tho lost mail through the Agent-General, on the subject of a Bmall parcel of cocoonB purchased by tho society and transmitted to the association some months ago. The cocoons in question havo boon condemned as having bat littio com mercial value ; they woro grown from graino which has been some yoars in tho colony," and havo nothing to do with tho Japanoso seed distributed by the society some months ago; bnt tho report is most valuablo as show ing the nccossity of only growing silk from tho best eggs procurable. The eamo amount of labor and trouble is involved in producing bad as good Bilk. The society is in commu nication with Mr. Brady, of Sydney, on this subject. Soveral interesting ' letters on the subject of sorioulturo, from Mr. Brady, wqre road. The prcsidont of tho society; who has just returned from Sydnoy, laid boforo the council a moss of useful infor mation given to hitn by Dr. Bonnott and Mr. Joubort, of Sydnoy, on tho subject of seri culture. Valuablo reports on Bilk oulturo in Japan, by Mr. Adams, secretary to her Majesty's legation in that country, wero ro- oeivod through tho courtesy of tho Chief Ssorotary, and can bo examined by any persons interested in sericulture at tho offioo of tho sooioty. The proposed Amandod Gamo Act is now ready, and will bo laid before Parliament at as early a date as pos sible. A number of deor will be shortly sent to Gipps Land for liberation in tho rungos of that district. Two emus have been lately received for the eooioty's eolloction at tho Koyal Park, from Dr. Dunn, of Mary borough. A little boy about ton yoars of age, named William Johnston, was brought boforo tbo City Court yesterday as a neglected child, and his appearance certainly bore out tho de claration. IIo had beon arrested in tho street by constable Dolton, who had noticed him near the 'bus office tolling a most piteous tale to some gentlemen in order to induoo them to gi vo liim money. Tho boy told the con stable himself different and conflicting tales. He appeared to havo a redundancy of aunts, one living in Sandridgo and ono in Fitzroy, bat a search for tho latter was unsuccessful. His parents wero dead. Tho boy was re manded for sovon days, and directions givon that tho Sandridge aunt should be found and brought forward, unless she should provo to bo cither a myth or as difficult of discovery as tho othor. Tho third-olass passengers by tho steam ship Somersetshire wero released yesterday from quarantine, and brought up from tho sanatory station by the stcamtug Sophia, to the Sandridge Railway Pier, whoro they wero landed, and convoyed to town by train. A new oyster bed has, according to the Hobart Town Mercurifj - been discovered re cently at Cloudy Bay on tie southern ex tremity of South Bruni Island, near tho lighthouse. The bod, writes our contem porary, has already boon proved by Mr. Whitehouso and :two othor fishermen, and as the result of their labors several good takes have been made, and our local epicures havo had their palates regaled daring the past woek or ten days with unusually line oysters. The new bod ib, we regret to loam, of rather limited extent, and is therefore in danger of being overworked and destroyed, as has already been the case in too many instances in regard to our finest oyster beds. It is to bo hoped that, in the present instance, Go vornmont will adopt such measures as will provont the destruction of the newly dis covered bod, which, if properly managed, would soon yield an abundant supply of this delicate shell fish. Tho passengers por tho immigrant ship Star of India wore landed yesterday at tho Williamstown Railway Pier, and conveyed thcnco to Melbourne by train. An ancient woman, whoso, physiognomy and dress donated that she belonged to a past generation, but who, in virtue of her ntm i, could lay claim to perpetual youth, made hor appearance ia the City Court yesterday. Her name was Elizabeth Young, and she had boon found in tho streets in a state of intoxi cation, and behaving in a very . uproarious manner. She stated that she had walked in from Templcatowe for the purpose of finding work ; hut the sergeant, when asked for in formation regarding her, said that she at tended the court about ton tin e 3 a year to answer charges of drunkenness. The benoh, not wishing .to balk the old woman in her desire for work, disoharged her, with a recommendation to retnrn from whence she eamo, before worso trouble should befall hor. Tho friendB of Mr. Harconrt are taking active steps to Beeuro his return for the Cen tral Province in opposition to the hon. A. Michio, who haa made no sign as yet beyond issuing his address to the eleotors. Last night Mr. Harcou.-t's supporters held four meetings for the organisation of oommittees to secure his return, viz., at St. Patrick's Hall, Polytechnic Hall, Court House Hotel, Hotham, and the Carlton Club Hotol, corner of Cardigan and IGrattan streets. At eaoh of these places influential committees were formed for the purpose of seeming Mr. Har- court's return, and arrangements wore made for an active canvass of the various dis tricts. An exhibition of maternal cruelty was presented by the appearance of a little girl, about ten years of ago, named Elizabeth Ferris, who having been most shamefully beaten by her mother, had run to the police for protection, and was brought by them be fore the City Court yesterday. The girl was a nice looking little child, but her face was much disfigured by bruises and cuts which had been caused by her mother beating her with an iron bar across the head. She lived in Blue Post-lane, an alley running off Little Collins-street. A woman named Catherine Jerrold interfered to prevent the mother seriously hurting the child, and took her with her and by the advice of a friend gave her into the care of the police. The girl had two elder sisters, one of whom was in the Abbotsford Reune and the other was upon the town, and a short time ago received three months' imprisonment for insulting behavior. Two younger children were liv ing at home in an atmosphere which will in all probability lead to the same result as in the cases of the other children. The mother was brought up in the court to give some evidence, and she appeared to be very little affected by the injury she had done to her child. The bench ordered her to be taken into custody on a charge of assaulting the girl, and remanded her until Monday next. The Croxto'n Park race 'mooting, which was postponed from last Saturday on ac count of the weather, will take placo this afternoon, and should it provo fine thoro is every possibility of somo good sport. The first ovent, a Hurdle Raco, will take placo at half-past one, after which is the event of tho day, a Steeploohoso, which will no donbt bo closoly contested by tho horses entered. Tho remainder of tho programme consists of a Selling. Flat Race, a Trotting Match, and a Soiling Steopleohase. _ Amongst the applications for publicans' licences at tho liconsing mooting yesterday was ono by Daniel Dwyor, for Famuli's Hotol, 12 Bourko-streot west. At tho last meeting a liconoo was refused for thie to a man named Sullivan. Mr. Stephen, who appeared for tho applicant, asked for an adjournment. He explained that ho had boon instructed to employ counsel, and had engagod Mr. G. P. Smith, who had beon so dissatisfied by tho fate his arguments met with in tho caso of the Varioties, that he had thrown up his brief. Mr. Casey, who acted for tho opposition, under tho circam- stanoos withdrew any objeotion he had, and agreed to a postponement. The bench ad journed tho caso until Thursday weok. Tho second quarterly mooting of tho City Lioonsing Bonon (Messrs. S urt, P.M., Pin. nock and tho Mayor) was held yesterday. There wore forty-throe applications for pub licans' licences. Of this number twonty- nine woro granted, fonrteon postponed, two refused and two withdrawn. Amongst the lattor was an applioation by Adam Ploek for tho Mistletoo Hotel, Mackenzio- strcot, Carlton, tho publiohouso for which an aotion is now ponding against Charles Wright, of the Coloaacum, for having a benofioial in terest in. Two applications for wino liconocs, and threo for grocers' licences, wore granted. One of the most inoorriuikla of thn inmm larrikin (writes tho Ballarat Evening Post) is John Dermoody, who boasts of as many aliases as otherB far oldor in years and crime. No sooner is ho allowed to tasto tho " sweets of liberty" than he infringes upon tho law, and is sent baok again to > his quarters, tho interior of hor Majesty's gaol. This gaol bird was onco mora arraigned before the eastern bench upon a ohargo of having Btolen a pair of tronsers from a tailor named. Waterman. During the examination of a witness named Eaves, to whom tho prisoner had Bold the trousers, tho prisoner endeavored to provo that ho had stolen the articles for tho wit- no3s. This tho witness denied, whereupon Dermoody gavo oxprosBion to his feelings in languago more forcible than select. Mr. Gaunt, in Bontonciag the prisoner to threo months' imprisonmont (tbo seventh sen tence), remarked that he was sorry the act did not ompowor him to order hard labor, which would doubtless altor his opinion of prisonlifc. Whenloavingtho court, Dermoody kindly offered to "toss" tho magistrate "double or quits," whether ho should bo incarcerated for six months, or allowod to go scot free. An apparent attempt at bribory upon the part of a man namod Denis Foeney, an ap plicant for a publican's lioonco, was brought under the notico of tho liconsing bonch yesterday. Tho application was for the transfer of the licence of tho Antrim Arms Hotel, Quoon-stroet, from Mrs, Black, tho holder of tho lioonoe, to Foonoy. It ap peared that Mr. Martin Evans, the revonne mspeotor, had afforded somo assistance to Mrs. Black, a poor woman who had been suddenly left a widow. Feenoy evidently oonsidored. that Mr. Evans had taken all tho troublo upon his aocount, and deter mined to reward his kindness. In ordor to avoid any suspicion of bribory he delicately made a present of £3 to tho daughter of Mr. Evans. Tho following lottor was ad dressed to Mrs. Evans, dated 27th May: — " I take tho liborty of enclosing you a sum i of £3 as a presont to Miss Evans which I soon some short time ago with her father, Mr. Evans, some time ago in Swanston- street. I would like if Mr, Evans would bo kind enough to call somo day soon, as 1 would like to havo a talk with him. I re main yours truly, D. Feency, Queen-street." Mr. Evans, howovcr, did not appreciate the compliment, and immediately handed tho money and tho lottor over to the mayor. Feoney stated that he had no intention ot attempting bribory, but had. only meant tho money as an acknowledgment of the trcublo takon by Mr. Erons. Mr. Sturt said that if tho bench did not mark their sense of attempts of that kind to influence officers in their duty, they would not bo protecting them. They therefore refused the lioonco ; but not wishing to punish tbo man too severely, they would allow him to apply at tho next licensing mooting. The man Iincung unat nis ueiieaseiy uuureu pre sont had produced snch consequences, at tempted to get tho money baok, but turned rather bluo at learning that tho £3 had been given to the Blind Asylum. The Governmont have consented to re duce tho £20 fino inflicted on Mr. J. B. Taylor, at tho St, Kilda Police Court, eome few months ago, for having tho word "auctioneer" over his place of. business, whon he had no auctioneer's licence, to £1. A correspondent draws onr attention to tho importnnco of having a portion of our agricultural lands laid down with sugar beet. Ho says :: — " I havo mode an experiment on my farm at Esscndon, and tho result haa beon highly gratifying, for, without manure, roots havo boon produced woighing from 15 lb. to 17 lb. caoh, and from land which has been cultivated for tho last twenty years. I consider this proof positive that a oompany,with capital, undertaking themanu- facturo of sugar from beet could easily ob tain abundance of roots at very little cost, for in my opinion they can bo profitably grhwn at 15s. per ton. I havo ajso obtained mangolds from tho samo iand woighing from 26 lb. to 30 lb. each." This should operate as an encouragement to speculators seeking now openings for investment. A looal land board is to sit at Stawell on the 28th inst. There were 167 births in tbo metropolis and suburbs daring the weok ended the 10th inst. Tho deathB were 77. All tbo districts continue to be reported .on ' fa vorably. In tho County Court, yesterday, Judge Pohlman granted probate to the wills of Wm. Brealy (£40), and James W. Vivian (£25). _ RofFs invention, known as tho marine self- registering weighing machine, a report of a model of whioh appeared in The Age of the 7th inst., was experimented with at Foots- oray yesterday, in the presence of Captain M'Meckan, Mr. Darling, M.P. (of Adelaide), Mr. Patteson (coal merchant), and a few other gentlemen. The object eought to be attained by the inventor has been the produc tion of a machino which wiU itself register the weight of a cargo, or any portion of it, M it is put into a' vessel; the weight being indi cated by a hand moving on a dial, connected, of course, with the machine. Yesterday the instrument had bcen_ fixed on a lighter of twenty-five tons, lying off tho Victorian Meat Preserving Company's factory. On the party arriving at tho scene of operations, it was ascertained that there was a considerable quantity of _ ballast,, seven tons aooording to the inetrument, on board. Mr. Iteff, who, with Mr. t». Simmonos, his assistant, and Mr. Dale, patent agent, was present, offered to have a ton or more taken out and weighed on Bhore, when tho party would be ablo to jndgo for themselves as to whether the instrument would indicate correctly. Tho party, how- over, adopted the simple plan of having thjir weight taken on shore, and then gojRg on tho lighter. It was found that tho instrument on the lighter registered their weight very closely. Tho party then stepped ashore ono by one, and, as each got off the registering hand gavo a jump, smaller or larger according to the weight of the po r ties. So far tho invention worked to thjo satisfaction of all presont, for there was every oxcuso for its not indicating tho exact weignt I I (1.0 Dirty, inasmuch as it had merely been \- I nn roneWy. The question then arose Iff, whether it could be adjusted in an W 1„ vessel, or whether a certain , proper- .®P of dead weight would havo to bo taken board before the adjustment could bo on The inventor stated that it could bo Stcdeven in an empty vessel, but, as Zo gentlemen present who purposed pur- Cine an intorost m tho invention m the profits being a ptaoticablo one, desired farther ossuran oo on that very important S it was agreed to have another trial on afatardday. . A fracas ooourred on Friday afternoon (mts tho Courier), about throo oclook, at h/corner. It arose out of a quarrel bo- SL. two speculators named Alexander Mcdonald, known to fistio fame, andono tos Clarke, one of tho tributera at No. 2 wit of the Band and Albion Consols. It ' l«rs from what transpired that Clarke 'Tbcon a ooiwidorable loser on the foot- r»co between Sansom and Watson, and lILyr others to Maodonald. About the Zo mentioned the two men met, when Plarke bogan to abuse the other with sundry .reportable epithets, aoouaod Macdonald j haViDg swindled him, and threatened to 7 nut hiih into Mr. Magee'a establishment, I where ho had, said Clarke, been beforo. Macdonald denied the imputation in strong terms, and soizod Clarke by the collar of ; fa, coat, and tho men hit oaoh other, Clarke making threo kioks at his opponent, one of which took effoot ia a dangerous part. So ? excited' wore a number of the witnesses of : this fool play, that Clarke was on tho point of being severely punished by those sur- 3 rounding, when a constable made his ap- | oearanco, and the men woro separated by J one or two bystanders, after Macdonald had aetaovcral marks on Clarke's countenance. Vhen the latter was asked why ho kiokod, he replied that he would do it again to aDV m man who took him by the throat. At longth tho combatants dopartod, and tho largo rrnwd Gradually diverted their attention to , speech by Mr. W. C. Smith, M.L.A., on tho political situation, followod by a consi derable quantity of chaff. An application for a publican's licence for tho Hokitika Hotel, Leiooetor-atroot, by Henry M'Donald, was made at tho meeting of the licensing bench yesterday. It was opposod by Inspector Kabat, who described tae houso as not worthy tho namo of hotel, and as bping a dirty, filthy, tumbledown oot- tagc. It contained only four rooms, and had formerly boon called the Noah's Ark, whon it was notorious for rows constantly ooour- ring there. Sinoe the occupation by tho appli cant tho cliarao'.or of the liouse was greatly changed. It was urged, npon the other tide that great hardship would be infliotod bv refusing tho lioonce. The npplioant was in bad health, and had a largo family to sup port, and had embarked his capital in the hoase. It was admitted tnac trio nouso was not in good condition, but it having pro- I Tiously been licensed, it was contended that s it might again be lioensed. Tho bench held fiuit tho honso was unfit for an hotel, and ij refused the application. "4 A ease of boots containing fiftoen pairs of now bluchers was discovered by tho police | a day or' two baok, under oircumstonoes ?! which lorl them to tho beliof that the pro perty had been stolen. On Thursday last detectives Daly and Mnokay, from certain 1 information they had received, went to a lodging-house in Little Bourke- strebt, and ?! discovered there, concealed underneath the sola, a case of boots. The landlady denied I any knowledge of its having been, placed 'i there, and tho doteatives took it and com- ?! menecd to examine the contents. While 5 engaged doing so a man named Henry ?! Shuto came into the house, and claimed the ?! boots as bis. He stated that ho had picked ' them up in the street, (bat tho detectives, not 3\. considering his explanation satisfactory, took | him into custody on a ohargo of stealing !7 them, The man was brought before the < City Court yesterday, and romanded for sevon days, in order that an owner might be «j foundjfor the property. s? Four yonng girls, their ages ranging from ?i twelvoto. sixteen, wero brought boforo the si East Collingweod Court yesterday for aota of j depravity of a very shocking nature. Con- stablo M'Ginty observed them on Thursday jij evening in company with a party of larrikins on the waste ground opposite tho Omnibus 1 Company's stabloB, in Brunawick-street. The conatablo got within hearing of them without being noticed, and was able to testify to tho disgraceful impropriety of the talk that .tho pafty kept up.' Ho made a dart from his concealment and sucoocdod .a ia catching tho two youngest of tho girls, i j but thq larrikins all got away. M'Ginty, ? ! of course, took his prisoners to the watoh- : house, whither they wore followed by the i other two girls, calling him names. Ho ? locked all four up. The magistrates yes- ! terday remanded them to. the Fitzroy ' ?! court. Tho Thoatro Royal was crowded in every ! part last night, when Mr. Harwood took his benefit, The entertainments pommonoed with ?! tho Spitallields Weaver, in which tho character of Simmons was taken by Mr. i Coppin, and played in his most humorous manner. . This was followed by a revival of i the Flying- Scud, with Mr. Harwood as Mo ? ? Davis of courae. Tho famous Derby sceno ?ij was as boisterous in its fun as of yore, and ;j when tho curtain fell upon it Mr. Harwood ? cime out in response to a call. lie thanked all present for their patronago, and expressed a hope that the liborality shown to the manage ment oi Harwood and Co. would be con tinued to their successor. This sentiment was received with loud cries of hear, hear and cheers. Mr. Harwood also roferrod j to tho statement that hb was going away, : I and said that ho did not know how it arose, j inasmuch as he had no present intention of ? .! leaving the people of Melbourne, who had ? always treated him very well. Ho then re- ; J; turned his thanks once more, and retired 4 amidst hearty applause. In consequenoe of t the continued illncBS of Mr. Rogers, Mr. ! ! Milne appeared as Nat Gosling in the Flying -I Send, and gave a very creditable rendering of || the part. This ovening Mr. Coppin's ma- nagement will bo inaugurated, with a repeti- ??4 tionof the Spitalfiolda Weaver and Flying J Scud. Between the pieces Mr. Coppin will s deliver an address with reference to his ar- ?;! langements. Mr. Frank Husscy opens at St. George's | Hall this evening, with a minstrel troupe, ,?! comprising most of tho momberB of Mr. ;.'j Weston's late company and some additions. A Theprogrammo will include tho Ghost in a Pawnshop, and a novel terpBichoreau disploy , called tho pedestal dance, now very popular inAmorica. ! Ax adjourned meeting of gentlemen interested | in the formation of a company to work tho new ;i pitat improved vacuum process, took place yes- today, at Mr. Perry's rooms. The tins that ? vere opened havo fully stood tho test that is con- lidertd nocossary, and the tasto was all that could bo desired. 