ODE TO A MART (I) N. By the Ghost of John Keats. My head aches, and a drowsy numbness pains My sense, as though of bunkum I had drunk, Or emptied some drugged spirit to the drains, I Or bitten off an opium ball a " chunk " ! "Pis not that I've been drinking to thv lot. Or chewing to thy cheekiness, Thou plump round marvel of our Ministries That in a cozy spot Of ruddy tape and noodles numberless Drinkest thy claret in full-throated ease ! 0 for a draught of vintage that hath been Cool'd a long age in the deep-delved earth, Tasting of Fallon and the country -green, Dance, and loud Albury song, and monkish mirth ! 0 for a beaker full of the warm South Full of the true — the blushful Hippocrene, With jolly bubbles winking at the brim, And purple-stained mouth ; That I might drink and flout the world unseen, And, like thee, fade away in wine-vaults dim ! Fade far away, dissolve, and quite forget What thou among thy briefs, hast never known, The want of coin, the bailiffs, and the fret Here, where I sit who own one coat alone ; Where Mother Raddles pulls my poor grey hairs ; Where " tick " is not, and money quickly flies ; Where but to think is to be full of sorrow And seedy -featured cares ; Where Hebrews come and stare with foggy eyes ; And Darlinghurst may be my home to-morrow ! Vide " Ode to a Nightingale," by Keats. Away ! away ! for I will fly to thee, Not charioted by Bacchus and his pards, But on the viewless wings of Poesy, For well I know thou lovest Austral bards ! One rhymer basks already in thy light ; And haply, now the Moon is on her throne, He's busy grinding sonnets in thy praise ; But then he don't get " tight " Like me who often stagger, brandy -blown, By azure "traps" and gloomy- guttered ways ! I can't then see what stones are at my feet, Nor do I know a sewer from a house, But in thick darkness roll and guess each street, With grand indifference to next day's rows. The kerb, the lamp-post, and the "peeler " wild, Blue " bobbies " and the chaffing cabmen fine, Red faces girt with ruddy handkerchiefs, By public-houses piled, The coming morrow and its dawning "shine," Not one of these my glorious spirit grieves ! Martin, I'm waiting ; and this long long time I have been yearning for an easeful berth ; Called thee soft names in many a musd rhyme And dubbed those worthy who have little worth ; Now more than ever seems it rich to try To live upon the public with no pain, While thou art pouring forth thy " bosh " abroad — Thy old " Retrenchment " cry ! Still would'st thou " yarn," while I without a brain Would loaf : a wretched Government clerk — a clod. Thou wast not born a "flat," thou old, old bird ! Thy flaunting feathers mock life's ups and downs ; The voice I hear this very month was heard In ancient days by burly Bobby Towns : Perhaps the selfsame yarn that found a path Through the sad heart of Parkes when sick for pay He stood in tears amid his iron pots — That bunkum oft-times hath Gulled bygone quorums deeply day by day, And wheedled votes from palaces and cots ! i Wheedle ! the very word is like a bell j To toll me back from thee to my sole self ! Adieu ! alas, I cannot coax so weil As thou, thou unctuous, large, deceiving elf ! Adieu ! adieu ! thy portly presence fades Past the near corner, over the Tank Stream, Up Hunter-street, and now 'tis buried deep In snug official shades : Was it a vision, or an ugly dream? Gone is that Figure : — do I wake or sleep ? 