GALLEY SAVES.- Tvpesetters. WHAT vegerable is most like a teetotaller I -The pot-luter. CA.NDLE MAKERS should, never, employ nea Ioud of bathing--they are sure to take no ends of dilps. Wni is a pig with a twisted tail like the. ghost in "Hamlet?"--Be?ause it could a tail unfold. WHAT is it that nobody wants, yet' no oaly likes to lose !-A lawsuit. WVHEsn are soldiers like writers for the lres!--When they charge by the column.. As rishwomnan, in her will, oirdered her lesly to be burned after death, as she was afraid of beiug buried alive. Go HonE -A witness in a case of aseault and battery, when asked what he said, ':rlied, "I said to him, with: the toe of my boot, Ctie home "i Si tlrrxS GnouNdD:n-".Mrs. Grimes, lend me your tebh?"-" Can't do it-all the hoops are 'ill-it's full of sudsr; besides, I never had one-I wakhes in a barreL" 'n SARnP LAWYER THAT.--The lawyer who ifilm a bill, shaved, a note, cut an acquaintance, aplit an hair, made an entry, got up a case, framed niudicsment, impanelled a jury, put them into a nbu, nailel a witness, hammered a julge, and Inrml a whole court, all in one .day,' has since laid dicwn law and turned carpenter. SNEVERt \VLL.-An old stagor was com plled by his worthy sionse to "join the,;cold w?ter army," which he did, plromising never. to tuch a drop of anytling elre, except in sickness. He has never been well since. Woir is a sweet scent like a blind alley 1 -Because it is a nose treat (no street). ,; WaY. de parents send for the doctor when ,their children have a bad cough--Because they ear it may be U P (hoopy). .A FRExci ' barber's sign reads tlhus "To ;orrow the publie 'will be shaved' gratuitously." Of course it is always 'to-mnrrow.' A YANKEE editor bhas had"his pistol stolen. He advertises.to give the thief the con tents and no questions asked if he w ll return it. S' "YVIL you dake sumdingT said a Ger ian teetotaller to a friend while stancing near a tvern-- I don't care if I do,' was the reply. 'Yell, den, let us dake a valk i' ; 'COUNTER ATTRACTION. -A 'handsome 1ohnpman. 'P.AADnoxs.-- How ms:ny. fin'geri's belengs to man who "double:" his fists? What is th difi?rence between a cowslip and a bull-rush ? OVERt the dosr of the edlitrs tooum at. the New Yo .k "Tribune" lice, there ,is luotedl,. in late characters, this aitrounceument: "'Posi tivety uno Admittanceu until after two ' o'clock, ex ceplt to whip the Elit,,rs. 