DEBATE ON THE BORDER QUESTION. ? w Twenty- three members of the Assembly — including the Ministers of course — have approved of the failure to settle the Border Question. They have approved of the refusal to renew the present treaty and of the refusal to continue it, for the pur pose of collecting reliable statistics, as a preliminary to a satisfactory settlement, in place of (to repeat the admission of our delegates,) ' the partial and imperfect ac counts kept by the officers of the Custom Houses established on the Murray.' Most of those twenty-three members must have been totally unaware of the real purport of Sir James Martin's motion — careless or un conscious as to whether the Premier meant to reimpoae the Border duties or accept, presently, what they then declared he did right to refuse at the Conference. Their vote might, as Sir James Martin said, give ' the Victorian Government' an opportunity to come down with another offer.' It might imperil the Government. Or it might simply complicate the relations of the two colonies and ruin Riverina. But these twenty-three brave fellows, with not the least hesitation, without guessing what the probable consequences of their votes would be, rushed into division — and their confidence, as it turned out, was per fectly justified for none of these alterna tives is likely to result from the divi sion. Victoria will scarcely come down with another offer, seeing that she has made two apparently reasonable ones al ready, while we have simply called out, 'stand and deliver .£100,000;' nor are the relations of the two colonies or the interests of Riverina likely to be altered or imperilled by reason of the approval of a negation by a majority of- — two. The arguments of Sir James Martin cannot have had much effect in bringing about this majority, nor that jumbled sta tistical statement, two months after date, of the Treasuier. Sir James Martin's speech was not conclusive — nor was the attestation of our ' speechless' Treasurer. Sir James Martin, it is evident, relied on a very bold assertion to carry him through the difficulties which his brag and folly had involved him in — an assertion which has been everywhere received with incre dulity or suspicion. In speaking of the attitude assumed by the Victorian delegates at the Conference the Premier declared that ' We were told from the very first that it TITO Of HCfamOC* Ts'hi* itn -rs\\. s\ -wr *-» av-*4» *?* -w*-« -w I « u. ..«» _ __ more than £60,000. At the very outset we were told point blank that the Victo rian Government would not, could not, or dare not give us any more — that they ? would jeopardise their position if they did any thing of the sort. This being the case it appeared to us,' he.said, 'that there was nothing for us to do except to draw up a Memorandum with the view of placing: our views on record, so that there could be no misunderstanding.' But there is no allusion whatever in the Memorandum to this — this statement, made so positively, flatly contradicts the Memorandum itself. If the Victorian delegates made such a rash, such an outrageous declaration, why did it not appear in the Memorandum of our delegates ? Was it not much more impor tant than any fact or assertion which that document contains? Why after such a declaration, made at the very opening of negotiations, did our delegates sit in mock discussion over the Border Duties, parti cularly when they had laid statistics (vide speeches) before the Conference to show that 'we are entitled to £100.000?' Why did we never hear of it till they are put upon trial for not having prolonged the discussion — till long after they had been publicly condemned for having been, themselves, defiant, imperious, and abrupt ? In concealing such a declaration Sir James Martin would have been guilty of grosser folly than any he committed at the Con ference ; besides generously forgiving the man who made a fool of him— of which latter folly all his friends will freely absolve him. Taking into account the critical si tuation of the Ministry, how keenly our defeated egotist must have felt his own position, and remembering the tact and adroitness shown by Mr. Duffy at the Conference, we cannot help disbelieving the# whole statement — we cannot help dis believing it though it is a statement as positive as the others our burly Premier is in the habit of rapping out—though the yoice of the Treasurer mingled in gutteral asseveration, with a solemnity aa unearthly, ~ ? '' '' ' ?' ' ' ?'??? ??'?' iiiB|ni—HllllliL_J as awfuf, as that of the other ' poor ghost' in the swearing scene, in Hamlet. Nor were the Ministry strong on their statistics. The Delegates at least were not, though Mr. Robertson, during their absence at the Conference, seems to have become master of some figures — got up., doubtless, for the occasion. But it is need less to enquire whether they are as ' partial and imperfect' as those accounts on which the demand for £100,000 was based, which no person, in this colony, has ever seen. It is needless just now to enquire how much the mercantile influence may have affected the division, and how much that division was affected by the apathy of the Opposition. Nor is it necessary to comment on the fact thattwohon. members, Mr. George King and Mr. G. W. Allen, left the House, sooner than vote in accord ance with their known convictions, and condemn the utter failure of the Confer-1 ence. Indeed it would be no great public loss if those gentlemen'3 easy conviction, of their own uselessness in the House were a little stronger and drove them out of the House for good and all. These are but minor matteis compared to the real issue now presented — -namely, whether prosper ous farming communities on the Borders are to be unsettled and forced across the, Murray— whether the enterprise of a rich pastoral province is to be placed under ? vexatious and injurious restrictions— whe- ther Victoria is to be provoked to close the best cattle market in Australia against us, .' and forced at last to learn the economy of breeding her own supplies of stock— the issue is, whether on the apparent sanction, of men who did not know or care what they were really voting for: — whether on a majority of two corrupt or thoughtless votes, the Ministry dare face the disastrous consequences of a re- imposition of the Border Duties. ? yi , ,. ...„.« A Correspondent refers to a recent article in the Sydney Morning Herald on the sub ject of appointments and. patronage. Other correspondents have drawn our at tention to statistics gleaned from several branches of the Civil Service, which go to show that recently the Ministers and their subordinates have been sticking Orangemen and their friends into every vacant berth, and into every berth they can make vacant —sticking them into every hole, round or square, where an Orangeman can stick. As all such statistics must, however, be ne cessarily partial or imperfect we prefer to wait for those ordered by the Assembly, on the motion of Mr. James Hart. Nor is it necessary, either, to comment on the Herald's very suspicious assertion, that ' we have heard imputations made of dis graceful favoritism towards the Roman Catholic party.' Where or when did the Herald hear these imputations? Which of' the Ministers was guilty of so great a sin ?' Which of those big overgrown fellows, sit ting on the Government Benches, has dared to skow ' disgraceful favoritism' towards the Catholic party 1 Not Martin the Ca tholic ? Surely he would never dare, with John Da vies at his elbow ? Not Commis sioner Byrnes? The disratings and dis missals at the Railway can hardly be pre paratory to such 'disgraceful favorit ism,' for Catholics, only, have been dis missed, without cause. And so of gross double-barrelled Wilson and honest Jack Robertson — two gentlemen who live by giving nothing for nothing. But per haps it was the Municipal Council which committed this ' disgraceful favoritism ?' Or perhaps it was the Council of Educa tion — for to either of these two Catholic Institutions the imputations must assuredly have had reference. How this Tory old; Herald sticks to its original sins, defending — as poor Barton said — ' defending every abuse until it is exposed, and then claiming* ] the merit of its exposure.' ?}. ?, ??,.? . ^ ? . ... - 