INTERCHANGE OP PULPITS. At tho meeting of the Unuroh Assembly yesterday, the members went into com mitteo upon tbo Trustees and Vestries Bill. Ono clanso provided that tho Bishop might, with the consent of the incumbent and vestry of any parish, allow the church of that parish to bo used for other purposes than divino worship according to the forms of the Churoh of England. The Rev. H. H. P. Handfiold moved an amendment to tho effoot that tho ohnrches should, under no circumstances, be used for any othor purpose than divino worship. He meant to restrict tho discretion of the bishop, tbo iaoumbent, and tho vestry, to this. He farther moved that the divine worsnip snouia oe according w voe isun in God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. John Potter viewed the proposal with fear, as to the probable effects of introdnoing suoh on innovation. At the same time, he wished to say that he always re garded clorgymen of other Christian de nominations as fellow laborers. He believed that a proposal was to bo brought forward for limiting tbo oporation of tbo clause to tho Presbyterian denomination'; but it seemed to him that, if a relaxation wore determined on at all, preference .should be givon to tho Wesleyan denomination. They wero kindred, in a manner, and stood in the position of children to a parent, although, so to speak, degraded by expulsion. Mr. Justice Molesworth considered that the whole state of things in this colony, in the mattor of church bnilcfing, was most Bur- prising. Whilo all tho ohnrches complained of impocuniosity, each must have its separate building, to be used only for four hours nvnrv Sit nil TTa i>nn1/l nnf nrw1ornfn«/? what pollubi-n a church suffered by the allowance of a Presbyterian, WeBleyan,'or other form of Bervion in it. - He wondered how tho members of the (Shurch Assembly who opposed the proposal now brought for ward, consented to bold their meeting in tho supper-room of the town hall, a place used for all sorts of purposes. Mr. Handfield's amendment was open to a' very serious ob jection. Its aim seemed to bo the .oxclu-. eion of Unitarians, but in making such arestrietion on the left hand, the necessity for any ou the right was wholly overlooked. Unitarians wero to be excluded, but Mr. Handfield's amendment would not prevent tho granting of the ehnrch to mombors of tho Boman Catholic persuasion. (Hoar, hear, and 'laughter). The Dean of Melbourne moved, as a farther amendment, that tho . bishop, incumbent, and vestry should only be allowed to grant tbo use of the church to the Pros- bytoriau denomination. The reason he made the exception was bocauso the Pres byterian body had a Confession of Faith; The Bishop supported the clause as originally proposed. Roy. R. Potter and Rev. Mr. Fulford thought there wa!s no neoossity for altering tho law. Dr. Boako did not like to see any alteration mado, but, if it were do- Ivl AAllUvU UU; vUw UCAU fl |)IUpU0UI OUUUIU 1)0 acoepted. The Presbyterian Confession of Faith was identical, on all impor tant points, with ' the tenets of the Ohnrch of England ; but- Wesleyans held somo dangerpus doctrines— for instance, tbat of porfectibility. Mr. G. W. Rusden opposed tho allowance, under any oircum-, stdnoe?, of other denominations to worship in consecrated edifices of the Church of Eng-r land. If the thing was to bo done, the' simple way of doiog it would bo by leaving all the ohurohes unoonsecrated. The clause,' as originally proposed, was carried by 38 to 18 ; th(e being 20 of tho clergy in the ma jority, and 10 in'the minority. 