ATHLETIC GOSSIP^ ? By Curbor. ^he rival olnbs of Carlton and Melbourne inert for their .second trial of strength this season in the Royal Park, on Saturday, when there was a large attendance of spectators, and also, I am glad to report, a few of our bine- coated guardians of law and order. Melbourne brought a very strong team, . while Carlton was , not quite . as strong as usual, the absence of their captain and Gor man — the two heavy weights — beingspeoially noticeable. As the teams stood facing each other prior to the commencement of hostilities, pne could not help being forcibly struck by the different appearance of tho opposing teams. The Melbourne team was composed of a fine evon-sizedlot of players, not too heavy to be little and active, and yet sufficiently weighty to combine aotivity and strength. Tho Carl tan on the contrary were rather light, and impressed one with the idea of activity with out any great strength, and the general im jpression of tho onlookers seemed to be that the metropolitans would prove too weighty 1 lor their opponents. . At about 3 o'olook the g ?am© began,' Melfcourho kicking towards the west, and Carlton towards tho east. Shortly after the start the Melbourne rushed the bal towards their opponents' goal, whero a very ? hot fight ensued. At one time it appeared as if Tjoughnan, jun., that most active of goal sneaks, was about to administer tho coup BUOceBsfully, and then Guy would como to the - rescue, and for tho time being Ward off the threatened daDgor. How ever, do all they were capable of doing, Carlton could not keep tho ball away from * their goal, as they had allowed Molbourne to completely hem them in. Young Lough* ht this stago of the gamo missed an awfully near chance of goal, having mado amark about ten or twolvo yards away; shortly after too ho noglcotod another opportunity, and then another. Things woro getting uncomfort ably warm for Caifiton, half an hour having elapsed, during which timo they scarcely succeeded in sending the ball farther than . tho centro of tho play, homo slight alter ations were now mado in the posting of tho toon, who were not allowed to crowd in to wards tho goal. This charge of tactics had its effect immediately, and the besieged now , becamothe besiegers, for Carlton, by dint of desperate exertions, sent tho leathern sphero, towards tho Melbourne goal, which was very nearly carried. This inspired tho Carlten men with confidenoo, and from this timo until the remainder of tho day they had slightly tho best of tho gamo. Guy played splen didly, and his effective rushes, ably sup ported by Donovan andliillsden, wore mainly instrumental in bringing about this change. Both sides were on their mottle, and tho stiuggle, which waged furiously towards tho Melbourne Btrongliold, was about the tough- ; est ever witnessed in tho Itoyal Park. Whon Carlton were besieging the Melbourno goal, Clarke, imitating Loughn&n;'s example, missed a couple of chances of goal. The struggle continued until after 5 o'eLoclc without either side kioking a goal. This is tho Becond game between these clubs this season in which ncithor Bido has secured a goal. Viewing tho gamo impartially it must be said on the whole Carlton had slightly the best of it, for though Melbourno pressed them very hard for tho first half they had slightly tho best of tho gamo during tlio ro ; maining portion of the play. Thoso who distinguished themselves wero, for Carlton, Guy, Donovan, Kennedy, Hillsden, anil Clarke; while, on behalf of Melbourne, t: Byrne, Barker, E. Harrison, and LoughDau ' rendered themselves most conspicuous. Tho I spectators did not encroach on tho play, though I regret to say in one instanco a spectator assaulted one of tho Melbourne ? men ; the gamo wa3 stopped in consequence, ' and tho police wero nearly being called in, ' iwhen the refractory spectator apologised, : and so settled the matter. The game between South Yarra and Al rbert Park came off on Saturday, on the , ground of the latter club at Emerald-hill. It ' was anticipated that this would ho a well con- ' . tested match, as tho strength of theso clubs was considered to bo pretty evenly balanced. Owing, however, to tho usual apathy of South I Yarra, a rather poor team was sent against 1 tho men of tho Hill, so tho latter had all the r-fun to themselves, and tho South Yarra J nob a ghost of a chance against them. Tho ' I Parkitoakiokedtwogoalsduriugtheaftcrnoon ? I a number which, considering the numerous I opportunities they had, should have been augmontea oy at least nau a ciozcn more. Baker kicked one of the goals, and missed some ridioulously easy chances of kicking others. This points out tho great'un certainty of' kioking tho oval ball straight, as Baker, who has the reputation of being our most re- ' liable kick, can kick as crooked as anyone; 4 else at times. C. ChesseU, the Park captain, ,'r kioked tho other goal. There woro about , five hundred spectators present during tlio afternoon/ and they all apparently qnjoycid the numerous contretemps attendant on tho ? struggle. v : ' There will be an excellent afternoon's r ( sport to-day on the South . Melbourno ? Cricket Ground, where the match between young Bedford and Higgins takes place. Tho distance to bo travelled is five miles, Higgir.s ' ? 1 oonceding 700 yards out of this distance to I his opponent. To fill up the afternoon tbevo will also bo a half-milo handicap, and a handicap walking match, both races being open to all comers. For tho big event IJig l ginsistho favorite, though Bedford/is not ' I without his admirers. 