Coles anil ^ketctics POOR JO. B* MARCUS CLARKE. He was the ostler at Coppingers, and thev called him Poor Jo. Nobody knew whence be came; nnliodv knew what misery of early history had been his. He had appeared one evening, a wandering swag-man, unable to speak, and so explain his journey's aim or end—able only to mutter and gesticulate, making signs j] iat he was cold and hungry, and needed fire and food. The rough crowd in Coppingers bar looked on him kindly, having for him that sympathy which marked physical affliction commands in the'-rudest natures. Poor Jo needed all their sympathy : he was a dwarf, and dumb. Ccppinger—blufl, blasphemous, and o 0od hearted soul—despatched him with many oaths to the kitchen, and when the next morning the deformed creature volunteered in his strange siffn speech to do some work that might " pay for his lodging," sent him to help the ostler that ministered to King Cobb's coach horses. The ostler -for lack of a better name perhaps— called him "Jo," and Coppinger, finding that the limping mute, though lie could speak no word of human language, yet he had a marvellous power of communication with horseflesh, installed him as under ostler and stablehelper with a seat at the social board and a wisp of clean straw in Kins Cobb's stable. " I have taken him on," said Coppinger, when the township cronies met the next night in the bar. " Who ?" asked the cronies, bibulously disregarding grammer. " Poor Jo,'' said Coppinger. The sympathetic world of Bullocktown approved the epithet, and the del'ovmed vagabond, thus, baptised, was known as Poor Jo ever after- He was a quiet fellow enough. His tmost wrath never sufficed to ruffle hair on the sleek backs of King obb's horses. His utmost mirth ever went beyond an ape- like chuckle lmt irradiated his pain-stricken face a stray gleam of sunshine lights up hideousness of the gargoyle on ome old cathedral tower. It was nly when "in drink" that Poor Jo ecame a spectacle for stangers to ondcr at. Brandy maddened him, nd when thus excited his misshapen oul would peep out of his sunken fiery yes, force his grotesque legs to dance nseemly sarabands, and compel his igeon breast to give forth monstrous id ghastly utterances, that might avebeen laughs were they not so much fee groans of a brutish despair that in it a strange chord of human uETering. Coppinger was angry when ne poor dwarf was thus tortured for sport of whiskey-drinkers, and threw Frolicsome Fitz into the uck-midden for inciting the cripple ° spatter forth his grotesque croonings "d snatches of griersome merriment. He won't be fit for nothin' to-morrer, was the excuse Coppinger e for his display of feeling. ee d > on the days that followed J e debauches, Poor Jo was sadly wncast. Even his beloved horses ed t0 cheer him, and he would sit '•eyed and woe-begone on the post- 77 f ence, like some dissipated fj of evil omen. 1 he only thing he seemed to love, e his horses, was Coppinger, and °>nger Was proud of this simple wn. So proud was he, that when JT vered that whenever Miss ne. the si ster of Young Barham, Creek eVu s ut her ' P P°ny into the sai d lu' d pony was fondled oor slobbered over and caressed by somethi j-fisy n g like a pang le'lluT - Was a fair maiden, with hair, and lips like the two i streaks of crimson m the leaf of the white poppy. Young Barham, owner of Seven Creeks Station-you could see the lights li<rhrs in the fho !>.>»»« house windows — j „ from Coppinger's—had brought her from town to " keep house for him, and she was the beauty of the country side. Frolicksome Fitz, the poundkeeper, was at first inclined to toast an opposition belle (Miss Kate Ryder, of Ryder's Mount), but when returning home one evening by the new dam he saw Miss Jane jump Black Jack over the post and wire into the home, station paddock he forswore his allegiance. "She rides like an angel," said pious Fitz, and next time he met her told her so. She stared, smiled and cantered away. Now, this young maiden, so fair, so daring, and so silent, came upon the Bullocktown folk like anew revelation. The old Frenchman at the Melon Patch vowed tearfully that she had talked French to him like one of his country women, and the schoolmaster, Mr. Frank Smith—duly certificated under the Board of Education— reported that she played the piano divinely, singing like a seraph the while. As nobody played (except at euker) in Bullocktown, this judgment was undisputed. Coppina;er swore, slapping with emphasis his mighty thigh, that Miss Jane was a lady, and when he said that he said everything. So whenever Miss Jane visited the township she was received with admiration. Coppinger took off his hat to her, Mr. Frank Smith walked to the station every Sunday afternoon to see her, and Poor Jo stood afar off, and worshipped her, happy if she bestowed a smile upon him once out of every five times that he held her tiny stirrup. This taming of Poor Jo was not unnoticed by the whiskey-drinkers,' and they came in the course ot a month or so to regard the cripple as part of the property of Miss Jane—as they regarded her dog, for instance. The schoolmaster, moreover, did not escape tap-room comment. He was frequently at Seven Creeks. He bought flowers from the garden there. He sent for some new clothes from Melbourne. He even borrowed Coppinger's bay mare Flirt to ride over to the Sheepwash, and Dick, the mailboy—who knew that Coppinger's mare was pigeon-toed—vowed that he had seen another horse's tracks beside hers in the sand of the Rose Gap Road. " You're a deep-'un, Mr. Smith," said Coppinger. " I found yer out sparking Miss Jane along the Mountain Track. aijtv. Deny i^iiy it 11. if .1 yer joi can mil ?" . But Frank Smith's pale cheek only flushed, and he turned off the question with a laugh. It was poor Jo ? s eyes that snapped fire in the corner. So matters held themselves until the winter, when the unusually wet season forbade riding parties of pleasure. It rained savagely that year, as we all remember, and Bullocktown rainy weather is not a cheerful place. Miss Jane TN«A IrAnf kept n^ at V» home, rttYlflortfl and Poor Jo's little eyes, wistfully turned to the station on the hill, saw never her black pony cantering round the corner of Archy Cameron's hayrick. A deeper melancholy,seemed to fall on the always melancholy township. Coppinger's cronies took their " tots" in silence, steaming the while, and Coppinger himselfwould come gloomily to the door, speculating upon evil unless the leaden rain curtain lifted. But it did not lift, and rumour of evil came. Up the country, by Parsham and Merryvale and Black Adder's Gully, there were whole tracts of grass land under water. The neighbouring station of Hall's in the i i J? t;.^. n^^ian were WCIC bogged for IV* •""""J miles, Tim - — I was compelled . to leave i his u:„ dray j —and! " bullocks at Tom and Jerry's and ridej for his life before the advancing * waters. The dams were brimming at Quartzborough, St. Roy reservoir was running over. It was "reported by M'Cleod, the sheepdcaler, that the 1 Qjj i • , . ., .... * bridge at the little Glimmera had been carried away It was ported that Old Man Horn, whose residence overlooked the river, had fastened a bigger hook to a longer pole (there was a legend extant to the effect that Old Man Horn had once hooked a body from the greedy river, and after emtying its pockets, had softly started it down stream again), and was waiting behind his ricketty door, rubbing his witheie I hands gleefully. Young Barham rode over to Quartzborough to get M'Compass, the shire engineer, to look at his new dam Then the coach stopped running, and then Flash Harry, galloping through the township at night, like the ghost rider in Goethe's ghastly ballad, brought the terrible news—THE FLOODS WERE UP, AND THE GLIM- MERA BANK AND BANK AT THE OLD CROSSING PLACE! "It will be here in less than an hour," he shouted, under Coppinger's red lamps; " make forthehisjh ground if you love your lives," and so, wi*t, wild- eyed, and white, splashed off into the darkness if haply he might, warn poor folk down the river of the rushing death that was coming upon them Those who were there have told of the horrors of that night. How the muddy street, scarce reclaimed from river bed, was suddenly full of startled half-dressed folk. How Coppinger's was crowded to the garret. How the schoolmaster dashed off, stumbling through the rain, to warn them at Seven Creeks. How bullies grew pale with fear, aud men hitherto mild of speech and modest of mien, grew fieryhot with wrath at incapacity, and fiercely self- assertive in relegating fools to their place in the bewildered social economy of that general Overturn. How when the roaring flood came down, bearing huge trees, fragments of houses, grotesquely terrible waifs and strays of household furniture, upon its yellow and turbid bosom, timid women grew brave, and brave men hid their feces for a while. How Old Man Horn saved two lives that night. How Widow Ray's cottage— with her light still burning in the window sill—was swept off, and carried miles down stream. How Archy Cameron's hayrick stranded in the middle of the township. How forty drowned sheep were floated into the upper windows of the Royal Mail. How Patsy Barne's cradle with its new born occupant, sucking an unconcious thumb, was found jammed into the \---- bight of the -..V, windlass n.iiumoo in m Magby's a killing-yard. How all this took place has been told I say, by those who were present, and needs no repeating. But r one thing which took place shall be chronicled here. When the terror and confusion had somewhat stilled, and Coppinger, by dint of brandy and blankets, had got some strength and courage into the half-naked, shivering creatures clustered in his ark, a sudden f~PF»M ;errible Km tremor fwmnr went nrotlf - through fllW/Mirrll the flia crowd AMno.^ ike an electric current. In some nysterious way, no one knew how iriginating or by what fed or fostered, nen came to hear that Barham's dam vas breaking ! That is to say, that in en minutes or less all the land that ay between Coppinger's and the river vould be a roaring waste of water— hat in less than ten minutes the Nine Greeks Station, with all its inmates, ould be swept ofl? the face of the earth —that in less than ten minutes two lundred square feet of water would be et loose upon the low land near the iver, and that if Coppinger's escaped t would be a thing to thank God for. After the first sharp , agony u _ of selfipprehension^ one —- thought came to —Mie ach—Miss Jane. " Good God," cr; cries Coppinger, "can iobody .jdy get to her ??" Two men volunteered to go. "Its no good," said fainthearted Riley, the bully of the bar. " The dam '11 burst twice over 'fore you can reach the station." It was likely. " I'll go myself,'' cries brave, old Coppinger; but his wife clung to his arm, and held him back with all the weight of her maternity. " I have it,'' savs Coppinger? <{ Poor Jo'11 go. Where is he?" No one had seen him. Coppinger dashed down Ihe stairs, splashed through the yard into the stable. The door was open, and Blackboy, the strongest of King Cobb's horses, was missing. Coppinger flashed round the lantern'.lie. held. The mail boy's saddle had disappeared, and faintly mingling with the raging wind and roaring water, died the rapid strokes of a horse's feet. Poor Jo' had gone The house was already flooded out, and they were sitting—so I was told— with their arms round each other, not far from where poor Barham's body was found, when the strange, misshapen figure bestriding the huge horse, splashed desperately through the water that was once the garden. " Rescue !" cried Frank, but she only clung to him the closer. Poor Jo bit his lips at sight of the pair,and then, so Frank Smith averred, flung Jiim one bitter scowl of hate, and dropping his deformed body from the hack of the reeking horse, held out the bridle with a groan. In moments of supreme danger one divines quickly. Frank placed his betrothed upon the saddle, and sprang up behind her. If ever Blackboy was to prove his mettle he must prove it then, for already the lightning revealed a thin stream of water trickling over the surface of the dam. " But what is to become of you'' cries Miss Jane. Poor Jo, rejecting Frank's offered hand, took that of Miss Jane, patted it softly, and let it fall. He pointed to Coppinger's red light, and then to the black wall of the dam. No man could mistake the meaning of that trembling finger and those widelyopened eyes. They said,"Ride for your lives ! ride!" plainer than the most eloquent tongue owned by School master could speak. It was no time for sentiment, and for the schoolmaster there was but one life to be saved or lost that night. He drove his hare heels into the good horse's sides, and galloped down the hill. " God bless you, Jo !" cried Miss Jane. Poor Jo smiled, and then falling on his knees waited, straining his ears to listen. It was not ten minutes, but it seemed ten hours, when through the roar he heard a distant shout go up. They were saved. Thank God ! And then the dam burst with a roar like thunder, and he was whirled away amid a chaos of tree trunks. They found his little weak body four days afterwards, battered and bruised almost out of recognition; but his great brave soul had gone on to judgment THE WOIIK OF AN IMPRISONED ENGLISH QUEEN.—There is slill in existence a beautiful cover for an English translation of St. Paul's episiles, which was embroidered by Queen Elizabeth when a prisoner at Woodstock, the material being black silk. In the centre of one side is a heart and the other a star, each surrounded by Latin mottoes. A Book of Prayers was also embroidered by her, the cover being red velvet, with a monogram in silver thread, and roses at the four corners. She seems to liave been especially fond of bindings in needlework, for a volume belonging to her was covered with green velvet worked with coloured silk thread in a design of deer in various attitudes, grouped about a large tree in a park, the back of the book being divided into compartments, having each a red rose with buds and branches. WHAT is that which is often found]where it is not ?—Fault. 