ROMANCE OF A SMALLPOX HOSPITAL. A curious story is told respecting the small-pox hospital at Hampstead, by the HamptUad and BighpaUi Exprea. A woman, it is stated, who had occupied a bed in one of the wards was reported to her husband as being dead. The necessary funeral arrangements were accordingly made by the widower, who himself followed the supposed remains of his '-late wife to the grave. To his astonishment, and it is to be hoped to his delight, the lady whose obsequies had thus been celebrated, re turned home about a fortnight after her funeral in a state of extreme surprise at not having received any intelligence during that period from her husband and family, whom she found clothed in deep mourning. The explanation of this misadventure was that the woman had been removed to a convalescent ward, and another patient, who afterwards died, had been put into tbe bed she originally occupied. The name of the first patient having been inadvert ently left up at the head of the bed caused the mistake which gave rise to so much pain and pleasure. If the bets stated are correct, there would seem room for im provement in the arrangements as well as in the cite of this hospital. Had the dis consolate husband, daring the interval which flapped between the funeral of his wife and her retnm to the domestic circle, embarked in a second marriage, one of the two ladies would have had just ground for Chances rs the English Language. —In Ward's 'Errata in the Protestant Bible,' a curious work, published first in 1666 by sn English Bnman Catholic, and reprinted with additions at Dublin some thirty years ago, thp author or editor quote* a verse from Stemhold and Hop kin'e version ofthe 74th Psalm ; — ?? Wfcv dmt thoo draw thy band aback, And hide it in tfey lap, O pinck it out ud be ootaUck To gin thy foes ? rap.' The old version of the 33rd Psalm contains a curious line which forms a good specimen of the changes in our language in. 300 years;— ' H« doth me fold in ooataa mart «{?, lie tender grant f«t by.1' A Missouri paper offers this for the re quiem of a departed contemporary : — iAfbrUtbioaUl, Dim by dims tb« pone mm dry ; One hj one, beyond recall. Miuhnxitn ptpen droop and die. The following little nursery rhyme de serves to be incorporated into Mother Goose's melodies : — There ni a little girl, And die had a littlt carl, That, bone right down on her forehead ; And when ut waa good She iru very good indeed. Bat when die m tad the ni borrid. An old college professor says : ' It gener ally takes twenty years of training to eradicate the word ' nice' from a young lady's vocabulary. The fall of Niagara, the Psalms of David, the discovery of America by Columbus, and the progress of the human race, were all nice to my eldest till she got married.' Lord Brongham was fond of telling the following story : — A bishop, at one of his country visitations, complained that the church was badly kept, and in bad repair, pointing out that the rain evidently came through the roof, and adding, with some warmth, an expression whichhe was horrified in finding in tibe Local paper next day re ported tbns: 'I shall not visit this d— old church again till it is in better order.*' The bishop* secretary thereupon wrote mildly suggesting that what hu lordship said was, that he would not visit ' this damp old fhnrrJi agiirii** But the editor, in a foot-note, aaid that while gladly giving publicity to toe explanation, fie nad every confidence in the accuracy of his reporter. A prudent man is like a pin. His head prevents his going .too jar. Illiterate juries seem to be remarkably plenty just now. The Milietndcee Sentinel gives the following copy of the ballot on a vesdict : — w J ? r? 'NoGieldiy, Geltig, V p Gieldig for boy, Not Guddj, Hf*' Not Guilteng, Not Gieldig, Gueldy, Noth Giltig, Qufltinv.' The 'boy' referred to in this ballot was one of the witnesses whcee evidence was described by the juryman. Au Illinois editor aays : — '' Tryine to do business without advertising it like wink ing la the dark; yon may know that you are keeping np a powerful winking, bat nobody els* has any idea of it,' A little Boston girl joyfully assured her mother, the other day, that she had found out where they made hones— 'ahe had teen a man in the shop just finishing one of them, for Jie was «i»tting on his last foot' Not ao far wrong m some people suppose, ?A five year old girl being asked ' What is the chief end of maoT replied, 'The head end.' As this created a load laugh, she ran to her father's room and told him what occurred, saying she thought ah* ought not to be laughed at, 'became, papa, can it be the foot end, do you think f A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost (height before, sshe was going home frmn'the tavern. « What shape was it T aiked the doctor. 'In tbe shape of a jackas*/* said the man. ' Go home,' said die phyaicUn/ 'and keep sober. Ton wen drank lart night, end frightened at your own t&adow.;' In one of the latter Jay* of Fox, die conversation tuned mi the comparative wisdom of ihe French and English cfeaMe ter. 'The -Ffenchnun,' it wb* observed, 'dd^r^Dkseir with thsjrttwtjjlh* Englishman makes himself anxious about the future. Is not the Frenchman the wiser }' ',' JJe may' be the merrier,' 6aid Fox; 'but did you ever hear of a savage who did not' buy a mirror in preference to aleleseope r A yonng lady, hesitating for a word in describing ' the character of a rejected suitor, said, ' He is not a tyrant, not ex actly domineering, but—' ' Dogmatic,' suggested her friend. 'No, he has not dignity enough for that ; I think ' pup matic ' would convey my meaning admir ably.' An Indian girl, who fell in love with a fellow, rode twenty miles with a revolver in her hand, to where the chap was chop ping in ' the woods, and told him if he didn't aanj her, «te would stake a tonne! through hitn. The wedding came off that afterfaoon. He said he would never quar rel with a woman about a little thing like that Under tbe pressure of necessity » Salt Lake City blacksmith lias invented a ma chine to kill grasshoppers. It can be manufactured for 7Z dots. It consists of a frame drawn hv two horses, having an apron extending forward close to the ground to scrape up the locust*, with a hood above it, forming a box open in front. At the rear* of the machine U a pair of rollers geared together, the upper one driven by the earning wheels, of which it forms the axle. Whatever may find its way into the front of the machine is obliged to pass between the rollers at the back, which, being capable of being forced close together, are described as completely demoralising the ' ironclads.' Tebbtble Sin of Danctmj. — The Me thodist Preachers' Association, in New York, have just been gravely discussing She terrible sin committed by one of their brethren, the Rev. Mr. Shaffer, found guilty of dancing in his own house and with his own family. A Rev, Mr. Bart lorne ' admitted that die general character of dancine was bad, but a member dancing with his own family, and, as he believed, to the glory of God, was quite a different thing, and did not come within the pro hibitory rule.' A general opinion was expressed that when men danced among themselves, no harm could be done; it wae the ladies who wrought the mischief. A little girl remarked to her mamma oo going to bed, ' I am not afraid of die dark,' — ' No, of course you are not,' re pb'ed her mamma, ** for it can't hurt you.' — ' But, mamma, I was a littli afraid once when I went to the pantry in the dark to get a tart'— 'What were you afraid oft' asked her mamma. — 'I was afraid I couldn't find tbe tarts.' Useftl Modem? FtrwnTntE. — The difficulties under which young couples labour when they go shopping were amus ingly illustrated by 8 case at the Wey mouth County Court lately, in which a cabinet maker named Case, sued Mr. Acott, the I'rincipil messenger at tbe Portland Convict Establishment, for £3 1 8s 9d, the balance of an account, of which £30 had been paid. In October, 1867, Mr. Acott was about to get married, and went to plaintiffs shpp to buy tbe furniture, He got various articles — a mattress, which was to be 'good and strong, and stuffed with good horsehair,' was fourteen inches too short— but Mr. Case said it would stretch with lying on — and turned out to be stuffed with pig's hair, which kept coming through the tick, covering every article in the room, and getting' into thd sheets, to the utter discomfiture of sleepers. A towel horse and toilet glass fell to pieces. Drawers said to be of solid mahogany and very strong, very much belied the seller's description. A commode on being opened fell to pieces. A table, sold as ' home made and very strong,' was found not level ; to rectify this, Mr. Case sent a boy whu put on some bits of Tesxeening to keep it upright ; but he made it worse than be fore, and when the owners were at dinner the top came off and broke the dinner service, and when they used hot-water plates the part beneath became black. The marble waahstand's top came off before Acott had it s mouth. One morning when his wife was sitting on the couch it fell down, and he found that there were no feet in the castors, and in the horsehair covering there was a seam from top to bottom. When he spoke to Mr, Case about it he told him it was not stuffed with horsehair, and he felt very much taken in ; but Mr. Case only laughed at him, and sent him insulting lettera. Mr. Case's version of the story was that the articles were of good quality considering the price paid. The judge gave judgment for defendant ' Awkwabb Catabteophe. — A servant girl went to an apothecary for some castor oil, to be iuited with something which should disguise its taste. On being asked if she liked soda-water, she replied in the affirmative, when the apothecary gave her a glass seasoned with lemon aud the ofl. But shs still lingered, waiting, and pre sently asked for the oil again, when the man informed her that she had already taken it — 'Ob, gracious,' she cried, 'I wanted it for a man atho is sick !' ABSURDmBS.— Msfy absurdities of con duct arise from the imitation of those whom we can not resemble. 