THE 2tEVI$ION OF T'I'H Ei IYII D113L1; B1Y uRc. KeIi , o ,, , At length a glaom of hI, begn I bo entertalied when OCrdii 'Wiemman, stung apparently by tlhe int that his Church was indilloront or on unfrinidly to the andvnaldinbi of ,s ed learonil,' dloolured, I .l186, lthat .C tl iiaid Iboen lroneady oeigiged teo yairs it reparing aon udition i Ithe Vilioan lanusOript foir putlilienti, and that it was neearly ready for l. Press. No.' thin i more was heardT it till 1842, when it ws announno e hlut it wen it fuo.sirnle, and would hqrtly oppear, Still yeaonrs passed, and no?I iean Mlnu. seorip oneldo froii the lou n Press, Dr. 'rapellre, an Engllish lnr, spent llive mnontlshe in Itoneo Ilr thle prsea ptutplse of comparing it with Ithe t?eivedl Tenxt; but he never entol iiIt Li the requishio perlnminein, hluoynd laialli.1tire if it 'in oo ir two displiOted pa~eDon, which, of onurseo ava alIwnyn . iinotlhing. The learned earilinnl diril l 18,S1, whein it Ws thnouglht lhalt thle edlitiion e ehad pro. pured eotldl never appefr. Aonin, how. over, it wen ntilnonceid then hi t edition, irevlsetl by nn tlnlian uohJir, Vaeollone, wena nearly ready for ~billention ; niindi yau tnmy be sure that to vel lookhet for by ?ieI lernd l divinien of niropoe tll a. pue al, xietly nas ero titc atitd fur the arrival of theu war toligran tivdutrint the FranionieoPrttssinn wat'yu lalRngli theo iliolet lioi copy of iv w Tetitent was pnlul lelatl iin livii lort.lqear Io vitlhuitra in 17 , Of ourotn, ii atneovt t0i1. oatt woik thluolei n oitli Ut dertaken. '1 'udetl, we hvii very . idie of the I uuonone ltdhir rzpttilhnt I lie ttiatter ; Ir a b lililsnnefun ltn Ion thain pA hel wiii ith'hcu hr f lumlstn thei oat, yet the ?itter, tare rill ural--iue., eaphials,.-anid there are no spoesn be. wee lie wordsutet' a wholoe:lino is Writitcn. 'ais.if, it wore in'c vw?ird! Meored over; there are no points, and nothing.to: tell wherp 'a nfacceneo, ds;, theroere eo v-raes,,rerc/ paragraphi, . supistd if any. of us had to rahsoribc such a doumnent, one week of the work would 'beehonugL for our brain. \When, first priuted;"tbo cardinal was mortified by theo num of mistakes made, /,rtthe olist amourio about fouitocan leingi. When this edf appcsred, considerable disapplintt ] was felt, becaUoie' 'it was Iot'a.fac.simll or ee' anRnaeocurato edition of the monuo saript. Instead of it appearing, nothcer ,difon was published, and theVfliroean cexc marked o thie margin. Still we now/know all thbo readings of this Ilmot v ublnll abtii efit. " 1 .(3) Tllier are two othber ;old manu. neripte;, oe called tli od, t E:plrta'ai?.em la n, :scri't, now in tet impoeial librlry _of PI'aris, and its late is somewhleru about the lifth century; tnd! ithe tb r ae lleted.. 'Tlhe Bleza Jiranuscript, now in. the Uni. vorsity of C(ambridge, tno whtich institu. tins it wais proseentel in, o'l-ril Iy ]l?za, a Presabyerian divine itf Gc eva. It woe. writitoohntout thie inddlo irit the oith cen ttur, ]Bte'za pr)babtly used it in preparing .is b?3reek Testament ;.an'T as our trans. linnsr fillowed" I)ozi's Now Teotamenot, we may say, intb thley hIad the .tiencfit of ,thbis; ancio.t:. docuiltont. In lfitoe,, up to .1800 ahout fo'rty ??ihintiript's, wrniren in ..J¢-................eteatt"it n ' Ci... pitals, inado bea weo n thei fifth nid thei tenitn ocritutes o ai d opp 'pridiitg portions ofi heo No' Tostahineb, were known to eisxt in the libraries of Euroipe,. (4). B'ut a most ilnportant,,discoovcry ihasibeen mtade in our ownday, andd within the; memory of overyone horo.e---Tis. nlhetdorf; i 'Gerniti) 'itjbfea?6g, laS do?pt?d alniot a whole lifOtime to thie ettidy of thie text; and with an enthusiasm aind devotion worthy of so n~bld udiildih'ihs ranooIked most; of'tht iihloas of Europi to pgpdtotfre tow tmanud'i~ r nd'ljnst:t,?ade jourdn?ys to Egy'pt. Biouii' Sinai, Jorusa. lkm, ]othlchem, &o.;,. fir the same pur?. pose. Wheon. in tie ennvent,.aL theofont of Mount Sipai ln. 1844,lie.ep4ccoiied in tho hall anlargo boskeot fullof oldparabh. :monts; antid he. was alliiqd to take: a third of these, as thiy'ld been cn de's'tin'ed' fr the flames. lo found thbey reontined some 'p'hiorir'o ofta o'py of iho'Old TeSir: meht in Greek, which seemed to hIlii'let of the mostnoacint Iheo had over soon, As Ihe cxpresesil great joy on the diecoevgry, thi monks, peorceiving th'e. vlue. if thle ilocumrnnt, refusoed to part with thl'e rest, Ih 1863 he visited,,tbo sameo convent, and eantb some still monire valnbls dia. tovrqejis bitt there was' nob 'trace of' hiis fornior dt'lioinent, eieept at few litos'fno m Genesis. In 1859 thl? ;ealc uts sotoler again sot sail f;r Ito E?:.t, tantl rirnecled tii Convent of Mioun't Sinni i the;o etnd of Jabl iry; [alioing devoted days to turning ov thero manuscripts rtf tlts tonvent, ie ' yeadf ordlera'.Whlls serv'ants to libo readyt1l' aor On tlt nelcrrno'ii of tie enio day, ,to wasinvhied :by hi, stoward intos his el. Theo latter remarked- to him , apnp'hlfl end a nt',' .o agi , Greee sopy pf, ~ltp ld Teotatxeati tn brhtghit frcontit, horir. Q, i..to elan" bIulky kind of volume, wrapped up in red uldth. Tite rest ,I m'st givoyou in list own words :-'I unriled, the cover, pad discoverod, to my great surprise not ottil thoo very. fragments whiolh, fifton years bhefore , dtadkopcout of.t to b but a oor' ri)t f thedOl.d. t'i tiihit; ilke' NPw Iostasnent?'oomplotp? and, ii addition; tl,'EPistl6i of iarnanhba, and a part if. tho Pastor of.f tms. Iill of joy, snhihtlii tiitt Ils'd ' eli' doitioiti'nd, tooo'ceris)l fr ?it' ?twa i thddie eat 6fi 'thdd;ini titnity, s i .aactrelyaasrlegvy fo'r.port s lt?? heo tlomanusoripit.lto y sloep o olam r, .to lotk it over more nt leisure. Thtro,. y tyselfoI couldipivo wty to the transport-of Joy vthl i'I felt I :know t Its I I?eld, tti thy, lh.itd tio ttiodit prechlo1s II bllt 1i tretsiure In odxhtnouc--n aIie ndet,, oi anago nod ,inp trta !o,,4xl adodedat thau sf til iiis tniiU'arli'iih hili I lhad aoor ex;inliod di rin;g twid.'s~3yKor'r study of th o j, a ti [ I renot nw, I contfoes, retaill illr t onotihins I filt in thbs'l'oiting miiretn wifh Sich iti din? ttn tolit stay posusshltt I2n'holih' toiy lanjp ?nq hllm 'and lthe ni, co?nl, I say doin at nnce to transoriho iho Epistle of.. lnir nahba.." After surmtn ting all but in. ispisrablo dlflioulties, at last got thio ejavoteod doou'ment I si ponoshiaon" aindt 'thoijhlitj'jit tel m tint htate Ivnou 'nsltk (ihp tihiiso to preespe 4 to ilihe Esperor of 'Rail,,t h'o iprrolor ? fdi roo ei (Jhuloli; Ti'is hitlt was oInkon, d Tisohendorf iad tot pitnttre nlf oonve ng it to Itile Empe. rtir.2.Ti) the Ihonour luns!'a hoitoh ilk'o?l . thei litnporor tundr ok to I lfry thelo ex' 1istsn of prihtljngf s a esittiopo!py rtfl Ihls ititnuscrlpt, in four filioviltlumies, This ''i.olhndorf cnompleted in Iltreo 'eao: lind the' Rlubslsin " Govenvamll', Ithd t?in'o O 100 'olles; adId proniit 'hite h i minsst of the Ioerpeodinstltiilbits~of 'l'pitip lind. Astioua,,., Oo ncopy, I t.htltk,: wna presonltl to our Sydtney .,Uilverslty.. I am qurry to sy, I iave pt vet endoavoured 'td procur ?it galht a "it TdN;tJ'lh) ,a)io a anuaserlpt s old sitd aoi ivtuhilo. ae ltho, no In ?ittiteilon, , mind, whiohl tho olheor Is not, comploto,. Ydu may now nk: 'Whliat light hne ,bon thrbwtt ipod llti text by lie disa. otvory of tit'so jirutlius troeaurea ? Whlatni Ic tito tlifferetiqo gotween the ti anit pipears in tlem, ntd itn itur ,]ngtllsh Iibles? Titospawor ais juetase. might iave boont asntilparedie ?tliors tre diffe. roniocsabut not dlo lo it inlvolvo n cllnngo In illdo'iiip'rtlntlle otlnulrin or tnot in thI( Now TonnIII nt., Thlio mnrvil is Ili ot 1Io ditorsiiooe (vnrlous rodillRA, ma thioy nro colloed) nro inor. nluob moro nlniorolii ttimli lltho n0ro. Tdll lai lhnhtilloa c Ito in nouriliotl to tlio proviiloitio of (lod, wlvo lin proesrvcd I t W1ord piuru nil inliro for nil pnoiirIoinin of inno. Hut unlbas i> inironi"( jcro wruigihlt ivory tinin t1d iipy bind 'Icmn trniriliod lir printild, wo timull cxict tltinl errors hIvo, hero niid therio, Oript ih, ]hi l wo.iiuny nlsi jiint on ronMiiiiibliy .xp()rt l{il, froai illllut(io Olill lii in (f 11 rin al vllrijly of di( (ninIioiili iinail l ilf rT'iin linies llnd in il))'roiil leidoos, ni{silnil ov0ry0 on? rf lhist will lo 'ii clioli, 'lih vory hlilig whlol opus lstacc If tiTr'cnco Is\ thl IIOh isntoine of norrcole a lioii, vit , liUt miiltipllns. ilon ofrooplao, You will cpcot, [ doubt not, that l shIoulld imFnio ono or. two of these differeuccs. It ecintBto .me that the following verces ,re spurious, add ought not to he in ourJ.Englilh 1Biblo: I Joluji, y.~ 7:." oFdr, Atre arb ;threo that lear. record (in. Heaven the Father, the Word; and the 'Holy Ghost':and these three are one; anid there are three h4? ar iwitness in Earth) ' the spirit, iowAr,n 'nd thE blood " Aots viii., 37\ thou believest swith all thine healr thu 'mayest; arid he astwered and mid. IIbelieve that. Jesus '0hrist is the Son of God.."' Matthellowvi.,13 (last parl) : ' For thine in the kingdom, thie powoer, and the glory, for ever, amen." Jolhn ,,. 3 ": ' In these lay a gr?eat multi tuIde of,".&o.;,-holi whole of vcr o.3 nod 4; If ?iyawask1 why oughtrtheseo pqa arigos ,to be 'ixuo'nui d? t:wo iridsier, hi' hiueo i thy daro not in theli oldest imitiu scriptiA ' T;i liirt p tso'Iag li'v b (iuited (John v., 7) Wi ioti in thei first printed opsnofErapsoids', HII s ihioertld it afterwardil ihe? great cooplaints weroe uttered aiit :tohe onmission by, thoe Roman iullthr ~s. All ihese paEsgcea'nro abseint fromn th our oldiest copies of the Noe Teitain.rhin.nexistodue. I! they halnd lieen omiite only in ,oe,,nor c?.n in twi, lthen there would hio' 'beih ''ltrio'ng ro' sons for retaining them ; bhit Bienoo they oro phl)ont,l'rnos the wlolo four, it seems to h?b:is crrtain as anyhlliin of th'e kind oCiti ie "l'ht they never formed a portion of' d' Word,' but weroadded by later Sof a eirc'mstance wi's viry ljkelj. to hlnp , in t'i'li,?auy :-lu' oaur Bibles, yoi will often find, remnrks on tlihe margin, diffo rt redilaospiand so on. You have alan g sumnmaries at the beginning of chap a. [Of eourse,'eveiyonc admila tlant heoe were not the work of (li in ::pir penmen, bot 'wero' matlo b::'~se 'I'bn 6 foi ? i? llopiv'oniotilhce of.ltho render. so intlie old doouuments remarks were oftev oilton on the maurgi; siash, as re. fnrotev,"&i; "'lHow very natural that in' Jfqi v. ?,,'a t!rtsorielir or commenatobr miilt add ueob a passago in the margin; ain the ot4 e that copied it next tlinking, is was appropriaie, anl that it had been in etestt]y5ooiitted, .that .lie !night in. e' h.'-Tliohe.,tas regaids.thbo :?adition to ntltioid'r-Prayer, suoh doxologies were :ar'pOi6ffin' ininDndlont imosi nrid: wm t o'b pliily t'ii'theShiHrolies. I 'Ofcdirse, Itr was no hinrni in Ithat;-but a tran. e r, eviog Iionoit the margijo, migh't "ery niiarallygiasnrt it'ina thl'text?.: So agin, tioipatspgo ln Aots seems to have blun taken fronm one of theo anaino t for= niulsaries of bnptismi used in churches, '1H' some one had written on the margin aai reference, and anothelcr transcrlber, icing it there, and olserving that it a uld fit in, inserted it, So with regard tothb..o.lter..possnge ; it bears, it sootisa to eno n legeotyty lcharacter on the face of it ind is very unlike (he uonoral strain S'tlhe' Newt Tfleslamolt;a c lo:ut, wliatovdr nt y li'vo biiei'lbthe oriiini'if' these verses, I ihink you nill all digi'o'ti ith' ii?'la i airming that, as they are not found in li.dl 61dcr toidttl, t :mritt rushteorthy'mna'i. l ft'bwi ;t hpyi',by:hr'olhal'dditioiis 'sdoui't no i'lnti dr 'to'Ib rdl'inodt ilu ,jith i'' miargin, fruits whlioli they ought oVe'yto have beaoon toen. Our tmotto aphlllt, ever o,bo,,L.Tho?l ] , , th ,wlholo Bible, and notiliri.h'ut dtlh B l 6o." "ft' the inoast snifrdd annd' invaluablo traesure? hallt htii"'e lio'c doilitt i dio 'ii oiatbidy fo maBn,' inlt;i, beoo!nps us ipyput)y alnd re vorontly'topreservoe it il niils integ'riiy, so tliat'not 'oe jot ho ttten a iway, iir on0 i n it, the trtli, never n' s'ly aon eoalt', hbaool,',' etfqldent' jf?bH just; clatiims, it d alrohid a lclnr lig h iuon. S t, Tli o-.iter.preit l 'oftif ; , t' , io now beo· r t o rlh ,itin i . it hi n1goe wil'dritrii-t ltionl firt appeared Unldhltb'ildly, ihei'ro rd an osuiodiurablI niuribor of errors, and thedq, lilitinlily thinsi ,'.e i)'lwihall) the li dorn ti plinh n "'Jid l.hve of ImoneOy iP r' anl nbQtl ' not i.M i't ri ' on ill evil.l Mahit, xxv, 8, , rv''tio :ftilblish rvii ile i 'Rtald: Givre un' of vynir oil, fr our, iatps nror 'eoin 'it not -gone outt,.t,,,Aa.j it , 47, " ThI Lord diled oi the li hiri danil.suohl nas ,weor Ihuriti uavod,' nod lint a1sh;iid bnoI~,ui'bdl','" TiC dlatlbbllnoiif:*nirtrdllii~ in't :i(~ll;nii ji ourtu1Ily1 .ohuorvedIdiit horn,4!~~ IjVtrni Ilmnno b.y u!'iompouo ,:9.ri ~irao.i lmcu,.hy "roblcon, '. Got Qbl iI ii, 7 if Enoy wOnd do'nmb thu uoldplulnf · Gdd~ intil nhnliJ wordyp .rcoonroi~dhyiiqnn,J ngrl'sfon R.ell-oano,,l qtdn~ion1': is:Iunsud ..In~oiz Itfrj..dpx, lojoobnl bl;llf ;·toy~ tiiu.nnd ion1 worrd mial oxotopluo, o~up 'froyu ),Itba j'atio~ ~t~ I. ~p~ui r~iI1du I'hn Old 11'uslontoooon oll, ThnttU~']jro prpo r~rilr of trnulotloni In bothi, piI)l rini h~dii oibii byL~11 I?:;o;0 nl muuoc0·rromu adn 1bo run* jihlud, ~ Ir unuythy ut Unlcoo thua I~ Cfof t liono doyt vory no put or,~ od'n~ininu'll of '{>niuor t loyiifIa; pi"ooy iioprovooiiu~lo cnoo otmdnl nolr vu!'a~Iutio.prlrz ;'l ni ~son bmloongin htrldoo n/loilo 1(111, Solnono.~ ulmo~n tiot d roormudl of, Ilov to ~ ohpld omntiocon n od r ori viio Ii·' :noos' hb6 odinttodd Ilion t o ciivnonioiiiio t1 ol t h phyo~oiUII. b~rononnl of hpno luilgon booH locui toro rapld on mull on imilro ourolon, tlino t1lInt of ooy othuor, tIill It oioy ho mlrilI, thot oitr hoowludgo of loonogonn In gunurmni, and of Iluiromo nod G rud1il In prtlo6Ulr, 10 vonrily imlprovedolo thou tI onnnmo boon em pouI ri o th ~~bi6 thorii crluinl nI. j ll lu h:30 voor(n tbt jr old It pontri 1couo ,nt t hon jolilo di rutorr su o Iiih13 muiy mt molno hrcoldin fui /In thnob~llut' Inilorllnto tie vi isiiy I fb tloo, olti lliii· 0111110, Jon ; otil cIemyI '011 trhsm\; nit~lll Ilnd Ortok wos ourinlo lo bsuomio on Inadul, 'It isl not beyond thlie mark to? :li? ,,:that e*eror work on the lebremw, ni Greek' nlangungeos in general (those ofG Eraemuas, Stepheon, and one or tw do m boe xoepted), which the studont could cotuisult; haos beoen writen since, theoo. If tb'hi'b ie$p, wlhy should we not reop the.bonerf,"wbiilh the laboliu? of great numbers of pious nnd learded meun are so wrellF crilulted" to Ibestbw ? We, mpy rest 'asuredl'thlt the labnura of such men as :Tisohoildorf, Alford, and Lneli'asn int ourF own day; and those of Oriebochl, tlill, and Bingel, in the last crntury, haveb ; nt been int I IlL Now let me speash :f the present proeieots. f revision. ThIIso; aod other oodtleorations have long influenced 'tihe win s of English cholarals'and di'vniie,, ?t of all shadtes of nploiotand, Idolog. i o theo i different sections of the ohurch, hlav ezpres.Red th.be bclif csio a trision' ic deoiailer is even rticees ry; butsumost were nfFr?qjl ha; t tt wns l I~.gly tpexpe dliet, if not, imposeshlo it was feared lst oliurohlsan and dissonlor-n I Presby terin,, Epi.onpolian, and in lldepondoet would' nt'o'operatr iot suoh an under. taking; i?ithbr rwodild the reision of ne. d?nbiniiitiatio hbo necepidd b'y 'tliheothers i-fI',ioy:'" 6"u foeurs ero s:oundlces, Wla ei u ove the ?ouost e.,tlisui,?oio rsere.ly' hopod, :.h'n boont sa?tully realized: . The Convooaeion of: i3shiops' passed a resulutinst in favour'.of'tho work0 and'propoosals were madeo thhitdistinguisshed ditvines ofl~ther 'e'imbioni snoulil be' hinvied" to ''co. opehi ." They, oguin hehrt'ily' reepoidedi to th?'intiviia'ti'otn and sitw,'tlh Oiul sti'n!'i and dissenter ire siltttsg in the Jerusolpm Ohdmber, at the samo revistig. table-oneo of Uhe nmot st5ilkitfigs taitin'la of the .6e4ntial unity of nil tift'hielt eerOnhit has, bccn seed' fi"ii nilny a d'. ??"is a bheginning .so nuspiesus, 'c oonfldently lhoio. thdit the work will so bl e sUoOce fuplly ompleted, and that ito revisiOn.of nthoso oompanies now enu d thellronn, vill bb 'ns uniii'oeilly r ed, boe -is tholrouglly, ndptI 'to tl' prdioisftt'Cie of tlheE'Dnigh l nlar6dnig0 d of English soh'olarsrji oif prebeit o:e tnas in its eday; anh T Tl " drn tboesr?geot bnsd bY cw di, t dtll. th p ek i1n'oi,.'lish ots;ee are ' sii ed t y.?ho ' . ,: " All the troiigi us denominisoins aren . ropresented, nd ?, far eseI Iknow, faith. fully,, represenedi: TIle: prlficiplo?ethat ees to lohave heeJ6 followed in thio'soleo: io ofltheo dihFe?~t compannleso s that f 6hoosjng hlilsos 'idigdu le ·in , IgohaPq no4oinanlidi, whid-onad given pfooif dP thll'i obiif'if by their plublished' ,sritdnd.< Alcrditdigly ho.is¶wihno' have wriitdi' wbrks of ?aineelowegded ecedllieDoo , on ihe Old Telstamoni, hoen bpen., iyltod' to joilst ii6 Old pTainont onetom&pany.;and those who haveo diset~ is!lil:tt h.woielyeel inote ex. posiilin~oT'Iuhri ieNow, savoh beon 'Ikeei tio joiil thd Nowes TAl ishleiot ntipnidyi Yod have times o girlerd o, i ldot onlyhat tli.' best moon will lie'ntpoyd but tcliitrti powers, w.ili be pb!e.ml:q iot.; exegrsoi1e ow :thse ubjeote wtih n?hioh. tlohey are mnoset thdrouegllyequid ninteod.- .. . :. I must confeseotLht I em lhioro doubtful regnrding thie successful issue of tile Old Toestmeont revisionthnn. f the Noew. Unquealionably, wo in ]jtain are far from bbinc iliaingdlliin.. 0, li6a 1. lodgo of Hebrew.. In. ifl peot tnon ro far, very' fb, behiind tle soan.s, From m suporeidial ikdoild~e of: tlf' sub joot, i milht i e: pr.esuiaptiohb n: ey pan{tt6 i ve nijon ;btul'tIiolieov thilosemost *cee~bb~O tojedgtihbsld s'atlliii It dmdt 0Orn'"",e.... ol'rs sWh~e' ne .... ir.tn...... il hea n 1,,0o/ti i b r 'l d no lrs ~l 'in oeres nrmy isr toin freroln,,,Tle 'de o le ) in notefas;to1.sek.i.l]n ?aqnal ofte dtielim i'nEngtnet, so for es I owi i ?wll ll owieodge of ebrofiv required for odmssto.l enist t bliO.mlnity ; n S00t lnrd a ,po,!lrhrl ssoisn?l'a neessnry in thei i"nlni ~li i -; dleb' blishled and dlis. onii;,ihbt.lit i? ' iltnitnt'yenillthhts' h'ns dro6edtled Ilulloe I'? c so n'.'no. ani3dhbidr hirp did d Cld Iornoidn tuddtll i?di~ . h'ih to heali,?nd till u eli in d?nxit'tiniiii, "B dli he . lms lin nsads :n0(°l , iit, wi l gut "iltd Il?nllci.Hilb ists i naro e ors of the I5evia nOqn~ppo, ~ nlii ue iDr', P.uesy1 ,o. osn~ht o'jiuu f'I'IbrCno 'so~arsL hiss d-'. ped inttl~of . . , ' ,. ' ... li. , i{ssePkIjT ? o einmont Compnny is ovory* d 'i ?~ Id hI desired,; ldini; onsm b " (p en' e men n Arishllbliop Triholh dle (of Ginsg?pon)i ansduD, Brrownt (f lb emirm lnt ele prseent cfnirt.ton.eontna lislhthisravislon li to.p viry grout e" trno tti o Isis cnaies si id hlilolfgnsi Slin 'li, solllno had hi, sail'd riquen it o lihi i somal torn ail l dhis itoelso vind hisibr?omlht, no small sdiuml upon hiliblffr his illbornlvliosei nod forlisle p)O.lthnoes effcirI its promtoilng a Iollbir otdersenndinl iholweon shurohmen lud: disttsourton o wnq lnot; one of thoitni divirls~sj it nunerntt none.h siays) lwhi o irsIineod of did m.Imo ,of Praios ln?,: mnd wllo nild ethIeir. frnslrnie ivill nIniseiere of ihoa hiuroh of Ronoo than n Nion.oonfisrmlt, 1eWhlloetlsere Fore tnlkinug loudly jot isn?linni with forcle Ontholiec--O I k C nlcrd Roi--e io waois sIinldi'nvul isi se nrote uinliy at inro hutwn 'eiotnnchto anlnd ilissot?orl Tlheo ionmov? Pu ? n mn nt thin juno !Iiuot~ionb \ cutei~~ii ini~ l ii.9 stis i tleU jssos. I too is 1Elible lIs no to th im (hrichj I niis.sns d i rn/.,re g o ,p ,; . l . l~T ir ' o o i . ron tity, t .. lie tenov tion will he fren flnto sootnrian .lhins ,snd ddnomlnationinl prejudion, in t hoe fnottthat, ill!itheo 'tldoannnlitimnrotereifar el oni , tesd, naidty isbn vihu onuld 1n lhn :irallb; tso nythinlt thn t n?mvjts Of donln, tionnl nseni'silteyil ii 5 Is attelmpt nt ro. vislnsi prinleduoI didsine, and not isnity; if is nvintsd hush to. riyls vyroIsltip eing1? tholuntti o mi l )tiot ctls coot tlinVrlsl lI ,v in , tiiei,.i nniitnitcet I onn ,rllhier rotntlli tqi cccl urn cl-seeds is4,)e sc,~s rl areinsrlr sisi. roelotis l n hoi i ~s sr vrlit . send, this I intln he hoi lieiioii 1nr i n mlslier if serishne , ll jo lil ih.ir l sic.n shilti nil )r. rSpii tinl I [ lin5jsi sthltee i,lircviic ho no ie a Ua ian. nlub, ii?c, I 'huIIlly hshnk, a prnl silta i?, Icousoe it tiigiht uake one Liu. loe th ? lithouiranplator1g htvoI, egdy a foregone'. conclusion regarding tlhe translatiou of, cprtnil pasgesn, and, be. canuoeo it woul)d prevent it having that Oatholic and tinsectnaratf anpect, so esen n tially requiseit. Morliover, I venture, to, aflira tbut' betweenlrntannd bin fellow tran?blilar thliere would' be few differences traceable to th diverkitly of their cre'eds.. From thie charaeter and learning of the men; we .may feel fully confiderit that the work is in inafo. hand.i,, nd will e l ell' eciuted, I They .will tnot meddle rashlily with our viinerableversioion; nS no of Ith rules by wlhil? they re 'tao ,e guided ie, thalit no chapo isnto bo mido in tliohe text or words, uiinlies' w?icl nbalutely iiceas nary to pyeveqa, uiiniako and incorrect rendering. Like,ltioirOfredcscnriro , thley, dloi 'tntolntept. to imike,.a Ihld!' version goud, iut.rathlier to make a cood oloiebot oqr You will fel little odilfereioce; your fauvourltoi pssigeosrwill read and sound the samei iid wi;here ii clhangb hs lboeen ln uad' yiu wi!ll fdl iliht it has been fr' the belter, I1 is not a new iransil;ioin, but 'a 'enision i:I'he old, tliatis,nt le ulit., eitipted.- All theo excellenco of the pre. elit 'wtill beo .retained; it 'lheauty, simplicity, aud dignity mill' be: enrefully' pre0Served nd onily tie err0os and incoun* sistenoies removed. Ot?? llusioin 9 anothqrln lijenion, and I em. done.. All I.il prop(i'eunilp, ud 'ill this talk'. about ovision, .will unsetlle iien' a miinds, it is aften affirmed., How cln it hlive that effcct? 1 If there aire auny :o' very ignbralit eas tro u?p.' lpse that "ilti l ary v e? de 'of oer 1ig iseht v?res?on are jinst asn 'tuhl;, leo words of God a'n thoi if the oigilin Inguages, thoieo;onier t:he niinds of such, pernos maro..:u'naottlod., thoerbo or; f .r,i intil this is, done, lhe truthl will bbh conaeoled fr~ln'' thleir ih.t i ' To dri oeurngt uiirtg o to ro t in i ili a deoi. sion, end a lit refroirn frt tollt gl l ni'S for tlheir oblijgl!t6ieuient, ten fthi plOa ttlat suth deluvion in necosesny hor retaining ihe conviction lial the Bible is the, Word; oh Guid,mwould roendoit ui guilty ofanoooepti ing ithe 'itihekiio doctrine tltit tlhe' enrd: einalotinba'tlelnrien:n ai'nd ofat oting on tlhe ,principle, Let ui doev netl tt gpood inm' come" If:ther i? 'any?hi g ~pro thlini annotlcr .alnuhuinrd to loea: mon t I uslpeot ,the truths-of Goid's .Wordn it is thatof itrealingtlhe lwirds. .nd"I'. works! of:maen wirh that reverenco duo only toadthoso of Gori hlinsolf, As liuredlynIehn no synm. pathly vIvi h egrtaipn c las f persons teotn (i lrnh ',it?n; g.? nlO"an-mnlid.rl;:' i P r ' ,tlhelnsonoe in opouting lteirrinhl~del senti:i ;.ents,: esnpoullh in praneice of tIeir gralidilotlloers and otlier;:gravo. pdople,,for tlre purpose of ehbjkIio k tlng n' the f, cd lo' cro grantly nieied hi" dei ylo'st'?nh'o~i'ofi hey' h'a''et; id'lyt'i tIelot"ylni.rdjnrgo eiaii'if addced' ropy-liwen, they iostil to, Ioly ,ord ,if od.d Senli persons are just ens ligotediy, anod:ignorantly,ltnobeil to novellioes and' herosies, aie their grand. mdtliere are to r olthodoxy anid thle' Biblle LotJ6s 'a:void'hliothl' oxtire'lnee i :tle thi·", find' ti'ef~ridre 'th 6sfets ntlt · in ' etiween the twoy'. ,J f id llrie qienn, r i itvorj would.oly boo n iosult to your 'unddr2 eni?ndingae to ;dw\o I longer in refuting Seeing., i hon.tha. tel]ngl;ilaigunageo; hn,?i;noh':un'dUeh 6i dit inlibridh?ti ohn'leies sitbllo 16il.--livlng gained nsome wordsf, wlikIqareos~ 'eorrarnudd liai;~:F l;n; aiiywapaoili aor1 ]:idhlse li nge t anly.,,wo~pJ~agp R ou OU blilgo-~ hopo g uloste oem.,r i.hili :ro, t.o .,put- irerslnln 'lut..r.o longer,runderatood-- lhaving /hlinnged ;the n~ondningo:fof h eisre, wilrio tnow mislead thlio;ridirdd- ':n'od' it'higil'h:t6' to hre noir ting h1 nt, aliir? r ef e or for Inpntot rripr r i ii l?' ,g" or i arid noelP trutwkprl?y ? othrreapea~:p, lian. anyiknown.to our,trlnldatnore;, s.ee. fng thllt oninhorso hr . Ioilrnted, talentedl,; ithd liTou:tilnr htvle, during thle last 250' yearn hooda ileotig "niot or f a -i hdalil rile' li rheI ir energien to anstcrlti.' tha' Wiit?i weord. orlplph.yod by the.inspilred ppnjnion I4, p?jl ? oy l,,ila iI etas!!ni f aiti q U oePRAo failly petrflirmihdh I soilreoly .oven ,beoer), nitoerptd bheforeb t .I ,pnrleil and.seilng, 'tllr'iitciwj iliIterhi ~ned irnvidenceo' of Go,'i thlorebo'6 o pli iptlidd: of lairi?ed.' t'o 'hI. onin a~o{ the diffret rol'dli?u?ibeodho? :cud eoyitg~jn Ike enifldegn a of gliolr ro" Apoqt~gpp oltv ; f~lnq?toq ,;.Pcgpiaod, n, !ha wovrklrstrla6is l ·i. .Illitbouonadou, ionlrn'pososaid -of tlle hlghostonuohoh'rvt mrwrs'illaIfreeeihj end heehtlth tlthenhnoe f it i i t ie ' lr i hndf'llo thdit i lloh ,,reikf l'tP tli n6tlii tiled lItt thi inamp? liugd 'hfieifo"tib?h htope ?o nehgo~t l~.t1~J hi~'lteu ci tiely.0d' n pou .,,f 4Co1nR;.,nd', ll~nsdl lp?,": ,?d.,kil~dy;.' li.g a now Iveorolonr, ofhilho Sarlpturas--r avinlyl tfll" the exoolleth'o anlidnnnone of Ithe de feold' of thd prnroadrit pl;iptr oliclirlg ro"ii i'"ho ie'rfdbttlo en? w"b"ihil epot onPe Pl9~1 iseyiMF JUR?:.; (1q prosysl movenient i o , , " l, i I ,,t l oe lIwn;nbulirt'nl? tho]liblni n..tlio thFel elii. tlnirofhn lh hoole bodytf the panplo~vet' Ia'hriiligln IiteqodtFbrco'rre linjuro It;nnaid hoiuao r thLdr donrir'lihon obilt hotnefit it thiii, ,i; ad,¢ : tl<]a "tj l( i6i :"l . o T e ibtll h,,s u,.lal?0'd ,japy ',4!n o ldyri g thoe? 1800( yo.Ur,'tnih Dl lh hingdp P1thii (ip ''Ji oruoithlo in.line day.: .Jlvary llo. and imord hiivl hioon Ibnnontd with mieroseopia iiilninditeics,.i' liddri tod terila t'threrfrdaelr omle n?ol'o.nntrnIliply i .';irle. r?ord le f i heonry nrirqi ilyl iyoh iwat , rinsaced i rli, prdetr to drng out ?olto wItnIIcPi to testify ngrinst Ithe itrli otifild' iltlemonuts,; !lt' lion nurvgyhd rahi f.dtali'i' , I1I t taond t. e i l t dwelll " ili u cao l pou l~i ul t hll ou tir tnta h i ..l.. Ran ..payi ilspur . l,, li the throeo Jeowlli:.; yotthl. ,rrout Nobtohndneznra Fdr' ih ioon Thliere in no eliro, u'c r li 1t lid'th o j'ibl6"" It ''thn1 ha'n s inovntor nt tihih nli' l rli ltl?la 'orfer, Hnve ntnt those entlonn w,,hioh .htve ilaloptd lie endo, boern lilwnlas in Ith'o .van rf prigresls? li ave le iphrelk of nmy' cnin allllty dldridHrntii'd fretirerbdllnlgit l ]Invo nny fnmllis born; riulind, frt14 nati 'iig on ite arsinltlhel : Inas ainy nntlonp:dr . lhiinil :Ithir'nuh I' ntnllioheit , to'n liar lrinoolPh a Weqll sn?w(?ell phnilitonhly; tn, .ptil , eopI, !, .1 (i C l' ai'n 'iilds 'tlol, a lorlonitin ltrirlnltt alty,? acA pthigt, It non .ilh.wl aih liti ohilnltmUntnrti fiirdrh' Io fightl orl acii iju wnifig bvi Id ilith ortlt 1thl tiletDltuhll, I n evrl l?i'f i'liij' i, ,fory, 