THE THREE PINES: A TALE OF MYSTERY. : To me it seems that the pinks have never blossomed so beautifully as this year since the time I came, a poor jour neyman, _to_ this town, 50 years ago. Perhaps it is a summons from Felix, °to prepare for my long journey ; so I will wait no longer to write down all I know about a strange occurrence that took place under my own eyes, and it is well worth knowing. It was just such a calm, peaceful evening as this when I entered the city and looked around for the Head," the sign of Master Wehringer, the goldsmith, to whom my master at Frankfort had given me a letter of recommendation. In the door of the shop bearing the sign, leaned a young man, who said to me lauc'hin°rlv • "Well my good fellow, what's the matter? It isn't supper-time yet.". He said^ that because I held my mouth wide open, and was staring at him with all my might. I had never seen so handsome a young fellow in all my days. Then I told him how anxious I was to work in the shop of the celebrated Master Wehringer, and showed him my letter, whereupon he said, soberly, " It is not an easy matter to get into my father's shop. He is in the garden, there; go, and try your luck." The master seemed to love flowers as dearly as I did ; but he had not many pleasant i words for me. For days he" tried my! skill and patience with all sorts of diffi : cult trial-pieces ; but I learned a great deal more there during my stay than I J could have learned under a less severe j master. For Master Wehringer was cele j brated far and wide, and his son Felix I hardly less so ; indeed, I thought that in drawing and designing he rather excelled ! the old master, but he had not the | patience and perseverance for executing the work. We led a quiet life in the old house. Besides Felix there were three journey men, of whom one, Gotthard,. was fifty, years old, and had been a long while with the master. I hen there were two apprentice boys, and an old servant girl' in the kitchen ; and the charge of the household was in the hands of Fides, an orphan from her early childhood, raised in the house, and niece to the master. Hie master s wife had died some years ago. Fides discharged her household duties to the satisfaction of every one • even Master Wehringer was pleased, and^ truly, a more lovely and loveable specimen of a genuine burgher's child could not well be found among the fussy, fashionably dressed dolls I see now-a days. _ Many a one had gazed too deep down into her merry blue eyes, but she seemed to have eyes for only one per son in the world, Felix, to whom she was to be married when she reached her twentieth birthday. "Almost a vear from now," old Gotthard said; ""I wonder why the master does not let them make the wedding now, instead of put ting it off so long. I should not, if I were in his place ; but Master Wehringer has' a head of his own." "Now, that is curious," said I. "I never should have suspected that Felix stood in such rela tionship to her, though Fides does not seem to guard her liking him so much as a secret." Gotthard shook his head, and walked away; I looked after him medi tatmgly. Did he mean to say Felix did not love the girl well enough to marry her. Possible. Or, perhaps he loved some one else better—perhaps a girl be low his own station in life ; such things hp'V® been, and will be again. 1 cast about in my own mind what the mvstery could be, but no one acted less like a man nursing a secret or unhappy love than Felix ; he was good natured and light-hearted always, and never so happy as when he could carry out some prac tical joke. It was hard to believe that he could have made a secret of anything ; but it was no business of mine, so I at tended to my tasks, and enjoyed my life as best I could. I have already intimated that it was with difficulty I obtained a place with the master at all, my services were really not needed, and the rooms in which the journeymen and apprentices slept were all occupied, so that a little room was given me in the main building next to Felix's. Many a leisure hour! morning and evening, Felix and I spent together, laughing, talking, and concoct ing plans for some fresh mischief, some new prank. Such meetings always took place in my room, for there was little space in Felix's room, which was always m a state of wretched confusion, and shameful disorder. This was a pity, for the room was pleasant enough ; the morning sun greeted it with its earliest rays, and from the window could be seen the garden of a grand house in another street, which garden was filled with large, handsome trees, and beautiful flowers of native and foreign growth. I could have looked at all these splendid things by the hour; but Felix did not seem to care about them at all; ind'eed, he did not even appear to relish my look ing at them. " The neighbors over there are very haughty people,*' he said on one occasion, in an unusual crocs tone, " and have complained to goodness knows Whom about this window. It did not do them any good, to be sure ; still, these people 1 are among our best customers, and we want td avoid giving them offence." And Grotthard told me that for some time past the widowed^ Lady Beatrice had lived there ; she lived in a grand style, he said, and lavished large sums on jewellery and silver; that was all he knew of her and her doings. I have already told what a frightful state Felix's room was in ; of ornaments and nick nacks there was nothing to be seen there, so I was all the more surprised to find constantly, on a small table by the win dow, an antique goblet of rriagmfieent cut glass, holding a bunch of dark red pinks, which filled the room with their delicious odour. I had noticed these the first time I ever" set foot in his room early in the month, of Jundj "vfrhen these flowers arc rare, except where they are forced in hot houses ; 1 found them through the month °l w^ien ^hey blossom anywhere, and they were there late in August, when they are hardly to be seen' any more. They were always fresh, and always of the kind which blossom only here in rdj garden; till then I had never seen this color a deep glowing crimson, to be compared only to the heart's blood ; and ! this I had said to Felix when I first saw j them. He smiled gaily, nodded his head, | and said : " You afe right, Han3 i they are like the heart's blood, and just as dear to me. I know of nothing better than this flower—this color—this fra grance. ' And lie looked at them with a look so loving that I was surprised to find it in his eyes, and he bent down, over the flowers so low—so low that I thought he must kiss them. At another time I asked where he got the flowers, and how he kept them always fresh ; and he said that a gardener, living not far from town—a friend of his—always kept them for him, and he brought them from there in his morning walk. Though he spoke all this in his usual half careless, , half pleasant manner, I thought my j | questions annoyed him, so I asked no I ! more; nor should I have asked at all, had I not been so inordinately fond of j flowers myself. Perhaps I should never have heeded these again but for an occurrence, one morning, that seemed to throw a new light on some things, and made me feel uncomfor table enough. I had been sent upstairs for something in- my room, and was told to step also into Felix's, and bring from there a design he had made of a very ele gant goblet, ordered by the Lady Beatrice. As I stepped into his room, and looked about for the drawing, by the merest ac cident I came closer to the window, and, looking up, saw at the window of the grand house across the garden, a tall, dark dressed _ female figure, leaning far out, and holding to her face a bunch of flowers. It was not very near to me, but my eyes are of the sharpest, and I could see distinctly that she was looking at Felix's window—perhaps at me, where I stood half concealed by the shadow of the curtain; and the flowers in her hand were of the same kind as those standing in the glass by the window. What other flower could show the.same deep, flaming red? With a I chilly sensation, I drew back, feeling as though I had seen something that "was very sad and very wrong; and I must have shown this in my face when I re entered the shop, for Felix said :—" God keep us, Hans, have you seen a ghost?" I shook my head, and laughed; but some time after, when I was again in his room, I said, casually, that those pinks were not so rare after all, for I had seen a cluster of them in the hands of a woman belonging to yonder house. After hastily glancing up at me, when I first began speaking, he stooped over his drawing again, saying carelessly, "I thought you had see a gliost, or had had a vision ; leastwise J have never seen anything like that over there. Besides, my gardener givies no one any of my pinks. " He got up directly after, pushed back his drawing, and left the room with me ; and though he kept his room locked after this, I had another startling encounter a few days later. With a half-finished piece of work, Master Wehringer sent me to the Lady Beatrice, as he had no time himself to go, and Felix was not at home. I was taken to her cabinet, and directly she stepped in from the next apartment; a slender, proud figure, in black dress, with strangely beautiful face, and large dark eyes. She walked lightly and swiftly, as we approach a dear friend who has just come to surprise us; but when she saw me, she stopped abruptly, and regarded me with a haughty, searching look. Her voice was cold and proud when she asked me, " What do you want—who are you —why does not the master come himself ?" And though her voice grew milder during our consultation on the piece of jewellery I was carrying, it was far from pleasant, and I left her at the earliest possible moment. Just as I turned to close the door of the room behind me,' I saw, on a little table by the window, a magnificent antique goblet of cut-glass, and in it a bouquet of blood red pinks 'l Then, again, on a Sunday morning I saw the Lady Beatrice going to mass, and in her hand was the breviary and a cluster of dark red pinks. By the door of the 1 Catholic Church stood Felix, the Protes tant, and he too had a pink fastened in his button-hole. As the lady passed close by him, her eyes met his with a deep meaning look ; and .a flower fell from her hand, which Felix picked from the ground When I met him a little later, there were two pinks in his button-hole, and his face was radiant as the sky on a clear sprint day. That is all. And though I did not comprehend it all at thai time, I could well understand that two such be ings should be fond of each other, for handsomer .people than these two could not be found anywhere. Fides, how ever, would have lost nothing by a com parison with the lady, for there was affection in her eye, and gentleness and truth spoke from every feature of her face; while the eye and bearing of | Lady Beatrice spoke of pride and self conasiousnessj in spite of all her grace and beatity, Her affability was conde scension ; and for such people I have all proper respect, but no love. But lovely as blue-eyed Fides was, Felix took no more interest in her than a brother might have done; and a stranger coming into the family would never have thought that the two were soon to be husband and wife. Even Master Wehringer was one night betrayed into saying, " I should like to kn'ow from whom Felix has in herited his fish-blood." But that could not alter matters, and the person most concerned, Fides, went her way quietly, apparently unconscious that things were not as they should be ; although I thought, after a time, that her eye was leas bright than it used to be, and her cheek less round. That she had ever been a romping, laughing girl, as Gotthard described her to have been in former days, I could hardly believe, though she never hesitated to enter into joke and laughter ever now. Felix, as I said before, took no notice of her; but the old master had either made good use of his oftn eyes, or else been roused up by some one to take notice of the true state of affairs. He was naturally gifted with good sense and keen eyes, and after a day or two he was master of the situa tion, and grasped the lines with a firm: hand. He spoke sharper and shorter thail ever j his looks darted from one to the other. And one morning, as I passed through the house, on my way up stairs, I heard Fides' trembling voice, and the anxious frightened words : " For the love of heaven, father-^-you must not do so. What if he has^ no heart for me V " Nonsense—heart!" I could hear the master's growling voice ; " honesty and decency"—but that was all I heard, for I am not given to listening, and hurried by the door as quickly as possible. What was going on was easily to be guessed; and I knew what it meant when the master called Felix out of the shop soon after. Felix Seemed to have some curiosity to know what his father wanted ; but I had none at all. All remained quiet; and the old master returned after awhile, but not Felix. Nor did he make his appearance at the dinner table, though Fide3 was in her usual place, pale and still, and her eyes red from crying. After dinner I went back into the shop : I was at work on a piece of jewellery in which I took great interest, and would hurry away from my meals to get back to my work. Pretty soon Felix came in, looked about him, and said, softly, "Hans, I believe you to be my true friend. Father is sending me to Amsterdam to buy up gems, and "—he laughed bitterly—" to come to my senses during the three weeks. It came so suddenly that I could make no preparations, and in an hour I must leave. Then I want yon to go to my room, and draw in whatever you see hanging from my window; close to the window, and let no one see what you are doing. Will you promise ?" "I will do it," said I, though 1 thought it rather a ticklish affair. " And then," he con tinued, as a bright color shot over his pale face, and he hesitated often as he spoke— " and then, when that jewel lery for Lady Beatrice i3 finished, do you try and carry it to her your self, and let her' know that I am gone, and for how long. It will be easy for you to tell her that—she will be sure to ask for me, as I always carry the work there myself. You see there, is some one in that house of whom I think a great deal; I can send no message, butt through the lady it will be made known. Be faithful." He closed abruptly as steps approached. " Adieu"— and he was gone. When I heard him ride away I went up stairs, drew in his old tramping dress and knapsack from the window and closed it; but the rest of his charge 1 could not carry into effect, for old Gotthard carried the jewellery to Lady Beatrice, when it was finished. . I had a suspicion that the old master ; might not trust me, and my suspicion was soon confirmed ; for he called me to him in the garden one day, and commenced catechising me. "You have always been treated well, and I have always been satisfied with you; but I am master in my own house, and want to know every thing that goes on, when it concerns the welfare of those belonging to me. You know of Felix's stubborn behavior. There must be a reason for it, and I want you to tell me of it, for you. have always been his bosom friend, and I want to know these things for his own good." He spoke seriously and earnestly, and I thought it was nob wrong to tell him of the pinks, of the woman at the window, and of the meeting at the church door ; but of Felix's last charge I told him-, nothing—it would have seemed like treachery. The master listened. with a wrinkled brow. " Yery well; I had thought as much myself, and told him of it too." (To be concluded in our next.) 