the address he had just delivered.' It was marked by great fervency and a deep-toned spirituality, which were the characterises of their brother's ministry. He did not know that he ever listened to anything from Mr. Man- thorpe's lips which had given him greater plea- sure. The Chairman had told him his recent illness had affected his brain, but it appeared to him that it had considerably brightened his brain —(a laugh, and Hear, hear)— and deepened the spiritual part of his nature. He did not know that there was anything special to criticise or eulogize in the address; he liked the whole of it, and had therefore much pleasure in moving the vote of thanks. (Applause.) The Rev.W. Wilson cordially seconded the motion. The Rev. P. W. Cox supported the resolution, and remarked that there were two or three topics which ought to engage the attention of the Union that day. He referred to the supply of ministers for the vacant churches. He found that there were several vacancies in the churches, and the difficulties were now, as they had always been, very considerable in bringing out ministers from the mother-country. Perhaps they were greater now than they were formerly, because of the demand in England for the class of men that they should like to see brought out. The question was a broad one, and claimed attention— whether they should continue to de- pend upon England, or endeavour to raise up ministers in the colony. (Hear, hear.) Some clear course of action was desirable or their, Churches would be in danger of ceasing or lapsing into other bodies. With respect to the movement about Ritualism, he confessed that on his recent visit to England, although he was moving about in what he might call Church of England circles to a greater extent than he had ever done since his childhood, he was surprised to hear so little of it. He found remarks were sometimes made respecting neighbouring minister, who were carrying things with rather a high hand; but much less attention was paid to what was known as Ritualism, and less effects were produced by it than the newspapers might lead them to suppose. No doubt something was due to the tendency towards aesthetic culture, which prevailed amongst all classes to a great extent. They could scarcely go into any village or town in England in which the work of resto- ration was not going on with buildings which were previously in a great state of dilapidation. That was one good thing, but his impression was that the uprise of Ritualism in the Church lay deeper than that. He remembered some years ago when Ritualism was first beginning to agitate society that the Rev. T. Binney quoted from some author to the effect that owing to the trammels enforced upon them by their alliance with the State, the Church of England had been distanced in the race with the Dissenters, and that they must go back to the old method of priestly authority, telling the people that they were divinely appointed, and that they must come to them on peril of their souls' salvation. This had been done by men of the most con- summate scholarship. There was Professor Newman, who began with evangelical conversion in the Church of England. Then he began to see one thing after another, which gave him a clear view as to the hold to be obtained again upon the people of England by the Church of England, and thus he saw a medium way be- tween Roman Catholicism on the one hand, and pure Evangelism on the other; but, driven to that, he finds he must go the whole length, and go to the Church which has these things in the fullest and most logical development. They thus went back to the middle ages, when every- thing was left to the minister and priest, who swayed the censers on the side of salvation, as some one had remarked, and gave utterance to his own ecclesiastical autho- rity, so as to win the people back again. This view of the matter was a much more serious one than that of making churches pretty or restoring those that were dilapidated. He joined most cordially in the expressions of approval which had been made at the tone and spirit of the address to which they had just listened. (Applause.) The resolution was put and carried, and the Chairman returned thanks. HOME MISSION. The report was read, and is published in another column in connection with the evening meeting. Mr. W. C. Buik, the Treasurer, said he had received at the last moment several contribu- tions, which altered the position of the finances. The receipts were £331 3s. 2d.; and the expen- diture, £250 13s. 8d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £80 9s. 6d. The Hon. A. Stow said he would add an explanatory foot-note to the report. The Rev. M. H. Hodge wished to make a few remarks touching the matter of having a fund for retired or aged ministers. He thought it was a disgrace to them as a community that they had no such fund. He had been assured by a Wesleyan that in connection with their de- nomination they had something like £25,000 for the purpose of relieving ministers as they became too old to preach. If this fund had been started when it was first mooted they might have had some thousands of pounds by now. He hoped some of their rich men would come out with their hundreds and thousands — (a laugh)— and make a commencement, and he had no doubt the various Churches would readily have a collection once a year to assist in in- creasing the fund. When he was travelling in connection with the London Missionary Society he found that many of their ministers who had spent most of their life in the cause of God were almost starving. Their Churches had declined because their day was done as preachers, and they should have been pensioned and younger men put in their place. They must not think that the young man who was addressing them— (a laugh) — felt any special interest in the matter, because he expected to live many years yet, and he could therefore speak boldly upon it. He urged the attention of the matter to all present, and moved the adoption of the report. The Rev. J. Price (Baptist), in supporting the adoption of the report, took the opportunity of expressing the feeling of deep interest which the Baptist Association felt in the work they were carrying on, in connection with the whole Church of Church. It was quite manifest that not only were their aims, words, and spirit one, but that the difficulties which each Association had to encounter were identical. He could not help availing himself of that occasion of express- ing his deep thankfulness that an address of the character to which they had listened would go forth to the Christian public, reaching more people than an ordinary Sunday discourse could do, and going forth as it did with some consi- derable amount of authority would probably accomplish more good than they could expect from a single effort on the Sabbath. If they could come up to the spirit of that address their difficulties would be greatly overcome. If they were so distinct - in the Christian doctrine— in its reception and utterance— if they were so simple in Christian ritual, and stood so firmly on the foundation of their faith— they need not fear rationalism or ritualism, and they would greatly aid in over- coming indifferentism, which was perhaps a greater evil than either of the other two. (Ap- plause.) The Chairman said he was glad to see Mr. Price with them, and at the expression of brotherly feeling which he had conveyed to the Union on the part of the Baptist Association. The motion for the adoption of the report was then put and carried. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INDEPENDENT. The Hon. A. Stow reported that the Magazine was doing well. They had about 600 sub- scribers, and a balance of £40 in excess of their liabilities, and the prospects of the future were very hopeful. VOTE OF SYMPATHY TO THE REV. C. W. EVAN. The Rey. M. H. Hodge moved a vote of sympathy towards the Rev. C. W. Evan, and an expression of regret at the circumstances which had compelled him to relinquish the pastorate of Stow Church. He had listened to Mr. Evan's discourses with the greatest delight, and it seemed a pity that a man of his ability had not a more robust constitution. The Hon. T. Reynolds hoped the hint which Mr. Hodge had given in connection with a fund for aged ministers would be taken up, and that they would be able to form a fund for the pur- pose of assisting those who, after years of hard labour in the cause of religion, were compelled by advancing age or other causes to retire from the ministry. He rose to second the vote of sympathy to Mr. Evan. He had never listened to a preacher with more-pleasure than he had to Mr. Evan, and he hoped his health would be so far preserved as that his voice would not only be heard in their deliberations at the meetings of the Union, but occasionally in their pulpits. (Hear, hear.) , The Rev. J. Jefferis hoped as many as possible would further testify their feelings by being present at the meeting on the following evening. (Hear, hear.) . The CHAIBMAN echoed the sentiments which previous speakers had uttered. He did hope that, although Mr. Evan was for the present laid aside from the work of a pastor, that he might be long spared, and that they might hear his voice at their gatherings. The motion was put and carried. WELCOME TO REV. F. W. COX. The Rev. M. Williams, B.A., moved that the congratulation of the Union be tendered to Mr. Cox and family on their safe return to the colony. Mr. Cox had rendered eminent service to their cause and to the public generally, and he was sure they would all be glad to welcome him back amongst them. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. H. Cheetham seconded the vote, which was carried, and the Rev. F. W. Cox briefly replied. ELECTION OP OFFICERS. The following officers were then elected : — Chairman for 1872-3, Rev. P. W. Cox ; Trea- surer, A. Hay, Esq., M.P.; Secretaries, Rev. E. Griffiths and Hon. A. Stow; Finance Secretary, Mr. W. C. Buik; Remainder of Committee, Rev. C. W. Evan, B. A., Rev. F. W. Cox, Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Rev. C Manthorpe, Rev. H. Cheetham, Rev. S. L. Harris, Rev. E. Griffiths, and Rev. A. Scales, Hon. T. Reynolds, and Messrs. A. Adamson, J. M. Anderson/ J. A. Chartier, T. Caterer, H. Dean, G. P. Doolette,* J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, A. Gore, J. Grouse; W. Newbould, W. Palmer, W. H. Newbould,; G. Phillips, J. Pickering, J. Porter, G. Scrym gour, G. Scrymgour, jun., J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley, and S. Whitmore. . HALF-YEARLY MEETING. The next business was to fix when and where the half-yearly meeting should take place. Mr. W. C. Buik proposed that the half yearly meeting be dispensed with, as for some years past the half-yearly meetings had been very poorly attended, and the Churches to; which they had been invited had been put to very coasiderable trouble, and expense to no purpose. , The Hon. A. Stow suggested, on the question of their meetings generally, that they should transact the formal business in the daytime, and have the Chairman's address and do other business at the evening meeting, as was done in Victoria. The Rev. J. Price— On one occasion the Baptist Association had the Chairman's address at the evening meeting, but it was felt that this plan restricted somewhat the discussion. Mr. Hay, M.P., said in Tasmania the Chair man's address was given in the evening, and next day the Union met for business. The Hon. T. Reynolds thought if the half yearly meetings were held in the city, they would be well attended. Persons in town could not afford the time and money necessary to attend meetings in the country. One day in the year was not sufficient to consider all the questions which it was necessary that they as a denomination should discuss. There was one important question requiring ? attention, and that vras the question of a NonDenomina tional University, but it had not been possible to bring this question forward yet. If they were only to meet once in twelve months, and then only for one day, there would never be much done by the Congregational Union, although there might be many public questions affecting the body. Mr. W..C. Buik would withdraw his motion if it were understood that the half-yearly meetings would be held in the city. The Rev. F. W. Cox said the original idea of the half-yearly meetings was that they should benefit and revive the country districts. So long, therefore, as country Churches invited the Union the half-yearly meetings should be held in' the country. If no invitation was given it would be a pretty clear indication that their country friends did not want them. ' Mr. W. Lewis was opposed to holding the half-yearly meetings in the city, as it was an expense to country members to come to Ade laide. The Rev. J. Howie thought it might be left to the Committee, but it would be hard to pass a resolution that all the meetings be held in Adelaide. The Rev. W. Harcus thought they should be very careful in altering old . usages, especially without due notice being given. Several very interesting meetings had been held in the country, and the brethren were always liberally and hospitably' entertained. He thought Mr. Howie's suggestions would best meet the case. It was resolved, on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Howie, seconded by the Rev. Mr.OLDHAir, ' That the matter be left to the Committee to act according to their discretion. # The Hon. A. Stow moved—' That it be an instruction to the Committee to arrange for holding part of the next annual deliberative meeting in the evening.' Mr. A. Hay quite agreed with this ; but he did not think it should be made absolutely imperative. Mr. Stow said then he would add the words 'should they consider it desirable to do so.' The motion was carried with this addition. An adjournment of ten minutes was then made for refreshment. 'THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INDEPENDENT.' The Chairman referred to specimen copies of the denominational magazine, which had been placed in the seats of that church for gratuitous distribution, faying he hoped .they would be taken, and that efforts would be made to increase the circulation. The monthly revenue was. £13, the expense £9, leaving a balance to their funds: of £4 per month; and. if their circulation was extended the revenue of course would be greater. THE RELATION OF CHRISTIANITY : TO THE CIVIL GOVERNMENT. The Rev. J. Jefferis was then called upon.to read a paper on the above subject. It was as follows:— '' ,: . - 'The dream of a 'Christian State1 is almost over. Especially in the British Empire has tke illusion been dispelled. The union of the political and the theocratic is approaching .its end. We are living in years that are very fruitful in the outcome of great principles which have long been silently working. One of these, which in England has taken many centuries to approach maturity, is the right of every man to think for himself, 'and not to allow others to think for him in matters of religion. It is now oonceded on all hands that Government must not inter fere with conscience. The State which defines religious belief, enjoins a particular mode of worship, and endows certain obedient Churches is felt to be intruding beyond its legitimate sphere. However worthy its aim, whatever good results may . have been achieved by its action, its continuance in this order of things is opposed to the modern Christian conscience. The realm of faith lies beyond the realm governed by an earthly power. Let Ctesar's tribute be fully and honourably paid, but let not Caesar interfere with the tribute demanded by God. We may well illustrate the change that has come over the mind of England on this point during the past half -century )Sy the change that has taken place in the opinions of the greatest of English statesmen. Somewhat more than 30 years ago Mr. Gladstone affirmed that every nation had a conscience, that it was bound to adopt some form of religious belief, that the propagation of this religious belief was one of the chief ends of Government. Twenty years ago he said— r We cannot change the profound and resistiess tendencies of the age towards religious liberty— it is our business to guide and control their application. Do this you may; but to' endeavour to turn them backward is the sport of children done by the hands of men, and every effort you make in that direction, will' onlv recoil upon you in disaster and, disgrace.' In his chapter of autobiography, published in 1868, after giving a view of the alterations which had taken place in the laws bearing on religion, he says— 'The idea of asserting on the part of the ? National Church those exclusive, claim's which become positively unjust in a divided country, governed on populaV principles, has been abandoned by all parties in the State.' And, he adds, in words aa true for his country as. they are honourable to himself, f I, who may tave helped to mislead many by an over-hasty generalization, would now submit what seems to me calculated to reassure the public mind.' I make my appeal to the history of the last 35 years. During those years what may be called the dogmatic allegiance of the State to religion has been greatly retarded; but its conscious ness of moral duty has been not less notably quickened and enhanced. We, in South Aus tralia, have long ago reached the goal which is being striven after by many of the noblest minds of England. We have settled it once and for ever that there shall be no dominant form of religion. Religious freedom and religious equality, to the fullest possible degree, is affirmed or implied by various Acts of Parlia ment. Our Government is absolutely unfettered by the least fragment of clerical power. And yet there must be some relation, whether . well or ill defined, between Christianity and civil government. Neither can ignore the other. The two cannot be completely sepa rated as long as we continue a Christian people. What we need to learn is the degree in which the one may lawfully— that is, in accordance with Divine law— help or restrain the operations of the other. No thoughtful statesman or minister of religion can avoid seeing the difficulties which are connected with the solution of this problem. It is far easier to secure the recognition of a principle and to embody it in law than it is to apply it to the varying exigencies of social life. There is no doubt that one vi the first results of religious freeedom has been the disintegra tion of Christendom. The old unity, greater in seeming than in reality, has been broken up. The State now finds itself confronted with a multitude of sects, each claiming its protection. There is a chaos of conflicting opinions and many forms of worship. How shall the State act towards these in the spirit of the Consti tution and according to existing laws ? There are two points of contact. The State has to - do with Christianity in respect to the doctrines which are taught by it, and the ecclesiastical organizations into which these doctrines have crystallized. In looking at the doctrines of Christianity, there is a distinction obvious enough, but too often overlooked. The NewTesta ment contains a series of truths which are of a supernatural order. This is the special domain of Christian belief, and the sole arena of Christian controversy. It contains also a series of truths which are of a natural order, though pre sented with Divine sanction. This is the special domain of Christian morality, in which all Christians are at one. Now, with the first of these the statesman has nothing to do. Men may believe what they like, and express their belief in any form of worship. But with the second the statesman has much to do. He is bound to restrain evil and encourage good. The teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ on matters of individual and social morality must be embodied in legislation, and maintained by the Executive so far as their legitimate province extends. But how shall the State deal with the various ecclesiastical organizations ?— Churches as they are called ? We reply, ' By letting them alone to the utmost extent possible.' They want no permission— that has been conceded as their right. They want no patronage— that would be resented as an insult to their spiritual order. They want no power such as the State might exert on their behalf— that is opposed to their view of Christian obedience, . which, must be voluntary, and without penal sanctions. But there are occasions when the State is bound to act, or to give permission to the Churches to act in a direct religious way. The whole ques tion of education stands too closely connected with religion for the religious aspect of it to be entirely ignored. She is the foster-mother of all outcast and abandoned children. She has a vast number of paupers— imbecile and lunatic —living on her bounty. She has hospitals for the cure of the sick. She has prisons for the restraint of the criminal. This . great army cannot be left without Christian instruction. It would be a grievous abandonment of her duty and an outrage upon the conscience of the nation. There are occasions/ too, as it i would seem, when in the interests of social order she should invite the. Churches by representatives to testify their loyalty to the powers that be as ordained of God. I will not pretend to define the mode in which the Government of South Australia should act in these and similar cases. But there are two fundamental principles upon which all its actions must be based— 1. The State must not regard itself in any sense as a teacher of religion. The responsibility of giving religious instruction must be cast upon the Churches unitedly. 2. The State must treat impartially the various sects without reference to precedents, which belong to a condition of society in which the union between Church and State is still maintained/ Whatever difficulties there may be in acting upon 'these, such diffi culties must be fairly met. Forbearance and courtesy will diminish them, while arrogance and jealousy will certainly increase them.' The Rev. F. W. Cox did not know exactly if it was usual, but on the supposition that it was, he would move a vote of thauks to tho Rev. Mr. Jefferis for hi3 paper, which he did not. think was any the worse for being brief. He then commented on the relation of Church and State, and said he dare say they agreed that the State should take action as to the helpless ones in asylums, prisons, and so on, as it stood in another relation than the State towards those poor people. He was struck with an expression of Dean Alford's, who, in one of his books, speaking of the progress following the disesta blishment of the Irish Church, said the time would come when it would take place in Eng land. He said it was a logical result, and traced the various steps, each , one of which, he said, led to subsequent reforms. With regard to the principle of religious equality, he was sorry to hear that it had been set aside in what appeared to him to be an uncalled for and arbitrary manner. (Hear, hoar.) He alluded to the circumstance of the funeral of the late Governor (Sir Dominick Daly), pointing out that there was very little question as to pre cedence exhibited there, and saying that they got along very well, and did not vex each other because they were left to themselves— to their own natural sense of courtesy and forbearance. There had, however, been shown recently a marked difference between two sections of the Church here and other denominations, and he did not think . that they should suffer such things to pass without an indignant protest. (Cjheers.) . ' jMr. D.= Robin seconded5 the vote of thanks to Mr. -Jefferis for the paper, saying he thought the Church should let the State alone. ... The motion was Carried. Tte Rev. F. W. Cox then moved— 'That this' meeting views with surprise the action of, the Government in the marked dis tinction made between the representatives of religious bodies having the right of . private en'treVat the levee held on the birthday of Her Majesty, and hereby desires to express firmly its'seaseof the incompatibility of the distinc tions with the principle of religious equality prevailing in this colony, and instructs its Chairman and Secretary to forward a copy^df this resolution to His Excellency the Governor, with a respectful request that in future such arrangements-may be made as will allow the representatives of- the several religious bodies to show their respect to the representative of the Queen without any such invidious distinctions being shown.' : . ? The Rev. C. W. Evan seconded the motion; and thoroughly agreed with the remarks of the mover. He thought there were here remnants of an bid life that ought to be destroyed. (Hear, hear.) It was very evident that ecclesiastical things attached to the State here simply because they attached to; it elsewhere, although the circumstances widely differed. His own view was that ministers of religion should iiotj appear at the levee, at all in any other capacity than that of citizens. (Cheers.) Unless :thejgrievance now complained of was at once and fully removed, in his opinion the free Churches ought, to abstain altogether from appealing by their representatives on those special occasions. (Hear, hear.) He had greatly enjoyed' listening to Mr. Jefferis's paper, with the jwhole of 'which he thoroughly agreed. He suggested a verbal amendment in the motion as brought forward. ?' ??'''? ' . Tjie Hon. A. Stow said the motion, involved the 'question of whether the Chairman of the. Union should appear at the next leyce at,all in his official capacity. He thought with Mri Evan that it was far better for ministers only to . appear at levees as private citizens, because there was; not in this colony any point of contact between religious denominations as such andj the State. He recommended that a motion should be passed to the effect— 'That the 1 Chairman of the Union be requested not 'to attend the levee on the Queen's Birthday in his capacity aa Chairman.' He did not think it important in these times for any section of the Christian Church to show tlmr! loyalty to the Government. The better course would be to take it for granted that people were loyal until they showed ground for thinking they were not, and, at all events, loyalty should only be shown by them ia their capacity as members of the community. Mr. Harcus apprehended that the answer of the Governor to the resolution would be that he was simply carrying out the instructions sent him by the Home Government for the regula tion of the order of precedence. It mu3t be borne in mind that the order was introduced not by the present Governor, but by Sir D. Daly, and that it was founded upon instructions from the Colonial Office. He believed the regulations, with some slight modifications, had been re issued since the present Governor came to the colony, but he hoped they would be careful not to put themselves in antagonism to the powers that be. He need hardly say, however, that he was utterly opposed to the order of precedence as now laid down. It was absurd on the face of it, for it gave precedence to the representatives of certain religious bodies over the highest civil | functionaries in the 'province. (Hear, hear.)' He thought a remonstrance might fairly proceed from the meeting, but he was not sure whether ! it should go the full length of the resolution. ' He could not vote for Mr. Stow's amendment, 1 because it imposed a restraint upon the Chair- ; man which ought not to be imposed, seeing that it ought to be left with him to say whether he : would attend in his representative capacity or not. ' . The Hon. T. Reynolds was glad the subject had ibeen brought forward. He happened to know something about the state of the case. Just prior to the arrival of the Duke of Edin burgh, the Home Government thought proper to send out what was nearly a copy of the regula tions of 1843. No doubt they were a relic of past ages, and ought to be altered; but they had been merely sent out as some guide for the Governor until the various colonial Governments thought fit to rearrange the matter. Properly speaking they only applied to Crown colonies, for those possessing responsible government had . the right to alter them, and he must express his surprise that no alteration had been made in themi The Government -in. office when the regulations were gazetted by Sir D. Daly had prepared a new list, removing the grounds of objection to which reference had been made, and that he believed now lay in the Chief Secretary's pigeon-hole. He had at one time given, the Parliament io rest until it had agreed that the office of Colonial Chaplain should expire with the death of its then holder, and he hoped the Congregational Union in pursuance of its rights would give the Government no rest until it had removed this other relic of a state of things which had no existence in this colony. (Ap plause.) The Rev. J. Jefferis wished to remove a little misapprehension from the mind of Mr. Harcus. , When Chairman of the Union he had thought it his duty to take a great deal of trouble in obtaininginformation on this subject. Thinking that as representative of the Congregational body he had been slighted, he did not attend . the private entree at the levee, but as a private citizen. He had afterwards written to the various colonies to obtain information as to the practice in them, and he had found that in Vic toria the plan was, after various dignitaries of the State, to set down the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop's Chaplain, the Vicar-General, the Hebrew minister, the Unitarian minister, the Chairman of the Congregational Union, and so on, and group them all together. The Sydney Iteming Herald of May^ 25 last set down, after the high State dignitaries, Dr. Barker, Metro politan Bishop of Sydney, then the Bishop of Bathurst (the Roman Catholic Archbishop was omitted,, for a struggle for precedency between him and the Bishop of Sydney having been decided in favour of the Bishop, he had retired altogether), the Chairman of the Presby terian body, the, Chairman of the Con gregational Union, the President of the Wesleyan College, and so on, all grouped together. A correspondent writing from Queensland informed him that in Governor Blackall's time an order of precedence could hardly be said to exist. At all events there was no rule, but at levees clergymen of the Church of England, Church of Rome, and churches of other denominations were all grouped together. (Hear, hear.) What he complained of was that in attempting to carry out instructions from the Crown in the colony, such a marked, such an invidious— he might say such an insulting distinction should be maintained between the representatives of the two Churches in the colony and the reprsentatives of all the rest. They had first the Bishop of Adelaide and the Vicar-General before all civil dignitaries; then they had the whole list of civil servants, down to the lowest Custpm-House official; and lastly the representatives of the other Qhurches, He maintained that such' distinc- tions were not in any sense authorized by the instructions ? sent out. (Applause.) He felt it his duty thus to refer to the subject, and by supporting the motion to utter his indignant protest against the course followed. (Cheers) Mr. J. B. Adamson. seconded Mr. Stow's proposition, and held to the view that the State should let the Church alone, and the Church let the State alone. He should like to have it distinctly stated what was wanted— to . have a list drawn out for His Excellency's in-.r formation— for otherwise the Government would ' not be in a proper position. He had not the slightest idea of . allowing the Chairman of the Union to represent him. (A laugh.) ' The Rev. J. Jefferis said he wanted to be let alone; but he protested against having his name' printed in a list like that before him, in a degrading position. (Hear, hear.) ? Mr. W. C. Oldham had taken an active part in the struggle for civil and religious freedom in the colony, ' and . he thought the Hon. Mr. Reynolds had rightly explained what was the position of a colony possessing responsible government. He agreed that they ought to assert their privileges as living under a free Constitution; but the question was whiat should be| done in the future. He thought ministers of religion should have nothing to do ..with the . State; and that if they attended Ievee3 it ought to jbe as private citizens. (Hear, hear.) - The Rev. C. W. Evan approved : entirely of that view, but pointed out that it was usual for. the various religious bodies to present addresses to I a new Governor in the same way that the various bodies, including the ; Congregational Union, ,at home were accustomed to present addresses when anything special occurred in connection with1 the Royal Family. These addresses were generally presented by 'the Chairman. Mr. Scrymgour thought thejr might express regret at the arrangement carried out in the past; what they should do in future was another thing. ... , r - ? The Chairman remarked that Mr. ' Stow's motion was perfectly unnecessary. Neither as Chairman of the Union nor in . any other capacity had he ever attended a levee, and he did not intend to go to any; '' (Laughter.) He believed there1; were; other ways' of showing loyalty than by going to levees,and his view, of : the' principles i of Independency had kept bom from them. If the Union wished its Chairman to appear at the levee as^its-. representative, it must appoint another Chairman. The Rev. H. : Cheetham thought the best course was for them to leave the Government alone. ? ' ? -: -?- ?-:???' V_ Mr. Cox's motion was carried, with one dis senjkient, inthefolloTTngform:-r- ? ' (\ That tluVmeetirig views with 'surprise the marked distinction made between the represen tatives of religious bodies having the right of private entire at the levee held on the birthday of fler Majesty/ and hereby desires to express .finely its sense of tbe incompatibility of those dis tinctions with the principles of religious equality prevailing in the colony; and instructs its Chair man and Secretary to forward a copy of thi3 resolution, to the Governor, with & respectful request that in future such arrangements may be made as' will remove the invidious distinctions complained of.' The Hon. A. Stow thought they should pass some resolution for the guidance of the Chair man, and accordingly moved— . : ; j i 'That .the Chairman of the Union do not attend the levee on the Queen's Birthday as representative of the Congragational Uuion of thisicolony.' , :, . ? -. ' Mr. HaBCL'8 suggested that the Governor might be pleased, on receipt of a copjr of the last 'resolution, to' comply with .its terms.' ? - , The1 Rev. J. Jeffebis believed that the order ' observed last year would not be again repeated. The Chairman said in 1863, when he was Chairman, a letter appeared enquiring why he had not attended the private entre'e. The fact then was that he had not been invited, but had he been he should not have gone. The Rev. E. Griffiths seconded the motion, and thought the Chairman should not have any thing to do with the State in his capacity as representative of the Congregatioaal Union. The Rev. C. W. Evan objected to the motion as incompatible with the first. The Hon. A. Stow did not think the Chair man should attend as representing the Union, even if the order was allowed. However, he should not press his motion. Motion withdrawn. The Delegates then adjourned to the Town Hall Refreshment Room, where luncheon sup plied by Mr. Geo. Aldridge, was served. THK BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. - The Chairman (Rev. C. Manthorpe) and the Rev. F. W. Cox were appointed a deputation to the Baptist Association at its annual meeting. TEMPERANCE. ; ' ' A memorial was read by the Chairman from C. H. Bagot, Patron, J. Pickering, President, and G. W; Cole, Hon. Secretary of the Total Abstinence League, imploring the aid of the Union in obtaining legislative action to abate the powerful inducement at present given to intoxication by the indiscriminate licensing of houses for the sale of liquors, without suffi ciently regarding tbe wants and wishes of the people, and generally to remove the curse of intemperance. Mr. J. M. Dowie had not known of the existence of the memorial until that day, being from a'section of the Total Abstinence Society he was not connected with; but Mr; Pickering having put him in possession of the information, he wrote out a resolution,- which he would move — 'That this Union has sympathy with the object of the Temperance League, and would rejoice in the Parliament passing a Bill granting to the people the right of determining whether public-houses for the sale of strong drink shall exist in their midst or not.' That he took to be the spirit of the memorial— simply a ; desire that they should exercise their influence as Christian menj as citizens, as politicians to induce the Houses of Legislature to hand over to the people the right to say whether : there should be a public-house in their district or not. They were not asking Parliament to \ make people teetotallers by Act of Parliament. (Hear, hear. ) It was simply granting a common sense right which as citizens they had no right -to have withheld from them of saying whether a company of. men such as the Bench' of Magistrates should against their will set down , a public-house at their door or in their neigh bourhood. He need but inform them that the movement for which help was sought had. made rapid strides. In the old country at the last reading a Bill obtained 91 votes in the House of Commons, and it had been favourably received by the Wesleyan Conference, the Baptist Unions, and the Congregational Unions. It had also been favourably received in the other colonies, so that it was not a Utopian or unheard-of thing for a Congregational Union to deal with. Mr. Henry Kelly seconded the resolution, and spoke of the ill effects of the present system in the country. It was in places removed from townships, where there was no police protection, that they saw the evils of public-houses, parti cularly near to churches. A church was built and opened, then a blacksmith's shop, and then a public-house. The memorials in'favour of it wore easily filled with signatures of people in the country roundabout, but not of those near the public-house, and perhaps there would be half a dozen Magistrates' signatures in support of it when the application came before the Bench. He had done his utmost to prevent the multiplication of public-houses, and he trusted something would be done by the Legislature. ! The Rev. C. W. Evan did not exactly under stand the resolution. He thought it required some explanation before they passed it. He supposed it meant that the people should have a permissive liquor law. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Dowie— That was precisely the object. The Permissive Bill introduced by Sir Wilfred Lawson, and which the House of Commons was asked to pass, did' not take effect in any locality until the people had determined by a majority of two-thirds that it should have effect. The Act was perfectly powerless until some 10 or 20 men made application to the Mayor and said ' We want this thing tried.' The Mayor then had no alternative but to send his officer round the town with a paper on which every person must write 'Yes' or 'No.' The man then collected, the papers, and if two-thirds were in favour of the measure then it became law in that district. ' ? ' ? . ' The Rev. D. Milne said he most cordiallv supported tho motion, having seen the evil effects of so many public-houses. In the neighbourhood of his own home, Lacepedo Bay, as very small place— counted insignificant by many— there were three hotels, and it was only very recently they had been able, by the strongest effort, to erect a place to worship God in. Unless some stop was put to the increasing evil of the multiplication of public-houses it would grow to an enormity. (Hear, hear.) If the people of Kingston had had the right of expressing their opinion he believed they would have objected to one, if not two, of the houses that were there. The object of the memorialists was not to compel people to abstain from intoxicating drink, but only to exercise a restrictive power over those persons who de lighted or seemed to delight m bringing ruin and destruction into a neighbourhood. The Rev. H. Cheetham— Is it expected that a memorial is to go from this body collectively? Mr. Dowte said they were not expected to send any memorial, but a resolution of the Con gregational Union, it was supposed, would have 'some considerable weight, and might be a useful power in future action. The Rey. fl. Cheetham, in that case, saw no difficulty in passing the resolution, as he was of opinion a great deal of evil might bo prevented and good promoted by such action as that pro posed being taken. The resolution was carried, with one dis sentient. :-: Mr. Pickering, on behalf of tho Alliance, expressed hearty .thanks. / i ' THE REV. C. W. EVAN, B.A. The Chairman announced that on Wednesday evening, at 7 o'clock, a testimonial would be presented in the Stow Church to the Rev. C. W. Evan, oh his retirement from the pastorate. I ? \ '? THE CHAIRMAN. Mr. Alexander Hay proposed a vote of thinks to the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe for his con duct in the chair. It was a great pleasure to see him in that position, enjoying a fair measure of health and strength. They ought to be thankful to their Heavenly Father, after the severe illness he had gone through, to find him so far restored. He hoped ho might be spared many years to labour successfully as a minister of the Gospel. ? Mr. W. C. Buik seconded the resolution, , which was carried with acclamation, and suitably acknowledged. i CONGREGATIONAL UNION. ANNUAL MEETING. May 2. 'ihe annual meeting of the Ministers and Delegates was held in the Hindmarsh- squart Congregational Church on Tuesday, May 2. There was a laree attendance. The Rev. John Price was present as a deputation from the Baptist Association. A letter was read from the Rev. J. M. Day, apologizing for his absence. The Rev. J. Gordon was also in attendance. The devotional meeting was presided over by the Rev. F. W. Cox, and prayers were offered by the Revs. J. Howie, W. Wilson, M. Wffliams, and Messrs. W. Bruce and W. Lewis. At 11 o'clock the business meeting com* menced. The Rev. J. Jeppews, Chairman of the Union for 1870, briefly returned thanks for' the courtesy which had been extended to him, and the attention which had been paid to his addresses on the subject of education. He then vacated the chair, and it was taken by the Rev. C. Manthorpe, Chairman for the currentyear. Mr. A. Hay, M.P., moved, and the Rev. J. Howie seconded, a cordial vote of thanks to the Rev. J. Jefferis for his services as Chairman during the past year. Mr. JEFFERIS briefly acknowledged the vote. The Rev. J. G. McMichael was admitted as a personal member of the Union. \- The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. THE BOLL. ,- Tbe roll was made up and read over as fol lows:— .? ?? : ? ; ? ???'( '? ? '??' '': r ?-'?' , -? :' -' Stow Church— Rev. C; W. Evan, B.A.', Messrs.- A.- Hay, R. Stuckey, A. Adamson, D. Robin, Hon. A. Stow, Messrs. H. Dea^W. Peacock, W.- Palmer, and W. Berry. Hindmarsh-square— Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. G. Miller, J. Stacy, E. Bonnett, W. D. Allott, Hon. T. Reynolds, Messrs. S. Whitmore, G. Scrymgour, G. Scrymgour, jun., 0. A. Chartier, and J. M. Dowie. . North Adelaide— Rev. J. Jefferis, ; LL.B., MeBsrs. W. H. Tite, W. Rruce, R. Searle, T. Frost, J. Porter, and J. T. Shawyer. Port Adelaide— Rev. M. H. Hodge. Messrs. T. Miohelmore, J. Grosse, W. Haddy, and J. Ballantyne. : . Glenelg— Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. J. Counsell and C. Fisher. Hindmarsh— Messrs. J. Pickering, J. E. Mitton, J. Aston, O. C. Thomas, and S. Smith, Clayton— Rev. E. Griffiths, Messrs, J. Tasker, jun.j G. P. Doolette, and Rowland. High-street, Kensington— Mr. Cowman. ~ Norwood— Rev. H. Cheetham. Salisbury— Rev. J. R. Ferguson. Gawler— Messrs. W. Malcolm and J. Davies. Angaston and North Rhine— Revs. J. Gibson and R. L. Coward, and Mr. E. Keynes. . Kapunda— Rev. M. Williams, B.A., Messrs. W. Lewis, D.Will, and H. Kelly. Alma Plains— Rev. W. Oldham. Truro— Rev. P. Barr. Happy Valley— Rev. C. Haty Mr. J. G. Klose. Maclaren Vale— Rev. J. Howie, Messrs. R. Budgen and J. Brown. - ' , ; Encounter Bay, Bald Hjlls, and Port1 Victor —Rev. C. Hodge, and Mr. L. Y. Tite. ; Kadina— Rev. W. Wilson. . ? . Kingston— Rev. D. Milne. ' ? Personal Members— Rev. W. Harcus, Rev. A. Scales. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. . .' The Chairman then delivered the following' address:— ' My dear Brethren— Assembled this morning as ministers and members of the Churbh-of ; Christ, our predominant feeling should be that .of devout gratitude to the bountiful Giver of all good. We meet in a time of peace; The late terrible war in Europe, prosecuted to such a bitter end, has at length terminated. As ' men, and as Christians, we must greatly rejoice on this account; and though we mourn the loss of so much valuable life, and the destruction of so much national property, we gratefully acknowledge that He who makes the wrath of man to praise Him has caused these untoward events to fall out to the furtherance of the Gospel. France has had to withdraw her troops from Rome, and the Papal city is open, as it has not been for centuries, to the messengers of Christ, and the proclamation of a free full salvation through Him alone. Germany, we are. informed, is aroused by a spirit of religious activity and enquiry, and men everywhere are ready to hear about the Christ. Underneath all the natural elation which is manifested because of such unparalleled successes in war, we earnestly hope and p^ray that that great country may retain a conscious sense of dependence upon God; may learn of Him to deal tenderly and mercifully towards a fallen foe; and may never forget that it is righteousness which exalteth a nation rather than the dear-bought victories of a battle-field. We may thank God, too, as we think of Eng land still graciously preserved from war, of Spain delivered from Papal bondage, and the Bible freely circulated among her people. Who has not reioiced at the triumnhs of the Gosoel in Madagascar, recalling as they do the successes of Apostolic times? Spite of many and serious drawbacks, the prospects of .Christianity were never fairer and brignter than at the present moment, so that, reviewing the past and anticipating the future, we do well to thank God, and take courage. Coming nearer home, we have reason gratefully to exclaim concerning this the place of our adoption, 'Lord, Thou hast been favourable unto our. land.' We have been permitted once more to reap an abundant harvest. Some of our brethren may have to speak of the utter dis appointment of their hopes, and of consequent privation and poverty^ but, as a whole, the people have reason to joy before God, ? accord ing to the joy in harvest.' We have passed through a time of trial, but the dawn of better days is at hand, and we would sincerely desire that the lessons learned in adversity may be remembered in more prosperous times, tbat so a healthier state of things in the political and commercial, the social and religious world, may speedily obain among us. No emotion, how ever, can in this world be perfect and un« mixed. How often have we to rejoice with trembling. How many times, while thankful that things are no worse, have we occasion earnestly to wish that they were better. In such ease are we to- day. As a portion of the Lord's great sacramental host, we exult 'in the triumphs of the Gospel; but when we think of the ignorance and indifference, the scepticism and immorality that still so largely prevail, we are sensible that there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed before the world is won for Christ; and— sad thought some of that land might have been already re claimed had we only been more zealous soldiers of the Cross. As Congregationalists we have much of which to praise God, and over which we may justifiably rejoice. We have not con tended for truth and freedem in vain. Still we are not without cause for humiliation and solici tude. To confine our attention to whatcon cerns;ourselves, in proof and illustration of this I would remind you of the changes which have occurred in our ministerial ranks during the past year. One has died in a good old age, and gone to his grave as a shock of corn fully ripe; another has return»d to the old country, after a few years tf service among us; while three have retired from the work of the ministrv. I am sure that it is scarcely necessary for me to remark that our prayers and best wishes will follow our brethren who through age or sickness are compelled t« rest from their labours. We glorify God on their behalf for the consistency of their lives and the faithfulness of their ministrations; we are thankful that in two instances their lack of service has been so soon and so efficiently supplied; still we cannet but feel a measure of concern as to the future. How are eur .pulpits to be filled, as one by one our ministers are taken from their work? How are we to enter in and occupy spheres of usefulness as they open up to us? Some may calmly advise us to leave all to the Lord of the harvest. Certainlv our ?hief dependence must be upon Him, and woe be to that Church which does not ask Him to seed them a pastor after His own heart. And yet it is our d'uty to use the means, and fervently pray God that He would send forth more labourers into His harvest. God does not work miracles to spare the energies of the indolent and save the pockets of the niggardly. What are the best means to usa is a question that demands our most serious consideration. Are we always to depend upon securing from abroad able ministers of the New Testament, or shall we do anything in the way of endeavour to find among ourselves those who, duly trained, wtuld be able usefully to serve the Churches? The sooner we fairly, fully, and devoutly consider these and other questions concerning our ministry, the better. I must not, however, linger on this point, but, before passing on, I feel persuaded I may undertake to say for you, as well as for myself, how unfeignedly we rejoice that our brother, the pastor of this Church, after perils by sea, and perils by land, is once more with us. May abundance of blessing be vouchsafed to him and to his people. There is no lack of subjects that might very profitably engage our attention, and I have felt at a loss which to select as the most suitable— suitable I mean by being^ suffi ciently general to be catholic, and yet sufficiently special to be appropriate. Unquestionably we live in exciting and eventful times. Every year as it revolves seems to become more and more important, and it behoves us who are put in trust with the Gospel to seek clearly to discern the signs of the times, to study tho ever shifting phases and developments of current thought, and to bring ourselves face to face with the mental ard moral specialities of our generation. Evidently if we would rightly serve and influence the present -age we must under stand it— in measure must make our agencies fit in with the course which we see it takes,' thus considering what may be best for the pro sent necessity. It was no mean accomplish ment which the sacred historian attributes to the children of Issachar. They ' were men that had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do,' and the consequence was that* all their brethren were at their command ment.' Presuming, for brevity's sake, that we have some understanding of the times, I venture to detain you for a few moments that we may considerwhat we and all the Israel of God ought to do. For one thing, it is manifestly our duty to be well grounded in the doctrines of our holy religion. I am aware that in insisting upon this I may be charged with echoing the sentiments of others; but as I never professed to be either a t profound or original thinker, I do not stay to ; deny the charge. Only let me be understood. If any imagine that I am taking up and re peating the cry of heresy which has been ; raised m certain quarters, I should most indig- . nantly resent such an impuation. Without i subscription to creeds and confessions of faith', - I am bold to affirm that, with some variations of | thought and feeling (no one being bound to ex press himself in the same language}, the great truths of the Protestant Reformation— that is, the great truths of the Bible itself— have been seldom held more deliberately than by theJCon gregationalists of the present day. Yet one cannot but regard with concern the fact that the opinion is becoming common that doctrines are of no great importance. How frequently we are informed that Christianity is not a creed but a life) that the j?rand thing is to manifest a Christian spirit and to live a Christian life. This is one of those one-sided statements ?which are often very, dangerous in their tendency. It is more correct to say that reli gion is not merely a truth to be received^ it is also a life, and that the mind and heart should be stored with those divine truths' which are designed to be the pabulum of a growing life, and the stimulus to its future progress. The Christ-like life cannot be at tained unless we have been taught by Him as the truth is in Jesus. Then it is that we ' put off the old man with all his deeds, and put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.' A religion without doctrine is like the pre-Adamite earth ; when it was 'withoutform and void, and darkness covered the face of the deep,' or it is like a1 body without bonesV: You may have what looks, like a beautiful- form, a body fair to behold and with promise of use, but, having no solid frame- - work, at the first great wound or strain all its promise will drain swiftly away. We readily admit that no man, or any body of men, can cut out a round system of belief which shall enclose all revealed truth ; we agree with good old Robinson, that the Lord has more truth: yet to break i forth out of His Holy Word. But surely the Bible is not such an enigma that we inave yet to discover those fundamental doctrines which form the basis of the Christianyreligion. These let us seek more fully to understand, and more fimly to hold fast. How otherwise shall we be able to resist the attacks of scepticism., and stand firm amid con fusion and error J Unless we have an intelligent settled faith in 3od as the moral .Governor of the universe, and 'asi the ? hearer and answerer of prayer, are we rtotin danger of being led astray by modern scientific theories about fixed and im mutable laws, lawin creation, and law in history ? I can do no more on the present occasion than briefly allude to this greatsubject. The exponents of these theories attempt to separate the Deity from His works-^-to reduce the world to a piece of mechanism, and Providence to a succes sion of iron-bound necessities. According to their yiew, it is useless to pray in any season of calamity or sorrow/ because the idea of special and supernatural' influence ih relation either to matter or mind1 r is. a complete fallacy. We cannot afford to allow, men thus to shut God out of His world and 'out of our life's history. It is more pleasant to believe that u ( He overrules all mortal things, And manages our mean affairs ; On humble .souls the King of Kings Bestows His counsels and His cares.' We are glad to be permitted in the prayer of faith to caBt on Him' our burdens and anxieties. Then let us seek clearly to understand the ground on which our belief rests, that we may not be ' soon shaken va mind or be troubled,' but may be able to give an answer to every man that asks us for a reason of the hope that is in us concerning God's providential eare and superintendence in all the events of our lives. We are also called upon to hold fast the doctrine of atonement through the death and righteousness ef aJ Divine Mediator, and the doctrine of justification through faith in His blood. The offence of the Cross has not yet ceased. Men, whose' names are known to us, and whose writings freely circulate among us,, profess to be shocked at the material and commercial aspect of the language used by theologians when speaking of the death of Christ. Now, I do not ask that we stereotype the phraseology of our forefathers on this subject, but do let us glory, even as they did, in the cross of Christ. We want their strong faith and their deep intelligent convictions. The signs of the times warn us that in our endeavours to render ^he doctrine of the atone ment palatable, we are in danger of detaching from it the element which is at once its dis tinction and its power. There is more than enough said in various quarters now about the self- sacrifice of Christ, of which His death was so glorious an example. We require to be grounded and settled in the hope of the Gospel, and then continuing in' the faith, we shall tell fhese men we believe all that, but we believe more — that death was a true sacrifice, a real expiation for sin; and only as we have faith in this will the spirit of ; consecration of which they speak take possession of us. Unless the Bible is a delusion and a1 snare, it is a fact that 'we are bought with a price;' we 'are redeemed with the precious blood of Christ.' Here we must take our stand, ever ready fearlessly to avow that we 'are not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ; it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth, for therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith.' Further, let me remark, there is a growing necessity lor insisting upon the sim plicity of the Christian ritual. The rapid growth and spread of Ritualistic opinions and tendencies is a sig« of the times which calls for our serious consideration. What does it indi cate ? what will be its ultimate development ? what is our duty in relation thereto ? I do not wish to preach a crusade against the Ritualists. Some of them are men of culture and refinement, and have drawn after them many whose high sestheticism leads them to long for all that is graceful in form and grand in soul; but the majority of their fol lowers are weak men and women, who are led captive by their fondness of vain show3. Were I in England, T should denounce as severely as any of my brethren the dishonesty of those who, while professing to be ministers of a Protestant Church, preach Romish doc trines and indulge in Romish practices. In this eolony we are differently circumstanced. No congregations here are compelled to have a Ritualist for a minister whether they will or not; and, on the other hand, if they prefer to secure and retain the services of such an one, no one else has any just cause for complaint. All 1'ire^ can do, all we ought to attempt to do, is to bring out more prominently the teachings of Scripture oa questions of ritual. We cannot ignore tke subject altogether} loyalty to Christ and to our religious and ecclesiastical conviction. ' forbids our keeping silence. Professor Simon has well said—' Tho mission of Congregationalism, as I understand it, has been to assert and apply tho fundamental principle of Protestantism. . , ,; . That principle is the right and duty of every man's entering into direct fellowship with God without the intervention of anything human, whether it be a creed, or a form of polity, or a ? priesthood. If wo have had any specific mes sage from God to deliver, it has beon this. Our aim is, or ought to be. to sot men on their own feet, and to teach them to look to and learn of God for. themselves.' Thi3 witness is true. It i3 our duty, even as it is our privilege, to assert and maintain tho truth that the ' Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost,' and that ' in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircum cision, but a new creature.' As a corrective to the disposition to make too much of sacred places and holy days, wo must present the statements of the Master— 'Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am. I in tho midst. ' ' The hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father.' Do men make priestly pretensions, and lay claim to priestly power? All the more reason is there that wo proclaim Jesus only a^ ' tho Apostle and High Priest of our profession.'. Ho by 'His one offering hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified,' so that 'there remaineth no mere sacrifice for sins,' and that the whole body of the faithful, not a select few, are 'a chosen generation, a royal priesthood.' We must prove that the advocates of baptismal regeneration have no scriptural authority for thus limiting the Holy One of Israel. As well attempt to restrain the wind, to which He is com pared, from blowing whore it listeth as attempt to cenfino His renewing influence to sacra ments and ceremonies, or within the ministries of an order to which they claim to belong, Wo must . meet all tho sensuous and sentimental utterances of thoi Ritualists about the Real Presence in the ordinances of the Lord's Supper by pointing put the many gracious assurances o£ Christ's spiritual and perpetual presence with His people. The more earnestly and lovingly this is done the less likely will it be that men will accept bits of bread, transformed by a priest's benediction, as the grand fulfilment of the Saviour's promise to the Church—' Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world.' There is little fear, that our Churches will bo borne along by tho tide of ceremonialism so long as they are .composed of those who, in the best sense of the term, are Bible Christians, and are likeApollos, 'mighty^ in the Scriptures.' The genius of the Gospel is so utterly opposed to. all that is formal that the men who thoroughly read and thoroughly digest the truths of God's Word do not need to be persuaded that 'bodily exercise pronteth little* or that 'it ia a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not with, meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.' Not to weary jou; or- overtask my own Btrongth| I 8ttt*ll briefly allude to one other point. It seeniB tQ me that we want a. fuller realization of the Divine idea of Church life. It is a sad fact that some of the most thoughtful, earnest, and; gifted minds in our congregations refrain from uniting with the Church. We do well to ask,, is the spirit, the atmosphere, the inner domestic life and working of our Churches, so intelligent and liberal, so holy and heaven-like, as to pro sent an attraction to such men?, 'Now, if: there be one plain, fundamental, ;undeniablo: principle supplied by the New Testament re-' garding the Christian Church, it is this— that our.' Lord meant to found a brotherhood, to which . all who believe in Him should belong. What-- I ever else this Church was or was not meant to -. I be, 'it was to be a spiritual brotherhood — not simpfy in that exalted sense in which all true ?Christians are brothers, whether they aoknow-i ledge one another as such or not, and tho saints on earth, and all tho dead, but one communion make; but in this more practical and earthly senso, that Christians are to acknowledge one another as brethren, love as brethren, work : together as brethrbn. By this all men are to : know that we are Christ's disciples— that we love one another.' One is our Master, and all ! we 'are brethren. The Church is a body, having Christ for its head; and all its members are to be so closely identified in interest and feeling that if one suffer all the others suffer with him. Such is the Divine ideal Havo the union, the sanctity, the love, the zeal, tho lieavenliness of. tbis ' pattern given in tho Mount,' . been em bodied with sufficient and attainable approach to perfection in the Christian profession ? Be yond the peace springing from tho conscious ness that we have complied with the require ments of the Master, and are privileged to sit with His disciples at His table, what are the palpable advantages ef Church membership? Those who are least desirous of bemoaning our present state and condition feel that it is high time we should begin to think earnestly of con forming the Church more exactly to its Divine model. It can hardly be expected that I should indicate the exact direction our efforts should take in seeking the accomplishment of this desirable object. I may, however, remind you that resolute united action is far preferable to the idle grumbling about our deficiencies in ' which some are wont to indulge, that each of us has his part to perform in seeking the purity and advancement «f the brotherhood, -and that there is netting in the constitution of our Churches which prevents our profiting by the experience and practices of others. Happily, too, our circumstances now are such that our .spiritual growth and power is the only end that we need seek. The battle for religious freedom :- has been feught and. won, and our right to bo regarded as a legitimate part of tho true visible Church of Christ is now generally' recognised. May God give us wisdom to improve the pre sent opportunity, and take advantage of this season of rest and quietness. Let us seek to supply what is lacking, and remove all impedi ments to our happiness, «ur holiness, and our usefulness. Let us strive and pray that our 'love may abound yet more and more in knowledge, and in all judgment; that wo may approve things that are excellent that wo may be sincere and wkheut offence till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits ot righteousness which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and praise of God.' Most earnestly; would I plead for this. We wish our Churches to grow and prosper, and gather to them those that are without.; We may simplify our modes of admission to their fellowship; this, however, will be of. little service— it is not better machinery, but more power that we need. Wo ' want Churches in which the vital principle, of godliness shall be so strong that they may be said 'to be instinct with the Spirit of God; Churches partaking so much of tho mind of Christ that, like Him, they must bo ever going about doing good; Churches in which men. would feel they had a sacred home^ and did indeed belong to the household of faith. Then those who had first given their ownselres to the Lord would speedily; and gladly cast m their lot with us, rejoicing to be numbered; with the saints. Moreover, I plead for this, because it will do much t© promote ? that Christian union for which all good men long - and pray. The nearer we come to' Christ the more we are like Him; the closer shall we be drawn to all those who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. With* more of the mind of Christ, though retaining our denominational peculiarities, the trutn would be spoken in love, sectarian strife and rivalry would cease, and catholicity and con scientiousness would not only co-exist, but coalesce. Reviving influence is what we, and all the Churches of Christ, greatly require. Its effusion would develop our mutual affinities, ? and bring us into sympathetic contact and final unity. Without it wo shall never unite our parted forces. Brethren, the time is short, our responsibilities are great, our duties are many and serious. Let us be true to ourselves, and, above - all, true to our Master. The shadows are lengthening upon our path, reminding us that ' the night cometh when no man can work ;' therefore, let ns be 'steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of tho Lord.1 God grant that each one of us may so live unto Him who died for us and rose again, and may so labour for the good of others, that when called away from earth to our rest and reward, our truest epitaph may be— 'After he had served his own generation, by the will of God, : he fell en sleep, and was gathwed unto his fathers.'' The Rev. J. Jeffeeis had great pleasure m proposing 'That the hearty and cordial thanks of tbe wetiog lie accorded to tbe Chairman f°x 