V A C C I N A T I O N . IIB T4.WIE Ajru ALLEGED DAlSGEBS. 6MAXI- POX IN INDIA. (To the editor of The Times). As m»ny persona lu England have tn the value of vaccinstinn, it may be 4 f l to bring to notice the lose of life by 3 m nnx which occare annually in the Punjab, sffl» u P wtich is as yet practically unprotected » ^""SJatinn. In that province, with a popubj ,, a ooo 000, the ideaths from small pox 1,tl0 n °r l«s than 20,000 a year. In 1869 they ^"kI d 53195. Contrast these terrible 1 i «;th the'small pox mortality of England, vi li with its population of 21,000,000, the in smaii pox deaths does not now 5 000 a year, though previous to the cS j ,-rinu of vaccination it was quite as in t v . tt is now in the Punjab, n fit is not merely in the saving of life tiut fits of vaccination consist The amount rte™"® , disfigurement caused by small pox «' is enormous. Any person walking ? „h the streets of a Ponjab city is struck r"X io® ea9e proportions of persons blind of e or both eyes—a calamity caused in 99 caseB tolerably well tected by vaccination, suffer very little, P'neh t{,ey live in the midst of a never ending niitemic. and natives have everywhere rearted the immunity of Europeans from the Snries to the eyes and other disfigurements to which, they are themselves so subject Facts like these must surely convince all fnsible persons that vaccination is one of tbe „aiteat boooB which has been ever conferred ft, mankind. It has conferred on England inalcnlable blessings, in which even Ite opponents and detractors participate. In the Panjab L persons reach adnlt life without having hdan stuck of small pox, and become distnired or disabled by it in some way. Here, thinks to vaccination, imperfectly administered •sitis, small pox epidemics have become bo nrtthst a few hundreds deaths from the disease mike * great sensation through tbe length an* ijadth of the land, BDd even nnvaccinated Tis^ne have a very good chance of getting U life without being closed to the risk j/i'tfection. Under a well organised system of agination, tbe risk might be almost altogether itoHshed. , „. Sanitary Commissioner of the Punjab. Kingstown, March 31. Rttooing in its extensive form is cenerally be'ieved to be an appanage of uncivilised life, bat an example is afforded to the contrary by the Eobart Town Mercury, which goes to show that white men sometimes indulge to a high degree in this decoration of the body. A man in Hobart Town, whohas a string of convictions against bis name quite appalling, but who, after a long prison life, has been at liberty since 1857, his his body nearly covered with marks indelibly tattooed into tbe ekiu. The following almost incredible list of such marks should, we imagine, leave no doubt as to his identity should he at any future time be required:—On his right arm—Man smoking a pipe, S.C., woman with glass, Jane Bell, woman and man smoking a pipe. R C., glass and jug on table, man, O.C., sundry stars, » half moon, man and woman hand in band, sun, wom«n>with glass, W.M., woman with class, mermaid, and sun. On the bick of his right hand—Anchor, crucifixion, J.E, J.C., and seven -stars. A ring on the middle finger of right hand. On his left aim—Highlander, man with hat in bis baud arm in arm with a Roman, B.J.C, blue square, turkey fowl, sun, J.G, J.B, crown, anchor, (upside down), crucifix, anchor, sun, woman, crod&rioa;, san, half moon, nine dots, heart and dirts, and shears. Bracele t on left wrist. On back of left hand—twenty one dots, seven stars, aDchor, five bearts.AJ-B, and san. Ring on escli finger of left hand.' On his breast— Ehip, mermaid, bull of a ship, two men sparring On bis right thigh—Woman, seven stars, crarafliion, sun andmoon. On Ins left thigh—M»n ranking a pipe, mermaid with comb and looking glass, seven stars, a woman with dove in ber hand, man hanging from a gallows, man ud ladder. There is also.a ring round belly. Seven stars, two tibge, aud auchor inside bis legs, besides marks on other parts of his body. Ghobtb.—Time, instead of lessening the belief in tbe Burnt Bridgegbost. has (says the Baliarat Star) rather intensified that feeliug,.and this is carticolariy true of one of -the party from Lai that visited the . haunted liimse. . This [ person is so imbued with fear ever since .that ' be is almost prostrate. On Friday mght a crowd gathered round him in hiB dwelling, to hear his verson of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitorsnnceremonioudy ruBhed out finding himself thosleft the sole occupant of the house, he lustily enatclied up a blanks^ toil his excessive couf osion end hurry left his hit iad boots behind, and applied all available epeedio making his escape to my houBe, distant tboot sixty yardsr and pitifully implored ad- mittince. He said bemust have travelled the distance in thirteen hounds, Bp great "was bis tenor, and he seriously congratulated himself; on his good fortune in not coming bump against J tree. Just fancy a man about forty five years stage, and about 6ft 6in high.with hair staadr. ing on end, barefooted and bareheaded, clearing luge logs and other obstructions as if the arch M himBelf were at hiB heels, from sheer terror of a ghost, and one wonld have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. AtClarenfloo, a party of men ofnndonbted bra vary Ib organising to challenge - the ghost at his haunt, they propose to fnrnisH themselves with fite&nne; in ease of. meeting with tangible re- On the 17th February last a tremendous fitod, Bupposed to be caused by tbe bursting of » waterspout, occurred at Victoria West, which to the space of two or three hoars washed away sale® than thirty houBea,-»nd destroyedneariy 100 lives. Whether the flood was . actually cuned by a waterspout, <or by one . of those jwife thunderstorms which an the interior of |™®olony aresocomtnon^will never, perhaps, be tno»n. The flood eeems to bave commenced Jttln&nnofa; Mr Hugo, eomedistince from the tons: his bouse, homestead, _and stock •ere all swept away, his wife and all his chil-i dien but one infant (which be managed to save ty swimming with it in his arms) were drowned. H e describes tbe scene as .appalling beyond Firatheand hiavrifeheftTd fceoond ™ Iron falling from the sky." They looked: wt and saw a huge black mass of cloud fiweep- »S uong tbe earth towards than ; they caught «P tbe children and rushed from the Jhousp, wit wu too late, and eFeryfcbiiigwaaswept '»»y ill the torrent, save Hngdand tie infant; wen their escape was little sbortof miraculous, ajpubhc meeting has been held in Capetown to «0Bider the besUneansof relieviDgthe snfferere, •mm has been adjourned to get accurate infor- ?'tion as to what will reiBy ibe 6\. L. ™rwHIBut mMmnu 1VWUNU mil «ighton on Satorday last. in connectibn with aeUogbtoa diviat^of tbe B>np ©tlTei^rr. , Bt which the 'following' cesolution.was wned T^at ,.fhi8 meeting acknowledges, gratitude the valneble help tbe .caiiBe «t T°P«»nce receives from the able and impaitul M whicb_tiie jjnestion is discassedjin t»r«^ u » jajconoi; is it cooa I initriiili!? I^nity/etc—iiid hopesthat i" (continue to throw it^1#d^J; Mt6 1 lli¥ ggHBMMttte demon fitiobg Sf. lte doings wi enlightening tiie pnbTit I am, Sir, yonr obedient servant, A. C. C. DEBENZr, 