GENERAL NEWS. Deputy Registrar.— Mr. M. L. King, M.P., this morning introduced a deputation from Wyndham to the hon. the Attornoy- Qeueral, with reference to tho appointment of a deputy registrar of births and deathB for tnat district. Mr. Walnti was unable to give any delinite reply on the subject, as lie. had not. been 'afforded sufficient time tr. ;>iako tbe requisite inquiries of ' tbe I>' .'g'strar- Genoral. When such inquiries had been made, he would be able to deal with tho matter. Crown Grant.— At noon to- day Sir W. P ftawell, Sir R. Barry, the Rev. Dean Macartney, and the Hon. Mr. A'Beckett, M L.C., waited on tbe hon. tho President of Lands respecting the issue of the Crown deed of the land upon which tbo University and College stand. Mr, Grant, in receiving the deputation, said that lie was sorry the gentlemen forming it had been put to the trouble of attending at the offices of Crown Lands. Sir W. F. Stawell said that tho deputa tion had waited on Mr. Grant to ask that tho deed for the land above referred to might be issncd at once. X4500 had been spent on buildings, and £1500 more would be ex pended in bringing those buildings further towards completion. Application had been- made for the deed, the issue of which bad been objoeted to on the ground that aBurvey had to be made, and a road out through the ground between tho University and the Col lege, from theSydney-road to Madeline-street, but this was objected to by both the University and tho Colloge authorities, As to tbe proposed street, no communication bad been made to the an horitics in question on the subject, ond of course they were ' somewhat surprised. Mr— Hodgkinson said that the whole matter was a mistake. After some farther conversation, the president, in answer to Sir R, Barry, said that the land upon which tho medical school stood wou'lJ bo included in tho grant. Tho grant woubj be issued with as little delay as possible, an" certainly no road would bo formed in tho direotion indicated without tbe concurrence of tho University and College authorities. If tho draft of tho deed wore forwarded to hiin ho would seo that it was proporly engrossed, and handed over to tho proper custodians. Mr. Lewis. — The friends of Mr. J. L. Lewis will ho glad to learn that ho has so far recovered from his late severo indisposi tion as to bo able to resume his duties as head of the corresponding branch of tho Crown Lands department. Another Good Step. — Wo have boon given to understand that the hon. tho Minister of LandB purposes issuing instruc tions to the effect that arrangements be made for holding local land boards for the future in eaoh district onoo a week if possible, but certainly twico in each month. Too results of such a courso will be (latent to all who have any knowledge of how such a plan will faci litate businoss. Unfair. — If persons attending at the Land Department to urgo requests upon tho at tention of the head of the department would make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the merits of tho cases they take iu hand, much annoyance would boBpared tho Presi dent, and an immense loss of timo saved. Day after day, or rather hour after hour, the Prcsidont is bored almost to doatli by in dividuals, who ask liim to sot aside the de cisions of local mining boards, who refuse to allow of certain lands being taken up by selection, simply because the said land is au riferous. Tho reports of tho mining boards are before Mr. Grant, who, of eourao is aware why selection is refused, and in the face of that he is urged to allow of occupation in spite of tho knowledgo at his command. Of course Mr. Grant has only one answer in suoh cases, viz., that he cannot go ' behind tbe reports of the mining boards. But notwithstanding this, somo people, who ought to know better, will not desist from a course of boredom which, if nothing else, is certainly aggravating, and 'enough to try tho temper of the most amiable man alive. Tho thought is forced upon us that there aro some persons who, being denied the pleasure of having a finger in every pie, would be wretched from sun rise to sunset and all the night through, and probably Mr. Grant iB of the same opinion, and for that reason refrains from shutting them up with a snap. Stockyard Creek. — Wc understand that all tho requisite supplies for the holding of courts of petty sessions and wardens' courts at tho Stockyard Creek goldfields have been forwarded from Melbourne, with the view of having business commenced as soon as pos sible. Barfold Goldmining Company.— Mr. E. J. Murphy and Mr. Thomas Adair, waited on the hon. tho Solicitor-General to- day, for the purpose of. having certain inquiries made in connection with the official agent for the Casblemaine district, and his dealings with the Barfold Goldmining Company. The Solicitor-General haviog urgent, business at tho meeting of the Gahinot, was unable to give the matter his attention at the moment, but it was arranged that he would at an early day see the gentlemen interested in the matter. Painting — Quite a little crowd of people (despite the adverse weather) gathered about 41 Collins-street east, to-day, eagerly gazing at a charming painting by H. H. Couldroy. Tho subject is an exceedingly happy one, and full of fun. The great merits of the painting are bo obviott3, that wo need not now go into many details. The subject is a pair of mischievous little rasealB of puppies, who, having found their way into the ward robe of their mistress, are making the most of their time in mutilating all and everything they can get hold of. Standing in a torn bandbox — -like an improvised kennel — stands one little monkey, who is called "Jack in tbo Box," while the other is tearing to pieces a lace shawl. A kitten looks on with evi dent delight at the proceedings. The whole design, and tbe carrying out of details, are almost worthy of Landseer. Geelong Races — A special train was laid on this morning for the behoof of such of the sporting fraternity as were desirous of at tending the racing events to be decided on the Geelong Racecourse. By this train, which steamed off at 10. 10, some 240 passen gers were booked, en route for the racecourse, besides a few ordinary passengers; Some few minutes prior to the start, a very excit ing scene was observable, as a large number ot gentlemen were somewhat late, and so a hasty rash was made for the pasteboard aud places, which all secured in timo to prevent disappointment. Geelong. — Tho mayor, certain councillors, and the town clerk of Geelong, accompanied by Messrs. Cunningham, Bichardson, John stone, and Garrett, M.L A s, waited ou the hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, yes terday, to ask" that a sum of money might be placed on the estimates, for the purpose of carrying out certain repairs to the aioora- bool Wharf, and to extend the drain at the western beach. Mr. O'Grady was informed that a letter had been received by the Corporation of Geelong, from the Central Board of Health, touching the Baid drain. The Commissioner said that with respect to repairs to the Moorabool-street wharf ho Bhould bo happy to increase the sum provided by the estimates, but in the present aspect of affairs all he could promise to do was to briug tho matter under tho attention of his colleagues. Touching the drain referred to, if a copy of tho lottor received by the council from the Central Board of Health was forwarded to tho department, he would see what could bo done iu tho matter. Mr. Anthony Ttrollope.— The arrival of suoh a distinguished author amongst us yes terday, by tho steamship Great Britain, is a social event of euch uncommon occurrence that we hasten to avail ourselves of the op portunity of publishing a few brief outlines of his career, which we gather from Men of the Times. Anthony Trollope, second son of the late Mr. T. A. Trollope, harrister-at-law, and of Mrs. Trollops, tho well- known autho ress, born in 1815, was educated at Win chester and . at Harrow. He has written "Tho Macdcrmots of Ballyeoran," published in 1847 ; " The KellyB and the O'Kellys," in 1848 ; " La Vendee, an Historical Romance," in 1850; "The Warden, a novel," in 1855 ; " Barehester Towers, a novel," aud "The Threo Clerks, a novel," in 1857 ; " Dr. Thorne," in 1858 ; " The West Indies and the Spanish Main," and "The Bertrams, a novel," in 1850 ; "Castle Richmond, a novel," in 1860 ; " Framley Parsnoage" and " ' ales, ot AU Countries," two series, in 1861 ; "North America "and" Orley Farm," iu 1862 ; "Can You Forgive Her?" in 1864 ; "The Belton Estate," "Miss Mackenzie,!' and " Hunting Sketches," from the Pall Mall Gazette, in 1S65 ; " Clergymen of the Church of England," in 18GG, and other works. He contribute b to periodical litem- 6I1(l some of tho foregoing works of fiction appeared in the pages of tho Cornhill Magaztni. Jlis " Last Chronicle of Barset " was brought odf. ill weekly numbers in 1866 7. Emerald Hill.— Tlio following candi dates for tbe Emerald Hill election have signed tho nomination papers tiiiR afternoon : Messrs. Banks, Footo, Healy, Eoy, Thistle- thwaite, Whiteman. Tho auditors aro McssrB. Ellerker and Rayson. A Bathing House Company.— A move ment lias been set on foot at Emerald Hill to provide a suitable bathing-place at tho sea beaoh for the convenience, safety, and com fort of male bathers. A meeting of tho pro moters of a bathing company will be held next week, at Mr. Mills's Emerald hotol, Clarendon-street, of which due notice will ho given by advertisement. Mr. J. G. Mills has been temporarily appointed to act as secretary to the promoters. The Canal Company. — This ontorprising , company is in active preparation for com mencing the moment the requisite authority is obtained from tho Government. So much is the soheme admired, and so great is the confidence of the people in the project in the country districts contiguous to tho lino of the canal, that hundrodB have already gone to peg out selections on thoso sites which aro likely to bo moBt available for permanent settlement. Tho surveyors are appointod, and all the preliminaros arranged, waiting tho procla mation of tho necessary resorves. Roberto il Diavolo. — This opera was re peated last evening, to n most limited audi ence, which may bo attributed to tlio fact that the music lovers of this city aro, porhaps, alittlo hypercritical -regarding the manner in which thiB work is "produced by tho present troupe. That it could be done better, no ono would venture to dony ; still it is unfortunato that moro support is not afforded, if only as an encouragement for better efforts. This evening, " Pipele, or tho Porter of Paris," a most lively aud charming opera, will bo given, and wo understand that the house will be well patronised. Tiie Mayor's Grand" Concert in Aid of the Funds of the Blind Asylum — A re ference to our advertising columns will show that this intere ting event takes plaoc on tho 10th prex., in tho new Town-hall. The pro gramme is an unusually good one, and the concert promises to be one of tho best of tho season. In addition to the performances of the blind children — which include vocal and instrumental music of a high character— wo notice the names of such well-known pro fessional artists as Messrs. Bavid Loe, Herr Lundborp, Herr Siodc, Herr Schott, Signor Devoti, Miss Lucy Chambers, Miss Amelia Bailey, &c.;, so that irrespective of the charity which the mayor has so generously stepped forward to aid, a great success in a musical point ofviow is confidently relied on. Furthermore wo have it from tho most re liable source that sixty-six 5s. tickets wero taken yesterday in one batch, and that batcheB of twenty and thirty are going off to day rapidly. Those who purpose attending should, therefore, secure seats atonco. Theatre Royal. — "Othello" was again plncod on the boards of the Royal last even ing, h change occurring in the principal cast. Mr. Tavares, as Othello, showed to consider ably more advantage than in the part of Richelieu ; but Mr. Howe's Tngo was not equal to that of Mr. Tavares. Mrs. Darrell assumed tho part of Emilia, and Miss Juno that of Bcsdemona, and both these ladies made the most of what they had to do. This evening "Hamlet" will be presented, the leading character — that of the mad Prince — being supported by Mr. Tavares ; Mr. Cop pin will take the part of Polonius ; Mr. Howe that of the Ghost ; and the Ophelia will be Mrs. Barrell — a cast which should secure a good house. "A Kiss in the Bark" is set down for the afterpiece. 