HORACE GEE ELY ON THE STATE OF | THE SOUTH. The editor of tho New. York Tribune has been south. Ho has actually passed straight through the Southern States aa far aa Texas aud rotnrued in Bafety. Not long nince he would liavo been lynched the uiomunt he was k'nowa to have orosaed the Potomac. But now, such is the chango which has paaaed over tho Southern mind that he has not only been permitted to travol with Bafofcy, bnt has received something like a hoarty , welcome from many of the Southern journals. On his.refurn to the North, ho was solicited to attend meetings everywhere and relate his travelling experiences. This |b what he has to say of the Ku Klux and the carpet baggors — two sorts notorious of characters in the South : — 4 ' ' THE KlT-KIiUX. But I have been asked, 'Are there any Ku- Klux down South?' (Laughter.) Yes, gentlemen, there are. They didn't como up to me and tell, me they were Ku Klux very often. (Laughter.) They didn't uudtrtake to perform their delicate operations upun me. I Bhould have had very much more respect for them if thoy had. (Great laughter) 1 am moved with profound disgust whun I think of these men covering themselveo up with Becond-rate calico, masking their faces, arming themselves to the teeth, mid riding around to the cabins of poor, harmless ne groes, dragging them from their beds, and whipping and maiming them until they are compelled to swear they will never again vote the Republican ticket. I hold that to be a very cowardly procedure as well as a very base one ; and I hold it to bo the duty of the Government of the Union to oppose with all its power and all its force every such execrable outrage as thia. Do you tell me that those men are liable to State lows for tho assaults and batteries they have com mitted ? I don't doubt it j but I say they are also in Bubstauce and purposu traitora tc the Government, rebels against itaauthority, aud the moat cowardly, skulking rebels ever known to this or any other country. (Ap plause.) I hold our Government bound, by its duty of pcotocting our citizous in their fundamental rights, to pass and enforce laws for the extirpation of tho execrable Ku Klux consoiracv : and if it has not power to do it, then I Bay our Government is no Go vernment, but a sham. I therefore, on every proper occasion, advocated and justified the Ku-Klux act. I hold it especially desirable for the South ; and, if it does not prove strong enough to effect its purposes, I hope it will bo made stronger and stronger. (Ap plause.) Why, fellow-citizona, these very men that asked me if 1 saw any lCu-K.lux have themselves read the returns of the last Presidential election in Louisiania, when that state, with SO, 000 black majority on its registers, was made to vote for Seymour and Blair by more than 30,000 majority ; countriea which had 3,000 negro voters alone giving throe, two, one, aud in several in stances no vote at all, for Grant andOolfax. Now, friends, you and they know perfectly well that this result was secured by terror and by violence ; by telling those black men, ' You shall v»te for Seymour and Bhiir, the enemies of your fundamental rights, or you shall not vote at all, or you «hall bo killed.' That was the way Louisiania was made De mocratic in 1808 ; and that is the way that I trust she will never ' be made so to vote again. Therefore I uphold and justify the Ku-Klux law. . Pellow-oitizens, tho Ku-Klux are no myth, although they shroud themselves in darkness. They are no flitting ghosts ; they are a bane ful reality. They nave paralysed the right of suffrage in many counties throughout the South and have carried states that they ought not to have carried ; but they are not the only enemies to Republican ascendancy in the South. THE CARPET- BAOGERS. There is another influence equally perni cious with theirs, and a great deal more detri mental to the fame and character of the Re publican party. I allude to what are known as the 'thieving carpet- baggers.' (Ap plause.) Fellow-citizens, do uofc mistake me. All the Northern men in the South ure not thieves. The larger portion of them are honest and good men, some of whom stay there at the peril of their lives, because they believe it to be their duty. Next to the noble and true women who have gone down South to teach black children how to read — nobler there are not on the earth than thtBe, whom a stupid, malignant, dilapidated aris tocracy often sees fit to crowd iuto hovels to live, not allowing them to enter any white society because they are teaching negro children — next to these, who rank as the noblest women in the south, are the houoat ana' wortny jNortnern men, who, in the face of social proscription and general obloquy and scorn, stand firmly by the Republican cause. The public is often heedlessly un jusb. Let a Government have 10,000 official subordinates in power, of whom 9,900 are honest and faithful men who do their duty faithfully, while barely 100 are robbers aud swindlers, the public will bear a great deal more about the 100 robbers than about the 9,900 true men. The 100 Btand out iu ihe public eye — they are always doing something which exposes them to the scornful gaze of the multitude — while the honest and true men pass along silent and unobserved, aud nothing is said, very little is thought of them. All attention is concentrated upon the 100, who are defaulting and stealing, and forging, and running away. Well, gentle men, the 'thieving carpet-baggers are a mournful fact ; they do exist there, aud 1 have seen them. (Laughter. ) They are fel lows who crawled down South in the track of our armies, generally a very biife distance in the rear; some of them on sutlers' wag gons ; s6n\e bearing cotton permits ; flomo of them looking sharply to aeo what might turn op j and they remain thore. They at once ingratiated themselves with the blacks, simple, credulous, ignorant men, very glad to welcome aud to follow any whites who, professed to bo the champions of their rights. Some of them got elected senators, others re presentatives, some sheriffs, some judges; and so on. And there they Btand, right in the public eye, stealing and plundering, many of them with both arms around ne groes, and their hands in thoir rear pockets, seeing if they cannot pick a paltry dollar out of them ; and the public looks at them, does not regard the honest Northern men, hut calls every 'carpet-bagger' a thief, which is not tho truth by a good deal. Rut these follows — many of thorn long faced, and with eyes rolled tip, are greatly concerned for tho education of the blacks, and for the salvation of their souls. (Groat laughter. ) ' Let ub pray,' thoy Bay. But they apoll pray with an 'e,' and, thuu spelled, they obey lho apostolic injunction to ?' ' pray without ceasing.' Fellow citizens, the time has been and still is, when it was perilous to be known aa a Re publican or an Abolitionist in the South, but it never called the blush of shame to any man's cheek to be so called, until these thieving carpet- baggers went thore — nover ! (Applause. ) They got into tho Legislatures ; they went to issuing State bonds ; they pre tended to use them in aid of railroads and other improvements. But the improvements were not made, and the bonda stuck in the issuers' pockets. (Laughter.) That is the pity of it. '? Well,' Bome Bay. ' you have just such thieves at the North.' Yes, we. have— too many of them ! (Applause.) But the South was already impoverished — was bankrupt — without money, without thrift. altnoBt without food ; and thepe fellows went there robbing and swindling when there was very little to steal, and taking the lost ten-cent .shin-plaster off of dead men's eyeB. Thoy were recognised by the late aristocracy not merely as thieves but as enomiea. Says Byron's Greek minstrel, ' A tyrant— but our masters thon Wore still at loost our countrymen.' Thus we regard the men who annually roh us at Albany, at Trenton, and at Harrisburg. They do not oarry thoir plunder out of the State when they get any.** These fellown do ! The South was not merely beaten in the late contest ; she was profoundly as tonished by the result. Her people have not fairly got over thoir amazement at their defeat ; and what they see of us are those thieves, who represent the North to their jaundiced vision, and representing it they disgrace it. They are the greatest obstaole to the triumph and permanent ascendancy of Republican principles at the South, and as such I denounce them. (Applause.) 'Well, then, do you justify the Ku-Klux?' I am asked. Justify them in what ? If thoy should choose to catch a hundred or two of these thieves, place them tenderly across roils, and bear them quietly and peaceably across the Ohio, 1 should of course condemn tho act, as I condemn all violence ; but the tears live in a very small onion that would water all my Borrow for them. (Laughter aud applause.) But they do nothing like that ; they don't go for the thieving carpet baggers, but thoy skulk around wretched cabins, and drag out inoffensive negroes, to lash and torture them, merely for standing up for thsir rights as men. For this, I do execrate the KuKlux. I say they are a disgrace to Southern chivalry, and they would be drummed out of the South if there were any true chivalry there. But it has been reported very widely that at Vicksburg, addressing a mainly southern audience and trying to awaken in them something of the sentiment of nationality and patriotism which burns in a true Ame rican bosom, I said that I trusted the time would come when wo of tho North would honor Leo and Stonewall Jackaon. I did not Bay that. What I did say was that I hoped the time would come when Americans north as well as Americans south would feel a just pride in the soldierly achievements and military character of Lee and Stonewall Jackson, just as I trusted the late Con federates would learn to feel a generous pride in the achievements of Grant and Sherman, and Thomas and Sheridan. I said that, or something very like it. Possibly, you are not willing to go bo for as that. Very well, there is no hurry. Take your tune : I can wait. I can wait. 