THE UNLUCKY LOVERS. A TALE OP JAPAN. Fanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of the great Tycoon : cu C-iTLVr"JL , , Sbe wore her head bald, and her clothes were made Half petticoat, half pant&loon; ; Her face was the colour of lemon-peel, r And * ' the - shape of .... a table spoon. A handsome young chap was Johnny Hi- Hi, And he wore paper-muslin clothes; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose; His eyes slanted downward, as if some chap Had savagely pulled his nose. Fanny Foo-Foo,loved Johnny Hi-Hi, And when in. the usual style He popped, she blushed such a deep orange tinge; You'd have thought she'd too much bile, If it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft in the bliss of their new-born love, Did these little pagans stray All around in spots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanese way j She howling a song to a one-stringed lute, On which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on bis head and fanned himself, While she balanced him on her nose, Or else she. would get in a pickle-tub, And be kicked around on hi6 toes. The course of true lore, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the fierce Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood on end If only they'd had enough. So the Tycoon buckled on both his swords, In his pistol placed a wad, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod; He found them enjoying their guileless selves On the top of a lightning-rod. Sternly he ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To "come down out of that there," And ho told Hi-Hi to go to a place— I won't say precisely where, Then he dragged off his child, whoBe spasms evinced Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas! was badly fooled, Despite his paternal pains, For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Out of his jugular veins; While with a back somersault on the floor Foo- Foo battered out her braina. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot. Right under a dogwood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale, and The buzz of the bumble-bee; And where the mosquito's sorrowful chant Maddens the restlesB flea. And often at night when the Tycoon's wife Slumbered as sound as a post, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That scared him to death almost; 'Twas a bald-headed spectre flitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. 