THE STORY-TELLER. LADY MOUNTJOY'S MARRIAGE SETTLEMENT. CHAPTER I. It was November, and all the grand man sions in the streets and squares of the West-end were closed. There were no lights but in the lower regions ; no belles but area belles ; no beaux but the cup board lovers of cook, who was left in charge of the town house while the family were in the country or abroad. Within the closed shutters darkened the rooms, in which the chairs, sofas, settees, ottomans, and chandeliers, co vered in shapeless white garments, ap peared like the ghosts of their former brilliant selves. Belgravia and Mayfair were like cities of the dead. Park-lane, whose plate glass windows are so gay in the season with lace and silk curtains, and so full of bright flowers, looking out as they do on the fair park and its gay equipages, its fashionable Amazons, and its well-dressed pedestrians, now, with closed shutters .and empty rooms, fronted a dreary ex panse of wet grass, dotted with leafless trees, seen through the mist, and here and there a very slow coach, bearing along some invalid, who had mistaken breathing the fog for taking the air. Yes, every house in Park-lane had its shutters closed, and the forbidding look . that said " Out of town," except one. That one was the mansion of Sir Digby and Lady Mountjoy; and there the drawing-room, dining-room, and the li brary, with the necessaiy sleeping and dressing rooms, had been hastily pre pared, for Sir Digby and my lady had suddenly arrived from their seat in Suf folk the evening before that on which our tale commences, just as Mrs. Fry, who had the charge of the house, was prepar ing for a few friends, whom she expected to tea and "a game of rubber," as she called it. Mrs. Fry had her niece with her for company, as she felt veiy dull and "low" in that great, darkened, silent-house, and she told the young woman in question that when the carriage drove up, and she saw Sir Digby's stern face at the window •—for stern it was, though handsome— "you might have knocked her down \- with a feather, for it fairly turned her nerves." However, there was nohelp for it. The tea party must be put off, for Digby was not one to knock people down with a fea ther. He had been known to do so with a much more effectual weapon; and Mrs. Fry, in her underground retreat, could near him scolding, and stamping, and swearing at his valet, and cursing every thing and everbody, and, as she said, " go ing on so that it made her blood run cold in her weins, and purwented her knowing for sure whether she stood on her 'ead or her 'eels." However, in spite of that doubtj Mrs. Fry and Mary Jane, her niece, bestirred themselves so actively that, in less than ap hour, the flres were blazing, the rooms Were ready, the furniture was unshrouded, the chandeliers were divested of their brown holland blouses, the gold frames of their gauze coverings ; and Lady Mount joy, the soul of gentleness and affability, as she sat, pale and weary, in an arm chair before her dressing-room fire, ex plained to Mrs. Fry that business of im portance had called them to town, and that so suddenly that she had not had tune to write and beg Fry to have every thing ready. " And how's my young master, my lady ?" asked Mrs. Fry. «' He must have found his feet by this time, and cut all his blessed little teeth." /' He is well," replied Lady Mountjoy, with a deep sigh; "but Sir Digby has sent him to his grandmamma at Windsor for a time. He thinks Beechhurst too damp for him." " And the blessed babby, my lady, I hope she's strong and 'ealthy ?" " Oh, yes, thank you, Fry. She's « fine girl. ^ I wanted to bring her with me, but Sir Digby objected. He thought she Might take cold, and babies worry and ir ritate him." " I hope you'll excuse the liberty, my lady,'' said Mra. Fry; " but you do seem to enjoy bad 'ealth yourself, my lady." " Oh, I'm pretty well, Fiy, thank you,' said Lady Mountjoy; " only I am tired. Will you ask Sir Digby what he would like for dinner, and send my maid to me at once ?" Mrs. Fry hurried away. She was in hopes, as it was late, that there would have been no dinner to cook. It was a veiy nervous thing to cook for Sir Digby. He was very hard to please, and fre quently Mrs. Fry found herself what she called "carpeted," and that before com pany assembled at the dinner-table, if any dish of which he had eaten had displeased Sir Digby. He could get no French man cook to stay in his service, he was so pas sionate hnd insulting. A few minutes later Mrs. Fry knocked at the door of Lady Mountjoy's dressing room. "Please, my lady," said Mrs. Fry, ' Sir Digby says he's going to get a chop at the Carlton, and he shan't be back till late. So what shall I prepare for your ladyship's dinner ?" I don't want anything but some tea, fry," said Lady Mountjoy: " and that I'll have up here." " How ill my lady do look J" said Mrs. fry to Jessop, the lady's maid; " which it maybe partly her sitivation ; but she seems so down-spirited she don't seem to have a word to throw at a dog." "No, Mrs. Fry, you're right enough there," said Jessop. " If she had, I know what dog I wish she'd throw it at; and something harder and heavier than words I'd like to see her throw at him. He treats her like a Turk, that he does. He won't let her have her own way in any thing, and the more she gives way to him the worse he is. He's well nigh broken her heart by sending little Mqpter Digby to his grandma at Windsor—a proud, spiteful old cure, the very moral of you know who, and terrifies the dear little fellow out of his wits. And then she wanted to bring baby with her, but that was overruled." " But whatever brought 'em to town so sudden, Mrs. Jessop ?" asked Fry. '' Well, it's something about money. I don't know the rights of it; but from what I did overhear—quite by chance, of course—between Sir Digby and Mr. Tur ner, the lawyer, he's in trouble—some gambUng debt, or speculation, or, worse still, in another way, Mrs. Fry; and I understood that he's brought my lady up here to sign some papers, which, if she does sign them, he'll be able to get a power of money into his hands at once ; but it will ruin her and her daughters. The eldest son won't be affected by it. It's to bar her down, that's what he called it, and I think it has a bad sound with it; don't you, Mrs. Fry ?" " Well, I can't say I think it sounds pleasant or right," said Mrs. Fry. " Bar her down i I hope she'll pluck up spirit, and refuse. Why, she's got one daughter already, and the one that's coming may be a girl. She didn't ought to do it— 'tain't right." " She don't know anything about it yet," said Jessop ; " but she's that daunted by Sir Digby I don't think she'd dare refuse to do anything he insisted on her doing. But there's my lady's bell; so good-bye for the present, Mrs. Fry." "When my lady's in bed, you'll find a Welsh rabbit and a jug of hot punch ready in the still-room," said Mrs. Fiy. Jessop nodded assent, and hurried away. CHATTER II. Sir Digby Mount joy did not come home till four in the morning, and then he was in a very ill humour, for he had played very high, and had very bad luck. He had lost much more than he could afford to lose, and he vented his rage on his sleepy valet, who had been obliged to sit up for him. He went to his own apartments, and Lady Mountjoy, who, feeling very un well, breakfasted in her dressing-room, heard nothing of him till the next day, when he sent to say he wished to speak to her in the libraiy. " How are you, Digby ?" said the poor, terrified wife, forcing a smile, but with her heart beating wildly, for he was pac ing up and down the room, his brows knitted, and his arms folded. " Oh, I'm pretty well, thank you," he replied, moodily. " At least, I'm as well as a man can be who's in a deuce of a fix. But you don't look at all the thing. You're not like the same person I married four years ago. You don't manage your self well. You take no exercise, or else it's temper—that deuced, discontented, jealous, nagging temper of yours." Lady Mountjoy made no reply. She had found that the safest course to pur sue. " I told you I brought you up on busi ness, Caroline," he said ; " and business that we must get through at once. My solicitors, Turner and Lovegrove, will be here at six. I've asked them to dinner, and after dinner we'll get this trouble some matter settled." " What is it, Digby ?" asked the lady. " Oh, you wouldn't understand it if I told you. Turner must explain it. You'll have to sign some papers, thatfe all. Your signature is necessary to enable me to sell some property. But I can't stop to talk about that now. I only wanted to tell you to be ready to receive these solicitors at six, or a little before. Order a good dinner, and dress yourself a little less like a mope and a mawk than you have done lately. When once this affair is settled, there'll be no use in your stay* ing in town. You can go back to the hall." "But when shall I have my boy, my Digby, back?" asked Lady Mountjoy, with tears in her eyes. " Oh, not till the Bpring. He's much better at Windsor with my mother; you spoil him. He's getting quite beyond you, and my mother has an admirable system. She made me what I am, and she's doing Digby a world of good." Lady Mountjoy burst into tears. " I want my boy," she said ; " my dear, loving, gentle Digby !" " Oh, if you're going to turn the water on I'm off," said Sir Digby. "I hate tears ! I think that fool fibbed who said, 'Beauty's tears were lovelier than her smiles.' Give me the cheek unprofaned by a tear. With tears come red eyes, red noses, blistered cheeks, and the deuce knows what. I'm off! Don't forget to be ready before six. Snobs always come before their time; they're so over punc tual and polite." " But why invite them if they are snobs ?" said Lady Mountjoy, with some spirit. " Why should I receive snobs at my table ?" "Because I choose it, madam," said Sir Digby, in a loud voice, and glaring fiercely upon her. " Remember, I will be obeyed." So saying, he strode out of the room, banging the door after him. chapter m. Beautifully dressed, and looking very delicate and very lovely, Lady Mount joy sat in the drawing-room, looking into the fire, and fancying she saw faces and forms of the long ago in the red-hot cinders. It wanted twenty minutes to six when a carriage drove up to the door. There was a rather mutilated knock, and two minutes later a footman, whom they had brought with them from Suffolk, called out— "Mr. Turner and Mr. Lovegrove, my lady." Lady Mountjoy received her two guests with cordial grace, and tried to make them feel at home. Mr. Turner was a small, humpbacked man, with spectacles and a bald head. He looked shrewd, clever, and, Lady Mountjoy thought, malicious. His partner, Mr. Lovegrove, was a pale, thoughtful-looking young man, with a high forehead, and rather a kindly smile ; and in conversation it came out that he was fond of poetry, painting, and the country. He was a young man of good fortune, and had recently been taken into partnership by Mr. Turner on that account, and for a good consideration. It was half-past six before Sir Digby Mountjoy appeared; but Lady Mountjoy had made herself so agreeable the lawyers had not found the time long. The dinner was an elegant one, the wines first-rate, and after dinner, when the servants had withdrawn, Sir Digby said— "Turner, will you explain—as I be lieve that is a necessary form—to Lady Mountjoy what she is required to do ? I want to get the matter over, for I have an appointment at the Carlton at eight. Lady Mountjoy will not let you leave her so soon. She will insist on your spend ing the evening with her ; but I must be off." Mr. Turner then, with averted eyes, and vety rapidly, ran through a long, involved description, full of legal terms, which he used only to mystify and be wilder poor Lady Mountjoy, but ended by saying that, for the good of all parties, she would have to sign some papers he would presently lay before her. " Turner," said Sir Digby, " the parch ments are in my library. Step with me there. I want to speak to you about one of them before Lady Mountjoy signs it." They were no sooner gone than Mr. Lovegrove said— " Lady Mountjoy, excuse the liberty I am taking; but now I have seen you I cannot help feeling an interest in your welfare. Refuse to sign those papers." " What will be the result of my signing them ?" asked Lady Mountjoy, struck by Mr. Lovegrove's earnest and sincere air. " In the end, my lady, the result will be great pecuniary loss, if not ruin, to your ladyship, and the destruction of the prospects of any daughters—indeed, any younger children—you have, or may have. The eldest son, of course, is not so much concerned in the matter. Be firm ; do not sign. The money will go in gambling debts, speculations, and expenses which I dare not name to your ladyship • and it is the money on which your own and your children's fortunes depend. As a wife you might sacrifice your own interests ; as a mother you cannot, you dare not, injure your children's prospects. Here they come ! Sweet lady, be firm." When Sir Digby Mountjoy returned with the lawyer and the papers, there was an expression on his wife's countenance that surprised him; but how much greater was his astonishment when, on his placing the documents before her, in order that they might receive her signature, she resolutely refused to sign them. " I will explain this matter farther to Lady Mountjoy when we are alone," said Sir Digby. " And now, gentlemen, pray circulate the bottle." We leave the reader to decide whether Sir Digby used physical as well as moral coercion in order to induce Lady Mount joy to accede to his wishes. Certain it is that he failed signally, and left her in the greatest indignation, intending to use still more potent means to secure obe dience ; but on his return Lady Mountjoy had left the mansion, and no one knew whither she was gone. Who can tell what awful catastrophes were averted by the young wife's prudent retreat ? Years flew by. Sir Digby yielded to that spirit of gambling which finds fresh food both in failure and success. Every thing of which he could dispose he risked, and eventually lost. While friends be lieved him rich, and only in temporary difficulties, they were willing to lend him small sums. When his ruin became a certainty, they turned their backs on him, and Sir Digby, almost by a fatal necessity, became the associate of needy sharpers. He had speculated on the turf till he wished himself under it; but now hunger and want drove him back to town. In the mean time Lady Mountjoy, with her infant son and daughter, had found a safe refuge with her mother, Mrs. Hamil ton. It was deemed expedient, in order to avoid pursuit, to visit the Continent for a year or two. " And this plan," said Lady Mountjoy, " has double advantages in my eyes, be cause abroad we can economise, and of my settlement, consisting chiefly of five hun dred a-year separate use, I can lay by two hundred a-year, in case my poor, de luded husband should return to me desti tute." " But he would not know where to find you, and I should be very much shocked if I thought he did." "He would be sure to direct to me at my banker's, if disposed to address me in a friendly spirit. Oh, he must know with what rapture I would share my all with him, though I would not sacrifice the in terests of my children to the dread of his awful violence." To have endeavoured to become re conciled to his wife would have been the most prudent step Sir Digby could have done; but do gamblers, prosperous or ruined, ever act prudently 1 There is great tenacity of affection in woman's unsophisticated nature. Lady Mountjoy had long suffered much from anxiety about her wretched husband and his probable fate. Her boy, her little Digby, was daily increasing in strength and beauty. " But, alas !" said she to Mrs. Hamil ton, " how strikingly he resembles his poorfather !" Heaven grant the resemblance may be only in feature!" said Mrs. Hamilton. I shall take good care early to impress on him a horror of gambling," replied his mother. The fair sex, with all their good qua lities, are very self-willed when they take anything into their heads. It is well that their obstinacy is so often enlisted on virtue's side. Then it deserves the name of firmness. Having entertained the idea that her husband might be wanting bread, while ; she was surrounded by comfort, in her mother's villa on the banks of the beauti- j ful Lake of Geneva, Lady Mountjoy could not rest till she was once more in Eng land, accompanied, of course, by her mother and children. One of her first visits on her return to London was to her banker's. No en quiries had been made about her ; but what she could elicit respecting her hus band filled her with dismay, and the banker broke the fact of Sir Digby's ruin ; and degradation as gently as possible. What most grieved the affections of his wife was that she could gain no informa tion as to where her husband was to be found. u Oh, my son," exclaimed she, as she shed bitter tears over her sleeping child, on the night after the reception of the j heartrending news, "perhaps thy poor father has perished of want." The next day was spent by Lady Mount joy and her mother in unavailing enquiries respecting Sir Digby. Faint, weary, and chilled to the bone, for a hard frost, ac companied by snow, had set in, Lady Mountjoy returned to Baker- street, where her mother had secured the best part of a furnished house. " What a dreadful night for the house less poor!" said Lady Mountjoy to her mother, as the coachman descended from the box:to knock at the door. " Let there be some one at the horses' heads !" cried out Mrs. Hamilton, who had already had many frights from the slippery state of the streets. "I've seen to that," answered the coachman. Lady Mountjoy looked out of the coach windows, to see if all was safe, when, oh, horror of horrors ! in the tattered wretch, blue with cold and rags, white with snow —the man at the horses' heads—she re cognised her husband, the once rich and fashionable Sir Digby Mountjoy ! He had caught sight of his wife's lovely countenance—lovely, though hor ror- stricken—and, overcome by contend ing emotions, he sank lifeless to the ground. In an instant the driver caught the reins ; in another Lady Mountjoy had given orders to have the tattered mendi cant conveyed to the drawing-room, and placed on the sofa. Medical aid, restoratives, and every thing that money could purchase, were lavished on the victim of his own passions, nor lavished in vain. The bitter lessons of the past were not lost on Sir Digby Mountjoy. The de voted love of his wife found a response; and the summer that followed that severe winter, on a snowy night of which Sir Digby Mountjoy stood as a beggar at the head of his wife's carriage, found him in happiness and comfort, with his family and his wife's mother, living on the beau tiful banks of Lake Leman, and on the proceeds of " Lady Mountjoy's Marriage Settlement. - —G.S.—* London Journal.' The cutter Mews, with the murderers of Warbnrton's party, has been found wrecked on an outlying island. 