? ELIZABETH'S NEW YBAlt. •< Poor Elizabeth, she will, scarcely have a happy neW- year!" '-Thev were sittin" by the fire on New-1 ear s eve, a group of five or six :girls, j telling stories to one another in the twilight. 1 lying on 'a sofa at a little'distance, believed myself near enough to ,tliem to avoid any appearance of intentional solitariness, but too <far off to be obliged to listen to their idle talk. But when Barbara Myers whispered;to her next neighbour her,/pityipg remark about me, I 'heardi / instantly, ,and acknowledged the unintentional stab with .a.Btajt ,and ^thrilL^yhe laker's glance had gohe pafctifie to the farther window,, where the -fadin g liffht of the winter's afternoon was stftl powerful enough • to sketch o&t; the fimires of a man and woman .standing together in the deep embrasure. But though her-eyfeSi. gii^jgumeOTiifig to her words;' Had Wandered whither, as she rightly guessed, iny thoughts were fixed, she was quite consoioxis of ihy sudden movement and added hurriedly, with a vain effort to (divert my- 1 attend tion, "I don't care milch for-that story* Milly; l'vfe heard it before, dozens of times. Tell us the legend of Rosewarne." 1 had not oeen - listening hitherto, --assuredly I. did not listed now.- It startled me .to:; find -I ,haVi betrayed myself to ; these young companions ; to learn that; 1 was wearing my heart upon my slepve, ;and that others had already divined the cause of its pain. They knew it just as well as I. Penelope Seton had come ;• 'and my true love, who had seemed so true, bad nothing more to say to me. It was only yesterday. morniiig that she had arrived, a guest as I v/asj tospend the new-year in his father's ' house, and in the afternoon , they had .walked k the park .together.,; th^ mornin^ they had been-in the,biilla^room 'for an hour alone; and, now^iey. stood talking low in the Window, whilst 1 ate my heart. .She was ;his cousin ? but what of that? Wc wereno* strangers, either, l'.e and I. 'He had' met,me often in my 'own,hyfiie,^though never before in his; we had l>eeri friends for long; and until yesterday, morning, though I .might not have acquitted it to any one else—though lie "had never professed himself such, tp me'in-plain words—I had not-. doubted* thdt Geoffrey Maynard was-my* true love. But in two days this grave- stately creature with the brown -hair, and a r 3 e e ) res opening slbwly," as though the great white eyelids: were-too heavy a weight upon their glances, had changed all. He seareely-'leftrher side ; and I was alone—so lonely,'.that these gir s these children, asjl called them in the sudden age conferred by sorrow, c<?uld see how Ues<?late I ; felt. I ; was not hearkening.at all to w)iat Millv f ' as sl) e sat on' the hWth-rug with! her half-sleepy, half-attentive audience round her; but my ekrs had been opened by the remark which I had overheard, to listen for any farther observation that might be made concerning me, and some of the legend of ; Kosewarne flowed into them^as ifwere against my will. . ... "Inthe days of Elizabeth," said »>e narrator," the' oVvrier of RoseiTnT — a ^an.dr^reat ambition, tim 1 AT mersed in the Pontics of the 2 , Na L tura "y- Wxiotts to learn the to n • f°- r h,s personal fortunes* of cerf '"tngues iri which hfe was engaged, for lost vu a time l selves thread^y ^es fixing them, 2 UJ)0n tHe-two distant figures together, the taller S 2 r ! ha V° Sed ' the^ *>r a time to Wha? !r 0 j eC^ J ? f 8i ht and g faring. d o not know Perhaps it Sperititseff;'but becoming conscious once more of the voice beside me, I took up the storv at the point where the Lord of Rosewarne, having found a very" wise astrologer, built for him a high tower with an observatory at the top, a little door communicating with his private apartment, *nd—a feature apparently of some Importance to the tale—a .steep and winding staircase from the very top to the very "bottom of the tower. " From the very top to the very bottorh," said the -girl to her girlish audience, with the due emphasis of one relating a tale of horror. Just at that moment somO little current of air, some\inintentionai raising of a naturally penetrating voice, brought somehow to my ears, across the long dusky room,; the words: " I do assure you, dearest Pen—" Barbara hekrd them too ; she looked at me under her eyelids. ' But for that I should have "got up- and fled ; but with her glance upon me, with her evident knowledge of what I felt, I dared not move. I lay still; and after a time became aware once more—though my wandering attention, gave a strange incoherence to what'I heard—of the progress of the legend, now drawing to its. climax. " With proofs of treason in his hand he mounted to the astrologer's chamber, the little chamber at the top of the tower. His face was changed, and dart with rage.. . . The old man expostulated, denied, appealed to his science, to the. stars he had never misinterpreted, to justify him; yet— ' traitor and fool,' his patron cried in answer, ' was there no intimation of thine own fate writ in the heavens?" Then ..." The narrator's voice sank; and I, wearily conscious of the idle tale, rath.er than disposed to listen, heard no more until the words: " In the gray of the morning they found him dead at the bottom of the stairs.. And the Lord of Rosewarne said, £ Bqry him there, like a dog, where he'lies ; for a very traitor and "a false, loon was he.'" " And did they frury him tiiere?" cried one arid atiother of her audience, starting from their listening 'attitudes at the conclusion of the tale. " So says the legend; and pn stormy nights there, are heard sounds of feet'in desperate flight and pursuit, rushing from top to bottom of the narrow stairs. O, I assure you that is tare ; for Mary Warner, our nurse, who mair.ed the gatekeeper, told me she had heard the sounds herself more than once." " And what is the later story, : Milly T' interposed Barbara; " the story about Mrs. Trevear ? Had it not something to do with the legend ?" " O/the poor folks say, she he;.ri the spectral footsteps as she was co.ningdown the stairs in the dark, and 4 tlia ;. in her terror, she slipped and fell." " And some say it was suicide— that she "flung herself down," said a younger sister with bated breiath. " 'Was-: not. she happy?" I asked, interested for the first time. " Who was she ?'' " Sh<? was Mr. 'Trevear's wife," said Mildred gravely; "very beautiful and very clever. Some say she neglected her husband for her books; and Others, that he neglected her, and so drove her to eccentric studies. He was away A. good deal, and she took a strange fancy to. the astrologer's tower, and to the musty old books in it. She would. spend half the night there sometimes. Arid one morning she was found , dead, at the bottom of the stairs, with kll her lovely fair hair dabbled in blood. Som^. say the ghosts • frightened her; others, that she did it on purpose. Most, likely, the poor thing's foot slipped in the dark. Mr. Trevear shut up the house arid went abroad. He has Bfeen abroad these ten years. He is always cOrping home, but never comes; lie cannot"hiear it, I suppose." There was i!he rustle of a dress, and Penelope Seton stepped into the fire .light- " What are you talking abont ?" she asked, bending forw&rd; with her hands onthe shoulders of her two coiisins. The flame 'flickered over all her facie arid figure. She was very handsome: not all Jhe ungenerous bitterness of woman's rivalry could blind me to that. -Thirty years ago people did not disfiguretheir heads as they do now. Penelope's soft brown hau- was all coiled simply at the back of her head, with the exception of one smooth weighty curl falling behind each ear. She had a pearlv complexion —very little colour, but with a strange transparency. There was a melancholy m her expression which'I had at first associated with a half- understood story hinted to me before her arrival, that a young man to. whom she was attached had somehow got himself into gr?at trouble. Now, seeing her willingness to accept- consolation from one who should have been another girl'g lover, I attributed the thoughtful air solely to the arch of her eye- brows, as nature had drawn them on her smooth white forehead. As she spoke, some One came to the back of the sofa. " Tired, Elizabeth," asked ybung Maynard softly, deprecatingly. Whether it was grief or indignation that kept me silent, I do not know; but for a minute I could not speak. Then I rallied myself, and answered lightly, "I am' creaming all over,' as your west-country people say. Your sister has been telling us heart-piercing stories about an old astrologer who was thrown downstairs at Rosewarne. Where is Rosewarne ?" " About three miles from here," said Mildred. Only three miles! You must take me to see it, some of you." "You can go to-morrow," said. my little namesake,' Bessie Maynard. " Geoffrey and Pen are going. I heard them talking about it." I detected a swift glance of consternation from. Miss Seton's eye, directed ovfer my head to where Geoffrey was standing behind me. How he looked I could not tell. The next instant Penelope turned her head away swiftly. « 0," I said, when I could speak, " I won't disturb existing arrangements. We will have, and independent expedition, and go some other day, Bessie, you and I." " I won't go without Geoffrey," was the swift reply. " It is,too dismal, and I'm afraid of the ghosts. Come now, Geoffrey, you'll take us, will you not?'' " Yes, to be sure," lie answered ; but he said it hesitatingly, and Penelope darted a reproachful look at him out of her large blue eyes. . I could say no more then, but I determined within myself that I would not go. The dressing- bell rang, and we had to separate, When I came down again the room was empty. The candles were lit, but the shutters were not yet shut, and a cold white moonlight crept over-the snow-whitened lawn, into the room. I went and sat down in the window, with the heavy red curtains forming a partial screen around me, and looked out arid nursed my sorrow. Presently a tall figure came into the room. It was Penelope Seton; I knew her at once by her stately carriage and her pale blue dress. I was indisposed for conversation, and of all people least' disposed to talk to her. I sat still; and she went presently to the piano and played a few wild disconnected chords. Once I saw her put her handkerchief to her eyes, as if she was in tears. She did not sit at the piano long. Presently she heard a step—a step that I also' heard and knew, that I hail often listened for with sweet joyful expectation—and rising went to the door hurriedly, meeting Geoffrey. Maynard, as he entered. " Geoffrey," she cried impatiently, " what is to be done now? You are not using me well." " Not using you well? You will make me hate myself, dear Pen. How have I done wrong?" " You should not have promised," she answered \veepingly, " to let Miss Leigh go with us, tomorrow." I felt a strong impulse to rise and tell her, that she need fear nothing from the importunate company of Miss Leigh; but before I could move he spoke.' " i wish y6u would let me tell her, Penelope." " Not for the world !" she Cried 'with decision." " It would be safest;"' " It might be safe—you say she is trustworthy - ' she rilay be or 'mayn't—I do not know her; but safest it could possibly be.-' " She is uneasy," he said thoughtfully ; «it would spare her pain." " You are too vain, cousin Geoffrey," Penelope answered with impatience. " It is not vanity, dear. Pen,'-' he said pleadingly ; "but "I will have no •secrets from you, since you have confessed yours. We hatre been intimate friends for long, and she • may have thought"—He broke off abruptly, and seemed to become immersed in pensive reflection. "It does not matter," said Penelope, when she had watched him a little. " If she's unhappy I am sorry for her ; but I can't help her. She looks passionate; I should fancy her unforgiving. Geoffrey, I dare not run the risk." Very well he-acquiesced meekly." : " Why should she want to see Rosewarne ?" Penelope demanded, after a pause with a sort of tearful indignation. . We may never have such another opportunity of seeing each other again," she. added,: her voice sinking to a tender sorrowful whisper. " The girls always take every one that comes to see it," said young Maynard. C f Barbara Myers wants to see -it too. They will surely go over there. After all, dearest Pen, I don't see why they shouldn't go to morrow; we may easily escape them; and besides"—Barbara Myers came in, humming the -finale of a grand song she had been practising all the morning;: the. two Ma-ynard's girls followed in a minute with the two Miss Camerohs, and then the elders, and the gentlemen, .who,had been out shooting all day, came dropping in one by one. When the room was full, I ventured out of,my retreat. - What a colour you have, Elizabeth!" they said to me. "You little dark thing, what has made you flame up so suddenly - 1 I suppose Mr. Mavnard's arguments overcame Penelope Seton's objections, whatever they may have been ; for on the following morning his sister told me that we were all to go, after an tearly lunch, to Rosewarne. " All we girls, and Geoffrey of course," .she said. He had been, ever since I came, bur Squire of Dames; at first, 1 had thought, for my sake, but now Evidently for Miss Seton's. When first told of the expedition, I declared I should not go. The knowledge that, swayed by Penelope's wishes, Geoffrey did not want me, though unable to fear anything, whatever she might fear, from my presence, made me long so be left quietly at home. Besides the idea of Rosewarne, first presented to me when my heart was in bitterness, had somehow associated itself with my pain. I: had dreamed all night of the grim old legend, and fancied myself pursued down endless stairs and through corridors by footsteps which were at once those of the spectre haunting, the astrologer's tower, and Geoffrey Maynard's, set on by Penelope Seton to do me some wrong. I was no believer in dreams, but the anguish of my hopeless plight had :not wholly left me when I woke; I felt the lassitude consequent upon uneasy slumber,and Rosewarne hadbeen inextricably associated with unpleasant images, in my mind. I told Mildred that I would rather stay at home; but as she and all the others.pressed me hard, and laughed amazedly when in despair I advanced for a reason the disiricliriation induced by my'dream, I had to yield and go. I need not have alarmed myself' lest. I • should be in Geoffrey's way. From the first moment of starting he kept ahead with Penelope Seton; and calling to us that they would go on and get the keys, soon disappeared from. view. " They have gone. the field way to the lodge," said Mildred Maynard. " W.e won't follow . their example. The path . will be wet, and Barbara says she hates stiles. We ' frill go •'soberly round by the road." By the road it was a good three miles; and though we were all gook walkers, the cheerless afternoon was already fading when, having learned at the lodger gate that Geoffrey and Miss Seton had • preceded us with the keys, we came in sight of Rosewarne, a tall and gloomy pile, standing low and amongst trees. The snow lay on the roofs and windowledges, on the couchant lions guarding -the flight of steps that led to the hall dcor, and on the leaves of the'thick laurel hedges that shut in the neglected parterre. It was the most desolate place I had ever seen. At the northerns t corner a square excrescence ran the whole height of the building, culminating in a tower that rose high above the general level of the battlemented roof. In the hall, which struck damp and chilly, <we found young Maynard alone. "Where's Penelope ?" his sisters asked. " She is roaming about. Come into the dining-room, Miss Lfeigh ; there are some very quaint old pictures, and 1 have opened the shutters enough for you to see." But Bessie voted for •an instant investigation of the astrologer's tower. " Let us go before it gets •dark, Geoffrey," she pleaded. "Let \- us call Pen and go in a body. I can't bear the look of those narrow stairs in •the dark." " But there is nothing to be seen there," replied her brother. " I never thought Miss Leigh or Miss Myers would care to climb that narrow staircase; and, in fact, I -haven't got the key." " O, Geoffrey, Geoffrey !'* cried Bessie, who was -evidently loath to be defrauded of her terror, " Tell him to go and fetch the -key, Lizzie, do V' To please her, I said that I should be certainly disappointed • if we came away without seeing the tower; but my wishes were not. powerful -with him, as they had been once. " I am very sorry," he • answered, but without any heartiness of regret; " it is a mile to the lodge •and back, and we have along walk before us. I could not do it in time." I turned away, leaving him to Bessie's reproaches, and joined Mildred and Barbara with the others in the drawing room. As Geoffrey had said, the pictures • were quaint, and I believe valuable; but I scarcely saw them. I took little notice of anything • in all the > long dark rooms we traversed; and as the windows in most of them were, : shuttered, it wouldnot have been easy • to see much. Barbara and I were the only ones who had not been there before; and 'we were neither of "us very enthusiastic ' in our inspection. I was in a state of mind which made all things stale and unprofitable, and rendered me incapable of any • greater attention to externals than was necessary for a forlorn consciousness that Geoffrey was still in attendance upon Miss Seton—at least I could not biit suppose so, as they were "both absent from our company. As for 'Barbara, I think she knew how it was 1 with me—how worn and weary I felt; and declaring that the damp dark rooms would give her a cold and spoil -her singing, proposed we should return. 'I had not been awarfe of the cold; but 'possiblytheotherefelt the chill of which she complained. Mildred went into the hall, and called Geoffrey and Pen 'loudly; but they had wandered far away in the long suites of Tooms, and did not hear. " We need not wait for them," she said; and then we all 4 went •out down the steps, -where the traces of • our arrival were already becoming obscured by a few falling flakes of snow. But before we were clear of the' 'laurel hedges I felt a sensation of cold, about my neck, and putting up my bahd discovered that I had lost the "fur collar I had been wearing. I remembered now what I had done me- Fd s c chanically at the time—in the dining *oom I had felt the weight of the fur ^Oppressive, and had taken it off. There was nothing to be done but to go back. (To be concluded in ourn&xt.;) 