? 'Thp 'recSiftsiyrom t|fe"®airways1iave falleiiipff idftring thetoW'y^tfr. 1^ 3 f m ' s *" Tieclmaim^tW levffntcV .^roiS ' AcielmdeV'jiaS 'been'ckptur^ai 'arid yyilV'be -Bont'to S6utll ! A!us- (trjaiar*!^^- ^.uins ,.r: • (jovjfcrnment ^jitlibrities'for a^var stiHnier IjO'cr^d^off Wfc?L7 ' fefn- 'Austratia "for ; the ! "pi-ote'eHon of 'the'''rivals against filibusters.'-^ liuj fn i f iciiJ ^ij' AiEuSsian-gan^boat-tifJllOOtons'lihs aVrived 'it Melbourne; O^isitots were admitted'On'bda'rd ;if(>r;threejdays. U- • '.:oThe Agricultural iShOifo' which came'off-iasi; iiwekijvere.rerj succe^fulix-io;'.- mit 'u, ojiiiL • ; "'/Tlie' balaiico-feheet-b^tlie' M^lb'ottriie M&at; •PrBserving Company shows ' a profit bf filliOOO, i from- which.-a- dividend ibf lO'pement.ilias' been ;dpcl,ared. j--h*!.' :(•> •>. = ( : » ; ' ! \ 4-lpxander £eit)i, forfnerlyfa fining speculator :pf <lar^e.(«iQans,-;,Jias. )ii(3en.{admittea';Ui(o..-'die '^nevplenrAs^jjm.V'' | • mi j-, - ti'-l •' i. i, Bayliss, a .publican,^f,^atlton,; died pf-taking i anbyer-dose jof.laudanum^ ,s.Ql|-admini^terei / :., Numerous^.eaineii aSep ;boing sworn i inifor! the ^aval.Eeserpe.^,, ] ) S I I 0-,- 3... • • : ' juAn illuramatedi' address ifrdm the 'einploy^sxif th^;^^WAvas.-presente4.-jto;MrtiiJIugh' George .yesterday, and ^he employes.,of|,the Age.-g3.y<i him a hreak'fast p'ribr to his departure; by ^lib mail. " ! Flour is quieter, a t . t o 'dBii^Os^,.£15i with little or no inijiiiiy maize'Vs, 'salable at TbtWfer qto'tations; ': J' -.v-miv-.) "c.'l : ." Thkn? are' no' ; bfcli'dr* telegramk' of any.'interest in^th<j'papers; ;; f : ' '.•••n.' ••-•• ^FROIVI-APlELAIPg; j ; j •A! MiT0E : at bhess^is 'tb - : be" p3aye3 -'shortly; between - the:-^delaiia' 1 aii ! (iL'New' South <'• Wales Clubs.;;f ii. ---- .iM;,-.,-' n-u-.v: ':<i • , The river Murray at Blaijchtown 1 is still <10 feet above, summer-level.,, . ...... ,„. i , ,.,. | ! There is a strpng.inqiliry for wlieatj and.sales have.- taken place /at fis. .2d., . w^th an; upward tendency: ,. _. -.. '.. . . ,r. r.,-,i. : : The .new Jewish .synagogue spas,, consecrated ; last Sunday/witTi an imposing ceremony,! 17,000 acres of land were offered at the Government Land Sale on. Thursday, and not, pne acre. sold. . ' , .'; ' ' - ..-There was a magnificent Aurora.on Thursday night. i : • Sir James Fergusson. arrived by. the. Ooorong, and landed at Robe. - ". " ' ' ' .; ; Parliament is prorogued till the 30th June. . O. Adcock, of the Willaston Hotel, the wellknown'pacing man, has -been committed.for.trial on a charge of. perjury, before the; Bench of Magistrates., ...... It is statedthatthe Governmpnt, next session, intend introducing a Land Bill for the Northern territory. '• '•• '.' y Stricter quarantine regulations are to be enforced, owing., to the; prevalence of small-pox in. Europe.. ' ' -, • ; The consecration of the new Jewish Synagogue was largely, attended, and the ceremonial was admirably carried out- The dead body of an. infant, found in a closet in Hindley-street, is supposed to be a case pf infanticide. - . i . - A Staetled Scot.—" Sannv Bean" is.very.indignant at. the telegram from; England recording the demise of the Scotsman newspaper. He writes to the iBrisbane Courier As follows:— " The telegraphic intelligence frae Europe says the Scotsman, is defunct, -whilk means deed. I winna believe't. The deel may dee, but the Scotsman, the thing's impossible; I tell ye sae, Sir, an I'm nae bairn ; John Ritchie was the edditer o' that paper, Sir ;'»he was a Sielanman| an' a Whig, an- he worked .the- paper up to a height far beyond the reach o'. the sma' wits : o' the present .day. _He's deed noo ;:he had . a happy end about .three-months ago; but the Scotsman is no destined to: follow him quite so soon. It maun be the. London Scotsman-, or some ithcro' the peasemeal ferine wha hanna brains enough to invent a clear title ;for their bantlins. That- article .'quoted by. iyou last -week upon heresy in Scotland is the :k-ind f>. • sickly pap that the like o'.them .gie to the puir. «ouls wha read them. • .Nae paper can indulge ii} -that .sort o' thing an' live. . (There's a reflection tliere,: ye'11 notice.) . That's a kind o' .fpod for dyspeptic auld wives (o' the male gender) sua'sickly parsons ; its no the thing for the" strong par*rich?fecl men,that John Eitclne wrote for'; nor' can I 'think his successors so far behind tlie. age « io ^indulge in it. Wi' a' , their faulty, an', they, admit., to many, the Scots, are able. to.keep their kirk affairs within kirk doors. • ^TJiatJs a! plan tliat :in my ignorance, I think wad .work weel in Queensland. What think you, Sir ? Its sliamfu' to drag such concerns irito'tlie'turmoU o*; warldly affairs; an'' its equally shameful to ; say that the Scotsiiian's deed.' wlien;^the'!certainty ,is bpfore ye o'-amendin' tne story by the next Yriail'." ;" Labok Bill op 1870.—It will be.^seen from irt, that this bill, yyhich has been before the Assembly, for so long, utider tlie auspices, first.'of^ Mr...*Wilsbni, and latterly of Mr. Stewart, )ias come to' an untimely end, Mr. Sapiuel's motiou, raadeinCommittee', "that the Chairman leave the chair," having been carried by 13 to. 10. '.,'.'.'. "IiOst Aet.—If we may credit a yery singular story, told in the " Jesuit's lettprs," .the Chinese have.now lost a very important, secret. They knew formerly bow to painV. their porcelain with fishes and other animals, in such'a .mauiicr thaf these figures never appeared to the eye till the porcelain vases were filled with liquor. Permission v. Compulsion.—In an -election meeting held by Mr. T. M. B. Phillips, at Daylesford, a;.ques.tion was put on: the ^subject -of a Permissive Bill. Mr. Hollis said—I would like to ask you if .a teetotaller , has . any. more right to say I shall not drink a pint of beer, than I hav.e to. say he shall drink a pint of beer? (Great laughter.) Mr. Phillips contented himself by replying—" Permission is oijo thing, and -compulsion another." - ..— •Novel Method of Catching Wild Houses. —The Shualhaien, Hews gives the following description "of a new way of fcatcliirig wiia"Hors(<s adopted by the stockmch of Mr. De Mestreat his statidn, ia the Shoalhiveri dfstriet." TJict]hamcs of tlie stockmen are Smith'and Holland^ "Being well mounted., a^-ay.they go in cliaso of a mob of wild tliorougli-brcds':—" Smith' singling out a.chestijut stuck to lier,. tearing and plunging through scrub and morassj until coming; to an opening, he rode alongside, arid watching his .opportunity, bent over and caught her by the mane, and with a well, directed spring left) his own saddle and landed On her back. In an instant his arms werejound h'cr neck, and being already winded -«he did not go many. • more yards before the process, of choking was effectual, and down she came. Holland, shortly after coming up, supplied a stirrup leather, and her leg being firmly strapped up, she was left to recover. His horse being caught, Smith mounted, and ore longwas again in chase, and for the second time successfully adopted his daring manoeuvre." Wo (Dubbo Dispatch) learn th at the pleuro iB playing snd havoc witb:tbe kangaroos and other bush animals on the-Bogan :and on the Mara. It is a pity this disease could not do its work of death among the native dogs, and among the pigs and goats that infest our villages. ; FROMQUEENSLAND^ ^iox Brisbane weliave to the.22fid in stant: , In :its summary .for ^EuK>pe the Courier says : —The political hows of tlieJast four weeks, can "very soon be told.. As a rule, the people.here take'very little interest in politics. The country -haslnot oeen settled long enough for anything 'Worthy ofthe name of :',' public spirit" to have b^gn developed, and excppt on ,questions which ^directly- affect their, private interests, very few persons can be.found who will trouble themselves ~a'bbut politics. Outside the walls of Parliament ','one'set of Ministers is considered as good as another, providing they commit no groBs blun- -ders, and are reasonably honest, impartial, and industrious, in the discharge of the public functio;ns they have assumed. The fact is, that the ..presentgeneration, of Q,ueenslanders cither re- "jgard themselves as stranger^, and sojourners in the land, "arid cherish a hope of some day or o ther going back to the old country and ending their 'days there's or they are so intent on founding Jioines for. themselves and families horo that they have neither time nor. inclination to attend .to anything else. , For this reason, except on "rare occasions', Queensland .politics .must be father uniriteresting^to jieople at a distance. The debates in our Parliament, and the action taken by rival parties there, seem to outsiders to -be little more thaji^he efforts of onc set of men <nit.pf power, to turnput.another,set who are in :p.ow^r, s ; .mply.and-solely that they may take their plaoes; not because they differ with them oil Questions pf public policy, ^ but they think they could administer the' ajttairs of the coon- J tryib'etterV• or becanse thtej are ambitious of -place;and 'power. Under such circumstances, those towhom -both parties 'are personally- iiriknotwn .cannot take a v<Sry:lifrely interest, in the struggle,, - So i&rj.thp;^Palmer :Ministry. have manifested unexpected and.unusual abili ty, zeal, and discretion in the conduct' of public affairs, an^it seems to\'be' a' generaV unders'taiidijig &ttSng; the i)ppositibti' xiiembraps -iio't to. interfere wiiththemsoilong^a's'they. <o»tinupintheir'present: course'.: This. Vis "wise; -;Tlie .'present 'JMin'istfy- are -able, . -and :J'seem . quite willing, j» forward this, .interests. ;of;all sections -of the colony mi mpre.diKct.'and unpfistajfable manner tlian any 'Miiiistry'bf late years,andit would be well 'to leave them atone while tiiey keep in this track. • .•'•'• "• ' '••/ .';' . As an^ evident oihqw :inuch 'the proper and profitable working' of cotton- field.plantations is dependent u^n .careful industry'(says the fys toiek' Observer)to the absence, of- which -are attributable so many of the-failures 'in'-Queensrland', we may quote a fact which has just come to :QUr knowledge. - A.parcel of cotton in the seed has been ginned lately ,by Messrs. Cribb and Toote,- grown by Mr.. John Mullis, of Grandchester. From a -'plantation consisting^ of ten acres, from .five of whicli the present crop has been picked,, no less' than''2200 lbs. or fine quality of -cotton haveljeeh gathered; of which •8 cwt. 3 qrs: now ginned has turned out 330 ilbs.-weight .of: clean marketable cotton,, which t.is ;expected, ;t» realise an advance' of,- twopence •.per. ib.;.bn. present .quotations. ...:This should giye,.encpurag!?ment'tb cotton planters without a bonus. •! •'... •" ? , Colonial W;nrE.—The TPartotck Examiner says:—The demand for colonial wine which has sprung up during the last year or two has induced vignerbhs in this'district' to tiirn their attention more -closely to tlio. subject, in order-to produce as good a quality , of this beverage "as possible. - At present. wine making is.going on on a mo're extensive scale than at any time pre: vipusly, and many improvements have been made in thetprespmg and storing departments. ' IiBOEB p£ Main. — There is at present in Brisbane a gentleman namedChapman,who gives entertainments, at which he performs very wonderful'feats, in referring to'which the Express says :—A new feature, " The man in .the sack full of ghosts*'' was introduced. Mr. Chapman being handcuffed with a small pair of handcuffs, the key, being kept by a gentleman in the audience, got .into, the sack, the mouth of which was tied lip and,-sealed. He was then placed on an elevation on the platform, surmounted with some drapetjr'j he not only succeeded in getting out of the sack, but took his coat and rest off. lie then came down, unsacked ; the handcuffs were still fast, >and the seal on the sack was unbroken,nor -was there any rent in the sack. The thing was very well done. , Gaptijiie of TwO Anned Bu8H"ean&ees; on the iCastleeeagh.—The following letter from Mr.'"W. C. Weston, Clerk of Petty Sessions at Coonamble, was received yesterday by Mr. George A.. Lloyd :—'" I have only a minute to spare i,o write you a line, as I promised. Your son; Mr.' G. A. Lloyd, and Bell, left me two liours'ago, after delivering a bushranger to the police;:-whom .they captured in a very gallant way. : I cannot give you full particulars as I am too busy writing to the Government. Suffice it to say.;—two men armed stuck up Bullarorra, a station of A. H. M'Culloch's, on Tuesday, stole two horses'and saddles, and demanded caps for pistols; they then went off in the direction of Terenibone., Your son and Bell were in the bush, when they henrd from a fencer about the sticking up. : They--at once armed themselves and went $.fter, apd found them ten miles from Terembone, and after, a -resistance, captured both; with all tlie stolen. property, with the exception of a revolver!wliich the principal man tlirew away, but which will be found ere this reaches you. Bclrtied one man's hands with his" stockwhip, : assisted by a man they had with them, named . William's, your son having gone on with the other fellow- After ,a time the man Bell and .Willjams were guarding, complained of the tightness of the thong round his wrist, so they loosened it and put on a woollen comforter. Bell leading the way, and Williams bringing up the rear with 'tlie second prisoner. All at once Bell heard Williams sing out,' He's off,' he at once turned mid followed, but the country was so thickly timbered that the fellow got away on •foot faster than they could follow liim on liorscback, and succeeded in making his cscape. It was a very plucky affair, and reflects the highest crcdit on both." '.', A Haunted. House.—The Cumberland Times tells us the following:—A house in Phillip-street In the occupation of a family, whose name* for obvious reasons wo withhold, has during the past week been troubled " at the silent hours of midnight" by nocturnal visitants, who apparently -desire to create a local ghost sensation. Those Would-be spiritual beings, wishing no donbt to produce the same amount of mental disquietude in other minds as exists in tbeir own, -have during the past week selected the small hours of the morning as the most fitting for their purpose, attired themselves in ghostly raiment (otherwise yclept^ sheets) and proceeding to the residence of their victim, have thcro had recourse to the following supposed expedient to induce fear in the minds of its inmates; opening the shutters (which are entirely innocent of fastenings) they attach a, piece of string to tbc washingstand, and by this means produce a most unearthly noise. Oar informant was not in a position to stato the other means resorted to for procuring the end in view, but suffice it to Bay, that they were sufficiently, successful. to produce no inconsiderable amount of wonderment and alarm during tho first several evenings they were practised. However, 'this mj'stery like all others found its solution, and we trust its producers may also meet with their deserts. . Musclebiiook.—Tlie coach from Murrurnndi was upset in the Hunter, at Aberdeen, last Friday, and the passengers nearly drowned. One mail-bag was lost and 6ome luggngc. The mailbag was afterwards recovered. Mr. lticlmrd Simpson, a lnrge mining-machine proprietor at Dcnison, was killed the same day near Aberdeen. His horse carried him aguinst a tree. 