?-II ???mmillUJai ???!?>?!-awn ?lit^^ElY pF NEWS. A. ijionster beehi^^reported. by the Waggi Wagrja /J^cr^'sctwxfttho (ith inar. to have:., jeen discovered , 011, the (previous Thursday evening at Sandy Creek. A tj*ee w felled for ihe purpose of propuEing honey, wl'iibh it was known, nad,been collected there by a rather large swarm of bees. When , tho tree was, cut down there was found in the hollow, cm© of the most astonishing collections of honey ever known, probably, to have been gathered by one swarm of bees, There were several immense layers of comb lOfi in length, and of great density, extending along the inside of the trunk, and almost clothing the hollow of the tree entirely, After it had been carried home (having been wasted con siderably by the fail of the tree, and the primitive mode in which it was collected,) the comb yielded over 200lba,of honey of the purest'quality. Hugh Glass, the great Victorian squatter, died on Monday last of liver complaint, at the age of 54. lie was one of the earliest settlers in Yictorin, and amassed;,an im mense fortune, which, how^v'er^litft' Ipeen nearly all lost of late years, through reverses and depreciation of property. From Dunedin, under date May 1, it is reported" A horrible tragedy occurred at Cavershum this morning. A woman named M'JPhee, the wile of a publican, cut her child's throat with a butcher's kuife, She then attempted suicide, and is not expected to recover. It appears that her husband's partner, uamud Kane," had committed a capital ofience upon her, which hud preyed on her mind. A warrant ha3 beeu issued for Kane's appro hension." Mr. ITorsley, the operatic composer and leader, purposes visiting the provincial towns between Melbourne and Adelaide, I before leaving Tor Kngiiuul, lima All the opium stolen from one of the Melbourne bonded stores, together with a Inrge quantity of kerosene also abstracted, has been recovered. They were dis covered on the premises of a suspended locker who ia in custody. At the Rand wick meeting on the fourth day, Lady Clifden carried off the Rous Handicap; Mermaid the Randwick Handi cap ; Tim Whiffles the Queen's Plate; Javelin the Nursery.Handicap; arid The; Spy the Forced Handicap, . The Norwood Cricket Club has requested the co-operation.- of their fellow clubs throughout the colony; for the purpose of establishing a Cricketing Association. It is thought such uti association would have the eft'oct of providing a nianly and health ful British sport, and enable South Aus tralian batsmen to challenge knights of tho willow in other'colonies to try their skill against a picked team of our players. \--Advertiser. Jt is stated that on the 16th between forty and fifty thousand pounds was paid in Melbourne for Customs duties in antici pation of the alteration of. duties on tea, sugar, kerosene and candles. . . i . {Several of the electors of the District of Light have been in communication with Mr. John Colton, soliciting himnto become a candidate for the representation of that district to supply the vacancy .caused by the retirement of Mr. Hamilton. Mr. (Jolton has, however, declined.. The estimated resident population of Mauritius on the 3jst of December, 1870, ,was 328,633, The- general^ population numbered G4,G08 males and58,389 females; the Indian, 140,283 males and 70,353 females. . The New South Wales Assembly have agreed to subsidise the Californiun mail steamers for., five years at the rate of £15,000 per annum. It iB said Mr. Lewis, the old member for Light, will contest the vacancy made by the retirement of Mr. Hamilton. The Sericultural Company formed' in Adelaide, intend to commence operations. The establishment of a meat preserving company at Coleraine is mooted. The capital required is £10,000, and it is said some six or seven gentlemen are prepared to take shares to the extent of £5000. The correspondent of the Hamilton Spec tator writesThe situation of Coleraine as a centre for theindustry is quite apparent, when we consider that the stations imme diately adjoining the town, are capable of fattening something like 150,000 sheep, without going out of our- own, district for supply, and in all likelihood this: number can be doubled, with extra stock-giowing within a radius of from fifteen to twenty miles; so that if the concern really starts, it will not be likely to fail from want of stock supply, the country around being more suited for. fattening than wool growing." . . We learn; by way of Sydney (remarks the Geelony Advertiser) that an: exploring expedition,, to the proceedings; of which. much interest will be attached, is now being organized'hy; the Governor-General of Netherlands- India.. A. steam corvette is being fitted: out at Batavia for the ex ploration of . Australia, the southern and south-western coast of New .Guinea and the adjacent,,islands.,. The expedition is likely to sail from Java ,ip the course of the present,, .month; and proceeds then direct to Melbourne, to take on board M. jploos Van Amstel, Consul-General for the Netherlands,, under whoso, direction and control the exploring staff iji to be placed. From Melbourne the expedition will pro ceed to the northern coast, either by the western or eastern routes, : and .?. will examine all the bays and natural harbours where settlement may" be expected to take place earliest as population spreads north wards from the older settlements} from thence New Guinea will be explored as far as possible, and the neighbouring islands will also be visited and examined, The I objects in view' are. partly scientific and partly commercial, the Dutch Government desiring to open up new fields, for the commerce of. Java. The Dutch had at one time a settlement,o.n the south- western coast of New Guinea, and they appear now desirous of learning, by actual examination of the scene, Jwhy the experiment , failed. "The, interest which will be taken, in this exploring .expedition there 8.8 well,as in Australia vifill not- be lessened by..the reflection that the dis covery of Taspiania was made in. the course of an exploring voyage , projected and carried out'by a Government of Nether lands-India some 230 .years ago." SIR'ROBEBT PEEL lias sold to the trustees of the National Gallory, a fine collection of pictures' by the old'pasters, jnade by his father. Tho price is about £70,000, or, on the average, £1,000 a picture, LOB» Brougham ih his autobiography thus narrates liovv the v'.unbelievilisf obstin acy" of hia lather, was the meat^,,of demol ishing what would have been a very pretty ghost story " He had dined one,day iu Dean's Yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of. whom was his intirnate friend, Mr Calmel. There was some talk about the death of a.Mrs Nightingale, who had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had been,that day buried in the Abbey. Some one of the party offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into the grave and drive a nail into tlie coffin* Calmel ac cepted tho wager, only stipulating that he might have a lanthorn. He was ac cordingly let into the cathedral by the ,door out of thet cloisters. The dinner party, after waiting an hour or more for CalraeJ, began to think something must have happened to him, and that lie ought to be looked after 5 so my father and two or three more cot a light and went to the grave, at tho Ijottora of which, lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Calmel. lie was quickly transported tp the pre bend's dining-room, and recovered out of his fainting-fit. As soon, as, he could find his tongue, ho said,' Well, I havo won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin j but, by Jove ! tho lady rose up, laid lioli^ of me, and pulled' me down before I could scramble out of the grave.' Calmel stuck to his story in spite of all the scoffing, of his friendsand tho ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over the town, but for my father's obstin ate incredulity. Nothing would, satisfy him but an ooular inspection of tho grave and. coffin j aud so, getting a light, he aud some of tho party returned to the grave. There, sure enough, was the nail, well driven into the coffin 5 but hard fixed by it was a bit of Mr. Calmel's coat-tail! So there was an end of Mrs. Nightingale's ghost. 