THE UNLUCKY LOVERS. A TALE OF JAPAN. Fanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of the great Tycoon ; She wore her head bald, and her clothes were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon ; Her face was the colour of lemon-peel, And the shape of a table spoon. A handsome young chap was Johnny Hi-Hi, And he wore paper-muslin clothes; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose ; His eyes slanted downard, as if some chap Had savagely pulled his nose. Fanny Foo-Foo loved Johnny Hi-Hi, And when in the usual style He popped, she blushed such a deep orange tinge ; You'd have thought she'd too much bilfe, If it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft in the bliss of their new-born lvoe, Did these little Pagans stray All around in spots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanese way ; She howling a song to a one-stringed lute, On which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced him on her nose, Or else she would get in a pickle-tub, And he kicked around on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the firece Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths to tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood on end If only they'd had enough. So the tycoon buckled on both his swords, In his pistol placed a wad, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod. He found them enjoying their guileless selves On the top a of lighting rod. Sternly he ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To " come down out of that there !" And he told Hi-Hi to go to a place— I won't say precisely where, Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms evinced Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas ! was badly fooled, Despite his paternal pains, For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Out of his jugular veins ; While with a back somersault on the floor Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, Right under a dogwood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale, and The buzz of the bumble-bee ; And where the mosquito's sorrowful chant Maddens the restless flea. And often at night when the Tycoon's wife Slumbered as sound a s a post, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked ona sight That scared him to death almost ; 'Twas a bald- headed spectre fitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. —Australasian. Having entered upon the vicious circle of pro- tection, we are bound, it seems, to pursue the 'weary round until, -all iutereBts being protocted, 'the benefits of -ahy. fipocial Vprotection :will 'h'avo' ' beon neutralised,- nnd 'wo shall be eventuaHyicbn-! ' -hiotc(i:; to, tliBi.'poirit'from! Which we first Bot out. ?ri'he.Cli\efj8ecf.eta.ry -hftving intimated his wiHing 'nosj to place a:i0 por cent; duty 'on-. imported, 'tweeds, to protect, oar! local cloth' /manufacturers,) ?'tho owners of .tho.-iclo.thing factories aro takiug ?alarm.-. ',{ ItYtffill^'bdtiaiany: yenrsj'1 aay they, * '! bofore-i y?e can , manufacture till olothes wewtint, and. this f 10 ipur !cerit.. duty -'on rpieco goods 'will i '-make'OUr oolpnlbl-made- clothing cost' 10 percent. 'more than at present; and this'will open our ?mnrkcl to the -i British manufacturers, who will Mbqn .be; enabladita'payiioartartff. duty of 10 per ?-!ont.: qp,'.theiri ^ready-mRde.'Blopaj . and 'flood our 'market, ruin our clothing manufacturers, and. throw , '?out of :work: that respectable' body bf girls,' men, 'and bbys,' who! nW'get'a'livirig at oar: factories;' ?.TIiis,vwhich..:WO: dxtrnot' from :a, 'letter in:a daily vpnper, bf'l'ueaday laat.Js a very fair, ilhistratioij of ; the narrow. [vieW8.andsel68b.'oess.o'f;'I?rotoctioni8tB Nganorallyi ^'iYiju must protect 'us,',' oxolaim'bur '.local ?slopraakers,',!' against the British clothiers, ihutyou mustlnt'-protefct tho'ooloniftl cloth manu ^Wturor againat'-faia .Iniporial rivaV.' ^'Ybt,' if the ?State undertakes ,to coddle one interest, it is bound 'in justico and equity to coddlo all. 'When the 'clothiers and the wool-staplorshavo' been 'coddled, '-it .will be''high timttlto-pUt-in'their claim to dry ?nursiDg. nThoy .rara,-ijtist-- as.- much1 'entitled' to a 'bouaty.of-lO'per.contrupoa all the wool -th'ey esi Vpdrt as thqBe. who 1. work : -up wool: into Joloth and 'clpthingiareettitlodto a protective; duty of 10'per cent »s BgaiDgt British competitors. And,1 in like Tnnnner, the gold- miners should agitate for n simi -)ar, bounty upon-all- the prccibus metal they export, ?in order* to 1 countervail' the euhauced prico:wMch 'ihov 'ire coruiioHod toruav for evfi»o.imnortadoom jnddi«yJ;',t'h?yn'consttme4i' VW11: wo tmo ^atump1' 'ihoigoldifieldsau tbia 'tiokot'T— protection' tp nativo 'industry, and above all to tho premier industry 6f 'the cobony; by a bounty 'of '83. per ounce upon' all '.exported Rold'? A: splendid ; opportunity hnatpro 'sonted'itsolfiof testing tho value of tho principle bf ?protection,. ,by the aioge'.of 'Paris, 'the ' native 'induBtty''lx)frtwo millions -of-, people, comptiaing SOrno of! tho bBBt'nrtiQcera in the world, lino boon 'more effectually protocted against oxternal compo 'titiop liy: the: Prussian armyithan would have been possible 1 by a- cordon dfn custom-houses. 'In ifriof, ?Jiativeindilstry has boon master of the situatioh irt -Paris. ;, Not only ao, but it lias nchioved bne'of the jgfoatest .-desidAruta . of rtho prdtectionists-^-it ? has kept all its. money lit homo. 'Under those- oircutn atnDcee, we! may expect- to hoar, so 'soon as the «iego is raiBod.-.thttftlio'inhabitnuts of 'tho French Metropolis, self- cojlttlinoti nnd self-tiUstainotl, hrtvo 'allibecomeiunproocdontedly Hoh during the' period 'they have boen so completely protectod. As :tbo diminution of 'imports iB, abcording to oUrnow ligbts ? in political economy, an ovidenco of 'the 'Increasing. prosperity of ^he'commtinity wbiohdis |pensea with thBm^itheir- total. cessation 'niost bo n vaati unqualified biosaing. . 'We 'wondor'nono -of our'_huatings' orators 'havo 'referred 'to 'the siogo of Pariawhenithay.hrtve been taxious to ' point' a moral' in favour df prOtecUon.'— ihrsiratoiirtn., . ': \- The Austmlaaiaw informs a correspondent thai ?« tho first-cliisa matches last season Mr; W. G. wtee played in 21, had 34 innings, scored ISO? 'nina;. hie ihighastniriningsrwaa 215, most in a match 221,lenRtin'amatch 14, he wob four times ?not-out,- and-hiBaverage.53 and 6 over. Mr. W. '' Moneyngot an ??? averngo of CO ; Mr. B. A; IiYi «itoholl; 68. ? -R.- Dnlt's avorago was 51 ; ho tad *!? inniDg8,-ana' Bborcd 667'ruus. V 