ROME. TRK ITALIAN USURPATION. The Roman correspondent of the Westminster Gazelle writes:— There appears no reason lo hurry the settlement of tht matter of where the King is to reside in ltome, for every dav S)>OWR more and more hesitation on his part to Come here. The divisions of opinion on this point in the Cabinet are further than ever from an accommodation. Another apple of disi'ord is the question of whether the promised guarantees of the Pope's independence nre to he made the subject of n European Congress. It is more than probable one or bulb of these questions will bring about n Ministerial crisis. Of the transfer of the capital we also hear less aud less. I hear every day of new protests of Catholics in different parts against the usurpation. One inaugurated by iVie Prince Primate of Hungary is receiving numerous signatures. The fivi- Swiss bishops have drawn up another. At Mayence there has been H grand meeting The aildress from Malta to the Queen had more than 10,000 signatures. T!it» Liber Id • Catiolica of Kmilee, the UiiUA CaUolica u'f Turin, and Catholic journals in other towns, continue to publish daily lii»ts of suhserimioii* am) letters of loyal sympathy with the Holy Father, many of them courageously signed at full length. H«-re, there are associations for offering communions and rpecial devoiions, and pi»in works in inti-rci-Bsion for '.he need of the Holy See ; and a noble protest bearing four thowuinj nantes of resident Romans has beeo*|>reuented,totliH Holy Father. Therm seems to be an idea afloat thai Prussia is fast becoming allrpowtrfol, and ihnt when the Kind's h«»<ls are once free from bin present engagements his conservative instinct* will lead him to on himself to see the Pupe righted. There are no doubt considerable grounds which give substance to tb>s idtii, but ttwre are also many against it—^tlie Protestant majority ••( her fsnbjriiis, the strong D.-roocmtie element in Iter population, And BO forth. Any dispositions ihitt may have been discovered in. her. to defend the right iii' Italy but afford a ground for more* etrenuous.Wiirkiotr, no aMo b'ioglo the support. of these <lisposi(io<)» t|«-. meagre of public opinion without, which nothing can be done under auch urigitne as it possesses. . i . BOM AN.PACTS. ' The King's visit is deterred until after the elections, which take pl^ceon Uie 30th inst. AJetterfrom Rome says, " the Government intercepts the' greater part of ,the correspondence addressed to the Holy fVtheiy,; I kmiw as* fact, ilitt sinae the i5th Octob?r »ot a single number of Z' Univers has been forwarded to him. There are sent to the Holy Father, for the relief of his present distress, many letters containing money. None of them reach their destination. If the Italians cannot get at the cash, they destroy the letter, hoping thereby to increase the straits of the august prisoner. It is recommended to those good persons who wish to make remittances to the Pope, to send their gifts through the medium of a banker or by some trustworthy messenger." The Albani Villa pleases Rome's masters, but it does aot please Prince Tor- Ionia that they should have it. Instead of selling his villa to the Pope's enemies, he has presented the Holy Father with 50,000 lire. Touching acts of adhesion and condolence, very numerously signed, are pouring into the Vaticnn from all parts of Italy, the Pope's own Rome included. One in particular, accompanied by a personal offering from each, lias been addressed to hitn by the ladies of Rome of all degrees from the princesses downwards. Napoleon III., fallen, captive, suffering in health, dreads the severity of a German winter, and has manifested a desire to be removed to the Isle of Elba. The King of Prussia was willing to gratify him, and, as El ha belongs to the Italian Kingdom, permission was requested of that Government for the Emperor to make it his place of refuge; but the Italy which owes its existence to Napoleon III. has refused him this small boon, a boon which it has conceded to so many offenders condemned to domicilio coutto. The reason given by Visconti-Venosta is, that Italy would not merit the gratitude of Europe if, allowing the Emperor to sojourn in Elba, it were to aid in the formation of a focus of conspiracy which would prove dangerous alike to France and to Italy itself.—Tablet. ROME AND TUH GOVERNMENT. A telegram from Berlin, published on Tuesday, said that M. Thiers had written to the Pope informing him that he had advocated his cause at the Courts he visited on his late diplomatic journey, and that the Courts were ready favourably to consider his case. Whatever may be the actual truth of the statement (in high political quarters movements are necessarily slow), by the intelligence which reaches us from Rome we believe that the Governments of Europe refuse to recognise the usurpation of Victor Emmanuel. A letter ID the Jvurnal de Briixellcs says that very serious remonstrances have been made by several of the Powers to the Cabinet of the Italian King. Austria and Bavaria have already protested ; Prussia has al?o protested even more energetically than they, and 1ms giveu the Italians to understand that on behalf of the German Catholics she means to have a voice iu the European Congress, or by whatever agency the rights of the Sovereign Pontiff are to be regulated, and that she will take care that the religious interests of so considerable a portion of her people suffer no prejudice. All such declarations have, it is needless to observe, an important hearing on the subject of the Pope's restoration. A writer in Z' Univem says: — " L make the statement with mingled grief and admiration, the principal movement in behalf of the Roman restoration comes from Germany, from those very people who are making such a bitter war against us. And yet France was the country towards which the Pope had shown so many preferences. What do we do in return ? We take as our comrade in arms the miserable braggart who described the Papacy as the 1 cancer of Italy.'" We learn from the Continent that in Germany an energetic movement has been set on foot in favour of the Holy See, and a collective and personal application (demarche) by the German Episcopate to the King of Prussia has been decided on. And an article in the Norddnulscher Zcilung, non-Catholic piper and the semi-official organ of Count Bismarck, gives us reason for believing that! it will be favourably received. The article says:—''The Gazette Uffiziale published a decree by which the City of Rome and the Pontifical States are declared integral parts of Italy. A-telegraph despatch adds that the arrungements by which the free exercise of his spiritual authority will be secured to the Pope are to be fixed by legislation, that is to say, by arbitrary decisions, passed by the Government and Legislature of the Italian Kingdom. But it must be observed here that a decision about what the Catholic Church,and its visible Head recognise as sufficient <securities lor the free exercise of the Pope's spiritual authority is a matter that cannol possibly be regarded us purely internal lo any Catlwlic Stale. The Holy Father has been firm hitherto in his protest against the acts of the Italian Government.— Tablet. rRAYERS FOR THE COUNCIL TO BE CONTINUED. The prayers prescribe]"by the Holy Father for the General Council-are still of uliligation throughout the Church. The council is not linihlied, but only suspended. The necessities for special prayer are as great as even -The following are ttic words of the brji; (suspend-, iug the council:— , ' * And because the more the Chwrcli is .tried with more nud graver perilB, aoinuoh the mora Ought we to be * o is taut in prayer-and supplication day aud night «o God; feud the Father of our' Jjord Jesus Christ, the. father sof mercies, and. the God of .all consolation, We will mid oommMid that what was {decreed aud ordained in. the .Letters Apostolic pt.t&f; l|th of April o£ hit year, in which letters we granted a plehafy in diligence to all tho faithful in form of Jubilee, on occasion of the {Ecumenical Goa&oQ;, ahajn remain in force and vigour, in the inanner and form proscribed by those letter*, the same as if the celebration of the council were still prSceoding. • The Letters Apostolic above referredto, among other prescriptions, contain the following:— We also ordain that from the 1st of Jane next to the close of the (Ecumenical Council, all the priests of the Catholic world, secular'or regular, shall add every day in the Mass the prayer to the Holy Ghost. ' 