ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Mr. Tavares has added to the list of his characters, played since last week's record of them, Hamlet, Shylock, Sir Harconrt Courtly, and The Stranger. Of these, Sir Harconrt most be pronounced his best; and it is not only his best, but it is the best representation of the character we have had on tbe Melbourne stage. For Mr. Tavares looks the character, and it need hardly be said that in a special comedy part like Sir Harconrt Courtly, externals go j for a good deal. The imagination has no difficulty in accepting Mr. Tavares' figure in this part, as exactly what would be looked for in an elderly man of fashion, eagerly desirous of preserving the elegance which helped to make him acceptable to the other sex in his young time. When he makes the oath, invoking the destruction of his several fascinations, there is really no absurdity involved, as has so frequently been the case upon the stage of the Theatre Boyal, when some other actors have sworn it. To hear a short, squat, or lumpy man express a hope that the graceful curve, or, as he phrases it, tbe "fall" in his back may disappear, as the penalty of forgetting to love Lady Gay Spanker, the effect is only to pro duce derision in the mind of the spectator. It has always appeared an error to allot this part, as a matter of course, to the " first old man" of a company.First old men are not gene rally remarkable for falls in their backs, and therefore to hear them talk about what does not exist; is, to say tbe least, perplexing. Mr. Tavares. on the contrary, has exactly that half-military, very punch measured, and quite dignified deportment, which is inevi tably associated with the beau who has reached his autumnal period. Moreover, there is in his gut ex|ctly that degree of stiffness requisite to show that his limbs, while they have lost the suppleness of youth, have as yet nothing of the feebleness of old age. He is, moreover, entirely free from those pantomimic starts, it is by some actors considered necessary to indicate the astonishment that has to be expressed, when intrusive persons venture upon familiarities with Sir Harconrt He is the perfectly easy, well-bred man of fashion, with an undoubting belief in his own fascinations, and therefore he very properly does not jerk himself into an attitude of astonishment whenever he is con fronted by vulgar or vivacious persons. He rather regards them with a lofty compassion, just as we should regard a blind man who, by reason of his infirmity, might happen to stumble against us. He lives in a region of sublime self-complacence, and therefore, with excellent judgment, refrains from destroying the onifonnity| of action, expressive of the feeling arising out of such a perfect calmness of mind. The success with which he has played this part seems to determine his specialty, if it was not determined before. The range, within which such characters as Sir Harconrt Courtly are comprised, may perhaps be limited; nevertheless, as all theatrical experience goes to show that it is safest for any actor to have a specialty, a limited specialty is better tf"»> none at alL Mr. Tavares has played two characters, namely Iago and Sir Harconrt Courtly, very well, and one of them strikingly ' well, and as there is a quality com. mon to both of these parts, the obvious conclusion Is that, in parts wherein this quality is prominent, he will succeed best. If he had made his first appearance In Sir < Harconrt or Iago, it would undoubtedly have been better for him. It now remains for him to study Malvolio—if he has not already studied it and if he do not make in it a | great success, there is no virtue in prophecy. Of his Hamlet, played on Saturday night, it is only right to Bay that itwaa intelligently 1 oonoeived and carefully expressed; but his imperfect acquaintance with the text pre vented its being ufiue completely evpiyMed than it otherwise would have been. His Shylock of Saturday night was an even steady performance, neither strongly lined! nor darkly shadowed; and bis Stranger of Thursday was a refined and gentlemanly misanthrope, who, while seeming to have a good reason for his misanthropy, did not, as is the wont of some acton, continually groan and sigh as if he had an incurable toothache. The direction, therefore, in which his success liest'appeam, so far; to be unmis takably in that of parts not requiring great emphasis or much declamatory power. For it cannot he doubted that the indi vidual qualities of the actor must of necessity more or less determine his fftifry for realising the' distinguishing peculiarities of particular creations, that is, if dnmatio creations iwe to possess distinguishing peculi arities at all, a proposition which still hardly be denied. And as a leading principle of stage-management ought to be to make the semblance of things as like as. possible to the things imitated,, the . jmore nearly an actor's natural qualities approach th w of the . character personated, the more nearly other thipgs being equal will hie sjpprpach to the realisation of what he essays to represent J*is therefore not at all improbaMe that <;Ur. Tavareshas a large t^wem^Pagart hfrp f»only*jwtbegin! Speaking of theother character in the several pieces in which Mr. Tavares has ap peared, it may be remarked that Mr. Howe made.# Wi excellent Ghost, very energetic, ff a littletoo boisterous Gratiano.aodan no- j expectiy good Dearie. Mr. Coppln'sPolonias I ia a solid and vary gentlemanly sort of pec. •wage, fib* Roberts's Laertes is more thah1 presentable, and his Antonio beyond ^the average of Antonios. Mr. Robertson's Osnc is a great improvement upon the lady Osrrics, of which we have had too many, and his Lorenzo an equal advance npon the ran of Loronzos Of Mr. Dann's Max Harkaway, it may be said that it is very unlike Mr. Harwood's, and that Mr. Harwood is the best Max Hark, away we have had on this side the equator. Mrs. Darrell played Ophelia, Portia, and Lady Gay Spanker in the days that are gone, and as she plays them now, she makes one think of how she used to play them then. Miss Jano's Queen and Grace Harkaway are both very charming women, but then, save as to language and costume, they are replicas of each other. Mr. Ireland's King, Bossanio, and Charles Courtly, are well known, and as well liked, and the same may truly be said of Mr. Greville's Gravedigger, his Launcelot, and his Meddle. Mr. George Leopold, who played Dolly Spanker, will have to try again before he can play it without burlesquing it. Miss Douglass played Nerissa, and it was very gratifying to see that during her long absence from this theatre, she has not retrograded, as some actresses do when they go away into country regions. But then Miss Douglass is a very painstaking and per severing young lady ; she takes an interest in what she does, and always endeavours to make the most of everything with which she is entrusted. She presented a very engaging Nerissa, and while neglecting none of the traditional particulars proper to the part, she combined with them a certain grace of her owd, which proved very conclusively that she is something else than only a copyist. There can be no doubt that Miss Douglass will prove a most useful member of the Royal Company, so that Mr. Coppin may be congratulated upon having engaged her. On Saturday night for an afterpiece was played "The Corsican Brothers,'" less the first act, Mr. Howe impersonating the Brothers, He gave a good and intelligent example of the dnplex part, and, in spite of disadvantages for which he is not responsible, played the part better than some actors who possess the advantages he lacks. Indeed, it wonld be wrong to say that Mr. Howe has failed in any character he has essayed since first he came among us* As a matter of course, be has played some better than others; but, taking the average of bis performances, he has maintained a very good level of excellence. As a popular favourite, he has thoroughly established himself, so that his benefit, which is fixed for next Thursday (the 10th), is pretty sure to be well attended. In India, for which place he leaves on the 13th, he can hardly fail to be popular, for there they appear to like variety and versatility, and in these qualities he is abundant. When, after the Zavistowski season, the Royal resumes the regular busi ness, his absence will be very perceptible. On Tuesday, Mr. Cotterill opens at St George's-hall, for a season. Since last he appeared in Melbourne, he has made a long tour through Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, and has every* where been most favourably received. In Tasmania, especially, he was singu larly successful, and attracted a large num ber of the people who go to public per formances only on exceptional occasions. He calls his entertainment now "Quiz, or Faces and Fancies," and it has been some what rearranged, so as to present it in a more compact and coherent form. He is undoubtedly the most original and graphic entertainer of all the entertainers who have entertained us in Melbourne, and his popu larity cannot fail to be of a progressive kind. Mr. Cowan, who has proved himself a very considerable humourist; is going to California, and takes his farewell at St George's-hall on Monday. He is sure to have a good house. * * 