tO TUE.EDITOR. ROADS -AND ROAD TRUSTEES.: Sta;-Knowing that 'your columnsii are always'open.for thle correctioiof existing an'Pililpable abuses, I' desire to draw, your.:: attention ito: :the 'followini?g: -We have 'some three or ifouri roadi tiusteeCs-ii this?,eighbourhoodi; htleimoney granted for;'the repair of. oaids; c-, passes.through theiir- hands. Iso'h iappens that,. with one exEeption, ourroad itrustees are store kespers; arid; agtirn? it so: lhtpp rii tiiitha' the sd.dcce?ful teinderer'iof?-oad? woitkare customers, of the . said trustee-store-' keepe~ ~; ---and fromt?he -general: appear-. ance of :thingsi no dobt thes'aiid bUc&~s"C ful tenderers ae petty deep. th~~i sai truIs o? ekeneis, i~'ols:.;1i ieoe h nI t wo?, iid also remark, M1r.iEitorpthnt" it'is 6more tharn uselessess vfirrer' r 'otija iny o~hermInai puttlniin ia tcidei for su worik'for, this reason: I and others who tender for the w'ork, and. who do so at-a figure that we can make wages at, that is by doing the work in a workmanlike nlan ner, iave not the ghost of a chance with t'he tr.ustee-storekeepers' customers, who tender at such a figure that it is utterly impossible to do the work as it ought to .be done. But' still -they,=the'customers referred to, do very well by the work, as 'they can just do it as they think fi.t. Now, Mr. Editor, I think it is a crying. :sinr; antdOiieo th ith-oughlitt-ýtbesh ownr in the propei·aquiarterf, as the money grantediby. the ,Roads,Department is the peolile's money, and ought to, be ex pended aio~ the benetitof theo people.) ;As pr~oof" ofmy-assertiions, I- have onilyt to point out to you places in' the, cattled track;-' known as the :Miarked-tree-line: One plane 'in patiphilr,; kniowii"as Sapo's 1Folly, where a dray loaded partly: with wool, but imostly with sheepskins, went .down ,to ~:te .:axle; -the' teamster being compelled to unload, 'and also to engage another team, so that'they each: took half a lotid to Collector. I am of opinion, Mr.° Editor, that the road trust should not be in the hands of storekeepers. .Although, Snd?doubt, there are honorable exceptions, .but'should be in the hands of indelen %dent* gentlemen, geintlemen that are in idependent of parties contracting for road work,-in fact, gentlemen who possess a_ soul, of honour. In conclusion, Mr.' editor, I would just say that in my hum ble opinion not only should public money be spent for the public benefit,-but par 'ties'.tendering for the work should be compelled to do the work as it shouldibe done. If that was the case'we.would not have such complaints as we do from un fortunate teamsters, if money is being *granted to make the roads muchl worse than- they .were in their natural state. No doubt, Mr. editor, the storekeeper road-trustees may think that I only feel sore because I could not get a job. from them; and since seeing some of the so called work done, I do feel a little nettled, because,,if I had thought for a moment, that such work would be allowed to pass muster, I could have tendered much nower then the lowest of them; but, not b.o.ng in the books of the road-trus 'tees, and bey not being compelled to accelyt the 'lwCP5t tender, the result, so far as I am concertrd, no doubt would have .been about the sar.ie. Hoping I-.ave ndt tres;.ssed too'far on your valuable columns, .I remain, Sir,.. Yours, t&c.;, 'IN PRO PRI A PER SO NAI Gaundaroo, Dec.2. .: i 