TAIEIES, DEMONS, GOBLINS, AND ; GHOSTS. '' ' ' BT P. Wi- JOICB,A.M. t H.B.I.A. . (Fran Boklon Pilot.) {Continued.) THE sound F OF the Vis ofteti eclipsed by t (p. 22), aiid this givesrise tbfurthfrrnodificatiohs: There is a castle calledBallihteeaii, giving name to a townland in the parish'of • Ballysokeety, Mayo, which is written fay M'Firbis, Baile-an-tsiodkain, the town of the' lairy hill; the same name occurs riear ! Ballihrohe, in the'same county, and in the parish of; Kilglass, Sligo; while in Down and Kildare it tales the 'form of Ballintine. Aghintain near Clbgher, in Tyrone; would be written in the origintil, Ackadh-crt- ttiadhain, the field; of the fairy mount. Most of the different kinds of fairies, so well known at the present day to those acquainted •with the Irish peasantry, bave also been commemorated in local names. A few of these I will here briefly mention, but the subject deserves more space than I can afford.* The Pooka—Irish j>uca—is ah odd mixture of merriment and malignity; his exploits form the sulyect of innumerable legendary narratives; and every literary tourist who visits our island seems to consider it a duty to record some new story of this capricious goblin. Under the name of Puck, he will be recognised as the " merry wanderer of the night,", who boasts that he can " put a girdle round about the earth in forty minutes ;" and the genius of Shakspeare has conferred on him a kind of immortality he never expected. There are many places all over Ireland where the pooka is still well-remembered, and where, though he himself has forsaken his haunts, he has left his name to attest his former reign of terror. One of the best known is Pollaphuca, in Wicklo'w, a wild chasm where the Liffy falls over a ledge of rocks iiito a deep pool, to which -the name properly belongs, signifying the pool or hole of Pooka. There are three townlands in Clare, and several other places in different parts of the country with the same name; they are generally wild lonely dells, caves, chasms in rocks on the seashore, or pools in deep glens, like that in Wicklbw—-all places of a lonely character, suitable haunts for this mysterious sprite. The Original name of Puckstown, in the parish of Mosstown, in Louth, and probably of Puckstown, near Artaine, in Dublin, was Pollaphuca, of which the present name is an incorrect translation. Carrigaphooca (the Pooka's rock) two miles west of Macroom, where on the top of a rock overhanging the Sullane stand the ruins of the M'Carthys' castle, is well-known as the place where Daniel O'Rourke began his adventurous voyage on the back of an eagle ; and here for many a generation the Pooka held his " ancient solitary reign," and played pranks which the peasantry still relate with minute detail. About half-way between Kilfinnane Limerick, and Mitchelstown in Cork, the bridge of Abaphuca crosses Ounageeragh river at the junction of its two chief branches, and on the boundary of the two counties. Before the erection of the bridge this was a place of evil repute, and not without good .reason, for on stormy winter nights many a traveller was swept off by the flood in attempting to cross the dangerous ford; these fatalities were all attributed to the malice of the goblin that haunted the place; and the name—the Pooka's ford—still reminds us of his deeds of darkness. He is often found lurking in laths and lisses ; and accordingly there are many old forte through the country called Lissaphuca and Rathpooka, which have, in some cases, given names to townlands. In the parish of Kilcol - man, in Kerry, are two townlands called Ratbpoge on the ordnance map, and Rathpooke in other authorities —evidently rathpuea, the Pooka's rath. Sometimes his name is shortened to pooh or puck; as, for instance, in Castlepook, the Goblin's castle, a black, square, stern-looking old tower, near Doneraile in (Cork, in a dreary spot at the foot of the Ballyhoura hills, as fit a place for a pooka as could be conceived. This form is also found in the name of the great moat of Cloghpook, in Queen's County, the stone, or stone fortress of the pooka; and, according to O'Donovan, the name of Ploopluck, near Naas in Kildare, is a corruption—a very vile one indeed^—of the same name. The word siabhra (sheevra) is now very frequently employed to denote a faiiy, and we have found it used in this sense in the quotation at page 174 from the "History of the Cemetenes." This term appears m the names of several places; there is, for example, a townland called Drumsheaver, in the parish of Tedavnet, Monaghan, but which is written in several modern authorities, Drumshevery, the ridge of the sheevras; and they must have also haunted Glennasheevar, in the parish of Inishmacsaint, in Fermanagh. Nor is the •leprechaun forgotten — the merry spTite « VPhom muds at night, Oft met in the glen ihat's haunted," who will give you the tparan tcttlitige, tin inexhaustible fairy purse, if ytfu can omy manage to hold him s^U hound by ^uninterrupted gaze. This lively little fellow u know % several different names, such as luprachavn, luricane, lurngadane^ cluricane, luppercadane, bvgftryman, frc. The correct i and * Sea Crofton Grower's " Iri»hFdryLegen<l«, WBU* " Superstitions.' original .designation from which alf these iiave been corrupted, is lucfiorpcin, or as we find it in the MS., H. 2, l4 <col. 120), lucharhan, which signifies " an extremely little body;" from lu, " everything small" ^Cor. Gl., voce " luda ") and corpan, a diminutive of corp, a body, Latin corpus (see Stokes's Cor., GL, : P-1). • (.: . • In the townland; ofCreevagb, near Cong in Mayo, there is aicare called Mullenlupraghaun, ,the leprechauns' mill," where in former times the people teflt their casheens ofcorn at nightfall, and• found them full, of meal in the; morning? (Wilde'eLough Corrjb)—ground by the leprechauns. And it is certain that they must have long chosen, as favourite haunts, Knocknalooricaun (the hill of the lobricauiis), near Lismore, in Waterford, and Poulaluppercadaun (poui, a hole) near Killorglin, in Kerry. Every one knows that fairies are a merry race, and' that they enjoy immensely their midnight gambols; moreover j it would seem that 'they indulge in many Of the ordinary peasant pastimes. The fairy fort of Lisfarbegnagommaum stands in the townland of KnOcknagraigue East, four miles 'from Corrofin in Clare; andwhoever cautiouslyapproaehes it on a calm moonlight night, will probably see a spectacle worth remembering—the little inhabitants, in all their gloiy, playing at the game of coman, or hurley. Their favourite amusement is told clearly enough in the name Lios-fear-bcg-na- gcnman, the fort of the little hurlers. Sam Lover must have been well acquainted with their past times when he wrote his pretty song, " The fairies are dancing by break and by bower ;" and, indeed, he probably saw them himself, " lightly tripping o'er the green," in one of the many forts, where they indulge in their nightly revelry, and which are still called Lissarinka, the fort of the dancing. Readers of Crofton Croker will recollect the story of the rath of Knockgraffon, and how the little man, Lusmore, sitting down to rest himself near the fort, heard a strain of wild music from the inside. Knockgraffon is not the only " airy" place where the ceohidhe, or fairy music is heard ; in fact, this is a very common way of manifesting their presence; and accordingly certain ratbs in the south of Ireland are known by the name of Lissakeole, the fort of the music. Neilson (Irish Grain., page . 55) mentions a hill in the county _ of Down, called Knocknafeadalea, whistling hill, from the music of the fairies which was often heard to proceed from it; and the townland of Lisnafeddally (the fort of the whistling) took its name from a lis with the same reputation. The life of a fairy is not, however, all merriment. Sometimes the little people of two neighbouring forts quarrel, and "fight sanguinary battles. These encounters always take place by night: the human inhabitants are terrified by shrill screams and other indescribable noises; and in the morning the fields are strewn with drops of blood, little bones, and other relics of the fight. Certain forts in some of the northern counties, whose inhabitants are often engaged in warfare, have, from these conflicts, got the name of Lisnascragh. the fort of the screeching Very often when you pass a lonely fort on a dark night, you will be astonished to see a light shining from it; the fairies are then at some work of their own, and you will do well to pass on and not disturb them. From the frequency of this apparition, it has come to pass that many forts are called Lisnagannel and Lisnagunnell, the fort of the candles; and in some instances they have given names to townlands, as, for example, Lisnagonnell, in the county Down ; Lisiiageenly, in Tipperary; Lisgonnell, in Tyrone; and Liscunnell, in Mayo. We must not suppose that these fearful lights are always the creation of the peasant's imagination; no doubt they have been in many instances actually seen, afld we must attribute them to that curious phenomenon, ignis fahius, or Will-o'-the-wisp. The people will not listen to this, for they know well that all such apparitions are the work of the good people. Fairies are not the only supernatural beings let loose on the world by night; there are ;ho9ts, phantoms, and demons of various i ' 1 3 il — ^ m.nW n nlana taMfi ' the dreaded scenes nightly enacted there. The word dcalbh (dalliv) a shape or image, is often applied to a ghost. The townland of Killeennagallive, in the parish of Templebredon, Tipperary, took its name from an old churchyard, where the dead must have rested unquietly in their graves, for the name is a corruption (p. 54) of Cittin-na-ndealbh, the little church of the phantoms. So alsoDrumnanaliv, in Monaghan, and Clondallow, in King's County, the ridge and the meadow of the spectres. And in some of the central counties certain clusters of thorn bushes, which have the reputation of being haunted, are called by the name of Dullowbush {dullow, i .e.,deaM) i.e., the phantom bush. This is a hideous kind of hobgoblin, generally met with in churchyards, called , a dullaghanj who can take off and put his head on at will—in fact, you generally meet him with that member in his pocket, under his arm, or absent altogether; or if you have the fortone jo light on a number of them, yon may see them amusing themselves by flinging their heads at one another, or lacking them for footballs. BaUindollaghan, in the parish of Badick, Roscommon, must be a hornble place to lire in, if tbe dullaghan that gave U the name ever shows himself now to, the inhabitants. . , Every one knows that a ghost without a head is very- UBOALJ not only in Ireland, but all,over the world ; and a little lake in the paiish of Donagbtfwre in Donegal, four miles south ofStranorlar 3ie still called Lough Gillagaacan, the headless-man's lake, from having been haunted by one of these visitants. Rut I suppose it is only In Ireland you could meet with a ghost without a shirt. Several of these tasteless fellows, must have at some former period roamed nightly at large in some of the northern counties,' where there are certain small lakes,, which are .now called Lough Gillaganleny, the lake of the shirtless follow; one,, for instance, two miles east of the northern extremity of Lough Eask, near the town of Donegal; and another in the parish ofRossinver in Leitrim, five miles north-east from Manorhamilton. (To be continued.J 