SUNDAY READING-. Madame G-uyori and Bossuet. FEWmethodsof attainingknowledgeof general principl . axe at once so attractive and so offoctunl, as watching tl court o of a discussion between those who have compr hensivo knowledge of tho subj octa undor consideration and keen perception of their various aspects. To gai an insight into the principles of British law, win more agreeable .mode could be adopted than to listen i an argument on some important point between learne and eloquent advocates who, from their thoroug knowledge of the laws, aro {perfectly atronó as to tb principles upon which tho decision is to bo founded but who tako opposite viows of tho application of thos principles to the case before tho court ? And even religion controversy, when conducted with candour, and animate' by a dosiro for truth, and not for victory, may be i very effectual means of giving oloorer views of th great essentials of tho faith as to which thoso wh engogo in the discussion aro agreed. In the memoirs of Madame de laiMotho Guyon is ; record of a discussion which took place on the 301] January, 1694, between that lady and the celebrate! Bossuet, Bishop of Moaux. At tho request of th Bishop, Madame Guyon met him at the house of hi friend the Abbe Jannon, in the street Cassette, Paris Thoir conversation is a model of Christian courtesy am "calmness ; and turned, not on any of those ecclesistico questions which have unhappily been the occasion o arousing sectarian rancour, but solely on the means o attaining to a high degree of personal holiness andpeaoe Madame Guyon was ono of the foremost among womer of intellect and piety ; and Bossuet was the most dis tinguished of the theologians of Europe. Ho began th conversation thus : Bossuet: "Those doctrines which you advance Madame, involve the fact of an inward experiona above tho common experience of Christians, even o those who have a high reputation for piety." Madama Guyon: "I hope, Sir, it will not bi regarded os an offence, if I indulge tko hope and belie that a higher experience, even a muoh highor one, ii practicable than that which wo commonly see. " Bossuet: "Certainly not. But when we soe per Bons going so far as to speak of a love to God without any regard to. self, of the entire sanctification of thc heart, and of Divine union, have wo not reason to fem that there is some illusion ? We are told that there ii nono that doeth good, r.nd sinneth not." Madame Guyon: "There is no ono except th< Saviour, who has not sinned. There is no one who wil not bo always unworthy. Even when there is a h earl which Divine grace has corrected and has rendered entirely upright, there may still bo errors of perceptior and judgment, which will involve relatively wrong ant injurious doing, and render it necessary, therefore, to apply continually to the blood of Christ. Bui while I readily concede all this, I cannot forget that wc aro required to bo liko Christ ; and that the Savioui himself has laid on us tho injunotion to love God witt all our heart, and to be perfect as our Heavenly Fathei is perfect. My own experience has added strength tc my convictions." Bossuet: "Personal experience is an importan i teacher. And as you have thus made a reference t< what you have known experimentally, you will noi think it amiss, madame, if I ask whother you regare yourself as tho subject of this high religious state." Madame Guyon: "If you understand by a holj heart, one which is wholly consecrated and devoted tc God, I soe no reason why I should deny the grace ol God, which has wrought in me, as 1 think, this greal . salvation." Bossuet: "Tho Saviour, Madame, speaks in higl terms of the man who wont up to the temple, and smote upon his bosom, and said God be morciful to mi a sinner." Madame Guyon : "It is very true, Six1, that this mar was a sinner ; but it is also true that ho prayed thai God would be merciful to him; and God, who is t hearer of prayer, did not mook either his sorrows oi his petitions, but granted his request. If I may speab of myself, I think I may say, that I too have uttered tho same prayer ; I too have smitten upon my bosom in tho doop anguish of a robcllious and convicted spirit. I can never forget it. Months and years wit nessed the tears whioh I shed ; but deliverance came. My wounds were healed ; my tears were dried up ; and my soul was crowned, and I can say with thankfulness, is now crowned with purity and peace." Bossuöt : " Thero aro but few persons who can express themselves so strongly." Madame Guyon : " I regret that it is so ; and tho moro because it is an ovidenco of want of faith. Mon pray to God to be morciful, without believing that Ho is willing to be morciful ; thoy pray for deliverance from sin, and for full sanctification, without belioviug that provision is made for it ; and thus insult God in the vory prayer they offer. Can ono liko yoursolf, who h*»s studied the Scriptures so long and so profitably, doubt of the rich provisions of tho Gospel, and deny in tho long catalogue of Saints of tho Catholic Church, that any of them have been sanctified ?" Bossuet : " I am not disposed, Madame, to deny that the doctrino of sanctification, properly understood, is a doctrine of tho Catholic Church. I cannot forget tho rioh examples in a'St Francis de Sales, in a St. Theresa, and in the celebrated Catharines. But I cannot deny that\I am slow to admit tho existence of this great blessing in individual cases. Tho evidence should be very marked. It is not nieroly my object to criticise, but in part, at least, to obtain explanation, that I may . understand the subject more fully, and know, in tho situationin'whioh I am placed, what course it is proper to take. You will excuso mo, therefore, for asking what you mean by being in the stato which is variously denominated the state ^of holiness, of pure love, and of Christian perfection ? " Madame Guyon : "This question might bo answered in various ways. But as some ot thoso terms, in their application tohumau nature, are in some degreo odious, and at least liable to be misunderstood, I will say horo, that I understand much the same thing as by being in tho stato of entire self- renunciation. 4Ho who is . NOTHING, lost to himself, dead to his own wisdom and strenth, and, in tho renouncement of his own lifo, lives in God's life, may properly be called a holy man j and in a mitigated sense of the terni may perhaps be called a porieot man. Truo lowliness of spirit, accompanied by such faith in God as will supply the nothingness of tho creature from the Divino fulness, involves tho leading idea of what, in experimental writers, is denominated Christian perfection. Perhaps some other name woiüd express it as woll." Bossuot : "I find in your works modes of expression whioh strike mo as peculiar. I find, in expression at least, what strikes mo as very peculiar, that you make God identical with events. You say that to tho sancti fied soul everything which exists, with tho exception of sin, is God." Madame Guyon : "It scorns to mo proper to observe, in tho first placo, that tho doctrinos of sanctification aro sometimes erroneously or imperfectly represented in consequonco of tho imperfection of language. As they aro tho doctrines of a lifo almost unknown to tho world, it is natural that they should havo no adequate terms and phrases ; so that we express our selves awkwardly and with difficulty. Is it unreason able, under such circumstances, to ask tho favour of tk candid and charitable interpretation?" Bossuet-' "I admit, madame, tho existence of 1 difficulty to which you refer, and think it should considered." Madame Guyon: "With this concession onyour poi I proceed to admit on mino that tho assertion, tab just,a3 it stands-namely, that overy event is God no fc true, oven when mado with the excoption of thi things. which aro sinful. But I still affirm, that i oxprossion has a definito and important meaning to i truly sanctified soul. Such a soul, in a manner a degreo whieh ordinary Christians do not well und» stand, recognizes the fact that God sustains a defin relation to ovnvything whioh takes place. God is events ; and if Ho is the centre and controller of t universo, Ho cannot bo out of thom. Tho sanctifi soul not only recognizes tho relation of God to evoni but foels it- that is, it is brought into a practical ai realized communion with God through them. Y< will find this form of expression in tho writings Catharine of Genoa." Bossuet: "You sometimes describe what you oonsidf the highest state of religious experience as a state < passivity ; and at other times as passively aotivo. _ confess, madame, that I am afraid of expressions whii I clo not fully understand, and*whioh have tho appea ance of being somewhat at variance with man's mor agency and accountability." Madame Groyon : " I am not surprised, Sir, at yoi reference to these expressions, and still I hardly kno what other expressions to employ. I will endeavour ? explain. In the carly periods of man's religious expet ence, he is in .what may be oalled a mixed life ; som times acting from God, but more frequently, until 1 has made considerable advancement, acting fro himself. His inward movement, until it becom corrected by Divine grace, is self-originated, and characterised by that perversion which belongs 1 everything coming from that source. But, when tho sou in tho possession of pure or perfect love, is full converted, and everything is subordinated to God, the its s tato is always either passive or passively active. Bi I am willing to concede, what will perhaps moot yot objection, that there are some reasons for proferrin tho term 'passively active,' because the sanctifie soul, although it no longer has a will of its own, i never strictly inert. Under all circumstances, andi all cases, there is really a distinct act on the part c tho soul, namely, an act of co-operation with God áitkough in some cases it is a simple co-operation wit what now is, and constitutes tho roligious state c submissive acquiescense and patience, while in others j is a co-operation with reference to what ia to be, an implies futuro results, and consequently is in a state c movement andjperformance." Bossnet: I think, madame, I understand you There is a distinction, undoubtedly, in the two classe of cases just mentioned ; but, as tho term ' passivel active' will apply to both of them, I think it is to b prefofrod. You use |thÍ3 complex torm, I suppose bocausa thoro aro two distinct acts or operations to b expressed, namely, tho aot of preparatory or prevonien grace on tho part of God, and the co-operative act o; tho part of tho creature, tho soul hoing passive o merely receptive in the former ; and active, thoug] always in accordance with tho Divine leading in th other." Madame Guyon: "That is what I mean, sir, and; feel obliged to you for tho explanation." * .* * * * * , * Bossuot : "I hope, Madame, that I havo experience something of the grace of God; but I am free t acknowledge that I have not arrived at what you am other writers who sympathise with your views, call th, fixed state. It is possible that any one should believe that Christians, however devoted they may bo, wil arrive at a state in the present life, where there an no vicissitudes, and perpetual sunshine ?" Madame Guyon : "In this form of expression, ant others like it, it is not meant, that the sanctified sou is not characterized in its experience by any vicissi tudes whatever. But still, when the soul has experi enced this great graco, the mind is comparatively a' rest. Is a fixed state les3 desirable than an unfixec state? Is there anything to be especially commended ii tho changes, tho alterations of energy and weakness, o: faith and unbelief, which characterize ordinary Christians ? All that is meant is a stato established, comparatively firm, based more upon principio thai upon feeling, and that livesjmore by faith than emotion. Those who live by faith, who seo God equally in tht storm and tho sunshine, and rejoico equally in both, know what I moan ; while those who do not, oan hardlj fail to be perplexed." Bossuet : " I will now mention ono thing, which seems to me worthy of especial notice. Those whe arrive at the highest religious stato aro so far above the common wants, or rathor supposo themselves to be so, as not to recognize and urge them in acts of supplica tion. But the Scriptures oommand us to pray always, to pray without ceasing. The language of tho Saviom is, 'Ask ami ye shall receivo; seek, and ye Bhall find : knock, and it shall bo opened unto you." It seems very clear that prayor is a thing not only of perpetual command, but of perpetual obligation." Madame .Guyon : I am pleased, sir, that you have introduced this subject. So far from tho truth is it, that persons who havo experienced the blessing of pure or porfect love cease to pray, that it is much nearer tho truth to say\that they pray always. Certain it is that tho prayer is always in their hearts, although it may not always bo spoken. We sometimes call this state of mind the prayor of silenco. It is, perhaps, a prayer too deep for words ; but it is not on that account to be regarded as no prayor. Do you state your diffi culty precisely as you wish to havo it understood ?" Bossuot : " It is not easy for mo to understand what prayer is, unless it bo specific. And in order to givo my difficulty a precise shape, I will say, that the system of present sanctification, or puro love, seems to exclude specific requests." Madame Guyon: "And supposing it to bo so, which is not tho case, is that state of mind to bo thought lightly of, whioh does not ask for particular things ? Whieh says to the Lord continually, I clo not ask for this or that,|I have no desire or petition for anything in j particular, but desire and choose for myself only what God closires and chooses ? I admit that this, in,goneral, i is the stato of mind in those who havo experienced tho ' blessings of a perfectly renovated lifo. Their stato of mind is one of praise, rathor than of petition. They have asked, and have received. If, at a given timo, they ask for nothing in particular, it is becauso thoy aro full now. Porsons in this stato of mind cannot easily soparate, God's will from what now is. What God gives them now, He wills to givo them now ; and in that will, which always excludes sin, but often permits temptation aud suffering, they are satisfied, they rest. They experience in them selves the fulfilment of those blessed directions of tho Saviour, which nono but a holy heart can fully receivo and apnrcciato :-' Wherefore tako no thought, saying, what shall we eat ? or, what shall wo drink ? or where withal Bhall wo be clothed} (for all theso things do tho Contilos scok) ? for your heavenly Father knoweth that you havo need of nil these things. But seok yo first tho Kingdom of God and his righteous ness ; and all theso things shall bo added uuto you. Tako, thorofore, no thought for the morrow ; for tho morrow shall take thought for the things of itself.' In theso words thoro is, to my mind, a Divino moaning, such us tho world doos not understand. Tako my own situation ; my wanta aro already supplied, richly, abundantly, and running over. What can I ask fur whon my soul rests in God, and is filled with the fulness of God ; and when Ho loaves mo neither time nor strength for anything but to rocoivo His favours and to bless Him?" * * * * # Bossuot: " You_ will notice that it is not so muon my object to criticize your'explanations, as to receive thom ; and where I do not regard thom as entirely satisfactory, to malro thom tho subject of future meditation.- I proceed then to say that tho state of mind which you advocate is supposed to lead to iuaotion." Madame Guyon : " I do not readily soe, sir, how such a statement could apply to myself, who have hardly known, whatever may bo true state of my mind, what it is to rest outwardly and physically." Bossuot : " I think, Madame, it will not ; but such an impression could hardly arise without somo founda tion for it. And I should bo glad to hear what can bo said of an idea which is certainly an unfavourable one." Madame Guyon: "Tho foundation, sir, of this idea is in the fact, I suppose, that tho truly holy soul ceases from all action which hos its origin in merely human impulse. It is tho characteristic of souls which . aro in this state that they move as they are moved upon by the Holy Ghost: 'As many'as are led by tho Spirt of God, they are the sons of God.' They move, therefore, in God's order; neither falling behind by indolence, nor precipitated by impetuosity. They move in God's Spirit, because thoy are sustained by faith ; benevolent, just, immutable in their pur pose, so far as immutability can be predicated of any thing that is human, but always without violence. Such sometimes appear inactive, because their action is without noise. But they are God's workmen, tho true builders in His great and sileritly-risiug temple ; and they leave an impression which, although it is not always marked and observable at the timo, is doep, operative, and enduring. In this respect at least, I think we may say that they aro formed in the Divine likeness. God is the great Operator of the Universe ; but what He does is generally dono in silence. Tho true kingdom of God comes 'without observation.'" I ". ii, » 