WAR ITEMS. THE FRENCH PRISONERS AT MAYENCE. Letter of the Rev. Father Strub, of the congregation of the Holy Ghost, and of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, Chaplain to the French prisoners at Mayence, to the Superior-General of the same congregation. " Mayence, December 12, 1870. " Very Rev. and Dear Father — My first duty is to ask your pardon for my long silence, although you will, I am sure, excuse me, when you learn how overburdened I have been with duties. At first I had the sole charge of all the French prisoners at Mayence, but since then I have received from time to time the assistance of other priests, so that at the present moment there are seven of us, who discharge the duties of the sacred' ministry among our poor pri soners ; that is to say, two Jesuit Fathers, a Lazarist Father, two Augus- tinian Fathers, M. 1'Abbe Daity, of the diocese of Strasbure:, and vour humble servant, to whom has been confided the management of the whole. Only three of us, however, are officially i-ecognized at the Ministry of "War at Berlin; the oth :rs are here from motives of devo tion. " We have all a great deal to do, and it is impossible for us to do all the work; for to organize and regulate religious services for 27,000 men is no easy matter ; especially when they are in separate barracks and sheds. About 8,000 are in fortresses outside Mayence. In addition to the 27,000 already men tioned, we have about 6,000 in other towns of the diocese, for whose wants I am also endeavouring to provide ; for this purpose I have already twte French priests, who reside fox the meanwhile at Darmstadt. " At the present moment we have 1,500 sick, of whom from eight to ten die daily. Of these 180 have the small pox. Madame la Mai'echale MacMahon accompanied me yesterday on a visit to the sick pxisoneis ; to-morrow she will return to visit, in like manner, the camp and the barracks. Marshal MacMahon is better. He is at present at Wies baden, where I ought to go and see him during the course of the week. The French officers at Wiesbaden .are also desirous that I should procuxe a French sermon for them from time to- time. Last week I preached at Darm stadt. "Here at Mayence the religious services are well organized. On Sun days the French prisoners are conducted to five parish, churches in the city, for Holy Mass and sermon. "We have also Holy Mass in the lazarettos. More than this, we have Mass, with French sermon, every Tuesday and Thursday in one of the largest churches of Maj'ence. All the French prisoners can find means to approach the Sacraments. We have per mission to take every day two companies to the Church of the Great Seminary, and every evening about 100 soldiers come to confession, returning the next day for Holy Coram union. An instruc- tion is then given by one of the priests, and a small prayer-book is handed to each communicant as a souvenir of his communiun at Mayence. " Every day we have remarkable conversions, almost every day first com munions. I am also about to organize a confirmation on a large scale in a few weeks' time. "I have often occasion to see Prince von Holstein, Military Governor of Mayence. He always receives me with much kindness, and he has never refused me anything. Mgr. von Ket- teler and the clergy of the town are most considerate towards us. Last Thursday, the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, in obedience to a pressing invitation of the Superior, Dr. Moufang, I preached to the students of the Great Seminary. I chose for my subject the missions of Africa. " I am now receiving help from diffe rent Committees ; from Basle, Lille, Brussels, &c.; I have already received more than 20,000 francs. Last week I distributed at least 3,000 pairs of stockings to the poor prisoners. You see that we are able at least in some poor little way to soften down the bodily sufferings of our prisoners, while engaged in providing for the salvation of their souls. " When I first came here, I had no idea that the war would last more than a fortnight, yet two months have passed and I am still here, nor do I know when I shall be- able to return to my com- munity. " Amongst these 27,000 prisoners r are some from every part of France, of eveiy colour, and of every kind of trpops. Only imagine, I have found here a former altar-boy of Pere Lossedat, from Goree (Senegal), John Baptist Lye. He is now a sergeant in the infantry of the marine. He recognized me himself the first time I preached in the open air at the camp. The whole of the Garde Mobile of Alsace has been here for six weeks. Lately some of them have been sent to Mulhausen in Saxony. A great number of Cures in Alsace are in correspondence with me with regard to their imprisoned parishioners. " Before ending, I must ask your blessing for our poor prisoners, and for your own poor child, " Strub, Aumonier-en-Chef." 