PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. TUESDAY, Anonsr 8. . In the Legislative Council, , ^ ^ %r Mr. W. A. C. A'BECKETT explained that Mr. Pettett's absence from the Council was occasioned by ill health. THE MINING BILL. Dr. DOBSOX gave notice that on the next day 61 meeting he would ask the hon. gentleman representing the Government whether they were aware that a document purporting to he a copy of the new Mining Bill introduced by the hon. the Attorney-General was published in a Baiiarat newspaper last week ; if such document was a copy, and if so, are the Government in pos-ession of the information how the newspaper got possession of it before it was distributed amongst hon. members. The Council then adjourned until Tuesday next. In the Legislative Assembly, After some unimportant questions and notices of motion, the House resolved itself into com- mittee on the IMPORT AND EXPORT DUTIES. . On the first question before the chair, the raising the duty on acetic acid from 3d. to 6d. per pint or lb., Mr. FRANCIS said he intended to address himself to the whole policy of the tariff. Mr. DUFFY asked the committee to consider before they entered upon an irregular course. He would point out that it was not competent for any member of the committee to raise the general question on any item. At the same time he admitted that the hon. member for Richmond might have special claims on the consideration of the committee. And if the committee had no objection to offer, he would waive his. Sir JAMES M'OUI.LOCE failed to see that there was any cause for objection, and claimed that another attempt was being made to shut the hon. member for Richmond out of the discustiioii. Mr, DCFFV thought it would consort better •with the hon. member's position both in the House and the country if he would deal fairly with his opponents. He knew that no attempt had been made to keep the hon. member for Richmond from speaking, and also that if he had choBen he might have addressed himself to the general question after the first speech of the hon. member for West Melbourne. • Mr. FRANCIS proceeded to justify his position % the past acts of the committee, and by previous utterances of the Chief. Secretary, and then passed on, iu a speech of nearly two hours' duration, to discuss various items of the tariff propositions. Mr. BERRY said he should not at that stage enter into a discussion of all the matters touched on by the hon. member who had just eat down. He would merely state that the hon. gentle- .'inau's remarks relative"to the intercolonial trade came with rather a bad grace from him, after he himself having attempted to raise duties to 12J per cent. He should also refrain from stating his opinions on the hon. gentleman's remarks relative to particular items till such items duly came on for discussion. With regard to acetic acid, a Cd. duty would be too high in comparison with the vinegar duty. It would also interfere injuriously with the pickle-manulacturing and other industries in which acetic ^acid Was used. " 'Mr. PATERSON complained, as a free-trader, of the disorganised state of the free-trade party. Be could find, be said, no regular leaders on that question. The leaders of the party sat all over the House. There was no harmony or cohesion among them, and they were all inconsistent »»d expressed different views on the same question. They spoke as if they were masters of the situation, instead of being as they were, utterly powerless. Instead of trying to make the best terms they could with their opponents, 4&ey; "screamed and ranted as if they were comppting among themselves who. should say the most disagreeable things. Bat for the future he should endeavour so to act as to bring about as .speedily as possible an end to these tariff disputes. .' Mr. GILLIES said the hon. member who had ' just sat down had always been a good free 1 trader till he got iuto the House. When elected, however, instead of acting with his party, or (allowing himself an opportunity of judging -whether the leaders were capable of leading it or .not, he at once took up a very different posi- . tiou in the House to that ou which the free- , traders sat. Ou being asked why he sat where he did on first taking his seat, the hon. member .replied that by sitting there he should have a chanoe of getting one or two favonrs from the then Government for his district. (Laughter.) It was the way in which some of their friends had acted that had sometimes caused an appearance o£ disunion among the free-traders in the House.. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said if anything had been wanting to show the disorganisation of :tbe free-trade party, it had just been supplied. If ' that party would support theiaoderate Protec- ,±ioaist3 they would probably do more good for themselves in the future than they, had done in the past. (Laughter.) With regard to the •item under discussion, he might say that he was desirous of keeping as closely as possible .in their tariff; consistently with raising the necessary revenue, to the duties imposed in the .other-colonies. XHiUtZC CUUIUTW), In UJ the »UO neighbouring UD^UUUWUIK colonies— WIVUWW in New South.'Wales—there was only charged a duty of' 6<L a gaUon on all acids. He did not therefore feel justified in fixing the duty on acetic acid here as high as 6a. a pint at all vents. Mr. LANGTON observed, with reference to Mr. Patterson's remarks, that when that hon. mem- -ber was elected he asked ium (Mr. Langton) to introduce him. .He found, however, that the •hon. member had also asked the then Minister of Mines (Mr. Maokay) to introduce him. Being unable to make out what party or what views -the hon. member intended to support, he -declined to have anything to do with him. (Laughter.) After a little further., discussion the,duty of 3d., as proposed by the' Government, was put, nd carried on a division by ©1'to 20; '. . The duty of 2s. 6d. each on doors was passed. Mr. FRANCIS moved that the. duty of 2s. a pair on window sashes be reduced to Is. Negatived without a division ' s proposed. , Mr. GERRY moved the duty of 3s. a gallon on wine. MR.^CUNNINGHAM moved, as an amendment, that the duty be 5s. a gallon. Mr. BERRY'sonly objection to the alteration was that it would put about £12,000 into the pockets f speculators. Otherwise he would have proposed the 6s. duty. But this objection weighed so strongly with him that he would oppose the amendment. The amendment was brought forward in the vigneron interest, which he desired to promote in every way he could ; and, when the right time came, be would make a proposition to afford the vignerons better facilities for distilling. This, he believed, would be even more acceptable to them than an increased duty. Mr. CUNNINGHAM withdrew his amendment in order to propose that the duty should be altered to 4s. for ordinary wines, and 6s. for parkling wines. On division, the Government proposition was earned by 41 votes to 28. On the motion of Mr. BERRY the items corn ags and sacks, Is. per dozen ; gunny sacks and other bags or mats not specially enumerated, 6d. per dozen ; and woolpacks or bags 3s. per dozen, were struck out. The item cement, Gd. per cwt., was carried. On the item of green fruit, 9d. perbu6hel, Mr. LEVIEN proposed that the duty should be raised to Is. per bushel. After some discussion the Government proposal was agreed to. The item onions, 20s. per ton, was ageed to, after division, by 47 votes to 20. The item potatoes, 10s. per ton, was agreed to. The next question was grain and pulse of every kind, not otherwise enumerated, Is. per 100 lb. Mr. HANNA moved that Is. b3 struck out, with the view of inserting 3d. Mr. BURTT supported the amendment. Mr. LONGMORE pointed out that the duty proposed by the Government would be an incentive to people to settle on the land, knowing that they would not be harassed by unfair competition. Mr. BENT suggested that whole maize should be exempted from taxation. Mr. BERRY pointed out that if maize were left free it would come into undue competition with articles of production. Mr. LANGTON supported Mr. Hanna's amendment. The amendment was negatived, and the duty carried as proposed. Mr. HANNA moved that the duty of Is. 6d. per 100 lb. on flour, and prepared, ground, or in any way manufactured grain, be increased to 2s. Mr. FRANCIS and Mr. BURTT supported the amendment. Mr. VALE pointed out that it would not have he effect of raising the price of flour, but it would only oause the grain to be imported whole, 'and so benefit Victorian millers, Mr. BERRY accepted the amendment, which was carried. The duty of 30s. per ton on galvanised iron was carried. The next duty proposed was 20s. per ton on iron wire, Nos. I to 11. Mr. BERRY accented a suggestion to exclude brigH wire, and with this alteration the duty was. passed. Mr. BERRY said he wished to place nails and screws under tbe ten per cent, duties. With this view, he had the item postponed. He would submit to the House, on the following day, a list showing all the ironwork coming uniler the ten per cent. duty. GrL per gallon on oils in bulk was proposed. Mr. CLARKE moved a reduction to 4cL In reply to Mr. COHEN, Mr. BERRY said he was aware of inconsistencies in the list of exemptions. When the House reached them he would have an amended list to submit. Mr. VALE pointed out that the wealthier classes would pay no portion of the tax on oil, as gas was used both in their private houses and business establishments.. He wished to see the duty reduced to 3d., the old figure, and he recommended that its consideration should be postponed. Mr. CLARKE substituted 3<L for 4d. in his in his motion. Mr. MACKAY said it would spoil the symmetry of the tariff, in its universal taxation of the poorer classes, to lower the tax on oiL Mr. WITT remarked that olive oil and linseed oil could be manufactured in this colony, and the duty would prove protective in these cases. The amendment was negatived without a division, and the duty carried as proposed. The following duties were then passed: — Paints, 40s. per ton; paper, 3s. per cwt.; paper bags, 10s. per cwt. The duty of 20s. per 1000 slates was postponed, as was also sugar and molasses, 3s. per cwt. The timber duties were passed without alteration. The next proposed was 5s. per cwt. on sulphuric, muriatic, and nitric acid. A little conversation took place over the item, but it was passed. : Next came 6d. per dozen on glass bottles containing a reputed quart, or any lesser quantity, of spirits, wine, ale, porter, or beer. In reply to a question, Mr. BERRY said that the duty was imposed tot fiscal purposes, but would, of course, be favourable to the bottling trade. The duty 'was' agreed to, and progress wen repotted. AtoJOtTRKMSNT. ^Tfce House adjourned, at a quarter to 01% until half-past four p.m. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9. . , In the Legislative Assembly, , „ L.~ . * The report of the Volunteer Land Certincate Board was laid upon the table. Mr. GRANT promised to place the .selectors under the 49th section of the Land Act 1809, as nearly as possible in the same position as selectors under the 3lst section- The CHIEF SECRETARY promised to set apart aa early day to enable Mr. Casey to introduce his Permissive Bill. . -: .. Mr. DUFFY asked Mr. Francis to state specifically the words used by him disparaging to the late Chief Secretary himself. Mr. FRANCIS went on to state that the Chief Secretary at Kyneton, and the Treasurer at Geelone, had in effect cha reed Sir James M'Cullooh himself with a gross dereliction of duty. Mr. DUFFY handed up a copy of his Kyneton speech, Mid requested the exact words. . Mr. FRANCIS promised to refer to the matter more fully when considering the budget. On the House going into committee on the import and export duties, . . Mr. BERRY stated that previous to going on with the 20 per cent, ad valorem, duties, he desired to inform the House that the principle which he had in view in the tariff was to admit the raw material free-that which had soma labour expended on it, but which would require more before it was fit for use, and which he would call progressive manufactures, at 10 per cent and the complete manufactures, or those articles which were fit for use, without having further labour expended on them at 20 per cent. He was anxious to secure the assistance of the House in carrying out this principle, and would be glad to receive suggestions to this end from hon. members. From the experience which he had gained during the past ten or fourteen days, he would move that some of the articles at present set down among the 20 per cents, be added to the progressive manufactures at 10 per cent., and that he would place stationery account books among the articles bearing 20 per cent. _ Mr. LANGTON wished to know how the Government intended to protect the revenue from persons sending 20 per cent, goods across the Murrav in bond, paying the 5 per cent, duty on them there, and bringing them back again to Victoria, thus defrauding Jthe revenue to the extent of 15 per cent. Mr. BBRHY did not think this would be done ; but if it were attempted on any extensive scale the Government would take steps to checkmate it by not sending goods in bond. He believed the matter was merely a ghost raised by the hon. member for West Melbourne. Mr. LANGTON was of opinion that the Government could not but send goods in bond, it being one of the conditions of the border customs treaty. He thought the Treasurer had not given the matter attention. Mr. VALE was of opinion that the merchants would not be deterred from defrauding the revenue by any conscientious motiye; but he thought that their pockets would prevent them adopting the course indicated by Mr. Langton, He believed with the Treasurer it was simply a bogie raised by the free-trade party through their mouthpiece in the House, and that it was the intention of that party to renew the freetrade struggle on every article in the lot of 20 per cents. He said if necessary the Government would be justified in putting an end to the border customs treaty. Sir JAMES MCCULLOCH was astonished at the remarks of the last speaker. The next thing would be repudiation of debts lawfully due- He would oppose any duty over ten per cent. After some remarks and explanations from several hon. members— Mr. BERRY produced a copy of the treaty and pointed out that there was nothing in it compelling the Government to send goods in bond to Echuca. He charged Mr. Langton with having misled the House for the purpose of wasting time. He further stated that the treaty had at most but six months to run. Mr. DDTFY pointed out that in every treaty means were provided whereby the contracting parties or any of them could terminate it by incurring the penalties. There was no reason if it were found necessary why this should not be done in the present instance. On the first item of the 20 per cent, duties being proposed, Mr. Francis asked that their consideration be postponed until a committee of practical men had recommended whether ad valorem duties or duties by measurement should be adopted. Mr. DOFPY said that the Government were not opposed to the collection of duties by measurement, but that the tariff should be passed before any steps were taken in the matter. He' would then appoint a select committee of the House or a board of practical men to deal with the question. After a few remarks from Messrs. FELLOWS, L. L. SMITH, G. V. SMITH, STEPHEN, VALE, COHEN, BCTRKOWES, and PATTERSON, Mr. COHEN read a petition from merchants against the ad valorem duties. The first item was then put—brushware and wickerwsre, 20 per cent. Carried. Mr. HARKER moved a reduction to 10 per cent, on boots and shoes.. The motion was carried in favour of the 20 per cent, duty by a majority of 42 to 26. Apparel and slops, and all articles made up wholly or in part from silk, cotton, linen, of wool, or of other or of mixed materials, woollen blanketa or bknketting, rugs and rugging, tents and tarpaulins, marble and stone, wrought. Passed. Manufactures of iron, steel, copper, tin, lead, zinc, brass, or other or mixed metals, including agricultural implements, machinery, boilers, iron castings. , . , MR. FELLOWS moved that agricultural implements be struck out Lost on a division of 40 to 25. Saddles and harness, leatherware, or articles made up of leather, or any manufacture of which leather is the most valuable part, including whips of any description, and trunks and portmanteaus, jewellery, musical instruments, including pianoforte aotious, made m. .. cap., bonnets, furniture, earthenW^l.K and parasols, oilmen's stores, jffl S ? ^ or jars not exceeding one reputed rmJ?-^1* bilking, furniture oil a n T p i ^ i and charcoaVwoodenware, W d i K and picture fames, turnery (ahanedo? staves and casks and finisLd timbor ^ ) . wise enumerated; fuze, cun <-<ifi™ tlleN material used for eiplodiafpurpo^ ' Wise enumerated;, fireworks aSdSrri°- 0tll8t - carts; manufactured stationery i ac]n aal couns books, printed cheques, bill 3 other printed or ruled paper, not* 4111 paper, blotting pads, sLLfc' C t l ' f r writers, albums, and all kinds o f S r^0' 1 and writing cases. 20 per cent. XT* 81^ Silks, and all manufactures cont&S; k, hosiery and gloves, oils, including TU liver, when refined or for medical quarts or less ; matting, coeoanut or otw ,U t or other floor cloths ; oilmen's stores rmtA wise enumerated; aerated or mineral » , watches and clocks, fancy goods nerf 9^ combs, toys, clfinaware, porcelai'N,BUTS glassware, carpeting and drafting, mixed metal ware, matches and vesta n hangings, drugs, gold and silver l-PS tinfoil, cordage, rope, and twine ; material f» toilet covers, antimacassars, curtains, haJu! chiefs, and materials cut out, defined 2 or in any way prepared for making up'- Wu 1 lOpercent. Passed- The House then a d ® THURSDAY, AUGUST 10TH. In the Legislative Assembly, In reply to questions by hon. members itw, elicited:—That the preliminary work ofSUN veying the city of Melbourne, with a view t» future sewerage works, was rendered mandator!, on the Government by the Public Woifa Statute, but there was no authority for sncla survey of Geelong ; no money could be spent ou sewerage works without the assent of p/rfja. meat. That no orders had been sent home for pipes for the Water Supply department • circulars had, however, been sent to colonial ironfounders, asking whether pipes could be cast here, 4nd at what advance on English, prices. That there was no objection temporarily to reserve a strip of land 13 chains wide along the proposed course of the North-western Caaal. That telegraphic communications between Sandhurst and Eaglehawk would be established within one month after Parliament had voted the necessary funds. That lessees] uader the 12th Bection of the Amending Land Act of 1865 could obtain their Crown grants upon obtaining certificates of improvement, surrendering their leases, and paying the difference between the amount already paid and £1 per acre; andtl in the opinion of the chief inspector of sc pleuropneumonia was so prevalent amon cattle in the colony that the state could ap] no remedy—inoculation, however, was said be a preventive. The House went into committee on th Fencing Bill, and after some time spent in con sidering it, progress was reported. The House then went into committee on mport and export duties. The duties on sfa was fixed on all sizes up to 18 x 10 »t las. 1,000, and all larger sizes at 25s. per 1,000. Mr. BERRY, on the item of 10 per cent. 0 woollen goods, said he proposed to exempt certain number of items which there *as no probability of being manufactured here for years to cotne, and to make up for the loss of revenue by an increased rate upon sngar. In reply to Mr. Vale, the TREASURERBIU that an increased duty of Is. per cwt onsugtt would about make up for the loss of revenae t which he had referred. In reply to Mr. Langton, Mr. BERRY ! estimated the duty on woollen goods as brought down at £50,000, and that by the p" posed exemptions he would lose £25,000. After a lengthened discussion, 10 per 1 was placed on woollen piece goods, with exception of certain items mentioned bv Treasurer; and, in consequence of the al' , opinions expressed by hon. members the id«» increasing the duty on sugar and molasses given up;and the old rate of 3s. per cwt. affirmed. , . , A motion by Mr. CASEV to e« m P' ,. machinery and mining tools was negative! oy majority of 37 to 16. , The fist of exemptions was then anew progress was reported, and the House aSjom CROWN LANDS SALE.^TSTDTO^ took place on Monday at Messrs. P. OW». Co.'s rooms, Collins street wA » •catalogued included town loteat the cora« King and Dudley streets, North Memo" suburban lots on the Saltwater Rver. B brook, and country lots m the sssirsrasasgs tfAttssgSs nosed of for very topnoes. Theeotw L the parishes of Bulla Bu|la, YmJM^. ganina were withdrawn jpnor to ttte w ment of the sale. The total wnouftt« was £1,598 3s. 6<L mmnS. A«rU SHOW OT DRMTOf show came off on Wednesday, through wWchtheho^p^^ t, with spectators There wM»« ^ of animals, both imported «?dcoi° Immediately alter the show,tt»«w ^ menced by M ^ M'CuUoch^ 0 Co. MertyBobwtt w,4^,ff orl700i of Murray Downs, Siw for Douglas was eold to Mr. Thetollowing were P ^ ' J L , rally attached to each n w e - W ^ I Count Bismarcic, jaw, y— T&nng; Prince * W«I%. £260i sold to Mr. Tamer for tw. . 