There is a shadow growing over colonial life which must be dispelled, and speedily, or worse will come of it. One cannot take up a newspaper published in any part of the colony without heing puzzled, as well as shocked at the continued increase of the crimes committed by detestable ruffians against women and children, and by the number of smaller offences which fall to the charge of impudent boys who are, for some occult reason, desi gnated law ikins. In Bal- larat, especially, do we find these offences perpetually committed. At the Court of General Sessions, held atBallarat on Thurs day last, as many as five informations were exhibited against men for the first-named class of offence, while we are sorry to hear of repeated complaints against boys nearer home. At Maryborough, for instance, the stupid notion of a "ghost at the reservoir" has merged into the dressing up of saplings in white, to excite the fears of the. timid, and, in one instance, causing a gentleman to be violently 'thrown from his horse during the past week. Of late days considerable anxiety has invested the minds o many, as to what will be the social destination of the numerous children we see fast growing up to be men and women ; and that anxiety is in no degree lessened by the knowledge that the young brains are fertile in project and prompt and daring in execution. We ad mire quickness of apprehension in the youth ful intellect, when the tendency is not mis chievous, but if it be soffit the least degree, a check should be applied with all speed and power. Next to the home example, the great and effectual remedy against, this pro bable evil is to be found in education of' the Proper order. A boy or girl of moderate intellect may soon be taught hjT careful and kind treatment to possess that feeling of self- respect which leads directly away from the paths of mischief and vulgarity, and causes i the intuitive shunning of meanness and -practical joking — the curse of many evils distinct from boyhood. It may be thought that the subject is too trivial to remark upon I in these busy times. It is not so, and the importance of it is impossible of exaggera tion upon ever so little serious thought. In the Chief Secretary's speech at Mornino-ton " 1 O , we find abundant evidence of the care he has taken to thffik through this subject, as well as the anxiety he evidently possesses regarding it, We mean the subject as in volving as well the suppression of growing ruffianism as the proper teaching of our children. A well informed contemporary — the Telegraph— -sensibly writes, with refer ence to Sir James MoCulloch's speech the following sentences pertinent to this dupli cate subject : — " A more pregnant or oppor tune commentary on that part of the Chief; -Secretary's speech; which- was specially devoted to this particular topic, could scarcely have been afforded, while it is some satisfaction for him to see that he has not invested the subject with a bit more impor tance than it deserves. The tendency has been in our political agitations to suboidi- nate matters of social interest to the disous- sion of speculative questions, which after all have not such an iqimediate effect on the welfare of the communitjL" But it is not only in oxir political agitations that the Jndifference — we don't like to call it neglect — is to be observed. Working men in their various avocations have nearly all their day light time absorbed away from borne, and in this time, too, mothers of families are engaged in the cheerful exercise of their household duties, and the prolific matrons of this country vary these duties by new and increasing cares for its population. It can not, and must not, however, he controverted that at all times the provisions made for the education of those old enough to go to school and learn should be taken every advantage of. Uften has the eye been shocked and the mind led to pity by seeing the dingy occupants huddled together in the dry arches of the London bridges, the active impudence of the Melbourne houseless boys, who are really worse than the gamins of Paris, is far more deplorable. The sketch of the wretched " Tom-all- alone" of Mr. Dickens's " Bleak House," who said " that was the only name of his as he knew on," is all too truthful. It should be distinctly remembered that more — much more — can be done for the social status of Australian youth than has hitherto been attempted, and everybody should understand this not as a mere truism but as a vital principle. We are to have a Minister of Education, who may, we trust, inaugurate such a system as will make the imparting of instruction com pulsory in its highest but firmest form. Let- us hope so. It will be seen that decisive steps have been taken by the Shire Council towards the erection of a new bridge over the Avoca river in the place of that des troyed by the floods of last winter.. While the summer lasts it is easy enough, to cross, but should rains set in, the inconvenience to the public and hindrance to traffic will be severely felt. The plans prepared by the Shire Surveyor, as laid before the Council on Thursday, are most skilfully drawn and the working details are most elaborate. There having been no meeting of justices to appoint a Licensing Bench for the Avoca District, the alternative given by by the Wines, Beer and Spirits Sales Statute has to be adopted, and the Governor in Council will be applied to to nominate a bench of whom the resident stipendiary magistrate must be one- Although the members of our new cricket club have enrolled themselves they failed to attend the meetings on Wednesday or Thursday evenings, convened for the formation of rules and the inaugu ration of the Club in a business-like shape. The excessive heat of the afternoon and evening may have caused lassitude to take the place of interest. Some first rate Dew bats have been received from the cricketing depot of Mrs G. Marshall of Mel bourne. Considerable interest was manifested at the Avoca Police Court on Wednesday last, on the hearing of the case of arson preferred by Mr S. Priestley against Mrs Wilson, both parties being well known as resi ding near the junction on the Moonambel road. The result was the committal of defendant for trial at the Maryborough Circuit Court on Tuesday next. Mr DeSaxe, dentist, of Badarat, will make his usual monthly visit to this township on Saturday next, remaiuing here also during the following day. Owing to the pressure of matter of a directly im mediate interest we must defer our notice of the new leasing regulations and other rules relating to mining until next week. Now that threshing is well advanced amongst farmers and selectors, reliable data is- to hand as to the yield of this season's crop. We are sorry to have to report that in this district the returns both for wheat and oats, but more especially for the former, are even worse than reported some time ago. In the immediate neighborhood of Avoca, with some few exceptions, the crops are almost a total failure. At Amphitheatre, Bet- Bet, Moon ambel and Redbank, matters are if possible worse ; many paddocks promising well, some two months ago, yielding nothing but patches of blackened straw. At Natty Yallock, on the lower Avoca, and St Amaud, few threshings have been made. That portion of the district, however, conprises so small an area as in a very trifling degree to affect the general returns. From careful inquiry, and from information received from Mr J. Laver, who has travelled, threshing during the past month all over the district, we are warranted in stating that this year's crop will not average one half of last year's. " ' . , It is not usual, we believe, to see filberts ripen to perfection in this part of the colony, but we have seen some excellent fruit of the kind, as well as some very fine eggplums,» from the garden of Mr Bryant, Avoca. Ry the way, as we noticed- the curious accident which happened to Mr Bryant some time sir.ee, which disabled him, we have real pleasure in now-saying- that he has- been able to resume in person the active, portion of his business. The February number of the Australian Jour ? 'nal sustains its reputation as a well-conducted and "amusing periodical., Mr Marcus Clarke — who has also in this number given us an amusing little story called "Playiug with Fire," has reacheil the ninth chapter of the fourth book of his tale His Natural Life.' The poetical contributions are above the average, and bear the Stirling impress ; the poems bearing the titles " At the river," and " A tale of the Bush,' being very well strung together. The full page j engraving of a street in Nash vile, I Queensland, although bearing evident signs of a photographic basis, is well done both by draughts man and engraver. The household recipes, gar dening hints, &c.will; be found very useful. The speeches of Sir James McOulloch, at Morn- ington, and of Mr Macpherson, at Hamilton, have shadowed forth the Ministerial policy now pretty well known." The address of the latter gentleman as reported in full in the Argus, contains a state ment which may well account for the continual and harrassing delays and hindrances in the business of the Land Office. Mr MacPherson said that several thousand applications were in the office, undisposed of, and although he had tried to get over this vast accumulation of business, the greatest difficulties prevailed. This was an addition to the ordinary correspondence of the office and that relating to the title to occupy and the possession of Crown lands in the colony. We have had within our own knowledge abundant proof, that this explanation is but too true, and trust every effort will be made to clear away this mass of accumulations, even if red tapism be set aside for the nonce. We regret that the lecture on "The Monk that shook the World," promised for last evening by the Rev E. L. Wilson, did not take place, owing to the smallness of the audience that assembled. As the subject is a most interesting one we can only suppose the matter- had not received sufficient publicity, , 