Twelve Hours' Bide in the Bush. By a Cadet. On one of the tributaries of the Murray lies an immense tract of .level country, composed of large treeless plains, and dense box: forests, intermingled with beautiful pine, myall, wil low, and other trees. The country is -taken up with 'squatters' who hold large quanti ties of cattle .and sheep, which thrive exceed ingly well in this richly-grassed portion of the continent. The immense quantities of kangaroos, emus, and .other native animals that are to he seen gracing on tho vast plaius prove great pests to the; squatters; tho former, when full- grown; consuming far more grans than sheep, and con sequently .are hunted and destroyed in all directions, but without causing any apparent decj-eu.se in . their numbers. On a beautifol morning of December, 1870, the i rising sun revealed a. number of slab build ing!*, built closely together on the bank of the iive'r. They are of various sizes and shapes ; and. conspicuous among the rest is the quaint looking old slab house, with its ancient looking verandah, .under the shelter of which hang saddles, bridles, stockwhips, hobbles and various other articles indispensable in the buah It is the Home Station ; and the conspicuous looking building is the house ; the other build ings are the men's huts, kitchen, stables,. black- smith's and carpenter's shops, store, raeat houie, tic. , ? . , t Four persons are standing under the. veran dah,; whom it will be necessary .to describe. Standing with his back resting against the slab; wall, is an old grey: bearded man — this is Old SCodg«r';'he is rather stont, and about the medium height; jiear.hiru is:stauding a tall man; wearing a. slouched Yankee hat, -under which is to be seen :a very unprepossessing bloated face— this is 'John Tippler,' Codger's o veneer. The other; two in the group consist of Charley Browner and myself, who ate get S* ting colonial experience on Codger's ? run ; ii I) fact we are cadets. ' ijl . Browner is from Great Britain, fronvwheifa ? J he came about a couple of years back to 'fa |J an insight into squatting life in Australia. ] 'Sz is a very smart young fellow, and is now tho, v roughly colonised. '-- Many a wild gallop have we had together ''? after cattle as wild us buffaloes, and many i | wild horse have we helped each other to saddle | and mount. rjj Hundreds of times have we flown over tbi if plains together after tte ' wild kangaroo-' ^ ,and often have we sung ourselves' to bleep if while we coiled round the camp fire, rolled fa if our blankets, with our saddles for pillows. W\ I am a little older than Browner, and havfe [IK been brought up in Australia ; my face fa f-f tanned with the Australian sun, and I sin i& taller than he is. H The men's hut stands about eighty yards $ from the house, and from it about a dozen men I.' are wending their way in the direction of %~ the kitchen, in answer to the large break- '' ' fast bell rung by the cook to call them ii T- breakfast. ,- We are awaiting the arrival of a black boy, * who has gone out as usual to yard the stock ^ horsea, whose approach soon became' known to p' us by hearing the loud report of his stockwhip |vj ringing on the air, followed by the hoof-stroke M of the horses, which were now to be- seen f| emerging from some adjoining timber, with & ' Monkey ', (the black boy) following them at m a sharp gallop. . ' : M Iu less than five minutes about' fifty of p the best stock horsen on the river were 1 plunging, neighing, and capering in the stock-' i yard. ' '' 1 'Now then, my lads,' said Tippler, 'put | your saddles on your horses. Codger wants | us to go for a day's kanqarooing, and we will' | see if we can't send a lew of them to glory.' ]'? 'Keller,' ho said, addressing me, ' .tall' I Charley and Pat to saddle their horses also, 1 and come with us ; and tell Black Booleybuck to jump on Mad Boy and come too.' Pa£ ! Charley, and Bcoleybuck were three of the, knockabout men. The former a light-hearted' Hibernian, the next a steady young German,' and the latter a blackfellow. After a little trouble in helping the black- - fellow to mount Mad Boy, who. was very wild and difficult to mount, I let the dogs out of. the kennels and saddled my favorite horse, Eaglehawk. While I was thus employed, Browuer was seeing about getting a pair of horses put into one of the express waggons for Tippler, who was going to follow on wheels. By 6 o'clock a.m., all was ready for the start, and we rode at a steady pace away fiou the station, followed by ten splendid kangaroo . dogs aud three stag hounds, Tippler keeping about fifty yards behind the express waggon. We hud not proceeded above half a mile beyond the home paddock when we saw about a dozen kangaroos about three hundred yards ahead, making away from us. We immediately called to the dogs and started in pursuit, urg ing the dogs forward with shouts of encourage ment. After we had pursued the game for about a mile I noticed three of the strongest dogs pushing their way ahead of the reat, and getting near to a very large old man kangaroo, who had fullen behind his comrades. He managed, however, by making terrific bounds, to keep out of their reach for several miles, when tho foremost dog seemed to be almost' catching him. Shouts of ' Hold him ! hold ' him !' rang on the air from all hands but ' Booleybuck, who was swearincr violently at ' the biped for not allowing the dogs to catch him, and was crying out ?' Haul 'em ! haul 'em ! haul de debble !' at the same time flogging his hone with his old tommyshanter. Just at that juncture Mad Boy put one of his' front legs into a wombat hole, and fell heavily, bringing the blackfelldw to mother earth. Before he was up again, the foremost dog had collared- the ' old man,' and was jumping 'at his throat, and impeding his -progress^1 thus ' enabling the other dogs to catch and besiege him. A fierce struggle now ensued ;7'the kabgaroo keeping on his legs, and backiuz.up against a tree, fought violently with the dogs, trying to rip them when they came, wilhiri his reach, and giving some of them some' very , ; nasty cuts. I unfastened my stockwhip 'from my saddle, and, riding up close to him*, striiok him across the head with my whip doubled, my j object being to get him away from the tree to give the dogs a chance to pull aim down. . v ', ' ,' , .. I had no sooner struck him than lie drew, hiiiiself up to his full height, and made it terrific bound at me. Browner called out ' Bjr '\ Jove I he's on you.' I turned ' my horse sharply round, the movement 1 made spoiling his aim, he landed on my hone's quarter, and slipped off, leaving a few scratches on iaj. Dag; 8 hide. He then bounded off to a deep creek a short distance off, fighting with tha! dogs all the way, and, plunging into the creek made another stand ivthe water, and as eaoK dog made at him he caught them in bis aritaa } aud : ducked them, sometimes holding theni under the water as if trying to drown them* but! he was not allowed to do so, because, when' he bad one dog under the water, an'otHer would swim up and attack him, causing him to release' the one he had hold of, aud com menjee to duck his new adversary. Th(s ludicrous -scene bad continued for a quarter of . ', I-.] ; ? ~ ? ? - '????-? ~ ??? ?. ?? ? ~ :'l an boar, when we found that it was getting ' :; too hot for the dogs, who had been uwimming '?? ground him, and were .getting exhausted. EJ JJooloybuck, who had remounted his horse, W'.jtni wan none the worse for his spill, was 'r ? , jkughing heartily at the ' big lark,' as he V~'. he termed it, when ' Tippler' said ' who will „'- 5 ^wim in and '.cook his goose.'.' ,r--.« 'Me crackena coeoanut' said Booleybuck, j £& (dismounting and hobbling his noise. He then t^-; proceeded to out a waddy from a tree, which [J^i was the work of. a minute; ho then stripped, JKt and swimming up behind the kangaroo that !%'(fluid been, . standing up to bis neck in water. l,f 'during the. skirmish, struck him a couple of \i', sharp blows on the - head, causing him to reel !.' ' '.over and give up the ghost. The blackfellow1 *'--vthen hauled him out, when we found that he »?? ?:, measured 10 feet two inches in length. We !' ' „, lifted this monster into the waggon for the ;' ~|4oga. The dogs had- scarcely had time to ' get \ ; '|irind and 9. drink, when two kangaroos came !-.; popping, leLsiuely out of a clump of timber a T ? jfwrt distance off. Some of the dogs saw (ibern and were off, the rest following in their wake*; we Rcrambled to our saddles and ?followed. .The kangaroos had now turned Tjirfl and retreated into the timber. We soon \- A reached the clump,, but the dogs had got a -good start of us, and it .was Rome time before 1 :-'L;iye got in sight of them. However; we made 1V'| ? good race, of. it. ? ? Browner on Juinbuck, 1 '. nijself on Eaglehawk, and the darkie on Mad \- ': Boy, keeping neck and neck for about half a . ? mile, leaving tho two men some distance be . hind. There was an inundation caused by the . recent floods now in our view. It was about -: eighteen feet wide and about seven feet deep; ' li stretched out into the plain from the creek. ?: for about 600 yards, und to go round it from 'I where we were would have taken us at least J 400 yards out of.our road, and consequently *j spoil the hunt, as the k-yngaroos und the dogs I had already crossed the obstacle. M ' We steadied our horses and took them at it, Browner' s horse and. mind cleared it flying ; ',? Mad Boy baulked, and swerving nearly ran . ! against Fat, who was just pushing his horse, : Old Bob, up ; to the jump: Hob cleared it \ without a refusal, and .Booleybuck was pushing :l his horse at it again, when Charley came thum '**? deriugup; both horses rose together. The , ?'; German's horse making to muuh of a task of fj it fell head over' huels. shooting Charley j;-j leveral yards ahead of him, and jumping up, ? I gallopped riderless away. By this time the i.i dogg had pulled down the kangaroo within. J20 yards off each other, and we soon de's pitched' them with a few blows on the head with our atirtups. if Booleybuck was now gulloppinc; iu pursuit ?_ * of Scottie, the horse tlmt hud fallen with the ,*. German. He was soon caught by the darkie, 4i and led up to where we were. JLJ 'Where is Charley?' I said, addressing ?|'| Booleybuck. ? ' Dis one think Charley dead,' was the I wpiy ; ' Are you Bure ?' said Browner. i 'Mine think so; him tumble jolly wol lop.' -'Bejabers ye should niver think,' cried Pat. 'I kin twig his owled kurkidge in motion, but sure he is crippling mighty bad. Be the mother uv Moses, he did come down though.' 'How did it happen ]' asked Browner. 'Is happen, ye say, Sur !' said the Irishman 'faith and sure, Sur, his horse till under him, at that little quare looking crake that us jumped over. I jist gat safe over mesilf, whin '5 I heered Charley's will known -voice say, I 'Shteady Schottie, and fuith I jist paped '.'. round in me saddle, and vat did I see but \ Booleybuck and Charlie's horse both jump ~ together, and down went Schuttie. Charley i' made a doive in the air, aud landed about ?ii twinty fate in front of tho. horsed' Charley I now came limping up, as if he had twenty I pounds of lead fastened tolas right let{. ..His face presented. a strange appearance ; the skin was completely, rubbed oil' his nose, several of his front teeth hud disappeared, one of his eyes ^aa .blackened, and his forehead was plastered. with mud. ' lAuth,' ejaculated the Irishman, 'ye are a nice spictuelo far yer ould m mother tp, sot eyes upon, Charley ; ye are, be the powers.' . . ' Are you much hurt T' asked Tippler, who bad just driven up. . 'Not.moshe; only mine leek and mine noshe ia radder bainful. . ._.. 'Si^urcy' said Pat,, 'yes, could plant taty's on yer forelock, and one of yer papers is the ciller of a blue spud.'.' ' It yOBh.no yokeing madder to hu v a shpill like that vosh, Mish ter Patrick. If you vosh not grazy, you would shut up.' . ? ;, 'Never niind,' Charley.' said I ; 'the skin will grow on your noso again.'. ? . .-.?.. ' Faith it would nade. to ; his ould mother wou't know her durUrit till it does.'V ' It would be ,a pleshing if,, the skin was I rapped' off 'yourdongtie.j.aud din you wou)d I not dalk' so moslie vooloiy, put you are I hexqusible, i^h yer laslit master jgvacked yer $ head 'Imttf a' 'shtick for. shtcalyng a pottle ay f -vfahky;';;, ,:!;;;::/':/.. ::, ,:. : ...*v.v ' Neare.'a word more uv yer blnrner,',.8aid: I Fat, i'lfttle ruffled; at this disclosure. , ' Bat, J in troth'I'' he continued, .Vyo would, be. a i tris8ure'to-'tfee PruBsmn.army at prisint,.if f| they m^e ye's Qiuerai, and pit ye's in frint, -' I ye wouia, tyightep ^|l lhe'\v, iuimiea ,a way fram ;;.;| (i-ito.'i ''.'-?«- S ? ' ? ' Don't make yerself a pigger vool den you are,' said the German angrily. This dialogue was cut short by our riding to the creek, to allow the dogs and horses to drink. While at the creek the Hibernian was amusing himself by poking a stick into a hol low tree, to see if there, were any oppossums in it. One ran past his hand, and to get out of his reach, took up a position on a light bough. I threw a stick and knocked it off its perch. It was caught by the dogs before it reached the . ground, and '. torn to pieces in an .instant. . We 'now started in search of more game making towards the river, in order that we might bo able to camp for dinner on the river. We rode about a mile' through very thick timber without seeing any kangaroos. Six or seven wallabies were killed by the doga, hav ing been basking under the shade of the trees, as the sun was sending out a pretty strong heat Presently, up jumped a kangaroo, and oft he went, dodging about the timber, lead ing us through some very thick scrub ; then into another clump of thick timber, where we had a little jumping over some fallen trees and boughs that were lying about in all directions. The kangaroo was now making immense bounds towards an adjoining plain. He was now about a hundred yards in front of the dogs, they having lost ground in the scrub, but were now gaining on him again. Away be went across the plain iu the direction of the river timber, keeping up a killing pace all the time. He appeared to be making for a large bend that had been fenced in for the purpose of paddoching some choice ewes. The fence was a stiff post and rail one, about five feet six inches high — a regular rasper — and sure enough Mr. Kangaroo was going to lead us over it, and over it he did lead us, at the ex pense of a spill to his kangarooship, who fell head over hcelu as he landed ; but lie was up and off again. The dogs gained on him through his somersault, and were not forty yards from him when we took .our horses at the fence. My horse st'.'.' «? the top rail, and landed on his head. I landed on the grass, but which part of me came down first I won't venture to say. Browner and the German got safe over. Bob and Mad Boy baulked. As I scrambled to my horse, V hieh I had not lost hold of in my spill, Pat a\d Booleybuck were riding at the fence again, each in his way calling his horse some not very polite names for refusing the jump. Browner aud Charley were still in pursuit, and I following at a con siderable distance, my spill having thrown me behind. The kangaroo now began to turn to the left, finding that he was hemmed in by the river, and he ian along the bank in the shade of the river timber for some distance. While this was going on the bi V,.. ? UJ»d induced his horse to try the juii.^ I— ing smashed the top rail in the attempt, followed by Pat, who rode over the gap. The game now made a swerve, and headed towards the fence, about three miles to the west of .where we had jumped out horses into the paddock. Over he went, with the dogs scrambling through almost at his heels. ' Over !' shouted Browner, aa his horse rose in the air and cleared the fence, followed by the German and myself, with the blackfellow close behind, and then Bob came up with the Hibernian. This time he jumped, and striking heavily brought himself- and his rider to grass, and jumping up, galloped after us, leaving Pat where he fell. The kangaroo being now closely pushed by the dogs, was jumping from one side to the other to evade tiiera, but in vain, as he was soon caught and killed. Booleybuck now proceeded to cut some steaks from the prostrate kangaroo for our re past, while the rest of ub returned to see what injuries the Irishman had sustained, who was lying insensible on the grass. I lifted him up by the arms into a sitting posture, when blood was seen to be coming from his mouth, which it was afterwards discovered was caused by one of his teeth having per forated his tongue. Tippler now came up aud produced his spirit flask, some of the contents of which were poured into Pat's mouth, the taste of the 'craythur' causing him to open his eyes and regain consciousness. He had only been stunned by the fall, and after the application of some cold water to his head, recovered completely. Old Bob was soon caught, and we started «n masse for the river. Here we lighted a fire, boiled our quart pots, roasted some kangaroo meat on the coals, and, having a large damper in the waggon, made a hearty meal; after which we stretched our selves out round the fire and rested for a couple of hours, while our horses were feeding on the rich' grass on the bank of the river, and the dogs were making a meal of the old man kan garoo; that was brought in the waggon. An amusing dialogue now commenced between Charley and Pat : — , 'Veil, Mishter Pat, you were yolly veil banished vur making vun uv mine sphill ; umph ! You didn't get your noshe hurt, put you Sgot a liole bunched in your dongue as pig as your eye, by shorge, und nourish take,!' . -?- Faith r'aaid- Pat, 'that aint much, cos nare a person can see me tongue while it is behint ,me teath, so it aint spiled me beauty ; but that noseofyourn is a foine soight; sure yectn'thoide that at all, witbont ye toy the tail of your shirt round it.' 'Yon yost shut up yer blarney, Paddy ; you are von vool or von of ole neek's imps. I really tank you mosht av crawled out or de lower regions.' . , After this speech we made a move to our our hoises, and after having saddled them, made another start. We were in full swing after a large mob of kangaroos, which we fol lowed for three or four miles, crossing a Bwamp, where the unfortunate Hibernian got bogged,', and came out in a very muddy state, minus his boots and hat. We had to abandon this lot at last, they having got into an almost impassable pine forest; so we called back the dogs, and made a move towards the home station, as it was now about 3 o'clock p.m., and we were about 20 miles from the station, where we arrived at about G o'clock in the evening, with dogs and horses pretty well knocked up, after having been out for just 12 hours. Harry Keller. 