THE aspirations of the Conference of Shire, Borough, and fioad District delegates fair]} takes one's breath away. The cironlar sent by them to the various local governing bodies 1 commences with a modest request—" a cheque for £5 6s.''—justified as the London grotto. boy justifies his request by the asssrance that "it's only onoe a year." Then the body appealed?€orf' : -£5 5e. is told,,that "should you co-operate," you are desired to nominate some barrister, " whom yon would | wish to be selected as standing counsel, as the gentleman having the largest number of nominations will be elected." Happy man. Just think of the fine feathers yon wilt have to plaok, the oysters you'll eat, end the champagne you will drink, at the expense of the associated local governing bodies. Think too, of the fees and refreshers. We are on the tip-toe of expectation to know who the " fellar" will be. The first measure to be considered, we are told, is the Borongh Statute. If " your Council has any peculiar views on that measure—Shire though ye be— send them down and we will put them in our cauldron of ideas and idiosyncracies, and boil them all down together." And now we come to the richest vein of humor in the whole circular. The gravity of the phraseology would lead one to believe that the Conference are in earnest, but the suggestions they make wonld induce us to suppose that they are joking. They are such funny dogs, and they wrap it up in suoh a dry. and arch manner. "The Government in their new Electoral measure (quoth the circular) will remove a very great inducement to ratepayers to pay their rates in proper time, and it is considered that local bodies should receive a quid pro quo in the following shape :— 'The constitution of the oity of Melbourne t and the town of Geelong provides that after the rate notice has beea served, those bodies can, without further notice, distrain on the effects of a defaulting ratepayer, and it will be for your Council to say if you approve of a clause conferring the same powers on other local governing bodies, or whether you think the following suggestion would meet, ihasase, viz.—Give local bodies the privilege of taking out summonses against defaulting ratepayers free of oost, as under the ^Health Act. This proposition it is considered will be equally advantageous to Councils and ratepayers in reduoing the cost of action." Modest creatures ! A quid pro quo ? The ratepayers must have belonged to the corporations body and soul, «r they never would talk about receiving a quid pro quo for the Joss of ttiiat tbey never ehould have had in their keeping. The quid pro quo asked for is that local governing bodies should have the right to distrain on the effect* of defaulting ratepayers, after the rate notice has-been served. How would the ratepayers like thBt?. It savours of arbitrary power somewhat, but then you see the eounoillors would be the The proposal is held up as justifiable on -the principle that two wrongs •take a right. The city of Melbourne and the town of Geelong du it, therefore, -why not ell other corporations ? The logic ia irresistible. The Conference, however, are not unreasonable. They have a slight misgiving, and -like & *heap John at a Dutch auction they come down in theit demands. They say " give local bodies the privilege (mark the word) of taking out summonses against defaulting ratepayers free of cost. This proposition it is considered witt be equally advantageous to conncQs and ratepayer* in reduoing the eost of action: Very tempting bait, certainly.. We are perjtlexttd to know whether the ratepayers trill jump at the offer or say "not for Joe^-oh, no, no." We «an make a far better.suggestion Irtt the iummdnses be issued firaeef cost, and tone justioe of the peace or thejtresidBnt of the *bite back them with an ex parte verdict for "tbt amount claimed and costs, with imntdWtll MMfejtMB. The ratepayers could uoi object to this "as iVwould eave ci&pehte.; It eepm* to as. that the Conference delegate? are anxious to rehearse the hay with the big stick and the basket of eggs, and if the ratepayers, the symbolical basket of eggs, have ne objection to the bigstiek.we don't see any particular reason why they should" not be battered up. The circular, evidently concocted, by some subtle despot in embryo, goes on to •ay—" I would, -point ont to you the great advantage that mast be derived from com: bined action on the pvt of local governing t bodies as against the present disintegrated system, and "would instance the late .Flood conference." ; Onr extreme etnpidity will not allow u» to see this, bnt if our friend would lend os his green- spectacles with silver rims we have no donbt we should see as lie -sees. . We' approach 'the areolar again,—" Bnt it - most he borne strictly in mind that this: Federation is not formed; for the purpose of bringing any great political ?weighi fo bear •npon'the central Government,' bnt' mniply to collB^thev^^us^pinionsoriocal jgovenung bodiesj ana lay ? them 'before tae .yentral Government in a condensed form.- j And an; _ ^ • . GawnSljenV. I believe, - would -fce ^ happjr to qsnslk jusin fhe matter,?' ij&s;^is comforting. It must be borne strictly in mind thai the Federation is aotV formed for tin purpose of bullying the Government, but simply to collate and " bo'il down" the various (very various) opinions of the local governing bodies. "And any Government, I believe, would only bs too happy to atsist vs in framing laws for the colony 1" " We and the Governor—myBslf and the Queen." We do not wonder at some people thinking that as the Government of the cauutry have foiled to make good laws that they could do better: Butuntil the Assembly and Council agree to knuckle under, it sounds rather like a waste of words to talk about them " assisting us." IF we cannot get reasoLable legislation we liad better hand over the reins to the Conference delegates, and then, of course, the defunct Government will if they can "assist us." Until the present Legislature agree to give up the ghost, it seems to us that the Shire delegates can exercise no legitimate vocation, for, in spite of the vulgarity of the old saw— we believe that too many cooks spoil the broth. If the Government of the country is bad, the interference of Shire delegates will not "assist us." At the Police Coart, yesterday, a man named Pryde, was accused by bis wife, of having assaulted her. Sbe eaid be had frequently done •o before, and ehe could not live with him.' Tbe husband on his side, said that whenever he returned home he found his wife out gossipping somewhere, and' his meals wiere never • prepared for him. The Bench asked the complainant what she wished the Bench to do) Sbe replied that she would be glad of an order for 5s per week. She could not live with him. The Bench said they could not separate the litigants, they could only punish or bind the defendant over to keep the peace. Which coarse would complainant prefer to follow ? " Punish him" was the reply of the wife. The Bench then asked defendant what he had to say. He replied that all he could say was that the greater lortion of his wife's evidence was false. She iad gone away to church'on Sunday, and left him witbont any dinner. When she came home she found him eating some cold meat, cooked on Friday, and she said " is that the way you get your dinner." . : Se threw the plate down, and turned her out, saying that as she had stayed away so long for her own pleasure, she should now go out for his. A witness who re- sided in the neighborhood, was called, and deposed that on the night on which the alleged assault took place he beard ecreams proceeding from the premises of the defendant. The Bench sentenced defendant to one month's imprisonment in tbe Kyneton gaol, with hard labour. Mr Weigall (who sat with the police magistrate) remarking that on a previous occasion when defendant was brought up on a similar charge, he was only nominally-punished, as the Bench then thought that a caution would be sufficient. It had not, however, had the desired effect, and they could not now pass over the present offence lightly. The Central Energetic Company, Lauristont cleaned up No. 1 battery—yitld, llOez; they j will clean up No. S, to-day, and eiqect about 50oz. No 2 battery has only been crushing hree days. The Energetic Company, Lauriston, realized 63oz of retorted gold for the fortnight. We are sorry to say that the wet weather of the past few days has had a very detrimental effect on the crops around Kyneton, and if the present wintry weather continues lone, we shall have anything but a good season. From other quarters not so peculiarly situated as Kyneton, s the news is good, but it is well known, that the same amount of rain that would be very beneficial to lower lying districts, would be injurious to Kyneton. A capital suggestion was made at the last meeting of the Kyneton Agricultural Society, by - Mr JJobert Orr. He suggested that a Urge prize should be offered for a quantity of salt butter to be sent home to England, in order to test its qualities in that market against other kinds of butter. He has promised to table a definite motion on the subject at tbe next meeting, and to contribute a sum towards'carrying out the object. " Thos. Fallon applied for and obtained the. ' transfer" of a' grocers' licence from a Mr' O'Connell, to himself at the Police Court, yesterday. All shares on which calls remain unpaid in the North Star Q. and AV G. Al. Co., will be forfeited after the 14th inst. In pursuance with a request made by the Mayor of Malmsbury, it 4s highly probable that boating will sWon be allowed ou the Malmsbury reservoir, subject to a bye-law to be framed by the Board ot Land and Works. Tbe rivers Campaspe and Coliban were much ewollen yesterday. The water was running over both bye- washes at the reservoir, and escaping in a torrent through the valves of the tower. The flood of yesterday was the highest of tbe year. The services of neatly the whole of the waterworks staff have been dispensed with, both on the Coliban aud Geelong works. The following shares in the Great Success Gold Mining Company have -been' declared forfeited for the non-payment of the 6th call of 2s per share, and will be sold by auction on the 13th october, at the Albion Hotel, Taradale: 661 to 690, 781 to 810, 1231 to 1265, 1501 to 1530, 1831 to 1860. The aonthly fur was held at the Shire yards on Thursday. - The weather was wet, cold, and .boisterous.' Everyone looked cold And miserable. The muster of eattle was good, and some were of excellent quality. Buyers were not scarce, and the bidding was spirited. Pigs in good demand, aud suckers realised from 10s to 16s. There were, 18 horses, 163 head of cattle, 134 pigs, and S calves entered at the yards on the -day of the fair. The bidding was spirited, and buyers were active: Had the weather heen fine, the fair would have been one of the best during the year. : The . Buna .Bona Company, Malnubsiy, cleaned up during the.' week, :and obtained : An extraordinary tnnoting of ^the Energetic Quartz *nd ,-Alluvial .Gold Mining ^Company. will^be iidd at Alexander's Hotel, Piper-street, (HI Wednesday, 25th October, at noon, ; to consider the advisability, or otherwise, of increasing the number of shares, and give instructions to die Board of Directors to cany ont die same if determined ,upon. Also, generally revise the Deed of Association, and alter where necessaiy. The Kyneton Agricultural Society have spent a large amount of money oh their yards, and sometime age a .request iwas made to the Burd of .Land and Works to have the land permanently reserved. The application was backed by a memorandum signed by Mr Hodgkinson, and re- urned to the Society, in which it was distiuctly stated that the Boar J- of Land and "Works approved of the permanent reservation of the land on which .the Society's yards are built. Nothing therefore, '.remained but to Gazette the reservation. But months passed by, and no sign was made. The secretary of the Society again wrote, aud-then,it appeared that some mistake had occurred. 1 The Board'6T Land and Works hvl not approved of the reservation, Sir Hodjskiiison ,had- recompend^d it. The request, in coasequ£bce'of>tbe misckrnage, had to be renewed, and the last communication on the subject was from the Chief Secretary's private secretary, informing die Society that the request-h&tiai;&ia; tt&rred-tei; M- Gnmt. It is to be hoped that ait last the reservation will be. made. The Society have sent down'a eopyigf the ^neatonwie by Mr. Hodgkinson in the^nt^ini&Mei; 1 - irrespective of this promise, the Society have an undeniable claim &nd; rigbt to the brad. When any application or request gets fatoj^gjyimljttgf ments—there Is no knowing when it will come out. KSsesaic9Bss On Wednesday next a ball will take place at Carlaruhe, in aid of the common school. We are happjr to see by the Melbourne journals' that (be -defect in the Shires Statute affecting tbe'Kynetoh Shire in particular has been remedied by the introduction of a clause by the Legislative Council. An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders of tbe Melbourne and Lauriston Gold Mining Company will be held at the office nf tbe company, Mollison-street, Kyneton, on Monday, the i3rd instant, for tbe purpose of re-organising the company, increasing the number of shares, altering the capital, and revising the rules of the company. An extraordinary meeting of the North Energetic Q. and A. G- M. Co. will be held at Alexander's Hotel, Piper-street, Kyneton, on Wednesday, the 25th October, at the 3 p.m., to consider the advisability, or otherwise, of increasing tbe number of shares, and give instructions to tbe Board of Directors to carry out the same, if determined upon; also generally revise the Deed of Association, and.alter were necessary. For the general information of shareholders in the Devonshire Q M. Co. we may remark that in consequence of the intended extraordinary meeting on the 27th ult. lapsing it is intended that an extraordinary meeting shall be held on .Nov. 8, at the Commercial Hotel, Tardale, the proposed business to be transac:ed being—" lat.—To decide, or otherwise, on increasing the number of shares and if necessary to fix on the increased number of shares. 2nd.— To amend aud if necessary to make sush additions to the deed of association as the meeting may direct. - 3rd:—To consider on rnd if deemed advisable to borrow money on the machinery and plant and to give mortgage i ver the same. 4tb.—To decide or otherwise on disposing of trust shares. A small "set to" took place on Satui 'ny last, between two very big men. Mr Thn.tris Carpenter and Mr U'Dougall, a gentleman, equally great, fell out for some reason l>est known to themselves, at the refreshment ro ms of the Kyneton Railway Station. At first it was thought by the bye-standers that these ttvo persons were cuddling each other affectionately but the bruin-like grips soon convinced those who were looking on that such was not the ease. During the struggle the happy pair rolled over against the door and completly shattered the bottom part of it. Tbe Government have a good ground for an action for damages. When it was found that matters had come to this serious pass the belligerents were separated in order to avoid the catastrophe of the station being brought down about the ears of other people. The inquest on the body -of Ann Marriott has been further adjourned, no fresh evidence having been collected in regud to the mysterious affair. We are afraid that the theory of the unfortunate woman having fallen down in a fit will not be sustained. No account has yet been given of the man who acted in such an extravagant manner on the beach, nor has he been seen since, nor have the police discovered who the two persons were who left the town pier in a boat at 9 on tbe evening of the murder. 