ITclicjiaus Jiitcl%ciicc. ITALY. llie Kev. lAir. M'jjoiigall, of Florence, com- imiiiicates the following in an interesting pamxjhlot on tho "Present position of Missions 111 Italy " : — "A decxily interesting' fact has just been oom- inunicated to. me. It is the joyous and happy union at Milan of thirty -three sexiarato churches under the title of tho ' Free Italian Church,' aud on tlic folloAving Scriptural basis : — "1. God tbe Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, has manifested his avIU in Eovelation, Avhich is . tho Bible, the alone perfect and immutable rule of faith and conduct. "2. God created . man XJcrfcct in his OAvn image and likeness, but Adam, disobeying the Word of God, sinned, and by one man sin h.as- entered into the Avorltl, and death by sin. .On this account, human nature in Adam and by Adam has become oorriixit and sinful ; aud Ave "are all born iu Adam with tho inclination to do evil, and the inability of doing Avell Avhat God has commanded ; -wherefore, naturally, wo are all -sinners under condemnation. " 3. God does not desire the death of the sinner, hut that he should come to the kiiOAV- Icdgc of tho truth and be saved. "4. Salvation comes from the eternal and gratuitous love ol tho Father ;— it is obtained through the expiatory sacriffce, resurrection and intercession of the Son ; — it is communicated by the Holy Spirit, who regenerates the sinner, unites him to Christ hy faith, comes aud dwells in him, produces peaco in his heart, giving him tho assurance of tho entire remission of his sins, making him free, guiding and consoling him by means of the word which he himself has given sealing and guarding him until the day of the glorious appearing of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. "5, Tho Christian redeemed Avith a great price, ought to glorify God in his soul, body, and spirit, aa'hiou beleng to God, walking iu holiness, Avithoiit Avhioli no man can seethe Lord. In order to this, he finds strength in communion Avith Him who says to him' 'My grace is sufficient for thee.' "6. '.Believers regenerated in Christ form the Church, which caimot perish nor apostatise, being tho body of the Lord Jesus. "7._ In addition to the universal pricsthead of believers, God Himself has established in the Church various special ministers for the perfect ing oi the saints and the edifying of tho nody of Christ, which ministries ought to be recognised by the church itself. "8. The Lord Jeaiis Christ Avill come from heaven and transform our body of humiliation into a glorious body. In that day the dead in Christ shall rise first, and the living Avho are found faithful shall bo transformed, and thus together shall Ave be caught up in the clouds to meet the Lord in tho air, to be forever Avith the Lord ; and, after his kingdom, all the rest shMl rise to "be Judged in judgment. Tksse articles are Eeld to suffice M a testi- mony of a. Christianity purely evaiigelioal, Avith- out pretending there are no other doctrines in tho Bible to be believed. It is also clearly as serted that this ' Boclaratlou of Principles docs not xiretend to infallibility. The Word of God is alone infallible and immutable. Nor is it looked upon as the cause or title to .salvation, but simply as the outward bond of- unity in the faith and banner of the church. All parties in Italy haA-e expressed their satisfaction at the unanimity Avith which these doctrines were pro claimed as a basis by this nascent church, after long and prayerful consideration, and despite tho efforts of a small se'ction Avho urged the tenets of Plymoiithism, and in every way dis« couraged the the union Avhich has now been accomplished." 