, -_ Local General News. A tainting 6f tin Committee of the Warwick Hospltalves bold cn Wednesday laM,*t which the following members ware preaetit-~Messra. E. L. Thornton (in tbe oh air), S. Evenden, J. T. Letbbrfdgeil Wi 0/ Bells. U. Bleary, Df, Balls- Haadley. amLlhe .Secretary. The wardv .nun jljie. Hospital to be M fallows': . : ICalfl Femilei Total Remaining atlutmeettat ... « / fl e Admitted aloes 3 1 8 Dlsoharftd , ... ' ... s 0 8 Died ... 1' ... 0 « ?? ; ;Jten>bilpf In boatful > - t 1. 6 ^The Viiidag Cdmiittee'reported that the Hospital wwJn . /aatjf'actoiy condition. and that, thewcrlc in ppnnect'iopnUh (hi new buildings .was going (in iatfatftCtoflly, and they ireoJbfih'e'ndil thktrrHr. ?$.< iTOuJloch, the contractor, abould be allowed an adrence of JCBO on aoconat ol the work. As applica tion was inada toy Mr. M'Gfllloch (or « farther ?urn of £50, and on the. motion of Mr. H. Cleary, »eoopd«d by Mr. S. Erenden, both aiiDki were allowed. The following aooounts wer* paaiod for payment i ? i . , £» A G. Nutt, druga ... 0 10 0 . U. A. Doarof. srages .. 6 10 0 Ura. Sanniera, wages .. 25 0 0 Cobb & Oi, fare .. 2 6 G Seortttars'a a»Ury C$0 Mr. Jas.il. lethlji'iqg^ puj-.uant to notice, brought forward .the motion standing in his .najna in refi»renop to the admiaiion of Poly neniani Itito'tha hosjfital. , After a fliort dis coMlnn it wa* anaoimotitly resolved on the motion of Sir, W. 0. Ballt, aeoorided by Mr. 8\. Even den" that no Polynesians shall be admitted into the hospital finder any circum stances whatever.?'' - Mesara.' Tbrirpton and Balls were appointed visiting comliifttee for £eftember ana October. A sob-committee were appointed; ichnSlslltig of the following member*, Mr. B. ISvendoo, Mr. Letbbrtdge, Dr ilalli-Httidley, and the Seoretary, to report upot]'\fiefpre\jlfcebilityt)f£ttlnB a steam bo(|er in the-bath -room, and on other matters cooneoted'witb the additional buildings now in oourse of election. Aftersomo piibor buii nest bed been disposed bi tlje meeting sepa rated. ' / - Oa TbnraSty afternoon wo were chcered by the «ounf) of afew drops of rain filling ou the housetops, end by the rainy appearance of the darkclbbAi that were havering about. This <releame change from the dry weatliBr we bare now'bad fpr lucb i length of time, did not htiwtjTer last long. A few slight eliowert cnn tlrtnei' duiing tbe evening, but altogether did hot mnoh'mnie than lay the duit. Friday monjlnfr brotce w/(li a oletr aky^iid a warm ma, and all hopes of *r»l6y season setting in were agkib ^polled. ' Ohaog, Itlie-Ohlneae giant and the "tallest man ^a" lis mi Id" fau been holding Jerers In tbe Masonle'.Hall, a:nce Thursday craning, and lias attracted a numeroui lot of visitors, lie jg accompinied liy Kin l?oo, wbo is an. donaoed as tbe only Chinese lacly ersr re. B»i»ed by tier Majesty. Cbang- it In 'reality a giant, and tho-e men we bare been U<ed to look upon as ol good slse are tneVe pigmies when beiide him, and can walk under bis arm wilbont tuuoliiog liim. He ie well propor tioned and of very good figure, and his gentle manly deportment and easy manner render it pleasant to eon Terse witb bira. Regarding liU history we copy lite following from a cim temporary:-'Thin gifml-unlike the great Hlunderboro, and his kin of nursery fame scents (o Lave co:ne of a icspectable family. Ho is a native of Fy-chow, a city in (lie Aa« liwy province of the Olestial Umpire, and, Hccording to his nuinl'iogiaphy.is tweuty-four years of age. The Changs have all been tall men, besides being colrbiated in various ways. Chang say*:-* My father Chang Tzing. A Hcholar and di«cipld of Confucius ; my grand father, a «apc, famous for hit wisdom; my great grandfather, Chang, the mau of-war, of 1 whose great deed* our j»oel« love to sing--«1! were great men/ Chang has a brother who weighs 4<Ktbs., and is called the itrong mau of ihu Easl. lie h a warrior, and is the favor ite of the Supreme Read of tlie Celestial Em pire, the henvun-eonfened one who^e youth live* as the bamboo, green ten thousand years." It will be Keen by advertisement in another column that Chang will hold levees tlrfr afternoon and evening. In order to keep our readers well posted as to tbe progress Mr. Lilky u making in Irs suit for libel against us, we beg to inform them thai, we Uavo tbis week been honored willi another voluminous document, occupying eight pages of foolscap. and which ID legal parlance is called a *' declaration." This frightful looking memorandum of monotonous legal technicalities is enough of itself to strike such terror as t<> «lmust make us give up the ghost at once, but ils formidable appearance is nothing to the sensational intelligence it con tains-*!«., that Mr. Lilley-hai^rsiscd the amount of damages fromSlOfHJ to £2000 (tico thousand pounds !) If (here are any steps yet*1 tobe taken, and at each of them Mr. Lijley raises hiB claiui by £1000, it is hard to any for what sum we uaay bo sued for when the tiial really takes place. L'ut as the case ut pres^ut stands, £2000 from us and £2000 from the Queensland Time« are nioe auras, aod, after all, are better p i tea than any seat on the Ministerial Bunches. To say tbe least of it. this is a now way of raising tbe wind, but whether it can be carried out successfully or not remains to be seen. Mr. A. Trollopo, the well known author, paid a visit to tbu district on Wednesday and Thursday last. Ho (rallied from -Ipswich on boiMback« and crossed the main Range by the rqad.gver Cunningham's Gap. U[e expressed bm'aelt delighted fet the ma^DificenttJifr bu had of;tl>6 Jftaib Itongfc.-and- tUfi 'grandeur of the scenery In that lookttty. ;After staying a night at MY. Wleuholt'a, of Mar>Vata, he came on to Warwick, aud on Thursday afternoon last he :pojd a visit to Canning Downs station, lie left l>,y t/ftin yesterday morning 'for Oambooya, and will stay a few dftys at Eton Vale. We believe Mr.Trbllppe intends visiting several of the stations on the OowosfceforeJeftTliigthecylpoy. Should bo. Jipvferer, wfite ji workf pir Queensland, we tfoubt that the. rich pasture lands' of the D6#A6 will not Appear ihtttfavotfefale'ft char acter as might have been .the case if the long drought bad not made ihetu appear almosUtke a barren Waste in comparison to the otlprfrifie park*like appearauce they generally preaent at this time of the year. Favorable reportp ate circulated regarding the work uoir goibg on at 4|» Xalgtl qutitz roofs. Two partial have set to work io ear- ] nest. Ouo is sinking at tbe Louisa reef, and < tbe other on Taylor's reel and tiiey are also I erectiog crushing machinery oa tbu bauks of tbe riTOr. Both tbe above-naipcd teefs have, in former days, turned .out good yield*, and from wbat we hear there ia every likelihood of rich atone being found at thopt (places again. Tlie long.deserted l'algai 'reefs will again be Mated, and we bive every belief tbat tbe result will be highly fatisfaetory! It baB long been known that gold it to be found Amongst ail tbe ranges about Tolgui, and th«t it only re quired capital and labor to get at it; and ii one- half the fuss bad been madcf about Ibe place *1)111 there lias over some onta'aup-1 posed 'gold-field in tbia neighborhood, Talgal. would now have been a populous place, and hundred of diggers would bate' <4case to be satisfied with the prosperity tbat was to be found in the reefs. . 4t a meeting of the School of Arts com mittee held on Thursday evening last, it »aa dooided that a supply of new books should be obtainedjdireot from Loudon and ,4b»t the Se cretary suoii|d Invjte jbe members to sond in lists of works they desired should l>e.added to tbe Library. It was stated that tbe opening of the .library on Saturday afternoons was * great convenience to tbe members, and on those grounds .it was decided tbat this youige ment should be made a permanent one, ! ALLORA MUNICIPAL Oodkcil.-The osual meeting of this council was held on Saturday evening last, when ail the members of the Council were present. After tliamioutoi of previous ttieeurgs and (lie correspondence had been read oner, Improvement Committee Be ports No. 8 and 0 were read, the first recom mending the g^velling. of a portion ot the road leading to (he railway station, which waa adopted. The second -having reference to re palrato Oolilup L»n&/w«8«fB>x^ hack to tlie Committee forfutlier tonhl3eratk)fi. The Fi banceOohiihltiee'i report, which leeomfoended the paytneht t>f the following sums, was also adopted:- Cad , TowoO|erU,»alaryand oom- - mission .. 6 16 2 MuDlfclpaVIhspcctor .. I 10 0 Petty Cash .. " ..2 0 0: It was reaoived on the motion or AlJ.Unrd wieke and seconded by Aid. Fitzgerald that, application be made to tho Government for the permanent reservation of Allotment 8 of bbo tion 10 aa a site for a flehpoi of Aits. Aider man Fitzgerald moved, without previous noli®, that a communication 'ty tent lo the Poittnaster-Genoral, Urging tba necessity, of establishing a telegraph office In this town. This motion was eocpeiled by AUerman Gor don,'and carried unanimously. Alderman Gor don moved for a call of the whole Council, lor the purpose of considering, at the next meet ing, the action of lbs members with regard to the payment of Money lo Mr. Kates for plans of a,flour mill. 'The taction Was seconded by.' Alderman Fitzgerald iuid auppotted by Aiders man M'Millan. whp *t«hed to have tho matter fully explained ih oi«ef to give the inembera' who were kbaeqian bppiirtunity of expressing their views oo tns subject. After a conversa tion Inwlilch all the "members took part the motion was^agretd to. Several otbor unim portent- matters having been disposed of, the meeting «ep>ra|n|- ?. Considerable uneaaiseis 1(S6 been felt by the Srnfciert, farmers, andtarriera residing in the >atbydistrict,owingJo the scarcity of the feed and the conduction of . the drought. The following notification eignefl by the resi dent clergyman of the Dalby district appeared (a Saturday's .//(raid;-? We purpose to have prayer for rain in our renpectlve Cburclies on Sunday next, and call upon , ojir brethren to join with us In supplications that Whit1 threa tens to be a heavy calamity to our district may be mercifully averted. .1 trite splendid /bn|ls' lof (be Durham and Hereford breeds arrived In Brlsbtne last week on their way to' tl h Mqrt's rtation at Frankly n Vale. They jure impbrted by Ihv-Oraou. and came out to Sydney by (be Ship La Hafjua, from London. They mil reach their domina tion In exeelieut condition, notwithstanding their long sea-voyage. Oood judges of stock pronounce tbem to be animals of a Very supe rior class. They are all quite voting, and will be a valuable addition to the "breeding slock of the oulony. \- pur Adelaide neighbor! have lasoed the price schedule* , of their (ttlercolcroial trtee show to cotne off In December next. They are anxious to make tbe competitiira as wide as poteible, and to avoid that ekclnaiveness which has too often characterised exhibitions nominally Aoatrslasinn. In order to promote the succeii'of the show, we d!rect special at tention to tha faot of the 18tb of November bdug tbe last' day for malting *ritrie» and re ceiving exhibit*. In order that jesUce may be done to lb ft kitBplei.-tho.Wnrk Of judging will pot be commenced until -<be lapse of a month, vix, the 16(b December. Hrs. Eddy, nf Lincoln, caught her better bstr kissing the servant girl. The doctor was sent for. lie says he ean patch up Mr. Eddy's face, but hell always be baldheaded. More than five million lbs. of wool were cxpoited from liuokhamj'ton iu 1870. Several Melbourne bakers have beeo fined £.5 and downwards for putting ulum in bread. A Victorian journal savs " Land li risSog rapidly ID value around Melbourne; tfee other day Metal*. P. Cobeu and Co. Hold lots in Ilotham at an avcrago price of £600 per acre. Tiio upset price was £305 per acre and ch«»ice lots were run tip to close on £1100 per acre. The value of laud is increasing in all directions on Kmeiald Hill; latid that seven years ag« could be bought for 10B a foot, C&nuut; be pur chased for £10 per fuot now." There scetns to be some hope of the present dislrcs»ing drought in the district of Maryho» rough breaking up at last, if not immediately, at Ic&Ht; in the course of a few days, Thunder* clouds have appeared around the horizon at various times during the past week, and there are other fevidence* of an impending change, which will be gratefully welcomed throughout the tftttfict.-Maryborough Chronicle. A correspondent at Gayndflh writes os: " The search lor poor D'Arcy is continued, but ead to pay, without succesn 5 not a trace of whore he wandorud, °r of what baa become of bim can be lound His brother ia here pros© curing the scarch by every means in bis power. Mr. Moreton baa wrltteo to tbe Government to move tbetn to offer a reward to induce a larger and sustained effort for the flame purpose." Maryborough Chronicle. ' An apple grower near Mount Gambler ad I Tines grower* of apples, whone trees are S1 (Faded \>jf blight, to keep open tbe upper roots uYing winter, sod to cut open a Urge onion. I aud with it rob tbe parts effected, adding, " It I baa saved my trees, boido of which were nearly 1 duad, pt><l has tbe advaatagfc of cheapness in 1 its fotfur/' ' Tbe Maryborough Mail says:-"We had intended to write a - political' leader this week, but when we eat down to do so we were really so penetrated by a feeling of intense and an infUgftied disgust for the present phase of Queensland politics. Bod for the present class I of Queensland politician*. Hint we oould not 6nd wprdsto express oor feelings." Tbe desperate efforts cf tbe Opposition organs : to g∈ supporters for their oauae are painfully | j apparent in tbe style of information vouched in 1 I utoob-tssoe to tUfelr gtohsfr-ibers, No loader ig I: HrUt^ a^cept to ai|$rt-$atBopae, member or the £ <?Af jflpJW M'? * Jlopflk®# I fcr has4 some pectllifcr phyfibal 'feature which I I'distinguished him frnfn OtUer men, Not a i child can fait down in the sttBets of our< towns j bot Mr, Walfcb is aniirftDticide. NoiA farmer can forfeit bis land but the Minister wabts to I get h liimielMn fact/lbbta 4b uo incident, j however trivial, which is not turned to account in order to prejudice the uneducated and half-j educated readers o£4brJourn»U in question. j Maryborough Mail. j In tbo Burnett district It i> said ttiat cattle.; are lying dead in muddy waterholes end inf every creek and channel i mid the bodies of horses and cattle float down the river, where tbey liad come to drink when tbelr accustomed/ creeks were diied up. \?o have Buffered! severe. droughts before this one; but .nono so? bad within the tost ten jrean to this district,' America is, without 4oabt, the land of fablei {?in, and sensation. We had scarcely re covered from the ti^mor excited by a perusal) of Dr.' Sumerfield's world- destroying process* when we were Sailed upon to believe Mother " notion," propounded by another learned? chemist, to the effect that "the germ-of ell life and growth lies in blue or violet glass." The gentleman who has discovered tbii secret has given ;ft to the1 public in a pamphlet, iij which he tell* ilie reiult of bis own experi ence. Under blue slats In a grapery. in fire months, two-inch vines have grown forty-five feet, pe next triei (lis effect of violet gloss on pigs, and found it answered admirably. Three sows, being In a piggery topfed with glass of , (liis hue, Increased,twelve poondr almost Smiftedlutely, and a barrow pig reached an alarinfng state of obeafty even more rapidly than the sow. He (ben;experimented op an Alderney bull calf, just born and apparently dying. Coder the influence of his colored glass " the calf revived in a few hours, took to feeding with great vivacity, began to grow next day* and was lull {frown in four months." The tnvigorator may ba applied to family pur poses, and the developeuient of future genera,-,! tions marked or accounted for by the qualltr, of the glass under which tbey have bee^j "rii." The author says, "by ropflng our;" houses with violet colored glass we -can pro duce in the temperate regions the early matu rity of the <ropii(, «&d; develop* iiie ,youny.l generation, physically and Intellectuality which will bsoome a <marvel to mankind,rV He has not yetveoturad upon a test in his ownt' family, or, if «o. he has entirely forgot to record the results.-! D. D. QuzMt. J 