EASTER AMUSEMENTS. THE EASTER FAIR. As we had anticipated, Easter Monday proved the greatest holiday we have ever had on Sandhurst, if we except, perhaps, the visit of the Duke. It is questionable, however, whether that day could take the palm, because the amusements were not as general. There were more people in tho town, no doubt. Yesterday will long be remembered as one of the greatest gaiety over passed in Sandhurst, gaiety that was devoted to the best of purposes—to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, and heal the sick. The vast concourse of people which flocked into the town from all parts, and readily paid their money to see the Fair, shows that when anything first-class and unique is presented to the people of this town and district, they are ever ready to come forward; par ticularly if the proceeds are to be devoted to a good cause. Yesterday's success should encourage the Committed of the Hospital and Asylum to contiune the Easter Fair, making it every year better, and presenting on every occasion some feature of inter est and novelty. Had the rain not come down in the evening the Sandhurst Easter Fair of 1871 would not have been surpassed by any attempts to raise money for charitable purposes that ever took place in the colony, and as things have gone it can take a stand with the best of them. Yesterday morning broke rather gloomily for the prospects of a fine day ; lazy, rainy looking clouds veiled portions of the sky, and threatened soon to hide it from sight. About nine o'clock, when the town began to be lively with people pouring in from the country some few drops of rain fell, and it was feared that the Fair was doomed to be " drowned." The clouds, however, soon passed away and the sun shone out bright as ever, inspiring the pleasure seekers with fresh vigor. At this period the town was very lively indeed; from all parts of the dis- trict omnibuses and cabs came pouring in crowded with people; some absolutely, as one facetious View Point individual observed, " hanging on by the hair of their eyebrows," We are sure the cabs and 'buses never performed such quick journeys, to and fro as they did yesterday morning, seeing time was essentially money. All did well, and the "con veying" interest will certainly have no reason to regret Easter Monday. The streets were thronged with pedestrians, whoso holiday dresses formed a pleasant contrast to the usually sombre work day dresses, and the rattle of the various vehicles along the streets, reminded one of the noise and bustle of a great city. A stranger seeing the town at this stage could at once divine some event of moment to the citizens was impeding. Soon the scene was rendered doubly lively and gay by the marshalling of the various orders in several parts of the town, and strains of many bands playing spirited music mingled with the numerous other sounds of preparation for the approaching carnival. Pall Mall was crowded with gaily dressed people at an early hour, and even Hargreaves-street, usually but scantily filled with pedestrians, was as crowded as the Mall itself. The point to which in terest converged was Market-square, where the various bodies were assembling under the directions of their various marshals, who were galloping about as if a battle were impending. The music of the the bands was particularly relished by the assembled crowds, and no wonder, for two such bands as Hallas' and Northcott's are scarcely to be found in the colony. Little difficulty was experienced in getting the different bodies placed, and about eleven o'clock they marched away and took their posi tions up in the stations allotted to them. The cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Bell, rode up to the railway station, where they awaited the coming of the Governor, in conjunction with a large assemblage of citizens. THE PROCESSION. Mitchell-street at any time is not by any means the pride of Sandhurst. If the designer of the rail- way station had carefully studied how to present Sandhurst to the new arrival in its most unpro- mising and unfinished aspect, he could not possibly have fixed upon a street so singularly fitted to dis- enchant the visitor as this same Mitchell-street. It presented, however, a very tolerable aspect yester- day, lined as it was with an expectant populace, who covered many of its defects—crowding the footway, perching on the rails like so many black crows, and even concealing from view the iron ugliness of " the tanks" near the railway station. The view from the Mitchell-street bridge was, per haps, the finest that could be obtained, particu larly when the procession was moving with "banners waving, trumpets sounding" and all the street swarming with active humanity. His Excellency the Governor arrived by a special train at half-past eleven o'clock, accompanied by the Honorable Mr. Manners Sutton, the Honorable Miss Manners Sutton, and Lieutenant Rothwell, aid-de- camp. Owing to a misunderstanding some of the councillors and the marshal were not pro sent for a few minutes after His Excellency's ar- rival. The reason was this: On Saturday evening a telegram was received by Mr. Fletcher to the effect that the Governor could not arrive in Sand- hurst till twelve o'clock. Hence the arrangements, were made for that hour, and the procession , marched round View Point to give the assembled spectators a view, and to pass the time away. How- ever the Mayor was at the station in a very short time, and received His Excellency in company with Councillors M'Intyre, Garsed, Moran, Vahland, Bur- rowes, Macdougall, Holmes, the Town Clerk, the President of the Marong Shire Council, and Coun- cillors Horwood, Moore, Wallis, and Houlistan, the President of the Strathfieldsaye Shire Council, and Councillor Sibley, Grieffenhagen, and Brennan, the President of the Huntly Shire Council, and Councillors Marchett, and Sobbes, and several i members of the Mining Board, &c.; On His Excellency coming out to the carriage he was greeted with loud cheers. The Prince of Wales Light Horse then formed an escort for His Ex cellency in conjunction with a body of mounted police under Superintendent Chomley. The horses of the citizen cavalry appeared as if rather out of practice, but the troopers, as professionals should, managed their horses with commendable skill. A large crowd of people had by this time congregated, but as soon as the carriage of His Excellency began to move on there was a general stampede after it. The procossion then began to form, but it was not until it had passed Hargreaves'street that it was in thorough order: The route down Mitchell-street and the Mall was crowded with people who cheered as His Exoelloncy passed. Many of the balconies were occupied by gaily dressed ladies, who waved: their handkerchiefs as the procession passed by. In Mitchell-street there was more display of bunting- than there was in Pall Mall, although there were plenty of bare flag poles in the latter. We suppose the the flags must have all been taken to the Reserve, where there was any amount of bunting displayed. The procession having arrived at the Shamrock Hotel, His Excel lency's carriage parted from it and the Governor and suite went into the Shamrock, on the balcony of which they soon appeared amidst the crowd of ladies and gentlemen, the elite of the town, there assembled. Taking his position the corner of the balcony fronting the Bank of Australasia, His Ex- celleney was received with loud cheers by the dense throng assembled beneath, in response to which expressions of loyalty and goodwill he bowed. The party then remained to witness the procession as it defiled passed after having gone down the Mall, up Mundy-street, down Hargreaves-street, thence into Williamson-street to the Mall. The length of the procession may be guessed from the fact that when the last of it was just passing the front of the Shamrock, the first carriage effected a juncture with them. Thus the procession was the exact length of the square of two blocks—and at that time several carriages had left it. The view from the Shamrock, of the procession, was capital, as then all the incidental confusion had been rectified, and things went as smoothly as possible. It was certainly a fine procession, although that on the day of the arrival of the Prince was far superior. The first carriage was that of the Mayor in which, besides the Mayor, were Councillors M'lntyre, Macdougall, and Burrowes. The Prince of Wales Light Horse preceded the carriage of His Excellency, which contained the Governor, the Honorable Mr. Manners Sutton and the Honorable Miss Manners Sutton. A carriage con taining Mr. M'Lachlan P.M., and Cr. Garsed followed. Then came carriages in which were the representatives of the Eaglehawk, Marong, Huntly, and Strathfieldsaye Councils, the Mining Board, the Fire Brigade, and Messrs. Thunder and D. Stuart, gentlemen on the committee of both charitable institutions. Hallas's band filled up a gap very pleasantly, and poured forth plenty of enlivening music. The Friendly Societies came next, "their banners waving in the wind," and a good impression they give of the cohesiveness of the Sandhurst middle-class people, and the importance of these societies. The following bodies of the different orders of Oddfellows and Fores- ters—M.U.I.O O.F. - A.O.F., and G.U.O.O.F, — wore strongly represented in procession : — Loyal Catherine, Catherine, Royal Oak, Court Queen of the Forest, Court Bendigo, and Court Alexandra. Between the Catherine and Royal Oak Lodges was Northcott's Band, by many called "the bell-topper band," because all the members wore that description of hat. However, the band played splendidly, better than we have ever heard it play before, and Hallas's Bind had better look out for its laurels. After the Foresters and Odd fellows came the Independent Order of Rechabites, who put in a most creditable appearance. The Rechabite Band, a set of neat little fellows who play the flute and drum excellently, and are nicely attired, accompanied the Rechabites. The main feature of the procession, however, followed, and that was tlie St. Andrew's Society. This society never before put in so creditable an appearance, and certainly we have not the slightest hesitation in stating that they appeared to greater advantage than any other body in the procession. They had scarves of Royal Stuart tartan, and wore Highland caps, while many of them were dressed in Highland costume. We particularly noticed Mr. Buick's dress as exceedingly good. The Irish Australian Society followed. They were green scarves fringed with yellow, as if mingling the two colors which have caused much dissension in Ireland. Then followed the Bendigo Deutscher Verein, bearing the victorious red, black, and yellow flag of the victorious Germans. There was also the smaller flag of the Leidertaful. This closed the procession. Mr. John Stewart was the Grand Marshal, and he performed his duties exceedingly well. He received valuable assistance from the following subsidiary Marhsals:—Oddfellows, Bro. Lester; St. Andrew's Society, Mr. Miller; Bendigo Verein, Mr. Schutze, Irish Australian Society, Mr. O Connor. THE OPENING CEREMONY. About half-past twelve o'clock His Excellency escorting the Mayoress, followed by the Mayor with the Honorable Miss Manners Sutton, left the Shamrock Hotel, in company with the suite and a number of ladies and gentlemen, and proceeded to the Bazaar. On entering the Bazaar His Excel lency passed through a bevy of the fairest of the youthful fair of Sandhurst, with Miss Maroney and Miss Gale at their head, all tastily attired in white, and passed to the dais erected at tho northern end of the building, the band playing, "God Save the Queen." His Excellency having been seated The Mayor said he had the pleasure and honor of introducing to tho assemblage His Excellency the Governor, who had come here to inaugurate their Easter Fair. They were aware His Excellency had come here to the disadvantages of social arrange ments. All know that at holiday time people wished to spend their holidays in their, own way, from tho Queen to tho poorest citizen, and therefore they could estimate the sacrifice the Governor had made. When this Fair was mooted the Borough Council had thought that the presence of His Excel- lency would give a lustre and success to the under taking, and they had authorised the Town Clork to write inviting the Governor to the Fair. The reply was that His Excellency had made certain engage ments for all the time during the Easter Holidays, and could not attend. However, the Council be lieved that His Excellency did not exactly compre hend the object of the Fair, and that if it was represented to him that its purpose was to re lieve suffering humanity, he would at once come. A deputation was therefore sent down to Melbourne, and they explained to His Excellency that this Fair was a great effort, the greatest ever made in the district, to raise funds for the benefit of the sick, the poor, and the suffering portion of humanity. His Excellency at once saw the importance of the movement. (Hear, hear.) He took two hours to consider the matter. The result they all know would be favourable, as he had only taken this time to re-arrange his engagements in Melbourne. He was now here to open their bazaar. (Applause.) He deserved their thanks and gratitude for the sacrifice he had made to render the Fair a success. One thing he would.mention—that if the ladies of Bendigo had known earlier that they would have the honor of the presence of the Honorable Miss Manners-Sutton they would have prepared a wel come for her which would make her feel pleasure in coming to Sandhurst again. (Applause.) The secretary would read an address from the com- mittee to His Excellency: . Mr. J. A. Woodward then read the following address:— "To the Right, Honorable John Henry Thomas, Viscount Canterbury, of the City of Canterbury, in the County of Leicester, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Knight Commander of the most Honorable Order of the Bath, Governor and Commander-in-Chief in and over the Colony of Victoria, &c.;, &c.;—May it please Your Excellency,—We, the committee of management of the Sandhurst Easter Fair, gladly avail ourselves of the opportunity afforded by your Excellency's visit to testify for ourselves, and on behalf of the residents in Sandhurst, Eaglehawk, and the county of Bendigo, our loyal attachment to Her Majesty the Queen, of whose wise and benefi- cent rule your Excellency is, in this colony, the worthy representative. We desire, moreover, earnestly to express our thanks to you for your kindness in presiding at the inaugura tion of the present festival, the object of which is to aid the funds of the Bendigo Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, institutions which owe their origin to: local philanthropy, but which dispense help to the sick and needy from beyond local boundaries. Notwithstanding the generous support which has ever been given to those institutions by local subscriptions and dona tions, their means have; generally speaking, been inadequate—but especially they are so now—to meet the demands upon them; and the aid they have received from the State has not always been commensurate with the benefits which they have conferred upon the community. The management of these kindred institution - the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum— has always been attended with great anxiety to the respective committees, who have had to meet increasing demands upon them with inadequate means, and, after much con sultation, it appeared to the committees that, by some great effort, and an appeal in form to the benevolence of the district, substantial aid might be obtained. Hence arose the idea of establishing an Easter Fair, and, by bringing together objects of interest and amusement; of providing an attraction to the inhabitants of the district by which the means of rational and pleasing recreation could be afforded, to the great benefit at the same time of the funds of the Hospital and Asylum. The com mittee recognises with gratitude the noble response which their appeal has met with from all classes— from rich and poor, from old and young; and not the least pleasing of their duties is to acknowledge in this public manner the great kindness of your Excellency—no doubt at some personal inconveni ence—in attending this day, and so, as they believe, crowning with success tho great effort they are now making in the sacred cause of Charity.—GEORGE ASPINALL (Chairman). J. A. WOODWARD, JAMES BURNSIDE (Secretaries). Mr. Aspinall then presented the address to His Excellency. , In reply. His Excellency spoke as follows:—Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen, pre- existing engagements, and other circumstances prevented, as you are aware, my immediate acceptance of your invitation to be present on this occasion, but I have always retained a very pleasing recollection of my former; visits to Sandhurst, and I feel the greatest pleasure in having been able to revisit your district to-day, because I recognise the widespread utility of the institutions for the support of which you have or ganised this gathering, and I would not willingly withold my co-operation. Gentleman, I thank you heartily for your welcome, and in accordance with your desire I now declare this Fair to be open. (Cheers.) His Excellency then, with his suite and the ladies and gentlemen present, inspected the Fair, and submitted to the usual victimising. The honorable Miss Manners Sutton appeared to prove an easy prey to the blandishments of the sirens of the bazaar, and tho honorable Mr. Manners Sutton and Lieutenant Rothwell fared little better. The inspection lasted for a good while, and the party expressed themselves exceedingly well pleased with the bazaar. They left at last, fairly laden with trophies of their visit to the fair, quite as much lis thoy could conveniently carry. THE LUNCHEON. On leaving the Reserve, His Excellency and the honorable Miss Manners Sutton proceeded to the Town Hall, where luncheon bad been provided by the Mayor, we learn that the other guests, num bering between thirty and forty, included the various representatives of the neighboring borough and shire councils, His Honor Judge Macoboy, the hon. Minister of Mines, Mr. Burrowes, M.P., Mr. L. M'Lachlan, P.M., and other officials connected with the district. The usual loyal toasts were proposed by the Mayor, who also proposed the health of His Excellency, to which the latter responded, and in return gave success to the district of Bendigo and to the Easter Fair. Mr. Aspinall, J.P., as Chair man of the Fair Committed, responded, and Mr. Mackay, as one of the representatives of the dis trict, also replied. His Excellency and suite departed for Melbourne by special train at half-past two o'clock. THE BAZAAR. The building in which the Fancy Bazaar is held is not high enough for the length, and hence on entering, the visitor is somewhat confused with the variety of different objects which meet his view, in what appears a small space. The centre of the building is devoted to a promenade, while on each side there are alcoves which form stalls. In the open space the wheedling sirens of the Bazaar ply their avocations and drag their victims into the recesses where it will be a matter for wonder if they depart until they have paid the last farthing. In the middle of the building there is a pretty fountain, the design being a boy holding a swan, and the base is very prettily designed in quartz. To describe the stalls would be such a labor that we gave it up at one glance as vanity. Indeed, every variety of artlele is to be found there, from a needle to an anchor. So soon as His Excellency declared the bazaar open there was at once a rush made by the differ ent fair ones at the specimens of rougher humanity Which were present, aud the result must have been very good indeed. The ball was thinly attended and there was no chance of evasion. However, in a short time the bazaar was crowded to excess, and the ladies must have pursued their avocations under great difficulties. The press was so great that the place became too hot, as some had pre viously found it in another sense, so that at times it was almost distressing. But the worst of the press must have been that a ready refuge was afforded for those persecuted creatures, the bachelors. If one of this fraternity saw a fair seductive one making towards him, intent on charitable plunder, he could, without any trouble, place some solid, stolid, fat lady of forty between them, and retreat. Some of the gentlemen went with the large amount of sixpence on them in hopes they would escape. However, this was of no avail for credit was given, and the would-be- sharp one found himself worse off than if he had gone in with a little money. Despite all subterfuges, the ladies made great havoc of the gentlemen's purses as the receipts will show, and had the weather held out they would have done a roaring trade in tho evening, One of the greatest attractions was the wheel of fortune kept by Mr. Buick, and many a funny present did this same wheel make, to the great amusement of the crowd around, and to the discomfiture of the recipient if he wens bashful. The singing bird was not ex hibited until late, so we cannot say much about it. The great feature of the bazaar was raffles, find the number of these were legion. The price was generally a shilling, so that there was no escape; had it been half a crown some decent protest of extortion or poverty could have been pleaded, but a shilling-why, the man who couldn't afford it, must be something be yond a name. But like the torture of the Inqui sition, which consisted of drops of water falling steadily without these cessation, these shillings become pounds very quickly. However, all went there to spend, and were well satisfied. The pur- chased, which some made, or rather were forced to make, or the prizes which they drew in lotteries, caused a great deal of sport. For instance, a con- firmed old batchelor was seen gravely walking out of the bazaar with two dolls and a hairpin, while single ladies, of a certain age, his articles of infan- tine dress away to escape being laughed at. The more fun, however, was the result. The great crowd of people which kept streaming in and out of the bazaar rendered very close, observance impos sible, but so far as we saw, we thought it a real credit for the time thus has been taken in its pro duction. The several stalls were presided over by ladies. We give the names of those we could hear of:—Mesdames Woodward, J. Watson, D. Stuart, Reeve, Von der Heyde, Heffer nan, Sayer, Ross, Henderson, Latham, and Misses Gay (2), Maroney, Reeve, Gale, K. Roberts, &c.;, &c.; All were most assiduous in dis posing of their wares, and it will be seen they suc- ceeded very well. We must not omit to mention Mrs. Moore Hill and Mrs. Kennedy, who kept the refreshment stall, and drew more business than any others in the Fair. We commend them as the bent amateurs we have ever seen. To be victimised by them is certainly a pleasure. RICHARDSON'S SHOW. Next to the Fancy Fair, Richardson's Show was the great feature of the Fair—certainly it was the most unique of the two. The amateurs who took part in the performance never exerted themselves so much, so well, or with such results as on this occasion. Talk of overflowing houses—it was a succession of overflowing houses every ten minutes. In the first three performances of "The Thirst for Blood," by the Histrionic Club, they absolutely netted, in the small building, £40, in perhaps a little over half a hour. The Sandhurst Philhar- monic Club were equally successful. Indeed, no one could resist going in when he saw the funny tricks of a certain electric gentleman, who shall be nameless, who in a brigand hat and painted to imitate an Indian devil, made more fun outside for nothing than we have often seen inside a theatre for five shillings. "The History of Blood " is a fearful tragedy, in five acts, of a few minutes duration, wherein Mr. Booty, as the sailor lover, rescues his beloved ten times, is attacked by the ruffian (whose better, as the heavy Victoria Theatre villain, we have hardly seen) twenty times, kills four men in two minutes, and is rescued at last by the ghost of the once vengeful parlent (Mr. Carsa). The piece, which is by Mr. Booty himself, is of course a glorious absurdity, as it should be, but it is played so quickly that no one can help splitting his sides at it. "Richard-the-Third," as played by the Philanthropic Club, was rather too much after the legitimate at first, but they improved on it. Mr. Morgan, the niggers, and the Glee Club drew good houses when their turn came during the evening. The show, on the whole, was a wonder ful success, and every credit must be given to the amateurs, who, for nothing, strut their hours upon the mimic stage that the noble cause of charity may be benefited. They deserve the warmest com mendation. MISCELLANEOUS. Dotted all over the ground were tents of all de- scriptions, wherein amusement of refreshment was to be found. Mr. Harry Stanley had a booth which was devoted to acrobatism, and he was suc- cessful in obtaining a good share of the public support. Our old friend did the "walk in, gentle- men" in his customary style, and attracted a great concourse of people. The Victoria Diorama Com- pany had their apparatus on the ground, and many a one had a peep at the wonders said to be revealed. Professor Schlamm also did wonders in his way. Of the wheels of fortune, the merry go rounds, the Aunt Sally's, et hoc id genus omne. "What need be said? -Is not their description written in each newspaper that narrates a racing event, or a picnic, and wherefore take up space here about thein. Suffice to say that people paid and played and went away satisfied. Of the various refreshment booths we will say nothing, except that all did a great trade, and that was what they were for. THE ATTENDANCE. The threatening character of the morning un doubtedly kept a good many people away for a while, and hence the number of people in town by eleven o'clock was by no means so large as it was between two and three. When the sun shone out the people took courage and came into town, between one and half-past three the space bewteen the fence and the creek was densely packed with people, and at one time there could not be loss than 15,000 present. At this time, when the fun was at its height, a person could stand on the platform of the Richardson's Show, when the amateurs were indulging in buffooneries and gaze upon a sea of upturned faces, nearly as far down as the creek. When the sport started the crowd began to spread the whole flat be came alive with the moving multitude. At this time the view from the pavilion on the hill was really one of the gayest, and liveliest that could be imagined. Moving people, waving banners, the sounds of music and many voices, and the rapidly shifting panorama combined to create a scene that must be difficult to forget. The whole number of people who paid, so far, as could be made out last night was close on 20,000, a large number being children. Had it not: been for the unpropitious weather the number would have been one third larger at least. About half-past three the sky began to darken slowly as the clouds steadily thickened, and it was soon seen the evening would be a wet one. Many persons began to move off home, but even until dark, although the rain was falling, there was a very large crowd. In the evening there was not a bad attendance at the bazaar although it was raining torrents. The committee shut up every thing at ten o'clock. What the institutions lost by this unseasonable fall of rain is diflicult to estimate; it could not, at all events, be under £700. THE SPORTS. The public we treated to the most varied entertainments, and those who preferred manly exercises were catered for under the hill, where several sports, under the superintendence of Mr. Robertson, Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Doyle, and other gentlemen, took place. For their impromptu nature, they were pretty successful, and there was a very good attendance of the public to witness them. The following is the programme:— Quoits—A. Smith, first prize, £2; C. Conn, second prize, £1. Conn used to be always success ful at this sport, but this time he was beaten by Smith. There were eleven entries. Three standing jumps—J. Marsh, first prize, £1 10s; G. Paterson, second prize, 15s. Marsh jumped 35 feet. The entries were four. Handicap face, three events; open to all corners; first event, 120 yards; second event, 200 yards. First prize £5; second prize £2; third prize, £1. C. Gray, 1; C. Osborne, 2; W. Gunn, 3. These events were well contested, the positions being the same in each. To- day's running off for the last event will hardly alter matters, unless Gray gets third place, which is hardly likely. The entries for this race were five, and the competitors-were handicapped as follows: First event—Osborne, scratch; C. Gray, 2 yards; Lewis, 1 yards; J. Mil- burn, 7 yards. Socond event—Osborne, scratch; Gray, 3 yards; Gunn, 6 yards; Lewis, 8; yards; Milburn, 8 yards. Vaulting with pole.—G. Paterson, first prize, £1 10s.; G. Robertson, second prize, 10s. There were six entries. Maiden race, 200 yards.—G.- Rochefort; first prize, £1; J. Macnamara, second prize, 10s. A special prize of 10s. was given to Macnamara by Mr. D. R. Morrison, President of the St. Andrew's So ciety, as he was dissatisfied with the award of the Standing High Jump.—J. Marsh, first prize, £1; G. Paterson, second prize, 10s. Marsh jumped 4 feet 4 inches. Youths' nice, Under fourteen years of age, 200 yards.—A. Waugh, first prize, 10s ; A. Sally, second prize; 5s. Special prizes of 2s 6d. and 1s. were given for boys, and they were won by the same as in the event above, only the positions were reversed. Several of the events did not come off, owing to the rain and the late hour of beginning. RESULTS. The results of the Grand Easter Fair, so far, are of the most encouraging nature, and if it were not for the unfortunate fall of rain there can be no doubt but that the success would have been unprecedented in the annals of the colony. The amount realised at the gates was £612 15s 10d. The entrance money to the bazaar amounted to £139 1s. 10d., and the various other sports realised £877 0s. 5d., making alto gether a total of £1,628 18s. 1d. This is a splendid result, but it must not be forgotten that the com mittee, have gone to great expense, and the above would only just clear them. Hence, it is to be hoped, in order that a substantial benefit may be reaped by our noble benevolent institutions that to-day will be fine, and the fair will be even better patronised than it was yesterday. If so the poor and sick of the Bendigo district will long bless THE EASTER FAIR. A PRUSSIAN SPRY.—A correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette inside Parish states:— "Paris, has been very much astonished to learn that one of its pet heroes, Sergeant Hoff, was in reality a Bavarian lieutenant who was playing the part of a spy. For a long time Hoff was the object of universal admiration. General Trochu conferred the Legion of Honor upon him having slain over 30 Prussians, General Schmitz gave him an official bulletin, and he was inter- viewed by journalists. Hoff generally used to go out alone at night, and bring back muskets in proof of the amount of business he had performed. In looking back at some notes, I find that when this wily gentleman went out with a party he generally advanced alone, and the Prussian post was soon heard scampering off. On the 2nd of December, Hoff, much to the grief of his comrades, disappeared, and the Government was greatly blamed for having allowed such a valuable man to go into action like a common mortal. In some quarters it was considered that Hoff should have replaced Trochu. When it was supposed that he had fallen, a subscription was raised for his disconsolate ' widow,' which was carried to that lady with the greatest respect by four officers (remind one of Monsieur Malbrook's funeral). To the astonishment of the military deputation, the first exclamation of the bereaved one on seeing men in uniform enter her apartment was, I didn't know he was a Prussian till the other day, Tableau." 