GEHKfiAl 5EW8. Mr. Richmond Moore Traeey, locker of Cos turns, Melbourne, proceeds to Portland as clerk and landing waiter (fourth datsV is loom of Mr. T. Boeh. The bargee Springbok hat ruled for Fiji from Melbonrne with numerous passengers, 145 bead of lire stock, and amongst her catgo a steam launch for the island trade. A child, sine month* old, whose parents hv* at Cadgee, baa been killed by a portion of a head of pnrie grass getting into its lunge. It appeared to hare completely destroyed the right lone. On Saturday the permissive dame of the Betail of Fermented »nd Spirituous iiqnon Begolatiun Bill was carried in committee of tit Se* Soatb Wales Lecialatjve Assembly bv a majority of twenty to fifteen. Mr. Alexander McDonald informs the Crei teicfr Advertiser that be has jo»t finished hU threshing, the result of which was nine bags ol wheat (rom 220 acres of cultivated land. A well-informed Scotch newtiaper states that Her Majesty hat became a member of the Scutch Church. She received the Holy Com munion at the parish church of Crathie in No* vember. Her Majesty supplied a silver service for tbe communion. A girl of fourteen, named Hope, has just been convicted at Ararat for petty larceny. The local journal says : — Though young in years, tbis child ib old in crime. Some two yean ago she robbed a litlle child of a pair of new boom, and then threw her down a shaft some fifteen feet deep. Fortunately the child was disco vered, and it* life saved, though the poor litlle creators was sadly braised by its fall. A fatal a^VldMit fvwwt-rwi nn ^afnntsp tA \f n Thomas Hoimes, of Strathneldsave. It ap peared that she had come to Sandhurst to see b*r husband off, who was goiog to England to see souse of his friends ; and after accompanying him to tbe railway station, the left in her out) spring-cart for Straiiinelasaye- On her way home tbe horse bolted, and she was thrown out, and the wbcel passed over her Deck, causing death. Another garotter underwent the punishment of the lash in the Meiboarae Gaol on Tuesday. Hie nune was John M'Donald, and be was con victs! at the recent etrtinffs of th*- f?onpr&l; S**. sions ui assaulting ^^d rubbing a man named Tnornun, m Litile B .urke-rtreet, on -'e» Year's Eve. Tne number of lashes was tifty, whicti tiie prisoner bore with great stoicism, th nvh the quivetiog of bis muscles and the ap pearance oi Bis back-bone witness that he must have severed severely. We iearn that toe botelkeepers of Talbot have hie upon a somewhat novel expedient to mark their objections to tbe dosing of pnblic buuses on Sunday. They have determined to keep theu- bouses rigidly clueed for four succes sive Sabbaths, and nut to supply a dnnk to any person — traveller or otherwise — no matter how much it may be required. By being thus arbi trary they think toey will more clearly demon strate the absurdity of hotels being closed all Sunday by Act of Parliament The Arjus says the sentence of twelve months' imprisonment, passed on Hayward, the late rate collector of Fitzroy, is a farce. One year in gaol, if a prisoner behaves well, prac tically means eight months, so that at the end of that period Hay ward may be let out to enjoy the £3-M) which £.e has embezzled. Should the technical point reserved ip his favour, namely, that he was a contractor not a servant of the Cloned, be upheld by the Supreme Court, Hay ward « ill escape wubout any punishment what ever. On Saturday last a little girl, about nine years old, daughter of Edward Bellairs, was drowned in tne Eiward River at Uorto Deniliquin. She mother bid her bathe her head with cold water, bat un no account to go into the river, on the north bank of which BeLUirs lived. However, the child went into the river, got out of her depth, and was drowned before she could be saved by tbe mother. A singular idea had taken boid of the child — she said, tbe week before her death, that she should like to die of a Saturday and be buried on a Sunday, as was Ler late schoolfellow, Phillip Haxall, recently killed by lightning. The poor girl bad her visit —she was drowned on Saturday, and buried on Sunday last. The BoUorat Courier reports a case of gross cruelty to a child. A boy, eight years of age, was found chained by the leg to a bedpost, the chain being securely fastened by a lock. On removing bis clothes, bis back was found braised to a fearful extent, and tbe poor child bore evi dence in every way of bad usage and hard keep ing. Tne coostable secured a heavy leather sirap with which his mother used to beat him. She is a dissipated woman, and when drinking would warn tne child not to tell his father ; but when asked by his father, be told tbe truth, and was then beaten by his mother for not telling lies. What do such mothers deserve * last week in Sale, tne sleep-walker being a little girl about utn years of age. The child was heard to get up at an early hour of the moro iug, and go oat of tbe room. The father fol lowed her as far as Mr. WOsalcy'e, the shoe maker, where she knocked at the door and inquired for her latber. Finding be was not there, she immediately turned back to home, lifted the latch in the most methodical manner, and returned to her bed. On waking tbe fol lowing morning the little sumnambalut pre serveu no reculieclion of her eccentricity of the previous night. Her father informs us that a younger brother oi the girl h»B shown symptoms of sleep-walking, he having been observed to walk out of his bed, unconsciouily, of course, to a lolly-case, and help himself to tbe contents. Some further particulars of the fatal accident to William George Higgiags, who died in the hospital on Saturday, are given by tbe Dayles ford Mercury, 9th February. After his leg had been drawo into the threshing-machine by tbe drum, nearly half an hoar elaused before the limb could be extricated. It was necessary to take the machine to pieces to liberate bun, and it was then found that the left foot had been torn off, and the leg fearfully lacerated. 01 course the haemorrhage was fearful, and it con tinued till he reached tbe Daylesford Hospital, nine or ten miles distant. Upon bis arrival, stimulants were administered, and when be had sufficiently recovered from the state of collapse, amputation above the knee was performed by the resident surgeon, assisted by Dr. M 'In tyre. Tbe patient rallied for a short time, bat the lass of blood previous to bis admission was such that he sunk and died the same evening. A most determined suicide st Muroon is re n.rt^il Kit tlia f}nln* Uamvti/t m Tli « m.J ? ?* evening last. John Skelton, aged fifty-two, a splitter, living at Mnroon, went to Birregurra, and returned home last evening in a very ex cited state, asking bis wife where the strych nine was. She told him she did not know, and he commenced to search for it ; and finding it in a box, be deliberately put tbe contents of tbe bottle (about 10 gr.) on the palm of bis hand, and swallowed it, washing it down with a cop of tea. Tetanic convulsions immediately set in, and in less than ten minutes after taking the Btrychnine be expired in great agony. He leaves a widow and seven children, tbe young est being quite an infant. An inquest was held on Saturday, when the jury retarned A verdict that deceased died from tbe effects of a poison ous d--se of strychnine, swallowed while in a state of temporary insanity. The Album Banner says an incident of an unusual character occurred a few days ago at Bjyle's Hotel at Howling. Some rum being wanted in the bar. Mr. Boyle went down into a cellar with a decanter, which be proceeded to fill at a. cask. Having placed tbe decanter under tbe Up, which teas set running, Mr. Boyle tilted up the cask, and in doing so pro duced a sudden outflow of liquor. Some splashes from tbis must have caught fire at the match which Mr. Boyle was huldiug in his band, for iu an instant tbe tire rushed into the cask and ignited the content*. An explosion like tbe bursting of a bombshell immediately followed, and a splinter of tbe shattered cask was driven into Mr. Boyle's wrist. Fortunately, no other harm was done beyond tbe whole household being considerably soared by the roar of tbe explosion and the light of tbe flames which ehot out from the cellar for a few snuments. Sume very good sport Jvas experienced (says the Cleveland Bay Exprea) by Mr. P. Thistle thwayte, Dr. Cullaghaii, and some others, who succeeded in bagging *u alligator. Mr. Thistle thwayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. CaHaghau's cottage, overlooking the crack, saw an alligator swim to the apposite bank. Mr. Thistletbwayte and Dr, Oallaghan crossed over in * uuuty and were joined by a fisherman. They managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without diBturbiog him, and the fisherman, armed with a shoe aon, and Mr. Thistletbwayte, with a rifle, both gred; tbe latter hit him jurt behind the fore arm, and the reptile crawled three or four naoes into tbe water, leaving bis tail erjMted ©a {he bank, Tnettr«*«J-ortaenraalw4aiaud seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and s most exciting straggle took place. The saurian made nrsge but ineffective attempts to bite bis persecutors, who courageously stock to bis tail, while others beat him about tbe bead witb sticks until he gave np the ghost. Wfaea it was ascertained that he was quite dead, he was towed across tbe creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. The local correspondent of the Baliarat Star writes ?- — ' A somewhat singular case was tried at the Skipton Police Court on Friday, before Captain Fatco, R.N., P.M., and Mr. James AitkenJ.P. The facts of tbe case appear to be, that a short time ago an inquest bad been held at the Ripon Hotel, Skipton, before the district coroner, Mr. T. Hopper, on the body of a woman, about sixty-five years of age, named Charlotte Doe, who had for several years previous lived with an aged paralytic man, earned William Wright, a stonemason, the woman being commonly known as Mrs. Wright. On the 18th January, about six o'clock in the evening, the woman, in a state of intoxication nothing unusual on her part, went to the Ripon Hotel, where she complained of her head being ill The landlady examined the woman's head, and, observing nothing wrong, advised her to lie down for a while in one of the rooms The woman did so, and being unfit to go away that night, was allowed to remain. Next morning she was found dead in the room. The police becoming acquainted with the matter, at once went to the man Wright, who admitted that on the previous day he had had an alterca tion with the deceased, but said that she attacked him with the saucepan, where upon he, in self-defence, lifted the crutch which he uses and struck her on the side of the head. The post-mortem examination, which was made by Dr. Hoskins, revealed an extensive fracture of deceased's skull ; but notwithstanding the medical evidence, the jury returned a verdict exhonerating Wright from culpability in the matter. The police authorities, disapproving of the verdict, arraigned Wright at the police court aforesaid, on a charge of manslaughter, and he was committed for trial at the next Ballarat Circuit Court. The prisoner was admitted to bail.' At the close of the Castlemaine Circuit Court on Saturday, tbe following sentences were passed in ca«s we hare previously noticed : — iionura Brovu, coovicted of arson, was sen tenced to eight months' imprisonment. Henry trailer, late secretary ol a Forresters' court at Davlesfonl. for embezzling the funds of tut society, was sentenced to three years' hard Ubour. George Leonard, found guilty of an extensive series of faLoticattone and forgery committed with the view of being able to bold the position of schoolmaster at Dry Diggings, from which he had been dismissed wa* sent to gaol for three years and seven months. The Croan Prosecutor, in putting this singular case to the jury, read a letter purporting to be signed by Kichard Turner, correspondent for tbe Dry Digging's Common School. The letter set out that Leonard had sued him ior £12 10s lor work done in the school, for which an order had been obtained with £1 IDs costs. The letter further contained a receipt purporting to be a receipt from Me Geake as attorney for Leonard for tne £U, and asking tne board iu reluod tae money to Mr. Turner. This was all false, and a orgerv. I.eana.rti v-ju Htnmiafi^ fur cnvim- false returns, and bad written to tbe board id Mr. Turner's name, stating a Mr. Hickey was appointed in Leonard's stead. TLii Hickey Has s dummy set up by Leonard. Tile pruuner had also, in a correspondence with tae Board ol Edncation, represented that public mretiogb Bad been held expressing symiiatfcy witb Leo uard for his dismissal, mythical chairmen had presided. Leonard was a letter earner also, and, by intercepttug the letters, was able us carry on a lively correspondeoce w^th tbe fitjard of Education. He had nominated M r. Hickey as bis successor on tbe part of tbe board, bat had remained himseli at the schooL Mr. Klkington, the ius|iector ol school*, visited the school and found Leonard still there, but an old man was introduced to him as Hickey by Leonard, but on Mr. Elkingtou asking Hickey — whose real name was Hurley — to put the third class through the grammar lesson, it was seen that Hurley alias Hickey did nut know ffbere the third class was, and the fraud was out. (Laughter.) 