THK G HUS3T UK C0B15EIT TO THE PEOPLE OF VICTORIA. (JltNCl.l.'SIO.n.J i'l'PO 1 ratio is reciprocity ot advan tage bptwecn two countries of opposite or different producing powers, or natural products. But where is tlip reciprocity, if England refuses yon the marhet for your wines, your r.usins, figs, and olives ? These you ought to have in readiness, had you but opened your eyes to the treasures beneath your feet. Read Fenelon's "Tele- mnane." and spo how far yon are be- hind him. He, too, was a Free Trader, but always bear in mind that he and bis school ever presupposed matured industries in each country, without which, and without a mutual ratio and balance of tariff between ns and England, the vaunted "recipro city" is, as said the witty Irishman, pretendinsr to blunder into a bull, " all n one side !" As to mining, England has coal mines. Those assist her manufactures. Her iron is worth all our gold. Fene- lon makes his " Boeotians" make their gold into ploughshares ! How would England act, think you, if she had gold mines? Why, not exactly a la Fenelon — gold ploughshares were rather comins- it stronsr : but she would either keep them entirely in the hands of the Crown, or, like Spain and Portu gal,- not work them at all. For, when agriculture and manufactures became entirely ignored, the nation becomes filled with mere working machines for the good of other nations. This we are now. Beware, my good friends, of spoiling a man to make a good machine ! What makes the criminal 1 Want, horrid want, is often the imme diate cause. What is the parent of want ? A barren manhood, arising from a wasted, neglected, or misspent youth. Want of employment, and of varied forms of handy self-reliance and habi tual self-help, is to the son of the poor man what want of education is to the son of a gentleman. Both equally tend to a barren, vacant manhood; both make inevitable the want that idleness has deepened by the artificial cravings she has fostered ; both lead to crime, which the one endures with ooggea suuenness, tne otner palliates with polished sophistry — but, gentle- born or clod, both alike leave the gaol the persistent foes of society for their remaining lives. I do not, mind you, my good Vic torian friends, insist on privileges, or encouragements to trading companies, &c.;, being necessarily good things in themselves. Far from it. But, I say, that no time should be lost when you once perceive an industry of your land under your very feet lying idle from neglect, and any machinery should be seized on that is practicable. For in stance, the Marquis de Pombal, in the last century, when Portugal was very sluggish, and her people without any enterprise, ascertained that the wine of the province of the Douro (Golie) was altogether suited to the British palate, — indeed, it was rapidly growing into favor. Bentley, when he first tasted port, left off claret, saying, " It would be port if it could." Pombal establisbed " The Royal Douro Wine Company ranted them powers for the selection j acce of exports ; in short, gave them a Silte «»u mm position. Pombal acted for himself. He con sulted the good of a large section of his owd country, and lie gained his point, viz., the enrichment of the province of the Douro. You can improve on his policy, cer tainly. I, for one, would wish a plan far more comprehensive and adapted to the present condition of Victoria. All the land north of the Dividing Ranges may be regarded, for all practical purposes, as tbe pro vince of the Douro in Victoria. Enrich that, und you enrich the whole. You add to wealth a population of solid, working, and self-respecting yeo men. I have neither time nor inclina tion to go minutely into Pomhal's general policy, but, with all his faults, he was not what you Victorians are rapidly becoming — tbe mere tool of another country. How much richer should we he had the money squandered and gambled sway on gold mines been devoted to the industries that constitute a nation's real wealth 1 I would rather have a Pembal among us, with all his'faults, than purblind statesmen, fit only, like Donald, to "get. up an' be hangit," who idiotically sacrifice to their clannish fidelity, or, rather, to their oriental loyalty, both themselves, their fellows, and the land they misrule. Could you, good Victorians, by the way, talking of old fashions, succeed in abolishing the clumsy old royalty, and place tbe digger, farmer, and vine- grower on tne same looting i \juuu- dent am I that tbe last will survive in the long run. A permanent source of wealth is to- the fiuctua'.ions of gamb ling as the cool, steady strength of a wise and sober athlete to tbe frantic an'd "frenzied alternations of intermittent fever, of mania, or of intoxication, in the unhappy inmate of a hospital, asylum, or prison cell. Now, I should like to see a national hank of issue in connection with your mint. This would not only destroy the undue Eoliticnl influence that the foreign anks have over your industrial pur suits, hut would keep'the profits— now sometimes enormous— in your own country. Life insurances should in a country new like yours be under Go vernment guarantee. This need not necessarily exclude private capitalists front enjoying their share of the profits. The granting of annuities should be in cluded in such Government guarantee, or, more simply, the nation should be made n guarantee society. Captain Marryat in one of his funny novels makes a lad act as clerk to an old, illiterate, humbont woman at Cbat- Jiom. When afterwards he enters the spacious office of a regular and most respectable navy agent, he is surprised at his own stock of knowledge. '"Tis but bumboating on a larger scale!" Now, rnv Victorian friends, this is what you and Messrs. Francis and Co. can learn, but won't. A nation can r.o more prosper without good bookkee - ing limn can a merchant's counting- huuse or a chandler's shop. The Italian method of double-entry is so simple, that every child in the humblest school can be taught it, and thus be made to grow up and become an auditor of public accounts without any windy, frothy declamation. Make your sons good arithmeticians and bookkeepers — no good actuary or accountant can ever want : and train them thus to hold the keys of the prosperity of your adopted land. I must new say good bye, for I have other avocations elsewhere, which you cannot understand, and wouldn't care about if you could. Suffice it that I'm comfortable, and I will take an interest in working men. I continue, as on earth, to respect goodness, find it where I may ; to honour intellect when dissevered from vice; but never more so than when, with decency and firm fearlessness, the courage that knows not rage, it braves and admonishes the strong and the rich of their duties to their struggling juniors and dependents- — Your humble servant, WM. COBBETT. 