WOESHIP Oh' TTrlE GEUCIFIX. In oiu; hist we gaA'e onr readers a specimen of the idolatry which is observed in all Eoinish elinrclies on Goad Fridays, iu tlie Avorship of the ci-oas. We have no doubt tliatsonieof our friends were astonisliecl, and could scarcely believe that Ave wore giving facts. ITio idolatry ' i.s so palpable and SilOUlvUig, DlUlb lu bUCiiis ciiiiiuftt iiinjuaftiuit; that it could be perpetrated in this nine- teenth century, in the face of Protestant light, arid in the name of the holy religion of the New Te.stameut. But the fact is so ; and iiothiiig is plainer demonstration that our Protestant people require to awake to tlie need of consistency and zeal, . on their part, in the .spreading of the truth — -in the tujqressive spreading of the truth, than the existence, of snch idolati-y in their midst. We ii.sk them — Is it not their duty to find orit, to expose, and denounce sucli idolatry ? To call such idolatry o'cUgion is an abiise of teiiris.: To call such idolatry ike o-eligionof -Christ' is to insnlt the in telligence of the humblest understanding. To Ciili fi.ueh iiloliitry the religion of the New Testament— i\\\G religion vvliicli the apostles taught; and Avhicli the' early churches of Christ practised—is' not only to libol the New 'Testament, but to proA'e tlurt tho book has never been read Avitb honest cdrisideration. Hoav is it, therefore,, that those ;aV1io pretend to a'alue the Scrip tures, iirid To make them tlie only infallible teacher of- truth, are so uriAvilling and fear ful, Avhen ; cliey are summoned to their duty, Avliicii the Scrqitures impose upon them us their first duty, a'iz.,. to expose the delusions by Avhicli the Eomanists around tlicin are held in boiulago, and to press upon thciu the haller vmy wliich is tauglit them in the Scriptures'? \Yo should like to see in form the answers which our fharitable Protestants, have to give to snch II question. The idolatry to which wo refer is the Worship of tha CruGiJiso. On Good Friday 11 priest takes a cross from the so called altar, and partially removes the black veil which covers it, saying to the people ecce l.i(jnum crucis — behold the' wood of the cross ; and in answer to this the choir sing the words, " on which hung the sal- ration of the world — "vsnUa cidorGmm" — come let us adore J then all kneel. The priest tlien goes to one side and uncovers one arm of the cross, saying the same Avords, and again the choir respond, and the people kneel. The priest then un covers the entire cross, shouting once more " behold the wood of tlic cross," and again the choir answer, and the people Icnoel. And lastly, the cross is laid flat on .a cushion before tiie so-called altaiy and the priest kneels towards it,' and at hmgth lies Hat upon it, and kisses it thrice I : . : ' Itis worth while to iioticc tiio hymns that are sung Avhilo this idolatry is going on. The following are some of the A'erses : — ' 0 faithful cross, 0 noblest ti'iio 1 11 .all ourAyoofls there is none like tliec. N'o earthly groves, 110 shady liowcrs, ' I'roducc such lea s'oa, such fruit, such llowors. Sweet are the nails anil'swcet the wood Wliich bore aSvcight so swout and good ! Ilcnil, towering troo—thy hranchc.s bend Thy native stubbornness anspond, 1 jct not still" nature use its foreo ' ' ( To weaker saj) liavc now recourse, M'itb gentlest arms seeure tliy load, .-\\.u 0 lovely tree, Avlio.se bi-aiieiios bore The royal purj-de of his gore, 1 low glorious dooa thy body sliiiiu ' Supporting members so divine, Hail cross! our hope, on IhuG td'. mM, Who keep this paschal festival ; 1 1 rant to Ihi'.Juist incraa.ti: of ijraci!, A lid euery sinners ijuilt efface I JSfow, nob to mention tlic wretched and execrable poetry of such hymns, it is im- |io.ssible to deny the gross idolatry Avhich is sluimlcsfily taught in thorn. Everybody kuoAVS that poets ha\'e lioencc to iinper- .souato trees, and to ascribe to them, in a ligurative way, actions and qualities which belong to living beings ; but there is no such figmSivc" use bt teriiis Jiore. The tiling adored is the touod, of the cross. It is the very Avood which is spoken of as a MoWe tree, having .s/oeei nails, being sioeet wood, producing branches, having native stid)hornncss,y>t\ii natiir(>, having Avcak sap, and bearing a sweet Aveiglib ! It is tlxo A'cry Avood which is said to have a .shining glorious body ! lb is the vovy Avood which is luiUed, spoken to as our hope ! It is the very Avood which is called upon to yrant increase of grace to the just, and the effacing of guilt to every sinner ! A nd it is to this very Avood the priests and people kneel: — they adore it with the highest rcUyious woi'ship, tlie very worship Avhicli they give to the Almigjity — and they kiss it in token of supremost reverence 1 The Ile\'. hTi3AV.MhN H.vrj., whose name Avill be a conmondation to all bur Pro testant readers, A'isited .llonie some years ago, and Aveut to see the Itomisli Avorship of the Sistine chapel, in whioh the Pope himself 'took a leading part. Ho gives in the folIoAA'ing Avords the impression Avhich the service had upon um;" ne.xt came a part of the ceremony us distressing to me as the reading of the Gospel had -been ini pressive ; for those Avho' had just bent the, knee to Christ, now performed the same act of AVorship, only still more deA'outly, to a mere liit of Avood." Ho then goes on to describe the uncovering of tho cross, as above given. Ho thefi give's the Pope's part. "The Pope now rose from his knees, and while seated on Ins throhc, Avas, tlivested of Iiis shoes, initro, and his cojxe. -Destitnto of all mark of dignit in the plain habit of a monk' and hafe/ooted, he Avas led by tAvo bishops into the centre of the chapel, at some distance from the'.cross (noAV lying on a cu.sliion before the altar) tOAvai'ds Avhich lie knelt. Pisihg, he AA'alked fonyard a few sttqis supported liy the Bishops, and' kiiolt again. He again lose and advanced to tlie Ibob of thb cross, Avhich Avas lying longitudinally on the floor, and "knelt again. And pow he" jxer- fectly prostrated . Jiimself before it, sup- jwrting himself on his luindsi as, ho kissed the Avood of the cross. Having left beside it an offering he resumed his seat, and the Cardinals, Bishops and other followed, in aucce.ssion, ba.refooted, ail kneeling three times on their approach to the cross, and. then they prostrated themselves to kiss it." "This Avorshipof the crass,"says Mr.TLvr.n, " for it Avas nothing else, aa'us most painful to my feeling.s. I could not but regard it Avas an act of idolatry, the more distress ing from its very inipressiveness." This, then, is testimony of peculiar vahie, and will doubtless be accepted by all our Pi-o- testant readers, as at once a faithful pic ture of the actual corcraonies and perfor mances in Romish chapels in their Avor- ship, and as an intelligent and unbiassed interpretation of such acts of AVorship as nothing short of gross idolcttry. No doubt Romanists Avill repudiate the charge of " idolatry." They Avill tell us that they "ought to be borieved when they deny the idolatry of such loorsldj) to the cross." They Avill tell us that they arc able to interpret their own meaning and inten tions better than any Protestant ; and they Avill explain that all their tokens of wor ship, reverence, adoration, and supplica tion Avliich they offer to the cross they ofler to Clu'ist Avho .suffered on the cross. But it is impossible to accept such explanation; and the oHcring of such explanation is really an ackuoAvledgmeut that, xvhile convicted and ashamed of their idolatry, Rbmanists are obliged to have recourse to subterfuge and iidsehoocl,. to cover tboir idolatry: over; For, Avhat is idolatry 1 Protestants define it as a giving of religious Worship to any other being but to God; and this AVorship ' is cxpi-essed in bowing down, to, or adoring, kissing, and supplicatiixg. "WhileRoinanlsts define it as a giving to any other being butto-God. or the highest religious Avor.ship— AA'ovsliip Avhich is expressed in culoi'ation ; and hence the Douay version of the Bible, iii its' translation of the " second commandment," says of graven images or likenesses of. things .in heaven, "Thou shalt 7xo adore them." "Well, take either definition of idolatry, and is it hot perfectly plain that in the- AA'orship of the cross idolatry is perpe.trated I , It is the oood of the cross AvhicIi is adored. If it were the cross as the " symbol of scdva- tion," Avhy should the Avords be " A'ccc liymim crucis V Would not a cross made of iron, silver, or gold bo equally effec tive'? But the language is, " loood of the cros.s," . But still more, if the Cross is not worshipped, npt tcorshipped xoith Icttria, Avhy AVorship a .symbol at all! If it is Christ Avlio is Avorsliipped, imd, not the crosi.', Avliy is it so expressly laid doAvii that kttridui due, to the cross, and due to any other of the .symbols of salvation '? If latria is always due to Christ, Avliy .should it be nimle a siiecial instruction that latria should ' be gi-von to the cross, as the symbol of salvation? The ti'uth is, tliere is no honesty in the attempt to pal liate the idolatry which is perpetrated in the Avoaship of the criieifi.x. The cross Itself is Avorshipped, and it is expressly (ulored Avith that very same Avorship Avhich is given to Christ, Avhich shoAA's that the cross and Christ are placed on the same level, and not the one' made the symbol of the other. Bub this is certainly idolatry if ever there. Avas idolatry. No heatlien ever gave to his graven image greater homage tiian the Romanist gives to the cross. No Christian ever gave to Christ greater hom&gQ; than the Romanist does to the cross. Tlio" Romanist himself gives to the cros.s the very .same 7,cors/«j Avhieh lie gives to Christ; so that it is .sheer folly to say that it is not to the cmw, but to Christ that the adoration is given. ' If the Avorship Avhich the Rorixanist gives to the Avood of the ox'o.ss be ixot idolatry, it is .scarcely possible to be guilty of this crime. : The heathen Avlxp bowed doAvix before his inxage did ixot," uhle.ss he Avas; one of the basest of the ignorant crowd, Avoiliip i\\\Q image itself ' the 'God Avhom - tlxo image represented. The : ; . Egyptiaixs, . the Babyloxxiaus, the Gx-eeks, tlxe Roixxaixs, the Pex'sians, aixd evex-y other idolatx'ous nation, were well acquain ted Avith the dis- tinctioix between the God aixd the imaye of the Go;!. , The ' .savage islands of the seas have tiieir images and idols; but' the Avoi'slxippCis know quite well that the spirit of tifo God is distinct fx'om the image. The savage Avill scax'cely he found who 'will con fouxxd the image with the God. What,' then, is the idolatxy so much de- ixounced ixi ' scripture ? "What was the Avox'ship of the Golden Calf which brought upoxi the Israelities so inuch destruction and misery ?. They kncAv perfectly Avell that the calf Avhich they had just moulded put of their golden orixamexxts Avas not a God ; they knew that -if had not brought them out of the laixd of Egyxt : but tlxey made it a symbol of tlxeir God , and they gave it the Avorship Avhiclx they gave to God. But this is the very idolatry condemned in sci'iptiire — making symbols and bowing doAvn to them ; making likenesses and kneeling before them, and kissing them, and AvoxAshipping God throiiyh them. So that the Indian calling uporx his false God is not more guilty of idolatry than the Romanist calling upon the true God, thx-ough the means of an image. J uggernaut is ixo loss worthy of Lalruo tliap. the oi'oss is. The cross is as false a God as Moloch when it receives Jjatria. " God is a fepii'it, and they that Avox'ship him must Avbrslxip him in spirit and in truth." " Thou .shalt xxot make unto tlioo any gi.'aveh image, or any likeness of any thing that is ixi heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in tlxe Avater under the earth ; shou shalt swt how down to them thou shalt not adore them — ixor serve them.". If "cro.ss" Avorslxip be xxot a boAving doAvn to an imago, an adoi'iixg of it, tbex'O is no such tlxiixg xxs idolatry in the Avoxid. No JoKB. —We state boforeliand that the followiug is not a joke, nor a Pro- tesfcant mockei-y, , but ' a qiiotation ' from a llbmisli perioclical published in Adelaide, called the chaplet." The small paper is devo ted as the " advocate of tlic ehildrcu of Mary.;" and its > sixteen pages arc iilled Avitli such mon- atrous stuff as tlic foIloAving, Avliich are said to he " short prayers enriched wUh indulgences, ap- 2licableto the .souls inpurgaloni — " The sign of the orossAvitli the iuAmcation — In the name of tlio Father, Son, .and Holy Ghost - 50 days. , If made with holy tvater — 100 days. '.'-Acts of, Faith, Hope, and Charity — 7 years and I rpiarahtinesfof AQ days. Plenary once a snonlh. , Eternal Fathoi-, I offer Thee the precious blood of Jesus Christ in satisfaotiou for nysiiisand the Avants of the AArhole Ohurch— 100 tZaj/s. "Blessed and praised cA'ory moment 'ho the moat Holy and Divine, Sacrament— 100 days, once a day, three times a day on cdl Thursdays, thcAoliotc Ocldve of Corpus Ohristf find at the elevation at Mciss. " .Tosus, Mary— 25 da,)/,9. " My Jesiis, mercy— 100 tZuf/s. " May the Sacred Heart of Jesus he loA'cd .cveryAvhcre — TOO days. Trioncj T-irvrl T irnn nl'nvo nil flinirrq — 100, days. T " Jesus, meek ami hnmhlo of heart, makcimy heart like unto thine — SOD days. "Most SAveet Jesus, be not my Judge, hut my Savour— 50 day .9. Sacred Heart of Jesus, have moro'y on us— 100 days. , . ' , " Immaculate Heart of Mary,, pr.ay for us— 100 days. " Our Lady of the Sacred Heart, pray for us — 100 days. ' .".iSweot Hoavt.oE Mary, he thou our salA'ation — 300 days. "Praised he the Holy and Imraaoulato con- 'ceptioii of the Blessed Yirgin M'ai-y — 100 days: " Queen of the Angels, pr.ay for us— '10 days. "0. good St. Joseph, our guide, xwotcot us and iirotoct tlio Holy Oliurolx— 50day.9yls,9ot;i'cd(i of St. Joseph. " 'J'hcsc indulgences being gnanted each time they are said, aged or- inliriu: persons can nsd" them as cliiiplets, or they can Ixo said Avalkiiig along or at Avork, and thus many iirecious indul gences Avill ho gained.'.' . Now, let no one accuse us of mocking at the Romish i-cligion. 'Tho .above is Avliat .Romanists themselves publish of their religion. And we are certain that, our Protestant friends Avill scai'o'ely credit that .any thing so dohiiscd .and contemptible could he jiut in print as the Gkrisl- ian relUjion. Tt is an insult to the understand ing of any hut one ' whoso mind is orushed and incaiJ.acitated by priestly snperstition to accept suolx rubbish ' as religion : yet here it is publicly avoAA'cd by the llomaiiists of Adelaide ami laid before tho qjeoplo as Avhich',.all are to heliovo .and XJi'-ictice as the Avay of salvation !— -Look at the senseless ness and arbitrariness of these xxrayors for in- dulgencies. For example, if a uian signs tlxe sign of the cross, Avith the invocation, in the name : of the Father, : Son, .and Holy Ghost, he gets an imhilgehcb of 50 days ; hut if he m.akes the sign bf the cross,' &c.;, i/ith Holy Water, he' gets 100 cl.ays ! : Then again. If 'a man prays, "Jesus, iM.ary,'' he gets 25 days ; hut if he prays ''Mylcsus, mei''cy," he gets 100 diiys I . Then, if a man offers the prayoi', "Jesus my, Gbd,. Iloyb you above all things," he gets 100 days'; 'but if he ja'ays, P Jesus, meek :': and humble of heart, niake my heart like unto thine,'' he gets 300 days ! Then, if a maupx-ays, " Most SAveet Jesus, "be not my judge, hut my Savibtir," he gets 50 days ; but if he prays, ' ' Sacred he.artjof Jesus, have mercy on us," he gets 100 days ! — But this is not tho worst of it. If a man prays, " Sacred heart of Jesus, have mercy on us;" he gets 100 days ; but if he prays, " Sacred heai-t of Mary, he thou sjur SMvatiou," he gets 300 days !— We need not go over the Avhole list. But Ave axe sure that a grosser specimen of debasing idolatry, and base priestiiness never Avas jjut into print. Surely intelligent Romanists ought to he ashamed of such rubbish. ' It is Avorso than rubbish : it is blasphemous suporstitution, in sulting to God, and insulting to the good sense and manliness of the least intelligent creature. — But, notice, all these indulgences of so many days are applicable to the souls in purgatory ! An indulgence in the buying off of so many days of the tonnent in purgatory Avhioh is due to sin. The venial sins Avhicli men commit are punished in xxiirgatory hy years of lurning in fire, until all sju is burned out. But an indulgence is the remission of so many days or years of that torment. Those indiilgenccs arc gained or pur chased by money, prayers, &c.; A man may all his life time be laying up a store of indulgences, so that when Ixe dies and goes to pmrgatory he may be able to present these bills of indulgences and get off tho days and years of suffering which those indulgences represent. But if a man -be anxious for his friends, already in purgatory, rather than about himself, not yet there, he may make over his indulgences to those souls in purgatory ; and hi the above list of prayers we have a specimen of the frightful degradation to which this priestliness of purgatory condescends; for by signing the cross, with invocation, with holy water, a man may get for some poor soul in purgatory as many as 300 days exemption from burning !— This, then, is tho religion which our charitable Protestants don't like to expose or attack. They think it christian to allow Romanists to be thus deceived to their souls peril. They think it right to allow priests to practice their knavery in keeping their people in this debasing idolatry and superstition. We .are certain that the apostles would never have thought so. They exposed the priests in their day who were guilty of far less hypocrisy and baseness than the priests of Rome in our day.' The conduct of Protestants is unintelligible in permitting such a scandal in the name of religion to pass by without the indignation of men who long for the deliverance of all who .are ignorant and deceived. SEMI-POPERY in MELBOURNE.— The late " Good Friday and Easter Sunday " time has hcen a golden opxHxrbunity foi' ritualistic devel opment in our sister colony of Victoiia. It ap pears that the high and Ioav church distinction is very clearly marked in ' that colony. The bishop is a thoroughly hearty and eA'angoli man ; ho dislikes all axxxxroach to ritualism ; he Avou't have Avhite dresses and veils for young Avomeu at confirmation ; he Avon't liave confinn- atiou caps and bridal adornments for oonfirma- tion coremouies ; and as for iloAvcrs and crosses, and mohogr.ams, and genuflexions, and candles, and altai-s, he is as greatly oxxposcd to them as aiiy " dissenter " could be. iBut he is poAverless to onforoo this evangelical yiew on alibis clergy, .and in all his churches, Heh.asjnsthadncAvthoms added to his bed of cixiscop.al roses ; for some of liis clergy have, at the late Easter season, come out strong in all the attractions of ritualistic grandeur. We wish those ritualistic gentlemen success. Wo wish that tlioy may have courage tenfold to cari-y out their desire. We wish that thoy may hasten their aclvanoo to Rome in wrandeur, form, and color. For this reason, that the sooner they ishoAV Avhat thoy arc really aiming at and leading to, the sooner Avill the Protestant people of tlie Church of England rise ill the indignation Avhich they ought to manifest and either expel those Romish traitors, avIio are destroyiiig their churches, or, themselves leave the churcli, and form for themselves a really CA'angolical and Protestant church. .Lhc binndity of the ritualists is the only danger. If thoy Avill act cautiously— if they Avill act prudently— the greater is the mischief Avhich they Avill be able to do in perverting and corrupting the church Avhich tUey disgi-acc ; but if tlioy make haste, ; and prove to the public that tlioy are driving to Ilorae, the sooner Avill the coach be either aban doned or tumbled. The fact is, hoAvcvor, truly a painful and humiliating cue, that Ritualistic Jesuits should he alloAved to cat the bread and occupy tho pulpits of a Protestant church; while aping the gaAvily and strumpet attractions of old mother Rome. Tliey are not honest in their Xxroeeduro. It Avould bo common decency were thoy to cast off tlie term " Protestant," Avhich they hate and dishouoi-, and xxut on the so-called finer g.armciit named "(latholic." Tliese ritual- ' ists arc not honest— they cannot be honest until they do Avhat Father Newman did in England, and Avhat the Sconces and the Mackiiisons did in Sydney — embrace tlic Church of Rome as their mother. But Avhy do the Protestant people tolerate those false teaching and seducing ' siiirits ? Why arc there so'feiv "Irbys ?" — gen tlemen Avlio Avill take trouble to defend thexxurity aiid honor of tlieir church 'f Why are there so foAV honest and hearty Protest ants . among the x't'ople Avho Avill boar Bishops as avcU as xw'icsts, as Mr. Irby, of, 'our , colony, has done, and demand that Pro- testanism be the doctrine tauglit in their Pro- test-ant church 'Z ff the people Avero to rise and do their duty such bishops as Perry and Barker could xxurgo their church of much Avhich helps the Ritualistic squad. Let tho. people agitate that every expression in the x>rayor book, in. the Articles, in the Rubrics, and other standards of the Church, which couutenauces, or appears to couutenaiice Popery, may be' expunged; and, Avhen this is done, at the demand of the people, the time Avill not be f.ar off Avhen all Easter and Good Friday nonsense will utterly cease, so far as the Churcb of England is concerned, and be relegated to the Romish Church, as alone fit for her; and Avhen all Protestant denominations will practically become one, so far as facing the Gro.at Axi'pstacy, as our common enemy, is con cerned, for its final overthroAV. PoPBiiY DOING A Eoaxiinci TKADE.— /''x'eewan has been giving lis an account of the busy sea son, Avbich is just over. Theatres and circuses, and fasbionablo "West Ends" have their " seasons," wlien there is a great stir about the last ncAV piece upon the board, to see the crack borse, or to conform to the last fashion; and when that " season " is over the press of business is suddenly slackened. So' it has just been with Popery in New South Wales. The "Lent" time is one of its yearly "seasons.' Confessions, fastings, penances, and mdulgeiices (aA'ailing for tho souls in purgatory) go -on at a brisk rate. The priests are overpoAvered Avith heavy AVork. Their customers throng them to be first. All the sms and iniquities of the year are poured into the ears of those Avho ai-e "jaw boxes" of tho Romish community, and who out of their spiri tual treasury draAV vast drafts of remissions and indulgences. All this hard AVork has in view the grand ,»aZe of the season, the Good Friday and Easter imposing ceremonies ! And, as the forty days fasting, praying, confessing, and xxroparihg, have all but exh.austed both priests and people, and tho Easter Sund.ay is the grand day when meat and bacon may be eaten abundantly, that is the closing day of the ";_season," and the day when the people are specially reminded that there .arc " collections for the clergy !" We do not wonder that on that day the pidests require aud deserve a "Solatium." What a -terrible, state of mind they must ho in after having had poured into their ears all the crime and .secirt aboininatimis of tlie ilumish community ! Having aaked their people to come to them with all their filth of evil thoughts, evil doing, evil epeakiug, hy the iibuudancc given them their minds must indeed lie ojipressed with the weight of pollution " shot there;" and, then, having not only borne away, like scape-goats, into their wilderness of oblivion, so much iniq'iii, they liavo indeed need of. a recompense, . and a Solatium in tho shape of a good "collec tion." Accordingly, /'rcenian has been siicaking of the "fine season" which the church has had. lleports have come in from the several Bishojis which show, that while the common clergy, having been most busy in tin-owing , the devil out of the people, in preparation for Good Friday and Easter, tho bishops have boon cast ing the devil out of water and oil, iu the manufacture of H0I3' Water and Holy Oil. SVo learn from Freeman that allj the Bishojis have been most suecossful in their apostolic labours. What multitudes of sins 'forgiven ! What atrocious crimes covered ! Wliat secret aboraii- natioiis blotted out ! What rcle.asu cHectod for tlie souls in imrgatorj' ! What ample prevision made in .Holy Water ami Holj' Oil for the li ving luul the dead! What a inagiianimous and merci ful church the Romish Church is— especially at. Easter ! We hope the returns in money have been aderjuate to the business done? Tnii Injh;.stria.i. Piiogiik.ss or ISliiw South WajjES. — We liave to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a copy of the volume just issued from the Government Pi-ess, hearing the : above , title. It is a work of 800 pages, with ihaps and sketclies, giving a conspectus of the industrial progress of New South AVales of the highest vahao, both for fulness and accuracy. The Government have done well in the ; puhlicatidn of such a work ofitho most useful information. The book will sliow to readers in England and other countries (for whom it is specially intended) that Now / Soutii Walos lias claims ujioii the attention of capitalists and lahourera eipVal -to any colony in the British , dominions, and superior to those of many of the colonies ; and nob less useful will the work bo as a book of reference, for our own inhabitants, iu guiding and assisting tlieia in the omplo.yraent of capital and labour. As theyvork may bo iiroeured at a very small charge; wc ;would recommend that every merchant, shopkeeper, lawyer, clergjnnan,. magistrate, legislator, and judge, should provide himself with a copy. — Our space prevents us from entering upon anj'thing like an extended analysis of the volume. Wc simply state that it consists of three parts. The/irs, comprised within 375 pages, consists of the catalogue and official report of tho Intercolonial Exhibition of last year. _ Tho roporb, drawn uji by Dr. Garraii, is a most interesting paper, and wiil bo found to contain ver' valuable suggestions comiectod with all theyxistiug and projected industries of the colony. Tho second part, comprised within 127 pages, consists of a reprint of tho statistics furnished byho Sydney Morning Herald, a few mouths ago, and sent to Eughind in tho form of ajsupploinont. Part third, consists of special papers, on a variety of subjects, hearing on tho climate, productions, and industries of New South Wales, and written by some of our leading colonists. Tho Rev. W. B. Clarke, Mr. Keene, Professor Thomson, Mr. Russell,. Goveriinient Aatpnomor, Mr. Tebbutt, Mr. Charles Mooro, Dr. Bennott, and .Mr. Kreft't, of the Miiseuiu, have contributed ird'ormation wliich u-ill be read 'with increasing interest, as our rcsoi-ces be come more extensively known, and our indus tries are developed. , . ' The 'FuTuais of the Pope.— -Iu another column wo give from tlio Mclliouriie Aryns, aii important extract from an Italian paper, in which it -is stated, on what appears to be good authority, that tho Pope is about to settle liis Court in Cosicaj. This is alleged to be the work of tho Jesuits, aud for the purpose of compli cating Italy with the so-called Catholic powers. These masters of deceit and fraud, who have been expelled from almost every country in Europe, andwhoseorderwas snppressedhyaformerPope, and re-established by .the present Pope, foresee that their order is doomed again, if Italy lie-' come strong, and . Emmanuel hold the sceptre lirinly. It is their policy 'thei-efore, to compli cate matters, and embarrass Eimnannel as much as possible. _ The Pope having excommunicated the King, his minions, the Jesuits, ivill do their utmost to work him mischiof. We trust tiiat ho. .'will be able fo defeat their machinations. If , the Pope wants to rim from the Vatican, let him run. " A fair win' an' -a round .sea to him." When he leaves Rome, we trust it will he for ever.-. Wo fervently hope that the Italian Parliament aud Government wiU prove them selves men, and will not be frightened hy the superstitions of old women, nor by the crafty designs of those frogs and lice of the nations — only made to he taken and destroyed. New yoyTH Wales Pi!0Te.staet Politic/U. Association. — Our renders will bo. glad to learn that the annual dinner of the above assopiation will take. place in tlio Masonic Hall on Queen's Birthday, May 24bh, under distiaguished patron age. ; The price of tickets is kept low so that every one can attend. The haU is to lie decor ated liy Peter " Ford and assirtants, and the entire arrangements for the dinner, wines, iic.,' left in. the hands of our wcll-knowu frieua Mr. Bradford. , , - New South Walks Protestant PoLmoAL Association;— iWe lind, on looking over our ad.veitisement8 that -this society iuteiids,'' hy par ticular request, to have , a piciiic.to Oloiitarf on Queen's birthday. Alfe iyish .them every, success, and cannot forget how pleased wc "\yore at the f last. : , . 