MEETING. , . i Oh Friday evening, February 25, a fellowship meeting was held in Young- street Chapel. This service is lisually -one of great profit, and is anticipated with considerable interest. The . Ministers and Delegates composing the District meetine related their Christian experience. On the following day the sittings were continued. The formerpart of the day was spent in a close eMuirvinto the financial position of the Dis triK? During the afternoon the Stationing Committee sat to. prepare a list of appoint ments to bring before the meeting for its ap On Sunday services were held in; the Young street ChapeL The Rev. O. Lake preached in the morning. He selected for his text the words contained in the 18th, 19fch, and 20th verses of the 28th chapter of-Matthew-^ And Jesus came and. spake unto them, saying, aU pewer is given unto Me in heaveft and in earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising, them in the name of the, Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to .; observe all things wh itsoever I have commanded you to do. I am with you alway, even unto the ebd of the world. Amen.' And went on to say— , This meeting was the fulfilment of an appoint- ;, ment our Lord had made with his Apostles he- . .fW vtik nnsmon. What stranze events crowded between that appointment and the morning of ? .. fulfihnenthetween the Mount of Olives and the Mount' in GaUilee. The wickedness of betrayal, the cowardice of desertion and denial,, the accu mulated horrors of Calvary, the rtunored resur rection, what a tumult of feeling all this would beget in 'the minds of those men as they moved up that slope to keep their tryst with their Lord. AndthereHewaitsforthem. Butlike many companies who now go out to meetllim, wniie , they worshipped some doubted.' In the nearer view, when He came close to them, in the change that had come over Him since they looked on Him last, in the regal words He spoke there would be little room left for doubt, and soon no cloud of unbelief would darken the noonday of repose and rapture to which He was leading back their weary and bleeding hearts. L The charge these words contain invite our attention. The startling thing on the surface , of this subject is that such a charge should be given 'by such a Person to such men. The wounds of tint truceless conflict through which t He had just passed- are still freBh upon Him. ' These 11 men are poor and un lettered. The messige is sure to encounter the leagued opposition of earth and helL Yet no thought of failure strikes the mind of Christ ? there is no suspicion of unfitness in the in-' strumentality. - 'Go, disciple, teacn. all na tions ; all power is given unto me. I am with you alway, even unto the end.' These are the words of One who has measured all the difficulties of the world's regeneration.; and who sees at ' the end of ages' the new earth in which dwelleth righteousness. The charge -was very simple ~S5 'to the 'work it called the dis ciples to do ; -they had% rue to administer, and a message to proclaim. The preacher said he should not speak in a Controversial tone of the rite of baptism; it was a symbol of purifica tion in every mode, and whether the subjects were infants or adults, ? - ' ' For ritual modes let graceless zealots fight, His can't ba wropg who views it in that lignt. The message was all the world wanted to hear. ? Given by inspiration of God it was profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for in struction in righteousness ; and with this text- ? book the man of God, the Christian teacher, wasr perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. The message was to be pro claimed to alL And this mtssage has awakened : echoes in the hreasts of dwellers of every - clime, and has proved itself the Gospel of God, because it is so emphatically the Gospel of man — of universal maiu It is an exotic in no clime; it 'flourishes, as if indigenous, on every soil. The whole of the message was to be pro- ' claimed. May we not take up the teaching of some men and ask— Is this all that Christ com manded? Are not some of the truths lifted : into special prominence by Him, absent from their teaching? -They speak not of the Cross as the atonement- for sin. The personality and ministry of the Holy Ghost have dropped out of their ? teaching. They have: silenced their testimony concerning the terrors of the Lord, and no longer ring out the clarion call to repentance. They have made prayer a mocking unreality, and Goa'd Tevelation a common book. lhis -spreading Bpirit_ of Rationalism is withering the enthusiasm of the Church, and drying the fullest springs of her spiritual life. And then, on the other hand, there is a ritualistic spLit abroad, in ^nany eases the natural reaction of Rationalism. The cure for these heresies is to ? teach all things that Christ has commanded. ; The message was to be proclaimed on'ChriBt's . o-r,iihnrH:tr ? t.hn message was to be proclaimed -L for most practical ends. Commandments are observed when they are kept. The teaching was to culminate in obedience ; the creed -was to mould the conduct. Disobedience opposeth ? Him who hath all power in heaven and earth. TL A comforting assurance — (1) of unlimited : power; (2) of fellowship with the Church. ' The- dignity and perpetuity of that fellow ship was dwelt upon. The preacher con eluded by showing that their commission is ours. Our work is educational. Christ sends ? us to teach. The Word suggests the unique ness of His method. Moses came with rules and ordinances, demanding measured obedience, : and startling the lawless with a curse. And when the schoolmaster's work was done, and '; the world had grown in a fuller manhood to the ? liberty of choice, grace and truth came by Jesus Christ, and constrained men by the ?? mightiest motives to yield themselves a living : sacrifice to God. ; The Rev. J. Trewin officiated in the after noon, and selected his text from 1 chap. Nabum, 7 verse. : The goodness of God was the first ~ thought dwelt upon. This goodness was un derived and pure; It was seen throughout the world in its adaptation to man's real necessities. ? Nothing was more powerful than this principle of goodness. The text also declared that trod was a stronghold in the day of trouble ; the ' inference was that trouble was mixed up with t life. The man who walked nearest to heaven, ; as well as the man who walked farthest from it, had trouble. The youth hadtiouhle, aiis- ' ing from inexperiencs ; the man from connection ' ?' with business ; the aged from decrepitude. It . would seein a great blessing if the experience, - of the father could be handed down to the son. Then there was Jhe Christian's security ; at all times he could find refuge in God. ; Thfe evening service was conducted by the Rev. T. Allen. Wig discourse was based ( on the 16th verse of the 1st chapter of Romans. He remarked that man was here', ~ to be educated. On every hand lessons; of great importance 'were presented to him. .' But whatever nature might teach, there were many enquiries which nature could not answer— there were wants which earth could r not .supply. The Gospel answered the deep ; enquiries of the human heart. The preacher ' then went on to say that the Gospel was ' lasting in its duration. It was the everlasting' ' Gospel— eternal because it contained the ':. element of truth, of love, and because of ? its eternal' fitness. Then it is reformatory \ in its character. It reaches the intellect and enlightens it ; it reaches the heart and renews _ it, and ' its 'influence affects the whole'' character and life. ^Ehe Gospel is regal in its ; aim'; it seeks to enthrone itself in the heart j ii isTntend^ioT all— for every one that £; belieivetny hut iriei must believe it. There is persuasion, but not coercion. Who would be ; ashamed of such a Gospel ? The truest patriots, the wisest .philosophers, the sweetest- poets ' were not ashamed of the GpspeL Neither the ' best' men on earth, nor the highest angels of. heaven, were ashamed of it. There were good congregations at each ser vice. '?' ' . ??''.' ,: . On Monday evening tea and publio meetings ; (both well attended) took place in the Young-:; street Church. Mr. T. Richards presided at; the public meeting, and, having made a few ' remarks, called. on Mr. Ashton, who. read au . encouraging ? financial report. '.'? THe Kev. Mr. ' Richards then gave an interesting address. Having expressed a deep sense of gratitude at . being with them safely brought through the lights and. ehadeB of another eventful year, ha poke of the meetings they had been having recently, saying that they had been very re freshing. A fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost bad/been received by many, and they hid re turned to their labors strong in the Lord, 'and powerful in 'Bin anight. Many who had never drank at the wells of salvation had returned home in possession of the pearl of great price, and he hoped such results -would follow from the meeting that evening. In the public meet ings in connection with their annual gatherings b.e felt as described in Dr. Watts'sjtines :— ** My longing soul would stay insuch a frame as this, And sing -herself away .to everlasting bliss.' And when the time for separation had arrived, they had found it very hard to say farewell. How -good it was to be in the society of good men, and they could stay with such for ever; but it was arranged by their Father that they should be scattered over the country. It was the design of God in placing the Church on earth that she should, by her influence and teaching, permeate the whole world. They each had work to do, and . their trials to bear, and in the business of the Lord how important it was that each should be found in his proper place, that he might lightly discharge the great dunes of life. ? The conviction that they were doing right they should possess, for they would find that it would be of great assistance to them, and that it would nerve their arm to any duty. They should also have decision of character, and they should be espe cially decided on those things which related to their everlasting destiny. Everything they were surrounded by was short-lived,, and was passing away, And how .requisite it was that they should be earnest and sincere in their life and thought in this world. And how neces sary it was that the Church, by her zeal and by prayer, should sustain the lives of the men who were proclaiming the unsearchable riches of Christ, He believed that where there was a living active Church the Truth must prevail. They knew that infidelity, Popery, secularism, and ritualism were put forward to binder them, but where there was a living, praying-Church, he was convinced the truth would prevail. Now wastheageofopportunityforthe Church, snihe prayed that they would embrace it and that they would be wise to save souls, and to lead others to Christ. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Price next spoke, dwelling on the necessity of earnestness and personal effort in the Church. The Rev. Mr. Xang followed, making! some excellent remarks touching the need there existed for the spread of religion and the advantages of a thorough knowledge of the Word. He also ad verted to the necessity for more spiritual power, so as to spread religion. The Rev. O. Itake leaving made some pithy observations, the usual votes of thanks were accorded, and the meeting terminated. A collection, was mate with satis factory results. 