THE BURLINGTON ARCADE (Saturday Review.) That the younger gentlemen one meets in the Burlington have brains of some kind, we see no reason to doubt. That the elder ones were once similarly pro- vided, may be very possible. That there is some instinctive intellectual action going on as we watch them, some such involuntary movement as the twitches of the galvanised frog or the contortions of the skinned eel, we are compelled to ad- mit. As a rule they parade the vaulted passage in the solemn silence befitting a catacomb life which only wakens up as night draws on towards unholy hours. Yet occasionally with a rush of cigar smoke they do puff spasmodic nothings into the ears of their heavy-chignoned, brief skirted companions, and provoke the un- intelligent cackle that does duty for light-hearted, genuine laughter. But whatever these men might make of them- selves under a different system, what are they as things are? Looking into their meaningless eyes, or their expressionless faces, is it possible to conceive that they have a real interest in anything ? that they take a pride in anything more real than the outward trappings of their pro- fession? that they cherish anything but the vaguest dreams of distinction and am- bition ? Can we conceive them like the warlike aristocracy of Germany, study- ing, the arts of war in the time of peace; seating themselves eagerly at the feet of Gamaliels in tactics and strategy, or lightening the intolerable weariness of mess-table talk, or the insup- portable evenings of the barrack-room, with discussions on the imaginary cam- paigns that shall carry them victorious to Berlin ? Fight they would no doubt if called upon, and so would bulldogs or satyrs. But with German thought thrown into the scale, a duel between the nations would be Brown-Bess to the Martini Harry, if these were the men we had to trust to. That our embryo Von Moltke» do not show much in the Burlington may be taken us very certain. But the stray men of cultivation who stay away will no more make an army, or even a staff, than an occasional swallow makes a summer. The exceptions prove the rule, and the Bur- lington of the afternoon may, we fear, be said to be the parade of our future mili- tary chiefs. Most of them, it is true, are still young, and although evil habits ingrain quickly, and rust gathers particu- larly fast, they are well within reach of redemption. But what of that? Their tastes all bend the same way, and nothing but a miracle or fashion will save them. The lads whom tender years and commissions in marching regiments continually quartered in the country or the colonies condemn to look at life from its outskirts, fancy themselves in the heart of it for once when they can spend a holiday in the Burlington. They certainly get such lessons in life as may be obtained by a study of the photographs of celebrities of the demi-monde and the stage, or by the viva voce instructions of some emancipated maid-servant. The most ennobling prize which the life has to offer is a wink from some venal Venus who acts lady patroness to the Gallery ; the most thrilling sensation the respectful stare surprised from some young man from the country. About these young men from the coun- try there is much less to be said. They merely do occasionally what the more fortunate of the others make a habit of doing. They are an important element in the point or numbers, and act the ad- miring mob about the triumphal cars or the conquering military heroes. Not that they do not receive sur- ficient encouragement to induce them to repeat their visits. Their pockets proba- bly are tolerably well filled, although characteristically they carefully carry their money in a purse, and there may be more trouble in getting at it. Generally speaking, the young military man respects himself far too much not to throw away anything he has and spend what he has not without subjecting himself to the ig- nominy of squeezing. Then, of course, you have the foreigner, and in these times especially the Frenchman. The Burlington faintly reminds them of the passages of the Panoramas and Princes, of the Boulevards by gaslight : of French fast life seen dimly through a distorted glass. It re- minds them of it much as the ball-dressed corpse in the Capucin convent at Palermo might recall the living beauty to her sor- rowing friends. It is a horrible carica- ture, yet you cannot help recognising the familiar features. The grotesque contrast must have a revolting fascination for the class of Frenchmen who frequent it now. They are the able- bodied admirers of Mabille and the Valentino, torn rudely from the charms of all they loved in life; doubting greatly if they will ever be restored to the embrace of the Lutetian queen of delights ; certain they can never see her again in her pristine Imperial bloom. Better surely to wander sad and safe, ghost-like and short of cash, in the gloomy arcades of Albion, than to shiver on wintry outpost duly with Chansy within sweep of the fell Uhlan, or starve on half rations with the women and children of Paris. Any- thing is better than risking the life which circumstances have made so dismal for the time being ; but the alternative is a wretched one. What a change, to the society of those sad- faced English groups, revolving solemnly by clockwork, from the glitter and sparkle of cafe life on the Boulevardes! what wretched substitute those short-coated, short-sticked medical students for the boisterous Can-can dancers of the Latin quarter; and those .... English misses after Mademoiselles Corali and Zephyrine - .... Ah those .... Prussians! And unlike the Mohabitish prophet, from the safe dis- lance of the Burlington Arcade the exiled gentleman curses to his heart's content the enemy he dare not face. Then, beside the professional male frequenters of the Burlington, you have the innocents who venture ignorantly on the contaminated ground, and the more or less enlightened, with more or less rea- son, risk themselves on it after hours. You meet a respectable country parson, all eves and boots, creaking along out of step between his wife and daughter, the group pausing in rapt contemplation before successive windows, by way of comp- promising their respective tastes. Of a sudden a general start and a shudder. A print in the shop half-way down has turned the hearty rector into a scandal- struck figure of stone, and it is only su- perior feminine presence of mind that hurries him away from the accursed spot. You have the majestic mother of a family, with a couple of marriageable virgins, belated there in search of bonnets, as young Aldershot is coming out upon the stare, and St John's Wood and Pimlico are awakening to the life of another day. How much does the matron know? or does her conscientious sense of the proprieties yield to the chique of bonnets glorified by the approval of the demi-monde. It is certain that she sweeps her tainted skirts around her as they are brushed by the robes of Lais, and, vanishing after her charges into the shop-door, shoots back a Parthian glance at that lacquered lady. It is equally certain that she finishes her shop= ping deliberate detail, although mili- tary parties, linked three or four deep after the fashion of the place, assist at the trying-on through the win- dow-panes with the least ambiguous of complimentary looks and the very frankest of language. Thanks to the presumable respectability of any London thoroughfare that opens off a leading street, the Burlington is always making fresh conquests. The current that circu- lates from end to end, the long weary afternoon through, has an unsuspected suck like the flood of the Gulf Stream, and is always absorbing the waifs and strays that curiosity drifts thither. Virtue only hears of the saturnalia of vice in the Haymarket. She can survey them in the Burlington without absolutely sacrificing reputation, learns to dally with what she ought to dread, and yields im- perceptibly to the mysterious fascination of the improper before her eyes are opened to the unutterable weariness of stupid vice. 