WEEKLY E1ÎG1STEK. | Diptheria is prevalent on ilio Iüchmond Uiver. A cricket club has been established ut Burrowa. .Mr. Gale was to make n prand h dinon nscent, with several passengers, nt Adelaide-, on iSutuuiay wet h last. It is stated that a. newspaper ia to bo established at Bourke, A division of tho Sons of Temperance is to bo formed at Druitt'* Town. It is stated that tho worm (license lias made its appearance muong the flocks on the Dalling 1 uuns. Mr. Charlton has been appi inti .i council cleik of tilt Borough of Lambton. A number of tho residents of tho Manning are taking their depailuru for thu J.ichnu.tiil Uiver di.-ti icc Scarlet fever has made its appeuruuee at Kiama, and ia raging rather vii uleutly. A public meeting on the railway rates is to beheld at Goulburn on Wednesday next. A stage conch hus been laid on between Kempsey and Port filaetpiaiie. Ale from the Ciscado Brewery, Hobart Town, has been imported into Newcastle. Penny leadings are to be established at thc Mechanics Institute, Tamworth. Shearing commences on the IYcl Hiver at various dates from the 1st instant to'20th current. A curr) ¡Hg company has been formed for the pur- pose of i.\peilitli]g the transit of goods between Grafton ami Glen Innes. The committee of tho Grenfell Progress Asscciatior turned out lust week a nd collected in about half an hour LUS out of 1 50, riquiud for ripniisiu tin si nelli. One of Mr. Milner Stephen's patented (gold-crushing and wnthing miicbii.cB hus bten lunled at tho liai ossa gold-HeldB, Suuth Australia. On Monday week L30D0 wero received at tho Urana land salo, for land bought by somu ncighbouiing squat- ters, nt 20s per acre, cash. A man, named Jonathan Smi"\ has been fined L10 by tho bench ut Wentworth, to. Iiquurto the aborigines. An ngent has arrived at Sale. Gipps Land, to prose- cute further inquiries concerning thu claimant io tho Tichborne caso, lio is engaged for the defence. Tho Goulburn Division of tho Sons of Temperance havo priM-liteil n highly coiupliincntaiy address to their medical i dicer, Dr. Perry. The corner-stone of n Wu«leyan Chapel was laid on Tuesday week at Gullen, hy Mr. William Davies, of Goulburn. Mr. S. Minchin has been appointed secretary to tho Wagga Wagga Sugar Manufactory. Two bundled weight of seed nf the Planters' Friend had boen for- warded by the Kev. W. Holland. In consequence of tho hiitli juice of stock, it is expected that thc Goulburn Moat-Preserving Company will suspend opciulioiiB until after shouting. Thu lirat shipment had sold at 4:} 1 per lb. Tho man, named George Wallace, apprehended at Newcastle for personating a detective officer of the polico foice, has been convicted and sent to gaol for n month. Tho Crown hus abandoned tho prosecution instituted against J ir. Clifford, of Kurrowa, mid a mei-tin: ot his friends waa livid lust week at tho Boyal Hotel, in that township, to congratulate him upon the result. Tho analysis of ft sample of beetroot grown hy Mr. S. Staughton, and submitted by him to Mr. W Johnson , of St. Kilda, shows an average jieldof 11.Mb of pun sugar to tho hundredweight, or 2001b to thu ton. News from the Lower Clarence is to tho effect thnt tho Colonial Sugar Kt- fttiitig (Company would commence operations on Tuesday lust. They had six parti, s cutting cane, and would require from 150 to 20C pounds' weight. A now schooner, the Lizzie Guy, of about 120 ions register, wua launched nt BnteniHii'a Bay on Thursday week. She ia the property of Mr. F. Guy, of Nvlligi u, nnd is intended to trudo between Sydney and his saw- mill ut lJateiiian's Bay. A poi trait in oils of Father Mathew, thc npostle of tompeinnco, and undeistood to bavo been painted by the brother of that popular ecclesiastic, ia novv on view at Afr. G. Hurley's. Geoige-stiect. lt would form a very npprnpiiate ornament to sonic of tho temperance halls of thu city. Thu Melbourne Ago states that n sister of Lieutenant Wnghoiii, tho pioneer of the Peninsular and Oriental route, resides at Kmorald Hill in indigent circum- stances, mid suggests that thoae persona who have been so much benefited hy the exertions of Waghom should assist Iiis surviving relative. Tho members of Parliament for the Castlemaine province mid district have pieaonted a silver cup to the Castlemaine volunteer corpa to bo con,peted for at the butts (suy3 the M. A. Mail). The cup must be won three times before becoming tho property of any com- petitor. Tho Kiama farmers aro crying out again for rain, ns tho bind is too diy and haul for ploughing. Vege. tation is lying dormant, nnd is beciuiiiuc; stunted in many places. A few good showers would eau no a luxu- riant growth of herbuijc, and cheer tho hearts of agri- culturists. So far as tho Goulhurn Herald lins heard, tho first snipo of the sensr.ii hove fiilbn to the tuns of Muster Harry Horn, of Goulburn, mid Mr. \V. II Poidevin, of Collector. The former shot a bruen in the iinmcdiu'c neighbourhood of the town on Saturday ; tho lintel shot onu nein Collector the same day. The following graphic sketch comes from tho "Vic- torian Police Gazette, which announces that one Samuel Giifii'hs is wonted for wife desertion. Tho individual ia said to ho well-known as Black furn, hus jut black hair, dink blue sunken eyes, a slight impedi- ment in Ilia speech, swinging gait, "and swears ti great deal." Mr. "W. J. Henwood, F.1Î.S, tho president of the Boyallnstilution nf Cornwall, lins promised to forward to Mr. Brough Smyth, the si crctury for mines of Vic- toria, n collection of rocks and minerals illustrating tho occurrence of gold in ibo Hrnzils. Mr Uenwood's gloat woik nn vein-mining, just published, hus bcon well rcoeived by tho Press ut home. Tho Hov. D. E Jones, incumbent of Albury, has placed his ii sigmition of that cure in tho hands of tho Bishop, to takoiffect after tho end of tho present year. Tho cause of tho reverend gentleman's taking this step ia certain matters of diangreement botween himself and some influential members of bis con- gregation. Tho "Victorian Medical Ouzotto understands that tho action brought by Dr. Mooro against Dr, Motherwell, ono of tho members of tho University of Melbourne, for slimier, damages Ll OOO, in connection with some recent University proceedings, will bc tried at tho next sittings of the Supremo Court, sometimo in this month. Tho Rev. Mr. Robinson, lato of Tenterfield, and who has, unhappily, hud many unpleasant difficulties to contend with, is now ministoiing to tho people of tho English Church at Walcha. An influential gentleman of that place states that tho reverend gentleman is much esteemed and beloved by tho members of tho Churoh there. An inquest was holden nt "Waratah, on "Wednesdayi on the body of George Hobert Harris, a child about four-nnd-n-half years of ugo. who died from injuries rosulting from a full, on Monday. It appeared that bo WHS plu}ing with his sister in the nbsenoo of his mother, when ho fell backwards and hurt bis head. Compres- sion on tho brain resulted, and the jury returned a verdict according to tho evidence. Tho wholo external woik of tho Roman Catholic Cathedral, Armidale, except that of tho coloured lights and ornamentation, is now completed, and presents a very handsome appearance. The ohancel, choir, and sacristy forming the custom portion of tho edifice, tho roof of which in tho centro part forms n semi hexagon, flanked with wings with gable ends, completes and adds i fine aichitectural effect to tho struoture. Tho beetroot sugar manufactory schemo at "Warrnam- bool bas been abandoned. Thu following resolution, pns-ed at a melting held on Thursdny, gives the alleged leeson :-"That on account of tho duty im- posed by tho present .Ministry on machinery imported for luauufiiclui ing sugar from beet, tho project for establishing a beet sugar company bo abiiuduned for the present." Mr. G. H. Hunt's lecture on tho " Great Pyramid of Egypt," deliveiedin conni dion with the Improvement Society nt Gei nugong, .wa» very interesting. Tho sub- ject was illustrated with dingi nina nuil a model of tho pyramid. Tho attendance was very fair. A vote of tbunks to thu lectuier, mid a similar compliment to tho maker of the model, Mr. D. M'Leun, brought the meeting to a close. Sollie quat ta very thickly impregnated with gold has been obtained from No. 1 ul.iim Golden Crown, Druku diggings. lt is said that between 200 and ¡100 lbs weight nf atone, when mushed, gavo tho extraonliiiiiiy yield of 20D nzs nf gold. It is al-o Muted that at llnllingdutu'H Prospecting Claim, on Perseverance, they ad obtained hetterstotiu I hun bii»yetbeeii procured, und thc cliiim bids f.iir to be veiy rich ; the shares in which roso £00 ou Friday week. Tho first meeting nf tho Grafton Day Star Band of Hopo mid Abstainers' Union wa» helli in tho Grafton School uf Aita, un Friday wei lc, when about fifty ohildrcii were present. Blr. H. Wukely, (president of tho society, presided over tho meeting, which was opened with singing and prayer. Addi esses weio delivered by thu president, Mr. K. Hockey, und tho Hov. "W. E. Bourne. On Tuesday last a picnic was given by the Catholic laity in honour of tho Very Rev. Vicar-General Lynch, prior to his departure for Tenterfield. Numerous invi- tations were issued to persons of all denominations, nearly all of which were accepted. At 12 o'clock about 200 pleasure-seekers were on the ground, at a sheltered spot on the slope of the centre Bald Knob, overlooking the Gostwyck Plains, and the proceedings passed off most harmoniously. It appears from a communication receivrd at Adelaide from India, that tho lion. Mr. Fi'zj<mrs t-ttphens, the Legislativo member of tho "Vice-regal Council, isnbout to introduce a bill declaring that all men ai riving from Australia ns p oms in liorse-shipa, ure to ho considered as vagrants, nd us such the employer bringing them out. The em, «yer bringing them out is to be made liable for their pi' - igo hack. This teems to he tho only way of getting lid of what real.y is now in lu lia a very serious difficulty. At a meeting of thc Hunter River Agricultural Association, held on Monday, Mr. W. M. Newton sub- mitted for the inspection of tho meeting a sample of juico of the Planters' Fiiend, more thoioughly boiled than any that had been previously exhibited, ïhe ?ample waa literally full of fine granulated »uviir, and it would evidently givo off hut a small per ceiitage of treacle when passed thiough tho centrifugal. The inhabitants of Victoria will soon ho in a position to pct rid of nil defaced and worn silver coinage. A communication bas been received from the ISiitú-h Government to tho effect that, if they aro content to pay tho cost of shipment of new silver coinage to Victoria, including insurance nnd nil charges ou tho sumo, the Mint officers in Melbourne will bu empowered to accept battered coin at its nominal value, and to pay over for it pieces of tho now silver coinage. The Pleasant Creek News relates a talo about a Chinaman resident of that district. John was engaged to bc married to a young lady from Germany, but on tho couple presenting themselves to a clergyman, ho refused to tie thc nuptial Koot because the (Jhiiiniuun was not a Christian. John baa now to wait the r< quisito three days for tho local registrar to forge tho matrimonial chains. The Nows says that the anxiety of tho bridegroom to get speedily married mises from the fact '.hat he paid a good round sum of money to thu girl's parents for tho privilege of becoming their , son-iii-law. An admirably executed selection of pencil drawings, submitted to view at tho recent inauguration of the New South Wides Association for tho Prouiotion of Architecture and Art, have been for inspection duiing tho week at Mr. Clarke's, Uuntcr-street. They are tho production of his brother. Mr. A. A. Clarke, a native of Taunton, but presently a resident of Wells. The subjects are Gable of Crowthorne Monastery, Somersetshire ; Chantry Chapel, KU ve, Somersetshire ; East Front of Lutes Curey, and other famous manorial houses in the same county ; and Elm Study, kc. Sec. As works of art, they Bhould command tho inspection of connoisseurs. f Another of the remnant of the Illawarra tribe of blacks went to his long homo, says tho Mercury, hist .-linday. It nppeara that Jemmy, who >vas veiy old and iuñrm, was also blind for soma time previous to his death. After the police buried U=tsy on tho Beiitely Estate, some time ugo. the other blacki, it booms, took a superstitious alarm to tho tifect that " Betsy's Ghost" was walking about, and consequently they decamped from these parts, leaving poor old Jemmy behind them, to contend with lifo and death as best ho could. Since then Jemmy was cared for most kindly | hy »OHIO of tho families residing on tho Berkely j Estate. Tho Southern Argus, .1 South Australian provincial paper, hastiarían opportunity of seeing at Milangnsmall craft about the sizo of au orilinary dingy, belonging to a person named Paul Smith, who had brought his wifo and family down in it from Wilcannia, a distanco of somewhere about 2000 miles. It is furnished with an awning, nnd has a paddle-wheel on each quarter near tho stern. It is worked with a crank mid u rod pu jccting to near tho bows of tho boat, and to this a bundle ia fixed, which, hoing moved by tho navigator at un cnsy stroke, sends the little craft along nt a very fair rot.«.. Tho ntaprinu ¡« iriaiiMgml hy inoaos of two treadles, to which tho rudder lines aro attached, and which arc worked hy the feet Alrogetber, it is ingeniously, contrivated and well calculated for tho dowe, trip, but going up would bo a different matter. A despatch from tho Earl of Kimberley states that tho Secictary of State for Foreign Affairs has under bis consideration nieasnres for tho enlargement of tho powers of her Majesty's Consul nt the F-jis, so as to cnablo him to deal with offenoca in those islands. It is understood that tho Government will Bhortly throw open tho Clareuco nnd the Hunter rivers, ns well an Parramatta and George's livers, for the cultivation of oysters. These places have been closed during tho Inst three years to enable tho almost exhausted oyster beds to recover. The right to cultivate oysters and to dredge for them in these rivers ia to be sol 1 by auction, tho area of each section or farm being 103 acres It is expected that the oyster grounds in tho Clarence and Parramatta rivers-ten years' leases of which aro to ho sold-will bo advertised in tho coursu of a fuw days, and thu auction will tako place soitio time before, tho middle of next mouth, when the three years' restric- tion on oyster fishcrv in the rivera named will expire. At tho Court of Quarter Sessions, Forbes, Inst week, thu following sentences wore passed by Judge Joseph- son :-John Thomas and William Heed, f Mind guilty of robbery under nrms, on three charges-Sevon yenrs' hard labour on public roads or works for mesh of first two offences, nnd fivo years' hard labour for the last ; all the sentences concurrent. Joseph Gnodluck, who had pleaded guilty to larceny-twelve months' hard labour in Bathurst gaol James lilley mid George Taylor, found guilty of cattle-stealing - five yet'rs* hard labour on roads or publio woi ks. James Williams, who had pleaded guilty to foigery-two years' hard labour in Bathurst gaol. J unes Murphy, found guilty of larceny- eighteen months' hard labour in Bithtust gaol. James Clune, found guilty of receiving stolen horses-two years' hard labour in Bathurst gaol. At the Narrabri Quarter Sessions held last week, on tile jurors being called over, it was found that out of forty who had been summoned, seventeen did not answer. His Honor, Judgo Meymott, said it certainly dil not scorn, from tho large nuinher of jurors who were absent, that tho district set'iuuch value on the establishment of a Court of Quarter Sessions nt Narrabri.-Alfred Merritt, aged seventeen, was sen- tenced to six months' imprisonment in Narrabri gaol, for stealing a horse, the property of William Perry. Robert Rogers, convicted of a like offence, waa sen- tenced to twelve months' imprisonment in Tamworth gaol.-Edwnrd Smedley charged with attempting to commit suicido; and Charlea Combo, an aboriginal, charged with stealing from a store, were both acquitted.-Henry William Howell, of Tciriaro, and John William George Cox. of Billyeenn, were, during the sitting of tho Court, sworn in as magistrates of the Colony. Tho coal discovered at Rocky Mouth, Clnronco River, is exciting considerable attention. According to the Examiner, tho coal was first discovered cropping out in a gully about a milo and a half eastward from Mr. Alexander Cameron's store at Rocky Mouth, on the Lower Clarence. A prospecting drive bad been put in by Mr. Robert Laird, somo thirty or forty feet. The quality improved steadily after tho first few feet had been driven, and continues to improve aa the prospec- tors get further beyond tho influence of the atmosphere. The pearn is about two feet thick, and continues to increase Tho coal, although freshly taken out, burns freely in an open grate, and yields a strong beat and a largo proportion of gos. and promises fairly, when a sufficient depth Bhall have been obtained, to turn out a first-class article. Tho seam dips westward, towards tho river, and underlies on a very hart! whitish clay, supposed to be fire-clay. From the fact that another outcrop bas been discovered nt a considerably higher olovation, nnd nearer to the river than tu* first, tho presumption is that at least ono, and probably moro seams exist between tho first point of discovery and tho deepwater frontage, and that, ns the seams aro dipping towards the river bed, they can. if found to exist in remunerative quantities nud of good quality, be worked with great facility and economy from tho immediate vicinity of the deep water. Tho Southern Standard (Bega) reporta that two men, named Hnddcrnnd Wrogan, working in the road party, went to Plumb's bouse, Edon, n few days ngo, ami theiomet with another mun-Andrew Brown-and sat down to a gamo of cards, Plumb supplying them with a jug of beer. After tho gamu was over. Modder pro- posed they should have another jui? 'of beor, and . on I'lumb refusing, ho threatened to inform against him, whereupon he wnB seized by nil three, thrown on a sofa, and.violently beaten ; ho managed to escupe, und went home to his hut, about a mile distant. The other three men. it appears, nftersomo time followed, drngued hun out of bcd, and committed a murderous assault, in which he received foin stabs in th« body nnd a gush from a tomahawk in tho forehead ; they then pummelled his face with tho tomahawk-head nnd bolted, hiding them- selves in thc fern. Uodder, with great difficulty, mndu bis .vay to Wills'«, at tho police barracks, who, with another constable, went in pursuit, hut could not find them in tho furn; they proceeded to riumb's house, and found the men-Wrogan nnd Brown-in bed, who, after n desperate resistance, nnd using hoir ¡ble lan- guage, werç secured. Willi then took Plumb fiem his bod in tho inner room, who, likewise, made a desperate "tinegie. He conveyed them to thu luck-up. Mrs. Willa attended to Hadder, stnunchitiit tho bleed- ing wounds, closing them in absence, of medi- cal attendance, and attended to him with the greatest care. Dr. Shiola waa telegraphed for, and attended tho wounded man. Plumb, Wiognu, lind Brown were brought up boforo Messrs. Keon, P.M.., Solomon, J.P., und Superintendent Orridgo, who wns at Kden at tho time, when they wero committed to Darlinghurst to take their trial nt tho next Uiiininnl Sejsious, to bc holden ou Kovuinber (ilk. Ono of the prisoners, W'ragan, after being duly cautioned, made a statement confessing the transaction, and Drown immediately said that Wrogan himself was the man who bad Btabbed Bedder. Hodder died in great Agony a few rlayn aftprwariia. 