THE WEEK'S NEWS. La>t> Sales.—The sales of land during the month of January were as follows:—For cash at auction, 4,928i acres, £5,089 10s. 9d., exclusive of improvements; for credit at auction, nil; private sales, cash, 2,165 acres, £2,165; credit, out of areas,. 1,390 acres, £1,390; in areas, 6,043 acres, £6,217 ; country lands, sold on credit,. 7,433 acres, £7,607. The total of actual receipts from the sales of land during last month were £9,126; a low average, and yet consi derably more than sufficient to make up the Treasurer's estimate of £80,000 for the year. Wheat akd the Railways.—It may now be said that the harvest is pretty generally reaped, though most of the farmers, where they have been blessed with good crops, are still busy cleaning up their grain. Ag large quantity is nevertheless finding its way to market, and from all the Northern Stations the cry comes of the inadequacy of the ^railway, which, it is broadly asserted, is heightened by mismanagement. The following is the statement of the Kapunda Herald. After saying that the heavy rain on Monday must have done considerable damage, not only to the wheat not yet housed, but also to the large stacks which have accumulated at the various railway stations, it adds:— " It is an understood thing that the Government will not be responsible for any wheat that may be taken to the goods station when there is not room for it inside, but, at the same time, the question suggests itself whether at such places as Kapunda, where there is an exceedingly large passenger station, in which all this surplus wheat might be stacked safely under cover, it would not be better that this protected space should be thus utilized, rather than the wheat should be exposed to the vicissitudes of the changeable weather by which the present season is being characterized. Irrespective of the other parts of the passenger station, three fourths of the passenger platform might be devoted to the storage of cereals without to any appreciable extent incommoding the public. Whilst on this subject, we may as well men tion that the railway arrangements generally are very unsatisfactory. The supply of trucks for wheat is altogether inadequate to the require ments of the trade, and there is no guarantee that wheat can be got to the Port in a reasonable time after it has been delivered at the station. Efficiency and punctuality of service are even more important matters than a trifling difference in cost of carriage, hence we shall expect shortly to find that a great deal of wheat will be sent by the road direct to the Port, as in such cases its delivery may. be safely calculated as to take place in a given period. In the general merchandise traffic, too, there is the same want of punctuality, and although the rates are somewhat lower than under ike former manage ment, that advantage is more than counter balanced by the increased uncertainty. A large, firm in this town sent down to Gawler on the 3rd for a pair of wheels, to be sent up by return train. The duplicate cart-notes were received by return post, bat up to the morning of the 7th the goods themselves had notarrived, and the person for whom they were ordered had in the interim made three fruitless journeys of 24 miles specially to obtain these wheels. On the other hand, goods despatched on the 3rd for Gawler by the Kapunda firm had not been received on the night of the 6th. We believe these goods were sent through the firms to which the railway management has let the carrying, but it is evident the public interests require protection, for if this state of things continues the railway will' soon lose a great share of the work which has hitherto fallen into its hands. In the matter of passenger traffic, too, the same irregularity also prevails. On Friday night and Tuesday morning the train, and consequently the mails, were three-quarters of an hour late in arriving here. Indeed, this delay on the part of the trains is now so regular a thing that great surprise is expressed if one comes in to time." The NorOtern Argus says:— " Wheat is accumulating very fast at the various stations on the North line. The large shed at Farrell's Flat is full, and at Mintaro the wheat is being stacked outside. Complaints are loud and general of the means of carriage being absurdly inadequate to the demand." The Floods at the Bubba and Clare.—We are enabled, through our correspondence, to afford the following additional particulars:—At Clare 2jL inches of rain fell on Monday, and a quantity of wheat lying out in the fields was injured. At Redruth the flood destroyed the ford, which was greatly injured by the same cause some weeks previously. A few pounds expended on it then would probably have pre vented further destruction; but now a clean breach has been made. Redruth Bridge is described as in a fearful state, with a hole in the middle not less than four feet square. Strange to say no steps have been taken to caution passengers, and it is feared some one will he hurt if it is not repaired immediately. Two Little Travellers.—The following juvenile adventure is related by the local paper:—"On Sunday afternoon Mr. J. T. Matthews, Kapunda, mustered his children as usual to go to Sunday-school, but found that two of his girls (aged respectively nine and seven years) were missing. A strict search was made for them, but it proved unsuccessful. At length it came out that these girls had been heard to talk of walking down to Adelaide to see an aunt residing there. Taking up this clue, Mr. Matthews at puce set off to walk down the line, and his son took the road, to join the line at Ford's Crossing. Sure enough on reaching Ford's Station Mr. Matthews found the little wanderers safe in Mr. Pulford's care. It appears that they really had started off for Adelaide, taking a little basket (we suppose of provisions) with them, and walked down the line as far as Ford's, by which time—the day being very hot —they had become thirsty, and went into the station to askfor a drink of water. Mr. Pulford casually asked them where they were going, and they replied to Adelaide. This aroused his sus picions, and after questioning the children and finding out where they came from, he decided not to let them proceed; so told them to come in and get some tea, of which evening meal they were comfortably partaking when their father arrived at Ford's." Gawleb Institute.—It is intended to have a grand fancy fair and exhibition of works of art, with scientific lectures and dramatic entertain ments, for the benefit of the funds of the Gawler Institute next month. Cbicket.—It is proposed at Mount Gambler to get up a match between the South- East and Adelaide. Several local gentlemen have inti mated their willingness to subscribe towards defraying the expense, and the Border Watch hash sufficiently good opinion of the players to believe that a team could be selected who would at all events make a creditable show against an Adelaide eleven. Reaping Match.—In the South-East it has been resolved to hold a reaping match on Wed nesday, February 15. There are to be two classes—the ordinary stripper and the improved compound winnower ana stripper. There is also to be a class for hand reapers. Messrs. Collins, Harvie, A. Smith, D. Renfrey, and W. Paitridge are to be the Judges of machines; Messrs. C. G-. Smith, J. Umpherston, and Bors of handreaping. Gold and Bismuth Discovery.—It was reported in town on Friday that a rich discovery of bismuth and gold had been made upon a section near Morialta. The specimens obtained have yielded, it is said, 40 per cent, of bismuth and five ounces of gold to the ton. Gold and Other Regulations. — A long Executive Council was held on Friday, February 10, and a large number of routine matters was disposed of. The regulations under the first, part of the Gold Miners Act of last session were passed, and will be published at once. The others, relating to the discovery df petroleum and coal, and to miners' residence leases, have yet to be passed, but no time will be lost in pre paring them for publication. Regulations re lating to timber, salt, and other licences have ' been revised and assented to. The Blanche.—No formal programme has been agreed upon for the entertainment of the officers of the Blanche during their stay in South Australian waters, but, of course, pro vision will made for rendering their stay here agreeable. Amongst the recreations recom mended is a kangaroo hunt on Yorke's Pen insula. Jetties and Lighthouses.—The Hon. the Treasurer returned to town on Thursday, Feb ruary 9, having previously, in company with the Commissioner of Public Works and Mr. Gait, inspected the jetties along the southern coast and the site for the new lighthouse at. Cape Jervis. The building is to be erected close to the point, and Mr. Hart is satisfied that the work can be done within the £600 voted for the purpose. It was his intention to have visited Cape Jaffa, but owing to the non-arrival of the Flinders as arranged, and the improbability of her being atNormanville for some little time, he thought it best to return to Adelaide. The Commissioner of Public Works will proceed to the Cape, and with the President of the Marine Board inspect the works which are now ap proaching completion, intending afterwards to fix the site for the keepers' cottages. The Private Secretary.—Mr. J. A. Fergus son, Private Secretary and Clerk of the Executive Council, is away on a brief visit to Melbourne. Inspection op Abeas.—Mr. Bonney left town in the early part of this week to inspect the i holdings on the agricultural areas in the North, j or such of them as have been in existence suffi cient time to have imposed the obligation upon ! the selectors of having a certain amount *of im- j provements completed. Snakes in Gawleb.—On Sunday last as Mr. ' T. Davidson was walking at the south end of Murray-street,{near Dead Man's Pass, he was startled on seeing a large snake close in front of him, which he had almost trcdden on. He instinctively jumped back, and was surprised to see the snake spring after him. This occurred on the bank at the side of the cutting. He then threw stones at the reptile, which glided over the bank and made rapidly for the water, but fortunately Mr. Davidson succeeded in breaking its back. On examination it. was found to be a black snake with a pink belly— one of the most deadly kind, we believe—and measured about five feet in length.—Gawler Times. BULLI Coal.—We understand that arrange ments have been made for supplying H.M.S. Blanche with the Bulli Coal Mining Company's coal, the experience of her engineers in Sydney having led to their preferring them to any other kind of coal. Mining Stock.—In illustration of the won derful depreciation that sometimes occurs inr mining stock, we may mention that a few ;-days ago a gentleman, who held 100 shares in the Wheal Hughes Mine, which cost him £5 ^per share, sold the lot for the sum of £1. _ ^ r Racing Club.—We believe action is being taken to endeavour to establish a Racing Club in South Australia on the joint-stock principle; the idea being that the turf may be made self-supporting. The Tariff in New South Wales.—We have been favoured with the following private telegram, dated Sydney, February 9:—"The tariff is under debate. The duty on bread stuffs is the same as in Victoria. There are numerous heavy fixed duties. Sficks are to be taxed Is. per dozen. In ad valorem duties there is one schedule at 5 per cent, and another at 10 per cent." Bushmen's Club.—On Thursday evening, February 9, a lecture on temperance was de livered in the Reading-room of the Bushmen's Club, by one of the members. The chair was occupied by Mr. Hosking, who had been specially invited to attend. After the Chairman had given a short introduction, the lecturer (Mr. Campbell) portrayed in truthful colours the religious, moral, and social aspects of tem perance. Dwelling forcibly on the ravages of strong drink, and illustrating his arguments by well-chosen examples of men of intellectual calibre who had fallen victims, he advocated total abstinence as the only safe remedy. In the happiest style he sketched pictures of bush life, and proved to a certainty that alcohol as a beverage was one of tbe bushmen's greatest foes. The bush public-house, its visitors, sheep farmers, stockriders, and shepherds, all passed in review, and we're so graphically and humor- ! ously sketched as to elicit much applause. At j the close votes of thanks were given to the I lecturer and Chairman, and several bushmen j took the pledge. Inman Valley.—Our correspondent at Yahka lilla hears sad accounts of the harvest at Inman Valley, and states that one farmer obtained 70 bags of wheat from 80 acres which he had under crop. Rust and blight have more or less affected the whole district, but there are a few exceptional yields of from 25 to 30 bushels to the acre. The Floods at Nairne.—On Monday even ing, our correspondent writes, we had the heaviest fall of rain ever witnessed by the oldest inhabitant. It set in at 6 o'clock, and continued about two hours a complete waterspout. The main street soon became covered with water, and the creek was swollen to a furious torrent. In the midst of tbe storm the Nairnites were alarmed by the screams of a female, proceeding from the creek. All within hearing hastened to the spot, and found that Mr. Parnell, in endea vouring to jump across, had slipped in, and been carried a considerable way down the stream. He had at last caught hold of a root of a tree, and extricated himself. His wife, who saw the accident, became naturally excited, and it was some time after he landed before sbe realized the fact that he was actually saved. Consider able damage has been done to the roads. A few loads of wheat have been brought to Nairne from near Woodubester, because they cannot get to Mount Barker via Chauncey's line. Many of the culverts have been washed away, and the road otherwise injured by the late storm. Glenbttrn Wesleyas Band of Hope.—A. meeting- of this Band was held in the Glenburn Wesleyan Church on Wednesday evening, February 8; Mr. Christie in the chair. An interesting address was delivered by Mr. Bawden. Recitations and readings were given in a creditable manner by Messrs. Baruh, Cornish, Gamble, and A. Murdoch, and by Misses M. and and A. Chapman and H. M. Thomas. A vote of thanks was presented to Mr. Gamble, whose zeal for the cause is worthy of all praise, and who is on the eve of leaving the neighbourhood. Departure of the Rev. T. Braithwaite.— On Thursday, February 9, a farewell tea meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, North Adelaide. Nearly 200 took tea, and at the public meeting which followed the chapel was crowded. Mr. J. Burden, the oldest local preacher in the Circuit, was voted to the chair. The Revs. J. Goodwin, J. Warner, and J. G. Wright expressed their regret at the departure of Mr. and Mrs. Braithwaite. Mr. Thomas Curtin then read the following address:— "To Brother T. Braithwaite. "Dear Sir and Brother—We desire to express our deep sorrow for the cause of your request ing the Conference to remove you from this colony. On being informed of your intention to sail this month a few of the friends conferred with each other as to the best way of giving you a token of respect and esteem in wbich you have been held as a minister of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. We beg you to accept the accompanying silver watch, which has been purchased for the occasion, together with the purse containing the balance of the subscriptions. We pray that the Almighty may abundantly bless you and your dear partner with renewed, health and vigour of body, and all the consolation of that Gospel you have so faithfully preached, and that you may be long spared to labour in the vineyard of the Lord in your motherland. We wish you a speedy and pleasant voyage. " Wo are, dear Sir, "Yours on behalf of the Circuit, " T. C. Curtin, Chairman. "G. Sweetseh, Treasurer. "G, Edwards, Secretary." Miss Kinsey, of Pancharpoo, then read the following address to Mrs. Braithwaithe :— "Dear Mrs. Braithwaithe—Your friends at Pancharpoo assure you that by your Christian example and earnest labours you hare endeared yourself to many who now regret your depar ture. Believing that, owing to the failing health of Mr. Braithwaite and in the order of Divine Providence you are leaving us, we wish you and Mr. Braithwaite a quick and pleasant voyage. We pray that He who 'holds the winds in His hands* may uphold the noble ship which shall bear you to the land of our fathers. We trust you and Mr. Braithwaite will be restored to your wonted health, that you may be able to labour on in the cause of the Great Master. Will you please accept a gold watch as a tangible token of our love. To you and Mr. Braithwaite we say farewelL" Mr. Braithwaite replied in suitable terms, and then delivered an address on "Twelve Years' Labour in South Australia." A large number remained to shake hands with Mr. and Mrs. Braithwaite, and to wish them a prosperous voyage. Shifting Population.—Our Nairne corres pondent writes:—" The migration from Calling ton has not yet ceased, wagon-loads of miners and their families are continually passing through Nairne, some for the Peninsula ana others for the Burra and Kapunda. This locality has sustained a severe blow by the stoppage of the Bremer Mine. Two thousand pounds a month taken out of a district these dull times is no joke. Hopes are enter tained that in less than a twelvemonth the mine will again be in full swing." National Bank Shakes.—Messrs. Parr and Luxmoore sold by auction on Saturday morning 12 National Bank shares at five guineas per share to Mr. John Chambers. Mil T. F. Wicksteed.—On Monday, the 6th instant, a complimentary dinner was given at Gray's Inn, Mount Barker, to Mr. T. F. Wick steed,- who has been Accountant of the National Bank there for the last four years, and has been appointed to the Auburn Branch. The dinner was provided in admirable style by Mr. and Mrs. Bundle, and there were about 30 gentle men present. Mr. J. G. Bamsay, M.P., occu pied the chair, and Mr. T. Paltridge, J.P., the vice-chair. After the usual loyal toasts, " The Health of the Guest of the Evening" was pro posed in highly complimentary terms by the Vice-Chairman, who took the opportunity of presenting bim with a valuable diamond ring on behalf of the members of the Institute, of which Mr. Wicksteed has been the indefatigable Secretary for the last four years. This toast, which was received with loud cheers and musical honours, was suitably responded to by Mr. Wicksteed, and was followed by the usual routine, during which the Chairman handed Mr. Wicksteed an address signed by nearly all the leading residents. A pleasant evening was spent, and the proceedings were brought to a conclusion about 12 o'clock* Return of the Governor.—His Excellency the Governor returned from Port Robe by the Blanche on Thursday. On leaving the vessel in the roadstead, she paid the usual compliment of manning the yards, and on His Excellency's reaching the jetty, the Aid-de-Camp, Mr. Morris, had so arranged that the drag was ready for instant transport en route for Government House. The Overland Telegraph.—The Govern ment have appointed Dr. Renner to the medical charge of the central parties of the Overland Telegraph. He is to leave for Port Augusta by the Lubra on Monday next. There is no news of importance from the Peake by the northern mails, but a report from Mr. John Ross on his return from the interior is shortly looked for. Mr. Ross anticipated meeting the advanced con struction parties by the beginning of January. The Unemployed.—The Government have dispatched a number of men to such districts along the line of railway where there was a prospect of their getting employment. About 60 others have been provided with work in exca vating the foundations for a sunk wall to sur round an extension of the airing-yard at the new Lunatic Asylum. Every care is being taken only to find employment for those men who have no means of seeking it elsewhere, and who,' unless supplied with work, would have to come upon the Destitute Board for rations. In prosecuting enquiries it has been_ found that several men have "Hone nothing At all since the labour test was ■discontinued. These have been denied assis tance on the ground that as they have managed to subsist for three months without work, they do not belong to the class that the Government should put itself out of the way to assist. It is a most unsatisfactory thing that this outcry for work should have been started so early in the year, and the circumstances must be very special indeed to justify the Cabinet in yielding to it. In other colonies Governments have been assailed with similar demands, but have not found it necessary to accede to them. @DSTOMS Receipts.—The abstract return of Customs receipts for the week ending January 4 gives the following results:—Port Adelaide— Spirits, £441 17s. lid.: tobacco and cigars, £66 18s.: miscellaneous, fixed duties, £1,994 9s. 7d.; ad valorem duties, £1,366 2s. 2d. Out ports—Port MacDonnell, £322 12s. Id.; Port Augusta, £3215s. 8d.; Adelaide, £1,061 3s. 5d. Total, £5,285 18s. 10d. Literary and Musical Entertainment Albehton.—We have been requested to dra attention to an advertisement of a series literary and musical entertainments to be hall monthly at St. George's Schoolroom, Alberton. The Itev. S. Green and others have kindly promised their services. The admittance will be 6<L, in order to enable the many poor people in that district to spend a pleasant evening. Hospital.—On enquiry we find that the trooper, James O'Shanahan, who was lately injured whilst riding, is suffering less pain, and hopes are entertained of his recovery. There are no external marks of injury; but the patient must have experienced a severe shock to the nervous system. Destitution.—During the month of January 450 persons received indoor, and 1,252 outdoor relief from the Destitute Board, making 1,702 in alL Of these 909 were males and 793 females. Towards these totals England con tributed 882, Ireland 584, Scotland 115, and other countries 121. Colonial Wines.—We have always urged on the colonial vigneron that if he were true to himself he would avoid the grave errors which have hitherto damaged the credit of our wines. We refer to the unwise and injurious habit which prevails in some parts of this colony of fortifying the -wines almost to as great an extent as in Adelaide. It is gratifying to find that there are some vignerons who are doing their best to abolish this mischievous habit, and amongst them we may mention the proprietor of the St. Hubert's Vineyard, Lillydale, whoso manager, Mr. Henry Hyne, has succeeded in producing the most agreeable wines, free from the objectionable acidity which most people dislike, and, what is still better, are almost non intoxicating. We have long hazarded the opinion that simple wines for common use as beverages might be produced which would not intoxicate even when freely drunk, and we think that Mr, Hyne has produced an article of^ the desired quality. His wines are wholesome, agreeable, and pure, and are a most desirable substitute for the abominations wbicb the people are every day forced to drink. The wines experimented on by us are Chasselas of two years old, and Burgundy of three years. These are of a most pleasing palatable nature, the first-named more especially so, and one which will become extremely popular when once tasted. We are informed they can be placed on the market at the cheap rate of about 12s. 6d. per dozen, and we should think ought to command a huge sale. —Melbourne Herald. Railway Traffic.—For the week ending February 4 the railway returns are as follows:— Port line—Passengers, number, 5,082; amount, £1977s.; goods, l,180tons 18cwt.,£100 5s. lid. Northline—Passengers,number, 1,869; amount, £446 8s. 4d.; goods, 5,322 tons 15J cwt., £2,350 3s. 5d. TetaJ receipts, £3,094 4s. 8<L North Adelaide Baptist Church.—We are informed that the late supplementary bazaar in aid of this church realized £46. The Burra Institute.—An entertainment on behalf of the funds of the Burra Institute was given in the Burra Hotel Assembly-rooms, on Tuesday evening, February 7. Mr. W. H. Bosman presided. Despite the unfavourable state of the weather a large number of persons attended. The programme, which was both varied and extensive, consisted of readings by the Rev. L. W. Stanton, M.A.; recitations by Messrs. Carvosso and Burns, with music and singing, kindly contributed by several ladies. Some amusing illustrations of negro life also added materially to the enjoyment of the evening. The Rev. Mr. StaDton's readings were. highly appreciated, and the gentlemen who recited gave equal satisfaction. The Christy Minstrels and ladies vied with each other in rendering their respective portion of the pro gramme, and from the hearty applause elicited all appeared to give general satisfaction. Among the lady amateurs were Mrs. Edlin, Miss Fumiss, and Miss Coglin. Mr. McClenaghar, at the conclusion, in eloquent terms proposed a general vote of thanks to all who had taken part, which was heartily accorded. Entertainment at the Burra.—A meeting in connection with Band of Hope established by the Bible Christians took place on Tuesday evening, February 7; the Rev. J. Rock, Presi dent, in the chair; Mr. John Snell ably filling the vice-chair. The Chairman, in an elaborate and exhaustive speech, dwelt upon the benefits arising throughout the world from the influence of temperance principles. The report read by Mr. Masterman was of an encouraging nature, and notwithstanding the unsettled state of the district the Band had maintained its way, and was in a goodfinancial position. Mr. J. Snell presented statistical information relative to the good results emanating from total abstinence, and gave a history of the rise of temperance and its progress throughout the world. Mr. Joseph Roberts followed, and some excellent singing, under the leadership of Mr. C.Thomas, with several recitations, helped to make the evening enjoyable. Votes of thanks and the inevitable collection concluded the meeting. South Australian Insurance Company.— We understand that the accounts of the South Australian Insurance Company show a profit for last year, of between £4,000 and £5,000, princi pally in the Marine Branch. The Directors in tend recommending a second dividend of 5 per cent., making a 10 per cent, dividend for the 12 months. The Rivers,—The Darling is reported to be rising rapidly at Bourke and Menindie, and the Murray as being very low. The body of a Chinaman, supposed to have been murdered, was lately found floating down the former river. From Wilcannia, on February 2, our correspon dent says:—"The river here has fallen about 14 feet, and reports from Bourke state that the rivers above are rising, and that at Wallgett the river is coming down a banker. The cattle from the Gulph, 670 head, travelling down the river in charge of Mr. Cuthbert, have been lately sold to Mr. John O'Shannessy, of Bourke, and taken deliveiy of." Export op Bark from Second Value v.—The quantity of wattle bark that will be shipped this season from Second Valley will probably exceed 625 tons. Messrs. Bean and Wilke have chartered the Baltic, of 700 tons, to proceed to the above port to load for England. The con tract for the new jetty is steadily proceeding under Mr. D. T. Jarman, and it is to be hoped that the next annual shipments of bark will be effected, and the future exports and imports of this important place be carried on, without the material inconvenience which has beeD so long experienced from the want of a jetty. The Commissioner of Public Works, the Treasurer, and Mr. Gault visited the works on Tuesday ( February 7), and appeared satisfied with what has been done. The Hon. J. Hodgkiss.—We regret to learn that the Hon. J. Hodgkiss is suffering from another accident. On Monday he went into the stall of a colt, which has resisted several efforts to break in, and whilst offering him some food the animal kicked him, breaking two of his ribs. The hon. gentleman is progressing favourably. o n The Overland Telegraph.—Messrs. Darwent and Dalwood have received satisfactory news, per telegraph from Townville, as to the progress of their expeditions. * The telegraph was in actual working for a distance of 90 miles from Palmerston, and the line was being laid at the rate of 15 miles per week. The different parties were all well, and working with great spirit. Sacred Concert.—On Tuesday evening some lady and gentlemen amateurs, to the number of about 40, comprising the choirs of most of the places of worship in the Port and its vicinity, ■combined for the purpose of giving a grand sacred concert in the Town Hall in aid of the funds of the Presbyterian Church. There was a first-rate attendance, very few of the seats in the body of the hall being unoccupied, whilst the gallery contained a large number. Mr. C. Betty wielded the baton, and Messrs. J. Bennett and A. Crooks officiated respectively at the harmonium and pianoforte; Mr. R. Kestle, violin; Mr. K. Bennett, violincello; and Mr. P. Kestle, cornet The programme, which commenced with an XAHi J ■overture by Handel, consisted of a number of anthems by J. Fawsett, T. Jerman, C. Ward, J. King, J. Figg, and others, the leading parts in which were sang by Misses Thomas, Ottaway, Christie, and Grosse; and Messrs. C. and R. Betty, Hodge, Lawton, Buchan, Caire, and ISnes. On the whole, the concert was most encouraging, the choruses being well sustained, and the solos, duets, trios, and quartettes exceedingly well rendered. A tenor solo by Mr. Dauhiney, "If God be for us," was sung correctly, but with scarcely sufficient strength for the accompaniment. Another tenor solo by Mr. Thompson, " Lord incline Thine Ear," from " Stabat Mater," was espe cially worthy of mention, and an encore being demanded Mr. Thompson sang " Hocked in the Cradle of the Deep" with equal success. Two solos by Mr. Betty were also deserving of notice. The Port Band assisted during the intervals, and at the. close of the programme the Bev. J. Henderson proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had contributed to the entertainment, which was duly seconded and carried with hearty applause. The National Anthem brought the entertain ment to a conclusion. Reported Outrage.—A correspondent from Hamley Bridge informs us that on Tuesday evening, January 21, " an outrage of a very unusual character" occurred there, but he has emitted to furnish us With any details beyond the fact that the perpetrator has been "dis covered." Hamlet Bridge.—The station at Hamley Bridge presents unusual signs of activity, and it is quite a sight to see the number of teamsters that are employed carting away the wheat, which is lying about in huge piles. The season is admitted to be one of the best that the North has had for the past 20 years. Messrs. Verco and Lees have an immense quantity of grain stacked ready for transmission the moment it is required. Lacepede Bat Institute.—The third annual meeting of the Institute was held in the Kingston Schoolroom on Wednesday evening, 25th inst. The President, Mr. E. S. Burkitt, occupied the chair; and there was a fair atten dance of the members. The Committee's report, read by the Secretary, shows the Institute to he in a prosperous condition, the library increasing (having now nearly 300 volumes), and a balance of £38 10s. 2d. in hand. —Border Watch. Land at Fijl—We observe from the Mount Gambier papers that an auctioneer is offering to let on lease 10,000 acres of Land_ on the island of Vavili, Fiji, and to sell three islands of the same group. The instructions come from Mr. F. R. Evans, who is now on a short visit at Mount Gambier. The Agricultural Areas.—We understand that the plans and definitions for a number of new agricultural areas are ready to be laid before the Cabinet, and that they will be pro claimed as soon as the necessary preliminaries have been complied with. In some cases the notice of resumption to pastoral lessees has not expired, and of course there will be some delay in throwing the land included in their leases open to selection. The Reported Coal Discovert.—We believe .that no decision has been come to in regard to the application for land on Kangaroo Island upon which to search for coal, pending the issue of regulations under the Mining Act of last session. The regulations are in type, and their publication will not be long delayed. Port Victor.—On Friday evening, the 3rd instant, a lecture on " Enoch Arden" was deli vered by Captain Louttit, of the ship St. Vincent, in connection with the Newland Memorial Church, Port Victor, the subject being illustrated by dissolving views. Mr. Tite ' occupied the chair. A vote of thanks to the lecturer closed a very pleasant evening's enter tainment, the proceeds of which amounted to nearly £13. The Gawler Accident.—The man Henry Ashby, who was hurt by a fall of earth at Gawler last Wednesday, was brought to town by the train on Tuesday, and admitted to the Hospital, as his case had assumed a somewhat serious aspect. Postal Eccentricities. — The currents of traffic are in the North much altered since the advent of railways, and towns have been raised or depressed as the result of trade running in new channels. The postal service has also been necessarily reorganized to the advantage of some places, and the detriment of others. It b«« been difficult, doubtless, to give villages on the Aid Burra-road facilities at all like what they previously had when' stage coaches ran along stopping at each, and the townships between Saddleworth or Riverton and Kapunda on the Hamilton-road are very badly off. There may be some show of excuse on the ground of ex pense, or some other, why Marrabel, Hamilton, and Allandale should not have frequent and direct communication north and south, though the inhabitants of each doubtless fail to recog nise the validity of the reasons alleged. But at the upper end of the Northern Extension rail way there cannot be the ghost of a cause shown for the arrangement in force. Here is the state of affairs. Some one goes to Farrell's Flat, or any station between the Burra and Riverton, in the evening, before the up-train has passed, and ■ posts a letter for Kooringa; the missive, how ever, cannot go by that train, but remains in the office, and with any others posted up to 8.30 a.m. next day is sent down the line to Riverton, coming at noon to the starting point, and then going on_ to the Burra. The same interesting and intricate process is repeated with letters sent from Kooringa to intermediate stations, for what reason no one but the veriest redtapist could possibly state. People often reap advan tage from travel, but the " longest way round— the nearest way home" is a ma-rim for lovers, not letters, and the benefit to co&espondence; from its being detained many hours, and carried double or treble the distance that is required, is hardly appreciable. There is no more efficient department in the Government service than the portal, and it may therefore confidently be be lieved that this anomally has only to be pointed out in order to be remedied.—Register.—In refe rence to the above paragraph (says a subsequent Register), we are informed that the difficulties were occasioned by there being no mail guard beyond Riverton, the railway postmaster being too busy when the train is in to receive and make up road-hags. It has now, however, been arranged for officers beyond Riverton to forward mails for the Burra by the "down tram," instead of by the " up train" to Riverton. Having no guard beyond Riverton, it .cannot be arranged, we are informed, for the intermediate offices to have direct correspondence, and in the schedule of mails for which tenders are called it is in tended, as far as possible, to place Hamilton, Maxrabel, and other offices on that road in a position to have quicker communication both North and South. Chimney on Fire.—At about half-past 1 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon it was reported that a fire had broken out in Hindley-street, "but it was soon discovered that it was nothing more than a chimney on fire at the back of .Messrs, Main and Geyer'-s. Two reels were •quickly on the spot, but their services were not needed. Stbeakv Bat.—A correspondent, writing on February 3, states that there were a good many visitors at Streaky Bay during the Christmas holidays. A man named Hamilton, in the eourse of an impromptu hurdle race, met with an accident through a dog running in front of -.his Bore®, which tripped, and fell heavily. The rider was picked up it was supposed dead, but ■ jp three or four hours he was all right again, without any appearance of injury except a bruise on the forehead. On the 20th of Decem ber a little boy three years old fell into a tank 10 feet deep with, fire feet of water in it. He was taken out by his father In about five minutes, when he was black in the face, and apparently lifeless, but after vigorous friction with salt for a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes he recovered. The Weatheb.—During the last week the weather has been unusually capricious. On Sunday evening a violent duststorm set in with some indications of an approaching thunderstorm. The night was sultry, but the next morning gave decided indications of a change. In the afternoon the barometer began to fall rapidly, and from 8 till 9 o'clock in the ^yenijjg the rain came down in _ torrents. It is 'curious that these atmospheric disturbances should occur midway-between two Saxbjr days, namely the 2nd and 9th, but so it is. In the hills it rained daring the greater part of the night, and part of Tuesday morning. Since then the weather has Jteen cloudy and com paratively cool. Ministerial Inspections.—Ob Monday the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. Gait, Engineer, left Adelaide for NormanvQle, intending on Tuesday to inspect various jetties on the Southern coast, and fix the .site for the Cape Jervis Lighthouse, a work authorized by Parliament just before the prorogation. On Tuesday evening the Ministers will board the Flinders on her return from Port Lincoln, and proceed to Cape Jaffa. After examining the works at the lighthouse there they will agree upon the position of the keepers' cottages, and come back to Adelaide overland; the Flinders, with Captain Ferguson on board, continuing her usual round of inspection. It is understood that the Treasurer and Commis sioner of Public Works will return to town on Sunday evening. Fining Customs-House Officers.—Mr. J. M. Sinclair writes to us as follows:—"Some time since the Treasurer, in reply to Mr. Quin, stated in the House of Assembly that orders had been issued to repay the fines received con trary to. law from certain officers. I believe the fines in question have not yet been repaid. If so, why does not the Treasurer see that his engagements are carried out ?" An Upset.—On Sunday morning a person named Hemmingway was driving with a lady down Hindley-street, when the horse shied and ran against the lamppost opposite the City Bridge Hotel, upsetting the trap and throwing the occupants violently on the pavement. Happily nothing further than a few bruises resulted from the mishap. The lamp, however, sustained a severe fracture of the glass. Accident.—On Saturday evening, February 4, a four-wheeled public conveyance was upset near the Morphett Arms on the Bay-road. The passengers were thrown out and more or less shaken by the fall; the only one, however, who was much injured being Mr. H. Aplin, of Run dl e-street, who had his hip severely bruised. The front of the trap was shattered, and the horses bolted with the pole, but were stopped further down the road. Interesting Will Case. — The Melbourne Daily Telegraph of the 1st states:—"A decision of some interest as affecting marriages was given .by His Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth in the Equity Court yesterday. A Mr. William Swan, a resident of Victoria, having duly made a will here, leaving his property chiefly to his children, went in the year 1868 to Scotland on a visit. Arrived there he married Miss Catherine Macarthur, who was his deceased wife's niece. He subsequently died, and his executors here obtained probate of the will, there being no opposition. Afterwards the widow applied that probate should be revoked, on the ground that the will was revoked by her marriage. The application was opposed, the contention being that the marriage was illegal in Scotland, and against this it was urged that the domicile of the parties being in Victoria, Mr. Swan having been_ only on a visit to Scotland when he married, and the marriage being only voidable here and not absolutely void, the will was re voked by the marriage. His Honor, after con sulting various authorities, came to the con clusion that the will was revoked by the marriage, and he therefore revoked the probate. Queensland Wool.—Several drays have lately passed through Strathalbyn on their way to Adelaide loaded with river-borne wool from Queensland. This is strong evidence (says the Southern ArgusjthsA thisrouteispreferredbythe Queensland squatters, and there can be no doubt that very little concession on the part of our Government is necesary to secure the whole of the up-river traffic. The quantity of wool brought down this season is something enormous, and we anticipate with confidence that next season, should it prove favourable, the quantity will be more than doubled. The Late Mb. J. W. O. Bennett.—We have seen in St. Paul's Church a tablet just erected to the memory of the late Mr. J. W. O. Bennett, who, it will be remembered, was murdered by the natives in the Northern Territory. It is executed in Caen stone, consists of a cusped canopy, supported by small shafts with carved caps, moulded, and with an octagonal basis. The basis rests upon a corbel table, with carved enrichment underneath. The tablet proper is surrounded by a rope moulding, and bears the following inscription:—"In Memoriam, —J. W. O. Bennett, who died May 28,1869, at Port Darwin, Northern Territory, from spear wounds inflicted by the natives at Fred's Pass. Nolite flere: non est mortuus, sed dormit.— Luc. viiL, 52. Erected by his brother officers and schoolfellows." Farewell Dinner.—Mr. Wm. Clare Taylor, for many years past managing conveyancing clerk in the practice now carried on by Messrs. Knox & Thrupp, being about to leave the colony en route for England, a few of his friends invited him to a farewell dinner prior to his departure. The entertainment took place on Tuesday evening last, at the Prince Alfred Hotel, and passed off with great eclat, nearly 40 persons being present. The viands, provided by Host Aldridge, were of the most recherche style, and the respective posts of Chairman and Vice-Chairman were most effectively filled by Mr. Thos. Worsnop and Mr. W. S. Miller. The Chairman proposed "The Health of the Guest," which was duly responded to, and the evening's proceedings were enlivened by some firstrate songs by several of the gentlemen present. Concert at Glenelg.—On Monday evening an amateur concert in aid of the building fund ■of St. Peter's Schoolroom and Lecture Hall, Glenelg, was given at that place by a number of ladies and gentlemen, who have on several pre vious occasions rendered most acceptable service. There was a large and fashionable audience. The programme -was a choice one, and most of its component parts were gone through in a manner far beyond that ordinarily to be met with at amateur concerts. The lady who sang "The Spirit Song" has very fine powerful soprano voice, which she used to great advantage, and secured a large amount of applause. In all her songs, which were in very different styles, she was equally admirable, and in a " morceau" of " The Last Rose of Summer," from the Reminicenze Melodiche of Azditi, was charming. The lady, who shared with her the honours of the evening gave " When the quiet moon is beaming" with great delicacy and sweetness, which was encored. A duet between these two soprani was likewise encored. A gentleman with an excellently trained baritone contributed several very effec tive solos, and took part in a duet, " Highborn Beauty," which was imperatively redemanded. Another gentleman—a German—had to submit to the same compliment for his singing of a ballad in his native tongue. A duet on the guitar and maehette (a diminutive guitar) by two ladies was exceedingly pretty, and some part songs by a dozen performers were capitally given. Amongst the other noticeable features were a cornet solo, and the song, "Bid me Discourse," both of which were much appreci ated. Early Closing.—A special meeting of the Retail Drapers' Assistants' Association, to which assistants of other trades were also invited, was held at the Prince - Alfred Hotel on Monday evening; Mr. G. Macdonald was voted to the chair, in the absence of the Chairman (Mr. C. T. Lovell), who was in the country. There were about 20 present. The Secretary (Mr. C. A. Pearee) stated that the meeting was called through the action of the employers the previous Thursday. They wished the canvassing to be finished by Thursday, February 16, when they believed something definite would be done, and asked that 18 others might be appointed to assist in the work. Many of the Committee considered that canvassing the city and suburbs was the main thing to which attention should be first directed. One or two gentlemen present reported that a large number of signatures had been obtained to the papers approving of the movement, the refusals to sign being few. It was also stated that the public seemed to take a great interest in the matter, and con sider that the hours were too long. The follow ing gentlemen were appointed to assist in can vassing:— Messrs. Garood, Grey, Tier, G. McDonald, Pellew, Cox, Dorsett, Lawton, Clark, Rains, Maries, Saltwell, Macdonald, Wreford, and Ougden. The meeting closed with thanks to the Chairman and Press. Discovery op Coal at Kangaroo Island.— Mr. Noltenius has, for himself and others, for warded an application to the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the reward offered for the dis covery of a coal-field in South Australia. The site indicated is near Hog Bay, Kangaroo Island, The regulations for working coal-fields are pre pared, and will shortly be gazetted. Entertainment.—On Friday evening, Feb. 3, the monthly entertainment of the Pulteney street Elocution Class was held in the School room. There was a very large attendance. The was occupied by Mr. W. Ad am son in the absence of the President. The programme, which, was a lively one, consisted of recitations, which were well delivered by Messrs. A. H. Neale, C. Gurr, F. Redman,^ and G.^PuUman; Alfrel^earcy and F. Redmair; mid a couple of farces, which were well got up, by members of the class. Desecration.—A portion of the inhabitants, of Watervale were lately much annoyed by three horsemen racing. on a Sunday .down the main road from aid to "end 'of the* town at top speed, apparently for a bet or prize. Apart from the danger attending such a practice in such a place, the act was a wilful insult to those who consider rightly that the day should be otherwise spent. Nabbow Escapes.—"On Saturday evening, January 28," writes the Goolwa correspondent of the Southern Argus, "a little boy, a son of Mr. Olfenbein, of Goolwa, fell from the wharf into the river. He succeeded, however, in laying hold of one of the piles forming the jetty, and there he clung until rescued by Mr. Sparks, of the steamer Providence, who saved him by promptly swimming to Ins assistance.—This evening another lad, a son of Captain Ritchie, of this township, fell between the Telegraph and her barge, but was also saved by the presence of mind shown by a young lad named Daniel McFie, who caught hold of a rope and lowered his feet down within reach of the drowning boy, who instantly laid .hold, and thus supported himself until Mr. Watts, of the Providence, dashed into the current and laid firmer hold of him, and saved him from danger. It is very pleasing to note the promptness and pluck so readily shown on all occasions when necessary by the hands on our river steamers in cases of drowning, more especially when we consider the dangerous nature of the very strong current which rashes by our wharf. It shows plainly that our ' river men' are of the right stamp, and equal to any emergency, and that, although' en occasions they may be a little rough, still they possess the genuine qualities of generosity and bravery, which never fail to become de veloped in the hour of need."—The Bmiyip relates the following hairbreadth escape:—" Mr. Carey, of the Five-Mile-Plain, while at work on Tuesday last on his farm, went to a partially covered water-pit for a drink, when, hearing a peculiar sound in the pit, he looked attentively underthe coveredpartofthewateranddiscovered the body of a child floating on the surface, and on rescuing it found it to be that of bis own son, four years old. The father's feelings and those of the family may be imagined. Means-for restoring the little fellow to life were anxiously employed for more than an hour, Dr. Popham being sent for in the interim, who on reaching the spot found indications of still existing ani mation, and ultimately the child, which but for the father'svisrttothepitmust have perished, was restored to life, and though greatly exhausted, is now likely to escape being the subject of a Coroner's inquest." DrnifEB. to Mb. Strasgwats at Geenelg.— A preliminary meeting was held on Tuesday evening, February 7, at the St. Leonard's Inn, Glenelg, for the purpose of considering the propriety of giving a farewell dinner to the Hop. H. B. T. Strangways prior to his departure for England. It was decided' that a dinner should be given to the hon. gentleman, and that it should he open, not only to the old volunteers, but to the residents of Glenelg generallv. The meeting was adjourned to a future day to ascertain-the probable number that would have to be provided for, and also to consult Mr. Strangways as to the time that would be most convenient for holding the valedictory enter tainment. Rescue from Drowning.—Mr. Barrett, chief officer of the St. Vincent, gallantly rescued from drowning a man who, whilst in a state of intoxi cation, had fallen from the wharf on Monday evening. It appears that after retiring to bed he heard the splash, and upon going, on deck, with the aid of a lantern, saw the man strug gling in the water. He immediately jumped in to his assistance, and succeeded in rescuing him, notwithstanding the darkness of the night, from what must otherwise have been a watery grave. Horticultural and Floricultural Society. —The usual meeting of the Committee of this Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday afternoon, February 1. Present—Mr. F. S. C. Driffield (President), Dr. Wylde, Messrs. W. Everard, J. G. Hoffman, E. W. Wright, and W. Hackett (Secretary). No business of any importance was done. The President exhibited collections of Gloxinia, Hibiscus and Fuchsias, Salvia amabilis, Dioclea glycinoides, Trachalium, Ipomea lachnospermea, Triumo lutea, and other flowers. The Central Road Board.—The following gentlemen have been again nominated by the Government to serve as members of the Central Board of Main Roads:—Mr. G. McEwin, J.P., of Glen Ewin, and Mr. R. Smith, J.P., of O'Halloran Hill. The Board will therefore consist of Messrs. A. Hallett, J.P., T. Playford, M.P.,| H. Warren, J.P., F. Hannaford, J.P., G. McEwin, J.P., and R. Smith, J.P. Wheat in the North. — Wheat is "now coming in fast, says the Gawler Times, and the mills are in full work from Monday morning until midnight on Saturday. We regret still to hear that some damaged parcels have had to be rejected as not worth half the price of sound wheat. During two days last week upwards of 2,600 bags of wheat were taken in at the Victoria Mill, and 2,500 bags of flour delivered. This, however, has been surpassed in former years, at least as far as concerns the quantity of wheat received, and it may be so during the present season, the hustle of which is only just beginning. The Eapunda paper says:— "During the week a considerable quantity of wheat has found its way into Eapunda—so much, indeed, that the goods-shed is already full up, and stacks commenced to be made outside, in consequence of the scarcity of rolling-stock. This is not as it should be. In ordinary business, if a firm has notice that it will shortly have a rush of work it makes all possible provision beforehand, and the railway authorities should act on the same principle. For the past three months it has been a recog nised fact that we should have a large harvest, and that the railway facilities would be taxed to the utmost, and yet, at the very commencement of the rush we find the stock inadequate to the work. It is said there are lots of wheels and axles in the railway workshops which could be easily fitted as temporary trucks by means of rough planking. If this is the case the autho rities are certainly to blame if tbey do not make the utmost of all the means at their dis posal; for the present small fush is as nothing to that which will shortly set in and continue for some months. To be forewarned is to be forearmed, and the railway authorities certainly cannot plead, that this rush of work has come upon them unexpectedly." Biblewohan's Mission.—The fourth report of the North-East Adelaide Biblewoman's Mission contains the following information :— " Of the Biblewoman's mission work of the past year there is very little to report, the nature of the work being quiet and undemonstrative. It is marked rather by silent progress than by startling results. Bibles have been fctrodueed into homes hitherto destitute of them; and when families are furnished with Bibles, such serials as the 'Sunday at Home,' 'Good Words,* &c.;, have been subscribed for, and these books have been the means, of inducing many heads of families to spend their evenings at home who formerly spent them in public-houses. Bibles to the amount of £30 8s. 4d. have been distributed during the year, with six New Testaments, three Common Prayer Books, six hymn books, and serials to the amount of £5 13s. The work of the Mission has been perhaps more useful in the last year than in any former one, owing to the great poverty and sickness which have prevailed among the pom-, and never were the rails upon the sympathy and help of the Bible woman so great. The Committee have keenly - felt the insufficiency of their funds to meet the numerous cases of suffering and distress which have been weekly brought before them, and. had not other means sometimes enabled them to relieve a few of the worst cases, the feeling of helplessness would have been still more painful. The Biblewoman has during the year paid from 50 to 60 visits each week, and numbers are anxious to receive her whom it is quite impos sible for her to reach. The extensive calls upon her energies resulted towards the close of the winter in a severe illness, which laid her aside for six weeks; she was, however, after a visit to the seaside able to resume her duties. But there is still a pressing necessity for a second agent. In April a suitable woman presented herself, and was taken on trial, but the fundshot per mitting a sufficient remuneration she was obliged to accept another sphere of labour. From the extreme depression among the working classes the amounts paid into the Bank and Clothing Club have been smaller than in any previous year; £33 3s. 3d. was deposited in the former, but nearly the whole has been withdrawn to meet times of pressing need. The subscribers to the Clothing Club have been 71, and they have paid in" £49 2s. 9£d., but many of these were able to afford only a few pence to purchase some small articles of clothing for their children. The Committee have been asked if persons wishing to procure clothing at a cheap rate to give to the poor could be supplied from their stock, and they take this opportunity of stating that it will give them pleasure to furnish any charitable individuals with whatever they may require for such a purpose. The fortnightly meeting of the Mothers' Association in connec tion with the Clothing Club is well attended, and much appreciated by the poor women of the district. The Committee wish to express their gratitude to the Deacons of Hindmarsh-square Church for their continued kindness in giving them the use of their large room for the mothers' meeting. The usual tea for the members of the Clothing Club, to commemorate the establishment of the Mission, was held in January, in the Ebenezer Church, which was kindly lent for the occasion—numbers were present and much enjoyed the evening's enter tainment. In the month of October the Com mittee -received a handsome present of tracts to the amount of £5 from the London Tract Society, for which they wish to record their heartfelt thanks." The receipts for the year amounted to £62 14s. 10d., and the disburse ments to £91 8s. 10d. The Unemployed.—We learn that the Go vernment have communicated with various District Councils in the colony for information. as to whether men could find employment in their districts, and in some instances the replies have been in the affirmative. The Government will, we believe, shortly consider the subject in all its bearings. Biveb. News.—Our correspondent writes from Blanchetown, under date February 5, as follows: —" The Queen arrived here at 8 a.m. with 140 bales wool, and reports all rivers falling, and wool nearly all down. The steamer Jupiter was at Wentworth when we left on her way down. About 9 p.m. on the 3rd instant the engineer of the Queen (Mr. Cameron) fell overboard, and it must have been 40 minutes before he was missed. As soon as we discovered his loss we turned the vessel's bow up stream, and after steaming one hour and 10 minutes, found him on an island none the worse, but weak from exhaustion in swimming to the bank. On arriving at Murtho on Saturday morning we learnt the sad news of the death by drowning of two fine girls, aged respectively 15 and 17 years, which happened on Die evening of the 3rd instant. The parents were nearly heart broken by the sad event. The steamer Black Swan, passing Murtho the same evening. Captain W. R. Randell successfully grappled for the bodies, and with praiseworthy kindness supplied the timber, and waited nearly a whole day till his carpenter made the coffins. Not a man was on the station at the time of the occurrence, and no one witnessed the sad event except a boy five years old." New Industry.—We are pleased to learn that our enterprising fellow colonists, Messrs. D. and W. Murray, are purchasing opossum skins for shipment to England for the manufacture of gloves. The opossum has for many years past been a great nuisance in the wooded country and hilly districts throughout the colony. The white gum trees in many localities have been almost entirely destroyed by these vermin, and the injury they do to gardens, " orchards, vineyards, and wheat crops is astonish ing. An opossum was killed a few days ago, and nearly half a pound of ripe wheat was found in its paunch. They are very partial to young wheat, and will devour the crops from the time they first shoot above the ground until' harvest. The notion has been thrown out that the ravages of the opossum may have something to do with the poor crops obtained in the hills, but further information on this point will be' needed before it is accepted. It is to be hoped the liberal price which is offered for the skins may induce some of our unemployed to turn their attention to procuring them. After a little practice both men and boys may be able to earn good wages at this occupation. Robe Town.—Our correspondent, under date February 4, says:—"The Beatrice has been here for a few days again taking soundings, and has sailed to-day, I believe, for Rivoli Bay. There is to be a concert at the Institute (the usual monthly entertainment) on Monday nest under the special patronage of Lady Edith. Some members of the viceregal household are also kindly contributing to the entertainment." The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson.—This able and respected clergyman left the colony for Mel bourne en route to Auckland, New Zealand, on Tuesday, the 31st ult. We regret to learn that the rev. gentleman's departure was owing to ill health and exhaustion, consequent on the faithful performance of the duties appertaining to his charge. Mr. Ibbetson has been ailing for some time, but, nerved by a strong sense of duty, he would not abandon his post until abso lutely compelled to do so. Several times during the past three weeks he has been seized with fits, which his medical adviser considered so serious a symptom as to necessite Mr. Ibbetson's withdrawal from duty for some considerable period. Accordingly the matter was taken in hand by the rev. gentleman's congregation, and the result was the offer of three or four months' leave of absence, which offer Mr. Ibbetson accepted. But the congregation did not con tent themselves with this expression of their esteem, they determined to show their appre ciation of their pastor's self-denying labours by supplementing the leave of absence with some thing to lighten the time and make it pass more agreeably, and the result of their decision was handed to Mr. Ibbetson a short time previous to his departure in the shape of a purse of £80, which sum was collected by the Churchwardens in the short space of two days. On Sunday, the 29th ult., Mr. Ibbetson preached his farewell sermon to his people at St. John's Church. There are few true Protestants in South Aus tralia who will not join with us in wishing Mr. Ibbetson a pleasant holiday, and a happy return to his duties with renewed health and vigour. There are few men in the colony whose perma nent absence would be more felt than that of Mr. Ibbetson.—Protestant Advocate. The Telegraph and Post-Office at King ston.—In reference to a letter recently pub lished in our columns, signed "M. M.," com plaining of inconvenience to the public from the multifarious duties devolving upon the single official in charge of the Post-Office and ' Telegraph, -we are informed that the business of those two offices is very light; that the Local Court sits only once in two months, so that the Postmaster's duties as Clerk of the Court cannot very seriously inconvenience the public, and that no official representation has been made_ to the Government of the existence of any practical difficulties arising from the amalgamation of the various offices. It is by such a system only that the Government are enabled to offer facilities to isolated localities, and the settler who has to wait an hour or so after riding 20 miles to send a telegram is at all events better off than if he had to depend upon the Post Office alone. Searching for Coal.—The Wallaroo Times understands that the Commissioner of Public Works has agreed to let a resident-of Wallaroo have the Government boring-machine at a rent of 20s. per week, to prospect for a coal seam, and that the locality to be tested is within 20 miles of Adelaide, but in what direction it is unable to state. The Unemployed in New Zealand.—The Auckland unemployed have been imitating to some extent the example of disorderliness set by the discontented workmen of Adelaide some months ago. From a lengthy report which ap pears in the New Zealand, Herald of the 20th January we learn that on the previous morning a deputation of the unemployed waited upon the Superintendent and Executive of the province, in • accordance with a resolution passed at a meeting of the Working Men's Protection Society, for the purpose of presenting a peti tion, asking the Superintendent to find work for them. Mr. Wetton (the* President of the So ciety), Mr. Alexander Russell (the Vice-Presi dent), and Mr. Tomlinson (the Secretary) were selected to "interview" the Superintendent and present the petition, while the remainder of the men—some 250 in number—waited outside until the'result was known. .A long conversation took place, in the course of which it was stated by Mr. Mitchell, the Treasurer for the gold-fields, that a deputation of workmen had previously waited on the Government, and had been promised work at stonebreaking, the only kind of employment which the authorities were in a position to give. The price offered was 3s. 6d. per yard. The men said if they .could get 4s. a yard they would take it, and consider it satisfactory. The point was conceded, and the price of labour raised ; since then he. had heard - of _ no want of such employment or destitution. After further conversation the deputation was assured that the Government had no other employment to offer, and at the close of the interview Mr. Russell went outside and informed the men as to what had taken place. There was considerable confusion on the re sult being known, the men declaring that they neither wanted charity nor to breakstones, at which they said they could not earn their salt. Some of the leading spirits suggested that they should demand to see the Superinten dent there and then—that he should be called upon to address them en masse, and explain to them viva voce what he intended to do. About 30 of them, as an advance guard, then went on to the steps and sent the messenger in, request ing that His Honor should come out and address them. The messenger brought back the answer that His Honor declined to see them, upon winch the crowd got highly excited, and talked about forcing their .way in to him, pulling down the building, attacking the Council Chamber, and other threats of a similar character. At length matters began to wear such a serious aspect that Mr. Wetton, the President of the Society, thought it advisable to again make his way into the Superintendent's office, where he was. in formed that the Superintendent could not see the men. Mr. Wetton returned with the answer, which excited the crowd worse than ever, and one or two of the ringleaders talked about using physical force. A mass of the. men then flocked into the corridor and right up to the Superin tendent's door, .which there was some talk of bursting upon, although it was not locked- For about 20 minutes this scene continued, when Mr. Broham, Inspector of Police, came _up, ac companied by Detective Ternahan, both in plain clothes, and after a good deal of trouble induced the crowd to disperse. It vfas subsequently re solved to hold a monster meeting and to for ward a petition to the Victorian Government, asking for employment.—Argus. The Sydney Wool Show.—In addition to Mr. C. B. Fisher, Mr. C. Sabine also exhibited South Australian wool, which, though not obtaining a prize, received the commendation of the Judges. Nabracoorte on the Road Question.— The correspondent of the Border Watch writes as follows "The people in the township were ■ rather taken aback at reading in the report of tire meeting at Penola respecting the communi cation between the South-East and the sea board that Narracoorte was represented. There were three gentlemen who said they represented their colleagues at Narracoorte. It is well known that two of these gentlemen are bitter enemies to the welfare of the township—so bitter that when Mr. Conner used his exertions to procure a railway from Lacepede Bay they and their brother squatters sent him to 'Coventry,' and he was forced to leave the township in consequence of losing their support. The third gentleman is a manager for a firm in Mount Gambier, and although a sincere and upright man, he works in the cause of his master, of course. Fidler & Webb have far greater interest in the prosperity of Mount Gambier than that of Narracoorte. Much has been said in favour of Mount Gambier and a tramway to Rivoli Bay, but I do not see why a few words should not be said in favour of Narracoorte and Lacepede Bay. The latter will be far the cheaper track, and I do not see why the farmers who have bought the land under promise of a good road, tramway, or railway, should be swindled." Buried and Disinterred.—The Sydney correspondent of the Argus gives the following particulars of an affair to which our telegraph intelligence has already referred:—"Mr. Buchanan on Wednesday introduced to the House a subject which has been largely the talk of the town for some weeks past. The late Mr. Daniel Egan, the Postmaster-General, was a Roman Catholic, and was buried in the con secrated ground at Petersham, with all the usual formalities, and with a full attendance of the clergy; but, without the knowledge of his family, and without any sanction from the Government, the body has been exhumed and placed in the un consecrated corner of the cemetery. This was done by order of some of the priests of St. Mary's, and the ground for it is that Mr. Egan did not die in the odour of sanctity. He was at the time living with a woman, to whom some of his friends professed to believe that he was married. The person in question, as well as a priest, was kept in con stant attendanceduringnislast moments, in order that a marriage might be effected, but as after the apoplectic stroke Mr. Egan never regained consciousness, the marriage was not possible. Great indignation has been expressed at the clerical violation of the grave. It is contrary to law to disinter a body, and many Catholics say that it is contrary to the law and practice of the Church, and that the Archbishop was not cognizant of the transaction. The Trustees of the burial- ground also profess to repudiate it. In that case there are at least three separate authorities that have been defied— the Government, the Head of the Church, and the Trustees, and they ought to be all three interested in finding out and punishing the delinquents. The Government has offered a reward for information, but Sir James Martin says that he has not yet obtained any adequate legal evidence. It would not, however, be really difficult to find out who the offending parties were, but it is easy to understand that the Government is not anxious to press the enquiry. The Fab North.—A correspondent of the Gawler Times writes from Kanyaka on January 30:—"Although being unfortunately placed beyond the line of Goyder's rainfall, we have had delightfully cool weather for the last two or three weeks, finishing up wtih a twelve hours' rain, which ended on the morning of the 30th instant. There is abundance of feed in every direction, and if you were to hobble your horse anywhere you would not have far to go in search for it in the morning. The condition of the teams returning from Mount Margaret is quite pleas ing to see; they generally camp in this important town, which is on the great northern road, and consists of a large general store, a blacksmith's shop, and the inevitable pub—population, all told, about 20 souls. But everything must have a beginning, and this may be a large town in a short time. A little money laid out on the road from Port Augusta through here to the Blinman is what everybody here requires, and would be much less, expensive than a railway." Wheat Carriage.—Our Auburn correspon dent says that some carters are likely to start in the carrying trade in opposition to the railway. A New Mode of Self-Destruction. — The Kingston correspondent of the Mount Ganibier Standard says:—" I have alsq to report a very melancholy death that occurred on the Cairn bank Station, about 22 miles from here, on the Narracoorte-road. It is that of a young man named Alfred Davis, nephew of Mr. John Hensley, of Cairnbank. He was missing at the homestead on Thursday afternoon, January 19, and supposing he had missed his way, search was made by the men on the station all through the night, frequently firing off guns and carry ing lanterns on poles in hopes of attracting his attention. On Friday morning he was found drowned in a waterhole about a quarter of a mile from the house. There was very little water in the hole, and he had evidently kept himself under by means of large stones which were found on his head and breast. An inquest was held by James Cooke, Esq., J.P., and a Jury from this place, and a verdict brought in that the deceased had destroyed himself during a fit of temporary insanity. Mr. Davis was a young man, and would have been only 20 years of age on the day of the inquest. He was of a quiet unassuming' disposition, and was much esteemed by those who knew him intimately. He only arrived in the colony last October, and from a sense of loneliness was much given to despondency." Sandhurst Mbchanics Institute. — "We have received by post a copy of the annual report of this Institute. A year of steady progress is disclosed. The total circulation of books for the year was 16,318, as against 11,602 in 1869.. The balance-sheet shows an excess of- receipts over expenditure during 1870 of £169 2s. lOd. An effort is being made to establish a museum and school of mines in con nection with the Institute, and an application has been forwarded to Government for £500 in furtherance of this obiect. at?fas in the South-East.—The Border Watch says:—"The Government have been resuming runs wholesale in the South-East, and we believe it is their intention to declare several more agricultural areas as soon as practicable. As this is a matter of very considerable impor tance, not only to the farmers and lessees, but to the colony at large, we hope some amount of discretion, will be used in the selection of the areas. Those who know the district will know its patchy character, and that the proclamation of areas in some localities while inflicting an injury on the Crown lessees would be like offering a stone to a hungry man. We are led to malm t.tiig remark from the character of a good deal of the land which the Government have notified their inten tion to resume. Much' of it, especially between Robe and Narracoorte, and Bobe and Penola, is of the most worthless description, and, we may assert without hesita tion, at present totally unfit for agricultural purposes. Why, then, is it resumed without discrimination in such wholesale quantities? It is only mocking farmers to declare areas in which -they cannot settle, and it is injuring the colony at large by crippling needlessly an im portant industry. It is possible a few fertile patches may be selected over the whole of the area indicated, but it will be at the expense of hundreds of square miles of bad country, for supposing the little oasis which do exist were picked out, the remainder would be valueless. It is too poor to do anything with at present. There will be a tempta tion to pick out these spots, but if the rest of the country is left an unprofitable waste it will not be for the benefit of the colony that such should be the case. Areas ought, as far as possible, to be blocks of good land, or at all events, blocks with a large per centage- of good land.- And we should urge that such blocks should be exhausted before ' turning selectors into the scrubby ranges and gluey flats to the west ef the Mosquito Plains. We wish it to be understood, however, that we do not deprecate the bringing of blocks of good land in the locality referred to, if they exist, under the area system; but would merely warn against that indiscriminate declaration of areas which the resumption-notices would lead us to believe the Government intend to pursue. We would wish the Government to deal fairly with farmer and squatter." The Pattern Post in England.—A cor respondent—"Delta"—writes as follows:—. "The Council of the Society of Arts (Manu factures and Commerce), London, have passed the following resolutions:—'That some of the recent alterations in respect of the inland pattern and sample post ' are injudicious, Illogical, and contrary to sound principles of political, economy; and that measures be taken to induce the Postmaster-General to render the rules at least as good as those of North Germany, Belgium, and Switzerland.' Among things complained of, and quoted in the Times, is the following, occurring in England, and which may serve as a caution to many persons here, till the grievance is removed:—'A printed paper, well under two ounces in weight, in a wrapper open at. both ends, and duly bearing a • halfpenny postage stamp, was pre sented, with the demand for 3d. extra, the reason for which was that the halfpenny stamp was so affixed that half of it was on the wrapper and half on the printed paper—a mode of affixing stamps often adopted to secure the wrapper from slipping off.'" Drafting Bills.—A return, which was evi dently mislaid whilst the Parliament was in session, has just been brought to light. It was I moved for by Mr. Playford for Mr. Coglin on October 18, was prepared on October 25, and was not sent down to the printer until after December 15. It is signed " Samuel Deering, Secretary," and intimates that Mr. Mann for drafting the Law of Inheritance Bill received £10 10s., and for drafting the Testamentary Causes Act £10 10s. Kadena and Wallaroo Railway and Pier Company.—The general half-yearly meeting of this Company was held at Mr. R. B. Coney's office on Wednesday, February 8; Mr. G. D. Young in the chair. Present—11 shareholders The Directors' report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. The retiring Directors, the Hon, W. Parkin, and Messrs. W. Sandover and G. D. Young,-and the Auditors, Messrs. S. R. Fox and W. Kay, were re-elected. Accident.—An accident occurred at Nairne on Saturday morning as the Revs. Wayland, Warner, Goodwin, and Jarrett were on their way from Mount Barker to Nairne. One of the bolts that connects the shafts to the buggy be came disconnected as they were going down Bythorne Hill, consequently the horse had no control over the vehicle. After travelling about a quarter of a mile in that perilous condition, it capsized opposite the Millers' Arms. Mr. Warner sustained an abrasion on the hand in trying to break the fall, and Mr. Goodwin a severe blow on the back of the head. The others escaped unhurt. Accidents.—On Wednesday, February 8, an accident happened to a boy named Joseph Williams, nephew of Mr. Williams, of Brown hill Creek. It appears that he was coming into town with a load of wood, and while getting off the dray he missed his footing and fell, mien one of the wheels passed over his leg. He was conveyed to the Hospital; but last evening the full extent of the injuries could not be ascer tained.— On the same day a police-trooper named James O'Shanahan was in the act of jumping the horizontal bar on horseback, when the saddle slipped, and he felL He was at once taken to the Hospital, where it was found that he had received an internal injury. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Ade laide during the week ended Saturday, the 4th of February, wereBirths—3 males, 23 females; deaths—10 males, 6 females; total—56 births, 16 deaths. Excess o births, 40. Our Coast . Defences. — A correspondent sends us the following from the Port:—" Quietly as the Galatea put in her first appearance and astonished the beachrangers at the Semaphore and the citizens at the rear of them, we are now as silently visited by a portion of the fleet of a maritime power second to none in the world for the number of vessels she has afloat. The last westerly breeze brought these strangers into our Gulf, and the fleet brought up in the shallows rather too close to the shore for safety, and many of the vessels were stranded high and dry. . I send herewith some examples of the descrip tion of craft above-mentioned. They are Physafia Pelagica, or Portuguese men-of-war, and it is not often that the Semaphore is the spot chosen for their anchorage. Have they been flying in terror before the expected British man-of-war Blanche, or how long has been their summer voyage from the Indian Ocean via the Leu win?" The specimens may be seen at our office. North Adelaide Baptist Church Sunday school.—The children of this school were in vited by their teachers to a tea on Wednesday evening, February 8, when about 250 partook of the good things provided. After tea they were amused by a kind friend exhibiting several instructive and. amusing views by the aid of a powerful magic lantern. The bazaar in con nection with the church, which had been open the previous day, was , continued, and a good amount was realized during the evening. Hope Valley Mails.—The Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., and Mr. J. Robertson, J.P., of Golden Grove, waited on the Chief Secretary on Wednesday morning, and presented a memorial from 56 residents of Hope Valley and neighbour hood, praying that the daily mails might be continued, as in the new specification tenders were only called for three mails a week. It was represented by the deputation that the extra cost would be a mere trifle, as the contractor would have to keep up the same staff of horses under either arrangement. The Chief Secre tary replied that alternative tenders would be called for in such places, and if the cost was. not such as to induce the Government to reduce the number daily mails would be allowed. Thanksgiving for Harvest. — The Com mittee of the Evangelical Alliance have sug gested that upon Sunday, February 19, public thanksgivings should be returned to Almighty God at the various places of worship for the bountiful harvest that has been vouchsafed to so large a portion of the colony. New Music.—We have to acknowledge the receipt of the " Marion Waltz," composed by Mr. W. C. Oldham, of Kapunda, and very neatly lithographed. The artist has not attached his name, but we suppose the monogram at the foot of the title page (J.B. conjoined) indicates it. At.any.rate he deserves credit for the great care he has evidently bestowed upon his work. The melody of the music is simple, yet spirited and pleasing. The composer has also shown considerable skill as a contrapuntist. The intro duction is in D major, and the after strains modulate successively into G, C, and F. A few bars towards the end very cleverly bring back the music to the original key. The "Marion Waltz" is lithographed for private circulation only, but it is a valuable addition to our " native industries" nevertheless. „ Talk O' The Hills.—The Australasian thus speaks of Mr. Gerrard's favourite, who returned to Adelaide by the Aldinga last week:—''Talk had a very good season for his first year at the Stud, some of the best mares in the colony having been put to bim, it is therefore very likely many of his youngsters will talk to some tune by-and-bye.' We saw him at Kirk's Bazaar previous to smpment, and no horse could look better than he does at the end of the season. Jordan informs us that all the mares are now removed from the farm at Croxton Park, and that it is the intention of Mr. Gerrard to send Talk over next year, when he will again stand near Melbourne. So grand a horse is sure to find favour, with owners of thoroughbred mares." Walter Montgomery.—Some few months ago Walter Montgomery, one of the best actors, and not impossibly the very best reader in the world, delighted San Francisco for a brief spell, and then abruptly left her. We were among the first to call attention to his merits, and they are neither few nor small; good judgment is not, however, among the number. At Virginia City he received a rub-up from Goodman's Enter prise, which must have led him to feel a not inconsiderable respect for the talent lying loose on this coast—yea, even in the very desert itself. He was trumpeted by his agent as being " endorsed by the Press of London, Australia, and San Francisco as the greatest living interpreter of Shakspeare," and was called upon to say whether he should be judged as described in his announcement, or, if unduly lauded in the heralding, to say it was done with out authority; as he was so severely handled by the "Sage-Brush Poet," the in ference is that he was a party to the blowing. The same gentleman, who is revolving, we believe, somewhere about the Hub at this time, has announced, caused to be announced, or had announced for him in London—not that he had played in Europe, Asia, Australia, and America —not that he had travelled round the globe, or made a "tower" of the world—but that he is about to return from a "trip^ round the universe." That star, in attempting to get up his own play-bills, has apparently " shot madly from its sphere." Imagine that portly form riding on the tail of a comet, playing in the sun for six weeks, and starting off" through space to the moon, where he would naturally limit his engagement to a lunar month.. Imagine him flying through the empyrean on the wings of the wind, post haste, to amuse Venus; and imagine his disgust at the lack of whisky in the Milky Way! Think of the little bear growling at his "Hamlet," and the "stars" generally objecting to count him as a brother! We took Montgomery for a man somewhere in the neighbourhood of 40 years of age; it is now evident that he must be a very Methuselah, for it occupies some little time to play star engage ments in all the leading capitals of the universe. We don't believe he did it; but he said he did. If that's so, the Universaiists should enroll him in their ranks, and most certainly regard him, respectfully, as a man who has travelled.—San Francisco Fetes Letter. Raising the Wind.—The following curious process of raising money to pay racing stakes is recorded by the Ovens and Murray Advertiser:— "At a Committee meeting of the Wangaratta Racing Club, held on last Tuesday evening, the following extraordinary motion was put and carried :—' That each racehorse owner- be in formed by the Secretary in writing that their horses will be disqualified if they are put up at the premises' -of a publican who does not sub scribe £2 2s. per annum to the Club; also, that if their horses are shod at any blacksmith's shop, the owner of which does not subscribe, £1 Is. per annum to the funds of the Club, they will also be disqualified.'" * "• " - 1 Victorian Sheep.—A Sydney telegram in the Argus states that the New South Wales Government have renewed the proclamation prohibiting Victorian sheep entering the colony for another six months. Willunga Institute.—The quarterly soiree in connection with the Willunga Mechanics' Institute was held in the Oddfellows' Hall1 on Thursday evening, February 2. It was preceded by a public- tea, provided by several ladies of the township. The subsequent assemblage was .large, and the interest of the meeting was kept up till a late hour. The chair was taken by the Rev. E. K. Miller. Readings were given by Mr. Laurie, S.M., and Hr. Jay. Several songs and pieces of music were sung, and played in good taste by the Misses Stewart and Vaughan. The Willunga Juvenile Drum and Fife Band, comprising two drums, seven fifes, and a triangle, played several lively airs under the direction of Mr. Bassett. Mr. Bassett and Master Whitefield performed duets on their violins. During the evening a distribution of publications and pictures was made to the audience. The National Anthem, by the Drum and Fife Band brought a very pleasant evening to a close.—Two or three of the slate quarries being now worked under different regulations than formerly, it is hoped that the new arrange ments will be successful, and benefit masters and men. Insanity of a Judge from Sunstboke.—In Saturday s Register we published a telegram from Melbourne stating that Judge Smyth, while performing judicial duties at Beechworth, on February 3, became so excited that he had to be _ removed to the Lunatic Asylum. The following particulars, sent by telegraph from Beechworth, appear in the Argus of Saturday^— "The General Sessons were opened to-day. Judge Smyth arrived yesterday, when he com plained very much of the journey and the excessive heat which he experienced on the road. He was then perfectly rational, but during the night he was .much dis turbed, and was advised this morning by his friends and medical attendant to adjourn the Court, but he persisted in sitting. The Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Armstrong, asked for an adjournment of the Court in the interests of justice, but the Judge wished to arraign the prisoners, which was accordingly done. Shad forth pleaded^guilty to forgery, and the Judge, giving as a reason for the severity of the sen tence that the prisoner had made his wife a party to the transaction, was corrected by Mr. Armstrong stating the prisoner had no wife. He was sentenced to three years' hard labour. Mr. Armstrong again asked for an adjournment, but the Judge said he would try one more case, which was one of larceny, in which the sentence was eight months. The Court then adjourned at half-pact 12 till Monday. During the after noon the Judge was very violent, and a medical man being sent for, he advised his removal to the Lunatic Asylum, which was complied with. The immediate cause is supposed to be sun stroke." New Zealand Items.—The Argus gives the following:—Some of the items of New Zealand intelligence contained in the files brought by the Omeo are not without interest. Although there had been no decidedly hostile movement on the part of the natives, those of Tauranga and Pariaka had been maTHng themselves rather troublesome by throwing obstacles in the way of postal and telegraphic communication. The Tauranga mail was stopped one day by the Maories, who refused to let it pass through their * territory lest they should be regarded as recog nising the Queen's authority. The next day the mail was sent through in a flour bag, and now it goes as a parcel of merchandise, no objection being made to the transmission of it in that form. The Pariaka natives again object to the telegraph wire going over their land, though they allow the public conveyances to pass through. They say—"The coach is all right, but the chain is no good." It is also stated that road making in Taupo has'' been prohibited by the natives, who threaten to shoot the roadmen if the works are continued. This information is given in the telegraphic despatches of the Otago Times, and the last item conflicts strangely with a Welling ton telegram published in the Auckland papers of about the same date, to the effect that the Government had received a despatch from Mr. Ormond, Superintendent of Napier, conveying the satisfactory intelligence that the Ngatarau kawa at Waikato, with all the principal chiefs, had joined the Taupo friendly natives, and would work at the road, and cany it through. It is remarked in the Southern, Cross that as these natives came from Patereta Waiota and other settlements close to Waikato, and had hitherto been strong King's men, their joining with the authorities at the present time possessed no ordinary signi ficance. It was considered, in fact, that their adhesion would stop any attempt at hindering progress, and presently open up the country to Cambridge for road and telegraph extension. The Arawas, it seems, are quarrelling amongst themselves, and fighting, it was- reported, was imminent between the Ngatipoaka and Ngati whawa hapus, belonging to this tribe. The dispute arose out of a case recently decided in the Native Lands Court, andthe disputants had resolved to fight it out. Mr. McLean and a number of Queenite Arawas had gone to Maketu in the Duna, to endeavour to keep the peace. The Thysanuka.—" Delta" writes thus on February 8:—" I received yesterday afternoon a small paper parcelof some veryminute creatures of singular habits to name and describe. Their locality was stated as TTindmarsh-square, in. Adelaide, and I afterwards learned that similar ones were found floating in immense numbers in gutters and small pools of water in other parts of the city. What I received would have about half-filled a teaspoon, and there must have been many thousands. These minute atoms are in size not larger than half the full stop that closes this paragraph, in shape oblong, ana colour a dull black or dark brown, and: almost invisible, except on a white sheet of paper. Every member of the living mass was in quick motion, but more tumblings over each other than anything else. When poured on a sheet of paper they spread themselves out in all directions and immediately began to spring into the air, but as their method of doing this could not from their small size be discerned, they seemed asitwere to vanish from the paper, alight ing again at some little distance, for they seldom leapt vertically. These habits and their stated habitat at once told that they belonged to the Thysanura—an order of beings placed in classifica tion before that of insects—mostly small, never winged, many-legged, and inhabiting damp places—some of the known species being called 'spring-tailed insects.' Before evening other parties had spoken to me about them, suggest ing the name of earth-fleas as appropriate. Their jump is very similar to this last-named insect, but they have by no means the same annoying propensities, being perfectly innoxious, was not able till late in the evening to observe them microscopically, and then there were but few of them alive, for to prevent their wandering I had been'ohliged to wrap them in several folds of paper, as from their very diminutive size they were soon able to escape from the interior folds. They now looked like dust or grains of the finest gunpowder. The species of Thysanura are all lovers of moisture and dark places. They do not seem to jump much, except when brought into the full light; and the reason of their jump ing is no doubt an attempt to regain the damp and gloomy spots where they were bred. The cause of their production, and in such countless numbers this year, seems to be the heat and moisture combined, and occurring bo frequently. They have most likely been produced under similar circumstances before, but escaped notice. Some, persons - have thought that these small 'insects,' as they areuniversallycalled, have been washed off the various trees and shrubs which they have infested. This, however, is qnite a mistake—proved by the immense numbers of the ' spring-tails,' far exceeding any insect pests of our trees, and by their habits, _&c.; These vegetable feeders are nearly all cocci or aphides, except caterpillars of various kinds, with neither of which have the little restless atoms any affinity. The order Thysanura has been much studied in England in former years; by Templeton, those of Ireland; and by Sir J. Lubbock, and others, those of Europe generally. It is difficult to say whether or not these Ririn.ll creatures have attained their maximum growth. Probably not; but whence and how do they come, and why now, and in such hosts? We only confess our ignorance when we aver that the 'germ of their being' lies, as it were, dor ment until favouring causes call them forth; but we may add with the poet— ' The mighty tide of being flows In countless channels, Lord, from thee.'" - Pabtial to Wedlock.—It will be recollected that about a month ago an inquest was held at Moonta upon the body of Mrs. Langdon, whose intestines were analytically examined, under the suspicion that she had had poison administered to her. No traces of poison were found. This week her sorrowing relict has solaced himself under his misfortunes by marrying a fourth wife, who has, it is stated, £800. Ibis circum stance was considered in Moonta to warrant a demonstration; and accordingly the perhaps blushing bridegroom was heralded with tin kettles. On making his appearance, perhaps to acknowledge the compliment, he was saluted with a shower of rotten eggs, and, we regret to hear, of stones. The henroost proprietors of Moonta complain that their roosts were nobbed wholesale of eggs in all stages of .incubation. The blushing bridegroom appears to have been - somewhat, hurt by the shower he experienced; and unfortunately' Police-Con stable Macnamara, running to and fro with laudable zeal, caught his chin against a clothesline, was flung violently back. | "wards, and had his collarbone broken. -Wat laivo Times, 