NE^S OF THE WEEK. .. Mr. Ktmbef. Las a large wheat stack at ' Rochester, containing between' 20,000 and 30,000 bushels. Nearly'the whole of the wheat ^^wbiohiSiOf the finest quality — has come from the North, chiefly from -the neighborhood of the Brbughton. — Northern- Argus* - The Northern^ Arqus 'Hookina corres pondent 'sends the following, dated March £ :— - '4- 'The weather we have experienced of late, has. ^«wa*. «»*^; »uhh VVUU . »**rf UV0UVU*. XUU XCblU. 1C* ported as coniiheiiced in my last - continued oft and on until Wednesday, evening, flooding the creeks, higher. tLan they have been .for years. The Willochra Creek rose far higher 'than it was ever known to do before. '; There are im mense gum. trees lodged in the branches of others at the height of about 18 feet. . : , About ten minutes to 4 o'clock on Wednesday morning, March 8, a slight shock of earthquake was experienced at dare. ' It was ieiii oy several resiaenss; out li was very siignt, and passed off rapidly. - JThe^ CollingtOY?,, Elder Liner, cleared at the' Customs 'on Thursday, and has a very large number ^-f colonists as passengers for the o^ppun^ry.j On that afternoon the passen gers proceeded on 'board the vessel at the wharf, and they, together -with their friends who ac companied them, - were hospitably entertained on board by Captain AngeL ' An excellent band had been engaged, and discoursed sweet music on board throughout the afternoon. '?' _. The attention.; of visitors at tie Clare Show on Wednesday was greatly attracted' by the display of meat outside Mr. F. Boeckmann's shop.- -There were some splendid sides of beef , having, a rich juicy, apperance, and - also . some excellent samples: of mutton. From - the ap pearance of t;he. mutton, it was evident, that the sheep had hot gravelled 'a journey, but Had been killed fresh from pasture land. About three months agp Dr.. Stone was* admitted to 'the Hospital, su-fering from a; broken leg. ' He left on Thursday morning,, and was descending' the stairs at the Railway-. Station, io go away by the train to Salisbury,1 when at the bottom step ha slipped and fell. He was taken to the 'Terminus, and Dr. Gosse, who was soon in attendance, advised bis imme diate removal to the Hospital, where it was dis- j covered that he had again broken his right leg about the same place as before. -; ' On Wednesday aiternopn as Mr. F. Darling, of the Freemason's Inn, ' was riding through -Oakbanks on his return from Wood side to Adelaide, Ms horse was startled by a young colt and threw his rider violently to- the ground, .inflicung a slight wound on the head and severely bruising his neck and shoulder. He was taken to Aldgat.e Pump,' where he re mained all night, and was brought to Town and conveyeSLto his. residence on Thursday morning, and is now. progressing favorably under the care of rDr. Phillips., . , : -A special^ meeting of the shareholders of the Mount Pleasant Oold Reefing Company was held at the Company's offices on Thursday nuwiiing, March 9. , There were present — Messrs. E.' SI. Bagbt (in the chairj, J. K. Hawthorn^ Captain Albrecht, J. Randall, J. H. Nason, and'-W. N. Orowder. The ^Secretary readrthe memorandum and articles of associa tion^ whieh, after several alterations had been made, it was resolved should be printed and registered.^ The following gentlemen were' ap pointed Directors -.—Messrs. B.'M..Bagot, J. H. Nason, Jl Randall, R. Nairne, and J. K. Hawthorn.: ' A- bazaar in aid of the Glare Public School Funds' 'was. held on Wednesday, March 8; in Peterson's did premises, opposite the Clare Hall. : The attendance, which was very large, was no doubt considerably augmented by the influx of visitors to the Agricultural Show held the' same day. A large variety of useful and ornamental articles were offered for' sale, and many -were satisfactorily -disposed of. Music was discoursed at intervals, and there was a liberal and tempting display of refreshments. Amongst the. visitors who jit tended were Sir jG-.S. Kingston, the Hon. W. W. Tuxford, Messrs. J. G. Ramsay, M.P., H. C. Oloeson, M.P., W. Townsend, M.P., and C. Peacock, J. P. The affair was, we. understand, very successful. : The Athelstone Institute was opened on Thursday eveniti', March 9. There was a large 'and fashionable attendance. Mr. A. Hay, M.P., presided, and in opening the meeting es pressed the pleasure he felt at see ing such a Urge attendance, saying he thought it spoke well for the energy displayed by the Athelstone people in the disposing of tickets. Then there had been doubts, expressed! as taitha advisability of putting up the building ;. tut it was thought to be requisite, for they wanted a room in which the people could meet together, and have a conversation ?' or some music without having to go to a pubiic-house. The Athelstone people -had built that, edifice, and they deserved every credit fon what they had done. They had received, a subsidy from the Government proportionate, to an amount they had themselves raised. Ha- had intended to say a few words as to the benefits of Institutes, and the advantages they* afforded to, young men ; but he would not: detain them. He referred to his first visit to that place, and commented on the increase of population since then, saying their public spirit had also increased. He hoped there wou'd be nothing done to interfere with the use of the building, and he hoped it would be used to its fullest extent. There was a small debt on it, but doubtless when the time came the same energy that had raised the building would be exerted to wipe off that debt. (Applause.) The programme was then proceeded with. ii uuujjjiiaeu koiub, uueis, quartettes, an* recitations, and was carried out principally by amateurs. One or two gentlemen who as-, sisted in the entertainment might be called! professionals— for instance, Mr. F. Ellard, who. sang and played in first-rate style. There were one or two others, including Mr. B. Magrath, who, though hardly to be called a profesaional* yet has succeeded admirably as a comic singer. He sang several comic songs on Thursday even ing, and was vociferously encored. Altogether the entertainment was a decided success, and the proceeds will doubtless go a great w y to wards the liquidation of the debt. At the close, on the motion of Mr. H. E. Downer, S.M., votes of thanki were accorded the ladies and gentlemen who assisted in the entertainment, and the Chairman, and these having been acknowledged, the proceedings lerminated, ? ? 1'R'V The meeting of the South Australian Coal Company was, inconsequence of a quorum not being present on, Monday, March 6, ad journed till next Monday. It is reported that Mr. Peterswald, Warden of the Gold-fields, will, without delay* pay a visit to Mount Bryan to inspect the coun try and make investigations respecting the reported discovery of gold in that neighbor hood. Mr. Westcott starts on his prospecting tour to the same place on Thursday. 'We are informed that it is contem plated to hold a race meeting in the first week of May, on the Old Adelaide Racecourse, the Queen's Hundred and the Aceof Clubs' Produce Stakes forming the nucleus of some good racing. A list of stewards and the programme will, we believe, appear without delay, At a meeting of the Hope of Adelaide Tent of Sechabites, on Tuesday evening, March 7, Mr. B. P. Mudge, P.C.R., was presented with a very handsome scarf, in recognition of his valuable services as Secretary of that Tent, for the zeal he had shown in advancing the tem perance cause, and the interest he has taken in the I.O.B. movement. On Saturday morning Mr. 3&. B. . Smith was driving along King William-street, and when turning into Grenfell-street acci dentally came into collision with Mr. Oldfield's spring- cart. Mr. Smith's vehicle narrowly escaped capsizing, and had one of its wheels broken. Beyond that we believe no damage was done. According to advertisement, the South Australian Cricket Club held a meeting on Monday, 6th instant, at the Prince Alfred Hotel, Mr. G. D. Green in the chair. The Secretary and Treasurer's resignations were accepted. Mr. Aldridge and Mr. Gwynne were elected Treasurer and Secretary respectively. The other business of the Club having been disposed of, the meeting dissolved with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. With respect to the scullers' match be tween Messrs. Walker and Blalde, it will be re membered that the Judge decided that the match should be rowed over again. Accordingly the Judge attended at the course at the speci fied time, but Walker only put in an ap pearance, and having rowed over the course, was declared by the Judge winner. The stake holder has not yet handed over the stakes. The fact that there has been a good harvest is being made plainly manifest at the various sales now taking place, where not only everything offered for sale finds a purchaser, but that, too, in many instances, at extrava gantly high prices — the ready cash appearing to burn a hole in the farmers' pockets. The prices paid for the colts at the sale on. Monday last furnish an illustration of th.9 effects of a pleni tude of cash. — Kapimdz, Herald. A bazaar in connection with Christ caurch, Kapunda, was held in Mr. Gunn's store, on Tuesday last. The attendance was xnodfirately increased by the influx of visitors who had Lesn attending the Agricultural Show in the township. A bazaar was held tke same day in connection with the Catholic Church, in Crase's large room, and there was a good at tendance. The articles offered for Bale at each bazaar comprised the usual things sold at such gatherings— fancy needlework, ottomans, and such like. On Friday evening the employe's en gaged at the establishment of Mr. H. L. Vosz had a friendly meeting at the Hotel Europe to spend an evening with his son, Mr. Wm. Vbsz, who has so long been known as connected with it, prior to his early departure for Europe. The hea ty sympathy and best wishes for his wel fare and success were spontaneously rendered by all present (numbering about 40). A most pleasant evening passed off, and was enlivened by songs and recitations. Dr. Englehardt, -who went home last year in the Collingrove, has returnei in the Asia to Melbourne and brought five Wardian cases of valuable plants for the Botanic Garden here, which by the admirable attention he paid to them on the voyage to Melbourne, and thence to Adelaide, have arrived in fine condition, and they will be a valuable addition to the rare plants now in the garden under Dr. Schomburgk's care. The cases contain more than 290 different species new to the colony. The funeral of the late Mr. F. W. Thomas, whose remains have been brought to this colony from Tasmania, where he died on the 15th of February, tooir place on Wedresday afternoon, March 8. It was very largely at tended, there being, in addition to four mourning coaches, between 30 and 40 ether vehicles. Amongst those present were many of our lead ing citizens, who attended to testify the respect entertained by them for the deceased gentle man. The Revs. J. G. Millard and G. W. Patchell officiated at the grave, the interment taking place in the West-terrace Cemetery. Referring to a paragraph recently ap pearing in the Register, urging that as the Victorian Government is vigilantly preventing smuggling from this colony, we should be equally strict with regard to goods illegally brought over our eastern boundary, the Border Watch says : — ' We should simply advise that our Adelaide friends leave the Border traffic alone until there is a probability of a -proper understanding being arrived at. We don't think there is much to grumble at as to the balance of ' smuggling' at the present time, and it is a great convenience to both sides of the Border.' On Saturday morning, March 4, Mr. George Aldridge commenced his management of the Central City Market under very favor able auspices. At dawn of day the carts and waggons, to the number of ^eighty, had taken or were assuming' their positions in the sheds and open ground, and there was soon a good muster of thrifty and early- rising citizens, the scene being pleasantly enlivened by the strains of an excellent band. A fair trade was driven, and there is every appearance of the new arrange ment proving a success, as it is generally felt that Adelaide is large enough to support two markets. The nomination for the Councillorship of Kensington Ward, rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. Henry Hughes, took place at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Saturday morning, March 4 There was a small atten dance. Mr. Councillor Gooden presided as He turning Officer, and the Town Clerk (Mr. J. E. Moulden) read the papers nominating Mr. Geo. J. Outlaw, who was proposed by Messrs. Penry Hughes, Chas. Dalton, and Thomas Ward ; acd was seconded by Messrs. Alexander Jackson, John BensoD, and George Stanton. The Re turning Officer having declared Mr. Outlaw elected without opposition, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The G-utneroxka Guardian records two seiioas accidents. On Monday morning William Gilbert, a little boy aged two years, whose pa rents reside at Millbrook, was playing in a a Sable with seveial other children, when he was kicked on the right side of the head by a horse, and sustained a severe fracture of the skulL He was at once taken to the Hospital, where he lies in a very precarious state. A seiious acci dent occurred to JHr. Richard Bolt on Tuesday evening. He was returning home with his wag gon, when he ftll off and the wheel passed over his stomach. He was fearfully injured, but at present it is not known whether a fatal termi nation is likely to be avoided. Dr. Esau has been in attendance, and administered laudanum. Mr. Bolt is a son-in-law of Mr. George Dunn. The Building Committee of Watervale Foresters' Hall, and the Brothers of Court Bushman's Home, A.O.F., celebrated their an niversary on the Show dav, by a procession, tea, and entertainment. The procession started from the Prince of Wales Hotel at 1.30. headed by SArader'a Band, and paraded the townahip, and then the Brothers had various games. At 5 o'clock tea was on the tables, and was at tended by a large number. At 8 o'clock the entertainment was held, at which Sebrarter's Ban-l peforined, and there were given — a read ng by Sir. A. King, piano solos, by Mr. Plam ted, songs by Mesere. Bookman, Richardson, and Williamson. The proceeds go towards the Foresters1 Hall* The wheat ships are somewhat delayed in loading up from two causes, of which one is, many fanneis send down the grain in a mixei condition, so that in sampling it is found unsuitable for home export. ' Out of over 200 bags sent to one ship last week, but 18 were passed for shipment. Another delay arises from the want of truck accommodation ; but this of course could be easily remedied by appeal ing to the Manager of Railways to start a con tinuous night' traffic till the rush over. It is reported by* a very intelligent and reliable shipmaster that on Hoyle's Plains there are 72,000 bags in stack waiting for transport ; it would therefore be of infinite service if a con tinuous line of transport were established, and so give vessels much greater facilities for load ing rapidly. On Wednesday evening, March 8, at the Town Hall Kxchange Boom, the employe's of Mr. D. Gall's print ng office entertained that gentleman at a social meating on the eve of his departure for England by the Collingrove. There were between. 50 and 60 persons present, including a number of ladies. The entertain ment comprised vocal and instrumental music, readings, and recitations. Supper was also pro vided, Mr. Smith catering in his best style. ? The toast of the guest's health was heartily honored, and allusion was feelingly made to the necessity for his trip to the old country, the cause beiag impaired health. Mr. Gall warmly thanked the assemblage for their kind expres sions, and the health of Mrs. Gall and family, as well as other toasts, were given. Shortly after, a happy meeting closed. The monthly meeting of the Horticul tural and Floricultural Society was held at the Norfolk inns on Tuesday, when there were present— Dr. Wylde (President), Messrs. W. Rhodes, R. Ingleby, J. G. Hoffmann, J. RoweU, E. P. Sabine, E. Smith, E. A. Wright, J. T. Gray, and W. Hackett (Hon. Secretary). It was resolved that the Chrysanthemum Show be held on the last Thursday in May. The prize-list was considered and arranged. The President brought under the notice of the Committee the difficulty that at present existed in deciding what constituted an 'annual.' A discussion ensued, and a notice of motion was given that Johnson's Cottage Garden Dictionary should be taken as an authority, and the defini tions there given should be strictly adhered to. The flowers exhibited comprised Hibiscus notho manihot. Datura latra (double), Datura mete loides, Bignonia pnlchra, Dioclea glycenpides, Hibiscus spleadens, Salvia azurea, Jasminium grandiflora, Ipomoea and Hakea. The first meeting of the 12th session of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society took place on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. F. Conigrave, Vice- President, presiding There was a good attendance. 1 he Secret iry's.report showed that ' thirty-three meetings were held during the last session, and six were omitted. The members had discussed various subjects of local and European interest. The number of members on the roll at the beginning of the session was 83, which number was reduced by five during the session. The average attendance as entered in the book was 38.' The Treasurer's report showed- a balance in hand to begin the session with of £8 18s. 3d. The reports were unanimously adopted, and remarks made as to the prosperity of the Society. The election of officers was then proceeded with, with the following result : — President — Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B. (ex officio); Vice-Presidents — Messrs. J. F. Conigrave and W. Shoobridge; Secretary — Mr. E. P. Nesbit, jun.; Treasurer — Mr. E. P. Pilgrim ; Librarians — Messrs. G. Stace and R. Hutchinson ; Auditors— Messrs. T. W. Harris and C. S. Leader ; Delegates to the . Societies' Union — Messrs. F. Searle and A. Pomeroy. Thanks to the past officers having been accorded, business in connection with the coming session was then transacted, after which the' Society adjourned for a month, as the building operations in connection with the com pletion of the North Adelaide Congregational Church interfere with the convenient assembling of the Society. The anniversary services of the Presby terian Church, Mount Barker, were held on the 26th and 27th February. The Rev. J. Hender son, of Port Adelaide, preached excellent sermons, to large congregations, on the morning and evening of Sunday. On Monday, 2fth, a publio meeting was held; Mr. David Murray, M.P., in the chair. The Rev. A. Law made a statement in regard to the position of the church, and his work as its minister, from which it appears that, besides the regular services at Mount Barker, and week-evening services at Bugle Ranges, Mount Barker Springs, and Nairne, he has during the. past year held occasional Sabbath services at Nairne, and com menced a new preaching-station at Monarto, about twenty-five miles off, where a fewfamilies belonging ts the congregation have settled, and where a site for a church has been obtained,' and is likely soon to be built on. The Rev. J. Henderson then delivered an. eloquent and highly-instructive lecture on ' Oliver Cromwell and his Times.' Mr. A. Champion and his. choir {discoursed most effectively a few select pieces of sacred music. Votes of thanks having been given to the lecturer, the choir, and the Chairman, the meeting was closed with the 'benediction. At the monthly competition for the Eofield Rifle Club Medal, on Saturday, Mr. Leonard was the successful competitor, having made 55 points. Messrs. Stibbles and Starnes tied for second place with 48 points. . The dis tances were 300, 500, and 600 yards, seven rounds at each distance. The following are the scores : — 300 yds. 500 yds. 600 yds. Tfl. Mr. Leonard* ... 17 19 19 55 Mr. Stibbles ... 16 17 15 48 Mr. Starnes ... 17 21 10 48 Captain Scott ... 14 14 19 47 Mr. Baker ... 17 20 8 45 Mr. CottreU ... 15 20 10 45 Mr. Beyer ... 33 12 19 44 Mr. Read ... 10 16 14 40 Mr. Robjohns ... 14 13 0 27 Mr. Bickford ... 11 6 4 21 Mr. Humberstone 12 6 0 18 Mr. Melville ... 6 7 0 13 Some mischievous person seems to delight in damaging the markers' butts, five of which have the roofs carried away, although the Club went to the expense of getting them and the butts repaired. Now again the roofs are gone. The purloiner if caught ought to be made an ex ample of. The third session of the Norwood Young Men's Society was commenced on Friday evening, March 3, when the annual business meeting was held in Mr. T. Caterer's school roocu. There was a large attendance, and the President, Mr. W. L. Glyde, M.P., presided. The Secretary read the report, which stated that there were 54 members on the roll, and 31 meetings had besn. held. The Treasurer's statement was also read,' showing a balance in hand of £1 Tie. lid. after paying £9 donation to the Franco-Prussian War itelief Fund, and £5, donation for special prizes, for competition by pupils in Mr. Caterer's school. On the motion of Mr. Dagenhardt, seconded by Mr. Spong, a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers, for whom Mr. W. H. Phillipps reaponied. The following gentlemen were elected for the ensuing year : — President, Mr. VV. L. Glyde, M.P. (re-elected) ; Vic - President, Mr. T. Caterer ; Treasurer, Mr. F. H. Wigg ; and Secretary, Mr. W. H. Phillipps (re-elected) ; Committeemen, Messrs. W. P. Auld and J. W. Bussell. Auditor, Mr. G. Dagenhardt--. Delegates to Young Men's Society's Union, Messrs. J. W. Bussell and J. L. Goombs. The Turkish Bath, on the City Bridge road, notwithstanding the sanguine anticipa tions of its founders, has cot proved a very great success, financially considered. Better fortune has attended a similar institution in Hobart Town, judging from the Directors 'report for the year 1870, from which the following are the most important extracts : — ' The receipts ? from the Bath during the twelve months have 1 been £-511 8s., while the disbursements were £448 14s. 5d., leaving a net profit of £62 18s Yd. It is necessary to remark that the ex penditure has been greater than was antici pated under the head of 'repairs.' Nearly ooe- half of that amount was incurred iu the last quarter of 1869, arising from a defect in the drainage, which had to be made' good ; and, upon the. change ef domestics in the early part of last year, the private house and premises had to undergo considerable repair. The number of baths taken during the year has been 6,050 ; of these 2,115 were ladies, and 3.935 gentlemen. This, although not equal to the numbers taken during the first year, when the attraction of novelty probably had its effect, is yet sufficient to establish the fact that the Turkish bath continues to be extensively and highly appreciated, both for its comfort and its utility in cleansing and curing.' In the Supreme Court on Wednesday morning the Northern Territory case, North Australian Company (Limited) v. Blackmore (nominal defendant) came on, but was further delayed on a technical point. Messrs. Stow and Way on behalf of the plaintiffs urged that the titles of the rule and the affidavits on which the rule was granted must be amended, on the ground that the case was not properly entitled. The amendment insisted on was, that the defen dant, instead of being simply styled 'nominal defendant,' should be designated ' the person nominated by the Governor to ba the nominal defendant on a petition by the North Australian Company (Limited), pre sented to the Governor for relief against the ColonialGovernment of the said province, and by him referred to the Supreme Gourt.' Mr. Ingleby then. moved to amend the rule.- The Court considered it necessary that the titleshould beamended,andaccordinglyenlarged the rule for three weeks on payment of the costs of the day. It is whispered that defendant's proceedings are guided by the advice of Sir Boundell Palmer, who has advised that the plaintiff's proceed ings are undoubtedly void, and that defendant's mode of raising this objection is to do nothing beyond appearing, except to move to quash. Some discussion arose at 'the time of the late Exhibition of the Royal Agricultural and 'Horticultural Society on the Park Lands respecting the decision of the Judges upon the Merino combing wool shown in competition for the special prize. The cup, it will be remembered, was awarded to Mr. John Murray, the Judges at the same time stating that there was very little difference between his and Mr. C. B. Fisher's exhibits. It was shown, however, that the Judges had in their report declared Mr. Fisher's fleeces to be worth 8£d. more each than those to which the prize was awarded, and a decision in favor of the fleece.of lesser value was impugned as fundamentally faulty. The Judges adopted the system recently introduced at the Sydney Exhibition of deciding by points, and on this principle their decision appeared satis factory enough till tried by the very practical test of the gross value of the fleece. The points, as recommended by the New South Wales Wool Committee for the Sydney Exhibition to be held in 1872, are as follow, the maximum being fixed at 1,000 : — Weight, 120, or rn« point for every ounce ; color, 50 ; length, 80 ; freeness, 60 ; fineness, 120; elasticity, 80; softness, 100; soundness, 130 ; evenness of fleece, 130 ; clean ness, 80 ; and condit on, 50. This schedule of points is very seriously objected to by the Australasian as not at all calculated to en courage the production of the best fleece ; and the matter will doubtless be very fully discussed before the scale of points is finally fixed. The object to be arrived at is the production of the fleece of the greatest gross value, and any system of judging that is not based upon this principle must be a mistake. It is the profit of the sheepfarmer, not the most exacting require ments of the manufacturer, that should be studied. Another old colonist has passed away from us in the person of Mr. John Dickins, a gentleman for many years connected with the press of South Aus tralia, who - died on Saturday, March 4, in his 79th year. The deceased was a son of the late Mr. J. Dickins, shipowner and mer chant, of Plymouth, and on the death of his father took his position in the business, and was for many years a partner in the firm of Warwick & Dickins. Owing to a reverse of fortune he left England in the year 1838, in the Pestonjee Bomanjee, for Adelaide, with his family, excepting one child whom he left in the old country. Bringing recommendations from Mr. G. F. Angas, and other gentlemen of high standing, he secured a situation in connection, with the South Australian Company, which he held for many years, till he became connected with the press ; and after taking an active part in the editorial management of various news papers lie was engaged upon the staff of the Observer and Register by the late Mr. John Stephens, and retained his position with those papers till within a year of his death. He was much esteemed by those who were acquainted with him. He . leaves behind him a wife, three sons, three daughters, and numerous grand children, to mourn their Ios3. Theremainsof the late gentleman were interred in the West -terrace Cemetery. In addition to relatives of the de ceased, there were present at the grave several gentlemen, principally those connected with the Register office, whose attendance showed the respect and esteem in which the deceased was held, The Rsv. S. Mead officiated at the grave. Mr. Peter Campbell, gratuitous bush missionary and temperance lecturer, delivered a lecture on ' Intemperance' at the Town Hall Exchange Room on Tuesday evening, March 7. There was a large attendance, and Mr. J. Allen presided. After prayer had been offered by the lecturer, the Chairman briefly introduced Mr. Campbell, who commenced by stating that it was a sad fact that the footprints of pioneer missionaries were followed by those of the com mercial trader, who introduced the inevitable brandy bottle ; and he then referred to the evil results of such introduction, and remarked that nothing tended so much to neutralise the effects of piety and example as such an influence. The lecturer then passed on to treat of his subject in its religious, moral, social, physical, and general aspects and results,' interspersing the lecture with numerous interesting anecdotes. During the evening Mr. Campbell recited 'The Publican's Prayer,' 'The Apothecary Scene from * Romeo and Juliet,' ' and the following original pieces, 'The Hand of Brotherhood' and *' Married Abstainer's Return,' and which were well rendered. A collection was made during the evening to defray expenses and aid the lecturer's bush mission. On Wednesday night he lectured in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, to a moderate audience, Mr. Sam ael Bake well presiding. Recitations, &c.j; were also given by Mr. Campbell in his usual effective style. A vote of thanks, pro posed by Mr. Matters, seconded by Mr. Headdy, was unanimously awarded to the lecturer, The Smelting Works at Wallaroo, says the Wallaroo Times, are in active operation at the present time. There are now, we believe, 27 furnaces at work, including the three re fineries, and, besides these, there are the 21 calcisers, some of which b/we recently been built. It will give some notion of the importance of these works, not only to the district, but to the colony, when the fact is considered that about 100 smelters are employed at the furnaces and about 20 other men at the calciners. This is, of course, exclusive of laborers, of whom there are several, and a number of woodcutters, charcoal burners, carters, and others, who re ceive indirect employment, Till this week but two refineries were at work, but now there are three ; and these will turn out 130 tons of fine copper per week — very nearly £10,000 worth. Last month, during four weeks only, from the two refineries, the very large amount of 379 tons of copper was produced, and so hurried was the operation at the close, thai the copper which was molten in the furnaces in the morn ing was delivered on board the steamer in the afternoon, and was at sea in the evening. We believe that these 379 tons represent a larger quantity than has ever been produced from two of the r; fiaery furnaces before in the same time. Accidents have been rather numerous lately in Gawler. The Bunyip gives the follow* ing information respecting the sufferers by the most recent mishaps there1.— 'On Tuesday, two little boys riding behind; a lorrv accident* ally fell to. the ground, one of them in such a manner that a wheel went partly over him, and — what, appears almost, miraculous. — without in flicting serious injury. — On Thursday, as Mr. Dredge was engaged at the fittiug shop at the Phosaix. Foundry, he accidentally came in con tact with the fly-wheel of the engine, receiving a severe blow over the eye, and bruises through being violently thrown to the ground. The case, which might have been very serious, is being attended by Dr. Nott. — The same day, Mrs. Boetncke, of the Gawler Belt Inn, met with a serious fall, the servant inadvertently left open the trap door of the cellar behind her, without giving notice of the action, the consequence being that Mrs. Boemcke was precipitated into the cellar, and was much bruised about the head. She is now under the care of Dr. Nott, and it is hoped that no serious injury may prove to be the re sult of so heedless a want of common care. — We are glad to Tepoffc that Ashby, who wat sent, to the Hospital through injuries received by a fall of earth at the new foundry, is recovering, and hopes shortly to return to Gawlar. — The little boy, son of Mr. James Kelly, Gawler South, two of whose fingeis were amputated at their taps by the wind closing a door violently upon them, is, we understand, doing well, and what is not a little remarkable, the junction of the amputated finger ends, attempted by Mrs. Popham, is likely to prove a success, and if so, the profession will have learned a rather re markable and splendid lesson from a very talented, though notyetdulyqualinedmember.'- The celebration of the anniversary of the Glenelg Congregational Church was commenced on Sunday, the 5th of March. The pastor, the Rev. C. Manthorpe, who has just recovered from a severe illness, conducted the services, and on both occasions the congre gations were large, especially in the morning, when the following text was the subject of an impressive discourse — ' Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord ; foras much as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord,' — I. Corinthians, xv. 58. In the course of Ms remarks the rev. gentleman stated that he had selected those words, be cause they were appropriate to the occasion, and in harmony with his own feeling3. Time was fleeting, and they were reminded of many who had lived amongst them but had passed away from this world, and their own lives always un certain, and brief at the utmost, might be sud denly terminated. He exhorted them, there fore, so to live that they might at all times be ready to meet their Lord and their Judge. In the evening, Mr. Manthorpe based his discourse on the seventh verse of the third chapter of Hebrews — ' Wherefore as the Holy Ghost saith, to-day, if ye will hear his voice.' The preacher earnestly urged his hearers to listen to the voice of Chiist, and ap pealed to them, as one who spoke from the ex perience gained on a bed of sickness — as one who had recently been near the grave, and realised the difference between receiving the messenger of death, with a trust in a living Saviour, and meeting him unsustained by any such hope, A collection was made at the close of each service, the proceeds amounting in all to about £15. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe explained that the proceeds of that anniversary were to be devoted to liquidating the debt on the schoolroom. He observed that their pro gress as a Church and congregation had been remarkable ; that they had had an addition of £50 to their revenue during the year ; but having the schoolroom to build he appealed to their liberality for assistance. The services were continued on Tuesday by tea and public meet ings. The former was held in the schoolroom at the' rear of the church, and had many patrons. There was a large attendance at the public meeting, which was presided over by Mr. A. Hay, M.P. After singing and prayer the Chairman made a few introductory remarks. He congratulated the Church in that they had their pastor amongst them again in compara tive health and strength. Hearing of his severe illness while in Tasmania a few weeks ago, he felt anxious as to the result ; but when future telegrams announced that Mr. Manthorpe was better he was cheered, as he believed were also several other South Australians who were then absent from the colony. He sincerely hoped that Mr. Manthorpe would be long spared to labor many years as the pastor of that Church. Mr. Storrie (Treasurer), said that he felt rather sorry in having to come be fore them with a financial statement that was not very bright, for he, as their Treasurer, owed the Bank £303. He must inform them, however, that the money had not utterly vanished, for a schoolroom had been built at a cost of over £500, and in addition to this, other necessary improvements had been made. Although they owed so much, and the year they had passed had been very depressed, the ordi nary revenue had been slowly and steadily in creasing, and this year showed an increase of £26 in comparison to the previous one. He might say that the total amount raised had been. £1,151 (including a lpan), and £1,459 had been paid, which left a debit balance of £308, on which 10 per cent, interest was charged. Still he thought that their prospects were not so bad after alL As a Church they had nearly reached perfection. He did not mean spiritually but temporally, for they had, he thought, all they required, and could now go in for paying off the debt. But although the financial statement was not very agreeable,-they ought all to feel thankful in having their minister (ftlr. Manthorpe) among them that evening. The Rev. C. Manthorpe, who was warmly received, said he had always had on these anni versaries a thankful heart, but never, perhaps, had he experienced such emotion as he did that evening. He felt doubly grateful to God, the giver of all good, that he was with them on that occasion. He was glad on the whole that the report was some what satisfactory and encouraging. He had seen in one of the papers that he stated on Sunday that the Church bad made ' remarkable progress.' He explained that he did not say that ; but that the receipts had been in excess of previous years. It might seem somewhat strange that in pecuninary matters the Church was in exactly the same position as when he commenced his ministry nine years ago; but then it muse be remembered that various im provements had had to be effected, at an ex pense of somethiag like £1,600, and that debt had been reduced to about £300. This money had been raised exclusively by the congregation, for he had no up-country friend to help him, as had Mr. Parsons. With regard to the higher work of the Church, he remarked that the con gregation had steadily increased during the year. The Bible class had been carried on until hs was laid aside, and had been constantly attended by a number of young men and young women. He regretted that he should not be able to renew these meetings for the next six months. A few additions had been made to the fellow ship of the Church. The Sunday-school had increased, and numbered upwards of 100 names on the books, with au average attendanca of 95. It was in a very efficient state, and had not suffered by his illness. Since the schoolroom had been built prayer meetings had been held, but the attendaice had not been as large as could have been wished. He regretted that the Rev. Mr. McMichael was not with them that evening. The Chairman explained that the Rev. Mr. McMichael had asked him to apologise for his absence, stating that when he promised to come he had forgotten that he had another engagement to be fulfilled. The Rev. J. L. Parsons then delivered his interesting lecture on 'Modern Heroes,' which was listened to with rapt attention. The usual votes of thanks having been passsd, the meeting was brought to a close at an early hour. During the evening a collection was made. The pro ceeds o the anniversary amount to about £55. We ( Wallaroo Times) understand that the Rev. A. Micbie, Presbyrerian minister at Port Wallaroo, has felt compelled to tender his re signation on account of ill-health. The loss of the rev. gentleman will be severely felt on the Peninsula. A Sub- Committee recently appointed by the members of the Bushmen's Club has drawn up a circular for distribution amongst bushmen throughout the aoloby. The circular is signed fey Mes*jf s. Wm. Watson, Alexander K. Stewart, and .' William,' the' Htjfl. Super intendent of the Home, and urgently appeals to all bushmen for their earnest and practical co-operation on behalf of an institution, which is calculated to benefit them so largelv, and afford comfort to them on their visits to Adelaide. It is pointed out that the Club has already proved a success ; but the Committee are desirous of extending the influence of the Home by securing a more suitable Club House, where a larger number of lodgers may te accommodated. This, however, cannot be accomplished without money, and bushmen — both married and single— are there fore appealed to to subscribe to the Home, so that the Committee may be in a position to .enlarge the present premises, or purchase another place. Circulars, accompanied by a report of the last meeting of the Club, are to be forwarded to every known head station in the colony respectfully soliciting the subscript tions of btishmen in behalf of the Home. 