THE GREAT ALPINE TUNNEL. Font the Special Correspondent of the Times.) MOTXANK, SErTr.Min.Tt 14. MAIIYJ.I:HONI: to Modane ! From the wilder- ness of London chimney-pots and the din of its rattling cabs and thundering omnibuses to the clustering peaks and rushing streams of the Alps, it is but a twenty-four hours' journey. The contrast is as great as the transition is rapid. And it is as delightful as it is sudden. As half the journey is accomplished by night, and for many hours of the day you must shut out the sun and with it the view ; as you move with the speed of lightning, and only stop at monotonous stations where blank walls bound the prospect ; as, moreover, if you are healthy and wise you manage to doze throughout the whole distance, the change is effected as if by magic, and you pass from place to place unable to account to yourself for the stages and phases of the world intervening. "What 1 describe, however, only belongs to the future. It is only partially correct as far as regards the present for between London and Paris, between Paris and Macon, you travel, indeed, right royally, accomplishing that part of the journey in twenty hours ; but between Macon and Cure, where you come to the frontier of Savoy (what was once the frontier of Italy), and, again, from Color to Modane, at the opening of the Great Alpine Tunnel, you contrive to waste nearly a day to achieve what ought to be the work of four, or, at the utmost, six hours. The beauty of it is that the pace is not very distressingly slow, and that, as long as you move all loss of time is in some measure compensated by the lovely mountain scenery of which you catch glimpses now through the right, now through the left carriage window. The idyllic woods and pastures of the Bresse, the deep blue waters, the steep banks, the luxuriant shores of the Lake of Bourget, as you round its corners dash- ing swiftly from tunnel to tunnel, and the rugged, savage crags and bluffs of the famished Maurienne, constitute a landscape among the varied features of which you might have no objection to linger, if the object of railway travelling were not speed but enjoyment, and, above all, if you did not feel that your time is at the disposal of people who detain merely to spite you. Imagine a journey of 75 miles which takes more than five hours, simply because you have to stop at a score of stations, losing 25 minutes at Macon, 15 at Amberieux, one whole hour at Colon, 15 minutes at Aix, 20 at Chambery, half-an-hour at St. Jean, and three-quarters at St. Michel, and to afford opportunities to guards to plague you with " your tickets, and to gendarmes to pester you with " your passports," to pass you from room to room, from passage to passage, now penning you up here, now marshalling you down there, and all this ordeal under the scourge of a broiling sun and that stifling, sweltering heat which these high-fenced valleys of the Alps so well know how to condense upon a few months of the year and a few hours of the day. We hope to change all this by opening the great Alpine Tunnel. Few men in the world can feel a stronger love than I have for the Alps and I remember the time when I deemed a year to be lost unless one or two at least of its summer months were spent among its " peaks, passes, and glaciers ;" but it is no doubt a great triumph for man to have swept those- mountains of' the path of those who. dread them, and to have provided a highway where it will be possible to go through without perceiving them. Were a submarine tunnel between Calais and Dover a practicable undertaking, as we are led to hope, the achievement, though even more gigantic, would scarcely be more beneficial to mankind, for all the horrors of the middle passage, even in the days of sailing packets, were as nothing compared with the hardship and terrors besetting the Mont Cenis Pass in the winter nights of olden and even of very recent times, with the shining diligence, the shivering sledge, the reeking container station, the avalanche, the torrents, the fog, the wind, the weary winding ascent, the dashing giddy tumbling down, the swaying of the lumbering vehicle over the brow of the yawning precipice. The journey was not without its wild pleasures certainly, and if you left the slow berlin, with its jingling mules, and its red glaring bull's-eye in the rear, and walked forward alone, in that darkness, in that silence, along those cliffs, through those woods, over those chasms, which the night made so weird and unreal if you peered into that gloom, and listened to the soughing wind and the brawling water, there is hardly anything that you might not fancy you could see and hear. It was a night spent with the ghosts, and you would have been puzzled in the morning to reveal its secrets to other people or to yourself. Alas, for Mont Cenis ! It is no more. We quit its old track at Modane, and shall never again, unless we choose, see either dingy Lang labour or clammy, unwholesome Susa; never again crouch under the towering ramparts and peeping cannon of Fort l'Esseillon, that mountain stronghold built with English gold, and intended by the Allies of 1815 as a bulwark to Piedmont and Italy against French ambition, and which has now, without firing one cartridge, come into the power of France. Mont Cenis has ceased to be, and awaits now the historian who will tell its annals from the time in which the Brenni broke through it on their way to Milan and Rome, and who will relate how Charle- magne stuck fast at the foot of it, unable to break through the Lombard lines at Chiesa, till rescued by a monk, who led him through an unknown path; how the lances of Charles VIII. gleamed through its defiles to lead Frenchmen to find their graves under the Italian soil how his successors followed on the same track, hurrying in hastily, and often even more hastily hurrying out, and how, with all their trampling, they left so slight a mark of their passage, that less than 70 years ago the mere journey across was still almost a heroic feat, and the poet Alfieri, who towards the year 1780 crossed the mountain with his fourteen thoroughbreds led by English grooms, describes the march as something epic and hearing comparison with the toiling up and down of Hannibal's heavy laden elephants. We leave Mont Cenis and its noble carriage road to mere tourists and antiquaries. We travellers leave the old track at Modane, and strike to the right across and through the Col de Frejus. We leave France and daylight at Modane, rush through the mountain and emerge into the sun's rays and the air of Italy at Bardonneche, whence we go down the valley of the Dora Riparia, and reach Busse lines on the railway line between Susa and Turin, following that line to the latter place. The reason of this divergence from a route which mankind have followed for probably 3000 years is simply that it was necessary to pierce the tunnel where the comparative thinness of the mountain mass offered the least resistance. The tunnel through Col de Freyne is about seven miles long. Through Mont Cenis it might have been more than twice as many. It was nature herself who pointed out the main avenue through these western Alps by opening so widely the great gap of the valley of Susa. To go from Italy into France you must ascend the valley of the Dora Riparia, of Val di Susa, from Turin, and cross at some point of the long crest, extending from Mont Cenis to Mont Genevra all the passes of which lead to some tributary of the fire or of the Durance. The Durance has a southward course, and, is, therefore, of no use for travellers bound either for Central or Northern France. The pass must, therefore, be between the valley of the Dora Riparia and that of the arc, with the two extreme points at Turin and Chambery. The old road came in along the Dora from Turin to Susa, and there leaving the Dora, and following the little streamlet, the Course, struck across Mont Cenis, found the Arc at Lansle bourg, and followed it down to Modane and all along its course to its confluence with the issue at Pierre d'Albiquy, whence the road continued to Chambery. The new road comes up equally from Turin, along the Dora towards Susa, but leaves the old track to Susa at Busse line, follows the right bank till it comes opposite to Susa, leaving that old town on the right, and then entering from the broad Val di Susa into the narrow defiles of the upper valley of the Dora, goes past Exiles and Salabertrand, and up to Only, and hence it ascends the valley or glen of the Bardonneche as far as the town of Bardonneche, where is the Italian entrance of the Tunnel ; crossing the Tunnel, it finds the Arc at Modane, and with it the old Mont Cenis track all the way to Chambery. Modane is a struggling Ugly mountain village, shut in on all sides by steep but beautifully wooded mountains, with great bare rocky pinnacles at the summits. To the south-east of the place rises the great mass of Mount Tabor, and from it the main Alpine crest sweeps down in a long line of peaks and passes as far as Mont Cenis and the Rochemelon, a distance of between 20 and 30 miles. The Pass nearest to Mont Tabor is the Col de la Roque, the next is the Col de Freyne, and the Tunnel follows almost in a line the rugged path which goes over this last-named Col. The entrance to the Tunnel on the French side is not precisely at Modane, but near the little village of Fourneaux, about a mile and a half down the valley before you come to Modane. The village of Four- neaux lies on the road ; the mouth of the Tunnel lives far away on the steep mountain side about 100 metres above it. The railroad could not be made to go up to that height from the valley beneath. It was, therefore, necessary to bring it up from St. Michel past Furneaux, and all the way to Modane, to take it all round Modane, and winding to the right by a sweep across the valley up to the mountain side, describing a curve almost in the shape of a horse shoe, thus by a gentle incline to bring it to the mouth of the Tunnel. A few yards before reaching the Tunnel, another tunnel some hundred yards in length is crossed, by which some steep part of the ascent has been avoided. The mouth of the great Tunnel is already as high as the top of Snowdon or Hel- vellyn 1190 metres above the sea level; but the Tunnel proceeds on an incline to the culmina- ting point, which is 145 metres higher (1335 metres). It then slopes down to the Italian side of Bardonneche, where the altitude of the opening is 1324 metres. The opening of the Tunnel on either side is quite majestic, fully 10 metres high, and broad in proportion, but it soon dwindle down to a height of six metres and a width of ten which is considered amply sufficient for the double line of rails, more than adequate, therefore, to the wants of the Italian and Savoyard railways, most of which are as yet constructed on a single line of rails. From the mouth of the Tunnel to the summit of the mountain crest above there is still a height of 1500 metres. The first idea of a tunnel across this part of the mountain is due to M. Medal, of Bardon- riche. When railways were still unknown in Italy, and were quite in their infancy in England and America, M. Medail's plan was laid before Charles Albert, King of Sardinia. It lay dormant till 1845, when plans were laid and discussed by some Italian and foreign engineers till 1848. Then, owing to the political calamities of Piedmont, the idea had again to be abandoned, only to be resumed under the auspices of Count Cavour and his Minister for Public Works, Paleocapa, who carried a Bill in Parliament to defray the expenses of the undertaking on the 17th of July, 1856. King Victor Emmanuel exploded the first mines of the excavation of the tunnel on the 31st of August 1857, and the tunnel was completely pierced throughout its length of 12,220 metres about seven English miles-on the 25th or 26th of December, 1870, i.e., after thirteen years and nearly three months' work. It is well known that the engineers who undertook this work had to contend with critics who had first deemed the enterprise an utter impossibility ; then, who foresaw obstacles and difficulties sure to beset the workmen at every stop, and to end by disheartening them ; finally, who assigned a term of at least 60 years before the work could be at all achieved-if, indeed, it could be accomplished at all. And it is wonderful to think how many changes all Europe, but especially the country by which this great undertaking has at last been brought to completion, has had to go through since M. Medail, now dead, first came before Charles Albert with his scheme for piercing the Col de Frejus, between Bardonneche and Modane, in 1832. In those days Charles Albert's Government was in full, blind reaction, and the blood of Mazzinian conspirators flowed freely on the scaffolds of Genoa and Alessandria. Then came 1848, and the King's championship of the cause of Italy, his defeat and abdication, and his death of a broken heart at the westernmost end of the European Continent. Since then, how often have I gone this way, and wondered at the work of light in darkness which was going on year after year in the bowels of the mountain ! It was by the gleam of the comet of 1858 that I saw the first huts and barracks built above Fourveaux at the tunnel entrance. Not many months later those huts and the opening already perceptible were pointed out to me as well as to many thousand Frenchmen who were marching along the same road with me to the battlefields of Magenta and Solferino. Yet a few months and those same soldiers again marched past on their way back, their Turcos encamping for the night on the plain of Mont Cenis, that very plain on which, as on other Alpine summits, their great great grandfathers, the Saracen of the Middle Ages, pitched their tents, for several years maintaining their mastery over those great thoroughfares of Europe, plundering travellers and levying black mail on the inhabitants. Anon, there came the annexation of Romagna and Tuscany to Piedmont, and with it the cession of Savoy and Nice to France, and the Mont Cenis route with the work of the great tunnel fell partly to France, and a Convention had to be made by which, while Italy was to pursue and to complete her labours, France, bound herself to defray one-half of the cost. The works, which up to 1862 had been carried on with some remissness, were% now pushed on with redoubled alacrity, and the Italians, who had only engaged to complete the work in twenty years, were able to open the tunnel at the end of little more than eight. I have no time now to describe by what con- trivance the Italian engineers, Grattoni, Grands, and Sommeiller (the latter of whom died last Christmas,) so bravely acquitted themselves of their noble task. Suffice it to say that, while by the ordinary methods hitherto known, only about 17 metres could be excavated in a month-and in the year 1858 only 250 metres were dug-the new machines gave a result of 70 to 73 metres monthly, and of 889 metres in 1870. It is expected that further improvements will make it practicable to pierce mountains at the rate of 2000 metres yearly. The post closes here at 11. I have just time to inform you that an Italian deputation from Turin, headed by the engineer, Deputy Grafton, is expected here at noon to receive the French deputation from Paris, and proceed with them to Turin in the evening. PS. There is a good and well-illustrated book, entitled Guide as Trators del Cenisio, by A. Covino, giving excellent geographical and scientific accounts of the Tunnel, and published in Turin by Beat, both in Italian and French. I think it ought to be reproduced in an English version. _ 