kittflg tram jftilftoumg gutuft. THE LAND OF THE OLIVE AND FIG. Yes! Dufly, the chieftain, hath spoken, In words that some people think big— " In future this country shall be The land of the olive and fig." Chorus—Fig-aro here, fig-arothere, Fig-aro high* fig-arolow, Fig-aro come, fig-aro go, Figaro, figaro, fig. Skilled labour from over the ocean Shall teach us to train and to dig; And in a few years we shall gather The fruits of the olive and fig. Chorus—Fig-aro here, fig-arothere, &c.; Every man in this glorious land (If dear Duffy runs but his rig) In time will be able to chew His own olive under his fig. Chorus—Fig-aro here, fig-arothere, Sc. Then a figfor those who are doubters— Duffy isn't the man to talk big— His motto's " Let live and o-live" In the land of the olive and fig. Chorus—Fig-aro here, fig- arothere. Sue. STBANGE EVENTS. The lady famed for her graceful carriage lately lost her off hind wheeL The man who tried to shoot folly as she flies has been transported for poaching (on other men's ideas). The M.P. who pledged himself has lost the ticket, and cannot get out of pawn. A careless fellow threw out a hint the other day, and struck a passer-by in his eye. A wit seriously - injured himself this morning with one of his own pointed jokes. A good-natured chap exerted his influence so much last election that it got very beverely sprained. Two poor fellows who plunged into dissipation were aim est instantly drowned. The vain person who was blinded by self-conceit is now in the Eye Infirmary. An undergraduate who was plucked last examination is open to buy a few bags of feathers. The subject that was broached on Tuesday will feel obliged for the earringB to match. The individual who used the fork of the road for his boot jack has hung up his hat on the North Pole. The chap who tried to share himself with an inky-razor (ink-erazer) has smudged his face all over with black. GOOD NEWS FOB THE DEFAULTERS. ' Surely Dufly comes from the land of promise. It must be a mistake his hailing from Ireland, and yet the following is a genuine DUIL He promises to amend the Electoral .Bight by placing ratepayers on the roll whether they pay or not. How a man who does not pay his rates can be a ratepayer is a secret known only to the Dufly Cabinet. ODDS AND ENDS. A horse of sixteen hands has no fingers. The Thirty-nine Articles are never ticketed for sale. In consequence of the fiery temper of some Irishmen, the country is called I-bum-yer. There is no dog called a sun- setter. A doctor of music should be able to restore the tone of a piano by giving tone-ics. If Smith asks Jones for half a cup of tea, Jones need not break the cup in two. Subterranean coffee is not nice, it cannot be good undo: ground. Brewers do a great many things by halfand-half. Pawnbrokers make money, although they lend it on their own counters. Mushrooms are very important edibles, everybody is acquainted with their sauce. The late Government could not but have expected attacks, when they tried to impose one. WANTED.—Wax to seal somebody's doom. The implement that raises a siege. The height of a man above mediocrity. The materials of which the man made the remark. A boot for a foot-note. The front parlour of fome-opathy; and the door of the room for improvement. NOT GOOD THINGS.—Wreckless trading in a partner- ship. Going to sea in a sunken vesseL Sending cargo in the bark of a dog. Purchasing the scissors of a ship's cutter. Sending home the mail in a potato- steamer. Trimming the jacket of a man-of-war. Dining off armour-plates. Living on an auxiliary screw. WANTED.—Spectacles for the mind's eye. Harness for green bays. French polish for a Jurypanel. Tne messuage that the auctioneer sent by telegraph. Coronets of the lords of creation; and the ball used with tittlebats. FIICIPES.—How to get a garden in a few seconds —Turn your goat into one. How to produce boots —Plant a boot-tree in your garden. How to keep your cattle safely—Keep them in the folds of youc coat. A LOWE ACTION.—Women and girls are not the best pleased with Bobert Lowe, that statesman having endeavoured to ruin the match trade. So much for his capid-ity. POSITIVES AND COMPABATIVES.—A [mate is a companion, but mamma is mater. Beet is a vegetable, but a Greek B is beta. Sandridge is a port, bottled stout is porter. Malt comes from barley, but an island is Malta. A flat fish is a sole, but the sun is solar. A canvas dwelling is a tent, hut a hook is tenter. A ruff is for cold weather, but a file is rougher. A knock at the door is a rap, but a shawl is a wrapper. Part of a bridle is a bit, but quinine is bitter. Anne is a nice girl, but the member for the Murray is Hanna. Brandy neat is straight, but a layer of clay is strata. Wheat is seed, but our table is cedar. Yesterday is past, but grass is pastuie. A pool is a pond, but to think is ponder. MABKET NEWS.—Some partners in a dance have changed hands. Brandy looks dull, and only one parcel has been cleared. Sacks are not in tavour. although several discharges have taken place. Nails have been disposed of under the hammer, but there is a decline in screws. Gunpowder will not go off. A great heaviness has been observed in shot Drugs are quiet, but leeches are active. Salt butter is low, but fresh is more respectable. Bacon has been quoted once or twice during the week. Rice, dressed, has maintained its price, but whether boiled or baked is not stated. Tongues are quiet. Barrett's tobaccos have had a twist. Old torn has been run after and caught up. USELESS LABODB.—Going to a pawnbroker's to pop the question. A healthy man laying up for a rainy day. Curing diseased meat Prosecuting a man for taking an emetic. Pumping a dry individual, and drying a wet nurse, finding the native place of a man bom(e) on the wings of hope. Lancing blue gums, and totting up the columns of the Public Library. UN- FELINE.—If a cat spoke low, what would (it be ?—A whis-purr. TIGHT 'UNS. — Teetotal intemperance, being water-tight. Atmospheric drunkenness, being airtight. Loose clothing, tight fits. Pleasant inebriates, the happy-tight. NEW BEADING.—"He jests at (s)cars" who ridea in omnibuses. PBIZE ESSAY. — The Vice-Chancellor of the University offers a prize of twenty guineas for the beBt essay on the death of Caesar. To enable, students to compete for the prize, we beg to give the following information with regard to Caesar:— He was an unregistered dog, and the seizer of poor Caesar was a cruel Corporation official The dog was condemned to death, and was immersed in a tank of water, a heavy stone being tied to his unfortunate neck. Thus died Caesar; and now for the essays. THE WHITE TBEE.—An ink plant has been discovered, and an inkling of the matter is given in the newspapers. Curiously enough, it is not found in Pen-sylvania, Penzance, orPennicuik; nor does Inkermann appear to have anything to do with it. CON. BY AN IN-SFECTBE. — What two people marrying will raise a ghost?—Fan-Tom. INFANTILE EDUCATION.—Mrs. Gamp is justly indignant at the idea of certain members of the British Parliament recommending the advisability of giving the rising generation compulsory instruction in arms, as she considers " that she knows more about blessed infants, 'aving nussed many of them, than all the Parliaments as ever was. She was only a saying last week to Mrs. 'Arris as they was wus than a set of old women, and now she knows it. They ought to be ashamed of theirselves, so they ought—a wanting to impoge on the blessed innocents as 'ad enough to do to eat and sleep without getting instructions in the nusses' arms. Just let her put her hps to the bottle, and wash the taste of their names out. Parliaments! pah! MISCELLANEOUS. The only good sort of " gent"—The intelli-aent. A kind and considerate act—A constable taking up a bill for you. A "blunt'"excuse—I've got no money. The girls' Band of Hope—The husband. One who lives within his mean8—An oyster. New Book—"My Enemy's Daughter," by De Foe. A drunkard's epitaph—^"Hie" Jacct. Which is the jumping part of Leap Year—The spring. When talking of his dog Hector the Ettrick Shepherd said:—"Its a gude sigh of a dowg. Sir, when his face grows like his master's. Hector got sae like me, afore he deed, that E remember when I was ower lazy to gang till the kirk, I used to send him to tak' my place in the pew, and the minister never kent the difference. Indeed he ance asked me neist day what 1 thoct o' the sermon; for he saw me wonderful attentive among a rather sleepy congregation. Hector and me gied ane anithersic a look; that I was feared Mr. Paten wud hae observed it; but he was simple, primitive, unsuBpectin' auld man—a very Nathaniel without guile, and jaloused naething; though baith Hector and me was like to split and the dowg, after lauchin' in his sleeve foe mair nor a hundred yards, could staun't nae langer, but was obliged to loup awa owre a hedge into a potawto field, pretendin' he scented game." 