;MISCELLANEOUS., It is stated that.a well known justice of. the peace-looking to his'own interests for the forth-coming election--las (fsays.. the Ballarat Even)igI Post) refused to sign any more utumllonuses until.the contesthus beep decided: Mr Michie hat written toW)Varrnambool, stating that he may contest o arritanupool,, it nsuccessfll in Gipps Ihand, " SIleury Ken.till, the poet, convicted of forgery,.has.bden removed-fronm the:. gatl to the Lunatic,Asylum at Sydney.. We perceive by,. the liver o illet:a lald that a man named Dolan, ;wilo is engAged on a contract for stripping wattle. tark, on the Goulboturn River.near; Contun station, 'cinie into Echuea bto Saturday last,and re 'ported that a lagoon:near their caeip con tained a real live btuiyip, and that he 'in. tended taokitig bacik a toat with him,b with a view, it possinile, of" catlching ttidntimodl iter, for mnonster the nonilestript utiust be, it it make the.extraqrdinary ..noise de. scribed by M'r'Dolan.. le says that . on a still night it could be,dietiictly heard; atna distance offour, niile . [T lie ror., as..de icreibed byl olos?@ wotld .resenbgi th.ttnf i furi0tios bull l-'T Lhe chiica ourinal hopes shortly to :see the t ainphibious. monster b-rought into that township. The good people ,of Maryborough atre just now. ini a great state ot. p rturbation aiout a ghost.- A soniteflni ii thi shape ofn.a human ?being apparently, of ,the. female sex, and, dressed in "ghastly." white.. has apipeared to several persons, sonetimes at-,P·lince's.l'Prk. and iat other. at, Blltckmran's Lend ; but, no one. has yet been able-to get near it, the figure reced ing so speedily on ~socing japproached,'as.to puzzle not only the.civilian:onlooker,, but also the police,. whose aid, it seems,. has been called in requisition to solve the mystery. A- correspondent of the Sydtey.llerealdl. says :-.-On the afternoon or the 13thi the Upper 'Btgan was vtsitd tty onte tf the most violent liailstorms perhaps oni rrctrd. At Genianigie, the station of -Mr Jolhn:N. Gilniotir'?some of,the. hailstdnes that'fell were its large, as entu's eggs. I.weighled one dozen of theni just its thliey could be .obttained, They reached Gib; and they lost portion.if .their.weight i: carrymtg to the scals' by: hand some little distance. Such wasdthli5 violence witlih which the hail stoiecs tell that it produced ten holes in the shearers' lut, just as if: ten- pound shot had beetr tired itt'it. The but h.ýd a covering of new bark. The roof of the store suffered in. like mtinier,. and the glass in- the windows. o the house was smashed.. It blew very;heavily while the strmt lasted.. Several sheep and laInhs were. killed ii the iicinity, and I. heir of others; destroyed, by the samre cause while. tchvelling, ild whlch .plassel this stationii a few. days ago. ;A he!ivy fall of rain lol. lowed the hail. Une of our shlepherds had a cast-iron jlot broken by thie Iail-stones.: Thomas. and Joseoh Shinesby,. father, asondan, says the Sydniy iHerald, came by. their deaths at Fisut River, during a thun derstorm, on' Friday last. , From the evidence taken at a magisterial inquiry, it appears that.Thlomas: Slingaby was a free selector, and that on,;the afternoon of the day .tamed howaos.il.tho.general rootll of his house,. wilhhis ouiis, dauitghter, and wife. tin was then lying on a sOfia. .Otte of the sons (Wm..Sliitgshy) saw a flash of lightning como. threutgh the,. door. and strike Ihis miother"antd two brothers, knockiiig themn down bu the floor, a?bra. hial recoveted from tile shock, and found his brithlier JOtI?eph lying Oit the grouid, with one, hand ill the fire. Mrs Singsby was also struck, and, when she twoke to clltsciuusnesss,?she liuld her husband atndl soit Joseph (as she thought) rsleep, but oni callinlg tlieni shil founldi, they were dtead. H[er own hanids, waists and breonasts were saverely scorched, :and anootlher "sotn, Tihonas, whit, after, the, shuck, frothed blood from the mouth, still remainst in a precarious state. Senior constable McCar tie, on visiting the scene of the calamity, founid burns or asar's on the right temple and cheek sof Thoinas Siingsby, and others iut the saUme side of his neck and areass friomn right, to' lett collar botne, as well as over the heart.' Babied 'Jeisoph's left car there was an exeuriation, tand ati eschar formed on the sitme side of the neck. A deciiohi that theyd tiol. from tu cil efcts tf. lightning was arrived at' by his wore ship, [To.e. C. Sa.vatr.-This gentleman, who met with an aceidett some fetw days ago, whilat being driven in a buggy, is, we cr0 glad to learn, reported to be cantvalescent SI:nioues 'lAsr6s t.;-Ott the night of Tuesday, 10th inst, (says the .Butrrotea Advocatc), Miss Ellen Shcedy \then about retiring to rest at her parent's residencc- Frogti'ore-observed on'tei flooer 'of her bedroom what slie concecir?d to lie one of those articles iiscd tiy'o ia'la;nyof te fair sex ltr the decoratioln anId adoriment of the hair, . She toolicd to pick upi what had attracted; her, attention,. but speedily discovered her ,unfortunate mistake, -,the supposed article ;being a brown 'snake, coiled up, but.whipht,:on being seized, ait once revealed its venomous nature, sting,. ing the unsuspecting youn: lady in the right hand, between the first; ands second. fingers. On discovering the true nature of.the unwelcome intruder; Mlism Siheedy 'at once rained anll alrin, iand her parents naid their.son in- lalw (\lr Bourkg) iminediately proeceele i to her .sleep)ina e c?h, , i ot n ,earilg the outcry. She related wliat-had' itappenedl, and Mr lir;,lrke prIm.ptly. seized the i?jured jiud,:cut ipcn..wtn- ii penkniie thi iaffectel?dpirl, ind encke?etlie wound. Other. netlsulres ;iere ilan adopptedI to relive the, pain .ol' thei, siffreir, ;whise ait Itegat to usattne it' dark coilour, and becate aswollen t?,ie ry largrn proportion;. fIr Clifford was thein sent,for, and on his arrival at Irpggnorep rtitiptly apliedsnull retmedies a hin tkill' atd .ep??.rincu sug gested, the he'nehncltic?li'.ults ufihcleh;we? speedily epparent. I lHe. Isrfnts, however, and a large circle of friends anid relatives continued to en tertai n ft.rsof;. the young lady anifcty until 1 itelit mornting, bat thlieir dee auietty was Udn ri .l vtl;:M,il dangerohus ?.nlptoni , h?? i` ditaiciai"ed, the ditmcuultiurau l' of ti thi- -liavlIg anlta sani'shed, aid aR healtttlitind vigorusa cir-: culation restored to the systemr, Oti Fii day eveig thle patient was reported to be' in a eatiitnctiry cliiyditiollH(sio-h ld' her utlti maite recoycr.inpov io'otregdads hoesing pic pde beyontd cestiian£ Thlp.ttletiic'at tallist ed the wuettiln wasdpllstchel iortlcly after the iceurrenced, and -otl beingo measured was. foaii0 tbl0e' heorli'f[t ti lengthib' .. 