TulE OGIRAT W'IITE OWL. Y COELtA TitaXTER. 'le sat aloft on the rocky height, Snow-white abov the snow, in the wiiter naornlinl calm and bright, And'I gazed at hin below. He faced the east mwhere the sunshine streamed, On the singing, sparkling sea, ,And lie blinked witll his yellow eyis that seemed All sightless and blank to be, The snow-birds swept in a whirling crowd About him gleefuUlly, A'ndipilped and whistled long and loud, IBlul never a plume stirred lie. Singing they pasned and away they flew Through the brilliant atto phiere; Cloud-like lie sat with the living blue Of the sky behind him, clear. e' Give you good-morrow, friend I' I cried. He wheeled his large round head Solemn and stately, from side to side, But never a word he said. " 0 lonely creature, weird and white, Why are you sitting there, Like a glimmering ghost from still mid night, In the beautiful morning air?" He spurned the rock with his talons strong, Nu humian speech brooked lhe; Like a snow-flake huge he sped along, Swiftly and noiselessly. BIls wide slow-waving wings so white, Heavy and soft did seem, Yet roapid as a dream his flight, And silent as a dream. And when a distant crag he gained, Blight twinkling is a star, BHe shook his shining plumies and deigned To watch me from afar. But once again, when the evening red Burned dimly in the West, I saw him motnonless-his head Bent forward on his breast. Dark and still 'neath the sunset sky Stood out his figure lone, Crowning the bleak rot k, far'and high By sad winds overblown. Did he dream of the iceflelds, stark and drear,, Of his haunts on the Arctic shore? Or the downy brood in his neat last year Otn the coast of Labrador ? Had he fluttered the Esquintaux huts among? How I wished he could speak to me I Had he sailed on icebergs, rainbow hung, In tihe p.pan Polar S. a? O, many a tale he might have told Of marvellous sounds and sights, Wheroe he world lies hopeless and dumb with cold iThrough desolate days and nights. But with folded wings, while the darkness fell, . He sat nor spake nor stirred; And charmed as if by a subtle spell I mused on the wondrous bird. -New rock Tribune. 