7W£i^MWi®u&' TO THK EDITOR. Sir— Mr. TomJrinion i» wrong both in hist facts and in hit inferences: I did not accept Douglas-'* statements as gospel any more than I accept Mr. Tomkinson's descriotioa of the scene in Douglas's house as gospel, though 1 did and do believe that Douglw murdered hit wife without premeditation, tf Mr. TomkiMon knew all he professes to biow, whv did not so righteous a man as h» claims to be volunteer it as evidence at the trial; or if he he a Seer, why was he nofc summoned as an expert? Douglas does not belong to the denomin*. tion of which I anv a minister; he and his wife merely took sittings in my Church » short time before thiadreadfnl event, and 1 thought it my duty to ask the Sheriff for permission to visit him. I shall not feet called upon, therefore j to make periodical collections for his maintooance;. and though. I do not think that Mr. Tomkinson, judging by his letter, has much regard for the sacred ness of human life, 1 shall have the satisfac tion of knowing that he has to pay his quota, as I shall also still ' rejoW* that, ia this case the quality of mercy has not been strained. My object in writing you on 'May 25 was simply to explain a slight discrepancy between the statement in Mrr Lawrence's letter and the statement mad»~by m* im sending round tha memorial prepared by Dean4Ku8sell. Mr. Tomkinson says— aneer- inglyl suppose— that 'but for the letter signed («f. Langdon Parsons,' the world would not have known of his assiduous attentions to the convict.' I think to that I may fairly rejoin that but for tbe letter* signed 'Samuel Tomkinson' which; hava appeared in South Australian newspaper* these many years past, people who,- like- myself, have not the honour of psrsonal acquaintance with him might possibly- hare been ignorant of what a pragmatical' and egotistical individual Adelaide has amongitsV citizens. - Jam, Sir, Ac, J. LANGDON PARSONS. TO THE EDITOR. -..Sir—.- ? ' vv V . : :: ? .- ' The quality of mercy is not strained; It droppeth as- the gentle rain from heavea Upon the place beneath ; it is twice bless'd— ? It blesseth him that gives and him that takos. 'Tis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes The throned monarch better than his crown; His sceptre shows the force of temporal power, The attribute to awe and majesty, Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of Icings. But mercy is abovo tho sceptre sway; It is enthroned in the hearts of kings; It is an attribute to God himself. And earthly power doth then shew likest God's When mercy seasons justice.' Bat for the letter in your issue of to-day signed 'Samuel Tomkinson,' I would not have said one word on this painful case ; but it appears to me that Mr. Tomkinson is very fond of poking his nose into all unpleasant matters, and often shows a very vindictive) spirit. I suppose he would like to hang Douglas, who, if he'did perpetrate the murder for which he is convicted, did so when he was hardly responsible for his own acts. If I was in such an unfortunate position as Douglas, I would rather suffer the- extreme^ penalty of the law than be imprisoned for life, and in the former case perhaps Mr. Tomkinson would perform the office of hangman. . Mr. Tomkinaon's remarks about the Rev. Mr. Parsons are very rude and uncalled for;,.; and as one of the publie of Adelaide, I would, recommend him to be somewhat more cnantaDie, ana not to meaaie so muen wita public affairs, and confine himself to his business as a Bank Manager. I am, Sir, &c;, ? SHAKSPEARE'S GHOST. .'?'?' TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I entirely concur in tlie- opinion of Mr. Tomkinson, as expressed in your issue to-day, and regard it aa a public misfortune that Douglas, the perpetrator of one- of tho foulest of murders, should have escaped condign punishment. It is especially aa injury to the weaker sex, seeing we have; within a few years had three wife murders in this province— in each instance utterly brutal and without extenuation, and in each instance the maudlin sentiment which sympathizes with the murderer rather* than with the victim prevented the execution of justice. One of the assassins nearly killed his turnkey in prison a short tima after his reprieve; and it is probable, had capital punishment been carried out in the first case, the lives of the other two women might have been spared. The murderer in each instance got drunk first, and apparently for the purpose. And; strangely enough, this is urged in mitigation, that getting drunk purposely, he was so drunk as. not to- know what he was doing ! . Again, he declares that he knew nothing about it, and is implicitly believed ! Can it be doubted that the man who commits murder will stick at a lie to avoid punishment? It is to be hoped the next man who kills big., wife will meet his deserts ' without benefit, of clergy,' seing their influence now is givemj to- sacrifice justice and protect the criminal. - lam, Sir, s,e.r . .-. PRO BONO PUBLICO. 