'TO CORRESPONDENTS. OnnfiBB Hilt GHpBTi-^Send your oommn nicatioii towhereit .originated, or Borne other ^a^fife^ ' .-.j I;'''. Fiee ErrnjaniEHEE.— A letter this week wiiich renders yours unnecessary. GAWLER: SATURDAY, TUNE 3, 1871. 'I an in the place where I am demanded rf ?conscience to spaai the tndh; and- therefore, ihe truth I s}eak,'impugn it whoso list.' ?'??? The Xatest Gold' Discoteht. — ^^A fresh find is reported as having been met with iit the Humbug Scrub. The rumored discovery is, however, creating but little excitement in Gawler, people having be come cautions in their estimate of sold discovery reports. The active exhibition of a half oance nugget by a well known mining enthusiast, with a view to sensa tional effect, has proved altogether ineffi cacious, there beinffxota few unbelievers, who are dubious as to the &how; nugget having been really the produce of the new claim. A few parties are nt work in the locality, and some claims have been marked out awaiting the result of the news. Therasare about half a dozen par ties prospecting in the Humbug Scrub, and we wish tjjujni every success, but at present Goddatd's claim appears to be the only successful one. Death feom Taking Laudanum. — August Young, a German shoemaker, about 28 years of age, employed by Mr E. Cadd, of Angaston, for the last two years, died on Thursday lakst, from the effects of two to three ounces of laudanum taken on the previous day. Deceased was quite unconscious from 11 p.m. on Wednesday until he died. Dr Ayliffe was called in, but too late to avert the conse quence of the heavy dose. The cause of the desperate act is not positively known, but there is strong reason to suppose that the unfortunate man, who was very high spirited, met with some affront and dis appointment in connection with a ball held at an inn in Nuriootpa. ScAtBED.— A child belonging to Mr Stanley, blacksmith, Gawler, met with a serious accident on Wednesday last. While Mrs Stanley was out hanging dollies, on the line the child fell into a tub of blue-water, and as the mother was warming the little thing at the fire, the servant, who was putting a log on the fire, accidentally upset the kettle, the eontents beingemptied oh the child, severely scald ing it about the lower parti of the body. Medical attendance was called ir, but the child is still in a precarious Btato. Cart Accident. — A dangerous acci dent befel Mr Wilson, butcher, Willastoh, on Wednesday mornin?, while driving fcis spring cart on the usual round among lr's customers. The horse tripped and fell down suddenly on his knees, pitching out of the cart Mr Wilson's little boy, who was much shaken and bruised. Boranr- jExTEAORDiNAB.Y. — When will common care and a reasonable amount of prudence be found in connection with horses and vehicles P On Saturday last a horse attached to a spring dray bolted up High str ?t, int3 the Lyndoch road, thence into Murray street, along which main thoroughfare it sped with fearful rapidity, to the great danger of vehicles and passengers usually thronging tbe street. The animal was not stopped till it reached the' ford at 'Dead Man's Pass,' and fortunately no domage resulted from its wild career. — On Tuesday another bolter, in the form of a four wheeled waggon, drawn by two powerful horses, was seen coming down the incline of the Lyndoch road into Murray street, where they created the usual amount of terror, till arrested opposite the Gawler Stores. As there was no name on the waggon the case is one for the special attention of Mr Cheek, whose plurality of offices embraces that of cart and waggon inspector and detector. On Thursday the horse of Mr Parker, druggist, ran away with a spring cart down Murray street, as far as the ford, fortunately withont injury to life, limb, or vehicle. It has been suggested to us that without waiting for a Coroner's inquest, these cases should be referred to Mr Hawkes, S.M., and that if an Act were passed to impound runaway horses for a month or two, their owners would soon learn to look after them better.' Brass minus Bkains — Though dull in Gawler, trade and business of some kind (oust be lively and profitable else where, or we should hardly meet with snch cases as the following:— A young gentleman recently visiting our town in dulged in that species of speculation known as gambling, when the speculation ended in a wrangle about a pound note claimed by our visitor. The dispute was terminated by the note being surrendered to bun/wii -a, to show his indifference to money in general, and that ponnd in par ticular, he tore the latter into some two dozen scraps. Subsequently the frag ments were gathered up carefully by the waiter, and being accurately adjusted and pasted on paper, was duly presented at thd Sank and cashed, Town abb Tbade or GAWiBB.-4The fanners around us appear to us to be bo bu^y with their ploughs and harrows that they havelittle leisure for visiting Gawler, am. an average of 3 4 bushels has not yet be|;un to tell strongly in fever of Gawler «hi pkeepers. One of our innkeepers com pii ins that his house is too large for him to knake a living out of it, but there is a very easy remedy for the cure of houses and shops subject to this complaint, viz., by'the landlord reducing the size of the r3at.- I . .... The English Mail is due on Tuesday nest, but may possibly arrive on Monday.; Should any important news arrive we. have mode arrangements for a telegram con taiaing the latest intelligence, which will be published gratia for the benefit of our raiders. : . TjB Mwr. -. J. TO. MoMicHABiii.-^pie recognition --f the Eev. Mr M'Michael, who comes from Ballarat to the Con gregational Churchy Gawler, is likely to' bs of, a very cordial character. On* Sunday he will preadi his exordial sermon at the Congregational Chapel, Light Square, Gawler, and on Tuesday, there will be a tea meetingin the Sunday School, and a public ' meeting, affordiug an opportunity of welcoming the new pastor ' of the Church. ,--? -??? -?. The Youths' JomwAi;.— This fort nightly periodical contains a variety of interesting articles suited to the minds and tastes of the younger portion of the' community. The Editor, we observe, contemplates its farther improvement, having purchased the ' Juvenile Times,' the two being now incorporated. The price of the Journal is one penny. 1 The New .Aits a. — A rather important feature in connection with the Broughton Avea is announced, a .. hooner being advertised for Port Bronghton. If tbis so call*': ' port ' prove? to be rea^y avail able for import and export, and a railway can be had from it into the new settle ments at a che'.p rate, tbe value of lands in the new area and its surroundings will ' be vastly increased j but, where 13 there a Bioughton land revenue for irialrng roads of any kind without more taxation ? Oceam' SE4.LS. — There has been an ex hibition during the week at the Oddfel lows' Hall, of three juvenile PhotJ, (seals) the connecting; link (according to Dai .yin's Progressive DevelopmentTheoiy) between the ocean tribes and the land animals. Looking at these harmless and helpless specimens of amphibious existence, it, must have taken aB many millions of ages as there are sands on the sea Bhore, to work up these peor P/vjmnto kaigr.TOOs, squirrels, opposums, &c.; New Agricultural AnEA8. — ASouth Eastern paper has the following : — The . rumored intention of the Government to proclaim two additional agricultm1^ areas in the neighborhood of Mount Wa -A\e::-± is not believed, simply because t-'-^-. su act would be one of supreme to ? , srad evidence'- neither accurate knowledge of the state of the l?nd, uor a right i^imate of the responsibilities attending each a step. The carij.'ng ouj;, such a project just now would defeat the object held in view in the establishment of .agi- lco'.fcnral areas, would altogether fail to benefit the farmer, and would hot afford any test of the true value of the land. An. area must be fit for occupation ere it may with any show of reason be offered for agricultural settlement; and to attempt to settle farmers on incompletely drained land would only result in their utter i'iin, and a propoi donate loss to the colony. Then,' too, it must be borne in mind that accord ing to the law affecting agricultural areas a proclamation would involve a survey, which must be opmpleted within three, months', bringing us to August; then, three months, the land has to be declared open for selection — offered to the farmer in November, a period of the year in every sense most unfavorable for Tiim. Besides all these considerations, there is another — the incertitude respecting tbe projected railway, which may very largely affect tbe market value of tbe laud. We do not think it possible that any set of men could be found in the coloay so des titute of sagacity, or so utterly careless of the true interests of tbe colony, as to bring land into the market under such circumstances ; and therefore, crediting the members of the present Administra tion with at least an ordinary share of common sense and honesty, we join in the general disbelief of a ruinor which, after all, may have had its origin in a sensible proposal to divide the present unwieldy Mount Muirhead area into two workable divisions. ? Smuggling. — We clip the following from a Victorian paper, as showing that there are' two sides to the question of Border smuggling : — In our commercial intelligence last week we stated that flour from Penola and Mount Gambier was being delivered about the Casterton dis trict at £15 per ton. This statement is' perfectly true. The 'South Australian millers are Bovciting orders from all the squatters up to the North, and we are credibly informed that they are delivering' their produce as far as Horsliam and Glenorchy. Now, might we be permitted to ask, in accents mild, Las this flour paid the duty ? Perhaps our gentle friends over the Border are not awsre that there is at present a duty on flour to the extent of £1 5s per ton, and that flour brought into the colony without paying the -luty is simply smuggled. Some time bad n, little South AustfaMau wine was brcA ; :fr into our district, and met' with an e£**w*t! demand ; but oh dear noi the police c3 .'ik': not stand that, and man, wine, and waggoif) were all bundled into the lockup, and the wine, at all events, never got out of it that we heard of. Well, if there was this energy about the wine, why should we not hare something of the same eoit about the tread ? We do not plead guilty to Protectionist proclivities to any strong extent, but still - we cannot lose sight of the fact that iu the ca;e of the wine we had no one think about as having any in terest in the matter beyond the bare question of revenue ; but with flour it :s different. We have mills all over the district, and farms as well. The profiU of both farmers and millers will - be cir- . cumscrib.ed by the competition with the cheap grain and flour of our South Aus tralian neighbors. It inty be said that our view is a selfish one. That we oannot help. As the law. stands, Mount Gambier aud I'enola' flour must pay. the* duty, or run the risk of being treated bb the poor German was with .his few casks of wine, . . #3* J. Jackmaw wisheB us to inform the. Public that. on and after Monday, May 18th, be will Reduce in- Prices for Dinners from Kicepence to Sixpence. Next Red lion Inn, Rundle-3tre2t, Adelaide. Opened from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. See Bill of Fare posted Outside daily. 