A WHOLESOME TONGUE A TREE OF^LIFE' In overy part of the world the tongue is, of all the weapons used by mankind, about the most incessant aad mighty instrument for good or for evil. In every family, in every community, the righi. government of the tongue is essential to peace aud prosperity. To those who are disposed to reflect on this subject, which -deeply concerns as all, the subjoined observations, by the Rev. James Stratten, will doubtless appear well worthy ot consideration. A wholesome tongue is a tree 6f life,' saya one of the Proverbs of Bolomon. If such ' trees of life' were planted in every house in thiB country, it would be a happy land. '? Commenting on the proverb of the King of Israel, the modern preacher says : — ' Several things are spoken in the preceding verses, Respecting the use and ab^se of the tongue. ' A Boft answer-turneth away wrath.'' Be gentle, considerate, conciliatory in your reply to your adversary. It may assuage his wrath ; it may abate hiB malice ; and it may please God to turn his heart. 'But grievous words stir up anger.' Take care of an angry sentence, which may hi* sufficient to set the house on fire and do mishief, bsyond bounds. Let there be nothing provojking nothing inflammatory, in your speech. ' ' The tongue of the wise useth knowledge* right.' It judges of the persons to whom it is peaking. It judges respecting what it iB right to communicate and what it is right to keep back. The wise, person does not cast that which is holy to the dogs, or throw pearls to swine. Yet he dees not hide his light ; he does not shut up his wisdom ; but he will communicate it when it is for the advantage of his hearers. ' But the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness.' There is frivolity, thoughtlessness, recklessness, without measure. ' The eyes of the Lord are in every place, behold ing the evil apd the good.' And as his eye sees actions, so h*- ear hears words. We are told that ' of ever} idle word that a man shall speak,' that is of every , unhol; , every corrupt, every vituperating -? rd, jie shall give account in tho JJay ot Judgment. 'or by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned ;' because they shew a man's character, his love or his hatred, his faith or his unbelief; his enmity to God, or his .cceptance of Christ, and his salvation. ' Then follow the words: — 'A wholesome tongue is a tree of life.' This restricts thi subject to the bright and beautiful side. When the tongue is guided by the Spirit of God, and by the wor is of Holy Scripture, it may impart truth, and express und tlccit thoughts which may be salutary to thoBe who come u; der their influence. Then it is as if a man in hearing the word spoken, did eat the fruit of the tree of life in God's primitive and undesolated garden.' The Poisov of Sfeech. — 'What topics of dis course will make -our tongue a tree cf life ? 1. It is obvious that it is no tree of life, when it lies. God does not make the tongue to utter falsehood. It is not endowed with volubility, freshness, and fervour of speech, to utter untrutr s. God is a God of truth ; and if the tongue speaks falsely it is an instrument of unrighteousness, and under the influence -of Satan, who is the father of lies. ' 2. The tongue is no tree of life when it defames and utters scandal ; whether this proceed from the thought of your own mind or whether it be taken up from a neighbour. ' 3. When the tongue blasphemes, it is no tree of life. There are thos6 who profanely curse and swear. There are irreverent speeches respecting God; or concerning the unseen world, which are a Bhame and dishonour for a man to utter, and which are painful and injurious to. the auditors. These things are directly against the law of God, which sayB, ' Thou shilt not take tho name of the Lord thy God in vain.' '4. The tongue is not thus to be described when it propagates error, when it teuches and preaches l'alse doctrine .... 5. Nor is it a tree of lite, when the words are vicious or unholy. We are to put off concerning the former conversation, the old man, which is corrupt according to tho deceitful lusts. The words that stand in contrast to this are very beautiful — ' Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to tbe use of edifying, tbat it may minister grace unto the hearers.' Free Score. — ' And when * e reject, and put off, and resist all evil, let it not be supposed that we unduly restrict the tongue ; that we do not give it ample scope and opportunity for discourse. There are four great regions of truth, in which the tongue may do its duty to man, and glorify God ; so that, according to the metaphor of the text, the tree may open its ample branches, and may grow iu all tho loftiness of its stature, presenting fruita so luscious' and refreshing, that all who pass by may eat and regale themselves. What are these regions in which the tongue may exercise itself so freely ? '1. It has liberty, when it speaks of the works of God in creation. For there are the heavenB above,' and there is the earth beneath. There is the sun and the moon, and there are the stars of light. Here are lakes and rivers, fountains and waterfalls, hills and valleys. Here are trees, from the cedar of Lebanon to the hyssop on the wall. There are creatures of every kind, from the ephemeron which glitters in the sunbeam, and dies at nigbt, to the lofty archangel, who never dies at all. We may speak of these things, aided by the investigations of others who are wiser than ourselves. Science may shed its bright and b weet light upon our conversation and discourse. And I think that the exercise of the tongue is salu tary, when in this spirit we exclaim, These are thy gloriouB works. Parent of good, Almighty, tbiue tbis universal frame, Thus wondreusfalr ; Thyself liow wondrous then ! Unspeakable, who sitt'st akore these heavens, To us Invisible, or dimly seen In these thy lowcBt works ; yet these declare Thy goodness beyond thought, and power divine. ' 2. The Becond great region for the use and exercise of the tongue is the providence of God, or the Government of God, in his watchfulness over the affairs of men. There is the history of all nationB, from the beginning of all time till now. There are events taking place every day in the four quarters of our great globe ; ana copious information is brought to us by the public press. A man may go into these topics devoutly and piously, beholding in these occurrences the hand of God, the result of 'His connsels, and the accomplishment of His will.' 'We may tell aud tattle of our own experience, like David, when he said, ' Come and hear, a1! ye that fear God : and I will declare what He hath done for my soul.' This must be done with prudence and discretion, with delicacy ani with caution ; or you may make known what had better be concealed andneverhave been spoken. You may give the account of your own life, which is to you the most interesting manifestation of God's provi dence, and which may be instructive to those around you. You may safely speak of the protection you have enjoyed under the shadow of His wing, of the security and repose you have realized under His government, guidance, and protection ; and you may thus lead others to that fountain of satisfaction, by which you are made happy. This is the way in which the tongue may miniBter that which is refresh ing and edifying, and be a tree of life. ' '3. This is the Word of God. Here is a wide region, a beautiful and fragrant field, which is full of riches and glory. You may g» from the beginning of (ienesis to the end of Bevelaiion. Here are facts and 'histories. Here are types and prophecies, psalms and hymns, philosophy in Ecclesiastes, and common sense in the Proverbs to regulate tbe ttairs of life. Above all, here is Christ, in hiB work and substitution, in his sacrifice and his grace, in his gift of the Holy Ghost, in his resurrection and ever lasting priesthood. ' -1. Again it may be so, when we speak of things that are especially suitable to the circumstances ef the people whom we are addressing. Is any oppressed or cast down ? A word spoken in due season how good is it ! Of Chri6t it was predicted, —He shall know how to speak a word in Beason to him that is weary.- ' Comfort ye, comfort ye, my people, saith your God.' Speak that which will assuage grief, and mitigate sorrow ; and it is a leaf from tbe tree of life which is for the healing of the nations. High Callinc of the Tongue. — ' We read of a -tree of life in three places in Holy Scripture. 1. In the Book of Genesis we are informed that it was placed in the midst of the garden. Oi it our first parents misjht eat when they pleased, and its fruit was pleasant to the taste. It was understood to he a sign and token and pledge of their immortality. 2\. Then, in the splendid visions which Ezekivl saw, there was the tree of life growing on either side of that extraordinary rjver -which issued from the temple steps. This is supposed to intimate that believers who receive continual supplies of living water from God, should be lovely and fruitful to one another, and salutary in their mutual communica tions. 3. And in the Book of Revelation, there is the tree of life, casting down its shadow upon the river, bearing twelve manner of fruits, and having leaves which are for- -the healing of the nationB. And the text intimates that what the tree was to our first parnnts, and what it is in th- of J£zckiel and fievelati -n, the tongue of wise, holy, intelligent, and devout man will the sphere and station which he occupies, am eirclo which Divine Providence has appoint to fill and to adorn. A wholesome tongue is of life. Vabiocb Scenes of Action. — ' There tongue which argues and flushes in the There iB the tongue of the advocate ani judge, the tongue which expounds law, aid the ru.es of evidence ; the tongue which act condemns the prisoner* In the saro:ui tongue of a righteous minister is a tree of 1: it known unto you, that by this man, Jesus we preach repentance and the forgiveness - that by Him we are justified from all thin{ which we conld not be justified b) :he lawol When these truths are opened, and ibeBe pi are expounded, the tongue is a tree of life. Peter spoke on the day of Pentecost, his ton a tree of life. When 1'aul spoke on Mars' 1 tongue was a tree of life. And when thte dul pulpit iB rightly done, and the Holy Gaost pauies the utterance, this text is verified, people say,—' It is good for as to be hers tongue is touched with a live coal from off tl In the 6anrLury one would wish not to be t which tho traveller seeking to quench his thi find no water. One would wish to be a foun flowing, or a tree of life from which all ma fruit., as much of it as they will. * Tajile Talk. — '2. Our tongue may be. i life in our families, at our morning ahd repast, daily, as we meet at table. Wha conversation ? Let it bo innocent and harm it be sportive, if you please ; there is no obj hilarity, or to the sparkling and playfulnesi but we should aim to be intelligent aud inE whilo at the same time we are elastic; happy ; so, your tongue may be tree of life. A Guide of Youth.— '3. The text verified, when we tench the young ; when Scripture into their minds, when we explait the Book of God, when we lead them in thi virtue, or speak to them of Cliris-t. Oh be c speak innocently ani piously in the nearii young. 4. The tongue may be a tree in our ordinary intercourse with one anoth we meet to show our friendship and good to partnk- of each other's hospitality. Wh tongue d iing f It is melancholy to think t good men often meet, without deriving an; tage from each other's company. The righ is not started, and nothing profitable or te edification is spokc-n. There iB ' water dec well, but, (here is no bucket to draw it out. The Best Talk — ' What examples, on hand we have in Scripture of profitable conv How Elijah and Elisba talked! How disciples conversed on their way to Kmmaui a third hud drawn nigh, they said, ' Die hearts burn within us while he talked w; the way, and while he opened to us the Scr How Christ talked! We refer not only occasions or to public discourses; but sei dinner in the Pharisee's house ; mark his d( there, and observe the effect his conversatio the woman ut bis feet ! You Bay, ' I am no \- o ; but he has set us an exampl', that v walk in His steps, and we should aim ti Him. The Fruits. — ' Let me remind you tl sentiment; you advance is a seed which wil where. Like the down of the thiBtle, it wi ried on the wingB of the wind. It will be and take root, and vegetate, and grow, multiply, and it may endure for ages. Ev is a seed, and bo is every truth ; it may go pngatu itself, and bo multiplied indefinite there is this great difference : that error n of itself, like the thorns and briers of th nens ; while truth requires care, and cu and watehfulness, being like the precio or like the most valuable amo herbs. Take care that you do not sow thi sin by y^ur conversion, but the seeds of and if these bo sown with difficulty, and e weeping, in due time you shall return, sheaves of glory with you, and enjoying i harvest. ' ?'). Lastly, th9 tongue may be a trei at tho bed of the sick and dying. Thei utter its softest word^Jand drop sentence richest ? consolation, which will be uns precious. You may say things to tl which will help them in their final I so that after your voice, they hear no more, till they listen to the wore glorified, and to the tongues of the angelB \ in heaven. I observe in conclusion, the to small member, but it boasteth great thi may be the instrument of great evil, or of good. It is by the tongue that princes rule decree judghment. By tbe tongue the defends his client, and the jury give thei By the tongue, the minister performs . 1 in the sanctuary, and the mercha ducts his business, and masters t- the schools, ani all things in the science, and in lhe courts of soverei| transacted by the tongue'. The tongue ofm pivot on which the whole system of huma: moves. It is the tongue that makes our tal from the mangers of horses ; by re&so; tongue, we are not dumb, as the fishes o By the tongue, we sing litanies to God, and homilies to men. I wonder not that Davi say, ' Awake up my glory, and sing praiflt or that Dr. Young should affirm, If thought were all, sweet speecli had been di Bless God for the tongue. Ask for wisdom tongue may utter knowledge. Ask for « mind, that these may be sanctified speel set a watch upon the door of your lips, not tame another man's ton cue, but yon your own. May it henceforth be a tree of 1 Two great projects for internal commi have come to grief. The Victorian ment has declined to grant the . ? Gri torian North-Western Canal Company of acres of land, and hence the project ann- tbe prospectus of the company may be com lapsed, unless the public should be disposi the matter up and subscribe the funde re carry out the undertaking. Although financial and engineering aspects of the qu have nothing to do, yet the mere fact of st ject having been formally proposed to o Governments of these colonies, denotes the of ideas which are destined at no very di to be carried into effect. lie mere of such a project suggests other pi an analagous character. We have no ri magnitude fit to be compared with that of tt streams which both drain and water the ( of North and South America; yet IheBemig are fed by a rainfall which is proportio) greater than our own. They run cont whereas many of our rivers, during t drought, become mere chains of -pondB. 1 ence between the ^ater-supply of the two arises from the different physical conditio! ing in each. Here the great interior is mountain chains to condense the mc the sea breezes into snow, to t re-melted by the heats of snmme source of supply to our rivers in the hot s( on the contrary, when our rains fall, w. often do very heavily, the water is either e or absorbed by the soil in spreading over t of immense plains, almoBt- destitute of wat or permanent channels for holding it. If only store for use as needed, the water thai appears uselessly dining one of our gri what wonders might we not effect with domain of agriculture, is engineering wholly unable to cope with the difficultiei in such an undertaking ? Many . most enterprizing squatters have alrea these matters into serious consideration adopting, means, on a small scale, forstorin plus water of our rainfall. They will eveutuE the £tting reward of their provident Although we havo latterly hud seasons moist, we are not warranted by our past expect that such moist weather will alwa portion. Long droughts will come, and i come the flockmaster who has provided agt will save his cattle, while those who have their opportunity will lose their property, j if ever the interior of New South Wales iB a great grain and fruit producing area, it 1 the instrumentality of a stored rainfall, sup) means of irrigation where there are n streams. 