IRELAND. IRELAND AND FRANCE. Ireland is acting a part that will be a bright page in her history. True to the chivalry and the spirit of honour that has ever made her name famous, her sympathy for France has not been less in disaster than in the hour of triumph. It was Ireland that at the first announcement of the war stood foremost, and took up the cause of France. Before the armies of the empire had reached the Rhine, the sympathies of Ireland were awakened. With no mistakable feeling she then declared her earnest hope for the success and glory of the tricolor. The struggle came, and the solidity of the empire that was guaranteed by the miserable adventurers to whom Napoleon had en trusted his fate was found worthless and hollow, without resource or inge nuity to meet the terrible presence of an entire nation in arms, long and well prepared for the conflict. But the hour of adversity wrought no change in that first feeling of devotion that made Ire land one with the cause of France. Ireland has not yet learnt to draw her inspiration from the same source as that which serves the London press to guide the public of perfide Albion. To her 1he time of misfortune is the worst time to choose to cry down your friend, or the noble ally that saved you from ex termination at Inkerman. Though the empire is gone France still lives, and the sympathy she had from Ireland in the beginning she has now. The Irish Ambulance Corps is a fact that Ireland may well look upon with pride. It has been an answer to her revilers that has silenced them with shame. At first, magnanimous correspondents announced that Ireland was on the platform ; that every one was ready to get up h demon stration, and address one another all round, but beyond speech-making Irish men would do nothing. And this mali cious taunt was uttered when the moneys of Ireland from every county and town were being collected to be forwarded to the relief of the French sick and wounded. Of course the Times apologized to Ireland, as no doubt it will do to Prussia, for the little inter view it got up between King William and Napoleon. Count Bismarck has impugned the veracity of the Times correspondent, but Ireland, in her own case, prefers to let time prove the mis representations that have been put to her account. To England, Ireland has ever been ) the piece-de-resisiance. Misunderstood ' and misruled from the beginning, the ordeal of persecution and tyranny has only served to keep her nationality as vigorous up to the present day as it was in the days of Cromwell, or before the time when Adrian, with unwise benevo lence, awarded the country to the Crown of England. That nationality, which year after year grows more significant and irrepressible, finds in the present war an opportunity, sad in itself, but taken up with true sympathy, of show ing to the world how the sentiments of Ireland are her own, distinct from the policy that leads the nations around her. Ireland wants no thanks. Her greatest reward will be to know that she has succoured, to her utmost, France in the hour of trial. For this the Ambulance Corps was organized. It was all that Ireland was permitted to do by the stringent laws which make up neutrality. But the noble sacrifice and the humane efforts of those who form Ireland's brigade of the red cross will be read with enthusiasm when the present war shall be a matter of history. — Universe. o . — The Catholic . University oe Ireland. — The solemn ceremony of opening the academical session of the Catholic University took place on the 1 5th October in the church attached to that institution. There was a very i large and fashionable congregation f assembled, who, from the unusual inte- 1 rest they manifested in the sacred fiinc- | tion, were evidently anxious to attach to it a good deal of political significance. The space occupied by the graduates and undergraduates was enclosed by a neat row of stalls, in which the pro fessors sat in the order of their respec tive faculties. The High Mass was commenced at 12 o'clock by the rector, Dr. "Woodlock, who presented himself at the rails of the sanctuary after the Gospel, and delivered ah address on the occasion which had brought them together. He dwelt long and eloquently on the principle that science and reli gion could not be separated, and in conclusion he proceeded to show that the Catholic Church had always pro moted the cultivation of the arts and sci ences, as was splendidly evidenced in the acts of the General Council which hadjust been sitting at the Vatican. The follow ing remarkable passage he then quoted from the acts of the. Council : — " The Catholic Church perpetually and unani mously has also held and holds that there is a twofold knowledge — natural and divine. And not only can faith and reason never be at variance, but they afford each other mutual assistance: for right reason demonstrates the foun dations of faith, and illumined by its light, cultivates the science of things divine, while faith frees and guards reason from . errors, and furnishes it with manifold knowledge. So far, therefore, is the Church from opposing the culti vation of human arts and sciences, that she in many ways helps and promotes it ; for she is neither ignorant of nor despises the benefits to human life which result from them, but confesses that as they come from God, the Lord of sciences, so if they be rightly treated, they lead to God by the help of His grace. Nor does the Church forbid that each of these sciences within its own sphere should make use of its own principles and its own method, but while recognizing this just liberty she is sedulously on her guard lest bv opposing the divine teaching they assume the patronage of error, and lest going beyond their own boundary they invade and trouble the domain of faith." At the conclusion of the High Mass the hymn to invoke the aid of the Holy Ghost on the labours of the session just commenced was chanted, after which the ceremonial was brought to a close. The Press of Ireland on the Royal Marriage. — The Daily Express asks, " Is there not in this marriage the germ of an Irish question ? Three princes and a princess remain still un disposed of. justice to Ireland clearly demands that we should not be for gotten, but that we should number amongst our Irish aristocracy a member of the royal family. Having thus anti cipated the grievance-mongers, we can tender our loyal congratulations to Her Majesty upon the wisdom of her choice, which she must be gratified to find aclcnowleged by all classes of her people, without a single dissentient voice." The same journal dismisses as unworthy of serious consideration all apprehensions of dynastic complications arising out of the innovation, now that "the royal veto upon legislation is regarded as practically obsolete, and when, the House of Commons, not the Sovereign, makes and unmakes Cabi nets and it adds that " had the late Earl of Derby been wedded, like his ancestor five centuries ago, to a royal princess, the royal prerogative would not have been exercised, either to retain him in office or to save the Irish Church. For good or for evil the poli tical power of the sovereign is at a very low ebb. The Treeman s Journal says, " The public will see in this innovation common sense striking down the barrier that severs a ruler from the people, and the first step towards the removal of the superstition that 'hedgeth round' the blood of royal personages. It is a right royal stride in the democratic course on which England has of late travelled with such rapidity, and we hope the Commons of England will mark their appreciation of it by giving a right loyal dowry to the daughter of a Queen who broke the spell that de graded the marriage of a royal lady to being a contract of policy from being an affair of a girl's heart." The Cork Examiner regards the occurrence as "a striking sign of the times." It thinks the alliance " an extremely for- tunate one for the Princess. To be the wife of the head of the princely house of Campbell is something better than to fall into the hands of some needy German adventurer." The Cork Herald says, " The expectant bridegroom's father is a leading member of the Ministry, and though possessing some of the best blood of Scotland in his veins, respects trade and commerce so much that he has placed a younger son in an office in Liverpool." The Cork Constitution thinks that notwithstanding the decline of the personal influence of the Sovereign, there will be a natural and incontrovertible suspicion of under hand influence being used , by one so closely allied to the royal family, and for that reason concludes, that S£ve pro jected alliance will not be received with favour in English circles." It is under stood that the nuptials will probably bo. celebrated about the first week in Feb ruary at Windsor Castle. It is expected that Parliament will be asked to pre sent the Princess Louise on her mar riage with the Marquis of Lome with the same dowry as that granted to the Princess Helena, viz., £30,000, and an annuity of' £6,000'. : Death of the Mother Superior of St. Canice's. — Tbesad announce ment of the death of this amiable and accomplished religious was received' with feelings of the deepest regret in Kilkenny, and where as Mother Superior of the convents of Berris in Ossory, and subsequently of St. Canice's, she won the respect and affection of all within her influence. Carrick for the French. — Avery enthusiastic meeting to promote funds for the aid of the French wounded was recently held in the Town Hall, Carrick- on-Suir, Dr. A. O. O'Ryanin the chair. Upwards of £20 were then collected, and it is expected that Carrick will contribute upwards of £80 to this most praiseworthy object. Michael Balfe. — An Irishman of distinguished talents as a musical 'com poser, Michael Balfe, has just died, and we observe that almost all the London papers describe him as being English. He was, however, born in Dublin. No modern composer has placed so many popular works before the public. . His career was a long one, and some of the best operas wedded to Fglish vrordf are his. It is remarka! ! that one of his most gifted musical co temporaries, Wallace, was also an I, ashman; and that another Irishman, Arthur Sullivan, is acknowledged to be one of the best composers of the day. It thus appears that the musical genius of the " land of song" has not ceased to flourish, The Irish and French Volunteers from America. — Count Carlier Yeshid, a French resident in the United States, arrived lately at Brest on board the Lafayette, and gave an account of both the journey and the reception which was given to the 94th Irish and French Volunteers. The Count has enlisted himself as a private soldier in an in fantry regiment, notwithstanding his being married and having several children left at New York. Amongst those who arrived was also an old Zouave who had retired to America after having taken part in eleven cam paigns, including the Crimea, Italy and Mexico. The chief field of his exploits was, however, Africa. He is far above 50 years of age, and also left a wife with children in New York, where he was keejnng a small French public- house. On the next day after the arrival of the Lafayette at Brest there was a review of local troops, in which both the French and the Irish newly arrived volunteers marched by the" side of the regular troops and the Mobiles) Factions. — We observe witn pleasure says the Universe , that at Maghera'felt, in the north of Ireland, the magistrates have resolved to act on the suggestions of Mr. Coffey, Q.C., to which we drew attention last week, and have resolved to do their best to put down party pro cessions. They have come to a decision to punish with fine and imprisonment all who shall take part in demon strations colculated to' foment civil strife. Mr. Coffey told them not to begin with the poor and lowly, but to strike at the leaders. Of the magis trates who have arrived at this wise determination, nine are Conservatives and three are Liberals. We trust that their example will be extensively followed. We notice also as another v pleasing fact that - with" the view ' of Q: avoiding- the lamentable feuds which have disgraced the. Deny celebrations from year to year, the Catholic Defence Association of the city has issued an address to the Catholics of all Ulster. In this document, while justifying the existence of the body under present circumstances, they offer, nevertheless, to dissolve it if the Apprentice Boys will do the same, and so anticipate the era of religious equality by putting an end to the organization of religious factions. Such a course is most honourable, but we fear that the Apprentice Boys are too mueh wedded to their celebrations to give them up. Let tis hope, however, that they will. 