TERRIBLE SCENES. The Paris correspondent of the ' Tunes, writing under date April 10, says :— A heavy fusillade was audible from the side of Colombes and Asnieres, and sup posing Neuilly to be in consequence tole rably quiet, I resolved to attempt a visit as far as I could penetrate through the Bois de Boulogne. My ambulance uni form served to pass nie through the Dau pliinegate, and, mindful of the rumour that the Bois was occupied by the Versailles party, I skirted along its edge, keeping as much as possible in the dyke which bounds it, until I reached the spot from which the ambulance waggons were forced to fly some four days ago. Everything seemed tranquil, and so I tied on my brassard and put a bold face on the matter, determined to plead hospital busi ness, should I find myself in a dilemma. Neuilly is, without metaphor, a city of the dead. As far as the principal avenue is concerned there is nothing remarkable to be seen. Brown-red spots upon the pavement mark the passage of death, while holes ploughed in the ground and trees torn up and scattered show that the struggle was a desperate one. The side streets present a heart-rending spectacle, and give us a foretaste of what we are to expect should the Versailles army force an entrance into Paris. Piles of bodies, Versaillais and Federals, littered the doorsteps, and lay in heaps beyond the staircases, while long, thin lines of blood marked the progress of some victims, wounded unto death, who had crawled into a cupboard or beneath the shadow of a fireplace, and lay there still, with calm, white faces, fixed in ghastly relief in the light that penetrated down the chimney. In some instances there had evidently been a severe contest, hand to hand. Men lay id twos and threes, one upon another, and I felt like a ghost in some Icelandic tale of horror, ifie only living creature among so many dead. The dis tant fusillade and crash of shells served but to increase the stillness and impress me with the general hush. I was as tonished to remark that several women had fallen, in one instance pierced by many balls. All of them were in the cantiniere uniform, some with a gaily painted little cask strapped round the waist, others with pistols undischarged still in their belts. There was one lying alone within a courtyard, a handsome young woman, with black hair braided about her temples, a smile upon her lips, and the fragment of a sabre in her hand. She belonged to the 68th battalion, and had been struck down by the explosion of a shell. Further on, half buried under a heavy door which had fallen from its hinges, were two men, one a sailor and the other a soldier of the line, killed by frag ments of the same projectile, and half across the door and over the courtyard stones were trails of some long creeper, just bursting into leaf. Many houses are unroofed and open to the sky, while shattered blocks of stone and heaps of bricks and slate render some of the narrow lanes almost impassable. I find upon en quiry that a very large proportion of the victims of the last few days are women, counting, together those who have been killed by accident and those who have per ished sword in hand. One lady, indeed, bids fair to rival Theroigne de Mericourt— "Citoyenne Eudes," as she is called, wife of the General of the same name, who — -- ■ — J- *.i.xaoy? a mem ber of the Commune. It is said that she has been under fire several times, and has picked off her men with soldierly sang froid. I wandered from street to street and about the charming villas that nestle among trees along the iseuliiy-roaa, wa a melancholy sight they are. Every where choice shrubs lying prone upon the ground, and fragments of China vases and splinters of green shutters—statues withoutheads, fountain-tazzas overturned, balconies torn down, and verandahs bent and broken. In those cases where doors remain intact the windows are all shat tered, and, rooms and garden walks are strewn with broken glass. Fortunately, almost all furniture has been removed, and even in such houses as still boast of curtains and household stuff but little appears to have been taken by the plun derer. Meanwhile, I became aware that the battle on my left was increasing in in tensity. The long Avenue of Neuilly became perforce a kind of neutral ground, being swept by both parties, from the ramparts as well as from the batteries of Courbevoie. A division was therefore made of the Versailles Corps d'Annee, one portion retiring upon Boulogne and the racing-ground of Longchamps, the other occupying Sablonville. There two divi sions poured a joint fire on the Porte Maillot, aided in their efforts by shells and boites a mitraille from Mont Vale rien. The trees that still remain in the Bois appeared on fire, half enveloped as they were in a dense white smoke. A violent fusillade continued, lasting nnt.il sunset, while shells were incessantly hurled on Maillot, the Ternes, and the Arch of Triumph. Five projectiles fell within the American ambulance, which is empty and left to its fate ; twenty more exploded at the top of the Champs Elysees within half-an-liour. Foot passengers fled scared, or shrunk under the shadows of the houses, and the National Guards re mained hidden behind corners, shaking their fists and vowing vengeance on the canaille. '' We have had enough of this," they said. " We have been too long suf fering with those brutes. Out with the feu Gregeois, the piorate de potasse, and the dynamite. We will sweep them from the face of the earth !" And they waved their arms and uttered imprecations, and then resumed their pipes and retired still further under shelter, quite satisfied with their own conduct. The. Paris correspondent of the ' Daily Telegraph,' under date April 19, says :— The day has passed off with alternations of rain, squalls, and cannonade. Fight ing is going on as usual, and it seems likely to go on indefinitely, if no arrange ment can be made. The Commune, however, is slowly getting the worst of it. The fact is proved by certain signs supplied by the 'Journal Offi ciel' itself, which is foil of all kinds of threats against the men who " refuse to march"—thus indicating that men are running short—hut which contains no sort of allusion to the battles of the last two days about Asnieres, thereby show ing that even Communal invention cannot screw a Buccess out of those engagements. My doctor told me this morning that the number of Federals wounded since Mon day is veiy large. Most of them, as I said in a recent letter, are carried to their own lodgings, so as to be out of sight when the Versaillais come in. The consequence is, that, irrespective of the ambulance sur geons, every ordinary doctor has a lot of them on his hands. Mine had eight cases from yesterday's combats alone, most of which he thinks will end in amputation— that is to say, in death, for throughout the war scarcely any amputated men have recovered. After wandering about for two hours to-day I met one acquaintance, i The emptiness, the dulness of the place are beyond description. Even Theophile Gautier, who is indisputably the greatest master of adjectives now alive, would fail to find a sufficient epithet for the present condition of the streets of Paris. " Com munal sadness" will henceforth feebly ex press it to those who have seen it; but to the absent—and the absent are nearly all the world—that phrase can have no mean ing. Excepting that we have gas, Paris is now infinitely more miserable than when I came in, just after the siege, on the 2nd February. Save at the food shops and the chemists, shutters are up everywhere ; and oven the butchers are closing their doors, having no meat to sell. The sun is going down in a bank of black clouds, against which little columns of white smoke are rising. I cannot see the fight, for the houses hide it; but that smoke shows me where it is, and the in cessant roll of explosions confirms the in dication. A woman was carried past on a door an hour ago; she was covered with a blue blanket, and I could not make out what had happened to her; but as she was borne by Federates I supposed she had been hit by a shell. Directly after wards two omnibuses full of dead men were driven past my door, coming from the Porte d'Asnieres. I did not see the sight, for I had just left the window; but my concierge tells me the bodies were piled up like luggage in a railway van. As I write (7.30 p.m.) the firing has sud denly become most violent all round Neuilly j Mont Valerien is furiously throwing shells, which are bursting in front of me like rockets in the bouquet of a firework. Yet people are dawdling along in the street as if nothing were the matter. Night falls.fast, and the flashes from Valerien grow more and more vivid ; the shells come half a minute after the light of the gun, and burst 500 yards in front of me, round the Arc de Triomphe. They are fired straight at my windows ; but, luckily for me and my belongings, I am outside the range they have to cover, so I can safely look them in the face. With the daily continuance of the fight ing the most violent among the " Reds" become even more desperate. The women have now at length come to the front in regular military form. This afternoon we were all drawn to the windows by the sound of a band, and those who went to see were delighted by the spectacle of a company of women dressed as National Guards, fully armed and equipped, with musicians at their head, marching down the Faubourg Poissoniere towards the barracks. Beaten though we were yes terday, we had time for some plunder, and visited the establishment of the Sis ters of St. Germain de l'Auxerrois— women poor themselves, who work hard to maintain themselves, and instruct the children of the poor. Not much money was found in the cash-box; but we are not scrupulous, and were content with what we did find—some 600f. 