TLX 1?L A^EUoi ia* x* I hope that the Marquis of Norman^ ^ ® pleasing reception in Brisbane, but that PP. , be doubtful. It seems that one of the Government, whether hemnsed in beer as another member appeared to have been at Rock hampton — made a virulent speech against Brisb the rival town of Ipswich, in eonscqnfnc.fi of which, the Mayor of Brisbane had resolved to exercise his oorporate authority, ana reiuse iu the Government in any measures they might ta -e for the reception of the new Governor. His Worship had caused notice to be given to the Acting Governor against erecting -any obstructions, in the shape of triumphal arches and eucb like vanities m the streets; and it was said that the Bris bane shops were all to be kept open as usual, instead of. keeping holiday, while the Brisbaneites would appoint another day for themselves to wait upon, the Governor with -an Address. Hither a pleasant position this for a new Governor to be placed in ; but if he is wisely advised he will take tilings as they are, clap his unofficial hat upon upon his head, take bis unofficial stick in his hand, :and walk up quietly and unostentatiously to Government House, ^'returning with courtesy the respectful greetings of the people/' as tho reporters would say, if he gets any; and, H n°tj making tip his mind philosophically to do without them. Now if the Queensland Government and Parliament had taken the precaution to establish a local military force, as we wise fellows have done hero, all this kind of thing could soon have been put down* By shooting a couple of Brisbane Aldermen and half-a-dozen Brisbane Communists, and arrest ing Mayor, the whole emeute could hav e been suppressed at once. As it is, they must get out of the mess in the best way they can. Talking of armed bands and shooting, and all that kind of thing, calls to mind again the rumours of farther wats'in Europe. I think that il The Battle ; of Dorking ' has been well responded to by 'The I Prussian Invasion of England.;', but X hope that . the news of a triporite treaty between England, j Germany, and Austria will prove to be true, aud thus put an end to all fears of either one or the . other. In the meantime, I find that a well-known *. gosaipvng tOutiiVAiVoT to the T/ia&er; » makes certain .statements with reference to the first n&med;'subject, and also on the subject of the com parative merits of British and Australian volunteers, which I give as I find them : A gentleman who has just ruturncfl from England as lures me thatJtUe publication ot the Battle of Dorking in Black wood'* Magazine has created a profound sensation amongst all classes. Tlie author Is not, as was at first supFioeed, Colonel Hamley, but liis brother, a young engineer officer. The general in command at the battle is meant for Lord Stratlinalm, and £lr, Harry Tombs is the artillery officcr killed by a canon ball. My informant, who is himself well np in military affairs, tells me that the English and Scotch volunteers ate, as a body, as much Inferior In drill and know ledge of the rifle to our men as they are to the best regiments of regulars. If such be the oose, do not wcniie: at the panic. Lord Strathnairn was recently Commander-in-Chief in Ireland, and he was distinguished in India as Sir Hugh Rose. By-the-bye, talking of military tactics, about as good a move' as I have heard or read of for a long time was put into practice by a nnmber of soldiers who were about to be shot in prison after the Archbishop of Paris and the sixty four other hostages had been made away with, but who, very reasonably, appeared to object to that proceeding, and not only turned the tabies upon the Committee of- the Commnne, who had taken up their quarters in the prison, but compelled thorn to skedaddle. Here is the Recount : On Saturday the surviving prisoners were about to bo shot by tbe Commnne, which had established its bea^-quarterfl at the prison, when, at the instigation of one of the old staff , who -had been retained in his office by the Commune, tlicy rebelled and withdrew into one portion of the prison, whoro they barricaded themselves, and where the insurgents tried to burn them alive. The mattresses, however, being mado of wool, preserved them, so that tbey were not much burned A hundred soldiers, who had remained in the hands of the Com mune when the barracks of Prince Eugene were captured, formed among themselves a very solid nucleus ot resistance, and at 5 o'clock on fiatnrday evening the Commune, seized with a positive panic, fled, carrying off with them the money chest, and directing their flight to the Mairie of the Twentieth Arrondissement. The Commune was evidently composed of curs in this quarter, and if other victims had made a fifilit for their live', they might also have been succcsaful. I observe that the Victorian iron-clad Bhip of war Cerberus is now fitted out and ready for eea, and judging from the description, although she looks more like an innocent American river passengor boat than a powerful man-of-war, she is likely to prove a formidable customer if her prowesB should be called in question. But the particular matter I have to notice in connection with this subject is the runipus which the Sabbatarians in Melbourne kicked up because the vessel was thrown open to public inspection on a Sunday. They appear to have assailed the Treasurer, Mr Berry, witt- no end of importunities because he persisted in allowing this privilege to the people; but he was oom mendably firm on tho occasion, reminding his pious tormentors that the working classes had no other dsj- on which, they oould have an opportunity of visiting the ship. Those Sabbath mongers are a class not altogether unknown to me Mentally they are cramped, selfish, and pharifaica.1. Personally they are usually damp, white-faced, ooncupisosnt- looking men, with any num'.er tf childrsn. I see from late English papers that they have lately been distinguishing themselves greatly in London, under the au-pices of a certain Rev. Bee Wright, (The Little Busy Bee, I suppose) secretary to the Association for the Suppression of Sunday Trading. ThiB zealous individual attended at the Hammersmith police court on the 6th June last, and then and there distinguished himself by prosecuting certain poor women for keeping cake-sta'ls and apple-stalls in the street on a Sunday, contrary to the Statute of his late Majesty King Charles (he Second of pious and virtuous memory. Some fines were inflicted, and Mawworm and his witness^ a man named Jackson, who had become well known in this line of business, were rewarded by being hissed and hooted by the populace in the street when tbey left the oourt, for which the parson returned and took out a summon) against one of the patties. Mr'. P. A. Taylor, MJP., writes to the London papers to say that this enforcement, by tho Maw worms, of the blessed Statute of Charles II., was becoming a source of most intolerable persecution against some of the very poorest and the most help les- --,f tho community. It is, indeed, absolutely shocking that such things should be done under the name of religion. The persecution has given birth to an opposition, or resistance, in the shape of a 'Free Sunday Association;' and Mr. Taylor mentions the two following casgs as having been recently brought before the bench : On Monday morning a little girl came to me in great dis tress, stating that her mother, who keeps a small sweet-shop in the neighbourhood, had been suddenly dragged off by tlie police tot nonpayment of fines for Sunday trading, leaving si* young children unguarded, and that, her father being smyftom home at work, lio did not know what to do. She said they had paid man fines before, but this time they actually hod no* the means, and from the empty condition of the ihmi, as I subsequently ascertained, this wai probably comsct. In the course of the day the father called, and Mid be oould not appear at the court to help his wife as there wsa a warrant against him for a similar offence' I rather advised that he and . his wife Should go quietly to prison, in pursuance of the well-known observation of an advocate to his client, ' Only let them bang you, and they'll see what we will do ; but this advice not seeming palatable— possibly tho tlx children stood in the w»y-the only further suggestion I could make was that they should plead that the Sil' I bear this morning that this P r? « resulted in bet temporary release, the magistrates taWntrUme to consider the pott So much for one ci.se, TJre second case-whjch camc off at the Mansion-house-is described to me as follows :-The Free Sunday Association resolved to test the law in its application to one of the most STK^S.faD2l^friesitpro1b?b'''- of the known world, viz, r. William Harding, the state coachman of the Lord Mayor thus described in a graphic report which has been sent to me of the proceedings ' He wore a red coat trimmed with eold lace, buff breeches, and pink stockings, three-cornered bat trimmed with gold and red lace, &c.; ' Against this magnificent Individual a summons was demanded for that, on Sunday 28th May, he did, In defiance of the Act 29 Charles IL. pursue hi* ordinary calling by driving the Lord Mayor In his state carriage from the Mansion-house to 8i Paul's Cathedral, tho distance being about one-tliird of a mile, Ihe progress being performed with great ceremony, and involving the attendance of many equally gorgeous peraens, all fulfiling tUelrortihary calling. My wnwpondent says he cannot admit that the occupation 5^i? g ^ajd be termed a work of necessity, and aomp what disrespectfully adds, 'It was only a work of diiplay S?i? J2J2EL tfaat 'my of the attendants on S£.£3«?B,,jr'.',ha? ^elr nul»'ers were In the cathedral, regaled themselves at the ? tavern, the hour bein? tmA be Seen* 'r'eSjfn8 Public-houses are Uoensed to 1 18 ncedlMs to add that the Lord Mayor MJ0*™ the summons, upon the ground that 'the for U^ltes como,ri0,ln ,he These case, speak It ill going io law with the devil, they say, vrhen U. courts hold in -his own dominions ; and go fawtt'*'''' tl r7 i'fi1 8uch a ' gorgeous func „ Lord Mayor's state coachman would ™i» n 7 committed by the king of the city him calculated to bring truo, heartfelt religion itself into disbelief nnd contempt ? reminds me of a cireutnatmce that has only rec-a.'.y occurred here -or, rather, that circum stance icnunds me of another. I alludo in the first inf-itict lo the conviction nnd sentence of Alexander Jjccgmou:, late of the sehooner Challenge, for his transao'jnns with the natives of the South Sea iamuas, ve nothing to do with that particular \- : c ?' , -.aai tiefeu ; UMpoatd ofj Jjut,-. at fjr.ngmuir is raid to have boon a regular attendant- with . certain church, congregations when on there in Sydney, I am reminded of what ooouired some four or five years ago out here when Sir William Wiseman was Commodore on this station. Some blacks on one of the islands —I sup- 1 pose we shall sever know for a positive fact tlie true j reason — attacked ' a missionary store,' and | destroyed some property belonging to the ltev. Mr. ] Paton. Vengeance was invoked, and Commodore I Wiseman was called upon to inflict it, which he did to some purpose, if I may judge from . the pictorial, and letter-press descriptions in the Illustrated Syd ney News of the day, where the natives were repre sented as being spitted and slaughtered wholesale. Great 'scandal being caused by, all this, and by the severe animadversions of a roitTiox of the Press upon it, a meeting was called in Sydney by the par- j sons, and I believe a vote ol thanks was passed ] by them to the Commodore— who, for my pajt,'.I'j never blamed a bit, .as he'was only executing orders, and must have thought f.itdself ; right enough so long as he had the approbation of the Men of Peace. But at thit meeting there was a certain Elder who lifted up liis voice and said that savages were only to be dealt with by going to them . with ' the Bible in one hand and the sword So ih ' other,' Tbe Soldier of the Lord Willi the Bible and tbe Sword. This was our old Oliver Cromwell's cry ; but it was still more the way of another historical character — James Graham of Ciaverbouse, Viscount Dundee,.! who used to make short work of the hill-side Cove- . nan tors if they refused to take the test, and there fore preferred the honours of martyrdom by means of a platoon of soldiers — ' ready, present, fire !' I am rather puzzled to explain how I think there must be some connection between all this and, Longmuir and his slave-catcliing land church-going, dolights. I know that somo connection there must be, hut my head is too thick to hammer it out, tind. so I leave it to your enlightened readers. The author . of ' Nine Months in Fiji and other Islands' is throwing much light oh such subjects as this. - While on the subject of tbe parsons, I may not be far out of the way in thinking or talking of a parson age; and there is one now in course of construction near George-street whicb— though I suppose it may, not be called Golgotha now, as all the skulls at* being removed -from the ground — will have ia ghost like and skeletony repute , attaching ta Jt for man^ a day. When the ancient Church of St; Katherine wts pulled down, and the bones of the dead were removed from their grave's, in order that the com pletion of the great docks might be proceeded with — although the place was one of the lowest rookeries in London, and it was known that the contemplated improvements would bo immensely advantageous, yet there was a kind of shocked feeling at what seemed to be regarded as tbe desecration. For all that was known to the contrarv, the bones of valiant knights and peerless maidens might have been amongst the human debris carted off to Stepney and eleewhore. In the case of the skeletons taken out of their vaults and coffins recently to make way for tho foundations of the Dean's residence/ near the Cathedral, there was no probability of ad£ suoh heraldic sacrilege as this. We are told that? the coffins had no plates on them, and the con clusion is that the skeletons carted off to Haslem's Creek wore more nobodies, who will bo quite as com fortable there as they would be anywhere else. But perhaps this is a mistake. We have tbe authority ef the Gboul-like Durdles, the graye stone cutter, in poor Dickcns'B last, unfinished story, that ' the old 'iids,' i.e., tbe gentlemen under ground, are very quiet if left alone, and do not walk about at nights, ss somn people think ; but how if they aro dis turbed ? What if some of ' the old 'una' object to being hustled out of the proper abodes where,' may be, pious hands had consigned them to their rest, and being hurried off to tho common grave, ' out in the cold ?' Would it bo surprising to find ono of these gentlemen taking it into his empty akviU to walk into town in the middle of the night, nnd trying to get back to his old quarters, even if the parsonage, or deanery was built over them? Fancy ono of our stately 'Bobbies', bring called upon to arrest an unsubstantial visitor of Ibis kind, endeavouring to get into the 1 lean's drawing-room windows, in order to find his way down to the cellar! I Buppose that the Ohurch authorities will take the precaution of exorcising these perturbed spirits as much as possible ; but still I think that their mortal remains might as wdll bave been left where they wore. After a sleep of some sixty or seventy years, perhaps, even a skele ton, or a ghost, cannot much relish this rude dis turbance, even although he had no plate on his coffin. Tha rattling knock of the skeleton hand at the door of the deanery, seeking admission as a mat ter of right, may Btartlo some ploasant whist-party in evenings to come. Bully Tichborno, or Castro — whichever his real name is, for I suppose that it is not high treason to express a doubt upon the point as yet — has one thing which should incline impartial judgment favourably towards him at present, and tint is to say he has a confoundedly stupid, boorish lqdk, if I may judge from his portraits, which are/now as plentiful as those of Tom Thumb, or Ofenr; the Giant. Let nobody wonder at the hesitating, mazy answers of the claimant to the cross-examination of Sir John Coleridge, for the witness looks about ss intolligent as ono of the porkers that be is said to have been accustomed to slaughtering. What a glorious harvest for the lawyers! Whichever side wins or loses, they must be paid ; and only just contrast- their happy lot with that of the poor devils of briefless barristers alluded to by Mr. Justice Byles, in London, a couple of months ago, in adjudicating in a case under the Debtors' Act. An unfortunate was called up-n t« pay a debt by monthly instalments of £2, when he informed tho judge that it was absolutely impossible; that he was a barri-ter,' and that he only had, on an avcrago, about ono brief in a year ; whereupon Mr. Justice Byles made some remarks confirmatory of the distressed condition of many of the profession, and the Press comments upon the subject, in disapproval of needy persons ruBhing to | the bar for a living. ' without any particular gift of ! eloquence or special knowledge, and, what is still mor-' fatal, without 'connection.'' Oh, what would those starved land-shafks, with nothing to shark upon— who perhaps carry home their Euppors in the crowns of their haU — when they have any suppers at all— give for one slice out of the Tiohborne Pudding! But to come back to the case itself— what nonsense it is to pro i hibit people from offering opinions upon it, for I ! tell you, Sir, that thoy will do so ; because, as the old gossiping woman in o-;r back street , says, ' People will have their own opinions, my dear. Here is an instance : A certain tallow-faced but red nosed teetotaller — so I am told — was anxious to know the merits of the Tiohborne case, and, after trying for a long time in vain to suck i t in, asked tbe name of the defendant. ' Lushington,' was the reply : -( the case is Tichborne against Lushington.' ' Lushington ! ' repeated tbe teetotaller aghast ; ' then I am dead against him. We all sot our faces I against people of that kind ! ' So here was ' an I opinion formed at onco, and in utter dofianco of orders of court and writs for contempt. [ I perceive that the Scott Centenary is to be oele i brated by a banquet instead of a ball, and that I those who had conscientious scruples against i dancing to the memory of the great author will | have no objection to eating to his memory. We are queer mortals ! I presume that the influence of , the don. John Bowie has been thrown into the scale in favour of the feeding, as he is supposed to have a greater aptitude for gostronomioal than saltatory exoraises, and as his weight would carry a great deal. Well, I hopo thoy will be well supplied 1 with. haggis, brose, porritcb, cduld kail, and cock a-leekie, and that nono of them will talk too much I about themsolvos after dinner ; aud so ' May good digestion wait on appetite,' — Empire. j 