REVIEW. "Archbishop Whately, D.D., and Annihilation examined; life, Death, and Immortality con- sidered; the Eternity of the Being and Punish- ment of the Wicked proved by the Word of God." Written by Daniel Allen. We have received a copy of tbe above, In the form of a pamphlet, and we ate Informed that it Is an antidote tor the poison lately emanating from the Curtisonian disordered Intellect." This pamphlet bears date 1867, and although it may be used to counteract the dissemination of Mr Curtis's views, it was originally written to oppose the teachings of a Mr Dyer who was pastor of the Particular Baptist Church at Bal larat. The writer explains the difference between the General Destructionists — such as Dr Whately, with the thousands in America and elsewhere and the Particular Destructionists of Ballarat and London, to be as follows:—" The former hold that neither the' righteous nor the wicked have souls or spirits that can exist apart from their bodies; that at death the one knows no pleasure, the other no pain, until the Resurrec tion, when the one will live for ever, and the other will be burned out of existence. The Particular Destructionists believe as the others respecting the wicked. But respecting the righteous, they hold that, although they are born into this world like a beast, without a never-dying soul that can live apart from the body, yet — at what they call the new birth, or new creation— they hold a never dying immaterial spirit-being is imparted This is what they mean by life, eternal life, &c.; This other created soul they suppose goes to -Christ in glory at the death of the body, and is in the enjoyment of pleasure." He quotes authorities to show that "the doctrine of the Annihilationists — or, as they are more fre quently called, Destructionists— is a prominent doctrine of Buddhism, which is the religion of upwards of three hundreds millions of the human race. That what they call Nirwarna, or annihi lation, is obtained by those who have reached the highest state of perfection, and is the consum mation of happiness.- The grand and which the Buddhist sage aims at is cessation of existence — to be absolutely nothing." The writer reviews two volumes, one containing twelve lectures upon a "Future State," one upon "Good and Evil Angels," by Archbishop Whately, and his estimate of these works may be gathered from the fact that he had labelled them " Satanic Poison", as a caution to his family and friends using his library. He charges the Archbishop first with blaspheming tbe attributes of God; secondly with perjury, in taking an oath to up- hold the doctrines of the Church of England, when he is doing his best to overthrow it ; and thirdly, with robbing the Church and State of his great salary, whilst receiving it to maintain Pro testantism, which he is endeavoring to destroy. In chapter II the writer treats of "Immortality," which be defines to be "not -only never-dying being, but also unchanging blessedness of being." Chapter III. treats of "Death," which the Destructionists say is the blotting out of man's being, or existence, but which Mr Allen contends . is not non-existence, but " an awful state of death' in being," that whilst -man's body is In that con dition his soul and spirit are in existence else- where, just as oxygen and hydrogen, the compo- nent parts of water, may he separated for any length of time yet exist, and be brought together again as at the first. He quotes I Cor.xv.,36, "Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not' quickened except it die/' showing that death is only a preparatory stage for a newer and a brighler life, or for the eternity of punishment, which is dic- tinctly pronounced in 'various parts of the Bible to be the portion of the wicked. He says the most truly awful part of their doctrine is the blasphemous way in which the Destructionists speak of the Redeemers death. In order to get through with their dogma, that man has no soul or spirit which can exist apart from the body — and as Christ took man's nature, in all things like him — they are compelled to affirm, that Christ in His incarnation, had no soul or spirit, immaterial, spiritual, never dying. able to exist apart from the body: so that Christ, in His incarnation was and is only an animal If man, whose nature He took, is only an animal, His is just the same Whatever they make man to be— beast, worm, grass, ashes, dust, animal, or serpent — just the same is Jesus in His humanity. Just as much as they blast the fame of man's being, just so much they blast the fame of Christ's humanity, in his life and death ; just what one is, that is the other." He stigmatises this as a most Christ-dishonoring, God-insulting, and Holy Ghost-defaming doctrine. Chapter IV. defines life to be the being "alive unto God,' having "eternal life through the Saviour." Chapter V. deals with ' eternal pun ishment," and quotes numerous passages of scrip ture in which the doom of the wicked is pro nounced — " These Shall go away into everlasting punishment," "Depart ye curved into everlasting fire," "Suffering the vengeance of eternal fire," fire. The remainder of the work treats of the subject generally, and states that " Everlasting, and eternity in the Word of God, both in thrir originals and in our own language, into which they are translated mean "always being," " end ess ages." The writer asks, " Where is it said man has no never-dying soul?" They say, " Devils will become extinct, and cease to be." We ask, " Where does God say so?" They say, " Angels elect will all be blotted out of existence." We ask, " Where does God say so?" " Where is the eternal shame, contempt, punishment and suffer ing of the wicked, called eternal death?" Where is it said to be eternal non-existence — everlasting extinction of being? On the whole, the writer of the pamphlet shows, though not in a dear or elegant style, that the doctrines of the Destructionists may be very com forting and self -satisfactory, but that they cannot tend to improve, elevate, or benefit mankind. 