anstin BY THE AUTHOR OF "GEORGE GE1TH OF FEN COURT." > ' fiXntyd** "Anstin gri^Mi** It> III bees pnifhiiert by the Proprietors of the Afeteide Observer. CHAPTER XXXII. luke's message. All this time, far away from those naunts \- where the most eventful years of her life had been spent—far away from buying and; aeHing from all harass about money matters, | from all anxiety for the morrow,_ from all uneasiness as to what the pest might bring or the day produce, YorkeFordewas "living il If you ask what, I should find it difficult to explain; but just that nameless something which had grown over and obscured her fan reputation, as convolvulus trails Over some ' goodly plant, utterly concealing it at length amongst leaves and stalks and tendrils. Where the root struck'ground, no one could say; neither could any one say what the gwiila.1 really was .which made ladies pat their heads close together and talk \- mysteriously when Yorke's name was mentioned, and raise their eyebrows and go through those various marvellous signals ' which women exhibit to one another on occasion; while men looked wise, and wondered that at Mr. Forde's time of life he had not more sense than to make it up find take her back. Bnt no one actually knew anything. Con cerning Yorke's past—concerning that time, once beautiful, which now seemed to be so like an unreal dream, that she often started from her sleep, and asked herself, scarcely awake, whether her entire, life in London had not been a delusion—^concerning that time, I say, no one at Milden knew anything. The great City had swallowed up her sin and the memory of it, as it swallows up virtue aud the record thereof.. Along the sands of that stormy shore her footsteps had left no lasting impress. One here, one there, it might be, remembering such a woman had passed by; but the few who did remember were people far removed from 'all knowledge of her present life and associations, and had they known would . have kfept silence. For the busy world is not a very bad world after all. Given that a man or a woman have once made a faux pas, it has neither time nor inclination to publish the feat. There is great mercy, as a rule, amongst those whose own affairs occupy alarge portion Of their time ; and certainly there was no one who had guessed at Yorke's secret in London . that would not have refrained from pub lishing tfie story had them patjm crossed. : Bat their pathB did not cross, and con sequently nothing was known - at. Milden about that part of her life, the events, and ■ the tones, aridthe looks, and the sorrows of which-came back in the peacefulness and security of that .still existence to wring her heart with a bitterness she had never . experienced before—not when she: stood , beside the Thames,; and let her tears fall into the rippling water—not when she lay \- through the night thinking madly and \- revengefully of her despis€d-love—of Austin's 1 crueldesertion. \- Sometimes she felt as though tike-quiet monotony of her life at . Forde Hall would drive her mad. -She longed to be where every peaceful country tight and country sound seemed at variance with the wild restless regrets and thoughts arid wishes that had come to be a very part and parcel of her nature. Amongst the quiet country people who after a time called at Forde Hail, she felt herself a hypocrite and a cheat. The only real comfort she had in life was the con sciousness that she helped to make the noor invalid's days endurable. Never was there so devoted a man—never so,tender a wife, even those who had at first looked the most coldly upon her, were at length compelled to admit. That it was for money or the sake of money she returned, no one could, arid ; no one did say. That her- attention was hypocritical or interested, no one asserted either; and so, as has been said, indue time Yorke "livedit down." Amongst her neighbours Yorke stood at length apparently -without fear and withbut reproach; yet she would rather they had known everything than have lived, as she considered she did, an impostor, who would have been driven forth from the midst; of _ respectable people, could they only have ■ read those pages of her experience which her husband had condoned. - And yet not condoned. Though he coiild' not bear her to he absent from him for a moment; though his eyes followed her about the room with a yearning affection - pitiful to see, Yorke always felt thefe was just that something between them which might never be set right, any more than she could go back to her girlhood, and undo all the evil she had wrought. ; Lying there helpless, the man was yet a : tower of strength and a shield of defence to her against the hard sayings and the jibing thoughts of the outer world; but, in her inmost soul Yorke felt tire bitterness of' reproaches she well knew- those poor white ' lips would never utter, and the depth-ef the trouble that was sometimes revealed when the weary eyes looked out over the park, and wandered away and-away along the winding paths and the distant fields, which he might not tread again for ever. Had it all come about—as she wrote to Luke' in the early days succeeding her return—after years of happiness, -after a life filled over with sweet content, she could have borne it better ; but the whole of his existence had been marred by her whb might have made it so blessed; and the only poor atonement she could offer was to soothe and delay his passage to the grave. From the night she arrived at Forde Hall she devoted herself to t.hi« object; and the world—her then world—came to think well of her exceedingly; and if in her heart she thought the -world's scorn would have been easier to endure than its praise, it was perhaps only because she had never really endured that scorn, or felt how terrible a thing it is for a woman to endure contumely and deserved disgrace alone. But rarely now she heard from Luke. Knowing what he "knew, feeling what he felt, anything seemed easier than to write to the mistress of Forde Hall: and when her letters grow less frequent, as in course of tame they did, since she could scarcely force her friendship on a man who had plainly told her that was not the boon he wanted, it seemed almostas thoueh her bid life and the memory thereof had T>een thrust by time into its lumber-room of forgotten events. Only seemed, however; for Luke could never cease to remember her—while she could scarcely fail to remember the man who had stood by and fought her battle so bravely and so long. " Why is it, Yorke," asked Mr. Forde, on one occasion after their return from Germany, "that Mr. Ross will never come here? He was very kind to you at a time when you wanted help, and it seems like ingratitude not to *press him to visit us. Besides, I formed a high opinion of him." "Of him!" Yorke repeated. "Why, have you ever seen Luke Ross ?" " Yes, once," was the reply. " It was he ■ who gave me the explanation you refused ; ■ who made me to determine to have you back, Yorke, if you could only be induced to come. I did not i.thihk to have you thus," he added bitterly, and then softening, .amended, "but God's will be done." "And Luke Ross did that ?" Yorke said. " Yes, he and none other." "Poor Luke," she murmured; and then •with a terrible pang Mr. Forde understood. It was a fancy of the sick's man, as it is a fancy with many invalids, to know by whom the few letters Yorke received were written - and when one day he put the question,' " What is it ?" and she answered, " A few lines from Mr. Ross," he said, a little pettishly, "You are always hearing from Mi-. Ross, it seems to me." "He does not tell me much," Yorke replied; "not one. half I want to know. That, is all he says;" and she put the note in her husband's hand. But instead of reading it he laid it down, and saying, ''Come here, my dear," began, "Yorke, let as be quite frank one "with, another;now. Shall wo?"' "Yea," she answered; 'and then he took her hand and stroked her fingera one by one, and looked hp in the sweet face ere he went on. ' ."""Why will Mr. Ross not come here? I have asked yon that' question before, but youevaded it." "He says he is busy, that he cannot leave London, that onr rank is not his rank, that you ought not to be troubled with visi tors " "Ifay, Yorke, he says ; but what do you say.?" _ • " ' "I say nothing," she replied. "Will you not, then, tellmethe nature of this secret?" "It is not mine to tell." " It was the old story, I suppose?" and' his tone sounded a little harsh as he spoke. The "fingers he held fluttered for an instant; then Yorite said, "if it were, it was told with a difference." " In what way ?" he asked. -" I should rather have said, acted with a difference. There is nothing in the whole of the story save what redounds to Ins credit, and I do not know why I should refuse to tell it; that is, if you wish to hear." " I do wish^" he answered; and then, with her head a little averted, Yorke repeated the tale to him—the tale of how a mim had been found to love for the love's sake only, and to work without the hope of a reward, so that sorrow and trouble might be kept from her. " So that is Hie reason he will not come here," Mr. Forde said, "gently stroking her < hair while he spoke; and voluntarily from that hour he never mentioned Luke's name, bnt he thought much about the man whose letters Yorke always now showed her hus band on the rare occasions when she received them. And still time went by; and still Mr. Forde remained in much the same state, and a winter, bitter and biting, came for the fourth tune since Yorke's return to Fcpde Hall, hipping-up the most delicate ever greens, and clothing every branch and twig in robes alternately of ice and snow. By her dressing-room fire Yorke sat one night reading a letter which she had not shown to Mr. Forde. It was from Austin Friars, and contained ah earnest entreaty for assistance. His credit, his honour, his com mercial position, the means of support for his family, were all, he said, involved in this matter; otherwise, as he declared—And, for once, declared truly—he would not have written to Yorke. "What it costs me to write thus to you no one but myself and God canever know,.as no one but myself and Him can Over imagine what. I have suffered." ; Slowly ana thoughtfully Yorke read and reread this epistle. She knew what she had' to do ; but the past was not so "very far away from her that she could look on that remem bered handwriting utterly unmoved. How she had once longed to see it; how she had hungered for his letters; how she had hung upon each expression of affection—all these fcbmga arose and walked one by one before her. Hie ghosts instead of the realities of their former selves. Better, ah! better for "the old love to be dead and buried deep in thfeearth, with a headstone setting forth its extent and constancy, than. for it thus to walk again like an Apparition through those .chambers of the soul where it has become a 'stranger, and its presence is as unwelcome as unexpected. To her Austin had long been worse than dead; and though the memory of their past could never be forgotten, still, inthepreseut, Yorke felt that the bid love no longer existed —that it had been torn from its ro'ots and trampled into the earth; that, save in recol lection, the man who had once been so much , was nothing to her; less than the husband whom she had forgotten for his . sake, less than the Mend on whose very existence she had scarcely bestowed a thought, till Austin left her for the sake of bettering his position. Yes, this was Hie end of it—that whereas, in times gone by, nothing he could have asked would have seemed too much for her to give, she could, now write coldly— ' "You'must know I have ho money of my own, and that I cannot; ask my husband to assist you. I shall send by this post, how ever, to Mi*. 'Boss, who will, I am" quite sure, aid you if in his power." And then she enclosed Austin's letter to Luke Boss, merely-saying— ' Dear Lnke—If you can help him, do. 1 have told him I should ash yon. When you meet, pray tiy and make- him imderstand he must not come to me again. I cannot mention his name to Mr. Forde, and he ought not to expect me to do so.—Always sincerely, " Yonks." To which Mr. Luke Boss replied—■ "Dear Mrs. Forde" (he had long dropped the "Yorke" as too familiar in their changed circumstances)—" I will do what I can; but he has had all that money long ago. I am afraid fye is embarrassed beyond power of extrication. If it be possible to make him understand what you wish, I will do so; but I am doubtful on this point unless he wish to comprehend the position himself, which is not likely. You will, £ know, be glad to hear I am doingremarkably well. Business has been' extremely good, and a very fair share of it has fallen to my lot.—Yours truly/ "Luke Boss." This letter likewise Yorke kept to herself; but noticing, however, towards evening that Mr. Forde seemed ill at ease and anxious, she summoned up courage to say— "I had a note this morning from Mr. Boss, which I have not mentioned because I thought it might perhaps vex you ; but it is best tor us to have no concealments, is it not?" . " Yes," he answered, "I think so, by far. What has Mr. Boss said to vex you, Yorke?" "That is all;" and she handed him the letter. " And to what and to whom does this refer ? To that man ?"" " Yes," she acknowledged. " And lie has hadthe meanness to ask you —you for-~money4^and.tbis..BiOSS, knowing everything, gives it to him ?" " Yes, because he does know everything—. because he understands what a poor weak creature he really is." " And also because, probably, he thinks it will please you." "Partly, perhaps," she replied, "but principally because he has never regarded that thousand pounds as his own. I told him to retain it in case he—the other I mean—should ever come to want." " You told him that?" "I did not mean it, really. I wished Mr. Boss to kesp the money, which I knew his business could then ill spare; and I knew he jvould not do so unless I put it on some such ground." " You should not have done it." "I should not do so now. I should do nothing without first consulting you." " And yet you write to both these men without my knowledge." " I will never do so again. It is natural you should distrust me, and" "No, Yorke," he interrupted, "I do not distrust yon/T only distrust your judgment. You are impulsive, and consequently un wise. Had that BossJ for instance, been a different sort of man" "Don't," she interrupted, "I know all that; but then he was just Luke Boss, and my judgment was not quite at fault there." "Your feminine instinct rather," he re turned a little bitterly. " When women are not in love themselves, they can usually tell the sort of men who will serve them faith fully for love." " I trust," she said, " you do not think I have done anything wrong." "You should not have written to that man." "Perhaps not," she answered^ wearily. " I aTia.11 certainly never write to him again," and she covered her face with her hands and sobbed aloud, for memory was bitter, and the rebuke not easy to be borne. Then her husband drew her near him, whispering, "My poor Yorke; God pity you!" "Nay, why should He pity me?" she answered., "He has been too good»tome; but you—you !" "My dear," he said, "do you know the years I have lain here have been the hap piesfcof all mylater life? Yoa have made them so." " Then -what could I not have done in the years -which preceded them?" "We will not talk of that," he answered gently; and then they two—most miserable —hand clasped in hand, for a while gazed at the leaping firelight. "Yorke"—it was Mr. Forde who broke the silence first—" you will promise me—it is from no distrust I ask you to give this promise remember—that for the future you will not act in any emergency without first consulting me ? I am very jealous of your reputation; I am more than anxious about your future; I do not wish you to peril either by a single false step. There is a great dpal of life before you yet, Yorke. I, who am near the close of mine, do not forget that fact" "I cannot bear this," she murmured. "Then we will not talk about it any more," he said: "but you will promise me, Yorke?" " Yes, faithfully." And she kept her promise. From that hoar she concealed nothing from. him— nothing of her past nothing in her present. She was open as the day, and he knew it; and knew further that whatever secrecy she formerly practised was caused not so much by any love of concealment in ber character, but by the mere combination of circum stances, which had made her life so unlike the lives of most women. Yet one day he felt his faith put upon its trial. One day, when he was more ill and desponding than usual—when March was going out like a lion, accompanied in his progress by keen easterly winds, varied by an occasional blast from the north—there came to Forde Hall this telegram :— '"From Ross, London, to Mrs. Forde, Forde Hall,Milden. " Pray come to town immediately you re ceive this. I will meet yon at Euston. Endeavour to catch first train. It is of im portance." " What must 1 do ?" asked Yorke, trem bling a little, as most women do on receipt of a pressing telegraphic message. " Why, go of coarse, and at once. Mr. Ross would hot be so urgent had some strong necessity for your presence not arisen. I am certain we can trust him, although I could wish he had been more explicit, xou will be able, I to catch the express." " But you?" she ventured. " It is for no light cause Mr. Boss has telegraphed in such haste. You must go, dear; get back as soon as yon can, but write immediately yon reach town, and relieve my anxiety." Saying which he drew her face down and kissed it, and within an hour Yorke was speeding on to London as. fast as -the express could take her. 