BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual District Sleeting of the Bible Christian Church commenced its sittings in Young-street Chapel on Wednesday, February 22, at 2 p.m. On the day previous the pastors of the various Stations met to examine the accounts, so as to be able to lay any important matter requiring discussion before the meeting The Chairman (the Rev. J. Way) feelingly referred to the fact that he was about to resign his position. His mind was carried bach to the time when he was requested by the Missionary Committee in England to establish a mission in this colony. More than twenty years had passed away since, and he was thankful for the strength and grace which God had given him, and for the assistance which he had received from the brethren. His declining health compelled him to resign the office which he had filled the greater part of the past twenty years, but he hoped that the support which his brethren had accorded him would be continued to his suc cessors. He then gave place to the Rev. J. Ashton, who having been nominated by the last District Meeting, and his nomination, having been confirmed by the Englrflb Conference, took the chair. He said his first duty was to thank them for the honour they had conferred. He felt a solem nity in succeeding one who had filled the chair so long and so worthily, and asked for their forbearance and assistance. Their Church, though less than some others, was still a part of the Church, and large Churches sometimes forgot this. Size was not necessarily the symbol of superiority. They had a work to do both at home and elsewhere, and in some degree had done it. Let not partial failures discourage them. High and holy aims and efforts could not but advance the piety of the race. They should be candid in their business, but courteous also Let them respect the motives of one another, and in all things honour the Lord Christ. Thfr Rev. T. Piper was then unanimously elected District Secretary, the Rev. J. Stoyel was appointed Journalist, Rev. R. Bandt Copyist, and Rev. R. Lang to prepare an abstract of proceedings for the Press. After a few other preliminaries had been attended to, the meeting; adjourned to the following day at 9 a.m. A. public service in connection with this Dis trict Meeting was held in Young- street Chapel on Wednesday evening, when the Rev. J. Hancock preached the official sermon. His: discourse was founded on a part of Acts xix. 2, " Have ye received the Holy Ghost?" The different titles of Holy Spirit were first referred to, and His attributes were dwelt upon. Appro priate passagesof Scripture were pointed out iu which Hi« omnipotence, omniscience, and omni presence were clearly proved. It was urged that there was needed more of the Spirit, as experimental godliness was impossible apart from His presence. There would be no lack of earnest labourers in the service of God if they got more power and a richer baptism from on high. After the sermon the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to a large number of communicants. On the following morning the sittings were resumed. A resolution was passed sympathiz ing with the Rev. J. Way in his failing health, and expressing a high appreciation of his past labours. The greater part of the day was occupied in discussing the desirability of dividing the circuits which are considered too large to be satisfactorily worked. Mobe Gold.—Mr. Antwis, who has lately >een fencing on Mr. Chewing's run, N.E. of ive Burra, and. baa come down from there, states that the cook of a survey party engaged n the neighbourhood by Mr. Hiles has been occupying bis spare time in searching for goldj. ind in this he bag been very successful, having Pound fine prospects of good shotty gold, mach >f it as large as grains of wheat. _ William Dare has also, we are informed by a reliable authority, in three days washed four ounces of gold out of a creek fifteen miles from the public house at Mount Bryan. Probably these dis coveries have something to do with that which has not yet been very clearly defined, but is spoken of as "in the North." In a few days further information will doubtless come to hand. Easily Satisfied.—This is the observation made by Melbourne papers in chronicling the fact that a Portland editor and one of the can didates for Portland has disqualified himself by taking the post of census enumerator, 