FEMININE HUMOUR. [From tho Saturday Review.] Tho humour of women, it is said, resembles the snakes in Iceland In other words, it does not exist. It is, however, rash at the present moment to assert the exsitence of any distinction between tho in- tellectual ficultios of tbo seas. It tbo supposed difloronco is to tho ii Iviintiigo of womon, it is of co orso ono of tiloso compliments whu h uro but tho cover for deopl) -rooted contempt, whilst a diuYianoo which luipi.is l.ifoi.outy it,, oqmilly of coursa, a groundless issii.nplion meant to pistily tho incqiiali tíos ol inoiloin socol) Tho laslinoss of making this assertion is increased in this partícula- caso h) uno hu uioumstanco Thoro is a dilhailt) in do fining what is inoant by humour, und nilli moro in pointing out thoso who possess that hnpp) fielt) Mon as well as womon aro otinilly aimons to put in a claim for it It you toll ii mun that ho has no pootical fuoultv, no tulont for mathematics, no gonius tor 01 itor), oi for nituiulscici.ee, or lor iiietuphjaies, ho w ill vor) likol) ngroo with ) ou , ho uiuy oven admit, though that is loss tommin, lliut hu logic is not remarkable for clearness oi picusion, and lu will ver) otton consent with suipribiu^ road.ness to bo pronounced dohciont in ni.y ot tho Chustiiiu virtuos But we havo ncvor known anybody who would frankly confess that ho was without a souse ot humour Wo have bean acquainted with son.or wranglers, with profossou of politic ii economy, with mombors of Parlament possessed by u morbid appetite for usoftil inform ition, avon with contributors to comic nowsptpurs, mid wa havo novel met any uno candid onoiigh oi sufficiently acquainted with his own powois to admit what is at worst lather ii misfortune than a fault On tho othor han 1, if wo woio lo appl) to peoplo for thou opinion of their neighbours, wo shoul 1 co no tu the conclusion that tho t.cult) was inoio lil.ul) to bo n'on eustont than omnipresent No Fionohninn, wo aro souioliinos told, has a real tense of binnum , tho Gol mun at lu lo is ot the humblest kind , a Scotchman um only bo assailed b) moins of ii singled operation, and, in short, if wo except a few Englishmen, Iiisliinon, and Auieileans, the whola wotld is in u state of uttoi dull;noss Tho fact, probabl), is that tho word "hu.uoui," though wo Hatter ourselves that wo nttach a distinct menning to it, has as shifting an 1 Middi- ni to a signification as most othoi words which luipi) that our omotions havo bcou ucouritol) mull)sod lu bomo inoaniiigs of tho lorm, an)body who is oapablo of a horse-laugh muy llattui himself that ho has u sonso of humoui , in othoie, it implies a von ruru and delicato faoiilt) indued Wa may pot hups von tin o to nssumo that humour in all its sonsos im- plies a cortai.i dolight in ntrungo contrasts ot mood a pie taino in uUrnoling laughter fiom tonis, or vu j .vi vii, a moro or loss deeded loi o of thu bl/mu and occoutrio , and thorofoio, in its orontno simpes, a powoi of blending together tho most diverging linos of sentiment so as to producá harmonious or nt least »fnoiiiln «Units That whioh is sncciiillv anti puthotio to tho humorous man is the prolongad harping upon ono ailing, whether of statistics or flo.it.nio.it, und ho lon-rs to introduce somo vuriotv, ovon at tho cost of logtu or of rovorcnco It naturally follows that a very hugo pro»inca of tho Immolons is absolutely interdicted to woman Many of tho most amusing things that over I havo boon sud in this world uro, in ono diioct.on 01 another, snob as would bo tot ill) moonip it.blo with the foin..uno suiso of duheuo) If au) body would take Kabolius, or Swift, or Storno, or Voltairo, and endeavour to alipt thom for general reading on tho pimciploa npphod to Shakspeaiu h) tim notouous Bowdlci, ho would certainly find tho siiiuikitge onormoiisl) groat 'lhoBtorioa curren* in bachelor society, oven uudui tho rulinomeuts ot tho present dni., oooiisionall) xoqniro a curtain pining down, or at least a loweung of tono, boforo thoy ena horupoitod with pel loot conlldonoo in a diuwing rooni Sir Waltor boult deaoribos tho astonishiuoiit with which mi old lud) who had studied Mrs Aphra Behn in hor vouth re tin nod to hor favourito vvritor io hor old ago, uud discovered what a vant «bungo had taken place in the standard of decorum during the interval. Batter writers than Mrs. Apina Bahn have boon exiled from the modern ladies' library ; und, if we could regard the matter from a purely artistic point of view, wo might bo inclined to regret any rules tending to narrow the ranga within whioh a powerful writer is pormitted to seek for his effects. Without vontnrinir to decide the question whether our aversion to bUsphomy und indecency may not have lod us to the opposite extreme of prudish ovor-nicety, the influence of our lofty stan d ird of feminine decorum is at least unmistakable Nobody can say that malo writers ara forbiddon to season thoir performances with powerful spices bo long as Mr. Wait Whitman-to como no nearer home-is upheld by a certain school as tho poot of the future. Nor, it may bo urged, do certain fominino authors feel thomselves restrained from overstepping ordinary limits of proprioty. Still wo may confoss that the ntuiosphoro of oxtremo propriety in which ladies uro generally brought up rather cramps thoir excursions into the regions of broad humour ; whilst those who signalize thoir independence by straying into forbid- den paths aro almost always inferior in intellectual, J as well ns in moral, excellence. The want of deli- cacy which encourages somo women to be gross or profane implies a want of sensibility which makes their writings dull as well as objectionable. Admitting, however, that tho moro question- able variety of humour is practically prohi- bited to woman of any high capacity, it may still ha urgad that tho prosonco of humour should make itself felt even when it is restrained within tho limits of decency. Lamb, for example, is among the purest as well as the most admirably huuiorous of writers. There is not ii passaga in the essays of Elia which might not have boon owned by a lady if sho had possessed tho necessary capacity for writing. If tho moat extravagant and daring forms of the humorous ara forbiddon, thoro is still a wide field within which tho faculty would bo cortain to maka its presence felt. Ia it thon true that women show a marked deficiency in tho puro nnd playful variotics of humour as wall as in those which aro of too full a flavour of the feminine touch? Two or threo conspicuous cases to tho contrary mitrht of course bo bo quoted. No writer, for example, has shown a more delicate appreciation of the humor- ous sido of things than Miss Austen. It must be confessed, indeed, that Bhe doos, not penetrate very fur below the surface. Wo aro nover much disposed to weep when we aro studying her pagos, or to break out into laughter of tho noisy variety. A gontlo smile or n gentío sigh is the utmost which sho at- tempts to provoke ; and, therefore, though hor case pravos conclusively that womon aro capable of tho most .harmonious effects within a narrow range, it may still be opon to anybody to maintain that they would break down whon attempting a moro ambitious task. Georgo Eliot's writings may bo quoted as moro dcoidody in point. Mrs. Poyser, for example, is an admirably humorous character ; and, to quote no other instanco, nobody but a genuine humorist could havo invented the piiblio-houso scene in Silas Manier with the celebrated discussion as to the philosophy of ghosts. Wo might, howovor, urgo, that oven in this case the humorous faculty is ruthor subordinate as compared with the highor imaginative qnalilios. Without pronouncing any pjsitive verdict as to tho merit of " Romola," to which different tastes assign n very high or ii vory low place amongst tho writings of tho author, wo may at any rate assumo that tho attempts a', humour -us, for oxu.nple, in the description of an iutou tionally cumio incident about tho ? monkey-aro unmistakably its weakest points. Perhaps, too, most poople will fool that tho descriptions of the mints in tho " Mill on tho Floss" mar the gonoral effect of an a lmirablo novel, precisely in proportion as thoy aro of an intentionally condo ordor. Fow very groat novel- ists can ho altogether without a sonso which is neces- sary as a guard against absurdities, if not as n guide to positivo beauties, and it is certainly not absout from Ooorgo Eliot's novels. Yot thoy uro moro re- markable for that latent humour, if we may so call it, whioh renders its prosonco sensiblo rather by negative than positivo results, than for the moro palpable humour which produces substantial results. There uro many people who aro aoutoly sensitivo to a,joke, who aro quite incapable of perpetrating a downright joke on their own account; and wa must distinguish bo twoan such writers as Storno and fninb, who can, ns it wore, serve up a dish of litorary humour puro und simple, und thoso who can only use it as a sauce to other cookory. Though Goorgo Eliot's morits in tho loss conspicuous variotics of tho faculty aro marked and undeniuble, it is more opon to discussion whether shocould bo rookonad amongst thogonuinuhu.nourista; so far as ii negativo can bo provod, wo may say tliat no woman has hitherto established ii claim to suoh a reputation; und till so.no woram succeeds in tho task, it is at lo.ist open to any ono to infer that tho fominino mind is generally woak upon this side. It must, howovor, bo admitted that it. is vory rash to mike swooping assortions on so delicate a point. Tho oanso willah wo have already .noticed is siilllcia.it to uccouut for tho fominino tasto in this department being less piaotisod nnd having less opportunity of revealing itself where it exists. A monotonous and docoious life is of course unfavour- able to ii keon delight in sharp contrasts of emotion. If in tho course of timo the decision should bo ultimately givou against tho ladies, thoy may derive so.no consolation from this reflection. Tho faculty of humorous porcoptiou is moro gonorally dosirod than would bo tho casa if it woro quita compatible with tho possession of tho highest C'lristaiu virtues. Thoro is something about it which llattors tho bad as well as tho nobler sida of our characters. A humourist muy bo a thoroughly oxcullont and amiable person ; but ho is hardly likely to bo a saint. Wo cannot imagino tho loftiest spiritual natura having tho full appreciation of a joko. We have known sumo vory good mon who Uko puns and small witticisms ; hut wo havo always found thora rathor shookod oven hy tho innocent varieties of humour. Tho humorist, in fact, has just that tendency to look at the seamy side ol' things, and thut delight in bringing high emotions to tho tost of somo vulgar or grotosquo association, from whioh tho man of saintly naturo characteristically hhrinks. If ho has a spica of ill-nature in his composition, ho is apt to dojroneratu into ii down-right cynio ; and at all evonls ho prefers to occupy tho position of a spectator ruthor than an actor in any of tho great movemonts of tho world. Ho fools that, whon all is said, lhere is something rathor absurd about mon in gonoral, and that it cannot bo quito worth whilo to go into heroics nbo.it so mixed an animal. His sonso of humour, in fact, is always tripping bim up, and ¡.-¡stead of joining vigorously in a Blrugglo ho likos to lio down nnd enjoy a quiet ohucklo over tho persons who aro going through such noodlcss oxcilomnnt. Uenoo it may bo urged that womon nro too good to bo humourists Thoy aro too puro und saintliko and enthusiastic to understand masculino cynicism, nnd thoy bato to bo told that any causo to which they have given their affections has after all a tinso of ab- surdity. Thoy aro naturally hero-worshippers, and, liut for tho caso of Mr. Carlyle, wo might say that horo-wordhip was inoompatiblo with a sonso of humour. Indeed, his caso meroly provos that a humourist may worship somebody a vory long way olf in time or spaoo, and in casos where the worship is undoubtedly au offence to his neighbours. Hero worship is gonnrally found in men who aro capable of genuino enthusiasm for living flash and blood, and surely Hint is a good quality ; yot if thoy could only see the ridiculous side ofthcir idols, much of their zeal would oertuinly disappoar. ' Somi-blindncss, is a condition, if not u causa, of sumo vory lofty qualities, 