SUNDAY READING. The Future. A PEW weeks ago we prresented in tho colum Sunday Reading, some of tho results of rosea into tho remote pant, and thoughts suggestec those conclusions as to tho outüowings of d mercy in ancient days. Every ora of tho affords illustrations of the goodness and justi God, and the traces bf His handiwork whicl true historical records supply concur with tho tinct declarations of His Word, aa contained ir Bible, in assuring us that lhere Í3 a purpose 1 accomplished in tho future worthy of his inl wisdom and loving kindness. And whether we backward to the days ot old, or onward through dispensation of the fullness of timeB, there is before us in tho midst of many discoveries of v ing probability and certainty, one line of 1 stretching ovor gulfs of profound obscurity well as through regions of comparative clearnosi tho first and to tho lust events of human history the writings of those holy mon of God who spal they wore moved by the Holy Ghost, from ulosi John, we learn how in the beginning God ere tho heavens and the earth, and after other creati formod man of tho dust of the ground, and | him a living soul ; and how in tho latter days tabernacle of God Bhnll bo with men, and He dwoll with them, and they shall be His pooplo, God Himself will bo with thom, and bo their ( From tho Garden of Eden, and the innocont who there rejoiced in the goodness of God before had marred their pence-to tho holy city of redeemed, with its gates of pearl, and its foundat of precious stones, of which it is said " the nati Bhall walk in the light of it ; and the kings of earth do bring their glory and honour into i there roaches one bright lino of historic and prop tic testimony. Concerning tho past many í voices speak to us; yet of all these the testimony God, as delivered in tho Bible by thoso whom" inspired to make known His truth, is immoasura tho most instructive. And concerning tho futí wo have but this ono source of certain informati The practical philosophy that lays the foundatior its reasoning in facts, and builds up ÜB compreh sive theorios by means of careful induction, n form just conceptions of tho present tendencies moral and political forces, ns well as of tho sequen of material phenomena. But of events that n completely alter the direction arid results of th' tendencias, human philosophy is unable to give n certuin intimation. " Known unto God aro all 2 works from tho beginning of tho world." And far as He has been pleased to mako known His pi poses concerning tho future, that future may ascertained by those who consult His "Word. Thc aro two common but opposite mistakes on this sn ject ; not a few persons accept without due co liidoration the interpretations put upon prophecy thoir favourite preachers or writers, and persua themselves that particular events are sure to happ' at certain dates ; and a still larger number assui that nothing can bo known of the futuro course events. THE FOUNDATION OF HOVE.-"WO aro saved 1 hope,"-for as in temporal affairs hope is the chi Bpring of perseverance, so in spiritual dangers ai conflicts hope gives security and strength ; it therefore of vital importance [to us to have tr ideas concerning tho Divine predictions. Man h no other source of suro hope but " unfulfilleU pr phecy." Prophecies fulfilled confirm our faitl promises unfulfilled awaken and sustain our hop Wo can anticipate, with certainty, what God hi promised, and that alono. "Looking for, ar hasting into" the accomplishment of the Divii Word is the right attitude of the children of God i all ages. For nineteen centuries Abraham, th father of tho faithful, and all who walked in th stops of his fuith, looked for tho coming of th Messiah, in whom all tho families of the earth wei to be blessed. As generation after generatio passed on though as yet tho promised seed of'Abrahiu came not, clearer and clearer indications were givei concdrning his coming. David wrote many thing concerning him in the Psalms, and with his las breath spoke of his coming as "tho light of th morning, when the sun riseth, a'..morning withou clouds; as the tender grass springing out of th earth by clear shining after rain." Three hnndrci years after David, the prophet Isaiah, beholding, ii divine vision, events still seven oenturies to come wrote thus :-" Unto us a child is born, unto us i son is given ; and the government shall be upoi His shoulder; and his namo shall bo callet Wonderful, the Counsellor, tho Mighty God tho Everlasting Father, tho Prince of Peace Of the. increase of His government ant çeace there shall be no end." Andmore fully reveal iug tho design of tho Messiah's coming, and tin kind of lifo he would lead upon earth he uttered thi word from tho Lord : "Behold my servant shall dea prudontly. Ho shall be exalted and extolled, nnc oe very high ; as many were astonished at theo ; Hil visage was so marred, moro than any man, anc His form moro than the sons of men so shall he sprinkle many nations. . . flo ia des^ pised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief ; and wo hid, as it were, om faces from him ; he was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows; yet we did esteem him stricken and smitten of God, and afflicted. But lie waa woundod for our transgressions. Ho was bruised for our iniqutties ; the chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes wo are healed. All we like sheop have gone astray, wo have turned every ono to bis own way, and tho Lord hath laid on him tho iniqnity of us all." Other prophète speak with exactitude of his deeds, and of his sufferings. Not to multiply instances, Zechariah wrote thus : "Eejoico greatly, O daughtor of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jorusalom ; behold thy King cometh unto thee ; He ÍB just, and having salvation ; lowly, und riding upon an ass, und upon a colt tho foal 'of an ass." And again, " thoy shall look upon mo whom they have pierced." All these sayings wore liter ally fulfilled in tho lifo of Jesus. And as all that was written in the Holy Scriptures concerning his humiliation und sufferings was accomplished, so surely will nil that is forotold in the same scriptures, concerning His second coming and glory bo fulfilled in duo time. Ho ns tho rightoouB branch, tho king of kings, "shall roign and prosper, and shall oxecuto judgment and justice in tho earth. In His days Judah shall be saved, and Israol shall dwell safely ; and this is His nunio whoreby Ho shall be called, r Tho Lord our righteousness :" " Ho shall co down like rain upon tho mown grass, as show that water the earth. In His days shall 1 righteous flourish, and abundance of peace so lo as the moon endureth. His name shall endure ever ; His name shall bo continued as long us I sun ; and mon shall bo blessed in him ; all natic shall call Him blessed." Tho hopes of 1 glorious reign of Messiah the Prince, awaken in the minds of tho disciples of Jesus, the remembrance of what the prophets had foi told, coupled with tho assurance that the Mos: whom they followed was tho Beloved Son of Gc and tho .Saviour of tho world, wero not fulfilled they oxpccted. They thought, as they marked t powor displayed in ''is wonderful works, tho divi wisdom of His words, and the constraining force His love, that it was ho that was to redeem lara and to estublish an everlasting kingdom over all t nations of the world. But Ho was cut off by t hands of the wicked, numbered with transgressoi and laid in the grave. Thoy saw Bim ascend frc the Mount of Olives, until a cloud of glory recoiv Him out of their sight. Then came tho promi assuring them that the hope of seeing Him exalt in glory as king of all, should not fail. The ungi that appeared as Jesus vanished from their sig) said "This sumo Jesus, who is taken up from ye into Heaven, shall so come in like manner as yo ha seen flim go into Heaven."' And from that day this, the most cheering hope that ever entered t mind of man has boon the expectation of this seco] coming of Jesus, and His glorious dominion over ¡ nations and kindreds and tongues. The fulfilme of the ancient predictions that told of His birth the son of David, of Hia lifo of sorrow, of His doa upon the cross, and of His victory over death ai the powers of darkness, gives us sure ground i' believing that what was told concerning His futu appearance by tho same prophets, and by tho apostl who were witnesses at His resurrection, shall also i duo time be accomplished. All the revelations thi God has given fe man in different ages centre rour two all-important subjects " tho suffering of Chris and the glory that shall follow." The knowledge < tho love fie showed in suffering for ,us, brings peuc to our souls ; for Ho is our peace-" who suffere for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might brin us to God." Tho knowledge of His glory, as shall be manifested when Ho takes to Himself H: groat power and reigns over all nations, crowns tht peace with immortal hope. THE CUUISTIAN'S PEKSONAL EXFECTATION. Experienco teaches us, as we pass on, to modérât all our expectations of happiness to be derivei from what the present world can Eupply. Even i the life of those whose successes far outweigh thei disappointments, the joy of success generally fall shore of the anticipation. And at all events it is the common lot to be summoned to th endurance of unlooked for trials, and to con flict with unexpected difficulties. As he strug gi es against the stream of temptation and difficult j man needs some defence against gloom, some spriu¡ of onward impulse, more powerful than any conclu sion of mere reason. The philosophy of human Iii may suggest that all troubles will end, when thei appointed course is run ; and many, who had no the benefit of the hope set before us in tho Gospe have recorded their calm desire for the last restinj place, " where the wicked cease from troubling, an tho weary are at rest." But what is set before th j Christian is not merely deliverance from trouble an pain. It is a great blessing for the persecuted t bo free from the assaults of cruelty ; greater still ti be exempt from temptations arising from within une to realise this hope Sin, my worst enemy before, Shall vox mino eyes and cars no moro. But the prospect before every believer in Chris is infinitely more desirable than the negative happiness of relief from tho harassing warfurc of the present lifo. " It doth not yet appear what we shall bo ; but we know that when He shal appear, we shall be like Him, for we shall seo Hin as He is." In these lbw words of the beloved Apostle, John, we have the most completo descrip tion of tho glory and joy that await the Christian Jesus, now crowned with Jglory and honour", and exalted at tho right hand of tho Majesty on high, will come again. He who loved us, and gave Him self for us, who has redeemed us by His blood, aud renewed us by His Spirit, will come to ^receive UÍ to Himself-that where Ile is wo may bo also, Those who sleep in tho dust of tho oarth will arise at His voice ; those who aro alive and remain till His coming will be changed in a moment; and all who have sought His mercy, being justified in His name, and sanctified by Hit spirit, will ascend to be with the Lord. They will look upon His glory ; they will see His lace ; they will be transformed into His image; they will live and reign with Him for ever. That is the future in store for every ono that now, in this accepted time, cornea to Him who is mighty to save. Tho sumo Lord over all, is rich unto all that call upon Him, dolivoring them from their sins, renewing their souls, guiding them by His counsel, preparing" them for glory. j THE DESTINY OF MANKIND.-While the words of God affords no answer to curious inquiries con cerning individual cuses that have no practical bearing on our thoughts and conduct; even an Apostle who asked " Lord, and what shall this man do?" being mot by the rebuke-"What is that to I thee F Follow thou mo ;" yet there aro compre hensive predictions as to the future course of tho Church of God and tho race of mun, so unequivocal that none who read, with faith in tho Inspirer of the Scriptures, can bo in| doubt as to their general effect. There aro, for instance, tho prophetic visions given to tho King of Babylon, and to the prophot, recorded in the second and seventh chapters of the Book of Daniel. The empires represented by t >e head of gold, tho breast of silver, tho belly and sides of bruss, and tho legs of iron the Sovereignties of Babylon Porsiu, Macedonia, and Borne, havp passed away. The feet-part of iron and part of clay-represented those powers that now divide among them tho dominion of the world, and that present in a very remarkable manner, the strongth of the iron combined with tho weakness of the clay. In iho days of these Kings, the event is to bo looked for, which was symbolized by the Btone cut out of tho mountains smiting the imago on its feet, grinding it to powder, und filling tho wholo earth-in tho words of the interpretor, " The God of Heavon will set up a kingdom which shall never bo destroyed." Tho prophet saw in his vision tho everlasting lang, whoso dominion was thuB fore told ; and saya of him :-" Behold one like tho son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and carno near to the Ancient of Days ; and they brought him near before him. And there was given him dominion and glory and a kingdom, that all peoplo and nations and languages should servo Him ; li is dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and His kingdom that which shall not bo destroyed." Knowledge, righteousness, and peace shall be tho characteristics of all nations during that reign : for another prophet, Isaiah, thus describes tho scenes of lasting blessedness which shall then be witnessed on earth. " It shall como to puss, in tho lust days, that tho mountain of the Lord's house shall bo established in the top of tho mountains, and shall be exalted abovo the hills ; and all nations shall How into ii ; and many peoples shall go and say, Como, ye, and lot us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to tho houso of the God of Jacob ; and He will teach us of His ways, and we will walk in His paths ; for ont of Zion shall go forth the Law, and the Word of the Lord from Jerusalem. And Ho shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many peoples ; and they shall beat their swords into ploughshares, and their spears into pruning honks ; nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any moro." Such will be the lot of tho human race upon earth. Between us and that blessed era, wo know not how long a time, or how many wars and other-.calamities, may intervene But concerning tho result, there can be no uncer tainty " The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this." The records of strife, agony, and death, that havo reached us from Europo during the last eight months read like the last " great tribulation" of tho nations. And whether wo fix our minds on the dangers and conflicts of the particular paths that lie before us, or on tho desolations of war and vio lence, one wish, ono nraver. mav well oxoress all our desire concerning the future -" Come Lord Jeana. I 