DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tuesday, May 16, SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. At 11 o'clock the clerical and lay members of Synod assembled at St. Paul's Church, where, after morning service, the Holy Communion was celebrated by His Lordship the Bishop, assisted by the Yery Rev. Dean Russell, the Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, and the Rev. Canon Dove. After the Communion, His Lordship delivered his "Pastoral Address " as follows :— " Reverend and Lay Brethren— " The Prophet Daniel has recorded of h; in self that when the visions of the great empires of the world passed before his mind he was 'troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in his heart.' We, too, have seen during the past year the fall of one empire and the rise of another. "We have witnessed the passing away of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. Tim States of the Church have been absorbed in a United Ita'y, and Rome has once more become the capital of a free and great people. With the political consequences of these evenis we in this place, and on this occasion, have no concern; but their effect on the geneial interests of the kingdom of Christ may well occupy our atten tion. The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs affect the mind of millions of Christian subjects of the ' Roman obedience.1 Such a catastrophe after a possession of 1,114 years, touching nearly the feelings of one-half of Christendom, must also interest all who believe in the Corporate unity of the visible Church of Christ. Nor are the ways of Provi dence in this dispensation to he overlooked. As the sword of one Frankish monarch in the 8th century transferred the States of the Church from the King of the Lombards to the See of Rome, so the King of Lombardy has reannexod them on the downfall of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. "Again, on the very day on which in St. Peter's certain Bishops claimed for the See of Rome spiritual dominion in matters of faith and morals over the mind of the whole world, war broke out between Germany and France. The foreign soldier y by which the Papal Go vernment was supported were withdrawn, and Rome fell to the Kingdom of Italy by the votes of its own citizens. It will be remarked also that hot only France, but Spain and Austria, which as portions of the Latin Empire upheld for centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political feebleness; while the sturdy vigor of the Lutheran Teuton has won for Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in the Vatican ; but an open Bible and a free Church are domiciled in Ita'y ! " And are wo to be told that there is no hope for the faith or morals of Christendom because we refuse to accept as infallible the authoritative decisions of the Roman Pontiff ? Rather let us listen to the witness borne by the distinguished Father Hyacinthe to the fatal influence of that regimen. The fall of France he has traced to the ' oppressive and corrupted forms in which Christianity has been clothed' by it. This is the cause, he continues, ' why she is forced to remain without religion, and consequently without a constraining morality, between Ultramontanism and Infidelity.' The remedy, he points out, is ' the Sacred Volume open to the world to enlighten and _ fertilise it.' ' Why,' he asks, ' is it shut up in the obscurity of the dead languages, and under the seal of the most severe prohibitions? The bread of doctrine and of life, which God has prepared for the " little ones" as for the learned, how has it been with drawn from them ? It is in vain to urge as a pretext the abuses of heresy and unbelief. Place the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent exegesis, and neither will have any cause to fear the other. " Place it in its own true relation to the people by a religious education worthy of it and of them, and it will become the surest guide of the life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship.' These are noble words, and point out the gain to Italy and the world by the fall of the temporal Papacy; for what believer in God's inspired Word can doubt of the eventual triumph of religion over infidelity ; or morality over sensualism? "Nor is the prospect of reunion,among the scattered branches of the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by the removal of the Pope's secular power. The language above cited of the en lightened monk, Protestant as it is, in behalf of the free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical re form, and ' liberty of prophesying,' still is con sistent with the warm feelings and sympathies of the Catholic churchmen. He is not one who would ' rend the seamless coat' of the Redeemer, though he refuses to base the Church's unity on the assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff. Against that dogma he has entered his unalter able protest. His is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a unity of absolute subjection. "A similar view has been presented to us by a thoughtful Essayist (Dr, Irons) in a late work, entitled 'The Church and the Age.' Speaking of the Visible Church of Christ in time future, he writes ou this wise:—'The spiritual polity, begun by the Holy Ghost 18 centuries ago, increasing from age to age by means of Divine gifts, and by the change of the human character through the conscience of the individual—that "moral society" aiming to spread itsolf in all nations, and to extend a voluritary government of its own for the uniiy of its creed, and of its members, must, in order to do its work in the world " by raising the moral standard of mankind," recognise its own reality and unity as " an organic whole freed on the one hand from Sacerdotal tyranny, and on the other unfettered by Erastian Government. Distinct, indeed, from the Governments of this world, it _ will nevertheless facilitate their work, by acting in its corporate capacity on individuaPconsciences. "The powers that be" of human sociity operate on the external life of man; the Church penetrates the inner sanc tusry of the soul, and by bringing men under law to Christ makes them subject to human laios for conscience sake.' "Primitive Church.—The Primitive Church, One Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated rather Va&o.; Tevolulionised the pagan world, and taught men in the ' brotherhood of Christ' to love each other. The primitive Christians had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all. They formed one body, as there was in them one Spirit. They had one hope of their calling, and with one mind and one mouth they glorified God wherever they as sembled themselves together. The assumption of Supremacy by the See of Rome destroyed this unity. The dogma of infallibility tends not to restore, but to render it impossible. " Divested, however, of secular power, the Papacy can no longer repress enquiry, nor enforce the separation of its subjects from the other branches of the Orthodox Church. Hence forth the respective positions of the Papist aad the Catholic Churchman will be clearly defined. They will stand out as distinctly as does the Protestant now, who evolves front Scripture on his own private judgment his faith and worship, owning no allegiance to the mind or usages, the creeds or liturgies of Catholic antiquity for the interpretation of the written Word of God ; nor relying on the external witness of the primitive Church in its corporate existence to the genuine ness and inspiration of the Scriptures them selves. Papism, Churchmanship, Individualism are the several forms into which religious belief and pfactice will now crystallise. Which of these will be most influential in restoring unity to Christendom may be easily conceived. Yet different and even opposed as they are to visiblo unity, Christianity, nevertheless, in its various forms witnesses for righteousness and peace and spiritual truth. It pleads the interests of man's immortal soul against the sensualism of a posi tive philosophy. If unable to prevent war, mitigates and soothes its horrors. It has banished in England the practice of d -.oiling in private society, and it lifts up its voice against the conflict of nations. It has abolished man-3tealing and slavery. It recognises the brotherhood of mankind by sen ling its peace ful missions to the heathen and the savage. If, then, Sectarianism, with its narrow interests and petty jealousies, could be merged in the wider sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but the permanent unity of a world-wide Church, scriptural in doctrine and apostolic in order, vast indeed would be thepower of ' the kingdom not of this world.' The separation of the tem poral from the spiritual authority in Rome will have done something towards the accomplish ment of such an ideal. "Church of England and its Relations to other Bodies of Christians. —But, it may be asked, what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation of independent national Churches ? In reply, I may say that during the last century our own communion has been gradually developing this system, in the United States, in Canada, in the West Iudies, in Africa, | in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last of all in Ireland. Churches independent on the State, having the same standards of doctrine, the same Liturgy in substance and almost in form, the same principles of eccle siastical order, discipline, and law, are in full communion with each other in the bonds of the Gospel. They are all voluntary associations, self-governed and self-sustained. Of late, also, the ancient friendly relations between the orthodox Greek Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril T.ucar, Patriarch of Constantinople, seLt in 1G2S the Alexandrine manuscript of the Bible to our Charles I., such friendly inter course has been re-established by the inter change of Pastoral Letters between the present Pati iarck and tbe A rchbishop of Canterbury ; still more by tlie welcome, social and ecclesias tical, given to tbe Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenos by the Heads of the Church on his late visit to England. " Church of Ireland.—Since the beginning of the present year the Church of Ireland has entered upon this free career, and, notwith standing the baneful influence in times past of political corruption, she has shown herself capable of freedom and self-government. A more missionary spirit in dofenve, and inculca tion of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected, follow on such freedom from the j trammels of Establishment. From these ex amples, we see how possible it is for free and independent National Churches to be one in the Catholic faith and Apostolic order, as well as in full communion with each other, ministering at each other's altars, and as one brotherhood, doing the work of the ministry. It needs not the authority of a Supreme Pon'iff deeming himself infallible to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of" Erastian go vernment. " Historic Basis of the Church.—In the his toric basis of the Church of Christ, ' the faith once delivered to the saints,' ' the form of sound words,' the threefold Apostolic Ministry transmitting to future generations the genuine writings of Apostles and evangelists; in the specific trade mark*, so to speak, of Catholic doctrine — ' antiquity,' ' universality,' and 'consent' ('quod semper quod ubiqw. quod ab omnibus'1)., we have a sufficient guide in search ing the Scriptures for all that is uecessary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are the voico of God speaking to the indi vidual conscience ; and against the Church so built up on the true Hock, which is Christ, the gates of hell shall not prevail, "The Catholic Church. — One great con federacy, confessing one Lord, having one faith, one baptism, one euchar: t, one ministry, one Spirit governing and sanctifying tbe whole body of Christ, the Churches of different countries and languages may freely do their woik of ex tending the Kingdom of Christ, and aiding each other by interdependence, and sympathy under the Chief Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship is not required; uuity of faith and order, of mind and spirit, is indispensable, "Reunion of Protestants.—Here the ques tion arises, should not such union first be sought among those Protestant bodies which, orthodox in faith, have separated from the na tional Establishment on various questions; such, for example, as 'connection with the State,' 'the triple order of the ministry,'' Episcopacy itself,' ' the Sacraments and Sacrament il grace,'' Pm lo baptism,' ' Liturgical forms,' and other matters. To those who hold these institutions or ar rangements to be of purely human authority it may seem almost a duty for the sake of peace and unity to ignore or compromise their existence. But suck is not the mind or teach ing of the Church of England in her formularies and services. "The Visible Church.—The visible Church, with its appointed ministry, sacraments, form i of sound words, and inspired Scriptures, are of j divine appointment. The Apostles, acting under j plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, fulfilled j in these institutions the instructions received j from our Lord himself. ' He was seen of them j 40 days, and speaking of the things pertaining i to the Kingdom of God.'—Acts i. 3. In faith- j fulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not \ tamper with or ignore such Apostolic ordi- j nances. While we hold this faith we must! act consistently with it, and bear with patience ■ all taunts of arrogance and intolerance, ! vided we are conscious to ourselves that we are I acting not out of contention, but in faith and I dutifulness to Christ. Not in a self-seeking ! 3pirit, then, but in the interest of evangelical I truth, the clergy of the Church of England i feel themselves as a body constrained to stand j on the historic basis of the Church of the ■ Apostolic age. To abandon it would only; weaken the evidence for the Canon of Scrip- j ture, upon which religion and morals depend. j "Bitiney Corresondence.—IulSoS I discussed j this question with tlie Uev. T. Binnsy (I trust: in a friendly spirit), and pointed out certain | conditions on which alone I conceived tlie Church of England couhl give the right hand of fellow ship to orthodox Protestant ministers, and admit them to minister her services and occupy her pulpits. I see no reason to depart from the convictions then, expressed ; but, on the other hand, much remains to be done before they can be expected to desire such communion, or even take into consideration its feasibility. Leaving this contingency to the ' future,' I bad with | pleas ire the removal of any blemish in the Church of England itself which is calculated to perpetuate alienation, aad to keep able and j pious men from the ministry of our Church. ' Establishment' i3 no necessity for a Church's ) being or well-being. Ii has ceased in Ireland, in Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. "Anglican Church in Australia Free.—The Church of England in this colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical concerns by its own Synod. It i3 a voluntary Church. The lay members enjoy their proper influence in the patronage, management of funds, and affairs of their own congregations. Parochial vestries are independent of each other. Very many of the objections urged by the Puritans at the Savoy Conference, April 15, 1661, have been gradually J removed. The declaration of subscription has been altered, tbe repetitions in tbe Service, un frcquency of Communions, use of Apocrypha, the selection of Lessons, have been amended. The Authorised ver .ioa of the Scriptures is in course of revishn. These changes, together with I the decisions! of the Privy Council on several j points, as well as the recommendations of the Ritual Commission, will go a long way ill removing things which heretofore have given | offence. When nothing shall be left but what is agreeable to the Word of God or the practice of the Primitive Church, ' all will have been | done that can be done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.' " The Episcopate.—Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out iu the Canons of 1603-1, aided, as it is, by the Presbytery, both in the exercise of j discipline and the examination and ordination of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. " Happy, then, in her scriptural creed, primitive liturgy, apostolic order, and comely ritual, the Church ot England is so situated as to offer a basis of union available for many Churches now drifting from their ancient moorings. Sh9 may open wide the arms of I comprehensive sympathy while standing stead- j fastly upon tho 'old wny.3.' Far from repudiat ing all fellowship with orthodox Protestant I ministers, sho has gladly welcomed of late several of distinction to her Ordei'3. She has further invited the co-operation of others, being learned men, in the sacred work of re vising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The seeds of future reunion are thus being plentifully sown. In the interim we must be content to hold each other in sincere respect and Christian regard, each being fully per suaded in his own mind, and waiting until 1 ! the area of controversy is reduced to a vanishing point. "Privy Council.—I have alluded above to the subject of Ritual, and to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council upon various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them are too recent, and at this moment are the subject of so much angry dispute, that I forbear to enter 011 them, until time has been given for a fair considera tion of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remarks on the nature and mode of proceeding of this Tribunal may not be out of .place. The Church of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the Crown ' over all persons in all causes.' As the guardian of property held in trust for National worship established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those trusts are duly carried out. Hence ecclesi astical questions must needs come before the Supreme Court of Appeal. Under the Mosaic revelation, the Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High Priest and his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Paul was not ashamed to appeal unto Crnsar. Nor has any clergyman of our Church any ground of complaint, if 'the powers that be' examine whether he fulfils or contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily undertook at Or dination. The Judicial Committee does not presume to malcc the law or doctrine of the Church. On the ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only open to Legislative bias when that meaning i3 doubtful and obscure. In such cases the writings of leading Divines of the Church itself in times past have been appealed to, and guided the decision—generally in favor of liberty and toleration. " Case of Hebbert v. Purchas.—It is to be re gretted, perhaps, that in the late judgment in the case of Mr. Purchas, the decision has re stricted and nar owed, rather than tolerated or widened, the liberty of the minister as to the position in which he officiates. The view of tho rubric tikenby myself, in my judgment regard ing the ministrations of St. Paul's. Port Ade laide, has been entirely upheld; hut I attach little importance to such matters. I agree with Dr. Goulburn,- Dean of Norwich, that place, position, or vestment of minister cannot really affect cucharistic doctrine. Compliance, then, with the law as defined is a Christian duty. In the present instance it involves no sacrifice of truth. The Rubric before it was judicially in terpreted was manifestly doubtful and obscure, and therefore taught nothing clearly. "Objections to the Judicial Committee.— Objection is sometimes vehemently made to the remarks er reasonings introductory of the judg ment recommended to Her Majesty. It should he remembered that such remarks or ex pressions form no part of it. They may be offensive, but bind no one to accept them. They form no portion of the law of the Church. "There is, however, a doctrinal view of tha Eucharist underlying these minute points of Ritualism which even the Archdeacon of Taunton himself has condemned as ' being an undue approximation to Rome.' It is the local aud material presence of the glori fied Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiation and Consubstantiation are both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of our Church. Yet spiritually to 'feed on Him by faith with thanks giving' aud that by means of the conse crated bread and wine, which are ' effcctuous' to the faithful recipient, so that ' he dwells in Christ and Christ in him;' 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him;' this is plainly taught in the Communion Office. Here is a presence spiritual and heavenly, not local and material, but of omnipresent Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither the place where the officia ting master stands or kneels, nor the position in which he celebrates, nor the vestment he weirs. "General Results.—It may be well, then, here to summarise the judicial results of that Ritual agitation which has gone on during the last few years, and the changes, both in the external ar.d internal condition of tho Church of j England which have taken place. Many of ns are scarcely aware of the alterations, and few of other bodies of Christians care to be apprised of them. The Colonial brandies, then, of that Church are formally declared to be w/iesta Wished. The Irish Church has been disesta W "shed. Tithes have been long since commuted for a money payment. t'hurch rates have ceased as regards Nonconformists. With regard to the Liturgy, its various services may be used separately. Objections to length of them and repetition in them are thus obviated. A new and improved table of Lessons has been pre pared. A revision of the Authorised Version j is set on foot; Eucharistic Ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. The damnatory clauses of the so-called Creed of Athanasins have been advisedly restricted to denial of the Catholic or Chris tian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hvm nology introduced, parents are admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, in sufficient endowments augmen ed, stipends of curates supplemented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of candidates for holy orders required, parochial schools multip'ied, anu the pupils instructed in defi nite rclijions truth, as well as secular learning. " tio many reforms gradually and almost silently brought about are not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. The scruples of many good men have thus been re lieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect in the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine, will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to the removal of whatever can be proved to bo contrary to Scripture or primitive usage. What elsemeed ] be taken away ? " For the sake of the truth of tho Gospel, for the possibility of ultimate intercommunion of the Churches now separated from each other, our Church, nevertheless, must not abandon licr historic foundation as a scion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. To restore it to that primitive character was the object of our Reformers ; and now she is a beacon light to many minds in Spain and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to be members of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. A Church, then, like our own, resting its claim to authority in j matters of faith, on Scripture, interpreted, not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of universal anti quity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy , such a want. I " It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Church both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment tho absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But let it be remembered that the strongest ex ternal evidence for the genuineness of the Scriptures is weakened in proportion as tho cor porate existence of the Primitive and Apostolic Church is made light of. "Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable as are its incohesivo particles, becomes a solid foundation when bouud together by enclosing walls." The business session will commence at the Church Office at 3 o'clock this afternoon. A young doctor in a new settlement, on being asked to contribute towards enclosing and orna mentiug the village cemetery, very cooly re plied, that if he filled it he thought he should do his part. Rogues Falling Out.—Mamma—" What is baby crying for, Mngrie?" Maggie—"I don't know." Mamma—" Arid what are you looking so indignant about?" Maggie—"That nasty greedy dog's been and took and eaten my 'punge-tako ! " Mamma—" Why, I saw you eating a sponge-cake a minute ago ! " Maggie— " O, that was baby's !" " A Night op it."—(To husband, who comes home "elevated" at 2 a.m.) —1"Dinner at the j Albion ! the theatre ! and supper and a rubber at the Club ! Well, Henry, I wonder you did not j go to all the places of amusement in Loudon, and (sobbing) not come home all night!" Henry j —" My dear, all th' other plashes shu' rup !!" 