THE TXTSTEBY OF \ EDWX2ST DROOD, [Bt Chaei.es Dickers.] ' u It is the custom of JIis» Twinkleton, v 'en those -visit»occur, £o appear eveiy three minutes, either in her -own person or in that of Mn, Tisher, and lay an offering -on the shrine of Propriety by atfeotingto look .fir some desiderated article. On the present .occasion, Hiss Twinkletou, gracefully gliding iu aud out, says in racing : ' Bow do you do, Mr. Drood ? Very gUd indeed to have tbe pleasure. Piay excuse inc. Tsnexeis. Thank voul' * 'I got the gloves last evening, Eddy, and I like ?Hkem very much. They are beauties.' 'Well, that's something,' the affianced replies, half grumbling. 'The smallest encouragement tuank \- fully received. And how did you pass your birthday, Fussy?' ' Delightfully ! Everybody gave me a present. And we had a feast And we hid a ball at night,' 'A feast and a ball, eh? These occasions «eeiu to jo off tolerably well without me, Fusty,' 'Delightfully -' cries Kosa,, in a, quite spontaneous ?maraer, and without the least pretence of reserve. ' Hah 1 And what was the feast !' ?' Tarts, oranges, jellies, aud shrimps.' ' Any partners at the ball?' ' We danced with one another, of course, sir. But some of the gills made, game to be their brothers. It Tfi»so -iralL' **Did anybody make game to be ? ' 'To be you? Oh dear yesj' cries Boss, laughing with great enjoyment *' That was the first thing ** I hope she did it pretty well,' says Edwin, rather doBbtfulir. 'Oh! ft was excellent ! I wouldn't dance with , yon. you know.' Edwin scarcely seems to see the fores of this ; — btgB io know if be may take the li'oerty to ask why! ' Because I was so tired of yon,' returned .Kosa. But she quickly adds, and pleadingly too, seeing dis pleasure in his fnce : ' Dear Eddy, you were just as tired of me, you know.' 'Did I say so, Kosa?' 'Say so! Do you ever say so? No, you only showed it Oh, she did it so well !' cries Rosa, in a sudden ecstacy with her counterfeit betrothed. 'It strikes me that she must be a devilish impudent gill,' says Edwin Drood. ' And so, Pussy, you have passed your last birth-day in this old house.' ' Ah, yes !' Rosa clasps her hands, looks down with ? sigh, and shakes her head. ** You seem to be sorry, Boss.' ' I am sorry for the poor old friace. Somehow, I feel as if it would miss me, when I am gone so far ' away, «o young.' ' Perhaps we had better stop short, Eosa!' She looks up at him with a swift bright look ; neit moment shakes 'her head, sighs, and looks do«g again. ' That is to cay, is it Fussy, that we are both resigned?' Sne nods her head again, and after a short silence quaintly butsts out with: 'You know we must be married, and married from here, Eldy, or the poor girls will be so dreadfully disappointed.' For the moment there is more of compassion, both for her and for himseU, in her affianced husband's fare, than there is love. He checks the look, and uks : ' Shall I take you out for a walk, Bosa dear?' Rosa dear does not seem at all clear on thiB point, until her face, which has been comically reflective, brightens, ' Oh, yes, Eddy ; let Us go for a walk ! And I tell you what we'll do. You shall pretend that you are engaged to somebody else, and I'll pretend 'that I am not engaged to anybody, and then we shan't quarrel.' ' Do you think that will prevent our falling out, Bosa?' ' I know it wilL Hush ! Pretend to look out of window— Mrs. Tieher ?' Through a fortuitous concourse of accidents, the matronly Tisher heaves in sight, says, in rustling through the room like the legendary ghost of a Dowager in silken skirts : 'I hope I see 'Mr. Drood well; : though I needn't ask, if I may judge from his coiu plexien? I trust I disturb no one ; but there was a paper-knife — Oh, thank you, I am sure !' and dis appears with her prize. 'One other thing you must do. Eddy, to oblige me,' says Rosebud. 'The moment we get into the street, you must put me outside, and keep close to the house yourself— squeeze and graze yourself against a it' ' By all means, Rosa, if you wish it. Might I ask why?' ' Oh ! because I don't want the girls to see you.' ' It's a fine day ; but would you like me to carry an umbrella up?' *' Don't be foolish, sir. You haven't got polished leather boots on,' pouting, with one Bhoulder raised. ' Perhaps that might escape the notice of the girls, even if they did see me.' remarks Edwin, looking down at his boots with a sudden distaste for them, ' Nothing escapes their notice, isir. Aud then I know what would happen. Some of them would begin reflecting on me by saying (fo*r they are free) that they never will on any account engage themselves to lovers without polished leather boots. Hark ! Miss Twinkle ton. I'll ask for leave.' That discreet lady being indeed heard without inquiring of nobody in a blandly conversational tone as she advances : '* Eli ? Indeed ! Are you quite sure you saw my inocher-of-pe*rl button-holder on the work table in my room?' is at once solicited for walking leave, and graciously accords it. And soon the young couple go out of the Nuns' House, taking all precau tions against the discovery of the so vitally defective boots of Mr. Edwin Drood : precautions, let us hope, effective for the peace of Sirs. Edwin Drood that is to be. ' Which way shall we take, Bosa?' ' Boaa replies : — ' I want to go to the Lumps-of-Delight shop.' 'To the ? ?' ' A Turkish sweetmeat, sir. My gracious me, don't you understand anything? Gall yourself an Engineer, and not know that?' ' Why, how should I know it Bosa ?' ' Because I am very fond of them. But oh ! I forgot what we are to pretend. No, you needn't know any thing about them— never mind.' So he is gloomily borne off to the Lunvps-of -Delbht ?hop, where Bobs, makes her purchase, and, after offering some to him (which he rather indignantly ? declines), begins to partake of it with great zest ; previously taking off and rolling up a pair of little pink gloves, like rose-leaves, and occasionally putting her little pink fingers to her rosy lips, to cleanse them from the Dust of Delight that comes off the Lumps. ?; ' Mow, be a good-tempered Eddy, and pretend. And so you are engaged ?' 'And sol am engaged.' 'Is she nice?' '10 harming,' 'Tall?' ' Immensely tall ]' Bosa being short . 'Must be gawky, I should think,' is Bosa's quiet commentary. 'I beg your pardon ; not at all,' eontradiction rising in him. ' What is termed a fine woman ; a ..splendid woman.' ' Big nose, no doubt,' is the quiet commentary agaiB. ' Not a little one, certainly,' u the quiet reply. , (Bosa's being a little one.) H '' ' Long pale nose, with a red knob in the middle. I know the sort of nose,' says Kosa, -with a satisfied ?nod, and tranquilly enjoying the Lumps. ' You don't know the sort of nose, Kosa,' with same warmth ; ' because it's nothing of the kind.' 'Not a pale nose, Eddy?' ' No.'' Determined not to assent. 'Awsdnose? Oh! I don't like red noses. How ?tver ; to be sore, she can always nowder it' *' She would soorn to powder it,*' savs Edwin, becom ing heated. *« Would she ? What a stupid thing she must be ! Ii she stupid in everything V ' No, In nothing.' After a pause, in which the whimsically wioked face ihas not been unobservant of him, Kosa says : ' And this most sensible of creatures likes the idea -«f being carried off to Egypt— does she, Eddy !' ? ' Yes. She takes a sensible interest in triumphs of engineering Bkill ; especially when they are to change ?the whole condition of an undeveloped country.' ?'I«or !' says Bosa, shrugging her shoulders, with a little langh of wonder. 'Do^you object ?' Edwin inquires with a majestic tarn of his eyes downward upon the fairy figure : ? ' Do you object. Boss, to her feeling that interest ?' 'Objeot? My dear Eddy 1 But .really. Doesn't ahe hate boilers and things ?' 'I can answer for her not being so idiotio as to hate Boilers,' he returns with angry emphasis ; ' though I cannot answer for her views about Things ; really not ?nderrtanding what Things are meant.' _ „ fit don't she hate Arabs, ' 'and Turks, and Fellahs, ud people ?' ? *' Certainly not.' Veryfirmly. ' « le**4. «he must hate the Pyramids ! Come, Sddy. ' Wly should she be such a little— tslL I mean— Goose, as to hate the Pyramids, BosaT' 'Ah ! you should hear Miss Twinkleton,' often nodding _ her head, and much enjoying the Lumps, ' bore about them, and then you wouldn't ask. Tire some old burying-grounds 1 Isises, and Ibises, and Ohe.vp*es, and Fharaohses ; who cares about them? And then there was Belzoni, or somebody dragged ? out by the legs, half choked with hats and dust. All the girls say serve him right, and hope ithurt him and wish te hid beon quite choked.' The two youthful figures, Bide by side, but not now arm-in-arm, gamier discontentedly ahout tbe old Close; andeac'K sometimes stops aud slowly imprints a deeper footstc/J in the fxllen leaves. ' Well 1' say.' Edwin, after a leDgthv silence. 'Aooording o custom. We can't get on, Bosa.' Bosa tosses her head, and says she don't want to get on. ' 'That's a pretty sentiment, Bosa, considering. ' ' Considering what?' ' ' ; ' If 1 say whaVyou'U go wrong again.' ? 'You'll £0 [wrong, you mean, Eddy. Don't bo ungenerous.' . ?. ? i 'Ungenerous! I like that.' ' ? - ? ' Then I don't like that, and so I tell you plainly,' . Bosa pouts. . ? . } '. ' 'Now, Rosa, I put it to yon. Who disparaged my .profession, my destination ? ' ' . 'You are not going to bs buried in the Pyramids, I hope ?' she interrupts, arching her delicate eyebrows. 'You never said . you were. Ji you are, why haven't you mentioned it to me ? I can't find out your plans by instinct' ' Now Rosa, you know very well what I mean, my dear.' ' Well then, why did you begin with your detest able red-nosed Giantesses ? And she would, she would, she would, she would powder it !' cries Bosa, in a little burst of comical contradictory spleen. ' Somehow or other, I never can come right in these diKcnssivns,' sajo Edwin, sighing, and becoming resigned. . ' How is it possible, sir, that you ever can come right when you're always wrong. And as to Belzoni. I suppose he's dead— I'm sure I hope he is— and how can his legs, or his chokes concern you ?' ' It is nearly time for your return, Rosa. We have not had a very happy walk, have we ?' 'A happy walk? Adetestably unhappy walk, sir. If I go upstairs the moment I get in, and cry till 1 1 can't take my .dancing-lessons, you are responsible, ] mind T lies no oo ineuun, xvuwi. ' Ah !' cries Rosa, shaking her head, and bursting I into real tears — ' I wish we could be friends. It's Lecause we can't be friends, that we try one another so. I am a young little thins, Eddy, to have an old heartache ; but I really, really, have, sometimes. Don't be angry. I know you hive one yourself, too often. We should, both of us have done better, if What is to be had been left, What might have been. I am quite a serious little thing now, and not teasing you. Let each of us for bear, this one time, on our own account, and on the other's !' Disarmed by this glimpse pf a woman's nature in the spoilt child, though for an instant disposed to resent it as seeming to involve tbe enforced infliction of himself upon her, Edwin. Drood stands watching her as she childishly cries and sobs, with both hands to the hand kerchief at her eyes, and then— she becoming more composed, and indeed beginning in her young incon stancy to laugh at herself for having been so moved— leads her to a seat hard by, under the elm trees. 'One clear word of understanding, Pussy dear. I am not clever out of my own line — now I come to think of it I don't know that I am particularly clever in it hut I want to do right. There is not— there may be— I really don't see my way to what I want to say, but I must say it before we part— there is not any other 'Oh no, Eddy! It's generous of you to ask me ; butno, no, no.' They have come very near to the Cathedral windows, and at this moment the organ and tbe choir sound out sublimely. As they sit listening to the solemn swell, the confidence of last night rises in youpg E.I win Dmod's mind, and he thinks how unlike this music is, to that discordance. ' I fancy I can distinguish Jack's voic»,' is his remark, in a low tone in connexion with the train of thought. ? ' Take me back at once, please,' urges his Affianced, quickly laying her light band upon his wrist. 'They will all be coming out directly; let us get away. Oh, what a resounding chord ! But dsn't let us stop to listen to it— 1st us getaway !' I Her hurry is over, as soon as they have passed out nf thfi (Ilnse. Thev en. arm-in-ftrni now. eravelv and deliberately enough, along the old Iligh-street, to the Nuns' House. At the gate, the street being within sight empty, Edwin bends down his face to Rosebud's. She remonstrates, laughing, and is a childish school girl again. ' Eddy, no ! I'm too stickey to be kissed. But give me your hand, and I'll blow a kiss into that' He does so. She breathes a light breath into it, and asks, retaining it and looking into it : ' Now say, what do you see ?' 'See, Rosa?' ' Why, I thought you Egyptian boys could look into a hand and see all sorts of phantoms '! Can't you see a happy Future ?' For certain, neither of them sees a happy Present, ! as the gate opens aud closes, aud one goes iu aud the other goes away. Chapter IV.— Mr. Sapsea. | Accepting the Jackass as the type of self- sufficient stupidity and conceit— a custom, perhaps, like some few otlif r customs, more conventional than fair — then ! the purest Jackass in Cloistcrhain is Mr. Thomas Sap sea, Auctioneer. Mr. Sapsea ' dresses at' the Denn ; has been bowed ? to for the Dean, in mistak* ; has even been spoken to j in thestreet as Mr. Lord, under the impression that he ' was the Bishop come down unexpectedly, without his | chaplain. Mr. Sapsea is very proud of this, and of his voice, and of his style He has even (in Belling landed property), tried the experiment of slightly intoning in m pulpit, to make himself mure like whathe takes to - be the genuine ecclesiastical article. So, in ending a ' Sale, by Public Auction, Mr. Sapsea finishes off with an air of bestowing a btneilictiun on the assembled brokers, which leaves tbe real Dean — a modest and ? worthy gentleman — far behind. Mr. Sapsea has many admirers ; indeed, the propo sition is carried by a large local majority, even includ ing non- believers in his wisdom, that he is a credit to Cloisterbam. He possesses the great qualities of being portentous and dull, and of having a roll in his speech, and another roll in his gait ; not to mention a certain gravely flowing action with his hands, as if he were presently going to Confirm the individual with whom be holds discourse. Much nearer sixty years of age than fifty, with a flowing outline of stomach, and horizontal creases in his waistcoat; reputed to be rich; voting at elections, in the strictly respectable interest ; morally satisfied that nothing but he himself has grown since he was a baby ; how can dunder headed Mr. Sapsea be otherwise than a credit to Cloisterhem, and society ? Mr. Sapsea's premises aro in the High- street, over against the Nuns' House. They are of about the period of the Nuns House, irregularly modernized here and there, as steadily deteriorating generations found, more and more, that they preferred air and light to Fever and the Plague. Over the doorway, is a wooden effigy, about halt Ufe-aize, representing Mr. Sapsea's father, in a curly wig and toga, in the aot of selling. The chastity of the idea, and the natural appearance of the little finger, hammer, and pulpit, have been much admired. Mi. Sapsea sits in his dull ground-floor eitting-room, j looking first on bis paved back yard, and then on his railed-off garden. Mr. Sapsea has a bottle of port wire on a table before the fire— the fire is an early luxury, but pleasant on the.cooi, chilly autumn evening — and is characteristically attended by his portrait his eight day dock, and his weather-glass. Characteristically, because he would uphold himself against mankind, his weather-glass against weather, and his clock against time. By Mr. Sapsea's side on the table are a writing-desk and writing materials. Glancing at a scrap of manu script, Mr. Sapsea reads it to himself with a lofty air, and then, slowly pacing the room with his thumbs in the arm-holes of his waistcoat, repeats it from memory: so internally, though with much dignity, that the word 'Ethelinda' is alone audible. There are three clean wineglasses in a tray on the table. His serving-maid entering, and announcing ' Mr. Jasper is come, sir,' Mr. Sapsea waves ' Admit him' and draws two/wineglasses from the rank, as being churned. ' Glad to see you, sir. I congratulate myself on having the honour of receiving you here for the first time.'_ Mr. Sapsea does the honours of his house in this wise. ' You are very good. The honour is mine, and the self-congratulation is mine.' ' You are pleased to say bo, sir. But I do assure you that it is a satisfaction to me to receive you in my humble home. And that is what I would not say to everybody.' Ineffable loftiness on Mr. Sapsea's part accompanies these words, as leaving the sentence to be understood : '* You will not easily believe that your society can be a satisfaction to a man like mystlf ; nevertheless, it is.' ' I have for some time desired to know you, Mr. S&psea; ' 'And I, bit, have long known you by reputation as a man of taste. Let me nil your glass. I will give you, sir,' says Mr. Sapsea, filling his own — When the French come over, May we meet them at Dover I' ? This was a patriotic toast in Mr. Sapsea's infancy, and he is thefore fully convinced of its being appropriate to any subsequent era. ' You can scarcely be ignorant, Mr. Sapsea,' observes Jasper, watching the auctioneer with a smile as the latter stretches out his legs before the fire, ' that you know the world.' ' Well, sir,' is the chuckling reply. ' I think I know something of it— something of it' ' Your reputation for that kBowledge has always interested and surprised me, and made me wish to know you. For, Oloisterhain is a little place. Cooped up in it myself, I know nothing beyond if and feel it to be a -very little place.' I 'If I have not gone to foreign countries, young ! nun,' Mr., Sapsea begins, and theastopB :— ' You will excuse my calling you young man, Mr. Jasper? You ; are much ray junior.' I ' By all means.' 'If I have not gene to foreign countries, young man, foieign countries have come to me. They have come to me in tbe way of business, and 1 have improved upon my opportunities. Put it that I take an inventory, or make a. catalogue. I see a French clock. I never saw him before, in my life, but I instantly lay my finger on nun and say 'Paris !' ' I aee some' cups and Baucere of Chinese make, equally strangers to mupprsonally. Iputiny 'fingcron them, then and there, andlsiiy, *P*-kin, Nankin, and Cantoii.' It Uthe same with Japan, with Egnyt, su(l with bamboo and sandal woodfreni 'thoEist Indies ; I put my finger on them all. X have put my finger on the North Pole before now, and said: 'Spear of Esquimaux make, for half a pint of pale sherry !' - . ; r. Really? A very remarkable way, Mr. Sapsea, of acquiring a knowledge of men and things.' - 'I ruentionit.sir,' MrrSapsea rejoins, with unspeak able complacency, ' because, as I say, it don't do to bonst of what you are ; but show how you came to be it, aud then you prove it' 'Most interesting. We were to speak of the late Mr. Sapsea.' . - ' We were, sir.' . Mr. Sapsea fills both glasses, and takes ihe decanter into safekeeping again. 'Before I consult your opinion as a man of taste eu this little ?trifle' — holding it up — ' which is but a trifle, and still has required some thought, sir, some little fever of, the brow, I ought, perhaps, to describe the character of the late Mr. Sapsea, now dead three quarters of a year.' vffO BE CONOTTOEb.l 