ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Last Friday and Saturday nights it was announced at the Theatre Royal that Mr. Coppin was suffering from an attack of the gout, and could not therefore play Squeers. Consequently Mr. Rogers played Squeers, and played it very well, but not so well as Mr. Coppin. People who read the newspapers said that Mr. Coppin's gout was the result of the hot water into which his speech on his benefit night had got him. Somebody else has suggested that his conscience pricked him for not having remembered that he took a benefit at the Haymarket on April 13,186r, only just four, and not ten years ago, and that he was so shocked at himself for having stated that it was 10 years since he had had a benefit, that the gout came on at once. It is indeed just a little odd that Mr. Coppin should not have remembered this matter of the Haymarket benefit, more especially as he made a speech on that occasion, and complained of the lack of sup port from the public, just as he complained on the occasion of his benefit the other night. But perhaps four years is too long a time for any average manager's memory to go back. On Saturday night Mr. Howe played Shylock in the " Merchant of Venice." It may be de scribed as a good bustling Shylock, somewhat inclined to vehemence, here and there discerning, and not by any means ranting ; for your vehemence is quite a different thing from rant. His revenge-speech was exceed ingly good, and his last exit not unmarked by dignity. Miss Juno played Portia; that is to say, she looked Portia charmingly, but she will require more careful Btudy and practice before she can play it as it should be played. Mr. Ireland always mates a good Bassanio, but Mr. Stewart'does himself an injustice in electing to take Gratiano, rather than Launcelot Gobbo. To be sure it would have -left Mr. Greville out of the cast if Mr. Stewart had played Launcelot. In any case, however, Mr. Stewart will not consult his brat interests to attempt Gratiano again. The mounting on this occasion was the sorriest that Sbakspeare has been treated to for some .time, and that is sayingl a good deal. On Monday a new play was played, that is, a new play to ns in Melbourne. Some time since, Mr. Harrison Ainsworth, once a most popular story-teller, though not much of a writer where good writers come, wrote a story in a cheap periodical, with the title of " The Star Chamber." it con sisted of a series of sensational situations, with much tall language, and abundant upholstery. Somebody dramatised "it, and now Mr. Howe has produced it in Melbourne. He would be a retj clever fel low indeed who could extract from the play a consistent story. The characters include good and bad people, as is the rule in such dramas. Some of the characters axe distinguished by having grievances, and others by having committed many crimes. The principally aggrieved person is a gentle man [who, 16 yean previously, has been badly 'used by the Star Chamber. It is iip pesrihjle for the audieqpe not to know that he has been badly used, and equally impossible for them not to know that 16 years have elapeed einoe the ill-usage was committed, innsmuchas he is Continually reminding -somebody or other, both of the grievance and of the{ numberof years. He passes in the world;asa desperate villain, and he wears a black' mask to' hide his vHlanoua-looklng faoe, whicbat the 16years ago period has been branded by the Star Chamber. And yet heis rid villain, but only does bis master's dirty work in ordjBr that he may be tevenged upon his who is1 the author of all Ms and his family's misfortunes. His master,-Sir Giles ijiompesson.isa villain iu reality,but like fillains, begets taken in by the honest [He has a wife wbom he garottes, and imes to lifeagaip.but whose throat-he cuts, though, lite a foolish womanas she is,[she Has just before released him from the mllory. . Retribution, however, is at Jband-ias a matte? of fact, it always is at hand in sensation melodramas—for the injured hero of the story confront* him out of atomb, whither be has gone to take away some hidden treasure. There is a fight with daggers in the "Coreican Brothers" manner, and the villain, to the great delight oi the audience, is slain, and his body cast Into the Thames. This exhilarating exercise is conducted in an archway, with a tall grating in front, through which there is a moonlight view of London with old St. Paul's in the distance. The scene is effective, but its meaning is somewhat obscure. Nevertheless, as the tomb makes an excellent pedestal for a figure, Mr. Howe pro ducesa striking effect when he stands upon the top of it and declaims in the King Cambyses vein. There are several murders and attempts at murder in this piece, and altogether it is one of those stimulating dramas which pre vent you falling asleep, if only for the shouting there is in it If, however, you are exacting, and want to know the plot, and insist upon dramatic connexion, and in other ways make yourself disagreeable, it may perhaps dis appoint you. There is some funny business introduced in unexpected places, to vary the villany and declamation. It might indeed be considered that some of the serious scenes are spoiled by the intrusion of the comic element. And if the play were a poetic play, perhaps this impertinence of the low comedy character might be objected to, but as it is not a poetic play, it is no great matter that it is interspersed with low comedy. Mr. Howe played with all his might, _ and quite succeeded in convincing the audience that the character he represented was a most ill-used person, and bo got much sympathy and several bouquets. Mr. Warde played the villain, but did not half go in for villany. He seemed to be acting the villain all through. But, indeed, everybody else seemed to be acting, and Mr. Howe was the only one in the piece who looked really in earnest. j There was no new scenery, save the j Thames view. But in all the other scenes the patched green baize carpet played a con spicuous part, as if the management had in tended that the audience might, if they chose, give the play an alias and call it "The Star Chamber," or "The Board of Green Cloth." The Minstrels at the Haymarket grow 'n favour. Mr. Weston leaves nothing un done that can possibly be done in order to present to his audience a varied programme. This week the broad extravagance known as "The Ghost in a Pawnshop," in which Mr. Hussey used to be so irresistible, has been produced, and Mr. Cowan is entitled to the high compliment that bis terror is nearly as grotesque as Mr. Hussey's was. "Putmeinmy Little Bed," with scenic illustrations, sung by Mr. Hallam, has turned out a success. The music is plaintive, and it therefore suits the voice and style of Mr. Hallam, who sings best when he has to sing something which does not require much demonstrativeness, either of tone or action. It will be a source of gratification to the admirers of Ethio piseism generally, to know that Mr. WeSton has engaged Mr. Hoss&y;, who is announced shortly to appear. _ _ . It should be a proof of the intrinsic excellence of the Heller performances that they have lasted so long, drawn so well, and pleased so universally. The conjuring part is the perfection of elegant neatness, the musical portion realises the combination of rare skill with poetical expression, the VII IMP oaui WIWH -—r~'— » second-sight defies complete explanation, and the division described as "necromantic," even if explained, would be impossible to imitate. The absolute ease with which Miss Heller does what, despite all therevelationsof the mystery, is a mystery still and which nobody jslse could do half so well, even if they understood j perfectly the theory, is something that excites a combined feeling of admiration and j perplexity. The ingenious application of , well-known principles of science merits more ] than common commendation, and the whole ! blending of science, mechanism, manipula- I tive skill, music and memory, forms together a performance that does very much more than amuse, but sets one thinking a good deal harder than commonplace amusements that axe pastimes and nothing else do. They do not entirely vegetate in that middle ground which may be regarded as between country and suburbs. Malvern, for example, is some six miles from Melbourne, and not quite easy of access. That is to say, the nil way does not go within three miles of Mal vern, and • the carmen who go thither from the railway-station, take you there under protest, as if you were - not behav ing ' well to them to ask them to go there (it alL But they are pleasant, genial people at Malvern, and, at intervals, i they get up entertainments, partly musical and partly elocutionary. There was one of these entertainments there the other night. The bouse was crowded, and the conclusion arrived at for those who were present was, that if they had not been there they might well enough have regretted it. If you desire to know where the "house" eras, you are in formed that it was the school-house, a struc ture distingntehed rather for a severe sim plicity of style than for architectural elabo , ration. - But on this occasion the severity was mitigated by festoons of flowers, and the > whole arrangements were so delightfully un suggestive Of the gaudy glare of city enter tainments, that one could not but begratified. Moreover, there was good music, for you find' often in these semi-rural districts a great deal I of amateur talent, *nd the amateur talent Is [ sometimes ever so much better than acme overrated professional talent. For example, on this Occasionthe lady who, In the language of soipe diurnal ohronicles, ''presided at the^ ™jo;" played a great deal better than some piaJQo<|pTe8idente whose names fctefamlliarln triusicMmouihs. So also there was a younglady vocalik with a voice of singular sweetness; j and as amhteur basso and a tenor otexofeed I ing pleasantnees. 'There was a" comtqtte,'' ©fooutee,and of course Ids model War Mr' Barry; 0'Nell. AU amateur ©omlqamiw replicas of Mn BafiyO'Neil now. Also there were tome-Ethiopians, (rnd there was Mr/ Joe. Pickersgill, who is always' amusing. Hnaly/there were some readings. TMtead ingswere mostly Shakspearian, and perhara the safest thing to say of the Shakspearian' readers is that they meant well. But of the readings not Shakspearian, most deserving of mention is the gentleman who read the often selected " Visit of Paul Dougherty to Squire Beamish." He commnnicated to it the real Hibernian flavour, and, as should be the rule with all flavouring, he did not make the flavour too strong. Altogether, you might go to a good many entertainments and be less pleased than at Malvern. Mr. Cotterell and Mr. R. Smythe are back again in Melbourne, after a long tour in South Australia, and the western districts of " Victoria, where Mr. Cotterell has made him self as much a favourite as he was in Mel bourne. Mr. Cotterell now terms his enter tainment' "Quiz, or Faces and Fancies," and it has been somewhat rearranged, so as to present itself more as a connected per formance. It is not unlikely that he will' shortly reappear in Melbourne. The farewell concert to Mr. Horsley at the Town-hall will take place to-night The selections have been made with a view to the preferences of the pnhlic in the main, and these of themselves, apart from the in terest attaching to the occasion, Bhould attract a full attendance. For variety, certainly, no > concert has ever had the advantage of this I one, and the number and popularity of the i executantsaxennquestionable. ltdoes, indeed, seem extraordinary that a gentleman of Mr. Horsley's rare merit as a composer and mnsician should not find it to his interest to stay in the colony. The fact that he is going from the colony may be taken as conclusive that it is not to his interest to stay, and as nobody pretends to question the eminence he has reached in his profession, there is nothings for it bnt to conclude also that the highest mvBical skill in this part of the worid is not a profitable commodity. Perhaps, if Mr. Horsley could wait 60 or 70 years, he might find his talents marketable. Ashe cannot con veniently wait so long, he necessarily takes his talents elsewhere, and there can be little doubt tbat be will find them in demand both in America and England. V 