THE CULTIVATOR. I Bsotic Trees and Plants Suitable for Australia. THE OAK.-îso. 3. . A PEW particulars respecting' historical oaks w not only servo to further display tho natural histo of this notable tree, but will also hplp to furnish o readers with pleasant and instructivo reading. Tl accounts wo give aro tuleen chiefly from "Loudor Arboretum," "Evelyn's Sylva," "Professor Bu nott's Works," "Burgess's Eidodendron," ai "Jesse's Gleanings in Natural History," and a ti. presented hero in a greatly abridged form. cr thus indicate tho sources whonco readers, athirst fe ,;. more information than our space pormitB us ' insert, can havo their wants supplied. {'?'? In Windsor Forest, the lung's Oak is ono of tl V most celebrated. This was a favourite treo < ''. William tho Conqueror, who mado Windsor Foie '.- ono ot tho royal forests. Tho King'B Oak wi '¡, 2G feet in circumference at three feet from tl ^ ground. It was, in Loudon'a time (1838), ono tho largest and finest trees of its kind in tho fores and was known to bo moro than 1000 years ol Beneath ita shadow many a British sovereign, Britis statesman, and high-born sportsman rested from tl toils of tho long walk, or of tho chase In 18S it was quito hollow, tho space within was from 7 t 8 feet in diameter, and the entrance about 'H fe« high, and 2 loot wide. " We lunched in it," say Professor Burnett, " September 2nd, 1829 : J would accommodate about twenty persona wit standing room, and ton or twelvo might sit dow: comfortably to dinner. I think at Willis's, and i Guildhall, I havo danced a quadrille in amalle apace." The same author, speaking of Queen Anno' Oak, says, that it is .a tree of uncommon hoight an beauty. Tradition has it that Queen Anne after hunting in Windsor Forest, generally cam under thia tree to mount her horse. Another oali called Pope's Oak, growing in Binfield Wood, i tho same forest, haB the words, " Here Popo sang, incribed on it. Queen Charlotte's Oak was favourite of that Queen, and is of immense BI'ZC growing in an elevated spot which commands fin views of tho surrounding scenery. George IV. hai a brass- plato, inscribed with the name of tho Queen who so greatly loved the tree, fixed on it. Amor celebrated oak than any of the preceding was tha of Horne the Hunter. Thia renowned tree hu been embalmed in the writings of Shakspeare, nn< has had thère a distinction and an immortality con ferred on it which nono of the vulgar herd of king and queens and princes could bestow. The remain of tho trunk of thia treo were lately about 21 feet ii circumference. Herne was a keeper in the fores somo timo before tho reign of Elizabeth, and nangee himself on this oak, from tho dread of being dis graced for some offence which ho had committed and his ghost was believed to haunt the spot About half a century ago Horne's Oak waa stil standing, or at least there waa a treo whicl somo old inhabitants of Windsor considère! as such, and which thoir fathers did befor thom. Loudon says that thia dead troo, growinj closo to an avenue of olma, ifrao the very picture o death, and not a particle of vitality appeared abou it. " It strotches out its bare and sapless brauche liko tho skeleton arms of somo enormous g-iaut, anc ia almost fearful in its decay. None of the delight ful associations connected with it have howevei vanished, por is it difficult to fancy it tho scene o Falstaff's distress, and tho pranks of the 'Merry Wives.' Its spectral branches, might deter manj from coming near it ' 'twixt twelvo and one.' " The f otpath which leads acroaa tho park ia stated to have passed near thia oak in former times. In E pit near it, Nan, and her troop of fairies, and thc Welsh devil, Evans, might all have couched withoul being porceived by the fat Windsor stag, when ht spake like " Herne tho Hunter." Tlioro is an old talo goos that Horne, tho hunter, Somotimc a keeper hero in Windsor forest, Dolli all tho w inter timo, at still mldnk'ht. "Walk round about an oak, with groat ragg'd horn?, And there ho blasts tho treo. The last acorn found on this celebrated troe wna planted by Sir David Dundas, in Wales, where it now flourishes as a goodly treo, and where, after tho lapso-of a few moro centuries, it will doubtless become ronownod as a bravo old oak. Tho largo oak at Wootton, in Buckinghamshire, is probably one "of tho handsomest oaks in the world. It ia a perfoct Adonis amongat oaks. Ita trunk meaBurea 25 feet in circumference at ono foot from tho ground, and at tho hoight of twelvo foet it divides into four large limbs, the principal of which is 15 feet in circumference It is about 90 feet high, and covers nn area of 150 feet in diameter with its branchos. " Tho groat beauty of this treo lies in the breadth of ita head, occasioned by the enormous size of ita limbs, which givea it so com pletely tho charactor of tho oak, that not ovon the most superficial observer could oven for a moment mistako it for any other tree. It lias all the attri butes of dignity, majesty, and beauty, usually embodied in typical ideal portraits of the oak. The ground on which this oak stands once formed part of the forest of Bernwood, which was a favourite hunting ground of Edward the Confessor. " This forest was at that time infested by a wild boar, which waa at last slain by a huntsman named Nigel, whom the King rewarded for thia service by the grant of sorco lands, to be held by a horn-a mode of livery common in those days,-and this horn is still in tho possession of the Aubrey family, to whom it has descended by tho female line from that of Nigel." The history of the Ohonies Oak, men tioned by Burnott, has been traced beyond tho date of tho Norman Conquest. Meavy's Oak, on Dart moor, Devonshire, ia about 50 feet high, haa a hol low trunk about 27 feet in circumference, and was a flourishing troo whon Magna Charta waa aigned by King John. The Flitton Oak, nt North Moiton, ttl Devon, was once 90 feofc high but is now only 45 ieet, It is 33 feet in circumforohco nt a hoight of ono foot from tho ground, and at a hoight of about seven feet divides into eight enormous limbs. It is supposed to be more than 1000 years old. Gilpin informs us that Darnoroy'a Ouk, which Btood not far from Blandford, in Dorsetdhiro, was prob ably in a stato of maturity about fivo or six cen turies ago. It measured GS feet in circumference at the ground, and sovontoen foot above it was 1G feet in girt. Aa thia immense trunk docayed it became hollow, forming a cavity 15 lbet wide, and 17 foot high, capable of holding twenty mon. During thc oivil wara, and until nftor tho restoration, this caye was inhabited by an old man, who sold ale in it; A violent storm in 1703 greatly injured this vener able oak, and destroyed many of its noblest limbs ; however, forty years after, it was still so stately a ruin, that some of its branches were 75 feet high¡ and extended 72 feet from tho bole. Hutchins, who, in his account of Dorsetshire, has given a full account of thia celebrated tree, states that it was sold in 1775 for the sum of £14, being then fit only for firewood. Tho dimensions of these celebrated oaks are completely eclipsed hy those of tho celebrated Cowthorpe Oak, mentioned by Dr. Hunter in a note in his annotated edition of Evelyn's Silva, vol. 2nd, p. 208. This oak was measured in 1770, and within threo foet of the ground tho circumference was 1G yards, and close to tho ground 2G yards. It was about 80 feet, and its principal limb extended about 1G yards from tho bolo. This venerable tree was once the pride of tho forest, hut had begun to decay at the dato already mentioned ns that of its measurement. A great deal of legendary loro, and written as well ns unwritten history, aro blended with tho history of most of these ancient .oaks of Britain. Thus, in connection with tho Fairlop Oak, which stood in an open space in Hainault Forest, and which had a circumference near tho ground of 48 feet, wo find tho onco celebrated Good-Day Fair. The oak, at about 30 feet from tho ground, divided into eleven branches, most of which were 10 feet in circumference, the whole covering an area of about 300 feet in circuit. Mr. Day, an eccentric gentleman, used annually to invite his friends to dino with him under tho shadow of this oak, cn beans and bacon, on the first Friday in July, and the result was that crowds wore attracted to the spot, amongst whom ho distributed largesses of beans and bacon, so that by degrees a fair sprung up, and was kept under the oak for many years ai ter wards. The orgies carried on at this fair by boozy souls did no good to tho oak ; gipsies shelter ing under it did it further damngo; a party of cricketers accidentally set fire to it, by leaving a fire burning near it; and, finally, a storm blew it clown. Mr. Day had a coffin made for himself out of one of its limbs, and in this coffin he was buried ; and when the tree was blown down it was purchased by a builder, who constructed from a portion of it the pulpit and reading-desk of what was then tho New Church of St Pancras, in London. This pulpit and reading-desk form tho only known romains of this huge oak. The love of birds for their young, and the pationco with which they incubato are notorious. A story illustrative of this trait in 1 ird character is told by Gilbert White, in connection with the Raven Oak of Whitehart Forest in Dorset. Tradition has it that «Henry III,, whilst hunting there, spared the life of a milk-white doer, and hence the forest derives its name. It was afterwards called Blackmoor, and LoBel's Wood, mentioned by White, formed part of it. In this wood there grow an oak, " which, though shapely and tall on tho whole, bulged out into a large excrescence about .the middle of the stem. On this oak ri pair of ravens had fixed their rcsideneo for such a scries of years, that it was dis tinguished by the title of tho Haven Tree. Many were tho attempts of the neighbouring youths to got at this oyry : tho difficulty only whetted their inclinations, and each was ambitious of surmounting I the arduous task ; but when they- arrived at tho swelling, it gutted out so in their way, and was so far beyond their grasp, that tho most' daring lads wero awed, and acknowledged the undertaking to be too hazardous, So the ravens built on, nest after nest, in perfect security, till tho fatal day arrived when the treo was to bo felled. It was in the month of February, when the ravens usually sit, and tho dam was upon her nest. The saw was applied to the butt ; wedges were inserted iu the openin« ; the woods echoed to tho heavy blows of tho hatti .and the mallet, and the tree nodded to its fall ; yet still the dam sat on. At last, when the tree gave way, the bird was flung from her nest ; and though her maternal affection merited a hotter fato, she was whipped hy the boughs which brought her dead to tho ground." There is hardly an ancient oak in Britain, or on the Continent of Europe, with whose history is not associated some fact in the civil his tory of mankind, or some marvel of legendary lore, analagous to those previously mentioned. A volume might easily be filled with accounts of ancient and monstrous oaks, und of tho historical incidents with which they aro connected. ¡ _-_,_ I 