A GOLDEr D ofIroyEUY.- In the suburbs, of. Dundee a golden discovery was recently t, made by a husband who.had, hitherto mani fested the most unqualified confidence in the J fidelity of his wife.' It seems that he had ii been from home, one day recently and had ' returned, rather unexpectedly, late at night. ° On arriving. he found that his wife, wvho had not previously evinced any symptoms of illness complained,of-having been, suddenly. seized with,spasms. The daoger-wa. nothing more serious, however, than, that..the. wife thought a little whisky, would remove it,. and there being. none iA the house, she urged.her spouse to,procure the same. The .good man had undressed for the night, but was not the proof against hen entreaties, and having hastily putting on what he.supposed to be his trousers, proceeded to. a pablic house'in the neighbourhood. The keeper, on hearing his complaint, gave him a gill of wLiskey, for which he laid a coin on. the counter. The publican asked if the man. had'nt a shilling, and. he said he had given him one. The publican, however, told, him it was a sovereign, and he expressed his as. tonishment, as he was not aware that he had& any gold in his possession. Again putting his hand in his pocket he pulled out a nu-ut ber of gold. pieces, and the third time he plunged with a similar result, having taken out in all about twenty sovereigns. Hp w~is perfectly dumfounded by this auriferous dies covery, andi his,astonishment was greatly increased when on looking he ascertained that his trousers were further adorned with, .what appeared to be gold stripes down the side of each leg. Imagining that some kind fairy had been at work and bewitched his trousers, he took a closer inspection of them, but a terrible thought crossed his mind when be found the stripes were like those worn .by the noble defenders of our country, -The affectionate husband immediately rushed from the shop and made .the best of his way home, in the hope that he would yet be in. time to find the owner of the pantaloons. The bird, however, had flogwn, and, the melancholy spouse, determined to make the, best of the matter he could, drowned his sorrows at the expense of his rival. A quasi public meeting for the discussion of the subject of railway extension was held in Dunolly some nights ago. During the arguments (states the Express) a small farmer, who had evidently been looking through the glass bottoms of numberless. pint pots through the day, entered the meet ing room,, and seating himself comfortably, in a state of semi-somnolency, listened to the pros and cons on.the question, occasion "ally interjecting a feeble hear, hear, in. the. wrong place. The time at last arrived when the speakers had exhausted themselves, and the chairman, after reading..a.resolution, ins quired if there was any amendment~ Then our small farmer rose, slowly and. unsteadily, and thus quoth he :--" Geul'oaen, I don't p'fess to onderstand much.. of. the ques'n. Taint my line this speech'fying-hic-but look here. You bin a talkin' 'bout your lions for moro'n than'three hours. You can ha' your blues and your pinks, if you like, but I've known Jer'y Oull'm for long, time, and I-hic-vote for the Red Lion l!" The local correspondent of the Ballarat Star,.llth June, writes :-`? Time,. instead ofr lessening belief in the..Burnt Bridge ghost, has rather intensiffed that feeling, and-this is particularly true of one of the ,party from Lal ]:l that visi4ed. the haunted house. This, person is. so imbued with,fear ever since, that he is almost prostrate. On Frit day night a crowd gatheredd.round him in 1\. his dwelling, to hear his version of the ad! venture, when,. from some cause the visitors unceremoniously rushed out, Finding him self thus loft the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in.his excessive. confusion and hurry left his hat and boots behind, and applied all, available speed in malting his escape to.my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully im plored admittance... fE said.he must have travelled, the distance in thirty.bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously con gratalated himself on his.goodlfortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy.a man about forty five years of age, and about six feet six inches high, with.hair standing Son end, barefooted and bareheaded, clearing huge logs and. oaher, obstructions..as,,if the arch-fienc himself were at his heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and youihave a faithful pictuie ofthe man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted Sbravery is organlsing to challenge.the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish I themselves with firearms.in ease of;meeting tangible resistance. Should the scheme be carried out, I may have to tell, you before long of more converts to the new faith,)" 