THE DOLLINGER CASE. [From the Pall Mall Gazette.'] j " People in England are very apt to over- rate the importance of the so-called 'Dil- linger movement in Germany. There is no doubt that to a certain number of Catholics there the matter is of some moment; but even that number is but small, comparatively speaking. The rest of the educated classes in Germany take about as much interest in it as they do in most matters appertaining to the Church militant. They look on with a certain languid wonderment, not much caring which side may issue victorious. The National Zeitung of Berlin has some very characteristic remarks on the subject. We have no reason, it says, to take up a hostile position with regard to theCatholicChurch, or to wish her destruction ; but we are also too foreign to any of the movements with- in her pale to be able to back any one of them. We cannot get up any ardour for a church which makes the famous races in ecclesia one of her primary dogmas. Whether the " Old Catholics" hold by an infallible Episcopate, or the " New Catholics " by an infallible Pope, is very much the same to us Theoretically, the infallible Episcopate may become as dangerous to the state as the Pope; practically -as we readily grant the anti- Infallibilists-there is more danger to be apprehended from an infallible Pope. But we think things have now assumed such a shape for the German people that the Pope may really say what he listeth. He may, if he chooses, confound a few minds that just want to be confounded, but he will not hurt the development of our state affairs. We think, therefore, we may gladly leave him his infallibility. What is more, we do not even believe in the durability of this movement. The Ecclesia regnans the clergy-is, with infinitesimal exceptions, utterly subject to the Pope, and the lay element-the Ecclesia services will not cease to consider itself as such, whatever may be said about it. And this alone could impart any real meaning to the present movement. We shall therefore confine ourselves, as hitherto, to the communication of the documents pro and contra without leaving our neutral position one way or the other. We know our readers too well to try to inspire them with enthusiasm for Dallinger or Schulze, whom we have never looked upon as Paladins and Knights of the Holy Ghost.' " 