MAORI WIFE TAMING. A Maori woman, the wife of the chief Thompson, eloped a short time ago with a Hau-hau. Kitty and her fa voured lover had travelled as far as Kakamatua, and had been there some weeks when they were discovered by some of Thompson's friends who had been in chase. The Hau-hau, who seems to have tired of the lady, quietly acquiesced in the wishes of the pursuers who proceeded to tie her with a stout rope, and brought her back to Waitakere taking three days to do the journey. Kitty, who stoutly resisted, was sadly damaged, and presented rather amelan choly picture on arrival, her treatment by the captors not being such as would meet with the approval of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani mals. Thompson was delighted at her return, hut Kitty, with many expres sions of hatred, refused to have any thing* more to do with him saying- he was only the ghost of a man. He re torted by calling her a devil of a woman, and proceeded to exercise his marital authority by giving her a sound thrash ing, answering the expostulations of a pakeha by saying he cud it out of pure love and affection. Since then. she. has been a close prisoner, the monotony of her existence being only relieved by the application, at at short intervals, of a decent sized tea-tree stick. At night, to prevent her escape,, she is securely fastened with rope, and presents an appearance more resembling a well trussed chicken than a pretty Maori girl. Her objection to Thompson <m the ground that he was only the ghost of a man, was not out of place, as the old fellow is worn to a shadow; and it is al»outeven betting which event comes off firsl, the death of the old man from grief, or that of the woman from ths severity of the measures taken bv him to regain her affections.-Southern Cross. CHEAP WHITJS *ASH FOB ucisidb Wobk. -If«r the outside of wooden cottages, barm out-building*, fence*, etc., where economy is important, the following wash is recommended . -Take a clean barrel that will hold Water, put m it half a bushel of quicklime, and fluke it by pouring over it boiling water sufficient to cow it 'our or fire inches deep, and stirring it till slaked. When quire slaked, dissolve in water and add 21b of sulphate of zinc (white vitriol) which may be hsd of any of the druggists, and which in a few weeks, will cause the wbitewetli TO harden on the woodwork. Add sufficient water to bring it to the consistence of thick whitewwb. This wash is, of course, whit*, and as white is a color which, we think, should never be used except upon buildings a good desl surrounded by trees to prevent its glare, we would make it a fawn or drab color before using it. To make the above wash a pleasing creain color, add 4 lbs yellow ochre. For a fawn color take 4 lbs umber, 1 lb Indian red, and 4 lb lampblack. To make the wash grey or ?tone color, at"d 1 lb raw umber and 2 lbs lampblack. The color may be put on with a i common whitewash brush, and will be found | much more durable than common whitewash ,as the sulphate of zinc sets or hardens the wash! -American Paper. The Maryborough "Advertiser," in seeking to account for the rush of candidates for the Victorian Legislative Assembly, sums up as ollows the stake to be run lor.-Imprimis Three hundred pounds per annuip," paid monthly for three years. Item-Free railway passes, free rides by mail coach, and free sta tionary and postage stamps. Item-A trance inthe lottery of office; prizes from £16u0 to £2,000 per annum. Item-Imitations to Xoorak, und good positions at all public cere monials. Item-ihe privilege of tacking W p [ to your name, and of dazzsing your old ac quaintances in the mother country with your [ new-blown dignity. Item-Picking*. Ihe value of these is indefinite, but, as every body know*- and and have made a hand some ilnng out of them. Item-An introduc tion to society for Mrs. M P. and lier daughters and the opportunity ot securing Government Juliets for the male olive branches of the family. << Ihe Western Daily Times" (published in « «« ^ under dMte October 14, 1870, tat s : \- Mr. Henry Bessemer has devieed Jud describes in jesterday's "Times" a kind of steam mitraiileur, which will use its "t«ai» power to carry the arm about Jrom place to ploce, and to discharge a perfect cloud of balls over a lange, and with a velocity euch as will practically ret.der all reeistence impossible ex cept to long-range artillery. Every steam fire engine and every railway engine, if we under stand Mr. Bessemer correctly, could be easilv transformed into the moat murderous piece of tight field artillery ever invented. An arm of description could discharge 1090 two ounce bulle'e per minute: or, if three barrels were employed, the central one for two-ounco Shot at long range, 2.0C0 per minute would be easily obtained. A powerful battery of eucb instruments would eweep everything human before it, and as t he directing barrel of each one have an a'lraund motion, euch piece, would be as far superior to the common mi frailJeiir aa it iseuperior to a piece of light field artillery. We have only to conceive what might be done by a small train armed in thia way, rushing backwards and forwards along « radway track, to understand what an awful power Mr. Bessemer has devised As he writes steam must be our grand defensive agent! 1 be materials to maintain its power (coal aud a*" met W,th in *verJ T'Uage in the land, and if, in a non-military country like our own, we can have an auxiliary eteamermv representing a bullet- throwing power caual to jo least SCO,000 men, direc&PaJ;^K,£ by acme two or time thousand intelligent engineers, we ?8y then at small coat K! wajB pretared for the worst. Our steam will need neither rations, clothes, nor pay in the long intervals of peace, and will cosiTuta fraction of tbe amount of living maehinea, even in the time of war. We bare in our locomotive engine drivers just tbe class of men for thia purpose -men of nerve, in whom gr<*t Sn£ Pla.eed, and who are .thoroughly ac quainted whU steam machinery. TheaeaSd our Fire brigade would make an «32/£ eerve corp., who would scarcely need SinT so near^ dotheir present avoi.ionstaUyS the duties they would have to perform* A thousand auch machines would be able t* throw a million two-ounce bullets per miuute be producable in a few month, aud would not cost more than one ironclad ship. By use all our lmes of rail would become of «tT 'mportance, and.in coast defence ttjeJ the Government, and they ought at Jmat m cei ve considerationw" 