ADELAIDE. . Saturday. Wheat is advancing, and saleo have beon'ofTceted'at 4s. 9d. por bushel. : Mxstehious disaprnawanoe.— On Thursday oven'- ing last a Mr. Willos, who resides at Lion Creak, was m town with his wifo, nnd left about 10 o'olook for homo; Mrs. Willes hoving previously partaken of several glasses of portor. As thoy wero cantering past Mr. Shnrples store Mrs. Willos lost her hat shp jumped down, recovered it nnd started off', again, blrfc She liad not gone fsr when her horse throw her. Her husband pieked her up; placed her sal'oly in tho saddle and off wont tho nags again at u sharp paoo, but whan' fcllGV hfin nvmvnil Wifltin OA «n»rL t._ ' ' >.i„ >» «. < . »«»i «w jKtMBUi uuiuo, rnig, vruies husband picked her up and told her to go iuto the house whilo be wonfc uftor the horso whioh had gallopped off. Upon his return ho found that his wifo was hot at homo, but as ho thou"ht alto had gone to u neighbor's I10 waited for hor without feeling any uneasiness. 'Two hours passed away uud sho did not mako hor appearance, nnd bo then 00m- monced a search, but without success, llo continued to hunt tho country all night, and early in- tho inorn- mg roportod tho matter to . tlio ' police. Constable Siretton immediately started' off, and tho lagoons and evory waterholo in tho neighbourhood wore searelicd, but not tho slightest traces were foKnd of 1I10 missing woman. Dotectivo Mooucy, Constable- 8ocly, and a blaok traokei are now, with Stretton, busy ot work Tho disappearaneo of Mrs: Willos was porfeotly mva- tenotis, hor husband was only absent for a tew. minutes ; tho bousq Was not 20:yards from 'her whoii ho left her, and the portor hud had such mi effect upon' her that alio wbb almost' .unnblo to walk. Tho river wus not far distant, but there was no direct road to it- and several foneos intervened, so that it was almost impossible that a woman in lior condition could havo- mnnugod to reaoh tho water, . Disxiura Codjit, — Tho Criminal Sittings Will com- monoo this niorniug at 10 o'olook punctually all' parties concerned are requested to bo in early attend ance. Tho Civil Sittings will probably opuri on Wed nesday morqiug, the 15tb. ' ' EtrttopsAN Mail.— 'The mail vid Suez is duo to-day nt Adolnido und may probably como through this afternoon. Tho Oaltforninn mttil is not duo until tho 20th. : Kntbbprizr.— Wo liavo not had an opportunity of montioiiing beforo that at tlio regatta which took pluoo lutoly at Townsville,..tho winning boat was built by I . Mr.'Norris, of Rockbumpton, who has on many occa sions turned out crafts whioh did both him and tlio town honor. Erom whut wo can understand, whon Mr. Norria arrived at Townsvillo at' tlio (attor ond of lust year, ho was urgod by . aovoml of bis old ltock- lmmuton friends' 10 build a bout in ordor to contest with tho Leisure Hour, which wus considered to bo a dipper ; ho ut first doolincd to do so, bocauso thoro would not bo suffloiont timo, but ho at last consented and sot to work, nnd in aovotitcen days lmd tho Oooil Will rondy for tlio contest. Ho had a grout muny difficulties to contend against as ho wus without his tools ; thoro wore no' blocks und not a stitoli of canvass to bo hud, and ho was compelled to . use strong oulieo .for.tlio sails, which wo need hardly say answered tho purpose, but vory indifferently; bad tlio proper ma- torinl boon at hand; and ovorytliing about tho boat of a ilrst-olass ohulraotor, slid would linvo shown tlio leisure Hour a much olounor pair of heols than alio did. Mr.-Norris worlcod at hor night and day, and an immonsc amount of intorost was taken in hor progress by tlio commuuity, who hardly expected ; to soo hor mnko an uppoaranco on tho oourso. Howover sho wus thoro in duo timo, and whon u Bturt wus offootod at lmlf-past ton o'clock tho Leisure Hour, whioh was built-in-. Itookhampton by Mr. Whiffon, an nmntpur; crawled away to windward leaving hor competitors' behind. Howover she was overhauled by . tho Good WiVi, -capitally sailod by Captain Dwyor, and rounded tlio'buoy first ut 1127,' tho Leisure Hour being- only 0110 minulo bohiiid. " When she wus round," as the Cleveland Bay Express ways, ' tlio Good Will wont off at u spunking pueo with u froo shoot, thoro being u lino broczo from tho E.N.IO." Tito Leisure Houi\ stuck to Iter, and rounded tlio roof buoy only 8 minutes oi'tor hor. On tlio wuy bacyk tho Good Will improvod her- position,' aiid sho rounded tlio llag boat 9- minutos boforo hor opponont. Tltonco to tho stoumor's buoy tlio Leisure Hour orept up, tho Good will going sligUtly too much to loownrd, this covo tho former a decided udvantugo, and thoro was n differonoo in timo. of two minutes only whon tho steamer's buoy was rounded. But tlio Good' Will quiokly rnndo up for lost timo, nud tho roof buoy on tho roitd homo was rounded by -hor throe minutes first, and sho ovontuully came in a winuor by 9 minutes. After tho start, through tlio wind shifting, a groat n'dvuntago was gained ovor tho Good Will by tbo Leisure Hour and Escape, as itgavo thorn a luff, which enabled thom to mako tho buoy boat . in ono took, tlio same wind bonding tlio Good Will. Tito raco was' altogether a most excollout ono, and as the boats kept woll togotlior the sight was very pleasing. The four boats enmo in as follows: — Good Will, 21i. 10m. ; , Leisure Itour, 2b. -19m. ; Escape, 21i. 21m.-; Jdn, 2h. ' 27m. Tho Eclipse also started, bub did not go round tho buoy. Mr. Norris sold bis bout for a good prioo, and whon ho loft Townsvillo several gontlomon oxprossod their dotorniination to build yachts for tlio purposo of on- doavoring to give tlio sauoy Good Will, 4ho good-byo at tho lioxt regftto. Mr.- Wilkie's Concert.— Our roadors will not forgot'tliht'Mr. Alfred Wilkio's bonoort will tako placo to-night ut tho School of Arts. Doors opon at half- past aovon. , r ' B'oots and Shoes.— Thoso who' supply us with boots and shops appear determined 'that their stock shall rival, if not oxcood, in quality and. variety any to bo found in Brisbane or Sydnoy. A oomtnoroiul .-traveller with' whom wo" wore speaking 011 Suturduy, said that tho goods sold .by. Sir. Hkat'don and by Mossrs. Lewis nnd Bromberg, woro quito equul to iinvthinfr hn lind sdoh in Svrlnov. nitfl miw.li lmi-tm. ti.nM J10 could, discover iti Brisbuno. Ho oxpressod bimsolf ustunishod at, the quality of. tlio goods required by tlio Roekliampton pooplo, and tho prices thoy wore willing to pay for a really first-olass artiolo. Tito stoek wliioli bus lately arrived for Mr. Skardon direct from England, aro undoubtedly amongst tho boat looking wo have soon; tho " shoe of the. period" is exceedingly neat, while the" Emporoiirs" must 'come- iuto fashion, amongst thoso who huvo a passion for a woll-fi'tting and mroly. turnod out boot. A visit to tlio ostublisli- tnouts we lmvo referred to will, prove at oiieo tlio pluok. aud good tusto of their proprietors. : iilDOEliANUs. — No sooner wus tlio Valentino ma- chine taken away from Ridgelunds than it wus found out that. 11 very greut mistuko hud been made in gottiiu' rui-wi-.-M. ji,M.,ur 1 — i -u. uisappearocrwhiofi. conveyed it to port to bo shipped Noith, whon it was -discovered llnit, there was still quurtz to bo found, if sought for pmpqjly, and wiion found well worth erusli- ing. Wo ebnaiderod ;when Mr. Hodgkinson bought tlio plant ho was . doing a very, wiso thing, and tlio company a very foolish ono, und, if wo mistuko not, the old shareholders will, beforo long, como round to our woy.of thinking. Wo find that thero aro no Uss titan S puddling inaoliiuos at work ut llidgolands, and all of thom paying .well ; on tlio olaim next' to Kirkor's Beef lib. of gold wus ottiiinod, in ono day, und other claims aro begiiiniiig to tniiko suoh a show, that thero is a great binary for u machine, 'und suvoral parties aro about sending off parcels of stone to tho Moriniah to , bo crushed, thoro. . The Batiihes-f Burr.— Who is to blame that tho Butliurst. burr is growing 011 our river bank and on our wusto ground iu and out of 'the town? Up to this timo wo have boon froo from tho pest, but unless nolivo und immodiuto stops bo taken, our lands and reads will quiokly bo covered with 'them, and tlion good-byo to profitable farming. On tlio pieuo of ynoaiit. ground, by the sido of tho Aitoua .Office, iiV Quay- sl root, thoro are iiititiy very lino spouitnens of tlio wiirf unci in u wsok of fcwo—tinl>i.iti>,i —their seeds will bn carried fur and widol und tbo crop next. year, will bo something to .admire. On the rivor bank also thoro ore many noblo plants to be seou, but whioh -to our mind— would look rouoh bettor floating down tho Fitzroy. Whoso business is it to eradicate this moat troublosomo of ull woods, and who would- havo to pay tho fine if tho Govornmont choso to inflict it? Perhaps our Mayor will havo 'something to say upon tho subjoot before it assumes a plague , ot - great importance.' If. our In'speetor of Nuisances, who ia very energolie,-' would, whenever ho sees a, bury root it up, ho would materially assist in preventing uiuoh tutui-o' annoyuueo and oxponso. 1 Melrournb Theatres.— I wonder whothor any on- ioi'pnsing papitaliat will over giro to the. pooplo 0 Molbouruo, a theutro or opera liouso fit for a warm ohnmto. /Tho -Royal and tho Piuosss's havo for tho last fow days lioi'uo a most unpleasant resomblanco to tho atmosphoro.of tlio Blaok Hole of.Oaloutta. The rush of tho unfqrtunuto oboupants of the dross oircle at tho close of' every uct; to got a mouthful of fresh air, was remarkably ltko tho sceno doaoribbd by Muoaulay And whut would becoino of tho. fainting nnd half suffo cating mass if, in -tno midst of the porforrauuee,'- an nlurrn of fire wus given ?. Tho tftoatro would burp like a tinder-box this hot woather, and tlioro aro absolutoly ..no means of, ogress for .half the audience. - Oould noc something' bo dono to iucrouso tho oliuiioes of oscupo by a fow iiioro doors, and to loealiso the firo, as was tho oaso with that iron curtain at Drury.-lano, whioh was eonstruoled so as to eonflnb tho conflagration to the stuge, and enabled Miss Furren '' 't'o itssuro.Our zonerons benefactors, 1 will only burn the scenery and tn 0 aotors. ' ' LesaL.— Ou' the 1st February next tho now law re lating to insolvonoy will oome into force. A digest of tho new not has ulready appeared' in those columns, but it may bo as well to imtni, nnt ihnt eommidsionor is preoluded from granting a cortiflcato to an insolvent unless his estate has realised 7s. in tho £1. A great advantage conferred by tlio now statuo is the vesting of, .insolyonoy ju'risdiotion -in county court. \- judges. Maity an estato that has heretofore not been' considered worth'a' jonrney to Melbourne to prove upon, will in future bo regarded as at least worth in vestigating ; and when traders find that ' " white washing " undor the now aet is a vastly difl'aront and niore difficult process than it wiis undor tho old law, they will probably exercise grantor core in giving credit; and bo a liltlo ntoro chary not- to'trado boyond thoir means. -Tho liow, rules of praotieo havo, ; within, "tho last day or two, boon oat-efully revised by Air. Ooirt- missfoncr Noclmd hw Honor Judge Biiidoit,-and will almost immediately bo p.ublisbed for general infor mation. — Melbourne Leader. In a Fix.- — -I understand that somo of tlio French merehiiuls resided in Melbourno will have shortly to return to Franco iu order to prevent thoir affairs from fafiiiig into utter confusion. Even at Bordeaux tlio offices are closed, arid nil the clerks h-ivo joined tho Mobiles of tlio nriuy of tho nriuy of ,tlit> Lorie. Tho 1 worst is tli'uf,' whon bur friends land 'in Franco thoy may find that even thoir seered persons will not bo spared, unless, indeed, llioy t'akd tho precaution of be coming British subjecta boforo they start, although I doubt whether evon tliot oxtrbmo step would suvo them. — Under the Verandah. The Poor Blacks. — The Editor of the Ravens- wood Miner, who appears to have as wholesome a dis- like to the blacks hanging about townships as we have, after reporting the cases of Dr. Dawson and the shoot- ing of Peter at Emu Park, says " We would like to know why these black savages are allowed to peram- bulate centres of civilization after a certain hour in the afternoon, or in fact at all ? Why should defence- less women and children be exposed to the lust and brutality of such uncivilised brutes? We can assert of our own knowledge that one of the Rockhampton papers - the N. Argus— hus already protested against their admittance into that town. Of a truth, Rock- hampton appears to have enough of criminals in her midst, or in the district, without being additionally blackened by the enormities perpetrated by those in- teresting brethren. The official inquiry into these cases has disclosed an amount of immorality anything but encouraging to students of human nature, or those in our midst who have the future well-being of the State at heart. These sores, like cancerous ones, require it sharp application of the knife to cure them. If not eradicated, but little lasting prosperity can be anticipated by either States or individuals afflicted by them. Oalliope.— The Courier ways x — "The prospectus of the Calliope Gold Mining Company apperas in our advertising columns to-day. The Company has boon formed in 'Melbourno for the , pttrpoBO ol working a largo block of.roof in tho Oalliopo gold-field, near Glud- atone.'.'- "Th'o cnpitul is £22,000, in- shares of £1 eaali, und it is stated that kite groator part of tho shares havo boon already taken up, and only 3000 will bo offered for salo in Brisbane. Messrs Fomviok and Co. are ,tlio rigonts' -of: tho company." Wo understand thut Mr. Dugald Little, tlto promoter of -tho ubovg company, who is . now in Gladstone, is itbout to ondunvour to form a now steam company, for tho purpose of luying on vessels to trado from Brisbano to tho North, oalling at all tho inti-rinodiiito ports, Wo hope he may sueo'oed in liisvendeavqurs/but wo fear that ho- ;wil.l not meet with uuitiy supporters in, tlio- North its monoy is too scarco niid.tlio punplo havo a wltolosonio foar of speuu- lotion. 1 Ottohmbees, — Mr. .Tames Wollor, of tho firm of Beaumont and Waller of Sydney, tho eminent amatour vocalist, died last night, having been poisoned with ououmbor.— Maryborough Qhroniple. Quick Work.— Telegraphic communication with Europo is appronohing us rapidly. Should nothing extraordinary . happen to stay tho present ruto of con struction, tho 1st February noxt year should find us publishing I olcgrams direct from London. Our' neighbors' at Butaviu are alreudy in tologrnphio com munication with Europe, and -tho space between tlio onds of tho Australian and Batavia wires is now but from u point inland from Cardwell to Batavm. -Tho land portion of this blank is boing crossed with tlio wire as rapidly as hunin'i energy can push on. Tlio Queensland lino is being laid to Normanton, Gulf of Carpontariu, wlioro. it is hoped a submarine enblo from Juvn will meut it by tho 1st of January next. — Qucenslander, On a Voyage. — On Tuesday morning some exoito- mont was caused by tho unwotod apootuelo of tlio powder magazine, voyaging down Auckland Inlet, to wards tlio -harbour. Mr. Sims put off' in u boiit, to arrest her course, ;but, was compelled to return for a rope, there being nothing to get hold of, and no footiiig, as the magiizlne.doors . wore shut' imd looked. Fortu- niitoly, tbo unehor whioh had been dragging took hold when tho mugazino had passed tlio Viotoria Wharf, ond she swung to tlio, tide. It is supposod that, tho cable by tho continual swinging of -tho tnagaziuo with tho tide, had takou several turns round tho anchor aud liftod it upright, arid the strong ebb of Tuesday swopt lier down till sho roaohod shallowor water.— Gladslouo Observer. Oape oi' Good; Hote. — By way of Mauritius and Melbourno wo huvo nows from tho Capo of Good Hopo to October 5. 'l'lio Cape Standard'q f tliot dato reports : — "The diamond-fields continue the centre of 'attraction, though tho greut body of tlto diggors aro unsuccessful. Fortunes aro made by ahout 6 percent, ot the diggers ; some others, pay oxpenses ; tho vast majority aro losors. Fever is suid to havo mado its uppearaneo among the diggors, nnd it is anticipated that as summer advances sickness will inereuso at thn fields." Tho correspondent of tlio Port Louis Gazette" writes:— "It is estimated that there are now about 7000 people at (llo diamond-Holds, working industriously, :nnd, ;as wo know, finding fairly. 'Tho largest recent find is.renortpd to liavo beon 11 diamond .no- oarats. utiouk tho- siau vC' 'H pigooii's and . worth about £215,000. There is no question about tho-iruicfulnoss of tlio territory, Tho customs return ulono would attest time if nothing else did, diamonds to tlio value of fully £300,000 havo boon already ox- portod, to say nothing of the many curried away by the ownors theinselvos or their friends in: their private pockets, about wluoh tho customs, of course, never know anything." The diggers, it appears, rofuso to recognise tho magistrates sent by tho Trunsvual Bopublie, nnd demand British rulo.— Now Zoalaitd Weekly Letvs. Australian Flora. — A corrcspondcnt of the Halbt/ Herald writes :— " That very able classifier of the Uor'a, of Australia, Dr. Mueller, of tlto Botunib Gurdons, Melbourne, would be glad to rccetvo from any ono who would fool sufilpiontly interested in the discovory of o now plant, s'pbciinons of all plants growing in thoir localities. Ho is particularly desirous that unv one residing nour to tho Peak Range should soareli all the rooky parts, and send him what specimens of plant they can collect thoro." Wo understand that Dr. Mueller is, preparing a-work on tho flora of these colonies, and the inhabitants of tho varioUB districts can aid him materially .by colleoting and -forwarding spoeimon's to him at Molbniitnin. Oni« fniniirla ;« tl.A :t '.211 bo soon, are particularly requcatod to render whatever aid inay bo in their power: The Eefrcts oe Rum.— At n late hour on Satur day night information was received by tho polioo of a aboriginnl light, whioh took plaeo a short distaiioo from Mr. Pentecost's Ilotol oii the Highfiolds road. It appears a party ot . aboriginals .had beon payiui a visit to tho township, when as usual, thoy wero supplied with an almost unlimited supply of brandy and rum. They wore driven out of the town about 2 p.m., and the. fight took pliico shortly after sunsef.„''Tlte disturb- aneo was beard by Mt Poiitecost and- his neighbours, but they did not attempt to intorfo'rb, us tlio whole party appeared to bo in arms. It was noticed, how ever, that two of- thom wore lying on tho ground and cutting each other with knives. After a time tho dis- turbance subsided, and it was thon discovered that ono of tho oombatants had boon .loft dead on tho ground tho other haying beoti, in nil .'probability, carried away by lus friends. An inquest was hold on the body at Mr. Pontocost s Hofcol on Sunday niorniug, when it was stated by Dr. Roberts that the, right arm of tho uiilortiinato fellow, had boon out through to the bone, and that ho had recoived another severe stab in the right shouldor. Tho main artories of tlto arm wero divided, and doath ensued, ftom loss of blood.— Ibid: . Fduoation.- Wo-arn glad to loavn tliat a movement is being made in Maryborough, with 'u view to cstab- lishitia Grammar School hero., Tia or thrco gontlo-,- men have already protnisod £50 eaoh and tho pro moters qro sungumo that by a genoral effort' the £100 necessary to secure £203 from Government can- -be', obtuinod. We Aoinmend tlio project to tho ultontiou of tho public.— Buxelt Eews. , ' V, . .The HnanT'..ov" EnJoymknt.— Geqrgo Augustus. Bala writos in' Helgravia .- — " I happened to bo pass ing one Boxing Day— or rather evening— niany. years ago, .through St. Oloroeht's .churchyard, wlion I became tiwuro of a man who - was holding on to tho railings of tho church arid blubbering iri a 'manner piteous to behold and hear. 'A good woman — presumably his wife — in a shabby shawl and ornsbed bonnot, was doing- hor. bekt to cupport this staggering holidtiy- makcr. atid to ohoor him up, but his grief was over whelming."-!— I— I'm so unhappy," Ebriosus oon- tinued toinaundor. "Unhappy! repented tho good woman with womanN scorn, und:yot not without a kind of rallying sympathy, " Unhappy -J. What for? You was drunk tho day before yesterday ; yoii was drunk on Christmas Day ; you're drunk now. What moro ' do'yer want ? Ho yer want to be a hangelf In tlio opinion of tbis bxcollent housowifo intoxicatiou was tho summum boiium of liuuianity. " HBAYbRKMAN AHEAi.-A good story, is told of ri certain pronunont railroad gentleman who is equally renowned tor his ability to make and take a jbke. A railroad emplo,vo eaino on Saturduy isight to usk for a pass down to visit his family. You arc in the em ploy oi Iho railroud P " inquired tho goutloman. alluded ,,% » e8W v. .0«'.wwlw'>ottr. pay regularlv?" xee. _ 'Veil, qow; suppose you were working for a rarinor instead of ri riiilroiul, would you expect your employer to hit eh up his team every 'Saturday night und carry you homo?"'. 'This Seemed n poser, but it wiisn t. " No," said (lie num. promptly, f; I wolild not expect that, but if the farmer had his team hitched up, "" Boi"s m-v. 1 8,,?u'11 O"11 lum mean if ho wouldn t let me ride. ' Mr. Employo camn put three ipunutes afterward with a pass good for twelvemonths. Oonsiperate. — Wo omitted in our last number to montion that owinu to tho considorato conduct of Captain Hirst— who no doubt aotod according to tlm intontion of the a.s.N. Company ill tbo matter— in dolnying tho U'inone » for somo hours tn Kcppo Bay until the muil stcmner arrivod t here, wo obtained our English lottoi s and nowspapors somo days enrlior than would have boon the ease had tho Tinonee sailed direct from Roekliampton qn tho 29th ultimo. Wo hope, whilst Macktiy is denied tho advantage allowod to other ports by tho northorn maritimo mail scrvico, that the Tinonee' s doparturo for the north from Roekliampton will in future bo regulated so as to onsuro our portion of the English muil boing brought bddircgMarly. — Maokai/ Mercury. Li It American Sympathy.— A litcrary-Xjcman in San ii'raiteiseo. whohasamplo opportunitice of know. ing the state of American fooling, in writing to a South Australian journal, says:— "Tho Amorican Tress is greatly concerned about tlio political status of tho Aus tralian colonies. Tho leading journuls gravely ndviso you to form a Confederate Ropublio without unnocci- sary deluy, and thus save yourselves from the just vongoancu in store lor Great Britain aud hor depen dencies. Thoy are muoli grieved that England lias not taken u hand in tho present conflict, and tlio mujorily of litem wonld l-ejoico ut any humiliation sho might suffer.. Notwithstanding post-prandial orations, Ac,,, there is not an overplus of lovo in the bosoms of our Amorican cousins for anything British." : ' Allioatoh Hunting.— Sotno vory. good sport was experienced on Wednesday aftornoon by Mr. Thistletiiwayto,'Dr. OullugUan, and some othors, who succeeded in bugging an alligator. Shortly uftor lunoli Mr. 'Thistlethwayto, standing on tlio verandah of Dr. Callughun's coltugo overlooking tho sreek, saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank, crawl up, and : assume a recumbent position on tlio mud. An ex pedition/was at onco organised with tho viow of capturing or killing tho saurian. Mr. Thistlotliwavto : and Dr. Cnllagun orossed ovor in n punt, and wero joined- 'by a .fisherman who lives on tho south bank. Directed bv u person on the north side, thoy managed | to'arawl' within twenty yards of tho alligator without''' disturbing him, und tho flshorraan, armed with a shot ' gun, und Mr. 'Thistlethwayto with a rifle, both fired ; tno latter tut mm just bolund tho lore -arm, and the ' reptile crawled threo or four puces into tlio water, leaving his tail exposed on tho batik. Tbo tbrco sportsmen rushod at, and seized tlio alligator's caudal ' upnenditgo, and a most oxeiting struggle ' took place. 'Tbo saurian mudo- snvngo but. inoffoctual attempts to bito his persecutors who courageously stuck" to his tail wltilo others bout liitn about tlio head with sticks until lie gavo up tbo ghost. When it was ascertained thut he wus quito dctid ho was towod aooross tho crook, and it was found that ho meaeured nearly nino foot in length. His out" sido armour was covered with sears and scratohos, as if ho had suffered in various combats with his scsiy brotliorn. Tt was net therefore worth preserving, Tlie skull is kopt by Mr. Thistlothwuyto as a trophy of his prowess. Tho body was boiled down by tho fisherman, but yielded littlo moro than a pannikin full of oil. / It is not 'often thut such a chance is afforded of obtaining ulligutor sport in our croek.— Clovoland Bay Exprees. Sudden Death.— A man named Skinner, a prisoner on his way from Ravenswood to Townsville, in charge of a carrier named Ryan, died suddenly on the road about thirty-flve miles from Townsville, on Monday last. Ryan reported the matter to the police, and a magisterial inquiry was held on Wednesday, before tho Police Magistrate and the Mayor, at which the following evidence was taken :— Sergeant Higgins de posed that Thomas Ryan had reported to him that a man had died on his way down from Ravenswood, on his (Ryan's) dray ; witness went out to view the body, which he ordered Ryan to bury. - Thomas Ryan de- posed that he was instructed by the police at Ravens- posed that he was instructed by the police at Ravens- wood to escort the prisoner, who was suspected to be of unsound mind, to Townsville ; he died on the road on Monday ; he had been suffering, from the horrors, and would not take food or drink ; witness had a letter from the police at Ravenswood, which he lost ; de- ceased had had no property on him, and was between fifty and sixty years of age ; there is no lock-up at Ravens- wood ; prisoners there are chained to a log.— James Cunningham, horse driver to the previous witnss corroborated his statement.— Dr. Callaghan fryfj'R to having examined the body ; and believed de- ceased had died from natural causes, accelerated by drink ; he had no suspicion whatever of any foul play. — The magistrate stated tlhat they also did not con- ' sider that any suspicious circumstunces existed in con- nection with the death. The Discovery of Human Remains at Middle Haeuour. — Yesterday forenoon water police oonetqblo Turner accompanied by tbo man Gilberthorpe who on the previous day unuouiicod to tho polioo that ho had discovered a skolotou between Balmoral and Middle Head— visited the vioinity indicated in the Water Police boat. At Cobblers beaeb at a sandy spot near some rocks generally covbrod at high tido, thoy found tho principal portions of , a human skeleton ; including the skull, thigh, leg und arm bones; , vory much blaekoiied aud decayed. Nearly all tli8 bottos of tho vertebrae and tho ribs are missing, 'l'lio framo would scum to huvo been that' of a porson of largo stature, whothor of. an aboriginal or white man has not yet boon determined. It is supposed thut the bones wero exposed by tho action of tho sea during the rough weather at tlio close of tho post your. Tlto matter lms been reported to the City Coroner. 'The skeleton has boon brought to Sydnoy. It now lies at tho roar of the Water Polico Station. — 8, M. Herald. Queensland Wool,— With reference to tho Wool- Show hold in Sydney on tho - 23rd January, 1871, wo must bo uU'owed to - ooneratulato nnr friends on tlicir success. Tito remarks that woro appliod to thom nud their exhibits iii January, 1870, wore anything but flattering, but tho lato show lias given thorn a fair share of ; tlio, prizes, and to account for thom having taken theso with tho sanio wools (for thoro cannot be any grout change or improvement in twolva months) must bo accounted for by their having taken additional pains' in the getting up, und, perhaps, from additional knowledge acquired sinco then. Wo feol sure that had our Queensland wool growers us tliorough a practical knowledge us their neighbors of Now South Wales and Victoria thoy would have dono still bettor. To tako prizes ut tlio Sydnoy Wool Show a man must not only lmvo good sltoop und wool, but must know how to plaeo his exhibits so that ha may start with tlio sutuu olmnces of success. When this suggestion is belter and mora fully understood wo umy prodiot that somo of our prosont stock ownors will not be far bohind tlio Coxes, Bayleys, and Bcttingtous, of New South Wales, who havo acquired thoir knowledge through sheer perseverance. As it is, Darling Downs has done very woll, six prizos coming to them, namelr, - one (a second prizo) to Mr. Green, of Goomburro, for " twelve owe fleoces not skirted, open to thoso who havo I not taken tho Society's prize for tlio last threo years, and highly con: in untied insamo class; and in classes , 6 and 13 Mr. B.. 0. larr is also highly commended ; . and in class 9, G. . Clark obtained the second prizo for the best wushed wool on slump's back. Mr. F. J. 0. Wildaslt also carried off tbo first prizo for the best ' balo of sooured wool, beating the party who took the Society s prize in 1870 ; and Mr. 0. Clark took first " prizo lor Angora goat's wool. The other three prizes went to Mr. J. B. Bottington, of Cauning Downs Soutn, uamoly, the prizo given by W. B. Tooth, of ; i Clifton, -for the host , bale ,of wushod- clothiug wool '' wotghtng not loss than flOOlbs., Hie bona fide produc tion of exhibitors in Queensland ; ono first prizo (class b) for the/ most valuable twolvo ewe floecos of the northern districts onlv : and M»mt f.t... iqi .1 lor the most vttluublo tweiro owe iloeces in greaso: niakiug Mr. Bottirigton by for tho largest prize taker V; at tho late show, he having soored six to any ono else's . three. — ftvwicle Avgus, . Bowels op Oomi'assiok,— A oitizon of Columbus, Umo, has do vised, bis. entire .estate in trust for a cat infirmary, whioh is to bo fitted with every conceivable . : luxury, including a regular supply of rats. The in- ;: mutes are tq be attended by competent nurses, who, to . thoir other qualifications, -must add a practical acquaintainco with, tho accordion, in reference to . this proviso tbo testutor Bays:— "I havo all my life - been taught that everything in and about man was 'A' intended to bq tiselul, and that it is man's duty, as /.'J lord of the animals, to protect all their leaser species, oven as God protects and watches over him. For those two combined reasons— first, that my body, oven utter death , may continue, to .bo .mudo usofui s'-aad secondly, -Hint it may be made instrumental, ara$i>sa possible, in furnishing a substitute for tho nrotiWon ol tho bodies of ray dear triondsthe cats— lilo hereby devise and, bequeath- tho intestines of my badytobo luudo into flddlo-strhigs, the proceeds to bo devoted to tho purchase of.au accordion, which shall bo played in tho auditorium of the cat irilrumry bv. ono of tho rci>ular nurses ; .tho playing to bo kept up for over and ever, without cessation day or night in order that tho ' . cuts umy lmvo the privilege of always hearing and oujoying . list instrument, which is thu iioarest oppro'ach to their natural voice." 