KITCHEN PROTESTANTISM. ? . ? . , ? . ? -.. ? . ? ? ? ~ , .Since we have experienced the blessings of Purple Lodges and political Protestantism, ;?? it is entertaining to notice how frequently the advertisers for domestic servants insist Upon nationality and religion as essential qualifications. Wanted a laundress of strictly evangelical principles, or a Calvinis ?'-?.' tic cook, both of any people under the canopy of Heaven except that ' gallant ? : and sensitive and for so long persecuted' ; people, (the words in inverted commas are / .,; not Mr. Alderman G-oold's or the Rev. s. Thomas Smith's, or Mr. John Davies,' ' : or any of the other orators at the ' Protes ? tant Servant's Training School' meeting on ? Monday night— but they are the words of England's first orator, scholar and states man, Mr. Gladstone)— the people of Ireland. Every little cockney greengrocer, who has reached by unrighteous economies of everything but his h's the station in which he thinks it proper to indulge in the luxury of a domestic servant, requires that she should be an English or Scotch Pro testant. And day after day dozens of such / adyeitisements appear in the Herald, .mainly from people who would be as much embarrassed by the attendance of a really accomplished servant as poor Mr. Merdle was by his magnificent butler, or the fellow in the mediaeval legend who found out how to invoke bad spirits, but was ignorant of the for mula of their dismissal. The good little .woman whose husband is a P.P. A. mecha . ; nio or a ' Loyal Orange' small shopkeeper proclaims theliberality of herspouse's views, ' and her own wifely sympathy with his tolerance by investing in a shilling's worth of impertinence to the ' Hirish' whenever she wants a 'girl to mind her baby and sleep out.' And rarely some extremely heavy cad high up among our commercial ' - ? ??'? ' ? 1 aristocracy bids for possible political dis tinction by an emulation of this insolent vulgarity. We know that in almost every decent home in the country the majority of the female servants are Irish Ca tholics. We know that there are hun dreds of ladies and gentlemen, the Protestant mistresses and masters of those servants, who prize their devotion, their obedience, their hearty sympathy with all domestic sorrows above all things. We have heard such people express their admiration of the poor girls against whom this new cru sade of ungrarumatical and intolerant ad vertising is to be directed. Is there no chivalrous Catholic gentleman who will by the force of his character and station put down this abominable and cruel sectarianism? It would be well for such an one to advertise — as no Catholic has ever, as far as we know, advertised — for a thoroughly ' Irish Roman Catholic' servant. How loud would be the horror at such an announce ment. And yet the opposite is done a dozen times a day with impunity. In 1868 when Mr. Parkes half told us his famous ghost stoiy our brilliant contem porary, Sydney Punch, wisely foresaw who would be the sufferers by that distin guished man's spiritual experiences. Let us recall the affecting conclusion of an article of date September, 1868, to our readers. Thus spoke Mr. Punch : — Every man of us will be suspecting his neigh bour. Mr. Punch's friend, Brown, has a couple of Irish servant girls in his limited establishment, wno regard crown with reverence, love Mrs. J3., and adore the children. They have played a humble but a loving part in poor B.'s little life drama of sickness— of troubleof many kinds — and have been in the shadow and the^sun with Brown . Once they were with him and comforted him by devotion and tenderness and the heartiness of their sympathy, when death came like a wolf and took out of poor B.'s fold one little lamb. Well, there they are. 'But,' says Brown, 'they maybe Fenians for all I know. They may know of this Kiama murder of Parkes's. How the deuce,' says Brown, 'can I trust Tom (aged 9) with a girl who may be the sister or the sweetheart of a wretch who is up to his eyes in the new crime ?' And there are a good many Browns. Forgotten the night watchings — the service of love unpurchaseable — the tenderness outside the weekly wage ! And remembered only the words of Parkes ! Oh, reader of this page do you not see how terrible will be the in justice — the brutal wrong — bhe irreparable mischief to thousands of helpless, sinless crea tures, if we are compelled to answer with Eosencrantz— ' Where the dead body is lestowed we cannot get from him' The humorist was prophetic. And the end was even sadder than he had antici pated. For after our enemies were proved to be liars, their lies lived and flourished. 