EAItLY RECOLLECTIONS OP YASS. FIIOM THE DIAH OP A LATE DIGGER. " The earns nnrl toils nnd necessities of common life nro the great tonchors of common Bonsc ; nor cnn thoro bo tiny olfoclivo school of sobor rcnson whoro theso nro oxcludod. Whoovor, either by olovntion of rank or peculiarity of habits, lives far roraovod from this kind of tuition rnroly mnkos much profinieriry in that excellent quality of tho intelleeb. A man ivho has littlo or nothing to do with other men on torms of opon and froo equality, needs the nativo senso of Jive, to behave himself with only n fair avorago of propriety." So wrote an author of great eminonco. And it. agreos with tho limited experience of "the. digger," who, after a long seclusion from the world, by tho falling in of tho drive, hns provi dentially oscnped smotheration, nnd onco rnoro nppoars nraong his fellow-mon. Sad to relate, whilo I was shut ont from tho world, tho villain ous wolf montionod in a former chapter "rushod" tho tent, and madosnd havoc with the pot-liqnor. After clearing away tho debris of tho wrook made by tho wolf, I found mysolf singing thoold ditty — "Begone dull care, I pray thee bogono from mo ; Begone dull care, Yon and I cnn nevor agree." Having rovivod my spirits with tho old song, I lighted my moorschaum, and snt down to reflect on oldtimos andoldacqunintnncos, and tho happy days of yore, when Yass and I were young. Many years ago throo men sorvnnts camo to resido with ngontlomnn whoso memory I revere. Ho was one of thoso noblo, gonorons spirits that attract, but nevor repel. . One who treated his inferiors nnd dopondonts as mon and brethren, without undno familiarity, nnd theroby gainorl tho affection of all. It is an old saying that bnd servants make bnd masters, nnd there can ho no donbt this holds good in many ensos. But tho truth must ho told, it iB just as ofton the rovorso. But to my subjoct — tho first of tho throo I shall name Sam. Snm was an Englishman. Thore is Bomothing in tho character of n real John Bull which makes him an interesting fellow — a little too mncb given to boast of tho "tight littlo island," n pnrdnnnhlo concoit. But if properly mnnngod, on tho wholo ho is n fino sample of tho human race. Ho stands in tho foromost rank of his kind, a fino spooimon intellectually nnd phy sically of tho hnmnn nninial. Sam was a fuir samplo of the breed, gonorons, hold, and good-natured. " Raised " in ono of the midland countios, he possessed all tho characteristics of his class. Standing five feet nino or ton inchos high, mnscnlnr nnd athletic, full of fnn nnd dovilmont. Frolic would bo a hotter torm, nt lonst among modern fastidiousness. Sam had boon a poachor in the "old country know nil about snaros, gins, rabbit nnts, nnd so forth, and had "bngged" many a brnco of the squire's gamo without permission. Caught at last, a county magistrate sent him to sessions. The judge nt sessions recommended him kindly to the Homo Secretary, nnd that functionary ns kindly provided Sam with a froo passngo in ono of her Majesty's transports. On arriving in Sydnoy he found his way to tho place indicated. Tho socond of tho throo was n littlo, cantankerous manikin, scarcely fivo foot high, nnd considered himself quite able to thrash "Chang, tho giant," and cut off his hond with his own carving knife. Tho last was a Scotchmnn from tho " north countiio." Who on onrth invontod that saying — "canny Scotchman ?" If it means a love of pelf, ono that would clutch nt " siller," honost or not, honost, nnd grnsp it with tho tonacity of a Daniel Dnncor— if this bo what is intondod by tho expression, "I swear by nil -that's, swearing worth," that thoro is not anything can lie farthor from the truth. That thoro nrn such Scotclunoii is abund antly ovidont. Yet for ono of those "sicker" Scotchmen, you will find twenty ns free, generous, nnd, if you 1 ilea, ns improvident ns any other people under tho sun — mon who would share their last shilling and their last loaf with thoir fellow-man in distress, without asking whore ho was horn. In all the social iiPTuira uf lifo Scotchmen nevor do anything by halves. For example. Scotclunoii never tipple, tliny drink, or let it ulono, and do both without' asking ntiyjL. body's opinion about tho inntler, or caring a straw what others may think of that or any other part of thoir conduct. If yon find a mean Scot shun him as you would a loadod pistol; or a mad dog ; approach liiin ns cnrofully ns you would walk on tho brink of tho crater of Etna or Vesuvius. Should you moot a high-minded Scot, you will find him open-hearted and gonorons to a fault. Proud as Lucifor — ono who nevor dccoivo.s n friend nor fears nil onomy. Slow to form friendship, hut whon onco formed it will ho tho fault of tho' opposite party if it ho broken ; onco broken, you might ns well think to rido to tho mooii on a byciclo ns to renew it on tho old bnsis. Tho world is not linlf so had ns it is described. It hns improved, and is improving, whatovor may be said to tho contrary by mon who look on the smiling faco of imtnro through stained glnss, judging ovory thing nnd overybody by their. own nnrrow and gloomy thoughts, nnd novor looking nt tho bright side of God's glorious creation, nor mounting up with tho song birds to carol nt hoavon's gate, hut continue grovolling among the clods of tho valley. In nil my wundorings — in all my intercourse with my follow-mon, I hnvo found priori . indifferent, nnd hurl men f,.nm an pares 01 tno world ; Hut I declare that I novor mot but two unmitigated scoundrols in my jonrnoy through lifo, nnd ono was n Scotchman and tho other a Welshman. I saw tho ono on his doath-hed, and would fain givo his history for tho benefit of mankind. But it is too villainous and black for my pon, nnd I shall not dishonour poor frail humanity by recording it. Let him rost in peace 1 This is a long digrossion. Sum had a troublesome neighbour— ono of thoso pests in socioty that cannot well ho got rid of, yot ovorybody complains of them, for thoy cause many honrt-burnings and ninny suspicions, 0. was ono of thoso posts. Nothing was too hot or too hoavy for him. Nothing camo nmiss, from an axo to a sheet of bnrk off your skillion. Ho possessed a perfect museum of nil sorts, from a noodlo to an anchor; and being a butchor, ho had opportunities in going his rounds. Sam had missed his mustor's axo repoatodly, nnd rosolvod to punish tho dolinquont, and callod his master to n conforonco on tho subject, for thoy know well who was tho rogue, although thoro was no diroct proof. Hnving met, Snm made his project known, and said, " I intend to have ono of C.'a fat wethors for the axo." "But how will yon do it ? " asked ono. " ITo sloops, against tho slabs, and tho slinop ore folded on tile opposito sido." "Loavo that to mo," said Sam. " you go down, call 0. out, and keep him in a yarn ; Fll soon have tho 'jombnek.'" Accordingly, down thoy wont, nnd drow C. out, whilo Sum in tho dark holiiiid tho honso throw one of the wotliors ovor his shoulder, ns-if it had boon a kitten, and was off like u " red-shank." In n few minutos Sam had tho flooco off, and wont ofl to 0., and asked him in a whisper if ho would "stand fence " for a fat wothor ? " Ilavo yon got ono," said .tho roguo ? "The," was the roply. "Where did yon got him?" asked tho knave. "II. 0. B.'s? fetch him down." Down ho came, C. pronounced him a lino follow, paid tho money (shaop woro 18s. per head then). C., I snpposo, would givo nbout half-price, fn a few minutes the carcass was dressed, and hung up as prime fat mnttnn.. Judge C.'s astonishment whon ho found that ho had been "sold;" ami had pur chased and killed ono of lim own I at wethers Thus was tho "hitter bitten," ami Sam next morning joeringly told him to take it "out of tho nxe. gum still lives, t.ho Imad of a family, hut, whether tho ghost of tho shoep or tho mutton walks round his bed-post during tho iii"ht season," I have not found out, " Bo honest, not «>"ly because ' honesty iH the best policy,' hut tcemiso it is a duty duo to God uiid mail.' Tho heart that cnn he gratified by dishonest gains tho lunhition .that, can he satisfied by dishonest means, the mind that can ho devoted to dishonor purposes, must ho of tho worst order.'' HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.— rJInntluInr »wcllinRR In the throat, neuralgia th> dolmeux, rheumntHm, cout, lumhugo, nnd other diseases afTuctint! the glands, muscles, and nerves of mn- satinn are permanently erndiratcd by thin healing anli-fchrilo and soothing preparation Jt is nlso a perfect remedy for all skin dis eases. ami every kind of superficial inflammation ; which soon loso their angry nnd painful character under this invaluable Ointment. Th" Pills have never been administered either by hospital or privnto practitioner in dyspopda or liver complaint without producing tho desired reiulL 