THINGS IN GENERAL. Mdst people have heard of the Yankeo who for a bet was to throw a person clear over a certain river, and who in essaying to do so plunged his victim several times s into the cold water, declaring meanwhile, and taking off his coat, that he would do it if he tried till next morning. I having said I would write something about scandal and gossip, will do so if I also try till morning, although goodness knows in approaching such a ticklish subject I exceedingly fear and quake. I mentioned that I had a scheme in my head for re ducing scandal to rule, in fact to make it d an institution with laws for its regulation and officers for its guidance. I regret, however, to say that with the best inten tions I have not had time to get my plau so "ship shape" as to present it to an appreciative public at present. I have no desire to stake my constructive reputa tions on a half formed project, so I i_ respectfully beg for a little more time. al I can, however, without revealing too much, give a scanty outline of what I Spropose doing, and of thie machinery which will be brought to play to insure success. It will be evidenlt to persons of a discernment that at the very foundation d of such a scheme as mine mast be a know t ledge of the different degrees of gossip and scandal to be dealt with. There e must be a graduated scale, showing the value of any particular piece of.small talk in a mischievous sense,and the ability k of the propagator thereof in the tricks of the science, such as the contemptuous i monosylable, curl of the lip, cock of the nose, to the ifurtively communicated r anlalunm nagnatelmn. Those of course who would stand highest in such a society d as I am about to initiate, are those who do most mischief-females generally of a certain age and venemous temper-old, d tough and wiry dames on whose hands time hangs heavily for want of excitement, isand those blessed with appendages called d husbands. The latter can at times com mand an immense fund of scandal, for as the lords of their bosoms usually feel m a natural pleasure in communicating small and trifling occurrences of an Ir amusing kind, these go the round imme diately of their clique or circle, gaining te in piquancy as they pass along. such as to these would be invaluable in a gossip club, nt as if they only coaxed and wheedled their d spouses morning, noon, and night, they Swould be certain to get something out of Er the poor wretches for the sake of peace. The grades of scandalmongers are so n, numerous that I will not go further at it- present, save to mention the young people in who are being carefully trained to the business (for scandal and detraction are businesses with some folk) who are he essential in my scheme as scouts to nt report every tittle of news they hear is to their superior officers. For example, I beard yesterday that a gentleman in S Sale was to be immediately married to n- three different ladies (happy man l) e Very well, the duty of the young scouts would be to find out the right one-to I pry-report and watch, until they have d found out something, which of course would be dealt with tby the superiors of y the society. I know it will be a difficult thing to graduate small talk, but I will S ire an instance of what I should place . under the head of mild. It is simply a conversation I overheard in my own de lightful suburban retreat, which for the p resent I will denominate Chit-Chat r Villa. A friend called upon my wife last week to make a hurried visit, and after the usual facetious remarks, about a the weather led forth as follows: is Visitor.-My dear, what doyou thinkP a. Fitzstump is to take the last of the ia Frump's off her mother's hands at last I h After all the mancouvering for Crumps, to a have to put up with him and his small if pay n Angel Wife.-And glad enough they f ought to be to get the girl so well mar e ried. They can't give hier a penny, and t she's no. beauty 1 Out do you think it's i all settled P Vi.--Oh, yes. The wedding dresses i are to be had from IMelbourne. Such an I expense ; and they are over head and ears in debt I L I Angel W.-I will go this afternoon a I and just see if Mrs Dumps has heard- e e she is sure to know-and she'll know lwha ii the dresses are to be. I wonder how a I many bridesmaids she'll have P k Vim.-If you can find out let me know h at once. lie showed my Juliana great c attention this winter, and I should cer. i tainly refuse if they invited her to he one a of the bridesmaids, as I do not waqt her b I to be crowed over by tfat nasty thing. I I Have you heard about Miss Lump? (here a so ies of sagacious nods, winks, frowns. &:,). They say she has gone i anav tor-well for change of air! (a short leuh). A-hem Angel W.-W- ell, really I don't know what she wants with change of air, for Sthe last time 1 saw her 1 thought she looked remarkably stout. Does Mr Mump's professional duties lead him that Swar ? I have heard he had an uncle thelre. Vis.-Uncle ? TWell, perhaps he has. "What kind of uncle, my dear ? Angel W.--Oh, really you are too bad ! V.--Well, I must be off-good-lbe. I will look in and tell you if I hear any thing further about the wedding. (return iag, mysteriously whispers); have you heard that hlie drinks! Angel W.-Who, my dear; Fitz stumps? Vt~.-Hush ; yes! I was told so on excellent authority. Angel W.-Well, she has a fine thing before her. It's a pity someone can't let her knose. Vis.-Ah, poor thing-its melancholy ; he-be-good-bye. So off she goes; bless her ! to repeat the same story, likely enough embhellishied, about tihe drinking habits of the bride groom in prospective--who, by the way, does not drink at all. You see from this little sample of nild talk what I have to deal with, but I have no space for enlarg. sin further at present, but when I ap point the President and officers, I do be. I lieve you will give me credit for acumen or, at all events, for having done something for the good of socrety. The only thing I am in doubt about is the Presidency. and I thir.k a good plan would be to put it to the ballot and let the clacks of the town settle it amongst themselves. At all events I will let the matter rest till next week. I will be glad to receive suggestions if any one will favour me prepaid, my address being Chit Chat Villa, as I have already men tioned. Goot worts ! good cabbages I Such was the exclamation of honest Fluellea, when taunted wrth his pronunciation of certain sentences of English. There are lots of " goot worts" since his time, and I have just seen one which, by the mass, would puzzle I think even Mr Booth. I will give'the sentence in full, that the reader may be the better able to trans late it-so, "Be it as it may be, lihe is his own executioner, a heautontinmorom. meros." That's from the Argus, good people, and isn't it clear as mud I'll stake all I possess in the world-and that is not much-that there is not a metaphysician in Sale but it will overthrow with the exception per. haps of one. Is it a new word for suicide? If it is I don't like it. It takes too much paper, is fatiguing to spell, requiring too great an effort of the mind-so no more of it. I see by the papers that a genius at Sandhurst lately thoughtproperto launch out in a tirade aguinst the newspaper re porters, and that they marked thelr sonse of the indignity by leaving the "halls of dazzling light' in a body. I admire that pluck for there are some ignorant, pom pous boors of men who think a reporter is no better than a piece of dirt at their feet to be contemptuously kicked. I have seen that, but thank goodness never having had the task imposed upon me (not having the brains, I presume, nor the chance) of licking into shape a quan tity of incoherent balderdash such as is spoken by people generally belonging to the class of the " wealthy lower orders.' I cau be patient. Lord! how the culprit M'Coll will be flayed and served up by every newspaper in the colonies I would not be hiru for a good deal, and unless lie Ihas a rhlinocrous hide he will be made to know what a tremendous ass lie lieas made of himself. The papers.recently have been teeming with ghost stories and I have culled one or two choice ones. I keep them by me to read aloud on a stormy night to my wife who hates them., I .accidentally found that out, and now when. there is more talk than I care about, I just say " Bythe-bye I saw another paragraph relating to a most extraordinary and mysterious occurrence," and immediately there is silence and a head smothered tip. But really there is a good deal to be asid of these supernatural appearances be. coming so common, but my space is filled. I therefore stop, content with having directed the attention of husbands who may have timid and talkative wives to my new dodge. 29th July, 1871. Were it not that I lose a week's pay, I would not regret your " crowding out" (oh I how I hate the words when my purse is low) my "article" several times for I have been " as tmelancholy as a jib oat" from a variety of causes-principally pecuniary-to sulch a degree as to banish what few ideas I had left. But I trust you will publish the manuscript you have In hand as I consider it of social im portance, whether you do or not-that's flat. At all events, the promises I made I will faithfully keep, and that's more than I would say for all of the gentlemen who have been plastering the papers with election addresses. May I ask rf all the persons whlo bare lhad their names printed -actually printed-subscribe to the' lriyerP They ought-for the honour sometimes of having ones name in type is great. I remember when I first saw mine in the pages of a newspaper-it was on a Friday thow well tie dayis impressed upon my menmory), I had to appear before a justice of the pence. Some one had lost a pair of trousers off a line, and I, poor wretch, having a pair precisely simnilar, was "taken up" by a constable with that precipitancy peculiar to his class, and so itrnme to pass that my name wnas printed. I will not follow that pain ful subject further than to say that a more siraular case of mistaken identity Irhas soldom been Iearond of, and that 1 had nactuarlly to deliver up to my great dis comfort, and wi:h a shock to my sense of propriety thIe articles for whrch 1 had given an I.O.U., besides being sent -, 1 I will say no more. Q.E.D. Sale.* 