THE NOVELIST. SOME CHAPTERS PROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFFRY HAMLYN THE LAST GLEAM BEFORE THE STORM. But with us, who were staying down at Major Buck- ley's, a fortnight passed on so pleasantly that the horror of poor Lee's murder began to wear off, and we were getting once more as merry and careless as though we were living in the old times of profound peace. Sometimes we would think of poor Mary Hawker, at her lonely watch up at the forest station ; but that or any other unpleasant subject was soon driven out of our heads by Captain Desborough, who had come back with six troopers, declared the country in a state of siege, proclaimed martial law, and kept us all laughing and amused from daylight to dark. Captain Brentwood and his daughter Alice (the transcendently beautiful !) had come up, and were staying there. Jim and his friend Halbert were still away, but were daily expected. I never passed a pleasanter time in my life than during that fortnight's lull between the storms. " Begorra (that's a Scotch expression, Miss Brent wood, but very forcible)," said Captain Desborough, " I owe you more than I can ever repay for buying out the Donovans. That .girl Lesbia Burke would have forcibly abducted me, and married me against my will, if she hadn't had to follow the rest of the family to Port Philip. "A fine woman, too," said Captain Brentwood. " I'd have called her a little coarse myself," said Desborough. " One of the finest, strangest sights I ever saw in my life," resumed Captain Brentwood, " was on the morning I came to take possession. None of the family were left but Murtagh Donovan and Miss Burke. I rode over from Buckley's, aud when I came to the door Donovan took me by the arm, and saying ' whisht', led me into the sitting-room. There, in front of the empty fire-place, crouched down on the floor, bareheaded, with her beautiful hair hanging about her shoulders, sat Miss Burke. Every now and then she would utter the strangest low wailing cry you ever heard ; a cry, by Jove, sir, that went straight to your heart. I turned to Donovan and whispered, ' Is she ill?' and he whispered again, 'Her heart's broke at leaving the old place where she's lived so long. She's raising the keena over the cold hearthstone. It's the way of the Burkes.' I don't know when I was so affected in my life. Somehow, that exquisite line came to my remembrance And the hare shall kindle on the cold heartstone, and I went back quietly with Donovan and, by Jove, sir, when we came out the great ass had the tears running down his cheeks. I have always felt kindly to that man since." " Ah, Captain,"' said Desborough, " with all our vanity and absurdity, we Irish have good warm hearts under our waistcoats. We are the first nation in the world, sir, saving the Jews." This was late in the afternoon of a temperate spring day. We were watching Desborough as he was giving the finishing touches to a beautiful water-colour drawing. " Doctor," he said, " come and pass your opinion." "I think you have done admirably, Captain," said the Doctor ; " you have given one a splendid idea of distance in the way you have toned down the plain from the grey appearance it has ten miles off to the rich, delicate green it shows close to us. And your mountain, too, is most aerial. You would make an artist." " I am not altogether displeased with my work, Doctor, if you, who never flatter, can praise it with the orignial before you. How exceedingly beautiful tho evening tones are becoming." Wo looked across the plain-; the stretch of grass I have described was lying before one like a waveless sea, from the horizon of which rose the square abrupt sided mass of basalt which years ago wo had named the Organ-hill, from the regular fluted columns of which it was composed. On most occasions, as seen from Major Buckley's, it appeared a dim mass of pearly grey, but to- night, in the clear frosty air, it was of a rich purple, shining on the most prominent angles with a dull golden light. " The more I look at that noble fire temple the more I admire it," said the Doctor. "It is'one of the most majestic objects I ever beheld." " It is not unlike Staffa," said Desborough. " There come two travellers." Two dots appeared crawling over the plain, and making for the river. For a few minutes Alice could not be brought to see them, but when she did, she declared that it was Jim and Halbert. "You have good eyes, my love," said her father, " to see what does not exist. Jim's horse is black, and Halbert's roan, and those two men are both on grey horses." " The wish was present to the thought, father," she replied, laughing. " I wonder what is keeping him away from us so long ? If he is to go to India, I should like to see him as much as possible." " My dear," said her father, " when he went off with Halbert to see the Markhams, I told him that if he liked to go on to Sydney, he could go if Halbert went with him, and draw on the agent for what money he wanted. By his being so long away, I con- clude he has done so, and that he is probably at this moment getting a lesson at billiards from Halbert before going to dinner. I shall have a nice account from the agent just now, of cash advanced to J. Brentwood, Esq. " I don't think Jim's extravagant, papa," said Alice. "My dear," said Captain Brentwood, "you do him injustice. He hasn't had the chance. I must say, considering his limited opportunities, he has spent as much money on horses, saddlery,&c.;, as any young gentleman on this country side. Eh, Sam?" " Well, sir," said Sam, Jim spends his money, but he generally makes pretty good investments in the horse line." " Such as that sweet-tempered useful animal Stam- pedo," replied the Captain, laughing, " who nearly killed a groom, and staked himself trying to leap out of the stock-yard the second day he had him. Well, never mind ; Jim's a good boy. and I am proud of him. I am in some hope that this Sydney journey will satisfy his wandering propensities for the present, and that we may keep him at home. I wish he would fall in love with somebody, providing she wasn't old enough to be his grandmother. Couldn't you send him a letter of introduction to some of your old schoolfellows, Miss Puss ? There was one of them, I remember, I fell in love with myself one time when I came to see you : Miss Green, I think it was. She was very nearly being your mamma-in-law, my dear." " Why, she is a year younger than me," said Alice, "and, oh goodness, such a temper? She threw the selections from Beethoven at Signor Smitherini, and had bread and water-melon for two days for it. Serve her right !" " I have had a narrow escape, then," replied the father. " But we shall see who these two people are immediately, for they are crossing the river." When the two travellers rose again in sight on the near bank of the river, one of them was seen galloping forward, waving his hat. " I knew it was Jim," said Alice, " and on a new grey horse. I thought he would not go to Sydney. " And in a minute more she had run to meet him, and Jim was off his horse, kissing his sister, laughing, shouting, and dancing around her. "Well, father," he said, "here l am back again. Went to Sydney and stayed a week, when we met the two Marstons, and went right up to the Clarence with them. That was a pretty journey, eh? Sold the old horse, and bought this one. I've got heaps to tell you, sister, about what I've seen. I went home, and only stayed ten minutes ; when I heard you were here, I came right on." " I am glad to see you back, Mr. Halbert," said Major Buckley. I hope you have had a pleasant journey. You have met Captain Desborough ?" " Captain Desborough, how are you ?" says Jim. " I am very glad to see you. But, between you and I, you're always a bird of ill-omen. Whose pig's dead now ? What brings you back ? I thought wo should be rid of you by this time." "But you are not rid of me Jackanapes," said Desborough, laughing. " But I'll tell you what, Jim, there is really something wrong, my boy, and I'm glad to see you back." And he told him all the news. Jim grew very serious. "Well," said he, "I'm glad to be home again ; and I'm glad, too, to see you here. One feels safer when you're in the way. We must put a cheerful face on the matter, and not frighten the women. I have bought such a beautiful brace of pistols in Sydney. I hope I may never have the chance to use them in this country. Why, there's Cecil Mayford and Mrs. Buckley coming down the garden, and Charley Hawker, too. Why, Major, you've got all the world here to welcome us." The young men were soon busy disoussing the merits of Jim's new horse, and examining with great admira- tion his splendid new pistols. Charley Hawker, poor boy ! made a mental resolution to go to Sydney, and also come back with a new grey horse, and a pair of pistols moro resplendent than Jim's. And then they went in to get ready for dinner. When Jim unpacked his valise, he produced a pretty bracelet for his sister, and a stockwhip for Sam. On the latter article he was very eloquent. "Sam, my boy," said he, "there is not such another in the country. If was made by the celebrated Bill Mossman of the Upper Hunter, the greatest swearer at bullocks, and the most accomplished whip-maker on the Sydney side. He makes only one in six months, and he makes it a favour to let you have it for five pounds. You can take a piece of bark off a blue gum, big enough for a canoe, with one cut of it. There's a fine of two pounds for cracking one within a mile of Government House, they make auch a row. A man the other day cracked one of them on the South Head, and broke the windows in Pitt-street." "You're improving, master Jim." said Charles Hawker. "You'll soon be as good a hand at a yarn as Hamlyn'sDick." At tho same time he wrote down a stockwhip, similar to this one, on the tablets of his memory, to be procured on his projected visit to Sydney. That evening we all sat listening to Jim's adventures ; and pleasantly enough he told them, with not a little humorous exaggeration. It is always pleasant to hear a young fellow telling his first impressions of new things and scenes, which have been so long familiar to our selves ; but Jim had really a very good power of narra- tion, and he kept us laughing and amused till long after the usual hour for going to bed. Next day we had a pleasant ride, all of us, down the banks of the river. The weather was slightly frosty, and the air clear and elastic. As we followed the wind- ings of the noble rushing stream, at a height of seldom was busy pointing out the alternations of primitive sandstone and slate, and the great streams of volcanic bluestone which had poured from various points towards the deep glen in which the river flowed. Here, he would tell us, was formerly a lofty cascade, and a lake abovo it, but tho river had worn through the sandstone bar, drained the lake, leaving nothing of the waterfall but two lofty cliffs, and a rapid. There again had como down a lava-stream from Mirngish, which, cooled by the waters of the river, had stopped, aud, accumulating, formed the lofty overhanging clift! on which we stood. He showed us how tho fern-trees grew only in the still sheltered elbows facing north ward, where the sun raised a warm steam from the river, and the cold south wind could not penetrate. He gathered for Mrs. Buckley a bouquet of the tender sweet scented yellow oxalis, the winter flower of Aus- tralia, and showed us the copper-lizard basking on the red rooks, so like the stone on which he lay, that one could scarce see him till a metallic gleam betrayed him as he slipped to his lair. And we, the elder of the party, who followed the Doctor's handsome little brown mare, kept our ears open, and spoke little,-but gave ourselves fully up to tho enjoyment of his learning and eloquence. But the Doctor did not absorb the whole party ; far from it. He had a rival. All the young mon, and Miss Alice besides, were grouped round Captain Des borough. Frequently we elders, deep in some Old Woild history of theDootor's, would be disturbed by a ringing peal of laughter from the other party, and then the Doctor would laugh, and wo would all join; not that we had heard the joke but]from sheer sympathy with the hilarity of the young folks, Desborough was making himself agreeable, and who could do it better ? He was telling the most outrageous of Irish stories, and making, on purpose, the most outrageous of Irish bulls. After a shout of laughter, louder than the rest, the Doctor remarked "That's better for.ithom than geology-eh, Mrs. Buckley.?" " And so my grandmother," we heard Desborough say, " waxed mighty wrath, and she up with her gold headed walking stick in tho middle of Sackville-street, and says she-'Yo villain, do ye think I don't know my own Blenheim spaniel when I see him ?' ' Indeed, my lady,' says Mike, ' 'twas himself tould me he belonged to Barney.' * Who tould you ?' says sho. ' Tho dog himself tould mo, my lady.' 'Ye thief of the world,' says my aunt, ' and ye'd believe a dog before a dowager countess? Give him up, ye villain, this minute, or I'll hit yo !" These wore tho sort of stories Desborough delighted in, making them up, he often confessed, as he wont on. On this occasion, when he had done his story, they all rodo up aud joined fus, and we stood admiring the river, stretching westward in pools of gold between black cliffs, toward tho setting sun j then we turned homeward. That ovening Alice said "Now do tell mo, Captain Desborough, was that a true story about Lady Covetown's dog ?" "Truo !" said ho. " What story worth hearing over wastruo? The old lady lost her dog certainly, and claimed him of a dog-stealor in Sackville-street ; but all tho rest, my dear young lady, is historic romance." " Mr. Hamlyn ¡knows a good story," said Charley Hawker, "about Bougong Jack. Do tell it to us, TJnclo JefE." "I don't think," I said, "that it has so much foundation in fact as Captain Desborough's. But there must be some sort of truth in it, for it comes from the old hands, and shows a little moro sign of imagination than you would expect from them. It is a very stupid story too." " Do tell it," they all said. So I complied, much in the same language as I tell it now : You know that these great snow-ranges5 which tower up to tho west of us aro, farther south, of great breadth, and that none have yet forced their way from the countiy of the Ovens and the Mitta Mitta through here to Gipp's-land. Tho settlers who have just taken up that country trying to penetrate to the eastward hore towards us, find themselves stopped by a mighty granite wall. Any adventurous men, who may top that barrier, see nothing before them but ranges beyond' ranges of snow Alps, intersected by precipitous cliffs, and frightful chasms. This westward range is called the Bougongs. The blacks during summer are in the habit of coming thus far to collect and feed on the great grey moths (Bou gongs) which are found on the rocks. They used to report that afino available country lies to the east embosomed in mountains, rendered fertile by perpetual snow-fed streams. 'This is the more credible, ns it is evident that between the Bougong rang on tho west, and tho Warragong raugo on the extreme east, towards us, there is a breadth of at least eighty miles. There lived a few years ago, not very far from the Ovens-river, a curious character, by name Janies Samp son. Ho had been educated at ono of the great English universities, and was a good scholar, though ho had been forced to leave the university, and, as report went, England too, for some great irregularity, He had money, and a share in his brother-in-law's station, although he never stayed there many months in the year. He was always away at some mischief or another. No horse-race or prize-fight could go on without him, and he himself never left one of these last-mentioned gatherings without finding some one to try ^conclusions with him. Besides this, he was a great writer, and singer of comic songs, and a consum mate horseman. One fine day he carno back to his brother's station in serious trouble. Whether ho had mistaken another man's horso for his own or not, I canno't say, but, at all events, ho announced that a warrant was" out against him for liorso-stealing, and that he must go into hiding. So ho took up his quarters at a little hut of his brother-in-law's, on the ranges, inhabited only by a stock-keeper and a black boy, and kept a young lubra in pay to watch down the glen for the police. Ono morning sho came running into the hut, breath less, to say that a lieutenant and three troopers wore riding towards tho hut. Jack had just time to saddle and mount his horse before the police caught sight of him, and started after him at full speed. They hunted him into a narrow glen ; a single cattle-track, not a foot broad, led on between a swollen rocky creek, utterly impassable by horse and man, and a lofty precipice of loose broken slate, on which one would havo thought a goat could not havo found a footing. The young police lieutenant had dono his work well, and sent a trooper round to head him, so that Jack found himself between the devil and the desp sea. A tall armed trooper stood in front of him, behind was tho lieutenant, on tho right the creek, and on tho left the precipice. » They called out to him to surrender ; but, giving one look before and behind, and seeing escape was hopeless, ho hesitated not a moment, but put his horso at the cliff, and clambered up, rolling down tons of loose slate in his course. Tho lieutenant shut his eyes, expecting to seo horso and man roll down into tho oreok, and only opened thom in timo to see Jack stand for a moment on tho summit against the sky, and then disappear. He disappeared over the toil of the cliff, and so ho was lost to tho ken of white men for the space of four years. His sister and brother-in-law mourned him as dead, and mourned sincerely, for thoy, and all who know him liked him well. But at tho oud of that time, on a wild winter's night, ho carno back to them, dressed m opossum skins, with scarco a vestige of European clothing about him. His beard had grown down over his chest, and he had nearly forgotten his mother tongue, but, when speech came to him again, ho told thom a strange story. It was winter time when ho rode away. All the tablo lands wcro deep with snow ; and, whon ho had escaped tho policemen, he had crossed tho first of the great ridges on tho same night. He camped in tho . valley ho found on tho other side ; and, having his gun and some ammunition with him, he fared well. Ho was beyond tho country which had over deon trodden by whito mon, and now, for tho mero sake of adventure, ho determined to go further still, and seo if bo could cross tho groat Whito Mountains, which had hitherto been considered an insurmountable barrior. For two days ho rode over a high tablo-land, deep in snow. Hore and there, in a shallow sheltered valley, bo would find just grass enough to keep his horso alive, but nothing for himself. On tho third night ho saw \--Before him another snow-ridgo, too far off to reach 1 without rest, and, tethering his horse in a little crevice, between the rooks, he prepared to walk to and fro all night, to keep off the deadly snow sleepiness that he felt coining over him. " Let me but seo what is beyond that next ridge," he said, " and I will lie down and die." And now, as the stillness of the night oame on, and the Southern Cross began' to twinkle brilliantly above the blinding snow, he was startled once more by a sound which had fallen on his ear several times during his toilsome afternoon journey : a sound as of a sudden explosion, mingled, strangely too, with the splintering of broken glass. At first he thought it was merely the booming in his ears, or the rupture of some vessel in his bursting head. Or was it fancy ? No ; there it was again, clearer than before. That was no noise in his head, for the patient horse turned and looked toward tho place where the sound came from. Thunder ? The air was clear and frosty, and not a cloud stained the sky. There was some mystery beyond that snow-ridge worth living to see. He lived to seo it. For, an hour after daybreak next morning, he, leading his horse, stumbled over tho snow-covered rocks that bounded his view, and, when he reached tho top, there burst on his. sight a sceno that made him throw up his arms and shout aloud. Before I him, pinnacle after pinnacle towered up a mighty Alp, blazing in the morning sun. Down through a black rift on its side, wound a gleaming glacier, which hurled its shattered ice crystals over a dark cliff, into the deep profound blue of a lake, which stretched north and south, studded with green woody islets, almost as far as the eye could see. Toward the mountain tho lake looked deep and gloomy, but, on tho other side, showed many a plea sant yellow shallow, and sandy bay, while between him and the lake lay a mile or so of park-like meadow land, in the full verdure of winter. As he' looked, a vast dislocated mass of ice fell crashing from the glacior into tho lake, and solved at once tho mystery of the noises he had heard the night before. Ho descended into tho happy valley, and found a small tribe of friendly blacks, who had never before seen the face of white man, and who supposed him to be one of their own tribe, dead long ago, who had come back to them, renovated and beautified, from the other world. With these he lived a pleasant slothful life, while four years went on, forgetting all tho out side world, till his horso was dead, his gun rusted and thrown aside, and his European clothes long since replaced by the skin of the opossum and the koala. Ho had forgotten his own tongue, and had given up all thoughts of crossing again the desolate barriers of snow which divided him from civilization, when a slight incident brought back old associations to his mind and roused him from sleep. In some hunting excursion he got a slight scratch, and searching for some linen to tie it up, found in his mi-mi an old waistcoat, which he had worn when ho came into tho valley. In the lining, while tearing it up, he found a crumpled paper, a noto from his sister, written years before, full of sisterly kindness and tenderness. Ho read it again and again before he laid it down, and the next morning, collecting such small stock of provisions as he could, he started on the home ward track, and after incredible hardships reached his station. His brother-in-law tried in vain with a strong party to reach the lake, but never succeeded. What mountain it was he discovered, or what river is fed by the lake he lived on, no man knows to this day. Some say he went mad, and lived in the ranges all the timo, and that this was all a mere madman's fancy. But, whether he was mad or not then, he is sane enough now, and has married a wife, and settled down to be ono of the most thriving men in that part of tho country.* "Woll," said the Doctor, thrusting his fists deep into his breeches pockets, "I don't believe that story." "Nor I either, Doctor," I replied. "But it has amused you all for half an hour ; so let it pass." " Oh !" said tho Doctor, rather peevishly, "if you put it on those grounds, I am bound, of course, to withhold a few little criticisms I was inclined to make on its probability. I hope you won't go and pass it off as authentic, you know, because if we once begin to entertain theso sort of legends as meaning anything, the wholo history of the country becomes one great fog-bank, through which the devil himself could not find his way." "Now, for my part," said mischievous Alice, "I think it a very pretty story. And I have no doubt that it is every word of it true." " Oh, dear me, then," said the Doctor, " let us vote it true. And, while we are about it, let us believe that the Sydney ghost actually did sit on a three-rail fence, smoking its pipe, and directing an anxious crowd, of relatives where to find its body. By all moans let us believe everything wo hear." The next morning our pleasant party suffered a loss. Captain Brentwood and Alice went off home. Ho was wanted there, and all things seemed so tranquil that he thought it was foolish to stay away any longer. Cecil Mayford, too, departed, carrying with him the affectionate farewells of the whole party. His plea sant even temper, and his handsome face, had won everyone who knew him, and, though ho never talked much, yet, when ho was gone, we all missed his merry laugh, after ono of Desborough's good stories. Charley Hawker went off with him, too, and spent a few hours with Ellen Mayford, much to his satisfaction, but carno in again at night, as his mother, had prayed of him not to leave tho Major's till he had seen her again. That night, the major proposed punch, and, after Mr. Buckley had gone to bed Sam sang a song, and Des borough told a story, about a gamekeeper of his uncle's, whom tho old gentleman desired to start in an indepen dent way of business. So ho built him a new houso, and gave him a keg of whiskey, to start in tho spirit selling line. "But tho first night," said Desborough, "tho I villain finished the whiskey himself, broke tho keg, and burnt tho house down ; so my undo had to take him'back into service again after all." And after this came other stories, preposterous, and we went rather late to bed. And the next morning, too, I am afraid, wo were rather late for breakfast. Just as we were sitting down, in carno Captain Brentwood. " Hallo," said the Major ; " what brings you back so soon, old friend. Nothing tho matter, I hope ?" " Nothing but business," he replied. " I am going on to Dickson's, and I shall bo back home to-night, I hope. I am glad to find you so late, as I have had no breakfast, and-have ridden ten miles." Ho took breakfast with us and went on. Tho morn ing passed somewhat heavily, as a morning is apt to clo after sitting up lato and drinking punch. Towards noon Desborough said "Now, if anybody will confess that^he drank just threo drops too much punch last night, I will do the same. Mrs. Buckley, my dear lady, I hopo you will order plenty of palo alo for lunch." Lunch passed pleasantly enough, and afterwards the Major, tolling Sam to move a table outside into the verandah, disappeared, and soon carno back with a very ''curious" bottle of Madeira. Wo sat then in tho verandah smoking for about a quarter of an hour. * Tliis legend is said to bo among tho " Archivos" of ono of tho best North Border families. It is but little altered, sinco tho author heard it narrated at a camp-tiro, ono night, in tho westorn Port Phillip country. I remember every word that was spoken, and every trivial circumstance that happened during that quarter ; of an hour ; they are burnt into my memory as if by fire. The Doctor was raving about English poetry, as usual, saying, however, that the modern English poets, good as they were, had lost the power of melody a good deal, This tho Majorjdenied, quoting : "By torch and trumpet fast array'd." " Fifty such lines, sir, arenot worth one of Milton's,' said the Doctor. " ' Tho trumpet spako not to the armed throng.' There's melody for you ; there's a blare and a clang ; there's a-" I heard no more. Mrs. Buckley's French clock, in the house behind, chimed three quarters past one, and I heard a sound of two persons comingtquickly through the house. Can you toll the step of him who brings evil tidings ? I think I can. At all events, I felt my heart grow cold when I heard those footsteps. I heard them coming through tho house, across tho boarded floor. The one was a rapid, firm, military footstep, accompanied with the clicking of a spur, and the other was unmistakably the " pad, pad" of a black-fellow. We all turned round and looked at' tho door. Thero stood the sergeant fof Desborough's troopers, pale and silent, and close behind him, clinging to him as if for protection, was the lithe naked figuro of a blaok lad, looking from behind the sergeant, with terrified visage, first at one and then at another of us. I saw disaster in their faces, and would have held up my hand to warn him not to speak before Mrs. Buckley. But I was too late, for he had spoken, And then we sat for a minute, looking at ono another, each man seeing tho reflection of his own horrorgin his neighbour's eyes. 