THE MINORI'Y AT THE COUNCIL. Answer io Lord Acton's Letter to a German Bishop op tub Vatican Council. By William Emmanuel Von Eetteleh, Akchbisiiop oe Mayence. From the Tablet.! Lord Ac' i n has published at Beck's shop, in Nordlmgen, a letter to a German Bishop of the Vatican Conned. This writing has been sent to me, toj?eiher with a declaration, printed at the same place, of several professors, who, according to the title had met together at Nurenburg. Who this Gtrman Bisnop is, to whom the letter was or ginallv addicssed, I do not know. But I find myself called upon to make a Bhort reply to it, inasmuch us it c >n- tams views and pronouncements respecting the so-called Bishops of the minority in general which are not only erroneous, but contain incriminations and reproaches of the most unfair kind. In this I represent simply my own view. Even the introductory words compel me to join issue with them. Lord Acton begins with the proposition : " A large portion of the Catholic world honours in the minority of the Fathers of the Council the true witnesses of its belief, and will remain in the luture also inseparably united with the men whose bearing in these last events has awakened the confi dence of so many," To this he attaches the complaint that now, "when the hour of critical decision" is come, suddenly the " wished-for direction" disappears ; that is, these Bishops have become dumb after the issue of the "new articles of belief." He He would, therefore recall to remembrance the foinier words of these Bishops. Between their former speech and their present silence there is a "disturbing contrast." Nay, the words they then spoke are said to be " a pro blem, which the Bishops alone can solve." This is all distorted and unfair. le place Lord Acton has not the right to come forward as the representative " of a great portion of the Catholic world." This is a mode of speech and a phrase, even were the favourite catchwoid of the "cultured" Catholic world attached to it. Lord Acton is a disciple of Dollinger, and belongs to that only too well known direction which for some years past Dollinger lias taken. One might even be tempted to believe that the writing before us in form and contents is more Dol- linger' s than Lord Acton's ; so well ha9 the disciple imitated the master. He may there fore speak in his own name and in that of a limited number of those who share his viewB, but not in the name of a great part of l ho Catholic world. When besides this Lord Acton affects to see : in the minority of the Fathers of the Council 1 the true witnesses of the Church's belief, in . Opposition to the decision of the Council itself, he has at the same time as a Catholic no right to do this, and he shows to us an honour to ytiich we lay no claim. "True witnesses," . indeed, we are in the sense that we gave our ccrding to our most honest con viction, but we certainly make no claim to the title of infallible witnesses. Every one of us has but given his testimony in the will to submit himself without reserve to the general testimony of the infallible Church. Hence if Lord Acton is serious in maintaining that he intends to remain inseparably united with these men, he must follow them also in this submission to the authority of the Church. The complaint, therefore, that he fails to see the wished-for guidance on the part of the Bishops is groundless ; the guidance consists an the example of submiss-i m to tho utterance of the Council which are directed by the Holy Ghost, a submission which follows of itself horn a conviction of on.„'a own fallibility and the Church's infallibility. When, on the contrary, Lord Acton, instead of this, chooses to seek lus instructions in statements which were made before the decision in the course of the nego tiations, this is inadmissible, as these were far from making claim to be irreformable judg ments. It means turning everything upside down, denying to the Church the authority which belongs to her alone, and attributing it to the view of particular Bishops. Accordingly the problem, which by his assumption tlie BisliopB alone can boIvp, every catechism would tell Lord A:dton that he Bhould solve for himself. It consists in this, that the Bishops before the decision urged their view with perfect openness, and that after the decision they submitted themselves to the judgment of the Church, with as unreserved a resolution. Lord Acton's problem is just the problem of the Church's history; the problem of the fuith ; the problem which the unbelieving world stands amazed at, seeing men who joy fully submit their mind and their knowledge to a divine authority ; but a problem which ought- to have nothing enigmatical for a believ ing Christian. Alter this introduction twelve pages follow in the letter, which contains nineteen of state ments of Bishops, which are chiefly drawn from the Synopsis Ohservationnm ; that is, a short collection of written expressions of Bishops respecting the first sketch for the fourth chapter of the Constitution upon the Head oi tlio Church, which however in their destination were intended, not for publicity, but merely for the negotiations of the Council. Tuey have only reached publicity by a viola'ion of the secrecy imposed upon the negotiations. A Catholic man can therefore not appeal to them without violating his piety towards the Church. In all circles of life there are negotiations which with perfect right are for a time with drawn from publicity. The State recognizes the official secret, and punishes the servant wbo breaks it. So the Church likewise ha3 the right to withdraw for sufficient grounds her negotiations from an untimely discussion and agitution. and all conduct seems to me d honourable by which this right of the Chjurch is violated. But on this point I shall no ft enter further. As to the contents and arrangement of the passeges cited I make the following remarks : — 1\. The expressions were directed, not against the fourth chap'er of the Constitution on the Primacy, as it was at last deQnitively takim after consideration of a string of proposals by the minority, but against the first draft, which in form, contents, and range was essentially d stinct from this. It is therefore not allow able to employ these words now, as is here done, against the Dogmatic Constitution, inas much as they bore reference to an entirely different document essentially distinct from this Constitution. 2\. The passages are torn from their context. Already in the Synopsis Analy tica, from which Lord Acton mainly draws, tliey are only com municated in extracts, so that here an extract from an extract is presented to us. Many places stand in a connection in which they carry a different meaning from that which belongs to them in their original context. Other places are downright falsified. 3\. A majority of all the cited passages ex presses alarms which are directed against the opportunity of such a definition.! They often do not express the person's own opinion, but intend merely to bring o.ut with emphusiB what a reception the doctrine would find out side the Church from its opponents, and from Catholics for whoso faithful submission there was an obligation to eare. J 4\. All these expressions are not categorical assertions, but objections and difficulties, which are not put forward as insoluble, and conse quently irrefutable, but in order to occasion a thorough sifting. But if some misconceiving or untenable and erroneous statements are found among them, these are but errors of individuals, which can be by no meuns laid upon the Bishops of the minority in general. I now pass forward to the last portion of the letter. At p. 16 the author maintains, " But the minority had long ago declared, that a dogma which is defined in this manner, and a Council which defines in this manner, is null and unbinding." On this I make two remarks. First, it is inadmissible to represent the minority of Fathers in the Council as a section of a chamber which has a common programme, and in which consequently a single member can be made responsible in common for all the views and actions of the other members. This representation of the minority has given occa sion to the most unjustifiable judgments. But it is absolutely without foundation. In the so-called minority there never was a programme set up. Nor would it have been possible without a grave violation of conscience'to have had one, since each Bishop is bound to judge and to act in every case and on every question according to his individual conviction. All binding of the members of the Council by any other duty than that of following the known truth would have been a crime. It is therefore quite inadmissible, as Lord Acton has done, to put together at fancy a crowd of individual statements of Biehops, and then to make all the Bishops of the so-calle'd minority answer able for them without distinction. Rather is each Bishop only answerable for the vote which ho has given himself or subscribed with others. Secondly, it is inadmissible, and it absolutely annuls the divine order of the Church, when men who have not been present at the Council, who have only a most imperfect knowledge of the course of the Council, who in many cases only know what an utterly hostile Press has informed them about it, make use of the expla nations which single Bishops have given in the course of the negotiations respecting the condi tions of a valid Council, in order by means of them to e mtest the validity of the present When, for instance, Lord Acton (p. 5) makes an Irish Bishop say, "It (the new dogma) will be rejected by many as an unheard- of novelty, the doctrine of the Church will be held to have been altered, and therefore to be false, &c.;" — that is a falsification, since the whole preceding conditionating proposition iB left out, which runs : " If, then, the doctrine of the Pope's infallibility is raised summarily from the rank of a free opinion to a term of belief, which must be received on pain of los9 of salvation, without regard to any prepara tion, without applying any rule of foresight, it will be by many, &c.;" (Proinde si doctrina infallibililatis Summi Pontifieis a conditione sententiae liberal in dogma fidei sub dispendia salutis credendum, nulla facia prteparatioe nulla adhibita cautela, statim erigatur, rejicietur a plurimis, &c.;) The conditions here put have not been disregarded. The question was con sidered during many weeks, and a number of correcting momenta were taken into the decree to prevent misconceptions. Notes 32 and 37 are also wrongly translated. f To this belong the passages cited in the footnotes 11-12, 17, 18, 34, 37; likewise the notes 12-15, and 27, which point out that the doctrine is not contained in symbolical and catechetical books, were written in the same intention. t So, for instance, in note 12, which again is inaccurutely translated, Lord Acton makes a Bi.-hop say that "thedoetrine of the Pope'- infal libility is hitherto almost or entirely unknown in some countries to the Christian people." Bur the personal conviction of this Bishop is at the same time contained in the first statement of his opinion, where he says : " Although J myself place the opinion of the Pope's infalli bility almost on the same line with a term of faith (ut sententiam fidei proxiam agnoscam) and have always followed it and wilt follow it as the ground and standard of my conduct, und although it is very near my heart that the faithful committed to me follow it," &c.; The same holds of the Irish Bishop cited in note 6, who likewise in the first statement of liia opinion acknowledges of himself "That he lias for fifteen years inculcated this doctrine with ull zeal upon the young clergy committed to him." Council. Such a decision does not belong to a single Bisho ), much Jess to a single layman or to a single priest. Those statements of Bishops respecting the conditions of a valid Council could never have been intended to call forth a decision so unwarranted. They were warranted as statements of opinion by individual Bishops during the negotiations. But they can never be tuk,n as rules, according to which each individual may decide on the validity of the conclusions of the Council. It is out of the question that- such a proceeding can be endured in the Church. By it the very basis of the Chinch s magisterium would be destroyed, and a wide door opened to tlie most boundless licence of mdivi lunl thought. It is thus that the dealing of these priests and laymen, who set themselves up for judges of the validity of the Council and its decrees, stands in opposi- uoii witir ti e essence of the Catholic Church, resides this never yet has a Council which has been declared by the Pope himseif and so great a number of Bishops to be oecumenical, und has been recognized by the assembled Episco pate and speciully by the Bishops of the so- called minority also as such, been afterwards regarded us invalid ; never in the course of the whole history of the Church has the oecu menical validity of a Couucil, such as the present is, been contested in the Church. In the above-censured improper representa tion of the position of the members of the minority among each other, Lord Acton allows himself further the following statement : buch a picture of the "Vatican Couucil and of its work we receive from men like Schwarzen- rn-f?' j s?|ierj Uupanloup, Haynald, Ketteler, Oliliord, Purcell, Connolly, Durboy, Hefele, Strorsmayer, and Kenrick. Thus the Council judges itself by the mouth of its ablest members. 4 hey paint it as a conspiracy against divine truth and right. They declare that the new dogmas have neither been taught by the Apostles nor believed by the Fathers; that they are soul-destroying errors, in contradic tion with the pure doctrine of the Church, founded upon deeeit, an infamy for Catholics. It might be thought no decisioo could be leBS ambiguous, no language more open, no witness more competent or decisive for the conscience of the faithful. No doubt then appears any longer possible as to the view or intention of the minority. As my name is here cited among thoae of the bishops who are said, as it is given out, to have painted the Council " as a conspiracy against divine truth and right who are said to have maintained that " the new dogmas were neither taught by the Apostles nor believed by the Fathers," that they are "soul- destroying errors, in contradiction with the pure doctrine of the Chureh, founded upon deceit, and infamy for Catholics," I first of all declare against this that Lord Acton has here in unexuinpied manner spoken an untruth in putting such statements into my mouth. But 1 further declare that I have not heard such statements from other members of the so- called minority, and that I would have belonged to no assembly in which such state ments could have been made unrebuked. Such assertions remind one of the lying stories of the Allgemeine Zeitung ; but a man who means the truth seriously should not allow himself to be drawn away into making them. In the following sentence Lord Acton ventures even to cast a doubt openly upon the veracity and honesty of our intention. "Though many at the beginning," runs the first sentence of this section, " doubted neither the_ truth of their words nor the firmness of their intention, this good opinion is shaken, since particular Bishops have proclaimed the decree without a word of warning that it con tains erroneous doctrines and proceeds from an insufficient authority." And at the end " Bishops who have declared the decree to be contrary to right, the doctrine to be not that of the Church, do nothing to prevent the re ception of the same by the faithful. It is not to be wondered at if the question now presses on one, whether those imposing announce ments at Rome were justified, or meant quite seriously. Those are most unworthy suspicions, which remind one again of the structure of the most unworthy articles of a hateful Press. So then at the beginning many did not doubt either of the truth of our words or of the firmness of our intention. That presupposes that others held us from the beginning for untrue and weak. If Lord Acton means thereby the enemies of the Church, I have nothing to eay against it. But then I do not comprehend how he can speak of them in this place. But if on the other hand he speaks of the circle who share his own views, I deplore them for taking such a view of the pastors of the Church. But also these "many" are said, as it seems now, to doubt of the truth of our words and of the firmness of our intentions, because we have made known the decrees of the Council without a warning. Hence Lord Acton finds it not to be wondered at if the question presses itself, " whether those im- posing announcements in Rome were justified, or meant quite seriously." Here I turn away from these unworthy sus picions. I should like to know what other motive for our conduct in Rome could be de vised even by the enemies of the Church than that of the most honest and sincero conviction. I can therefore only deplore a Catholic, who ventures oponly to raise the doubt whether our conduct was meant "quite seriously." But for everyone who judges of our conduct from the standpoint of Catholic doctrine, there is nothing surprising in the fact that wo spoke from the most various grounds against a decree of the Council before its mission, to which we sincerely submit ourselves " after the Council has spoken." The solution of this enigma Lord Acton might have easily found in the precedents of the First Council at Juru- salem und at the later Councils, without taking refuge in such suspicions of our intention. In that First Council also a great diversity of opinion existed, and it disappeared after tlie Holy Ghost had spoken. So it has happened now also. To speak of myself per sonally, I believed myself bound to fulfil only two duties in the previous negotiations : firsr, to form for myself, with prayer and study, the most correct possiole judgment upon the ques tions before me; secondly, to give voice with the greatest decision to that which in 'his way I had learnt to bo true. Both duties I believe that I fulfilled. In this it did not occur to me to hold as infallible either my views as to the conditions of a valid Council, or my views as to the opportuneness of the decision to bo made, or my views as to the modifications which I might wish to be made in it. I gave them utterance to the Pope and to the Bishops of the Church in the conviction that, if tliey were true, they would find a confirmation in the decision of the Council through the gui dance of the Holy Ghost ; but likewise with the resolve, that if this decision should turn oui, against me, I would submit to it. All of this IoIIowb for the Catholic out of the very simple proposition that we ourselves are fallible, but the Chureh infallible. On this account I could not hesitate a moment to publish without delay the decisions of the Council in my diocese. The two following sections of the letter deal with the writing which a number of Bishops before their departure from Rome addressed to the HolyFather. In this Lord Acton finds "further steps on the part cf the stedfast Bishops plainly" intimated. By these steps he evidently means protest against the validity of the Council. But here, too, Lord Acton is in error. Not only the writing contains nothing which justified him in this interpretation, but I can also make the declaration, on the ground of the transaction in which this was determined on, and at which I was pi'esent, that such a view was not entertained, waB even expressly excluded. In fact, this last meeting was mainly called to consider whether the BishopB in question should take part in the public sitting or not. The majority was for not taking part. The honoured speaker, who first proposed the not taking part, laid before them at the same time the draft of a writing which should make known the opinion of the minority. In this, a passage occurred, which perhaps might have been interpreted as a pro test against the validity of the decrees in the public sitting so far as they might turn out against the view of the minority. On the other side, attention was immediately called to this, that such a protest was inadmissable, and as an extra-couciliar act could not be made available against the voting at the public session, since only the personal giving of votes at the public session itself could be looked upon as conciliar expressions of opinion. This remark remained without contradiction, and found its confirmation in that the meeting determined on the composition of another writing, in which every appearance of a pro test against the validity of the Council's decrees wua avoided. Lord Acton, therefore, makes here also an entirely untenable assertion, vyhich is in complete contradiction with the lacCs as stated, and he would certainly have omitted the inapplicable remark about an Archbishop, whom he maintains that he hud subseribed, but not understood the address, had he himself been better informed. I now pass on to the conclusion of Lord Acton's letter. But in order to make my remarks upon this, I must first cite the passage here. It runs : — " " If you and others have really passed over to this view, then will you have to make up for a deplorable list of errors and calumnies. R »nau Churchmen in high position were wont to say that the opposition misused its ireedom to spread abroad heresies. If tlie Bishops themselves have come at a la'e hour to this conclusion, and recognize the contrary of that which they maintained as the doctrine and law of the Church, they will inevitably feel it urgent upon them to repair the scandal which they have given. These are things which would have not only to be recalled, but to be refuted. For they were not said in vain, and have awakened conviction in the hearts of many men. The information that the Vatican Council was a long intrigue, earned into execu tion with deceit and violence, ran through the whole world. Not only the Bishops entertain the view that its proper intention was not to bring into true and genuine expression the faith of the whole Chureh, and that their proofs from Scripture and tradifion, from reason and morality, remain unrefuted. If priests and laymen now reject the decresB, that is nothing but the working of tlieir exumple, tlie echo of their episcopal words. The move ments obey the impulse which they gave it, and fallows out the course which they pre scribed for it. They are its setters in motion ; they are its natural leaders. On them it de pends whether the defence of the ancient eccle siastical organization keep firm within lawful limit and with the object of its maintenance, or whether Catholic science be compelled to a struggle which then must turn itself against the bearers ot ecclesiastical authority itself." "I believe that you will not forget your words, will not deny your work, as I place my reliance on tliose Bishops — there were Germans among them— who at the last hour of the Council reminded their colleagues that there must be persistence to the end, and that an example of courage and persoverunce must be given to the world, of which it lias so great need." Now that is a really intolerable (fer version of the truth and of the actual position. We exposed unreservedly our views in the Council and before the Council, as well re- speetii g the objects which fell under considera tion, as respecting everything which we might have to say of the kind and manner of dealing with them, In that we fulfilled a duty and aright. All that, however, happened within the Council itself. Even the pamphlets which were written were almost without exception intended only for the Fathers of the Council. This hud the effect of bringing about the most searching and many-sided examination. And now Lord Acton ventures to speak of enois and calumnies," which, in case of our sub mission, we should have to repair, of a scandal given," which we should make good. Were this view correct, tlioso Bisliops would in &11 Councils have given scandal who had divergent views, and the right course of a Council would bo a monotonous unison of voices without any opposition and any explanation. Now, that is a scheme of things which has no savour of the spirit and the value of conciliar dealings. Divergent views in a Council, even errors upon doctrinal statements, which are not yet decided, are no scandal. Even a candid and open censure of matters which might be more per fect and better, since everything which men do is not entirely without a weak point, is no scandal. A scandal would only then have happened if we had pushed our views to the extent of disobedience to the Church. It is so far from being a question of scandal that we were bound to represent our views openly, and we made our statements before the Fathers of the Council itself, but we did not invite Chris tians outside the Council to follow our views in opposition against it. If on the contrary, men have set themselves out to disfigure all the actions of the Council, to misinterpret all its statements, to throw suspicion on every - ' thing, to calumniate everything, to revile every thing, it is no fault of the Fathers of the Council. These are the men also who spread ' the report into the world, that the Vatican Council, to use Lord Acton's words, had been " a Jong intrigue, carried out with deceit and violence," exactly as just before in , Janus" and similar impostures, they had misrepre sented the Primacy itself as " a long intrigue, carried out with deceit and violence." But if Lord Acton even ventures to say, "If priests and laymen now reject the decrees, that is only the- working of their example, the echo of their episcopal words. The move ment obeys the impulse which they gave it, and follows the course which they have pre- scribled for it. They are its first movers, they are its natural leaders that again ja utterly untrue, not to use a stronger expression whieh rises to my lips, and it stands in complete con tradiction with the actual fucts. Who then knows so little the course of things in G-ermauy, as to be able with truth to say, that Dollinger and the other' professors, who stand at the head of the movement, are " the echo" of those episcopal words, that they have only obeyed " the impulse" of the Bishops, and only followed out the path prescribed by them? Who can in truth say that the Bishops are the "first movers," and "the leaders" of the direction thus taken ? It is impossible more to disfigure the actual state of tilings than is here done. On the contrary, it is a matter of fuct appa rent to all that the movement which aims at the rejection of the decrees of the Council has its origin qui to in another quarter than in the example of t,ho Bishops. That tendency which made itself felt long before, first in the notorious articles of the Allgemeine Zeitung > then in "Janus," that imposter full of hatred ' and lying against the Primacy, then in that correspondence upon the Council, that is to say, again in the Allgemeine Zeitung, has in good truth net been divested by tho Bishops and their bearing. Much rather did it attempt to mako the Bishops its catspaw; it tri umphantly announced to the world the in fluence which by little and little it exercised over the Bishops and their conduct, and resolu tions ; every freespoken word, every manly and decided step it misinterpreted, distorted, and . sought to make capital of in its own Bpirit ; in fine, has by every means blackened the Council to tho unchristian spirit of the the time, and provoked the Powers of the World against the freedom of the Council and the independence of the Church, even m matters of faith. For every Bishop who remained true to the Church it was therefore in fact a most painful situation, either to be obliged to renounce the full and free expression of his own conviction, or to risk being patLed on the back by this hostile tendency, and, according to its spirit, to be misrepresented as a man who, to use once more Lord Acton's words, considers " the Vatican Council as a long intrigue, carried out with deceit and violence." I have therefore no hesitation in declaring tho letter of Lord Acton to be a production which is crammed with zintruths and incrimina tions , and proceeds from a standpoint which belies , the simplest first principles of the Church. Can it then after all bo true that Lord Acton whispered in tho ear of the writer of " Roman letters from tho Council" in the Allgemeine Zeitung ? This letter reminds one only too much of the standpoint which those letters took up systematically against the Council. Such a supposition has sometimes been men tioned in my presence. I have always spoken againBt it, because I had too high an opinion ol Lord Acton. In any case I would ask Lord Aeton to clear up this point, should he think himself called upon to mako any reply to this writing of mine, as I Bhould otherwise find myself out of a position to give him any further answer. Veracity is tho first condition of an exchange of opinion. But I can never believe that Catholic men can maintain a sense of veracity who take any part whatever in tho attacks upon the Church in the Allgemeine Zeitung. Pi inted in capitals in the original. 