'. \ '--'v ??;' ' ', ilY -LOPGEilfS^iPE^'^;'^ : :!.: ' '.11'' [FROM OHAMBERS.S.JOBRNAIi,],.,.-;,:; . ? The alarm fram Fenian outbreaks; is too recent to'fequire any descriptioh-- he're; even/if I;lwero capable of writing 'orie'j but'raB: a] plain ? willow woman— which I am— 'I;.h'ave',no pretension to write history. I only' know, .th'at downrat'AVey mouth, as, '.well a8;,everywhero\^eiB^vii!e,lili:ere always being ; startled by Boine,' fresh report of. what the Fenians had,done, or were going ,','to do. generally the latter ; this ;waa cbmuaqn 'to all places, but we had special, interest .in them at Weymouth, because moit of ohe men-iwhen*eon- victed, were sent toPortlandji'and.! wo'soriietinaes caught a sight of them on the platform of; our station, when they were 'changed: to 'the'littJe. branch, line.' I suppose' almost ' everybody \vho reads these words knows'i'tliat, 'Pprtlancl' ' island is only two or three miles! irom. our:.towu,i'aiK'K that there. : ore . nearly: two,; thousand \ convicts thereJ They havo built the .breakwater^ !a'na made a regular castle on tho island, and., so. have done1 a great deal of; -work thereVif they never did any before they came.- ''='?' ?-' : '? ,'?'??? ?''? -rbx: :;i Now and thoh one1 escapes, .but- he is nearly always retaken directly, or ge'ts.drowried in tiding; to swim off to some boat. ' My'husoand/'Sylio'was a master-fisherman,' saw brie' drowned. Although he was a convict, miy husband 'trieU to Eave ;him, but he went down like a 'stone; not twenty yards from his skiff. My husband; was very much upset by ' it; ? for instead of being .i forbidding-looking ruffian, liko Bill.Sykes in Oliver Twist,- he was a mild-looking, 'fan-hairal young fel]q,w, who ; didn't seem above one or- two and twenty. However, my pear husbandf was drowned himself not very; long after 'tins'- j and. I have lived ever since ou a very little'.'ingomei he left me, and by letting furnished apartments in, ;the season.,' .. '.,'.,;','. . .'. '?'.'?'? -:' ???;i:-i-! '''.. ' In the' winter, Weymouth is very dullii;ana I, living alone, would almost have been glad to accommodate any one for nothing, in order to have company in the house ; so I was very pleased ' tohavea chanceof letting rajr first-floor rooms to a ', vory respectable young man, who wanted them at , a reduced rate. I had been, -with many others, to ' the station, to seo a batch o£ Fenians change for \ Portland, but wo were obliged to come back ; unsatisfied, because the railway companies would not allow any strangers in ; tahis' was the more annoying, as wo all wanted t» seo a Colonel La Troulle, a Fenian from New Orleans, who had. fought desperately when talcum, and he had been terribly hurt about the head, and rendered sense Ios3, before ho would surrender. As it happened, we wore' not able to sec him ; so weall went back as.weoame. I had been, at home about ton1 minutes, and was warming my cocoa for my suppor, when I hoard a knock, ab the street-door, and on opening it, IJ3awa very good-looking young follow — very slight, very dark, with a black moustaoho, and altogether a foreign air. He spoke English, however, 'aud said ho had been advised to apply to me for chetip apartments ; that he was not very rich ; he hacf come, to Wey mouth believing he should havo an appointment in one of the hotels— he looked $a if he would have made a capital waiter — but was disap pointed for the present. He wished to remain in the town, to be in readiness, and so iiad applied to me. I was glad he had done so,, and. offered him my rooms cheap ; he agreed to. take them, find sent for his boxes from the station at once ; he had a great deal of luggage, moire thiur most young men possess. I never had a quieter, gentler lodgor in my life than . he was ; no trouble, no noise, never out of an evening, by any chance ; and his manner was so sexft and quiet, ?that, as I used to tell him, it was more like having a girl in the house, than a man; He would laugh at this, and say the sara.e thing had often been remarked before. At first;, he seemed to make no inquiries after any situation, or to. visit his friends at all ; but after '.he had been with me about a fortnight, be went out nearly every day, and all day long. I was glad to see: that ho did so, for really he mowed h imself up in , his room so constantly, that I began to fear he: would injure his health. ? ? ? i 'What puzzled me. not a littlo was the finding: that ho spent a great part of his time on the; island — not that Portland is really an island,1 only everybody calls it so. In the winter-time, ? there cannot be a more dreary place in the -world! than Portland ; the storms seem' to raga there; fiercer and oftener than any where else ; thoroads' are bad, tho houses are small and mean, and except for tho wild romantic sea-view which' lies all around you, and the awful B ace of Portland, which no vessel can cros3, there is nothing to bo scon. My nieeo paid mo a- visits about this time, and nothing would do bub that I must go with her over tho island ; I dixl so, and, to my surprise, I saw Mr. Lewis— for 'such ?was my lodger'sname — leaning against one ot the huge blocks of stone which lie about the quairries, and gazing so thoughtfully out to sea, tha.t ho never iiuuiueu us unviug uy. xiuiii iny uueue a husband came to fetch her home, and' as he had never been to Weyruouth before, he, too, must see the island, and I must go with him and his wife. So a second time I went, and a seaond time, to my great surprise, I saw Mr. Lewis. To-day, he was talking to a tall man in plain clothes, who had Just the look of a warder out of . his uniform ; they were in the middle of the road, so Mr. Lewis might have been asking his ?way ; but I was confident, from their eager, Mrried manner, that ho was not. Yet, when he n*nnnMnii!or1 mrt \\\£x T*nian/1 Ilia nnn onri flia wavrinn ? —I am sure it was a, warder — pointed along : a path, as though ho was giving some direction, and then we lost sight of them ; but I did not forget the incident. -,'???? . -,;i^ A few nights after this, I was surprised^ 'on answering a knock at the door, to: find some one inquiring after Mr. Lewis, for Jie had never had , a visitor before. The stranger gave the; name, ? of Brown, and was at once . invited :rup-stairs. After a visit of about half-an-hour he left; and :then my lodger, who had seemed, I fancied,' to .avoid me of late, carao into my little kitchen, ;and. began, in the chatty manner which had ? anado him so pleasant, to talk about the gentle man who had just left. Ho saivil . he was connected with one of the chief hotels, and had : called to speak about an appointment. Now, I had lived iu Weymouth maid, wife, and widow for thirty-two years, and knew by sight every gentle- ' man connected with eyory hotel there, and this was none of them, Aud if my judgment was worth . anything, this man was a warder from Portland, and, what was more, was the very warder I had seen Mr. Lewis speaking with on the island. I was quite sure of this, and knew, therefore, that for some reason my lodger was deceiving me : but I reflected that every fainilv ha3 its secrete, so supposed he had his reasons for trying to mislead me. '.,...'. ' Just now a corapleto change took place in my lodger's habits, for whereas he had previously' .been the mo3fc retiring of creatures, keeping' Mmself so totally within doprs that scarcely a soul iu the street knew him, he now seemed to be never tired of hanging about the front 'door. He cleaned my windows . twice as of ten as I had ever cleaned them ; he painted my ?shutters ; he painted my flower- boxes, and was frequently trimming my flowera in them ; ?while he actually went two or three times to the ^Vhite Lion, the publichouse at the corner of our street, and drank his alo at the bar, instead of allowing the potman to bring it for him, as had hitherto been the case. I took the lihnrtv of savins? — for I was auifca old enoush to he his mother — that I hoped this last would not grow iuto a habit which might lead to harm, when, to my surprise, he burst out crying, and cried so bitterly, that I thought ho would go into{bysteric3. I tried to soothe him, and took ibis hand in mine — he had a soft and delicaie Siand too ; .but ho rose, and mastering himself by a great effort, went up to his room. In the morning, he apologised for disturbing me by his absurd ways : he had had bad news irorn homo, he said. Of courjo I told him not to think any more of such a trifle; but in my own mind I ' wondered where he got the .letters from which Shad bo upset him, as I was quite certain the post man had not been near my house all day. All this time, I had heard no more of tho situation ? he expected ; but soon after, the same stranger called again — Mr. Brown, I mean. He called very lats one night, and went straight up to lewis's room, came down in a very short time, and left without a word, as before. As I had admitted him. I had a fair chanr.o of confirminc? any opinion: ho was a warder, I was sure. He ?was a] tall big-bearded, big- whiskered and moustached man, who stood very square when he spoke to you, as a soldier does ; weather browned, as all the Portland warders are, and with a certain, quick, watchful look of the eye, which they all acquire very soon. ' Tho next morning brought a heavy fall of rain, ?with gusts of wind from the sea ; and on taking up Mr., Lewis's breakfast, I noticed tbSt he looked excited, if not wild, and I feared he had takon cold. I told him so, but he said : ' No. Tho fact is, Mra. Gerran, I must now tell you a little secret : I ammarried and I expect my wife from town to-day.' ' Indeed !' I exclaimed, for I had never dreamed of such a thing. 'Yes,' he wen ton, ' aliens coining this evening, and I am a little worried to think what an unpleasant ride she will have.' 'She certainly will, poor thing,' he said; 'bufclwijldomy fiest to make'1 her ' comfortable, Mr.- Lewis.'' '1 know- youV will,' he replied. ' I thank you heartily, Mrs. Gerran. We rely on you very much.' I left him his breakfast, and went down-staira, considerably astonished by what I had heard. The weather grew worse during the day, and by night it was little short of a tempest. I often thought of tho poor young woman who was coming all the way from London on such a night ; and what made it worse was, that I* could not offer to go and meet her, for, strango to say, Mr. Lawis did not know by what tram sho would come, or whether she would travel by the Great Western or tho South-western line. It blew harder and harder ; the furious blasts of wind sw^pt through, our little street, and drove the rain before it, so as almost to blind you, if you tried to face it. There was not a gas-light which was not mown out, -iuu x ueeu uuii any wiu any was pitch dark. On such nights, I always sit and think of my poor husband, and of tho many others who earn their living on tho dreadful sea ; and I can hear nothing, attend to nothing, but the howling of the storm. So - it was no wonder that the potman knocked two or three times when ho broucht Mr. Lewis's beer, before I. heard him : and when I opened the door, it was almost blown out of my. hand by the force of the wind. 'It is a terrible night, Eobert,' I said, for he was a very civil young man, and had bem at tho White Lion for years. 'It is, indeed, ma'am,' he said; ' there's a sea on tonight that's a-flying over the Chesil Bank like yeast. They've been firing artillery on the island ; but. except now and then in a lull, you couldnt hear the guns.' ' Firing !' I said ; ' firing ! What is that for, Robert ?' ' More convicts ia offj ma'am,' was his answer ; ' and I hear there is some fellow of consequence among 'em. Poor chap ! .HoV sure to be caught such a night as this, if. ho' hasn't tumbled ovor tho face of a cliff already.' ! x uaae mm goou mguc, ana uiuaau mo uuur, still sadder in my mind than I had previously been. It always made me sorrowf ql when I heard of the poor convicts trying to escape. Whatever their faults may havo been, liberty is sweet to all of us, and very few of them over succeeded in getting away— hardly any, although many a one hod, lost his life in trying. I took the beer up to Mr. Lewis's room, and tapping at his door, said, as I generally did : 'Here is your beer, Mr. Lewis ;' and, as usual, the door was opened, and: lia t-nnir if frmn mn Tnflf,A!if! nf hfivinr* hin ln.mn burning, as was hi3 custom, his room was in com plete darkness, so that I could hardly see him, to give him tho jug, and in the gloom ho seemed to look stouter and taller than usual. He did not speak, whereas ho generally had a little joke : ?but now he took the jug in silence. I lingered for a moment ; but finding that ho did not speak, I. was going down stairs, when I thought of his wife. Mr. Lewis had almost closed the door, when I said how anxious I felt about her getting safely in through the storm, when, to my amaze ment, ho replied, without opening the door more than a few inches : ' I am much obliged for your kindness, Mrs. Gerran,' but my wife has been in tor trus nour past, i never was so astomsnea in my life. I had made two or three little pro* parations to comfort her, and felt hurt that I should not have been informed of her arrival. ' Yes,' he continued, ' she came when the wind was roaring so loudly, that you did not hear her knock. I let her in ; and as sho was tired and wet, I thought the best thing she could do was to lie down at once.' Well, perhaps it was ; but I could not help fancying that, for all that, they might havo treated me with a little more consi deration. However, I could say nothing ; and so I went to bed, and as soon as the storm would allow, to sleen. The first thing I hoard in the morning, from my milkman, was that only one of the convicts had tried to escape, and that for the present he was still at large. It was rumored in the town that it was Colonel La Troulje who had got away, .but the government people would not say much about it ; the whole place was astir, he said. Air ?daylong, I heard the same kind of tidings re peated ; and, in fact, I saw enough to con vince me that extraordinary exertions were being made to capture the runaway. ?The White Lion was searched by a party of officers, and so was a house in the same street as my own, where a number of young-men lodgers were taken. I hoard, too, that the rail ways were watched, not only at our' station, but that the trains were examined at places twenty or thirty miles out, in case the convict should have got in at some little station. It was supposed, however, that although these precautions were taken, he was still in the island, as, from his wearing tho prison dress, it would be so difficult for him to escape notice. I did not see Mr. Lewis all day, nor his wife ; but, just at twilight, I was startled by. the latter coming quietly into my little kitchen, and asking me for the milk. Sho was a pretty-looking young woman, wearing her hair in short curls : it was fair hair, and sho wa3 fair too, quiet and shy in her manner, ppcaking in a mannor so low that I could scarcely hear her. She explained that her husband bad, unfortunately, taken a severe cold, and would be obliged to keep his bed for a day or so. Of course, I offered any assistance in my power. She thanked me, and went np-stairs. When she had gone, I could do nothing .for the life of me, for many minutes, but sit and think of her ; there was an unaccountable feeltng, quite a certainty, it seemed, of having known' her before, although when or where I could not say, So strong and strango was this impression, that it was almost terrible to me, and, as I said, I could think of nothing else for a long time. However, I shook the feeling off at last, and went about my work, seeing no more of my lodger or his wife that night. ' Robert at the White Lion told me, when he brought tne supper beer, that, although it was hushed up as much as possible, yet it certainly was tho Fenian who had escaped, and that it was one of tho most desperate and ingenious escapes ever heard of. ' Not, ma'am,' he said, ' as I be lieve in any of your ingenious escapes. I do'nt be lieve in aman doing with arusty nail, or two prongs of a dinner- fork, or some such thing, infourorfive' hours, what it would take a couple of smiths all day to do with a basket of tools. It's the warders, ma'am, and they make these excuses ; . that's what it is, ma'am. ' This was tho opinion ? of Robert at tho White Lion, and I must own ; that I had, on similar occasions, heard many; people in Woymouth express themselves to the' same effect. Once or twice tho next day I saw Mrs. Lewis, and each time the impression that I had pre-1 viously met her grew (stronger ; I fancied, how- ; over, that my looking straight at her, to try and ; remember wnon it could nave oeon, disturbed ner, so I avoided doing so as much as possible, but for the life of me I could not help doing it some times. On tho following morning I had to go out for an hour or two, and when I came back I found my windows cleaned, the mould in the flower-boxes turned over, and various littlo things done, which told me that Lewis had been at work again, as indeed I found was the case. He had, unfortunately, been taken very unwell just before I came home, but previously he had been busy as usual in the front of the house, As all attempts to recapture the convict had failed, and bo there was no longer, I suppose, a hope of keeping it quiet, that night great bills were stuck up about tho town, oiiering five hundred pounds reward for tho apprehension of the Fenian colonel — for it was he, after all— and one of these bills was stuck up on an empty house just opposite my own door. I naturally got talking about it with Mrs. Lowi3 ; at least I talked, and sho .listened, for she said hardly a word, ; and at last when I struck a light to hnd something she wanted, I found she was crying. I told her I was afraid she was weak and low, that her long journey and her husband's illness had upset her, and asked her to let me make her some port wine negus tho last thing that night'.: She thanked me, but declined ; and when she went away,. the remembranco of her face, with tho tears on her cheeks, seemed ten times more familiar to mo than ever. I determined to ask Mr. Lewis, when I saw him, it his wifo had ever lived in' Weymouth, but it seemed as though 1 never should see him again. However, I did see him that evening. . I had beon upstairs for some time, and as I was looking over tho contonts of an old drawer, I was very quiet, and my lodgers thought I was out ; but presently I came down, and mot Lewis ascending, carrying a light. I was in the dark. 'Good-evening, Mr. Lewis,' I said; 'I hopo you aro better.' . . ? . He looked up and said : ' Yes ; much bettor, thank you.' He passed on, and left mo almost petrified. It was not the same man. There was tho same dark skin, moustache, hair, and whiskers ; the same clothes; but this man, although short, was taller than my lodger, de sterner expression. There was no possiblo mis take. His voice, too, was wholly different ; and I staggored, rather than walked, into my kitchen, feeling as though I had seen a ghost. I had pot strength to procure a light ; but in a few minutes Mrs. Lewis— sopt down, as I found, by her husband — came in with one. Seeing me sitting so. pale and scared, in my chair, she said : ' Are you ill, Mrs. Gerran ? My husband fears you are. ' As if a flash of lightning had suddenly pone trated all the dark places of my mind, I saw, as, she snake, the meaninp of all that had bean mysterious, and by her Face I saw sho knew her secret was revealed. Sho was my lodger: she was the Mr. Lewis I had known; Altered and changed in every respect as she was, I knew her now. Sho locked her hands together, and twisted her fingers with a nervous, frightened air,, and looked anxiously at me. 'Who — who .are you ?' I asked. ' Why are you dressed like this? Who is tho man' ? '0, Mrs. Gerran !' she cried, throwing herself down at 'forgive my deceiving you, aud still be my friend — bo my husband's friend. If you aro not kind and true to us, we are lost. Ave have no home but thin — no friend but you. It will Boon, I trust, bo different; but at this moment my poor husband is a fugitive, an outlaw, a convict, and a price is set upon hia head.' 'A price, upon his head!' I echoed. 'Is ho, then,' ? ' Yes,' she said, interrupting . me. ? although she was oobbiug as if her heart would break — 'yes, my husband is Colonel LaTroulle, tho Fenian. We are Americans, and we are only waiting for the pursuit to cool, when we shall cross to Franco, and can then easily regain our home— never moro, I trust, to leave it.' f(T»!_- ? ? 1 ? '1IF T ? ?! ,»£i'l ? xwau ujj, juy pour ueiir gm, i sum, muug uer m to a chair ; 'and believe me that no roonoy. would tempt mo to betray your husband ; f or vour sako, at any rate, I will be true to you both. I hope for your sako, too, that ho will leavo his dreadful and de3perato schemes.' ' 0 Mrs. Gerran,' she answered, 'do not think him a bloodthirsty man; there never breathed a gentler or kinder being. He was sadly deceived in the business that brought him here ; but pray, come and seo him, that lie may know he is safe, under your roof .' I went with her ; and found this' desperate Fenian quite a mild, gentlemanly person. He was full of gratitudo to me ; and although his ;lose-cut hair, now he sat without his wic, and his dark face made him look stern enougn, yet his eyes swam with genuine tears over and over again, when he spoko of his wife and her devo tion to him. Of course, evory. one can now soo how it was managed. When he was sent to Port land, his wife came down, dressed as a man, and, while lodging with me, took care to familiarise the neighbors with the fact that I had a young man lodger. One of tho warders had already been gained over— so Robert at the White Lion was not so far wrong in his guess- -and he it was with whom I had seen the supposed iix. Lewis talking, and who came to mynouse twice. On his second visit, he came to say that all was arranged, and that her husband would get away soon after dark the next night. It was, fortuna tely for tho schome, a very stormy one ; so La Troullo got past the station, and followed the Chesil Bank until he thought it safe to strike the line, and then got ovor the railway bridge with out being recognised. Ho had a large railway rug over his shoulders, which hid his convict dress ; and tho only really dangerous part of his journey was through the streets to reach my house ; but the dreadful storm cleared away all passengers, and he entered our street without having met half-a-dozen people. His wife was watching from her window, and seeing him, slipped down and opened tho street-door without my knowing anything about it. Then they re moved the stains from her face, hands, and neck, with washes which she had brought with her, and he wore a wig, made to resem ble her short curls. Poor young thing ! she showed mo such beautiful locks which she had cut off, to enable her to look more like a man : they must have been nearly a yard long, I am sure.. They thought no place was so safe as Weymouth, and they were right, for the officers were hunting all over Lon don, and Ireland, and Liverpool, and goodness knows where besides. La, Troulle showed him HP.lf a little, but not tnnlmueh . and no one ever suspected the change in my 'lodgore. : In .about a fortnight, he got quietly on board a fruit-sloop which was going back to France ; and; both he -and his wifo wrote to me when they got there, and also when they arrived at New Orleans. I don't know who the warder was, nor what he re ceived for his services : but I heard, shortly after, from Robert at the White Lion, that one of them had left Portland to go and take a very handsome public-house in London ; sol had my suspicions. l;;know that if I wanted money, which Ivam happy to say, thanks to my poor dear husband, I do not, I should only have to tell Mrs. LaTroulje, or go to the great Louse in Liverpool, oi which they gave me the card, and I could have all I wanted. ?'?.-.?'?,' 