INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. [From the Melbourne papers.] VICTORIA. BRUTAL MURDER OF A CHINAMAN. BEECHWORTH, Monday, August 28th, A most deliberate andoruel murder was committed yesterday, about two miles on tho Beechworth side of Myrtleford. Two Chinamen in a cart wore accosted by u European, who offered a shilling for a ride, which thoy agreed to give him. They had only gone about 30 yards, when ho attacked ono of tho China- men nnmed Ah Cow, and threw him out of tho cart, aftor having stunned him. A struggle than ensued between tho assailant and Ah Woo, the other China- man, who was aftorwnrds found dead in a wator-raco close to tho scono of the attack. Other parsons coming up at the time, the offender rushed up the range, having taken £40 from Ah Cow. Ah VVoo's pockets were turned inside out, but u sum of over £5 was afterwards found in his belt. Tho polios undor Inspector Smith are on the scent of the murderer. Several persons say thoy o»n identify the mun they saw running from the scene of the murder. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Saturday. There is no chango to noto in tho betting. Surbiton galloped to-day, but his perform/woo fuilod to pleusu those who went out to seo tho horses go. All of Tuit's lot went well except Florence. Warrior, Tim Whilller, and Barbollo are in good form, and Baron and Endeavour are both performing satisfactorily. Retort did a moderate gallop to-day. Mr. Dowling'8 pair went on tho tun this morning. Tho Agricultural Exhibition closed to-day. Thero will be a grund ball given in tho Exhibition Building on Tuesday next. Monday. A public meeting of gentlemon interested in the wool trado was held to-day, when it was resolved to urge the London committee to effect the changos in the wool sales recommended by Sir Daniel Cooper. Portions of the body of a nowly-born child, severed by a sharp instrumont, havo been fouud near Port Macquarie, which caused great excitoment there. The inquest was adjourned. Tho Intercolonial chnllongo shield has beon won by the Sydney Riflomen. Tho inquest on 1 be body of the unfortunate man Crawford, who was found murdered in Parramutta slroot, was resumed to day. The sale of prize stock took place to-day at tho Exhibition ground, in the presence of a largo attend- ance of stookowuera. A full court quashed Griflin's conviotion for mur- dering Lonorgun at Macleay. Auckland dates are to tho loth instant. Business is dull, pending the delivery of advices by tho mail. Tho Dutch steamer Curaçao loft Brisbane for Bowen on Saturday. Arrived.-Agnes Jessie, from Launceston. Monday Evening. Thero was a moderate amount of work dono this morning Whrrior and Misty Morn went a good s rong gallop Barbollo awoatod on the tan 1 lmence went much hotter, nnd finished up m good style , but Bylong and Surbiton did not pienso 1'ho Poarl went remarkably well, and the bp} is roported to be in line form Liltlo Dick is on tho sick list, but he will bo all right again fur the Mol bourno Cup Lady Chfdon and Uoitrico did slow work on tho tan, but II toilet did u von, good gallop, although not fast Rotort went a loti-ç s wont, an 1 larlar in 1 Grasa 1er did their work ni a fUu pico Winchs lot went hill), bul bioitlou is i nproving J L did a lung swelt, und Whuleboiio, Pyrrhus, und Hie Count wont very well, Hit is reporto 1 in queer stroot Javohn and Clanohuilio sweated, and look woll The Prophet and Lottery did slow gailops in not a vory satisfactory sty lo, Thoie is little betting, and quotations aro unnltoiod Tuesday At a meeting of the Executive it was docidod to give fresh notice to the Ponmsuliiritnd Oriental Com- pany lo terminate the uvorlaul mail contract, without prej i lice to tho notice formerly given Ihe Government intond establishing Post Omeo Savings Banks, and Mr Hill has been appointod con- troller Mr Torry his a considorablo majority in tho Xow England district A portion of tho icturns aio yet wanting The challongo shield won b} the bydnoy Rifles was exhibited to-d i), und grcatlv admired Groat excitement exists ut Gulgong respecting the new mining regulations lho frontage system is condemned Privuto advices roconed by tho mail aro of a highly satisfactory nature I hero is an upward movotnont in brandies nnl beer 1 ho markets oponed firmer A sale of sugar showed an unimportant miirkot Tho departure of tho Wonga Wonga, RMS, foi San Ti IUCISCO, via Fiji, has boan postponed until Thursday Hie Nevada (Wobb s line) will sul from Auckland for bin Francisco on the 7th proximo Some 3,000 minors ut Gulgong nav6 hold a meeting, at which thoy protested against the new regulations ol tho Government Mr Iruncis William Hill has boon nppointod oo ttrollur of tho Govern tient | Sivmgs Hunk, which is to be opened on tho 1st September Tuesday Evening Thoro was a thick mist oror Randwick this morn- ing, und tho horses went badly a cordingly Misty Morn did a fast milo gallop , and Warrior a good constitutional Surbiton did not please, but Barbollo went twice round in capital st)lo lho Count, Pvrrhus, and riorenco took slow exercise J Land Wbalebono aro doing roinnrkubly woll, tho bittet will run in tho Herb) Tho Pe- irl wont tho host of nil, und finished up vory fast with Detective , ho will bo very close up in tho Metropolit ni Tai tur and Index did good gallops, bat Lotten wont vor) unkindly Prophet, howevor, went woll , the Baron, Endeavour, and Crojdon doing slow work Captain Cook and Hnctoi had a moderato gallop, while tho Archer colt, Inn, and Grtndinastar contented thomsdvos with slow work Dowlings lot woro not out Javelin and Chinch u ho com mancad slow, but hnishod up the throe quarters ol ii milo vory fust lho hotting is-Motropohtun Warrior, 4 to 1 , Birbollo 6 to 1 , Aruma and Snowdrift, 8 to 1 , bp) and Hamlet, 12 to 1 l'curl, 14 to 1 , Surbiton, lb to 1 , Tlironro and Lottery, 20 to 1 Tho Derby-Lvon on Hamlet, 1 to I Rotort, 5 to 1 J L , o to 1 Bo itrico, 0 to 1 Prophet, 10 to 1 Javelin At present, tho chancos ol thu following «oom the best for Siturdu) - I'ha 1'nal Stakes, Whalobono , tho Presidont s Handicap, Stockwell und P)rihus , tho Dolby, Himlot, Retort, J L , the Spring btakos, Whalobono, Aruma, tho Epsom Hindicap, Stockwell, Sir William, and Misty Muru HA\, Monday A soi^uro of spirits on board tho rivor stoumor Wontworth und burge, was made to day by the Hay police, at Illilliwa Station Shearing operations mo going on briskl). SOUTH AUSTRALIA. I ADKCAIPB, Saturday. Mr. Todd, superintendent of tno tolographio i dopartmont horo, will probably bo mudo a follow of tha Royal Sooioty. A mooting of inorchants was hold to-day to arrange for largo shipmonts of vvhout to England, so as to relievo tho markot hero. Gale ninda a successful balloon ascent to.day. There hiiB boen nothing doing in wheat, and quotations aro quito nominal. Moniny. Tho body of John Smith, son of tho inspector of tho Bunk of South Australia, who was drowned a fortnight ugo, was found on Saturday floating in tho oreek nour tho Port. An inquest was hold to-day, and resulted in a vordiot of accidentally drowned. The owners of tho goods seized on tho stomnor Providence (Wentworth f), at Hay, huvo ollicinl vouchers showing that tho Now Sjuth Walus duties wore paid at Milang. Tho Supremo Court lins quashed tho conviction in the caso of The Customs v. fowmaii, in which £800 worth, of furniture was doolarod forfeited for u falso declaration of vnluo, on tho ground that tho local court had no jurisdiction in tho uiuttor, Two toa ships with now season's crop havo arrived within n few hours of each othor Tho Hon. Mr. Blyth has boan olootod member of tho Assembly hy a majority of 290 ovar the lion. Mr. Roynolds. A new trial in tho Northern Torritory caso has boon refused. Tho Colfin's Bay station, with 10,000 Bhoop, has boen sold piivntuly at Cs. Od. por bom!. Tho woulhor is very warm mid sultry. Tho wheat market is very unsottlad, and fls. would havo to bo talton to ¡tiduco business. Mr. S. Lunar has leasod tho Theatre Royal for a tonn of years. At a mooting of morchnnts hold to-iluy, tue desira- bility of shipping wheat to England wusnfuriiiod,nnd a committee was apjiointed to curry out this objoct. There has boon nothing doing in whoat to-day. Tuosdny. Tho National Marino Tnsurnnco Company's half yearly report shows net profits amounting to £3,000, mid proposos a dividend of 10 par cant., which will leave a hillanco ot £1,200 to bo carried lo tho rcsorvo fund. Tho substunco found on Coorong, known boro as minorai caoutchouc, und which was sujiposed to possess valuable quulitios, lins boon pronounced hy Dr. Hookor, of Kow, to bo a vogctahlu Kallon. At tho auction salo of toas per Emma to-day, 5,100 packages woro sold. Ghosts realised £4 3s. to £7 os. Od. ; extra fine, 2s. (Id. por lb. ; half-chests, £2 7s. Cd. to £2 18s" all low sorts ; boxes, Ids. 6d. to 19i. Od. ; orango pekoe, 1». lljd. The Legislative Council has xejectod Sutherland's Act on tho second reading. In tho Assombly the Government wore ngnin do foatod on the residence cluuso in thoir Land Bill, and it is probable thoy will drop it nltogother. Judgo Gwynne to-day sentenced Mr. Nutt, an in- solvent, to nino months' imprisonment for concealing goods which bolongcd to his estate Mr. W. S. Lyster opens a season of English opom at the Royal on tho 18th September. The Adelaide Cup will be run for on the 24th May. There has been nothing doing in wheat to-day, I and prices aro quita nominal, with a very dull market. 