^ pfe'ji gtssto. By The Author of " George Geith," "The Bace for Wealth," "City and Suburb," " Pheshe Keller," &c.; (The exclusive light of publishing A life's Assize" in South Australia has been purchased by the Proprietors of the Adelaide CHAPTER XLV1. hk. Alton's visitok. When Mrs. Pryce reached the nan, sue did not go .to the Hall door like one who, having a right, of entrance, feels no feax'to knock, and ring, but repaired rather to that aide of the mansion which looked out oyer a "Wild piece of land called The Wilderness, intersected only by a back road, or rather avenue, that led to the stable-yard. Before the stable-yard could be reached, however, the viator arrived at a gate which afforded ingress to a small court that in its turn led to the kitchens and offices of the HaU. At an inner door Mrs". Pryce rang modestly, and when, in answer to her summons, there appeared a rosy-cheeked girl, a late addition to the establishment, the widow said insinuatingly— "Is Mrs. Margold within, my dear, and could I see her ?" How, Mrs. Margold was the housekeeper, hut it was not Mrs. Margold the widow wanted to see, for once landed in that lady's snug apartment, Mrs. Pryce said— "Could you' manage to get me five minutes' falb with Mr. Alton, mid nobody be a lit wiser ?" " Lord's sake, Mrs. Pryce, what is it ? you look like one scared. What has happened ?'' Something has happened, Mrs. Maxgold, about which 1 can speak to no one but Mr. Alton. Is he within ?" " I thinlr so; but is there nothing I can get for you—a glass of wine—a glass of water—a thimbleful of spirits ?" " Let me see Mr. Alton, that is aU I want," interrupted Mrs. Pryce. "If you ran manage it without Mr. Hardell knowing." "It is something dreadful then, Mrs. Pryce?" " I do not know yet what it may be; but I am bound to teU him," answered the widow, putting her handkerchief to her eyes; whereupon the housekeeper, believing that the sooner Mr. Alton was put. in possession of the facts, the sooner her natural curiosity would, be relieved, left the room in order to ascertain if her master were disengaged, and willing to see Mrs. Pryce. i "He is," she came back to say, "in the breakfast-room, reading The Times news paper. Miss Joy—(the servants still called her so amongst themselves)—has driven over to St. Mark's, and Mr. Hardell is gone to Edin." "Mrs. Margold," observed Mrs. Piyce, solemnly, pausing on the threshold of the housekeeper's apartment, " answer me truly, were you ever able to account for that marriage?' " Do you mean Miss Joy's ? No, I never could, though he is a nice civil-spoken gentleman, and a fine preacher." "It was witchcraft," exclaimed Mrs. Pryce. "Heavenbe good to us ; is it about that you have come to Mr. Alton ?" "It is something very like it," answered Mrs. Pryce; and delighted with the impression she had already produced, she hurried along the passage to the room where Mr. Alton was awaiting her. "So you want me on particular business, Mrs. Pryce ?" he began good- humouredly, pointing to a chair; "I hope you have come to ask my advice concerning the best mode of investing a thousand pounds. Is that the difficulty ?" "No, Sir," answered Mrs. Pryce, and she smoothed out first her bonnet-strings, and then the fringe of her shawl. "I hope you have not seen any one who has persuaded you to many again?" said Mr. Alton. "I am certain Eclin could never spare you. " No, Sir," she again replied; " I have seen too much of matrimony to wish to try it a second time." " I am sorry to hear you say that, Mrs. Pryce," remarked Mr. Alton." "Oh, Sir, I hope you may not be far sorrier before I have said one-half of what I have to say;" and the widow put her handkerchief to her eyes, filling Mr. Alton's soul the while with a terrible disrest, "My good Mrs. Pryce," he commenced, soothingly, "pray calm yourself; if 1 can be of any assistance to you in your distress, I shall be most happy, only let me know." " It's not me, Mr. Alton,"she interrupted, " it's for you and yours I* am grieved and heart-broken to-day." "My dear woman, what can you mean? Me and mine !" he repeated incredulously. " You and Miss Joy—you and Miss Joy." "Has any accident happened to her; is she ill; have the ponies ran away ; has the phaeton been upset?' and he was walking towards the door when the widow begged him to be calm. " Miss Joy is well in health as far as I know, Sir; but oh!" "Mrs. Pryce," said Mr. Alton, after the fashion of a man who had grown impatient of a preface, " if you have anything to tell that concerns my daughter or myself, tell it; I can bear anything, short of her death, better than suspense." "It is a long story, Sir," Mrs. Pryce submitted. "Then the sooner you commence the sooner it will be ended," remarked Mr. Alton, a little ungraciously. Mrs. Pryce had not read much poetry in her lifetime, except such as assumed the form of valentines; hut her thoughts unconsciously paraphrased those of the not unillustrious individual who arrived at the conclusion that " Ingratitude, thy name is man l" The day was to be hers, however, she knew, and armed with this conviction, she once more smoothed down her bonnet strings, and began— "When Miss Joy—I ask pardon—Mrs. Hardell was married, it took us all by surprise." "Surely that is a veiy old story?" suggested Mr. Alton, with an assumption of indifference he was far from feeling. "It is not so long gone but that every one in Eclin can remember the wedding," retorted the widow. "True," said Mr. Alton; "pray proceed." "We wondered who the gentleman could be that—being only a curate—you were -content to take for your daughter's husband, -and " " Mrs. Pryce, whither is all this tending ?" interrupted Mr. Alton. " Sir, do you know who he is now ?" " He is, as you have said, my daughter's husband." *' And what else, Sir ?" " The Curate of Eclin." "And what else, Sir?" " A most popular preacher." " And what else, Sir ?" " Next heir to one of the finest properties in Somersetshire; but whither, Mrs. Pryce, I ask again, is all this tending?" "And what else, Sir?" She rose as she spoke, and Mr. Alton rose too. " Woman," he demanded, "what do you mean ?" "I mean ting. Sir; did it ever occur to you that your daughter's husband's name was Andrew and not Anthony, and that he had stood his trial for murder at Dumfries 1" Next moment Mrs. Pryce rang the bell violently. " Send Mrs. Margold here," she commanded; "your master is very ill indeed," "You are mistaken, Mrs. Pryce," said Mr. Alton, at this juncture, " it was only a momentary faintness, to which I have latterly been subject. Bring me a glass of ■water, Jenkins. And now, Mrs. Pryce," he said, when the man left the room, "let me ■jiha-iilr you for your intelligence and your good intentions, whilst at the same time I beg to tell you that you have been entirely misinformed." " I am sure, Sir, I am thankful to hear it. Only one day last May—a dreadful wet day it was, for certain—a strange gentleman (ami! into my shop, enquiring his way to the Hall, when Mr. Hardell was looking at some wools for Miss Joy—I beg pardon, Mrs. Hardell, Of course I looked to Mr Hardell; when all of a sudden the strange gentleman cried out, 'Good God! Andrew,, "how yon are changed ;' and Mr. Hardelli made answer; 'My name is not Andrew, bat! Anthony ; have you forgotten?" ■ j •'Ab I told you, Mrs. Fryce, a clear case: of mistaken identify. Put the tumbler down,; Jenkins," _added- Mr. Alton; "Aid I am! much obliged, Mrs. Margold, but 1 feel quite well again. I am sorry to have; disturbed you." i " No case of mistaken identity, Sir," said the _ widow, firmly, when the door, closed "behind footman and housekeeper; " there isj a gentleman lodging with me at the present moment, Sir, if you would only send for him, as wonld tell you the same story, and more to the back of it—how he murdered the; gentleman, and ran away with his wife, and has been preaching under another man's name for years and years, and would have' taken another man's property if the law1 would have let him ; and," rising, "Sir; I am sorry to have given offence; but wrong is wrong, and right is right; and not knowing as you was aware of the facts before, 1 made so free as to come and tell you, thinking it would be better for you. to hear the worst from a friend, though humble, than from a! foe." "1 wish you to leave this house," was all Mr. Alton's answer. "I believe you are lying J but if you are not lying, I curse you: for bringing the news you have. There, if you expected a reward, take it in that sentence, for .you will never get any other from me." " Sir, I have already had my reward; but thank you all the same." "Who has put you on to this, then?" asked Mr. Alton; but the woman declined smiletlfcourtemed, and "departed. * ^ " There will be a nice scene there before night," she considered, as, escaping the housekeeper and Jenkins, she let herself out hy the hall-door. "He had better have married some one in his own walk of life. Murdered or not, 1 would have been true to him." Which was doubtful, as are the tempers and the tongues of women. Concerning them who shall prophesy to day what they may do to-morrow ? Mrs. Fryce had at all events wreaked her revenge, and walked home contentedly through the woods, her silk dress rustling amongst the fallen leaves as it had rustled after she left Andrew HardelL .Left to himself, Mr. Alton marvelled what he should do. Hot for one instant did he disbelieve Mrs. Pryce's tale. On the contrary, it carried conviction with it. His daughter's husband was Andrew Hardell; the present owner of the Somersetshire property was Anthony Hardell. Pull it, twist it, look at it as he would, he could put no other construction on the narrative. "He has deceived me from the begin ning," he thought, " but he shall deceive me no more." All the man's long-suffering patience—all the years he had served God so faithfully— all the time he hadstruggled against the only real love his life had known—alkthe tender ness he -had lavished on Joy—these things were forgotten. In the scales of worldly justice they were bat as a feather's weight when pitted against the sin of concealment now brought home to him. "He was a murderer," thought Mr. Alton. "A murderer, he married my child; a murderer, he has lived under my roof. Well, it shall never cover the three of us again. I will tell him I now know all, and then " Mr. Alton did not even mentally finish his sentence, which, however, meant for Andrew farewell to every hope his poor life yet held —farewell to wife and child and home. The hour was close at hand—the minutes that were bearing it to him hurried along—whilst he, still trusting he might yet keep the enemy at bay a little longer, walked on under the autumnal sky unconscious of its ap proach. But how was Mr. Alton to compass that final interview ?—there was the question— how without Joy's participation ? She must leave for London, he decided— leave, if possible, before her husband's, return. Andrew, he knew, intended walking over to Great Garbon, where he had some business to transact with his Rector. When he went to Garten he usually dined with Mr. Weymer, returning home about ten or eleven o'clock. "If he do that to-day," considered Mr. Alton, "Joy shall be away before his return. I can have no parting interview. She must never look upon his face again." And he sat in his room considering how he should most easily be able to get her away, until his daughter returned, and came into the apartment looking bright and beautiful as ever. • "Oh! papa," she exclaimed, "why are you not out? It is such a lovely day—so crisp and clear—and But what is the matter?" she added, after an abrupt pause. Are yon ill 2 Papa, dear, what is it 2" She was kneeling by bis side in a moment, with her arms twined around his neck and her eyes lifted curiously to his face. " What is it?" she repeated; "has anything hap pened?—where is Anthony?—something is wrong with Harry ?" "Your husband has gone down to Garten, and the boy is well," he answered, with an effort. " Then what is it, papa?—are you ill?— has any trouble fallen upon yon ?" " Yes, my dear," he said; "the greatest trouble of my life, not excepting your mother's death, has come to me this day." " And can I do nothing ?" she asked, her eyes brimfullof tears and her lips qnivering with fear and sympathy. "Yes," was the reply; "there is no one who can heln me hnt von." " Then surely you know you have but to tell me what to do, and I will do it." For a moment he hesitated. She did not comprehend what die was promising; she could not, of coarse, guess what he demanded at her hands. He was dear to her, but there was another dearer still, and he was a murderer J . That thought decided him. "Joy," he began, "if I asked a great sacrifice at your hands—if I required almost as marvellous a faith as Isaac must have felt in his father—should you be able to take or to give it ?" "I hope so," she answered, bravely enough, though her face was deadly pale and her voice subdued almost to a whisper. •' What is it you want me to do—father ?" "Not much at present," was his answer. "I only want you to go to London by the first train you can catch—take a letter fqr me to my solicitor; then go to Mrs. Desmond's, and remain with her for the* night. Most probably I shall join you to morrow, and then we must go to Paris together. I want you to ask no questions, and to speak on this subject to no person rill I give you permission to do so." " 0f course Anthony knows ?" "I have not seen him since the news arrived. I will explain everything to him fully on his return." She looked at her father uncertainly for a moment, then she said, lying her head on his shoulder— "Dear, there is nothing I would not do for you and my husband, so I will go. Only say it is nothing very, very dreadful that has happened." "My darling, God only can fell." " When did you say you would come ?" "To-morrow, without fail. And, Joy, I do not wish yon to take your maid—she would only prove an incumbrance to us." " Very well. I will desire her to pack a few things for me." "Bing, then. Do not leave me, Joy. I cannot bear you to be out of my sight." And so she sat beside him, holding his hand in hers, till Jenkins entered to say the carriage Mr. Alton had ordered round was ready. " Are you coining with me to the station ?" she enquired. "Of course. The idea,. Joy, of asking such a question." "I did not know. You seem so ill—so utterly prostrated. Oh ! papa, do not send me away; let me stay with you, and we will all bear this trouble together, whatever it may be." " You can only help me to bear it, Joy, by doing as I request.'' " Then Twill go. Tell- Anthony I could not help it—but of coursehe will know that; Where is Harry ?—1 must kss him before I leave." _' "He is asleep, ma'am," said.the maid, who stood in • the hall with her mistressh shawl hung over her arm. " Then do not wake him," exclaimed Mr. Alton, hurriedly. " You will see him again in a day or two, Joy. My dear," he added, laying his hand on her arm as she was about to run up into the nursery, "pray do as I ask you and he hurried her into the carriage, and bade the coachman drive fast in order to catch the afternoon express to London. Joy did not ask a question as they drove along—she sat silent, leaning back,.marvel ling what it could all mean. Never once did she connect this trouble with her husband; but die was utterly, hopelessly at a loss to conceive what the grief might be that hadfallen so suddenly upon her father. When the Station was reached, however— and she seated in a compartment alone, and l|r. Alton standing on the platform counting the moments to her departure—she put her head out of the window, and said softly— " Papa, do tellme all about it." But he only shook his head, with an expression of such wretchedness in his face as brought the tears rolling one by one down Joy's face. "My dear, do not," he entreated. "Do you thinfc- Isaac behaved any Tetter !" she asked, trying to smile—but it was the very ghost of a smile. " Do not jest about it, darling," he said, as the train moved slowly oflj "bat pray God to help us." She waved her hand to him in answer, and the next moment he stood alone on ' the platform watching the express bearing her away. 