MAGAZINES FOR MARCH. THE CORN-IIILIJ opens with Herve Riel, a poem by Kobert Browning, which, Uko most of Air. Brown- ing's poems, displays much power of original think- ing, and a knack »f rhyming indicative of the bard's mastery of his art. The poet received £100 for his production, nnd gavo it to tho fund for tho relief of aufferors by tho war. Thia circumstance alono would ho sufficient to render criticism lenient ; but such leniency is not needed in tho prosent instance, na tho poem ÍB essentially excellent. It tells how Herve lliol, a simplo Breton sailor, who had been prcBsed by Tourville into tho Borvico of his country, saved tho French fleet from destruction by his skill in what may bo termed topographical seamanship. O'er tho sea and at tho Hague, sixteen hundred ninety-two, Did tho English light tte french-woo to Franco ! A ntl the thirtv-flrat ot May, helter-skelter through tho blue, Lilco a crowd of frightened porpoises a sho*l of sharks pursue, Cania crowding ship on ship to St. Malo on thc Itance, With tho English fleet in view. 'Twas tho squadron that escaped, with tho victor in full chase; First and foremost of tho drovo, la his great ship Datnfrc vlllo ; Closo on him fled great and small, Twenty-two good ships in all ; And they signalled to tho placo. Help the v.inBers of a race I Get us guidance, give us harbour, take usquick-or quicker still Herc's tho English cm and will. Then tho pilots ot the place put out brisk and leapt on board : " Why what hope or chunco have ships Uko these to pass ? ' laughed they ; " Hocks to starboard, rocks to port, all tho passage scarred ; Shall tho I'ormidabic hero, with her twelve and eighty gunn, Think to make tho river mouth by the singlo narrow way, Trust to ent«r where 'tis ticklish for to enter for a craft of twenty tons ; And with flow at full beside! Now 'tis slackest ebb of tldo. Reach tho mooring ? rather say, Whilo rock stands, or water runs. Not a ship will leave the bay 1" A council was culled, and it wns agreed that ratter than the English should lend the French fleet in tow into Plymouth Sound, each captain should run his vessel on shore, blow hor up, and burn hor. In this emorgency Hervo Kiel presents himself. And "what mocltory, or what malice have we hero?" cries Hervo lliol : "Aro you mad, you Maloulns? ¿re you cowards, fools, or rogues : Talk to me of rocks and shoals, mo who took the soundings tell. On my lingers tvery bank, every shallow, every swoll, 'Twixt tho Ofling hero and tirovo whoro tho river dlsera bogues ? Aro you bought by English gold ? Is it lovo tho lying's for ? Morn and eve, night and day, How I piloted your bay. Entered freo and anchord'd fast at tho foot of Solidor. Burn the fleet and ruin Franco? That wore worso than fifty Hogues." Sirs, they know I speak tho truth ! Sirs, believe me, thoro's a way, Only let mo lead the line, Have the bl.gcst ship to steer. They yiold him the command, and ask h!m -to «arve the squadron, nnd soon Tho peri!, see, is past, All aro harboured to the lost. And just as Herve Kiel hollas " Anchor 1" sure as fate, Up the English come, too late. They wish to reward him, and the captain says to him, in tones of gratitude and admiration : " Ask to heart's content and have." But the brave Breton sailor was not to bo rowarded with money, so Then a beam of fun outbrako On the boarded mouth that spake. As tho honest heart laughed through Those frank eyes of Breton blue ; Since I needs must say my say, Stace on board the duty'B done, And (rem Malo Hoads to Croisie Folnt, what is it but a run? Since 'tis ask and have I may Since tho others go ashore Come I a good old holiday 1 Leave ta go and soo my wife whom I call tho Bello Auroro ! That ho asked, that he got, nothing moro. Two hundred years after the performance of tho deed, the English hard chronicles tho hero's fame, although ungrateful Franco has preserved.no record of it. Name and deed alike aro lost ; Not a pillar nor a post Im his crolslo keeps al Ivo tho feat as it befel ; Not a head in white or bisele, On a singlo fishing srñack, In memory of the man, but for whom had gono to wrock, Ail that Franco saved from tho fight whenco England bore tho bell- co to Paris ; rank on rank < Search tho heroes hung pell mell, On the Louvro faco and Hank ; Von shall look long enough ero you como to Herve Biol, ño for better and for worse, , Hervo Kiel accept my veno 1 ¡ In my verso, Jlorvo Kiel, do thou once more, . Bavo tho squadron, honour Franco, lovo thy Vt He, tho Belle Auroro Daniel Defoe nnd Nathaniel Hawthorne are excel- lent papers, presenting a sharp, cleanly cut outlino of tho main features in the characters of each. After showing that the descent from Defoe's great romaneo of Robinson Crusoe to tho oppresBi'vo atmosphere of his minor novels, is great indeed, tho writer Bays that " lovo, in tho highest meaning of the word, waa unknown to Defoe, and is not therefore pourtrayed in his novols. Ho wrote only of what ho knew, and of this ho knew nothing-. His women aro without' grace, without purity, without dignity, they are oven w ithout passion ; and when led astray aro not influenced by their affections, but by a love of greed. Thoir aims aro mercenary, their manners loose, their language common-place ; they are are wholly desti- tute of sentiment and of the charm of poetry. But they act and speak like living beings, instead of moving like puppets. Tho truth, of the likenesses roconoiles us to their coarseness.How clear-sighted this man -was, what abundant energy ho possessed, how willingly ho sacrificed privata emolument for tho public good, with what oheorful nesB he turned tho moat adverso circumstances to practical account, how Btrong he was in the invin- cible ardour of an heroic soul ! Forget tho six fatal letters and you will acknowledge that a braver and nobler specimen of English manhood never walked this island ; remembering thom sorrowfully as you needs must, and whilo perplexed at tho unrighteous conduct of a righteous man, you uro content to con- fess you do not understand tho inconsistency, and to accept as compensation the virtues of a lifo." Speaking of Hawthorne's appreciation of the humor- ous, the writer avers th»t he had seen him " marvel- lously moved to fun, and no man laughed more heartily in his way ovor a good story. Wiso and witty Professor Holmes always had tho talismanic faculty of breaking up that thoughtfully sad face into mirthful waves ; and I remember how Haw- thorne writhed with hilarious delight over Professor Lowell's account of a butcher, who remarked that 'Idees had got afloat ia tho public mind with respect to sassingers.' I once told him of a young woman who brought in a manuscript and said, as she placed it in my hands, * I don't know what to do with myself sometimes, I'm so filled with mammoth thoughts.' A series of convulsivo efforts to suppress explosive laughter followed, which I romomber to this day." Our readers ought to peruse both these papers. " Christian names in England and "Wales," " National Educntion in India," " Lord Kilgohbin," the " Lady Isabella," and tho "Adventures of. Harry Richmond," cmmpleto tho number, and aro all worth reading. MACMILLAN'S MAGAZINE has various thoughtful papors this month. Tho opening articlo by the Rev. Canon Kingsloy will bo extensively road and deeply pondered on by a largo section of thinkers. The rev. writer avows himself an orthodox priest of tho Church of England, und ho views tho progress of science from the standpoint of Church of England orthodoxy. The articlo is elaborate, and takes up a variety of debateablo points on which opinions differ as widely aa possible. Tho tone and stylo of it may bo judged of by tho following extract : "For nothing ia moro clear-nay is it not urged ugnin uni uguin us a blot on ¡ácripture '(-that it reveals a God not merely of lovo but of sternness a God in whose oyes physical pain is not tho worst of evils, nor animal lifo (too often miscalled human lifo) tho most precious of objects ; a God who destroys when it seems fit to Him, and that whole- sale, and seemingly without cither pity or discrimi- nation, .nan, woman, and child, visiting the sins of tho fathers on the children, making tho land empty and bare, and destroying from off it man and beast ? This is tho God of the Old Testament. And if any say (us is too often rashly said) this is not the God ot tho New, I answer, but have you read your Now Testament ? nave you read tho latter chapters of St. Matthew ? Havo you read the opening of tho Epistlo to tho Romans ? Have you read tho Book of Revelations ? If so, will you say that tho God of tho Now Testament is, compared with tho God of tho Old, less awful, lesa destructivo, and thorcforo less like tho Being-granting always that thero is such a Being-who presides over Nature und her destructive powers ? It ia an awful problem. But tho writers of the Biblo havo faced it valiantly. Physical science ia facing it valiantly new. There- fore, natural theology may face it likewise." But the Canon forgets, or rather ignores tho fact that science is gradually removing the cuuseB of the pluguo-J, pestilences, and famines which wera for- merly attributed to tho direct action of tho Almighty. If Heaven sends tho cholera, or fever, or small-pox, or any other of tho ills to which flesh is heir, to sweep off men, women, and children in ono indis- criminate ruin, sur&ly; man cannot arrest His pur poso, or stay His hand ? Tho fact that men do thus stay what would otherwiao ontail destruction on mankind is a proof that tho theology which attri- butes tho natural evils of lifo to the action of Deity must bo radically bad. In addition to tho Canon's paper, Macmillan's contains " Tho United States of Europe," " Education of Engineers," " England's Defence against Herself," "Euther Hyacinthe," and "Patt}-," chapters from ll to 17, ali of which aro worth reading. GOOD Worms Fort THC YOUNO ha3 several excel- lent stories, amongst which tho " Tho Poacher's Ferret," and " Lady Barker's Adventures," uro tho most noticeable. Our adventuress gives UB a vivid word picturo in tho following:-"A river steamboat on tho day of tho Oxford ¡ind Cambridge boatrnce will perhaps givo you an idea of tho crowd which was wedged amid boxes, mail bags, live- Btoclr, Arab" aud French soldiers on board that boat. Our first mutual consolation v.-ns, ' Oh, it will only last for a fow minutes. Wo shall reach tho Peri directly.' But wo had not allowed for tho slow progress which so dceply-ladon a vessel must mako through the wafer ; and eight bells (twelve o'clock) was just ringing out from the Peri's deck as wo bubbled and frothed up to her hugo sides. I felt so sorry for tho poor little children, they were all so sleepy and tired ; nnd it must huvo been wreLchcd for them to bo handed from one placo to another at midnight. If you had been theic, yon never would have for- gotten the noise and confusion attending tho trans- fer of ourselves and our belongings from tho Firefly to the Peri. No words of mino can give you any idoa of it. Tho Arabs mako a frightful jabbering about everything, so you may imagino how thoy ohattored and screamed on a great occasion like the present. Then, two hundred passengers do not easily settle down in a new ship without some noiso attending their movements. The coal barges wero in tho act of leaving tho vessel as wo approached, and their crows wero yelling adieus and reproaches at the pitch of their voices. £ wonder wo did not tun'blo into tho water, for wo wero all drivon over a narrow, unsteady bridge, liko a flock of sheop. I know that I soized tho boatswain's extended hand, and clasped it firmly until I felt myself Bnfo on bourd tho good ship Peri. Tho noiso did not seem to diminish, even after wo had boen bundled down into tho saloon. ' Which is my cabin ?' ' Whero is No. 44 ?' 'There is somebody in No. 131' 'Stew- ard !' ' Stewardess 1' ' Whore is tho purser ?'_ * Whore is tho captain ?' These aro only a few of tho questions shrieked out amid the uproar. Tho stewardesses, two "in numbor, wero nowhere to be found until tho middlo of tho noxt day, and it was currently roportcd thoy had gono to bod a little tipsy. Tho captain was said to havo retired to his cabin with a bad toothache, and I forgot what excuso wus mado for the purser's absence. I can only remember Beeing ono steward amid tho crowd of despairing and excited passengers. Tho poor man looked as palo as a ghost, and quito bewildered, with his hair all standing straight out on end. Whether this .was caused by horror at tho situation in which ho found himself, or by tho furious ladies' maids tugging .it his scanty locks to got him to attend to thoir requests, I know not." LONDON SOCIETY has a considerable number of 1 pleasant articles, some of which tell wholesome truths with unusual vigour. Tho following ought to be interlarded with a fow of the stock phrases of a pseudo-educational officialism, such us "moral tone," and " penetrative force," &c;, to render it palatable to tho education-mongers of our timo. It teacho3 a great truth. " You give ohildren exactly that sort of knowledge which is of httlo or no uso to them. They learn like parrots, and repeat their lessons with just as much effect. When thoy_ go out into tho world then their real schooling begins. In nine cases out of ton tho oducation thoy havo received is thrown asido as useless rubbish Though thoy havo learnt the uso of tho globes, geography, and many ] other 'graphies,' and could find their way to Tim I buctoo without tho aid of a single finger-post, they don't know how to find their way honestly to tho I end of tho passing year ; they havo no more bruins than a blackbeetle, no moro conscienco than a tura ' pike gato. I havo known others, who havo boen i quito ignorant of your educational process, who have ; grown up into honest men or women, happy them- selves, and tho causo of happineE3 in others.. Thoy havo hud tho advantage of a' good moral training, such aa your national establishments havo hitherto never attempted to give." From the Flaneur, by Mr. Yates, wo quote an appreciative opinion of tho Futuro of London, entertained by a French gentloman, who believed that tho Groat War, us somohndy coiled it, would in futuro ho tho haunt of Continental pleasuro-seokers. ""London,', said ho, " is by no means merely a dirty smoky city, tho emporium of commerce that it loved to proclaim itself years ago, any moro than tho English pooplo romain tho nation of shopkeepers they wero in Napoleon tho First'B time. The shop keoper'B havo becomo pillars of commerce, who have gone into Parliament and tho Peerage, whore thoy ara spending the fortunes which thoir fathers made. And tho town hos risen from squat habitations of hideous brick into stone, stucco, and amalgam of various orders of architecture. On the whole Regent-Btroot and Fall Mall, taken for all in all, aro tho finest streets in tho world ; and you have now tho Thames Embankment, which merely wants to bo takon in hand by soma ono with a little artistio taste to bo rendered a most charming promenade. Your Metropolitan Railway is a convenience such aa ia Paris we never had and probably never shall have. Your parks, from tho ¡rreut gaunt arid deserts which I recollect thom when I first carno over here, have become beautiful gardens, tastefully laid out, and carefully tended, not UB was our Bois, in a suburb, but scattered hero and there in tho very midst of the population. As to amusements, though you have no actors, and no dramatic authors, and though yo« plays, with tho exception of what you call * bur- lesque,' which is something too horrible to mention, are all stolen from us, yet you have in London some- times two, always one, Italian Opera, housed, pro- duced, and executed in a manner infinitely superior to anything wo have over attempted for it. What moro is wanted for the eooinl success of tho place ? Is it freedom of manners and conversation? My experience tells me that, in tho highest youthful circles of England at present, tho manners and con- versation aro quito as free as they wero in the last days of our last Empire. In extravagance, in drcEs, and license of flirtation, your grandes dames could well competo with ours ; while your ' swells,' though a little hoavior and moro solemn, are better dressed and quite as inane ns thept /t'ts crcves of tho Jockey Club. Your International Exhibition of 1871 and your Albert Hall open at n moat critical and mo3t capital timo. Paris, as it is, is humbled in the dust, and as a natural consequence will bo spurned by the pleasure-seekers. Where will they go ? To Berlin? -nover !-unless-and my friend, who is a curious mixture of tho patriot and tho citizen of the world, hissed out botwoon his teeth-Unless in marching order. To Vienna ? Impossible ! "Where then, but to London ?" ST. PAUL'S is as usual interesting, " Wilfred Cumbormede" continues to givo some fine descrip- tions of placea and scenery. A nativo of Australia, accustomed to a genial atmosphere and Bunny skies, can scarcely approciato tho truthfulness of the following little lyrio; but thoso who hail from Europe will have old memories brushed up by it. Twas in tho month of March, Thcro wero tassels on tho larch, And all tho piotly birds wore fain To pair, pair, pair. Tho lowly violet root. As wo trod It under foot. Protested by a bwcetness which Was ra-o, raro, rare. Tho leaves wero croodlcd up ' ll about tho buttercup. But tho Uttlo dp.lsy winked with Ono eye, eyo, oyo. Tho creatures nil defcrreil Every tlower and every bil J, To what tho sun was coing m Tho aky, sky, sky. Como out, como out, O sun 1 For tho Spring limo is begun, And we're all of us 010 mind with , Tho mouse, inouso, momo. If wo can but get good weather. We'll 1)0 jolly altogether, For we're very tired of living in Tho house, house, house. 