MR. C. E. JONES'S LECTURES. The Stage and the Pulpit" was the title of a lecture delivered by Mr. Jones in the Williams- town Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening. The audience numbered about 150 persons, and the lecturer was listened to with marked atten tion for nearly two hours. Mr. Jones cim?nicedi his remarks by stating that the stage had an exa. istence at a very early period in the world's his-' tory. Long before newspapers were establish'ed or printing was invented; the stage was used as a means of conveying information to the people. As might be expected, it first presented% itself'in, a rude form. :Players exhibited themselves-'in' the streets, and having collected a crowd' of per sons, gave lpublicity to what they had to say in as entertaining, a manner as they could. This was the plan adopted by Henry the Eighth to: make known his views to the people of England at the commencement of the'Reformation, .when he cut. his connection with the Pope. After this ciame Shakespeare, whose sublime inspirations appeared to have been but poorly appreciated by the coarse and vulgar audiences that filled theL play-houses of his day. The lecturer described' graphically the interior of a theatre and the 'per formances which amused the play-going public, of that period ; and proceeded to observe that not-, withstanding the advanced state of civilization at the present time, the stage was still far from what' it' should be. Seeing, however, that the people: must and would have amusements of some sort,. ie thoright it would be better for those who aimed to promote the welfare of mankind to try and im prove the stage rather than suppress it, which wasaidseless effort. AMr. Jones then referred to' the:emond part of his lecture-the pulpit. He commenced with the ministry of St. Paul and the preachers who followed. These he divided-into two classes,-men of noblehearts and minds, who wvere earnest in their work, who had gong forth in the world, with their lives in their hands, to' preach the 'gospel,. and, who had succeeded by theirpowerful eloquence in bringing thousands and tens of thousands to the light of Christianity: The other class were men who had no ability' and scacely any desire, to promoto the ,eligion. of. Jesis Christ, and who were stumbling-blocks, in the way of others. Mr. Jones gave several illus.: trations of the minnerisms of 'this class of preachers, which created roars of laughter. At the' sconcldsion, the 'lecturer resumed his seat aiids9tlpud and prolonged applausp. :. 'on Wednesday evening, Mr. Jonesgave another. lecture,, entitled "English and Asnerican Hu mour." The lecturer observed that as 'a matter of -consequence his discourse would be confeied to. th Asnglo.Saxon race,--who believed thailthey. were the finest race,the world ever. saw or.would' be 'likely'to' see., -And they certainly had; sone reason to be proud of themselves : ,Tw, hundred and 'fiftyyears "ago they numbered six millioins of people. ,:Now, 'they were estimated at something. over sixty mnillions, and were daily increasing in all parts of the world. John Bull was fond of' a joke.".He was not particular as to whom lie' laughed at, nor did he object much to be laughed at ini turn: Irishmen, Scotchmen, Welshmen'? d. Prenehmen had all 'been the subjects of English, hunonr. Ithad been said that it was next to an, impossibility to make aScotchman laugh; but he (Mr. Jones) had iecently delivered lectures in the interior of the colony where-his audiences were mostly Scotch people, and from'the manner in which'they'receiveid his jokes heo 'as of opiion thiat they" hd', been, grossly misrepresented.: Irish humour had long been proverbial, and there was no denying.that, Irish' wit was 'strikingly oex hibited animong all classes of society, both old aiind young, io' the Emerald Isle. Crossing the Atlan tic thepilgrim fathers laid the foundation of a graet nation in ':merica, whose wit was pecu.' liarly its own. . The lecturer referred to the works' of . Washington" Irving, Longfellow, and other American authors; and to the writings of Bret Harte, Mark Twain, Artemis Waid, and John Hay, th ireindering; of which' created roars of laughter..., Mr. Jones recited "'Jim Bludso, of the' Prairie Bell," in a manner whichbrought: dows' thunders of appEinso ;e and then' proceeded-, to criticise the character of Jim, who :,never flunlked or lied,"-wli F.was "keerless in his talk, and awkward in a row,"---whose only religion was to treat his engine well,--whose voice was ihear "through the hot, blacki breath of tihe biniing Sboat,"-who "saw ihis dutya dead sure thing, and went forit.thar and theni"--and whose ghost at last "went up alone in the smoke of the Prairie Bell,"'.-when every other life 'as: saved. There was a roughness in the liiimour of these writers, sad iSccasionally soniething approaching to'?pfanity; but with ill their coarseness :there w?as' i dom and genuine .wit: Every line ,po. daiced a telling effect. W<hatever was "goid' and' ennoblifig in men's lives was brouglit foith and received its meed 'of praise while, on the other' hand, our, weaknesses and vices were-:parodied' and laughed at. At the conclusion of the lecture' Mr. Jones thanked his friends for the' kind a~d' flattering manner in which he had been 'received, in Williamstown. He assured them that he ful;ly appreciated the compliment they had paid him in leaving their firesides on such a night as this to come to the Mechanics' Institute through niud and rain to spend an hour with him. Afterhe had fulfilled his engagements up-country,. he hoped to have the pleasure of again appearing before his Williamstown friends previous to.his; leaving the colony. It was his intention'to .Jro ceed .to: San Francisco, and make a toui' 'of 'th United States, after which he purposed returi ing to Vict, aA eqItg in oug rqs o uponli4 par' rich voico;'Which lieiha'tnk pai ~pui to+allt ' Hi adress?is easy and natural, and he is always at hoIme with his auinieie, and is alwways eongs g Taking him as' a whole,q'r.: Jones is oie of the best lecturers'that has ever appeared ii Willaini to:,wn . , , ...- 