TBS Q8BAT TtGTOBiAB CA8AL. Thb Grand Victorian North -Western Canal Company still mean bmanesa. Bteadity and surely tfcsffullow rathe great wwk they hare aimecessarr and aoetntfit* jg&tfe;, W7- loayaee the gurgling water* of the Upt f»ed Oiiolbam. after a trip acron the eevntj of BodneyroDming toEcbucabyth.ohamS ^ Cimpaspe River. Welcome a* the eight if the first swallow is to the frost-bound peasant of Northern Europe, will be the sight of those waters passing our doors to join the Murray. To ns they all mean something more than nnai-nr a -m-jit. deal of nracticol bread and butter lswrapped up in tbe question for our wives and children. It means wealth, health, and pros perity for this river port town of Echuca. It will bring back the good old times of plenty of work and plenty of pay. Even the loafer who will not work, and the spendthrift, it would Day to send into the field to teed swine, a boon which many stalwart fellows at the present time in Melbourne would be glad to take on tbe cations allowed to the Prodigal of old. Times are so bad at present that even this occupation is denied them. Now, tbe matter lies in a nut shell ; if irrigation and drainage will ensue a certainty of crop, and a production on one acre equal to ten acres, these plains at our door are the Lands of Promise, and the Grand Canal, with its systems of levels and drainage channels, will realise a destiny undreamt of by tbe most sanguine stump orator who ever 'pitched' in the colony. The county of Rodney, for instance, would be the first to be affected by this scheme. Let us take for granted that a tract of country 30 miles wide by 30 miles long comes under its influence— say 676,-tO0 acres. Now, of this large quantity, if we take about one-sixth- 100,000 acres to be placed under wheat, and allowing 4 - bushels to the acre (not a high but a very low average on irrigated laud) this produce of one year would be at 4s per bushel— Mississippi jrice— equal to £800,000 sterling. In the same ratio, a Cirmer having 100 acres under wheat, as above, would insure by irrigation 4000 bushels at 4s. £800 sterling. To obtain this result he would have to plough, sow, harrow, and reap. which would come to 50s per acre ; tne irriga tion 10s per acre more ; carriage to Melbourne, including cartage, ire, say 3Ds per acre, tbe whole amounting to 90s per acre, which, for one hundred acres, would be £450 sterling, leaving a balance of profit, after all expenses paid, and his wheat aboard ship at Williainstown Pier, of /360. supposing he gets no more than 4s per bushel advance (an exceptionally low ngure, taken on purpose to be ou the safe side). The yeoman of a hundred acres having shipped his wheat, opens the sluices again, on comes the water flowing amongst his stubble seven inches deep ; what was dry and white two days ago, bursts into verdure, life, and vigor. No new sowing of the ground for this crop, for as soon as the car fills and the stems are rich and succu lent, through goes the mower and his machine. The hay harvest has begun- the hay which is to fatten the lazy stall-fed beeves when the winter months come on, as well as when the wheat is growing— to say nothing of the large surplus he has at bis disposal for sale. So far we hare disposed of the wheat harvest and the hay harvest These occupy the spring and sum mer. A large part of the wheat monev has now been carefully turned in long-backed, lean store cattle. These have been eating, drinking, aud getting fat, being carefully yarded at night, for these are his great manure-makers, which manure is applied to the land in a much easier manner thau carting and spreading ; for the manure heaps being situated close to the sluice beads, is mixed in proper proportions with the water of irrigation. Nothing is lost— every- thing is used to the best advantage, and with the least amount of labor. Tbe winter sends the fat cattle into the hands of the butcher, the meat-preserver, and such other trades, whose business it is to export to the tallow, hide, and beef markets of the world. Down the railway it goes, making the Victorian rail ways a little more profitable to tbe State, reducing the taxes thereby, and benefiting all of us. 'But to come back to our sheep. We were supposing 100.000 acres to be under wheat, say iu 100 acre blocks. That would give 1000 yeomen such as our friend who sold his wheat, grew his hay, bought his cattle, and who is now selling them, and paying his stockman (who does not ride about all day), Iiis dairymaids, his farm servants, ploughmen, «fcc He sends to Echuca for his stores and his wine, and to Sandhurst for his machinery. Our friends, the coming men. will be men wlio will eat well, arinK well, ana snore well ; jolly fellows with loud voices, full pockets, and hearty shakes of the hand— men whom the ladies, ' God bless them,' like to see and smile upon, and who deserve a place in the happy hunting grounds, for they do their duty here, and leave the world better than they found it So much for one hundred acres ; so much for one hundred thousand irrigated acres. But what about tbe time, not far distant, when the 576,000 acres menaced with irrigation, at the lowestcalculation, in the county of Rodney, lying between here and Murchison, become productive % Why, the wheat trade alone would yield of over two millions per annum to the Rodney farmers, leaving their cattle, hay, and root crops out of the question. Truly there is some bread and butter wrapped up hereabout We would have more hard work and less kid-gloveum, more in dependence and lesB flunkeyism, more truth and less sham ; for on no soil do the hollow-hearted hypocrisies of every-day life, with their miser able prides, vanities, and all uncharitableness, take root and flourish as in a country where the great men of tbe land are usurers, money-lenders, and monopolists. Let the Grand Victorian North- Western Canal flow until peace, progress, and plenty cover the land as the waters cover tbe ae*.— Riverine Berate. Ebpabto Grass. — At a time when the intro duction of novel industries from the south of Europe is avowed as a branch of public policy, an extract from a letter received by a merchant in Melbourne from an English correspondent, on the subject of the cultivation of Esparto grass, is worth quoting : — ' Ton will find that in Aus tralia a premium has been offered for the culti vation of Esparto, or Sparto, grass, a material vastly need for paper-making ; grows in light sandy sail near the sea coast There are many sorts. The one called alpha, cultivated in Algeria, and the Esparto, cultivated in Spun, are best known in this market The first sell* at £7 10s end £8 10s in Thames, the other at £9 10s and £11 per ton, delivered in Kiver Thames. The cultivation of this grass interests me very much, and lam about to secure a concession in Morocco. As lone as no cheaper substitute forpaper-mak ing will be introduced, the price of Esparto will be maintained, and even rise. If yon save land in Australia suitable for this grass, and if you and your friends feel inclined to compete for tbe Government premium, I shall be pleased to send you seed to Melbourne, or wherever you wish it to be sent you. In North Africa the kind of Spartu there grown is called Rusia, the second called Arusia, the thirdcalkdMaabuk, the fourth calUdHadea. The Arasia is much sought after age. The Maabnla is used by the natives for the same purpose. The Hade* wm formerly not used, but i* now exported and mixed in manu faetan with the lint quality-' Iaaktereovi ?mnestmibeaars:- «I btiety nmtinatbat we disposed ofall oar grass already; but thin mO brfag* an ofisr torn Aluwrie for 480 ton* Bparto/gSod qwdn*. at the «&* of KV. (Bed der»Ob«3Wper]»4aiBtta«, OaMfflehmUb. Alabtia. n^Mor^oIhave received adH« thtt nearly X»0 tons have bee* brought to the coast ; nan is In tbe int«%,iad eanbe bought Mtsscm ,Qmmmmw- ; Bao*nii» i|» Ptutand TfaMtaays :— ' Unsatiafacturj nptU have been {undated in tome of the pajw* «av peeling Mr. Donald Mlnt/m Bis letter, d**t4 Dabjonally, lttb Jose, is before as. He has been shut In &r; wast of water between fwV Mailer and Ooopsr's Creek. Sea*ys:-*ifa tUBUtfat* vurter abet last year.' Ha, vat forced to *^-r» hfe asttW fr'1** **» Queensland, after U momWtasdS^ An^M as bom the vans, bat he had last the chanee of towtfh«fi? It* wfatsr mmm. An Mr. MiM-mlSl MttiUivray were advertised a* ' Missing Qaeaoaland squatters.' we are phased to find that they, after many dangers and diffi culties, are alive and well' A 'CuBiosirr' at B&bbasibm.;— The Fyi Tim** says the schooner Merlin, which arrived on i Wednesday from Levuka, brought a jar con taining the hand of a Lovoni chief, killed by the King's soldiers on the day of sailing, pre sented by King Cakobau to Mr. W. C. Garden hire. 'An anecdote that is too good to be lost is told,' says the Advertiser, ' of a clergyman well known in Geelong, who hails from that land north of the Tweed where ' bawbees' are esti mated at tbeir full value. A day or two ago this worthy divine was inspecting a new manse intended for his future accommodation, and his thoughts being evidently absorbed with the costliness of tbe undertaking, be remarked to the workmen, 'I'm surprised at your exorbitant wages ; you demand 8& and 10s. a day here, while in the old country 1 could get as good tradesmen for 33. and 4s. ' ' Aye,' promptly replied one of the masons, lifting his eyes for a moment from his chisel and mallet, and to be misunderstood, ' and in Scotland they can get plenty o' clever ministers to preach for twa bunner punds a year : what think ye o' that mon V It is needless to add that the clergyman, turning his back on an audience of faces lighted up with a Eardouic gnu, walked away in Bileoce.' Music Hath Charms.— A correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes :— A ludi crous incident happened in connection with a party of Government surveyors who some time ago were located not fifty miles from Wattle Gully. One dark evening, whilst they were engaged in a convivial chat, they were disturbed by some dismal groans proceeding from somewhere in the vicinity of their tent. They went outside and listened. AH was dark and still save the con tinued groaning, as of some person in distress and pain. ' It must be some one down a hole,' said one of the party, ' bring a light and let us look for him.' Said another, ' Quick 1 quick ! look sharp, he's dying, tbe groans are quite low.' But though they prosecuted the search for some time, their efforts to discover the hole in which tbe man was were fruitless, yet the dying groans from the poor fellow still continued, to their consternation and alarm. At this junc ture, a neighbour living close by came down, and seeing them thus, asked them what they were looking for. ' A man down a hole,' said one. 'Cant you hear the groans!' said ano ther. 'Why, quoth the neighbour, 'that's DickJ ? s practising on his tioinbone.' The reader may imagine the rest. Among the Ghosts.— What is called 'a true ghost story' comes to us from New Zealand. A Wellington paper says :— ' A few evenings ago a young lady, who occupies the same Bleeping apartment (but not the same bed) with a younger sister, had retired to rest shortly before mid night The younger sister had been asleep for some time. The elder sister's bed stuod in front of a window, at some little distance from it ; a chair stood between the bed and the window. The young lady was lying on her side, with her face to the window, on the point of dropping off to sleep, and, as she avers, without the remotest thought of ghost or goblin crossing her mind, when suddenly she became aware of something like a dim shadow being cast across her eyes ; she started, and turned quickly round to find herself confronted by a tall gentleman, dressed in black coat and trousers, wearing a white waistcoat with black spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning over her. His figure and features were clearly limned against the win dow, and she instantly recognised the face of a gentleman formerly a resident of Wellington, deceased some twelve mouths or so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear : aud filled with terror, Bhe screamed repeatedly to her sister, who after some little time awoke. The ghost disappeared at the first sound of her voice, and she was too much agitated to observe which way it went. The younger sister asked what was the matter ; the elder sister replied by desiring her to come into the other bed, and she would tell the cause of her trouble in the morning. Having lain down beside her, the younger sister continued to press tbe elder with questions as to what she baa seen or heard, at last asking her whether she had not seen a man iu tbe room. To this the elder replied that she had, when the younger rejoinder, 'Then I know who it was ; it was Sir — — ,' mentioning the name of the very man whom her sister had seen. Much surprised, the elder asked, ' Did you see him too, then f ' ' No,' said the younger ; ' but while I was asleep the impression was borne vividly on my mind that he was in tbe room.' On being subsequently questioned how she came to think that tbe party she named was in tbe room, she said she could not tell, and had not thought of him belore since his death ; but she seemed to know intuitively that he was preseut, without feeling tbe alarm that was exhibited by her sister.' A HanbbomeOffbb.— A brusque but wealthy shipowner of Sunderland, once entered tbe Loo don office of Mr. Lindsay, on business. ' Nuo is Lindsay in V' inquired the northern diamond in the rough. ' Sir f ' exclaimed the clerk to whom the inquiry was addressed. ' Well, then, is Mister Lindsay in, see'st thou 1' ' He will be in shortly,' said the clerk ; ' will you wait I ' The Snnderland shipowner intimated that he would wait, and was ushered into an adjacent room, where a person was busily engaged copying some statistics. Our Sunderland friend paced the room several times, and presently, walking to the table where the other occupant of the room was seated, took careful uoteof the writer'sdoings. The copier looked up inquiringly, when the Northeuer said, 'Thou writes a bonny hand, thou dust' 'lam clad you think so,' was tbe reply. ' Ab, thou dost ! tbou maks thy figures well ; thou'rt just the chap I want' 'Indeed,' said the Londoner. ' Yes, indeed, 'said Sunder land, 'lama man of few words. Noo, if thoul't come ower to canny auld Sunderland, thou see'st, I'll gie thee a hoondred and twenty pund a year, and that's a plum thou doesn't meet with every day in thy life, I reckon. Noo, then t? The Lon doner thanked the admirer of his penmanship most gratefully, and intimated that he would like to consult Mr. Lindsay on the subject ' Ah, that's reet,' said our honest friend, 4 that's reet; all fair and aboveboard with ? ; that's reet,' and in walked Mr. Lindsay, who cordially greeted his Babrferiand friend, after which the gentleman at the desk gravely ruse and informed Mr. Lindsay of the handsome appointment wnicn naa oeen onerea to nun in the Snnderland i-bi|Hiwner's office. ' Very' well,' said Mr. Lindsay ; ' I should be eorr/to stand in your way ; £120 U more than I can aftord to pay you in the deniftment in which you are at present placed. You will find my friend ? a good and land master ; and, uudertbe cucanuttauceN £think the sooner you know each other tbe beufT Allow me, therefore, Mr. . ? to introduce you to tbe Eight Hon. W. E. Gladstone, Her Majesty'* CbaoeMlw rf E» cbeqner. Mr Gladstone had been unking a note of some shipping returns for his budget TU6usdeda^«huwwBer, /on .May be tan, waaahttletaieaaSack at fat: bat he artou recovered bis Mlf-iKMaesHoa. «nd taio*«d^ |gkh 9t*nie as Mm ot ht. vpajpisws «a ~ - - 