CONGREGiTIONAli UNION ANB HOME MISSION SOCIETY. Annual Meeting : Tuesday, Mat 2. devotional meeting. At 10 o'clock, a fair number of ministers, delegates, and friends assembled in the Hind marsh -square Congregational Church for devo tional exercises. Tne Rev. F. W. Coi presided, and the Bevs. J. Howie, W. Wilson, and Messrs. W. Bruce, and W. Lewis engaged in prayer. BUSINESS MEETING. At 11 o'clock the ministers and delegates as sembled for business. After prayer by the Eev. John Gibson, The Cttatrman (the Bev. J. Jefferis) said, he was simply in the chair for the purpose of introducing his successor, the Rev. Charles Man thorpe, as Chairman for the year. In leaving the chair to which he was invited by their suffrages, he thanked them for the courtesy and help they had manifested towards him in the discharge of his duties. Those duties had been sufficiently light. Nothing had specially occurred to make any demand on him, by virtue of his office, ex cept with regard to the preparation of bis ad dresses, and presidency at the annual and bi annual meetings. His addresses, it would ne remembered, were on the subject of education, in order to rouse what seemed to him to be a decay of feeling upon that exceedingly important ques tion;, and although much had not resulted in the way of fruition from those addresses, he hoped something would be done by the country at large during the tenure of- his successor's office, and that he would have as happy a time in the discharge of his duties a& he (Mr. Jefferis) had had in his. ...... '. , . . The Bev. Chas. Manthorpe then took the chair. On the motion of Mr. A. Hat, M.P., seconded -toy Bev. J. Howie, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Jefferis for his ser vices as Chairman for the past year. The Rev. Mr. 'Jefferis briefly returned thanks. BAPTIST DEPUTATION. The Chairman said the Bev. John Price, of Alberton, was present as a deputation from the Baptist Association. (Cheers.) He was exceed ingly glad , to see him present, and trusted he would feel hinaself free to take part in any of the discussions and conversations that might arise during the day. At a later period, the Chairman read a letter from the Bey. J. M. Day, Chairman of the Baptist Association, expressing regret that he was unable to attend the Union meetings, but conveying the fraternal greetings of the Associa tion to the Congregational Union. PERSONAL MEMBER. The Bev. J. MacmichaeL was admitted as a personal member of the Union. . . ' ' ' BOLL OF MEMBERS. The roll was then made up as follows : — Stow Church— Bev. C. W. Evan, B.A., Messrs. A. Hay, M.P., B. Stuckey, A. Adam son, D. Bobin, Hon. A. Stow, Messrs. . W. Berry, H. Dean, W. Peacock, and W. Palmer. North Adelaide— Bev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Messrs. H. Tite, W. Bruce, E. Searle, T. Frost, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer. Hindmareh-square— Bev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. George Miller, J. S. Stacy, Edward Bonnett,. W. D. Allott, Hon. T. Beynolds, Messrs. W. C. Buik, S. Whitmore, G. Scrymgour, George Scrymgour, jun., J. A. Chartier, and J. M. Dowie. : Glenelg— Bev. C. Manthorpe, and Messrs. James Counsell, and C. Fisher. Port Adelaide -Bev. M. H. Hodge, and Msssrs. Michelmere, Grosse, W. Haddy, and J. Ballantyne. Hindmarsh — Messrs. J. Pickering, J. Mitton, J. Aston, O. C. Thomas, and S. Smith. Clayton Chapel — Bev. E. Griffiths, and Messrs. J. Tasker, G. P. Doolette, and — Bow land. High-street, Kensington — Mr. Cowman. Norwood — ttev. H. Cheetham. Gawler — Messrs. William Malcolm and James Davies. Angaston and North Bhine — Bev. John Gibson, Rev. R. Tj. Coward, and Mr. E. Keynes. ' Kapunda— Rev.: M. ' Williams,' B.A., and Messrs. W. Lewis, Di Will, andH. Kelly. '?? Ahna Plains— Rev. W. Oldham, Truro— Bev. Peter Barr. Happy Valley— Bev.. C. Hall and Mr. J. G. Klose. MaoLaren Vale— Bev. Jas. Howie, and Me8smJE. Budgen, and John. Brown. Encounter Bay, Bald Hills, and Port Victor —Bev. C. Hodge, and L. Y. Tite. Kadina— Bev. W. Wilson. Kingston— Bev. D. Milne. Silisbury^-Bev^ J. K. Ferguson. ' Port Elliot— Mr. J. W. Adams. ; Personal Members — Bev. W. Harcus, Bev. A. Scales, and Eev. J. Lloyd (of Wallaroo.) chairman's address. _ The Chairman then, delivered the following address :— ' . Oub Lives and Oub Dutt. .'? My Dear Brethren— Ass ambled this morning .as' ministers and members of the Church of Christ, our predominant feeling should be that of devout gratitude to the bountiful Giver of all good. We meet in a time of peace. ' The lkte terrible war in Europe, prosecuted to such a bitter end, has at length, terminated. As men, and as Christians, we must greatly rejoice on this account ; and though we mourn the loss of so much' valuable life, and the destruction of ,so much national property, we gratefully acknowledge that He who makes the wrath of man to praise Him, has caused these untoward events to . fall out to the furtherance of the GospeL France has had to withdraw her troops from Rome, and the Papal city is open, as it has not been for centuries, to the mes sengers of Christ, and the proclamation of a free full salvation through Him alone. Germany, we are : informed, is aroused 'by a spirit of religious activity and enquiry, and men everywhere are ready to hear about the Christ. Tfnderneath all the natural elation which; is manifested because of such unparalleled successes in war; we earnestly hope and pray that that greajt .country may retain a conscious sense of . dependence upon God ; may learn' of Him to deal tenderly and mercifully towards a fallen foe; and may never forget that it is righteousness which exalteth* a nation rather than the dear-bought victories of a battle-field. We may thank God, too, as we think of Eng land atill graciously preserved from war ; of Spain delivered from Papal bondage, and the Bible freely circulated among her people. Who has not rejoiced at the triumphs of the Gospel in Madagascar, recalling as they do the successes of Apostolic. times ? Spite of many and serious drawbacks, the prospects of Christianity were never fairer and brighter than at the present moment, so that, reviewing the past and antici pating the future, w6 do well to thank God, and take courage. Coming nearer home, we have reason gratefully to exclaim concerning this the place of ' our adoption, * Lord, Thou hast been favorable unto our land.' We have been permitted once more ta - reap an abundant Harvest, borne ot our brethren may have, to speak of the utter disap pointment, of their hopes, and of consequent privation, andj ppverty,; but, as. a whole, the people i have reason, to joy 'before God; * accord ing1 to. the joy ih: harvest.' ''We have passed: through a time of trial, but the dawn' of better days is at hand, and we would sincerely desire that the lessons learned in., adversity may be remembered in more prosperous times, that so a healthier state* of things in the political and commercial, the social and religious world, may ' peedily obtain among us. - No emotion, how ever, can in this world be perfect and nu mixed. ,Hqw:, often have we to rejoice with trembling ! How many times, while thankful, that' things are' no 'worse, have we occasion earnestly, to wish that they w^re better. 'In such case are we to-day. As a portion of the Lord's great sacramental host, we exult in the triumphs of the Gospel;. but when, we think. of the ignorance and indifference, the scepticism and immorality that still so largely prevail, vre are sensible that there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed before the world is won for Christ; and— sad thought some of .that land might have been^ already re claimed had- we only been mpre ^zealous soldiers of the Cross. As Congregationalists we nave much for which to praise God', and over whioh we may justifiably rejoice. :'W« have; not oon tended for truth and freedom in vain. Still we are riot without cause for humiliation and soli citude. To confine our Attention to what con cerns ourselves in proof and illustration, of this, I would remind you of the changes which have occurred in our ministerial ranks 'during the past year. One has died in a good old age, and gone to his grave as a shock of corn fully ripe ; another has returned to the old country, after a few years of service among us ; while three have . retired from the work of the ministry. I am sure -^ that it is scarcely necassary for me to remark that our prayers and best wishes will follow our brethren, who thrcngh age or sickness are compelled to rest from their labors. We glorify God on their behalf for the consistency of their lives and the faithfulness of their ministrations ; we are thankful that in two instances their lack of service has been so soon and so efficiently sup plied ; still we cannot but feel a measure of con cern as to the future. How are our pulpits to be filled, as one by one our ministers are taken from their work ? How are we to enter in and occupy spheres of usefulness as they open up to us ? . Some may calmly advise us to leave all to tbe I oid of the harvest. Certainly our chief dependence must be upon Him, and woe be to that Church which does not ask Him to send them a pastor after His own heart.- And yetit is our duty to use the means, and fervently pray God that he would send-forth more laborers into His harvest. God does not work miracles to spare the energies of the indolent and save the pockets of the niggardly. What are the best means to use is a question that demands our most serious consideration— Are we always to_ depend upon securing from abroad able ministers of the New Testament, or shall we do anything in the way of endeavor to find among ourselves those who duly trained, would be able usefully to serve the Churches? The sooner we fairly, fully, and devoutly consider these and other questions concerning our ministry the better. I must not, however, linger on this point, but before pas-ing on, I feel persuaded I lnayundertake'tosayforyou, as well as for myself, how unfeignedly we rejoice that our brother, the pastor of this Church, after perils by sea, and perils by land, is once more with us. May abundance of blessing be vouchsafed to him and to his people. There is no lack of subjects that might very profitably engage our attention, and /* I have felt at a loss which to select aa trie most suitable— suitable I mean by being sufficiently general to be catholic, and yet sufficiently special to he appropriate. Unquestionably we live in exciting and eventful t;mes. Every year as it revolves seems to become more and more important, and it behoves us who are put in trust with the Gospel to seek clearly to discern the signs of trie times, to study the ever-ebif t ing phases and developments of current thought, and to bring .ourselves face to face with the mental and moral specialities of our generation. Evidently if we would rightly serve and influence the present age we must un derstand it— in measure must make our agencies fit in with . the course which we see it takes, thus considering what may be best for the pre sent necessity. It was.no mean, accomplish ment which the sacred historian attributes to the children of Issachar. They ' were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do,' and the consequence was that 'all their brethren were at their command ment.' Presuming, for brevity's sake, that we have some understanding of the times, I venture to detain you for a few moments that we may con sider what we and all the Israel of God ough t to do. For one thing, it is manifestly our duty to be well grounded in the doctrines of our holy re ligion. I am aware that in insisting upon this I may be charged with -echoing the sentiments of others ; but as I never professed to be either a profound or original thinker, I do not stay to- deny the charge. . Only let me be understood. If any imagine that I am taking up and re peating the cry of heresy which has been raised in certain quarters, I should most indig nantly resent such an imputation. Without subscription to creeds and confessions of faith, I am bold to affirm that, with some variations of thought and feeling (no one being bound to ex press himself in. the same language), the great truths of the Protestant Reformation— that is, the great truths of the Bible itself — have been seldom held more deliberately than by the Con- ' gregatienaliats of the present day. Yet one cannot but . regard with concern the fact that the opinion is becoming common that doc* trines are of no great importance. How frequently we are informed that Chris tianity is not a creed, but a life ; that the grand thing is to manifest a Christian spirit, and to live a Christian lire. 'Jhis is one of those one-sided statements which are often very dangerous in their tendency. It is more correct; to say that religion is not merely a truth to be received, it is also a life, and that the mind and heart should be stored with those divine truths which are designed to be the pabulum of a grot-ing life, and' the stimulus to its future progress. The Christ-like life cannot be at tained unless we have been taught by Him, as the truth is in Jesus ; then it is that we ' put off the old man with all his deeds, and put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.' A religion without doctrine is like the pre- Adamite earth, whenit was ' without form and void, and darkness covered, the face of the deep,' or it is like a body without bones. You may have what looks like a beautiful form, a body fair to behold and with promise of use, but having no solid frame work, at the first great wound or strain all its promise will drain swiftly away. We readily admit that no man, or any bo ly of men, can cut out a round system of belief which shall enclose all revealed truth ; we agiea with good old Robinson, that the Lord has more truth yet to break forth out of His Holy Word — but surely the Bible is ? not suoh an. enigma that we have yet to discover thosa fundamental doctrines which form the basis: of the Christian religion. These, let us -seek more fully to understand, and 'more firmly to, hold fast. How otherwise shall we be able t» resist the attacks of scepticism, and' stand firm amid confusion and error ? Unless we have an intelligent settled faith in God as the moral Governor of the universe, and as the hearer and answerer of prayer, are we not in danger of being led astray by modern scientific theories about fixed and immutable laws, law in creation, and law in history ? I can do no more on the present occasion than. briefly allude to this great subject. The exponents of these theories attempt; to separate the Deity from His works— to reduce the world to a piece of mechanism, and Providence to a succession of iron-bound necessities. According to their view, it is useless to pray in any . season of ca lamity or sorrow, because the idea, ot special aud supernatural influence in relation either to matter or mind, is a complete fallacy. We cannot afford to allow men thus to shut God out of His world, and out of our life's history. It is more pleasant to believe that ' He overrules alTmortal things, And manages our mean affairs ; On humble souls the King of Kings Bestows His counsels and His cares.**1 We are glad to bo permitted in the prayer of faith to cast on Him our burdens and anxieties. Then let -us seek clearly to understand the ground on which our belief rests, tha,t . we may/ not be ' soon shaken in mind or be troubled, T but' may be able to give an answer to everv man that asks us a reason of the hope that i* in us concerning God's providential care and. superintendence in all the events .of,-oux lives. We are. also called upon to, hold' f,ast the doc trine of atonement, through the death and righteousness of a Divine Mediator, and the doctrine of justification, through: faith in His blood. The offence of the Cress has not yet. ceased. Men,_ whose names are known to us,. profess to be shocked at the material andi commercial aspect of the language used by theologians when speaking of the death of Christ. Now, I do not ask that we stereotype the phraseology of our forefathers on this .subject, but do let us glory, even as they did, in the cross of Christ. We want their strong faith and their deep intelligent convictions. w The signs of the times warn us that in our endeavors to render the decti iue of the atone ment palatable, we are in danger of detaching from it the element which is at once its dis tinctipn and its power. There ia jtore than enough said in varjous quarters now. about the self -sacrifice^ Christ, of which His death was. bo glorious an example. We require to bet, grounded and settled in the. hope of the Gospel*. «md then, continuing in the faith, we shall tell these men, we believe 'all that, but we believe more— That death -was a true sacrifice, a real expiation for sin; and only as we have faith in this will the SjiMt 'of consecration, of which they speak,' take^ possession of us. Unless the Bible is a delusion and a snare, it is a fact that * we are bought with a price ;' we ' are redeemed ^ with the precious blood of Christ.' Here we must take our stand fearfully, ever ready to avow that we 'are not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ ; it is the power of God unto salva tion to every one that believeth, for therein is the righteousness of Godrevealedfromfaith to faith.' Further, let me remark, there is a growing ne cessity for insisting upon the simplicity of the Christian ritual. _ The rapid growth and spread «f ritualistic opinions and tendencies is a sign of the timeB which calls for our serious con sideration. What does it indicate? what will be ite ultimate development? what is our duty in relation thereto ? I do not wish to preach a crusade against the Ritualists. Some of them »re men of culture and refinement, and have drawn alter 'them many whose high sestheticism leads them to long for all that is graceful in form and grand in sound ; hut the majority of their followers are weak men and women, who are led captive by their fondness for vain shows. Were. I in England, I should denounce as severely as any of my brethren the dishonesty of those who, while professing to be ministers ©f_ a Protestant Church, preach Romish doc trines -and indulge in Romish practices. In this cotony we are. differently circum stanced. No congregations here are 'com- pelled' to have a Ritualist for a minister whether they will or not, and, on the other hand, if they prefer to secure and retain the services of such an one, no one else has any just cause 'for complaint. All we can do; all we ought to attempt tp do, in toiling out more prominently the teachings of Scripture on ques tionsx-f Ritual.. Wccannot ignore ,the subject altogether ; loyalty to Christ and to bur religious and ecclesiastical convictions forbids our keep ing silence. Professor Simon has well said— * The' mission of Congregationalism, as I un derstand it, lias \\-een to 'assert and apply the fundamental principle of Protestantism * * * That principle is the right and duty of every man's entering into direct fellowship with God without the intervention of anything human, whether it be a creed, or a form of polity, or a priesthood. If we have had any specific mes sage from God to deliver, it has been this. Our aim is, or ought :to be, to aet men on their own feet, and to teach them to look to and learn of God for themselves.' This witness is true. It is our duty, even as it is our privilege, to assert and maintain the truth that 'the Kingdom of God is not meat -and drink, tut righteousness; peace; and joy in the Holy Ghost,' and that ' in Christ Jesus '.ueith.tr circumcision availeth anything, nor unaircum cision, but anew creature.' As a corrective to the disposition to make too much of -sacred places and holy days, we must present the statements of the 'Master^— * Where two or three are gathered- together in my -name, there am I in. the midst.' * The hour cometh when' ye shall' neither in this mountain nor -yet at Jerusalem worship the Father.' Do men make priestly pretensions, and' lay claim to priestly power? All the more reason is there that we proclaim Jesus only is ' the Apo3tle and High Priest of our profession.' He by ' His one offering hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified,' so that 'there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,' and that the whole i-ody of the faithful, not a select few, are a ' chosen generation, a royal priesthood.' We must prove that the advocates of baptismal regeneration have no scriptural authority for thus limiting the Holy One of Israel. As well attempt to restrain the wind, to which He is compared, from blowing where it listeth as attempt to confiue His renewing influence to sacraments and ceremonies, or within the minis tries of an order to which they claim to belong. We must meet all the -sensuous and sentimental utterances of the Ritualists about the Real Presence in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper by pointing out the many gracious assurances of Christ's spiritual and perpetual presence with His people; ' The more earnestly and lovingly this is done the lees likely will it be that men will accept bits of bread,' transformed; by a priest's benediction, as ^ the grand fulfilment of the Saviour's promise to the Church—* Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world.' There is little' fear 'that our Churches will be borne along by the tide of ceremonialism so long as they are composed of those who, in the best sense of the term, are Bible Christians, and are likeApolIoa, 'mighty in the Scriptures.' The genius of the Gospel is so utterly opposed to all that is formal that the men who thoroughly read and thoroughly digest the truths of God'e word do not need to be peruaded that * bodily exercise profiteth little' or that * it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not wiie meats which nave hoc proniea T-nem that have been occupied therein.' Not to weary you. or overta-k: my own strength, I shall briefly allude to one other point. It seems to me that we wast a fuller realization of the Divine idea of Church life. Tt is a sad fact that some of the most thoughtful, eirnest, and gifted -minds in our congregations refrain from uniting with the Church. We do well to ask, is the spirit, the atmosphere; the inner domestic life and working of our Churches, so intelligent and liberal, so holy and heaven-like, as to pre sent an attraction to such men? 'Novr, if there be one plain, fundamental, undeniable principle supplied by the New Testament re garding the Christian Church, itis this — that our Lord meant to found a brotherhood, to which all who believe in Him should belong. What ever else this Church was or was not meant to be, it was to be a spiritual brotherhood— not simply in that exalted sense in which all true Christians are brothers, whether tbey acknow ledge one another as such or not, and the saints on earth, and all the dead, but one communion make;' but in -this more practical and earthly sense, that Christians are to acknowledge one another as brethren, love as brethren, work / together as brethren. By this all men are to know 'that we are Christ's disciples, that we love one another. One is our Master, and all we are brethren. The Church is a. body, having Christ foi its bead ; and all its members are to be so closely identified in interest and feeling that if one suffer all the others suffer with him. Such is the Divine ideal. Have the union, the sanctity, the leve, the zeal, the heavenliness of' this 'pattern given in the Mount,' been em bodied '«vith sufficient and attainable approach to perfection in the Christian profession ? Be yond the peace springing from the conscious ness that we have complied with the require ments ef the Master, and are privileged to sit with His disciples at His table, what are the palpable advantages of Church membership ? Those who are least desirous of bemoaning our present state and condition, feel that it is high time we should begin to think earnestly of con forming the Church more exactly to its Divine model. It can hardly be expected that I should indicate the exact direction our efforts should take in seeking the accomplishment of this de sirable object. ~ I. may, however, remind you that resolute united action is far preferable to the. idle grumbling, about .our deficiencies in wHch some are wont to indulge, that each of us, has his part to perform in seeking the purity and advancement of the brotherhood, and that there is nothing in the constitution of our Churches which prevents our profiting by the experience and practices of others. Happily,' too, our circumstances now are such that our spiritual growth and power is the only end that we need seek. The battle for religious freedom has been fought and won, and our right to be regarded as a legitimate part of the true visible Church, of Christ is now generally recognised. May Sod give us wisdom to improve the pre sent opportunity, and ^take advantage of this season of lest and quietness. Let us seek to eppply what is lacking, and remove all impedi ments to .our happiness, our holiness, and our usefulness. Xet us strive and pray A that our 'love, may abound yet more and more in knowledge, and in all judgment, that we may approve things that are excellent, that we may be sincere and without offence till the day of Chi is t, being filled with the fruits of righteousness which are by Jesus Christ unto, the glory and praise of God.' Most earaest^y would I plead for this. We wish our Churches to grow and prosper, and gather to them those that are without. We may simplify our modes of admission to their fellowship j this, however, will be of little servioe— it is not: better machinery, but more power that we need. We want Churches in. which the vital principle of godliness shall be so strong that they may be said to be instinct with the Spirit, of God; Churches partaking so much of the mind of Christ that, like Him, they must be ever going about doing good; Churches in which men would feel they had a sacred home, and . did indeed belong to the household of faith. Then those who had first gi°en their own selves to the. Lord would speedily and gladly cast in their lot with us, - rejoicing to be numbered with the saints. Moreover, I plead fcgathis, because it will do much to pppote that Christian union for wMeh all good men- long and pray. The nearer we come to Christ the more we are like Him ; the closer shall we be .drawn to all those; who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. With more of the mind of Christ, though retaining : our denominational peculiarities, the truth would be spoken in love, sectarian strife and rivalry would cease, and catholicity and con scientiousness would not. only co-exist, . but coalesce. ^-Reviving influence is what we, and all the Churches of Christ, greatly require. Its _ effusion would develop eur mutual affinities, and bring us into sympathetic contact and final unity ; without it we shall never unite our parted forces. Brethren, the time is short, our responsibi lities are great, our duties' are many and serious. Let us be true to ourselves, and; above all, true to oar Master. The shadows -are lengthening . upon - cor path, reminding us that 'the night ? cometh , when no man can work ;* therefore* let . -us be 'steadfast, immovable, always; abounding t in {he. work of the. Lord.' God grant that each one of us may so live unto Him who, died for us and rose again, and may so labor for the good of others, that when called: away from earth ; to our rest and reward, our truest epitaph may be — ' After he^ had served bis own generation, by. the will of God, he fell on sleep,, aod was gathered unto his fathers.'' {Applause.). ...r.... TheRev. J. Jeffsbis moved a very cordial vote jof j thanks to the .Chairman for his address. . It bad, he said, been characterised as usual, by the fervency and deep-toned spirituality which were the characteristics e£ their brother's ministry. He did net know that he had ever listened to anything which had fallen from his lips which had given him greater pleasure. The other -day Mr. Manthorpe was telling him that he thought his recent illness had affected' his brain, U so, bethought it had brightened it — (cheers)— and that it had given to him a deeper spirituality than before. : There was nothing in the address particularly to characterise it, and he could not single anything out for eulogy, as he liked .the general tone of it. The Rev. W. WnflON briefly seconded. The Rev. F. W. Cox supported the motion. There were one or two topics referred to in the address which ought to engage the attention of the Union.. He referred to one particularly — the question of the supply of ministers' to vacant Churches. From the statements made he learned. that there were several vacancies in the Churches, and the difficulty was very con siderable in bringing out ministers from the mother country. He did pot know whether or not how the difficulty was greater than before, in consequence of the great demand there was at home for ministers of the class they would like to biiug out to this land. The question was a broad one as to whether they should simply depend on supplies to be obtained from England,' or endeavor to raise up ministers in this land.' Certainly they ought to have some clear course' of action, else they would find that the Churches as they became vacant would be lost to them' by ceasing to exist, or lapsing into other bodies. With regarl to the reference to Ritualism, he confessed that during his recent 'visit in Eng land, although he moved about in what he might call Church of England circles more than he had ever done since his early life, his surprise was that he had heard so little of it : That was just the impression he gathered. ' He ' found people made remarks on some neighbor ing ministers who were carrying things with a high hand, but as far as he had seen the feeling was not so -strong as they, receiving the fail reports and facts in the newspapers, would he led to suppose. The movement no doubt arose out of the tendencies for aesthetic culture. That was one thing which exhibited itself in this fact— that there was scarcely a village in England in which the work of restoration— carried out with .consummate skill and taste, and at great expanse— with respect to build-, ings which previously were in - a state of dilapidation; was not being carried out. No doubt that was one of the. good things' arising;out of the greater attention given to the externals of religion. His opinion, however, was that the uprising of Ritualism in the Church was deeper than that.- Some years ago — about 20 years ago— when the question first - began to agitate society, he remembered Mr. - Binney saying the manner in which the Church of England had gone' on since the beginning of the century had been much in the line in which the Dissenters' had gone with reference to preaching, Sunday-schools, and extraneous ac tivity. They were distanced,' 'however, in the race in consequence of the trammels of the State. Hence many persons went back on the old line of priestly authority, and told the people that they could not leave the Church ef their fathers without sin, and that they must come to them at peril of their souls' salvation. Thus the question rose up at the chief seats of learning, and was brought to light by men of consummate scholarship. Alter referring to the history of the religious opinions of Dr. Newman, of Oxford, he said Dr. Newman tried to find a middle way between the Church of England and Romanism, but he was driven from that point, and found that to be consistent he must go the whole length, and go to that Church in which his idea obtained its fullest, finest, and most logical de velopment. Ritualism was just a growing up of the tendency to put increased power in the hands of the priest, and to introduce the middle ages— the * ages of faith — so that 'everything should be left in the' hands of the minister who should carry out worship with all that was beautifc \ud gorgeous, and a'so give utterance to his own ecclesiastical power as 'intercessor between God and man. Therefore in this view the case was still more perilous even than mere decoration. He repeated the sentiments already expressed of approval and admiration at the tone and spirit which per vaded the whole ad dress. (Cheers.) ??-? ?;. The motion was carried, and the Chairman, briefly acknowledged the vote. ANNUAL BEPOBTS. The Hon. A. Stow then read the annual re port, which is published elsewhere. The Hon. A, Stow, in the absence of, Mr. C. Smedley, read the report of the Chapel Building Society. ?'.'._' Mr. W. C. Bdik said, in consequence of con tributions which had been received in the last fortnight the report would have to be altered, as the Society was now in fnnds. . He read the balance-sheet, which showed that, the receipts h?d been £331 3s. 2d,, and the expenditure, £250 13s. 8d., leaving a balance in hand of £80 9s. 6i. (Applause ) .. : Tke Rev. M. H. Hodge said there were one or two things in the report on which he should like to say a few words. One was in' relation to a fund -for retired aud aged ministers. He thought it .of vast importance that such a fund should exist amongst them. He had felt it had been a disgrace to them as a community, that such a fund had not existed. In conversation with a Wesleyan brother some time ago, he was informed that the Wesleyans had a fund, amounting to something like £25,000, and it was annually accumulating. If this fund had been started at the time it was suggested, he was parsuaded by this time it would have amounted to some thousands of pounds. They had wealthy men amongst them — men who might spare, say a thousand pounds —-(laughter) — without feeling it. These wealthy, men should come forward with their he^vy amounts, and those ministers who were in a position to do it would be glad to contribute towards it, whilst the Churches and congrega tions might make annual collections towards it. He felt strongly on this subject, because before coming to this colony he travelled in England, and he was often grieved to see men who ha i spent nearly their wlible lifetime In the service of God almosilka state of destitution. They were just hanging on, and the Churches were dying out ; and yet what else could the poor men do? They were at present in a position in which, they rirght obviate that state of things. They liad not many amongst tlieni who were likely just now to come on such a fund. Of course the young man whs was addressing them did not expect to do so yet — (laughter) — and therefore he could speak boldly on the point. He did trust the matter would be taken up with vigor by their friends, and he should be very glad if their wealthy men would give the rund a start that 7day. In this way they would be smoothing the pathway to the grave of many old and feeble; ministers. Another matter he wished to refer .to was -the retirement of their respected brother,- Mr. Evan. He had Jong deeply felt for. and sympathised with him in his protracted indisposition. , {Hear, hear.) He had oftentimes had the opportunity of listening to him, and he might say that h.e never listened to Mm without great pleasure and profit. . . He had .of ten ;sa.id $6 .friends whja.t a pity it was that a man of Mr. Evan's abilities should not be endued with a more robust con stitution, but he had been in the hands of their Heavenly Father ; but although he had Buffered much, he hoped it would all be ultimately overr ruled, for his good,'. and for the advancement of the cause with Which he was .identified. ,He expressed ' his desire .to move a resolution of sympathy with Mr. . Evan on ins retirement from. Stow Church, . '.-.',.' . '? The Chaibmam said it would be well to adopt the report first. ? r- * - :?''.'' ' '. ? ?. F The Rev.Mr. HQ'fiGEmoyedj'andMr.THpMAS seconded, :ibhe adoption. of. the .report, Mt.. Thomas ^pointing, out the ? necessity for step's being taken to augment the ministerial ranks of their denomination. ...?'. The Rev.: J..PKTXJB (Baptist), who was jrarmljr received, said, in,, supporting the motioa he might take . the opportunity of fulfilling the duty he ^as SepnteS tbdo.that.flay— to express to the Congregational tjniona feeling of deep interest on, the p'afb ef . the 'Bapjist Association in the wpfk flieTTriioii wa.a carryiiig on, in eon nectibh with the. WholiJ Church -f ^hris'i. It was quite manifest ..ttiat their aims were iden tical, that their spirit was one, and jfchat the difficulties they had to encounter were identical He expressed Ms great .'thankfulness that .they had an address to go forth, to the public of the character of the .one presented that morning. (Hear, hear.) ' He thought that one fact men tioned by Mr. Manthorpe was of importance to Congregational Churches^ of both sections, viz., that Jthev had not to fight any battle for free dom. The Congregational bodies had. stood in the. foremost ranks, or amongst the foremost' ranks, in .fighting the battle of civil and reli gious liberty. It. seemed to him to be a disad? vantage to any Church to-be obliged to prolong to any lengthened period a-battle of that de scription. There was a. tendency T in their Churches, he' thought, to forget ''the ;real spiritual work which had been' brought before them that moraili?, and to merge into the lower 'aspect [ol .:'the,: political, Savil,'.' ;or semi religiqus. He ?elt: ^thankful, for .ttte ad dress, not because it' differed from the seniiiaents put forth^ ©nV eyeryl Xoyd's dayi hat because the annualaddress of the Union went forth with a great deal of ^authority, and being dissemmated widely,, was calculated to do a work which Sunday discourses failed to accom plish. If they as Churches ani ministers came up to the spirit of that address, their difficnl ties would soon be overcome. If the'y^ were as distinct in the Christian docttine. inits recep- tion and utterance, as Mr. Manthorpe had put it— if they were so simple in the Christian ritual, and stood, firmly on the foundations of their faith, they need not fear either ra tionalism or Ritualism, and they would do much to overcome ' indifferentism, which was their greatest foe. (Cheers). The Chairman was sure he 'only repeated the sentiments of all present, when he said he was exceedingly glad to see Mr. Price present, and to hear his expression of brotherly feeling on the part of the AsBOoia'ion to which he be longed. He also .pointed out that it would be very convenient tp the Committee if friends' would- forward their subscriptions at the begin ning of the year, instead of at the close of it. r The'Bev. James HowtB thought the Com^ tnittee. ought cause .an alteration, by only making grants from money -in hand; instead of making grants, And then expecting 'the money to be made up afterwards.; . : ' '?? ?'?' The Hon.' A. Stow said the Magazine was in a promising .condition^ The assets were about £40 in excess of their liabilities, which was a tolerably hopeful' indication. :. The circulation was about 620 copies, -and this, with advertise ments,- would defray the cos1; of pnnting. ? ; The 'motion for the adoption of the report was then carried. : ?'' - ? '- '? ... SiaEPAXUV -WITH THB BEV. O. W. EVAlir. . . : The Hey. M. H. Hodge moved— 'That ^his1 TTnibn desires to express its sympathy with the Rev. C. W. Evan in his peculiar- circumstances, and to ? express If s regret' at the ' circumstances which have compelled him to rieluiquish: \ his charge.' ' '. ; : . The. Hpn. Thomas; Reynolds was glad Mr. Hodge had drawn attention to the necessity for an Aged and Retiring Ministers' Fond. He thought-the establishment of such a fund would be very desirable, and.it was possible the hint given mignt be taken by their wealthy friends. He thought it would1 have been well for Mr. Hodge to have moved for the appointment of a Committee to enquire into this 'matter, and see what could be done/. He knew one Church in Victoria where such a; fund amounted to £50,000. He rose more especially to second the motion,* and to personally tender to Mr. Evan his deep, sympathy at the circumstances which had ne cessitated, his retirement. ' He thought it a Iosb to the Church, and it would be a great Io3s tp the community if Mr. Evan were not able to take part in the the deliberations of the- Union. When' he had the pleasure of listening to Mr. Evan, he used to feel that there was no man he had sat under who had given him more plea sure as a minister of ^the Gof pel of Christ. He did hope after iiis retirement' iFrbm 'the 1 active' duties of the pulpit his strength might be so far renewed that they might not only frequently hear his voice at their Union meeting's, but also, hear it in some of their pulpits. '?'??' The Rev. J. Jeffbbis expressed a hope that as matay brethren as possible would endeavor to attend at a meeting - on Wednesday evening, when a testimonial w^as to be presented to Mr. Evan. The Chatbiiaw— I'am Bure I echo the senti ments which have been utterei by my friend Mr. Ho^ge and Mr. Reynolds, and I do hope, as they have said, that although Mr. Evan is for the present laid aside in God's gooi providence, from the work of the pastorate* he may yet be long spared ; and we may t-e permitted often to see him at these gatherings, and to hear his voice; ' ? ' : - . . ? - : The motion.' was carried unanimously. '? - . OONGBATOLATFOKS TO THB EBV. P. W. COX. : The Rev. Mohgah Wiluams *n4 tne Rev. H. CHBtTHAM seconded a vote of congratula tioa to the Bev, F. W. Cox, on the 'occasion' of his return from Europe in safety. The Rev. : Mr. Cox tersely acknowledged this expression of kindness, which he said was another of the many marks of friendly feeling he had received; since his return. ? ? BIiECnONOr-OSTICEBS. ' The following officers were then elected:: — Chairman for 1872-3,sReVi F.' W. Cox; Trea surer, A. Hay, Esq.; M P. ; Secretaries, Rev. '£,.- Griffiths and Hop. A.' Stow ; Finance Secretary, Mr. W.' O; 'Boik; Remainder' of Committee;' Rev. G. W. Evan, B. A., Rev: H W. Cox, Rev. J. Jefferls,-LL.B, Rev. O. Manthorpe, Rev. H. Cheetham, Rev. S. L; Harris, ttev. E. Griffiths, and Rev, A. Scaleg, Hon. T. Reynolds,' and Messrs. A. Adamson, J. M. Anderson, J. A. Chartier, T. Caterer, H. 'Dean, G. P. Doilette, J. M. Dowie, W; T-. Flint. A. Gore, -J. Grose, W. Newboiild, W. Palmer, W. H. Newbould, G-. Phillips, J. Fickeing, J. Porter, G. Scrym-. goiir, G. Scrymgour, jun., J. T.- Shawyer, O. Smedley, and S. WMtuiibre.' ; . - HA1F-TBABLT MEBTTNC. r The next business on the programme was to fix when and where the half-yearly meeting should take place. Mr. W. O. BuiK proposed that the half yearly meeting be di-pecsed with, s s for some years past the half-yearly meetings had been very poorly attended, and the Churches to which they bad been Invited bad Seen put to fery considerable trouble and expense to no purpose. „. The Hon. A. Stow suggested, on the question of their meetings generally, that . they should transact the formal business in the daytime, and have the Chairman's address and do other business at the evening meeting, as was done in Victoria. . The Rev. J. Pbicb— -On one occasion the Baptist Association had the Chairman's address at the evening meeting, but it was felt that this plan restricted siSnjewhat the discussion which would take place were it given at the business meeting.: ? , , , L . m Mr. Hat, M.P., remarked that in Tasmania the Chairman's address was given in the evening, and next day the Union met for busi ness. - - The Hon. Tfins. Beynolds thought if the -half-yearly meetings were held in the city they would be well attended. Peisons in town could not afford the time and money necessaty to attend meetings in the country.: One day in the; year was not sufficient to consider all the questions which it was necessary that they ss a denomination should discuss. $There was one important question requiring attention, and that' was — the question of a JN'on- Denomina- tional University, but it Had not beSn possible to .bring tMs question forward yet. If they were only to meet once in twelve months, and then only for one day, there would never be much done by the Congregational Union, although there might be many public questions affecting the body. . : ' Mr. W. C. BoiK would withdraw his motion if it were understood that tbe half-yearly meet ings would be held in the city. ? '. The Rev. F. W. Cox said the original idea of the half-yearly meetings was, that they should - benefit and revive the country districts. So,, long, therefore,' as country Churches invited the Union the half-yearly meetings, should be held in the country. If' no invitation was given it wotf d be a pretty clear indication that their Country friends did not want them, ; Mr. W. Lewis was opposed to holding the half-yearly meetings in the city, as it was an expense to country members to come to Ade laide. ? Trie Rev. J. Howie thought it might be left to the Committee, but it would be hard to pass a resolution that all the meetings be held in Adelaide. The Rev. W. Habcus thought they should be vary careful ia altering old usages, especially without due notice being given. Several very interesting meetings had been held in the .country, and the brethren were always liberally and hospitably entertained. He thought Mr. Howie's suggestion would best meet the case. It was then resolved on the motion of the Rf3v. Mr. - Howie, seconded by the Rev. Mr. ptDHAM, that the matter be left to the Com mittee to aot according to their discretion. ;The Hon. A. Stow moved—' That it be an instruction to the Committee to arrange for holding part; of the next annual deliberative meeting in the evening.' Mr. A. Hat quite agreed with this, but he did not think it should 'be made absolutely imperative. Mr. Stow said then he 'would add the words ' should they consider it desirable to do so.' The motion was carried- with this addition. ? - ' -' ? . An adjournment of 10 minutes was then made for refreshment. ? 'THE BOtJTH AUSTBAXTAN XS DEPENDENT.'' The Chairman referred to specimen copies of the denominational magazine which had been placed in the seats of T&at; Church for gratui tous distribution, saying' he hoped they would be taken, and that efforts would be made to increase the circulation., The monthly revenue was £t3, the expense £9, leaving a balance to their funds of £4 per month, and if their cir culation was extended the revenue of course would be greater. BELATTON OF OHBISTJAMUT TO THK CIVIL ..' ' . GOVEBNMEHT. The Rev. J. Jefferis was then callod upon to read a paper on the above subject.; It was as follows i~r ' . .*' The dream of a 'Christian State' is almost over. Especially in the British Empire- has the illusion been dispelled. The union of the poli tical and the theocratic is approaching its end. We are, living £n years that arie.very fruitful in theloutcome of great principles which have long been .silently working. . One of these, whicji'in( England has taken many centuries to approach, maturity, is the right of every man te think for himself , and not to, allow others to .think for him in matters of religion. Ifc is now conceded on all hands that Government must not inter fere with conscience. The State which defines religious 'belief, enjoins a particular, mode of worship, and endows certain obedient Churches, is :felt to be intruding beyond its legitimate sphere. However worfrhjr its aim, whatever good results jhay have been achieved by its action, its. continuaoce in this order of things is opposed: tp.the podern Christian conscience. The realm of faith lies beyond the realm jgoverned.by any! earthly power. Let Cse3ar's tribute be fully and honorably paid,' but let not Caesar interfere with the tribute demanded by God. : ?. . . We. may well illustrate the change that has come over the mind of England on this point during the past half century, by the change that has. taken place in the opinions of the greatest qt English statesmen, fc'omew'nat more than 30 yepra ago Mr. Gladstone, affirmed that every nation; had a .conscience, that it was bound to adopt 'some fo'im of' religious belief, that the propagation of . this religious belief was one of the chief ends of Government. Twenty years ago lie. said — 'We cannot change the profound and resistless tendencies of the age towards re ligious liberty — itis our business to guide and control their, application. Do this you my ; but to endeavor to turn them backward is the sport of children done by the hands of men, and every effort you may make in that direction will only recoil upon you in disaster and disgrace.' In his chapter of autobiography, published in 1868, after giving a view of the alterations whioh had taken place in the laws bearing on religion,' he says—' The idea , of asserting on the part of the National Church those exclusive claims which become positively unjust in a divided country, governed on popular principles, has eeen abandoned by all parties in the State.' And, he adds, in words as true for his country as they are honorable to himself, ' I, who may have helped to mislead many by an over- hasty generalization, would now submit what seems to me calculated to 'reassure the public mind,' I make my appeal to the history of the last 35. years'. During' those years what may be called the d 'gm&tic; allegiance of the State to religion has been greatly retarded ; but its' cohsciousness of moral duty has been not less notably quickened and enhanced. We, in South Australia, have long ago reached the goal which is being striven after by many of the noblest minds of England. We have settled it once and for ever that there fhallbeno. dominant form of religion. Religious freedom, jand religious equality, to the fullest -'possible degree, is affirmed or implied by various. Acts of Parliament;. Our Government is absolutely unfettered by the least fragment of clerical ?power. And yet there must be some relation, whether well or ill defined, between Christianity and civil government. Neither can ignore the other. The two cannot be' compile ely sepa rated as long as we continue a Christian people.' What we need to [learn' is .the degree in which' the one may lawfully — that is. in accordance with Divine law— help or restrain the operations-of the other. No thoughtful statesman ^or minister of religion can avoid seeing the difficulties which are conhebted with the solution of this problem. It is far easier to secure the recognition of a principle, and to embody it in law, than it is to apply it to the varying exigencies of social life. There is no doubt that one of the first results of religious freedom has been the disintegra tion of Christendom. The old unity, greater in seeming than in reality, has been broken up. The State now finds itself confronted with a multitude of sects, each claiming its protection. There is a chaos of conflicting opinions, and many forms of worship. How shall the State act towards these in the spirit of the Consti tution, and according to existing laws ? There are two points of contact. The State has to do with Christianity in respect to the doctrines which are taught by it, and the ecclesiastical organizations into which these doctrines have crystallised. in looking at the doctrines of Christianity, there is a distinetion obvious enough, but too 8ften overlooked. The New Testament contains a series of truths' which are of a supernatural 6'rdW: This its the special domain of Christian belief; and. the Sole arena of CBri$tian con troversy.. It contains also a series of frtlthf which ate of a natural order, {hough presented with (Divine sanction. This is the special domain of Christian morality^ in which all Christians are at one. Now, with the first of thsse the statesman his nothing to do. Men may believe what they like, and express their belief in any form of worship. But with the sedond the ftateraiari5has,.much to dp. He is bound to restrain evil and encourage,. gooJ. The teachings of the Lord Jesus; Christ on matters of individual and social morality must be embodied in legislation, and maintained by the Executive so far as their legitimate province extends. But how shall the State deal with the various ecclesiastical organizations ? —Churches as they are called. We leply, ' By letting them alone to the utmost extent possible.' They want no permission — that has been conceded as their right. They want no patronage — that would be resented as an insult to their spiritual order. They want no power such as the State might exert on their behalf — that is opposed to their view of Christian obedience, which must be voluntary, and without penal sanctions'. Bat there are occasions when the State is bound to act,, or to give permission to the Churches to act in a direct religious way. The whole ques tion of education stands too closely connected with religion for the religious aspect of it to be entirely ignored. She is the fostei -mother of all outcast and abandoned children. She has a vast number of paupers-r-imbecile and lunatic — living on her bounty. She has hospitals for the cure of the sick. She has prisons !,for the restraint of the criminal. This great army can not be left without ChrUtian instruction. It would be a.grievous abandonment of her duty, and an outrage upon the conscience of the na tion. There are occasibns too, as it would ieemt; when in the interests of soeial order, ' she should invite, the Churches by represents tives, to testify their loyalty to the powers that be as ordained of God. ' I will not pretend to define the mode in which the Government of South Australia should act in these and similar oases. But there are twoItfundamental principles upon which all its action must be based — 1\. The State must not regard itself in any sense as a teacher of religion. The responsi bility of giving religious instruction must be cast upen the Churches unitedly. 2\. The State must treat impartially the vari ous sects without reference to precedents, which belong to a condition of society in which ther union between Church and State is still maintained. : Whatever difficulties there may be in acting upon these, such difficulties .must be fairly met. Forbearance and courtesy will diminish them, while arrogance and jealousy will certainly in crease them. .. . . ?? ? The Rev. F. W. Cox did not know exactly if it was usual, but on the supposition that it was, he would move a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Jefteris for his paper, which he did hot think was any. the worse for being brief. He then commented on the relation of Church and State, and said he dare say they agreed that the State should take action as to the helpless ones in asylums, prisons, and so on. as it stood in another relation than the Stats towards tho e poor people. He was struck with an expression of Dean Alford's, who, in one of his books, speaking of the progress following the disestab lishment of the Irish Church, said the time would come when it would take place in Eng land. He said it was a logioal result, and trace d the various steps, each one of which, he said, led to subsequent reforms. With regard to the principle of religious equality, he was sorry to hear that it had been set aside in what appeared to him to ' be an uncalled for and arbitrary manner. .{Hear, hear.) He alluded to the cir cumstance of the funeral of the late Governor (?SirDominick Daly), pointing out that there was very little question as to precedence exhibited there, and saying that they got along Very well, and did not vex each other because they were left to themselves— to their own natural seDse of courtesy and forbearance. There had, how ever, been shown recently a marked difference between two sections of the Church here and other denominations, and he did not think that they should suffer such things to pass without an indignant protest. (Cheers.) - Mr. D. Robin seconded the vote of thanks to Mr: Jefferis for the paper, saying he thought the Church should let the State alone. The motion was carried. The Re*. E. W. Cox then moved—' That this meeting views with surprise the marked distinction made between the representatives of religious, bodies having the light of private enlrie at the levee held on the birthday of Her Majesty. It hereby desires to express firmly its sense of the incompatabi'ity of those dis tinctions with the principles of religious equality prevailing in this colony, and it instructs its Chairman and Secretary to forward a copy of this resolution to His Excellency the Governor, with a respectful request that in future such arrangements may be made as will remove the invidious distinction complained of.' , The Rev. C. W. EvaK seconded the motion. He thought they had the remnants of an old life, wMch ought to be destroyed— (hear, hear) — because it was very evident that an ecclesiaE tical influence attached to the State here simply because it attached to it elsewhere under very different conditions. With reference to distinc tions at the 1-vee, his own view was that ministers of religion should not appear there in any other capacity than as citizens — (cheers) — and unless the grievance complained of was at once and fully removed his own view was that the Churches should altogether abstain front appearing by their, representatives on that special occasion. (Hear, hear.) He enjoyed listening to Mr. Jiefferis's paper, as there was nothing in it with which he did not fully agree. The Hon. A. Stow said- tMs involved the question whether the Chairman of the Union should appear as a representative at the levee. It would be better for ministers of religion not to appear on those occasions in any other ca pacity than that of private citizens. Because he agreed with that, andbecausehefelt that there were np points of contact between the religious denominationB.assuch, andtheState,hecould not vote for the resolution. It would be far better to put the resolution in this way: — ' That the Chairman of the Union be requested not to attend the levee in his representative capacity as Chairman of the Congregational Union.' Any person wishing to make a professixra of his loyalty, if that was necessary, might do so without doing so as the representative of any section of the Christian Church. There might have been a, time when it was important to know whether a large section of the community would drink ' To the King over the water,' or be loyal to the reigning dynasty. The thing,' however, now, was altogether without meaning. It would be better for the State to take it for granted that persons - were loyal until .they had shown evidence .to the contrary.- Whoever thought it a duty to attend on those occasions should do.- so simply as a member of a secular or -civil body, and not as a minister of religion. The Rev. W. Haroos said if they passed this resolution aud sent it to the Governor; he ap prehended the -Governor's answer- would be that he was simply carrying out instructions sent to him by the Home authorities, regulating the order of precedence, and it must be borne in mini that the present Governor was not the first to introduce tMs new-system. It was in troduced by the lase Sir Dominick Daly, who. published in the Gazette the order of precedence as it was sent from the QolopUl Office, for the purpose of instructing Colonial Governors as to how they should receive certain dignitaries. Sir Dominick Daly felt it necessary to issue those regulations. Whether or not they were carefully carried oat lyhim he was not pre pared to say. It was only fair, however, that they shon'd understand that the present Go vernor was not the first, to introduce the new regulations. He hoped they would be very careful not to put themselves in a position of antagonism with the powers that be. He hoped it would not be necessary that he should say he was utterly opposed to the order of precedence as laid down by the Governor. It was absurd on the face of it; but he was anxious to impress on the Union that &\- believed the Governor was ?imply carrying out the in^ibrn!etions* he had re ceived from the Home Office.' He thought a : fair remonstrance from that meeting rnfglrt go te His Excellency, pointing out the state ot feeling there, but he was not quite sure that ; {hey shottid go quite so far as the resolution went. It wa'S a small matter, after all, whether minis'fceft went in a representative or private capacity tO' £hose anntfal meetings, when His ; Excellency, in the name of the Qdeen, received congratulations. He could flot Vote for tihe am'endftien't of Mr. Staw, as that would be im posing a restraint da the Chairman, which the Congregational Union otight^ to be the last W do; It was entirely a question for the Chair- ; man himself to consider and decide. Mr. Man tHorpe was their Chairman — with all the digni ties of ChairmanTpf the Congregational Union— i and they ought to leave it to his own good sense, as to how he should exercise the privi leges and duties of the position. The Hon. Thomas Retnold3 was glad* Mr. Cox had brought forward this question, and glad also that Mr. Harcus had stated that the Go vernor carried out instructions. Just prior to the arrival of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, the home authorities, thought it proper to fiefld to the Governor copies of regulations adapted in 1843. These were rather aged, and were, no doubt, relics of past ages, which ought to be altered. They were sent out as some guide to the Governor as to the sourse of precedence he should adOpt tmtil they Were altered by the various Governments fit the Colonies. For in stance, it was well known' that these' regulations would only properly apply to Crown cdldnifis— ~ colonies where responsible government did not exist. Where responsible government exist .d. however, the ..regulations could be altered, and he did express his surprise that no alteration had been made in these regulations, because the Government of the day, wheji Sir Dominick Daly published these, regulations, prepared new regulations obviating the very difficulty now complained of. (Cheers.) Those new regula tions we're printed, and were, he supposed, lying in the Chief Secretary's pigeon-holes. He was surprised nothing had been done since that day, and he Urged, the Union to enter its pro test. Tne QoVetnment of that day wished to place all the religious denominations oh a proper f ootingV and this was the only remaining relic. There was One other at that time— the Colonial Chaplain-— and he gave the Legislature nor rest until there was a coifiprtfinise that when the then iuctipabent of the office should vaca e it, the office should not be . filled up. He hoped the Union would stick up for their rights, and give the Government no* peace until they bad removed this last relic of an absurd state of things. The Rev. J. Jefferis supported the motion; . and said he wished to remove a little appehen sion which existed as to whether the published list as it appeared last year really fairly repre- ' sented the instructions sent out 'by the Home Government. He had taken a great deal of trouble in this matter. He was their represen tative last year,- and he felt himself considerably slighted. He did not attend the^ private levee. : although he was invited, and he simply attended as a private citizen. He had taken the trouble to write to the other colonies, and to obtain from public men ' there what information he could en the subject. He found that in Vic toria the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop's Chaplain, the Vicar-General, the heads of the Hebrew and Unitarian denominations, and the - Chairman of the Congregational Union were all grouped together. In the Sydney-. Morning Herald he found Dr. Parker (the metropolitan Bishop), Bishop JMarsden, the Moderator of the Presbytery, the Chairman of the Congregational Union, and the President of the Wesleyan Con ference, all together. The Roman Catholic Archbishop did not appear, as there was a squabble between him and the English Bishop, and the Archbishop did not yield his opinion, but retired from the field. In Queensland there was no recognised order of precedence at the time of the late Governor. The rule was, however, to group the clergy of the Church of Eng'and, the Church of Rome, and all other denominations together. What he complained of here was that in attempting to carry out instructions such a marked and in vidious — and he might say insulting — distinc- tion was maintained between two representa tives of the Churches in ttd.3 colony and all the rest. Here they had placed at the head of all the Civil officers the Bishop of Adelaide, and the Vicar-General as representing the Church of Rome. Then they had: the whole breadth of the -Civil Service down to the lowest Custom House official, and then beneath these came the representatives of other Churches. He did maintain that this was a distinction that was not authorised by any instructions sent out. (Cheers.) Hence he had felt it his duty oh this occasion to refer to tho question in his paper, and to utter his indignant protest against this state of things. (Applause.) Mr. D. ADAMSOS was understood to say that the best thing would be f«r the Church to leave the State alone. Mr. Jefferis seemed to wish the ministers should take precedence of the Civil officers, but if tMs were done then the Civil officers would be complawiag, and it would be too bad to put the Governor in that position. It would be majb. better for the Chairman of the Union to appear simply as a private gentleman. He dii not require any person to represent him. The Rev. Mr. Jebtebis begged to correct some most startling misrepresentations by Mr. Adamson. He wanted to be left alone. He did not want his name to he printed in a list like this in a degrading position. Let the State leave the ministers alone altogether. The Rev. W. Oldham was one of those who took part in the battle for civil and religious freedom, and he thought Mr. Reynolds had put the question right when he said we here had a representative Government, and were not there fore bound by orders from home. They ought to assert their privileges, and to express their regret and indignation at the distinction made at the late levee. It deserved reprobation in the strongest terms, but the real question was what should they do for the future. He understood they wished to assert the broad principle that ministers of religion .wishing to testify their loyalty should do so simply as citizens. If they allowed the religious element' to enter into the private entree, it would simply be introducing the thin end of the wedge, whilst the less Go vernments had to do with religion and religious societies the better. The Rev. C. W. Evan thought he might ap pear inconsistent. His own view was precisely that of Mr. Stow— that ministers should not appear except as citizens, but he seconded Mr. Cox's proposition in accommodation to what he thought were the views of the majority. If there was any probability of carrying Mr. Stow's motion he ehould prefer that. Se pointed out that when a new Governor came the Congrega tional Union aud other bodies presented con gratulatory addresses and the Congregational Union of England also pres-nted addresses of congratulation, of condolence, when such expressions were necessary ; so that the reli gious element could not be entirely excluded. It was well to look at the matter in all its aspects. His own opinion, however, was that there should be no special representative of the Union on these occasions. Mr. G. Scbtmgoob, sen., said there were two questions involved — one as to the future, and the other as to the past. They should express regret that such a course had been takeo, and then decide what action should be taken for the future. The Chairman said Mr. Stow's resolution would be quite unnecessary. As Chairman of the Congregational Union, or in any other capacity, he had never attended levees, and he never intended to do so. (Cheers.) His decided epinion as to what was involved in indepen dency prevented him attending in. a religious capacity. If the Congregational Union wanted a representative at tne Governor's levee, they must find some one else. The motion made by Mr. Cox was then put a ad carried. The Hon. A. Stow thought, notwithstanding Mr. Manthorpe's remarks, it would be well to pass a resolution to the effect— 'That it is desirable that the Chairman of the Union siould not attend the levee on the Queen's Birthday as the representative of the Congrega tional Union of this colony.' The Rev. E. Gkiffiths seconded, ?f he Rev. 5. Jjtttebis should look upon tha£ as .i-atlter insetting after what Mr. Manthorpe- : nadsafd. The Rev. Mr. Haeoth thought Mr. Stow's motion premature, because the Governor might yield to their wishes, and remove the invidious ness complained of.^ ? The Rev. Mr. JeSTBBIS could not anticipate the publication again of such a list as that last year. The Chaibman said in 1863- he was Chairman of the Union, and did not attend. Some one at the time asked why he did not, and he replied, because he did not receive an invitation, and if he had he should have respectfully declined, and he did not think he had any busines* to go there as a religious man. After some farther remarks, Mr. Stow with- - drew his proposition. SttBrrWAl, CONDITION OF THE CHTTBCHE3. The Rev. Mr. Wilson's paper on this subject ' Was deferred till the evening. LUNCHEON. The members of the Union adjourned at 3 o'cldsft to the Refreshment Room, Town Hall, to partake of luncheon. After luncheon the remaining business was brought on. ; DEPUTATION TO THE »APTI3T ASSOCIATION. The Chairman and the Rev. F. W. Cox were appointed a deputation to the Baptist Associa tion. THE PERM18S1TE LIQUOB LAW. The Chaibman read* the following memo* rial: ' To the Chairman, the ministers, and mem bers of Hie Congregational Union of South Australia assembled in their annual meet ing in Adelaide, May 2, 1871. ' ' Be% arid dear Slrs^-On behalf of the Soutfc Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hopa tfnion- having numerous branches throughout tile colony, and which are steadily increasing, in numbers, we feel warranted in , say ing. that we are joined by a large number of . our fello w-colonista in our earnest desire that Legislative interference should be applied with . } energy and vigor to remedyand abate tbe power ful inducement and encouragement given to in- ! toxication and dll its attendant evils by the present indiscriminatfn^ system of licensing houses for the sale of liquors without suffi ciently regarding the wants and witfhea of the people. ' We have watched with intense interest the* . action takes by various Christian bodies In this- . m&tter; both in England and the colonies, and afe deep'J- thankful for the progress that has \ been already made, as well as for the rapidly . increasing support it meets with from the people in all these countries, well aware that it .is by the voice of numbers uttered in unison, and : probably by that alone, that the benefits sought for will be obtained; but with that most legiti mate power firmly and peaceably exercised, all - opposition must gite way until the people estab lish their right to judge for themselves what and what number of houses may be required . for their accommodation. 'In the interests of humanity, philan throphy, aDd religion, we. would most earnestly implore your prayerful and unprejudiced con sideration to this most important question, and to take such steps as will best support the efforts that are being made to remove from amongst the people the curse of intemperance, the greatest impediment to education, to social amelioration, and to the moral and Christian, well being of the people. ' We are, &c;, 'C. H. BagoU, Patron. 'JohnPickebdhj, President. 'G. W. Cole, Hon. Secretary.' ' Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, May 1, 1S7L* Mr. J. M. DowrB moved—' That this meeting , has sympathy with the object of the Tem perance League, and would rejoice in the Houses of Parliament passing a BUI granting to the people the right to determine whether public hottses for the sale of strong drink shall exist in their midst or not.' He said the object of the memorial was simply to ask the JUnion to use their influence as Christian men and legislators to secure to the people the right to say whether there should be public-houses in a district or not. This was not a request that they would ask the Parliament to make men total abstainers by Act of Parliament, but simply a request for a righteous power to be given to the people. He remarked that the subject had been favorably received by the Wesleyan Conference, and the Baptist and Congregational Unions, so that it was not a Utopian idea to ask the Congregational Union to deal with the question. Mr. Henbt Kbllt seconded the motion, dwelling upon the great evil caused by the licensing of public-houses in many parts of the colony. Sometimes they were licensed, just out side townships, and near places of worship, and became sources of much eviL The Rev. Mr. Evan asked if what was re quired was the Permissive Liquor Law ? Mr. J. M. Dowie said that was the object. The object of the Permissive Bill, as introduced to the Commons, by Sir Wilfred Lawaon, would not take effect iu any locality until the people of a certain district declared, on a given day, by a majority of two- thirds, that the Act should come into effect. It remained power less on the Statute Book until 10 or 20 men applied to the Mayor to take the votes. The Mayor was then bound to distribute voting papers, and the ratepayers must mark each; ' yes' or ' no.' Then the papers were col lected, and if theie was a majority of two thirds in favor, tbe measure became law in that district ; bat iu no other district until another district saw fit to apply it. The Rev. D. Milne cordially supported the motion, being aware that public-houses in many parts of the country were a great eviL In his neighborhood — Lacepede Bay — which was an insignificant place, there were three hotels, although they had only been able just now to erect one house tor the worship of God. Unless this thing was stopped it would increase to an enormity ; and if the people of Kingston had the right of expressing an opinion, they would have objected to one,, if not two, of the houses. This memorial did not compel any man to ab stain from intoxicating drinks ; but it only sought to exercise a restrictive ppwer over those persons who seemed to delight in bringing ruin and destruction into happy neighborhoods. The Rev. H. Cheetham heartily supported the motion, as he believed a great deal of evil would be prevented thereby. The motion was curried nem. con. Mr. Pickebing thanked the Union for the recognition they had given to the memorial, and for the resolution they had passed. COtJKCILS OF BEFEBHSCE. Owing to the lateness of the hour, the Rev. Mr. Gibson's paper on this subject was post poned. THANKS TO THE CHAIBMAN. Mr. Hat, M.P., moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his able presidency. He ex pressed his pleasure at his restoration to a fair measure of health, and prayed God that he might long be spared to be a- useful minister of the Gospel of Christ. - r Mr. W. C. Bdik seconded in a few kind re marks, and the vote was carried with acclama tion. ' The Chaibman was much obliged to them for this vote. He was glad to be there. There was a time when he did hot expeot ever to be with them again. ~ He was thankful to be present that day, but he hoped it would be a long time before, they asked Mm to be Chairman again. The meeting then concluded. 