ABOUT TOWII. "htlax ik limine latbat." I am sorry for Mr. Dare. He is, or has been, a misguided man in trying to do good to any one in this wicked world. He belongs to the nume rous class who "mean well," and somehow or other make a mistake over it. Mr. Dare meant veiy well, but he made a mistake over it, and it has cost him the unpleasantness of being tried for a misdemeanour plus a £lnote plus costs, etc., the whole making him a warning to well-meaning parsons anxious to do good, but not knowing how. The head and front of Mr. Dare's offence was, by law, not that he married a girl of hazy antecedents, aged sixteen, to a semi-tipsy man just recovering from a debauch, hut that he did so without obtaining the consent of that em bodiment of all human wisdom, a J.P., who is supposed to stand in loco parentis to all deserted minors. For some reason or other, we are not told what, no application Was made by Mr Dare to th legal heavy father. Hence his wrong doing ; not the marriage itself, hut the absence of a Solon's consent. The majesty of the law has been affronted, and the said majesty is appeased by a £l-note. There is an end of Dare's legal offence. To my mind it was dear at the price. But I can't help thinking that the sentencing judge, while talking of the excellence of this reverend gentleman's intentions, might have pointed out to him that his way of acting might lead some people to doubt them — that his conduct, in fact, might be described as something like that of the immoital friar whom the Abbot of Jorvaula denounced as a "hedge priest." How. did the rev. gentleman get mixed np in the shanty marriage at all? Was he sent for ; or did he, in the interests of morality, and with the best of intentions, go there simply for the purpose of marrying this child, who " had not led a virtuous life before marriage," to a half- tipsy pmn she had only seen once or twice, and who was certainly not in a fit state to make many in quiries as to his bride ? Did he, in the interests of the girl — since he had such excellent in tentions — ask the landlady anything about the suddenly enamoured bridegroom, or did he tell the half-tipsy bridegroom the real truth about the bride, so that both might know what they were P Certainly all these questions would not be ex pected from a clergyman performing an ordinary marriage, bat from a man called to celebrate a wedding which, to say the least, was out of the oommon, something like interrogatory might have been looked for, even if only in the interests of the girl he was anxious to benefit. The sequel of the Story proves that something of the kind was needful, far the next phase of the story is an absconding husband, a deserted wife confined in gaol as a vagrant, and the clergyman called before a court of justice for a misdemeanour — and all with the best intentions. I should like to hear something more of this case before I am satisfied that justice has been done. Mr. Wilkins, once reporter on a Gipps Land paper, now a convict, is a dead failure— a miserable mistake. When I first heard of his arrest, I had some hope there would be a sensation case, with all sorts of Claude DuvaUish inci dents ; that the colonial public would be at last gratified with the appearance of that long miss ing article novelists are so fond of, a " gentle manly bushranger." But I was deceived. Mr. Wilkins is a wretched substitute shoved into the part on an emergency, and not able to play it. Hia attempt to rob, though seemingly daring at first, was dropped at the first show of resistance, and his behaviour after trial is mere false bravado. If there be any dignity attached to the character of a M gentlemanly bushranger " — and one cannot ImfipuA even a bushranger being gentlemanly without it — Mr. Wilkins does not ppssess that article. His conduct when on the coach would have caused the ghost of Duval to shake with disgust. Besides, his " chum " was a thing who threw vitriol over a girl's face, and now says that he would " go to the gallows with the step of a dancing-master," had his victim only perished, or been properly marked. Truly society is well rid of this miserable attempter of a part he could not sustain, and as for the Mr. Martin alluded to, the sooner he is fiddled to the gallows the better. It is the only sphere he iB not likely to disgrace. Three more larrikins flogged by the oommon hangman. Cheerful tidings ; only the oommon hangman's duty in this respect wants enlarging. When I see that high official called upon to flog outragers of women and children first, and then bang them; when I see his attentions, so fa as the cat is oonoerned, diverted to bs young ruffians who infest the streets, faulting and annoying defenceless passers-by, form In legislation, and ' that the members of Parliament whosupport suchan amendment of the criminal codeare worth the £800 a year, if only for this one act of good service to the colony. I am not cruel. I have felt faint and sick at seeing a soldier flogged for anoffence that was really not degrading or ruffianly, but: I would stand by willingly mid see the' backs of such, ruffians as these cut to pieces. I should ridt certainly like to shake handB With Mr. Bamford, but when I read of his improvement in the art of laying it .onto these ruffians, I £eel what may well be called a distant admiration for May bin arm never wither. WhUe on this subject I caunpt help, al luding to that unhappy business at . .Durham- Lead, where the schoolmaster Stocks has been arrested on another charge of indecently assault ing one of his young pupils. I don't intend to say a word about the guilt or innocence, ef the man until the case is proved, but one cannot help hoping that, whatever way the case may turn out, it will induce local committees to be more careful in their selection of teachers, arid to rely less on the fact of a man being great at Sunday-school teaching and local preaching. I don't want to lay any wholesale unfounded charges, bat it is a fact that too many of these offences have been committed by men calling themselves clergymen or schoolmasters. And unless the first one found guilty is severely punished — as severely as the law will permit — and the more severely in proportion to the offender 8 position, parents will be in such terror of sending their children to school that even a compulsory law will have no weight with them. I would have any schoolmaster, convicted of ontrages on the children under his care, flogged and branded ; so that if he did come out of gaol men might know him, and avoid. No man has such power for good or evil with children ss the schoolmaster, and the man who, when entrusted with this duty, outrages the modesty of a child under his care is worse than a murderer. There may be some excuse for a young man yielding to passion in the case of a woman of his own age j but these offenders are generally elderly men, and their victims mere children. It is the millstone and casting into the sea that is wanted. I have just been to see a game at cheBS by tele gram. I am very ill, and slightly confused in mind. One moment I fancy I am a bishop's queen's pawn, allowed te go nowhere ; and the next, that I am a queen's pawn, not allowed to go anywhere. The operator said it was as easy as clockwork, but then clockwork isn't easy, except perhaps to the clock. Anyhow, I shall never go to see another game at chess, played by telegram. It is bad enough in its natural state, bat when it is backed up by electro-telegraphy it has a ten dency to soften the brain that is not pleasant. Wade retro chessboard. HYLAX. 