THE NOVELIST. CHBIBTMAS OT* a BEACH BY Mas. LTNN LINTON. Tt seemed as if the Mackenzies were unaer fiDell and that none of the men wereerer H^stined to die in their beds. We sometimes r fiiig gtrange law of persistent Occident ran Krongh A family, and generation after genera hon fulfils what looks like the ordained decree either of violent death or loss by fire, father of shipwreck or that mysterious bbd tuddec disappearance when a person "goes llnder" like a stone in the water, and is never beard of again. I, who wriee this, know hf a family where the law of "running away " L. been in force for four generations; one or bore lads of each brood having run away from tome, school, or legal master as the case night be-some turning up again after a eason of wild-oat sowing, perhaps all the ,6tter for the process, but others gone for ver, and their ultimate fate a mystery never Slewed up. . ] The law of the Mackenzies was, as I have Lid a violent end. Old Z&chary; the grand* - Itb'er, and Michael the father, of Captain IbaTles, bad both died of their sins, or as the ?aditiona! phrase went, "died standing;" 4id Captain Charles himself had disappeared. Ee was a married man, but a wild one, Lording to the way of the Mackenzies; and En years ago had been serving with his fcgiment in Cornwall, while his wife and two liiidren were left behind in London. No he ever knew more of him than that be was {ported absent when be should hate [turned to his Quarters at Truro, after a eek's leave; ana that from that time to .is he was missing, and had left no trace thind. Every effort had been made to find |ra, but without success; and his family had V now almost given up the hope not only (seeing him again, but of knowing what his id had been; though indeed bis widow, lor soul, who loved him as certain women i love scampish men, .handsome, affec bnate, generous, and unfaithful, still clung I hope against hope, and refused to wear |e conventional weeds, or do more t-Jmn provisionally" administer to bis effects. Ill, there the mystery of his fate remained, Id it looked likely enough to remain a J-stery to the end otf time. Meanwhile the grew up, and went out into the world; [ now the daughter Alice had just married Jter Garwood, a young man of some means i roving habits, and so had begun life on r own account when this story opens. yalter Garwood, an artist oy temperament J a rentier by profession-which means ol profession at all-had one absorbing sion, namely, a love for the wild aea- coast, icb be must enjoy in the most absolute lude if be would enjoy it at alL So he k Alice down for their honeymoon to nwall, a country which he knew by heart ar a<; its coast line went, though he was a Cornish man by birth; ana the fair cate young London girl was soon initiated ) the mysteries of- loveliness to be found in iDgs^as and weather-beaten1 crags, with a tude almost as deep as death. t firet they lived in Small towns and ages, wandering from place to place as the ;y took them, and moving always farther iy from anything like " centres," till at tbe proximity of a mere village seemed close a contact with humanity, and liing but the completest iaolation,woald tent the eremitical young artist. When ?efora be heard that Beach-house was int-a lone place among rocks and cliffs, .8 away from any town, and not within oi any other gentleman's house, the rest neighbours of which were half a ;d fishermen in a hamlet some two inilea -be resolved at once upon taking it, as a wbo knows his own mind and who has d what he wants. It wasina dilapidated, i enough. The garden, or what had once tbe garden, was a mere tangled-wilder-; of weods; the house wanted allfeorte of' ifs; but money and taste can do a great even when far removed from " centres ; " Alice was as yet too young a girl, and pnd a bride, to have a will of her owa or da flaw iu her husband's. Tob? sore/she l little shocked when she saw tbebarreiv ted, God-forgotten ixtin oat of whica, er meant to build her a bpme fchat'was , i the most beautiful thing in £ngl&nd; i ouu it.voma w. aaauaiai W9 It woiild ,be s<y $nd in tust* eimpte,J i to takeaprdfonndjnterwtweverytL--,, I the place, and to, enjoy £<Hqg PYP$ fy, intend with tier husband the $terafaCHi8 Dprovements he was making.' J4P;®MP® ork was done, though itfhad. been-ft time about; bnt then, JDojcriish ffiprjc are not the quickest inEoglfpd»3t«ia i October set in, $e yojriig in, and hega^tpeyr *» : .« J,.-,,, { . o- ,tiJ 1 m indeed », *tfld falter had chosen jfor his w$f®* Team^d ajwtfift,' at}d ,the a-ngry^wftv^, .P. °J »» 'i^wgRft M&jmWWii; »d then a vessel, mastered by the wind, Setose upon the rocks where lay the doom r>y men; bnt, tba,ftcflne inWAa hing bnt a wild *Sirte o! ^ ild headlapdi ' *' - hefea, and v*^ »«»«>.> »hi or bathing it^bWod.5'* ^as set on" ft efeqiradWy^ M by a huge cliff.Wthati 1 teach ofthe highest pchetl with thejn&Mtfflnt; . that break soWdimbii' ' 1 Cornish coaafc- '^The w. > above seemed3 toftral w! upper world, ! a ^as DO ^pathway wci ad that led to brtWlni rinding way botllfctle' b for the last sik'oj tttne the' ' *" Jiy it lu» |*attedrtaSft Tttditf psighW , ; ?,tenet., w w 1 left ft altera; " ;«jnce r.-ugtr Iforinofe fSdttt'Wft, FOUldtitit I *r«uld 111 'V -j4 .hi? SSr"fib!T1bRp?eoe?-thoil»*^lnd«*l "bT « t^l«wuinquk5 closelr' and Probe deep those things were, yon could find T*<>r*JE0TefchBn- "!waaakeared," 7\. L.itt were, but there was a .JLU. ab®'. Iheerd agrane and a sigh, ?< ^ a**<*«rpatterofieet, and I rin." w!£l25,y mB2 was not afraid was Jem Penreath ,and be bad volunteered to take S? '0 P**0® while it was empty, and tad T««fore made it his home, arid had always kept about it When asked if he had ever beam ok-seen anything, be would laugh ^nd bis laugh was not pleasant to hear and Bay, "Nay, nay. the ghosts khows me, «ua I known un, and they know better than to trouble me with their nonsense, that do un!" /We may he very sure that nothing of all this was told to the new-comer, Walter Gar wood1; and when be bought and took pos session be was as innocent as a child that the place bad a bad name, or that it was sup posed to be haunted with ghosts or with smugglers, with the disembodied or the em bodied. This Jem Penreath was a man whose cha racter fitted in with the house he chose to guard, and whose appearance fitted in with bis character. Yet be was handsome in a way: a tall, brawny, broad-shouldered man, "with a reddish-brown beard; long, thick, tangled locks also reddish-brown; dark, deep set, fiery eyes; and an expression of lawless daring, that, taken in oonnexion with bis tre mendous strength, made one shudder. He was known as the most reckless and defying savage of the whole district, and the strong est Smuggling, drinking, wrecking, or work that would knock up any other man all came alike to him. He did not seem to value his life more than a rat's or a crow's, and no one's else more than his own. Every one was afraid of him ; every one fought-shy of him ; yet no one knew anything definite against him, or if they did they kept it to themselves. Folks said be had been much worse in these latter tiroes, sibce Mary Mainfote so strangely disappeared some ten years ago. He had loved Mary all his life, but she bad never said the word, and often told her friends she never would. She did not favour Jem Penreatb's addresses, and used to say, tossing ber fair bead with its wealth of golden hair, that for her own part when she had a man at all she would have one she was not afraid of, and knew the life of. " I do not take with dark ways," she would add ; and Jem Penreath's ways were unques tionably dark. Jem swore, many a time, that if she would nqt be his sbe should be no other man's; for that he would " scat the head on un," if any one dared to take what he desired. And this threat seemed to have frightened his mates ; for though Mary was the prettiest girl of the fishing bamlet to which Jem belonged by birtb, no man bad yet made her his wife, ana sbe wan past 20 when she disappeared. The last known or seen of her was on Christmas Eve-a wild one-after she had re turned from Truro, where she had been stay ing with an aunt. An old man-he was dead now-said be saw ber Walking down the rough road'which lead to Beach- house, with a stranger and a gentleman. He was not bne of them, nor Otoe he bad ever seen before, nor a working man in bis Sunday best; he was a gentleman with black beard and curly hair, and he stood very upright, and they were walking down the road and talking-least ways he was talking to her as if he had sum-' mut to say very pressing-and as they got on he put' h>8 arm round her waist, and she, fjidn't seem to say him nay. ' No one else bad seen -fhetn; at least no one 1 who told anything; but there bad been a pair Of qyes watching t^iem as well as old David's, only he who saw them coming down that steep rough road said,lesB than1,David, and kept bis own counsel-as perhaps not being able to share it ^-David's tale -was accepted as final ; a^d , after MaryV'disappearance it was set down1 $n '^fttct tfcat she had gone off with the , grange '^etftletnan who was not knowti fti :the6e puts, and had .come to no good, poor. lass! Bat«vpr ranee ber loss, Jejn Penreathj savage *a% T/eTrtwaytrwaS, bad become *Tn ore savage still, more reckless, more Godless, more dangerous every way; till more than <?nce the ^elders of the ham-let spoke abouthim among themselves, and said he would do hisself or . some on un a mischief afore he was under /.grass. ' " Fof his strength was almost terrifying; and l)e knew, as wellsk any of tbem, that be was . XP&ster; of them all when he chose to exert'his Authority and pjit out his power. .He!was terribly annoyed when Beach-Tiouse was sold to yoiing : Walter Garwood, It was turning him out of his borne, he said, with .many a bitter oath ; and hetoroFfoesied J>ut a fchort term'of ownership for the new-comet1. , " The Kbofttep would do fortm;'* he said, with ashorjlatigh. "Them ana me bio old friends, but tlify dotalce oi} s^&inet; new folk, ifta.; sjuejenofcgb the fshbstefe will, do for un T' ,.rBut though: theGMwoods had beeta in" . possesion from ' Webber "until' now, tiea* i^hristihak time. 'their [home had Hs yet befen hfeard ^ihg of tinner gnosis Dr^mtigglere. . To be rare there were ba'd-.hi^)'4'^vkry'notv and&gaioin; the' boiisa,and fiu<?er. thinfes occurred about the pla^eih&t; po^Jd not b&' accounted'f$r; but *' ratd" hawp^d" shoulders, and bear heavy weights i^ J cbantry.pla1ces. Alice, . in "her 'fester Sf tthought -that, «ve^ if they were, m the im ^iatebetehbaarhood-mBOme.cave, may among the rocks h^|d by, of'which'she. d Walter knew nothing-yet so lob's as sbe' 4 herbn^pa did not'pnr, and' did not 'discoyejr.' tbfey .were safe, and perhaps morfe than safe; the Very tfact of,their liiring there ^two young,; in.hpcehji p^6pTa',ivho'md toot; day be came to Beach-house on one or other pretext-but as all, save Walter, saw for the main re^eorf of'-kdbpfi>{?a^jreon what wit doing there-though neither maid nor man,* BtiU less the young mistress, who kept close to her > own room when he was about could divide what it was fad wanted to watch, what It was he feared would be found out. Surely something in the place did not afree with Alice! She had grown thin, and pale, and melancholy, and was quite unlike the fresh, if delicate, yofyng bride who had come ovej in October to tak$ possession of the new home. Yet this was only a-fortnight before Christmas, and the change which had been wrought wfts painfally,great and sudden; . At last Walter saw r,he pallor end depression which had stolen like a shadow over the sweet, fair face. Dreamy and abstracted as he was. absorbed in his: poetry or his art, it wan really a strong'proof 'of love that he noticed anything at all, that be sfew any change, short of death itself, in his wife. ! It was about a fortnight before Christmas, j when the days. were at their shortest and darkest. Alifce was sitting in the bay of the , window, gaeing into the garden, and looking | across the wide sea, where not a living thing was in sight save the wild birds that wheeled and circled in the waning light, and beat their white wings upon the waters and against tbe dull background of the heavy clouds. There was neither colour nor savagery enough to make a picture or a poem; it was just a uniform grey throughout; and Walter, wearied with the book be had been reading alone in the study, threw it down on the table, and sauntered into tbe drawingroom where bis young wife was sitting, also alone, in the deep bay-window, looking over the wild sea. " My darling! how pale and ill you are looking!" said Walter fondly, as the light fell on her upturned face. His eyes were sud denly opened, as is often the way with unob servant people; and for the . drat time he noticed what the very servants had seen and commented on for weeks. "Are you ill, Alice?" he continued, drawing her close to him. " What is the matter with you, darling?" s "Idon't know, dear," she answered, with a heavy sigh; " nothing, so far as I can tell; I only feel weak, and so stnpidly nervous ! I cannot tell yon what a coward I have become, Wally; I could scream if a bird flies suddenly before me, and I am afraid of my own shadow. And then I have such dreadful dreams ; or they are scarcely dreams-they are more like visions than dreams, for I seem to myself to be wide awake all the time." "What dreams, dear?-you darling little coward!. Why, I never imagined you were such a little faint-heart. I am afraid our lonely life is too much for you, dear. If you. are going to have all these fancies, I don't know what I must do with you ; send you back to London, I think." He SDoke ten derly for all the lightness of his words, smoothing her fair bairand kissing her fore bead at every pause. "Now, come, bring these- dark things of yours into the light, dar ling, and tell roe what your dreams are lik«. There Is nothing like telling a thing of this kind to get rid of it. The mind falls into tricks just as the body does, and bad dreams and ghostly visions are its commonest tricks. What is it, n»y own ?" The girl shuddered, and pressed a little closer to his bosom. "It is\of poor papa," she half whispered. "I havft such dreadful dreams or visions-I don't kkow what they are-about him, Wally. Nigh&after; night he $eems to come to my bedsade,\ so pale, and with all tbe blood streaming frpm his head. , And he looks at me so sorrowfully; it is the sadness of his face that makes mqso wretched, fat more than the horror of ev< about him. - And sometimes I like a woman's head, with a qi hair, near him, but I cannot and sometimes"-here she shivered, and drew her breath, as she sank her nice so low that Walter conld hardly hear h«r-" I see |, a man-like that Penreath, standinaby them, with such a scowl, such a terrible oppression ?on his face! Oh, Walter, dear," the went ? on, weet>ingnow, " you know that mor papa was lost in Cornwall when he was quartered at Truro. I do so fear that somettMng bad happened to him-something worse than being drowned, or lost in an old min% which I remember our friends used to tell poor mamma was the most likely thing, .Oh, Walter, what shall I do?-it is killing me!" "Poor, sweet child! what can I do for you?" said her husband tenderly. "Shall I ernd you away for a while? {No? Shall mamma/then, come and stay with you?" " Yes,- yes!" she cried. " I did not like to aek yon, darling, for it looked astif I was dis contented, but I should like to again; and, oh, I should like ' here! She won't tniAd the loi wildness, I am sure, and I shall happier when she is with us Walter," and again that shiver her, '* she will not see anything, 'she?'"' -' '"My dear!" he said, in" a deL "wbattwould becbme «f the world 'all as sensitive and. imaginative the blood what looks tity of fair her face; ingvoic6, ~ we were you? Id sleep .me bad No ; I should think that mamma1 'quietiyenoogb,and'<not have the dreams as ber restless little daughb '' " But why do I .dream so much, ana so-con tihuallytbe same thing?" persbtel Alice; ?" Oh, Welter; if yob oould only em him podr, dear, handsome papa-with that great wound in his bead, and that sad, sal face! ( And be looks at me so pitifully! and tun the' woman's yellow hair'seetnB to fall across1 hi* . breast; end that dreadful man's facelpomes in, oh, so horrible; so fierce! Walter!" she cri^d, i her passion rising and overmastering her caution, " I am sure he has had e haad in something bad! l am ettre he ha -somethingwrongito papa. Oh!'.' eheeha clinging tober husband nervously, as a step ground on tbe gravel walk befo witidows/and J«mPehreatb,inmT6d i 'mg iriirah^nda batch of fish, which < _ excuwiorbis evening's visitto theliouie.6 r: Walter dashed out; find for tbeifirst time spcjke tohim angrily, and ordered him < atof 'tbSgerden. i -?it.'v! v. 1115 'fWbatftHHtaessitfed he," said the;] 3ang lmafx haughtily," to opine before the dra ring n windows in that -rude manner? <I3 d h» k the t>)aoe wia bisown, thatfceihi d so T e-teepect for anyone in it V with ia< re to #cL **me purpose,' sngrily,intempdi itely .ti .*> ."-ji -Ml > em madeno-wiiwer.' It would iiate teen er, p«i'hap8, if he bad ,-< foT Iter 8t&rti1ed;,'ahd ipr aninstant almost tfcrri I, «t <tbe sqddm >savageue88, thb fiei ' ' ' i8iface. )vHeo«npri effort, thenin fc hi fofto at as the yo "" - fifrpiditok« . trifle scared^ them, as he said, with a forced voice of pa tience, and a terrible look to belie it, "Then, W »e. young mistress do not want tbe fisn, and I be losing my time, and yours, maypter?" And when be bad said tbis he tamed away, and disappeared behind the rocks. " Yes, Alice is right." thought Walter, as he went back into tbe house. "That PeA reath is.a dangerous fellow. I wonder I never . saw it before!" Of course Mrs. Mackenzie accepted the in- ? vit&tfon; to that wild Cornish homd, wh^re. her darling daughter was, as she termed it, 1 buried aliveand a few days saw her safely housed, too happy in her girl's society to feel at first the full force of the wildness, the de PolateneSB of tbe scene, and entering into all the small domestic details of household arrangements as only a mother can. Among other things-it was only a trivial matter, perhaps-she urged on Alice to make a laundry of a certain outhouse not far from the kitchen, and which at present was a mere stick and lumber place. " The washing" was one of tbe grievances of the young wife's life as it stood, and a good laundry would make tbis little hitch run smooth. So mamma proposed, and Alioe requested, and Walter gave the order, that the outhouse should be cleared and set to rights, and made into a laundry with all despatch. They sent over to the nearest town for the proper workmen to see to the copper, the flue, tbe ironing board, and all fit appliances; but first the place bad to be cleared, and some of the men in the fishing hamlet-times being bad, and neither fish nor wrecks on hand- volun teered to help the town workmen, and save their time and the master's by clearing the plnce for them. Since his fall-out with the ma&ter;, Jem Penreath had been less than usual about the place, so that he did not quite know what was going on; and when he heard down in tbe village that the young master of Beach bouse was going to fit up a fine new wash house out of the Btack-house at the back,even his mates were astonished at the ferocity with which he swore he should not do it "A fool!" he said, with an oath; " a wandering, idle fool! Can he not let un alone ? -if he can't be must learn, and I be the one for to teach him !" On saying which he strode out of the beer shop where he was sitting, and darted off to Beach-bouse as if life and death depended on his speed. " Where's the young master ?" he asked, as be flung himself into the kitchen. "Law, Jem, an' you do skeaT me!" cried the servant, letting the jug she was carrying fall from her hands. " Master?-he be out," she answered after a pause, daring which Jem's roving blood-shot eyes seemed, as she said afterwards, " like swordB." "And tbe yonng mistress?" said Jem, in his hoarse, harsh voice, that had almost the effect of an animal's growl. "She?-she be in the drawing-room," re plied tbe girl And Jem Penreath, without another word,. passed through tbe kitchen and shouldered ? bis way to the drawing-room where Alice and her mother were sitting. He knocked at the door, perhaps a little roughly, and a startled voice said, "Come in," with an accent of terror that was almost a scream. Jem opened the door, and came forward. "Ye be a-tbinking of that stack-house?" be said, touching his cap, which he kept on his bead. "We are clearing it out," Alice answered with a visible shudder, as the man pressed forward. "Ye dp foolishly," Jem said ; "I know the place, and ye do know nothing of it. That stack-house, it will tumble down about your heads if yye do touch it. It is all rot-beam and rafter. Be warned by me, miss, and leave nn alone." "I dp not interfere in my husband's ar rangements," Alice answered, with a fair amount of dignity. " If you have any advice to give about the house yon had better give it to him. "But the boys are at work in it now, miss ; and I must speak to you, because I do not know where the young master be; and yon would be skeared, and more than skeared, if you heard the place a banging down like a cannon-ball about un's head; and it will. I tell ye. Be warned, I do say to you again." In bis eagerness, Jem pressed still nearer to. the table by wbich the two ladies were sitting. In tbe midle was a large painted miniature of her husband, tbe handsome captain, which poor Mrs. Mackenzie always carried aboat with her. It was her fancy to have this be loved face for ever before her. and she had brought it with her to Beach-house, where it stood on Alice's table as Bhe had remem bered it, for more than ten years now, stand ing always on thetable at home. It had been taken just before Captain Mackenzie had gone into Cornwall-that fatal sojourn from wbich be had never returned; and it was a wonderful likeness. It caught Jem Penreath's eye; and Alice's blood froze in her veins at the strange, only half-checked, groan, mingled with a corse, which tbe man uttered as his eyes fell on it "Who's he?" he said abruptly, and he touched the picture with his hand. Tbe girl snatched it up, and pressed it to her bosom, as if to protect it " My father!" she cried, standing op, white and trembling, but meeting Jem's fierce look with the courage of desperation. ' " My husband !" broke out the poor widow, laying her hand on the man's arm. " Did you know him ? Can you tell me anything of him?" " .-" I didn't know him, and I cannot tell you tot him." said Jem, speaking slowly and as if withdifficulty; bat by this time he had re strained himself, and had lowered his eyeis to tbe ground. ' Thenhesaidno more, but, still never raising his eye* turned round and leffcthe roojn, and they heard his heavy tread «cho :? tbrougb tbepassafcfc. jAsuddenfear possessed Alice. " Whec&is; \- Walter?" die cried. Mamma! oomewith roe |! that m&n; will kill Walter I I saw it in his ieyes; he means to kill him as he killed pijiaJV s.-i . ' " My child *-Alice-you are raving, ; darlingl" saidhher mother, soothingly; but .. sbatoo was trembling. . i , . ~ > The ;wbole scene, strange, unintelligible^ hanowing as it .was, hftd shaken hfcr nerves, and while trying to restrain, even to /rapport, , her 4avgbtor, fibe needed comfort! for hec 5 :j6ell- "t;.,>'' »»;-.* ir, fl.. j ,. " Iknow *-hat I am saying, mamma-came withwei oomelf 'Her voioehadnowrisen to a Bbrill soteain, . as she caught her mother .; by tbe arm anddraraed her with her through ? fche paasageto the kitcben, aad so on to fcha atock-bposewbichjthemen wereolearing. wilddMkiewning, and^enind ' a" wq# thehousein filial tbe first Christmas Day tbatAlice had ever spent away from her mother's home. Bat what a Christmas Eve^was this 1 Dread Mid nameless anguish within doors- without, gloom, desolation, and tbe awful «len« of a coming storm. The wind was moaning acrobs the towing stretch of waters; the sea-birds wheeledlow, and shrieked and screamed ai if iii, pain ; the wild waves dashed against the * rounding beacb, and tore down tbe qhingle* as tbe; were sucked back into the vast world of «eething waters; tbe heavy sky bong low and lowering-ah! it was, indeed, a threatening ChrifitmasEve on tliat wild Cornish coast, and even the bardy fishermen themselves felt the foreboding influences, and were {saddened though tbey did not tremble. Within the stank-honso the men were working by the fitful light of a f«w lanterns set, on tbe floor, and the candles which, miner-like, some carried in their cat». There were three sturdy fellows from the hamlet; the master workman from the neighbouring town, come to take measurements when the place should be cleared ; and Jem Penreatb, haggard, anxious, desperate-looking, facing; Walter Garwood, who stood with his bands in tbe pockets of bis shooting-jacket looking on, every now and then pausing in bis work to gaze full at the young master, with some thing in his face not pleasant to behold. He had tried to persuade him to leave the work alone, but Walter wonld not, and all the more because the man was so strange and so persistent. It was noticed at the time, and spoken much of afterwards, how Jem stood doggedly to one side of the house where the heaviest stakes were:-why did he look so often at Walter, balancing that heavy clnb across his palm, and with a kind of specula tion in his eyes, a kind of preparatory spring in his feet?-and how he wrought there, nob so diligently as noisily, moving about the logs and stakes and brushwood piled np in that corner with a great show of exertion, but doing so little that tbe other men had turned nut nil the rest whilst his part waft still un finished. And it was noticed, too, how fierce he looked towards the young master, and how, once or twice, still balancing that heavy stake across his palm, he bad edged a step or two nearer. And yet, what ill bad the young man done? and what cause had they to be afraid that Jem would do him a mischief ? But one of them, somehow or another, always managed to get between Walter and Pen reath; and just as they came up to his side of the place, and began to clear away the rubbish thpqce, Alice, wild and white, stood in the doorway, and calling his name aloud, rushed forward to her husband. He turned at the beat of her hurrying feet, at tbe sound of her frightened voice, and tbe. turn saved him, for as be stepped aside, a heavy beam came down on the very spot where he had stood, and at tbe same moment a loud exclamation broke from one of the men. A loose board bad rotted, and the heavy fall of tbe beam broke through the crufnbling wood-broke through on to a battered mass of earth, which it stirred and scattered, showing the handle of something that looked like a cutlass, and a stiffened end of. darkened cloth-some parts a lightish grey, others a blackened red. "Why, what's this?" said tb« master work* man from the town, stooping down. "Leave un alone," hissed Jem. laying his broad hand on the man's shoulder; leave nn alone, I say, or it may be the worse for ye!" "Hey, man! what's this ye say ? It do look like knowing more about a dark job than ongbt to be," answered the townsman, thrust ing him back, while at the same time he pulled at the handle, and brought out a rusty cutlass, with one deep back in the blade. "There'B more where that came from," heshonted; for he was excited, and the find was suggestive. _ " Lower the lights, men, and work away !" cried Walter. " Mother, look to Alice," be added, he too pressing forward with the nest. Bat Alice was not to be kept back. Her eyes wild, her lips apart, her young face blanched, and strangely stiffened in all her limbs, she stood dose by Jem Penreath, despite her horror of the man, holding her mother by tbe wrist, and forcing her to look too. Spadefnl by spadeful they uncovered what was lying under tbe earth-slowly as it seemed to those who. excited, strained, half maddened, according to their degree, waited for that which was to be revealed. And then they uncovered-what ? The crumbling bodies of a man with short, dark, cnrly.locks, and of a woman down to whose waist fell a mass of golden bair. Across the man's breast hung a thick gold chain of a peculiar pattern, to which was attached a locket that had been forced open, and the locket held the minia ture likeness of Mrs. Mackenzie, and on the fleshless hand glittered a diamond ring. A piercing shriek burst from the poor widow. It needed no second glance to tell her who and what she saw. " My husband! Charles? Oh, Charles?" she sobbed, flinging herself on ber knees by the terrible gravi. "And this is hi« murderer!" cried Alice; as sbeclutched Jem Penreath by the arm, and held him. : Strong man as be was-none stronger in all the country round-that slight girl's touch held him. He stood for a moment paralysed tied lost Bis memory went back to this very i day ten years ago-almost at this same hour i when he had stolen on the traces of Mary Mainfote and her gallant lover from Truro, as tbev took shelter in this deserted out house from the storm,"and ended both their lives together. There had been no struggle, no outcry, riO pleading for life-only a woman's hand had grasped his arm, scarcely knowing what it did in the terrible sufipiense'OtthB moment. Quietly, as they sat there in the deepening gloom, he had stolen upon thern from the other side, and one blow had strack tbe life out of him who had gained what he hbd been refused, another had finished the work on her, and had avenged his denial in blood; Thfe whole scene, HO swift and Moody nas it had been, ^rronefot itself «gautbefore his eyes, so that*, he had not felt the tight hand which grasped his arm with finger* . braced to tleiider ban of sfeel as toft'mi. been. ? : ." <-r-. . 'But when the men caraB forward, his senses wcre aroused. Tbe touch of the ^owto'h I . band had been only'a continuance, a pan-of the vision that had been cbnjafced tip again before him; bat when the men's rough grasp seized him, he -woke back tohineelf, tohtt manhood, to his strength, and with3* laugh of contempt he shook them off, aftdatood at ftpp . ? - ?), < Ay, boys, it's come at last!" he Mud, "and ye see it»before ye. I swore it, oho shotald never be living man's if not mine; and I kept my oath; and I kept it welL She and him, they lie there where they courted, and where I'Watched them, boys, and went <mad { bat not so mad that I could not atrika r~that I could not end it all before the day came when die was to gowith hfan~tohM , sbata& Now, ye have it all; aaddo foot . 'jwNttt*' ? ? '. ? ? '. . "L ' \- Swift steps preased forwatl rtiady JiaiUU ruith?, he never was teen in the place again, and necer a mrh, never a trace of him «u found. 4-'a\f» after, drifting with the cnrrent, «wbtfd up by the tid»\ a dreadfai hatn&n; c<-,rp>e was liang <*n the short of a kmelr French viiisge. It was boned in the small cbnrchyard, and HHNMSS for the dead were taid in its behalf; and some pitiful little maiden dang a crown of immortdks on the tameless sod ; and kind sods sorrowed think ing of the friends and lovers of the uukoowu parents may be, mar be children, wife, or lover-who would watch and wait throagh days and weeks of agony and hope deferred, tili perhaps the poor burdened hearts could bear DO more, bat would break under their weight of miser;. So they made up tender and pathetic stories orer the corpse that bad floated to their shores; and none dreamt of that Woody scene which one Christmas Ere saw enacted, and another rere&led.; Beach-boose was soou deserted again after this, and the Garwood*' short occupancy seemed to be the end of its life as a dwelling place. It fell into rains, and got a worse name than ever, being said to be accorsed, and to bring ill lack on any one possessing or occupying it, And when the news came down that way that the poor young lady bad gone clean oat of her mind since that awful rii^ht, and the doctors said she would never be herself again, Beacb- hoose was blamed for it all. and the corse was held undoubted. But Alice was not quite in such a hopeless fctate as report made oat She did certainly for a time ioee ber reason, bat she rallied fcgair-, and threw off ber malady before it bad struck too deeply. And by- cane, and the kindly agency of time, she lost the vividness of the horror that bad overtaken her, and remembering that terrible evening only - as one n-members a bad dream-a dream chat may darken, shadow, sadden oar day, bat that does not destroy the years, nor extend Into the fntnra. 