English Mail. 'We have always made it our object to give to our readers a con tinuous history of ecclesiastical and religious affairs in England and the continents of Europe and America. This continuity has, for the first time, been broken by the loss of the September mail, in the ill fated ' Eangoon.' Much valuable intelligence lies at the bottom of Galle harbour, to be swept by the sub- marine currents into the Indian Ocean. The record of ordinary events has not in the same degree been lost. Through various channels — as, for example, a reprinted summary given by the Home News — the various items have gravitated to Australian readers. It is otherwise with the intelligence from which our summary is drawn. We owe some apology to our readers for not having drawn attention to this omission in our last number. It was too easily assumed that the hiatus was understood ; and the calamity that had befallen the church, in the cruel death of Bishop Patteson, made every column of space valuable. The Nottingham Congress. — Congresses, conventions, and associa tion meetings have recently been the order of the day. The Church Congress recently held under the presidency of the Bishop of Lincoln has been peculiarly successtul. it is said to have been the quietest and least combative of all the congresses held for some years past, certainly of any held since the congress at Wolverhampton. It was marked by less excitement, a less direct conflict of parties, a less vehement display of feeling on the part of antagonistic schools of religious belief. This had not arisen from any deficiency of attend ance or any failure of principles on the part of evangelical church men. It is probable that they attended at this congress more largely than at any previous gathering of the kind. The failure was com paratively on the other side. Instead of being on the defensive, and maintaining a difficult protest against the dominant influence of sacerdotalism, they were strong both in numbers and in influence, and supplied the most popular and effective of the speakers. The general tone was so modified that it became hard to believe that it was a veritable church congress which was marked by so general an unanimity of sentiment and peaceful harmony of feeling. It is true that during the two last days of the congress the sacerdotalists assumed a stronger attitude, and with greater boldness enounced some of their characteristic extravagances, .is for instance confession and the sacraments. Bub the tide of sentiment was against them, and so far from deriving real strength from the high ecclesiastical proclivities of the Bishop of Lincoln, they suffered from them, since the open and pungent rebukes administered more than once by the president had the keener sting from this very circumstance. Dr. Wordsworth did himself honour, and conferred no small service on the church, by his bold and open protest against Romanising practices. It is impossible to charge so great a master of patristic theology with ignorance of church teaching, or so staunch a High Churchman with indifference to church principles. The Bishop of Lincoln's Inaugural Address. — At two o'clock the congress assembled in the Mechanics' Hall, when the large room, holding nearly 2000 persons, was completely filled. The Bishop of the diocese took the chair. First was sung the hymn, ' Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire ; '' after which the Itev. Prebendary Morse offered prayer. In his speech from the presidential chair, the Bishop recalled the state of things three hundred years ago, with a view to elicit suggestions practically applicable to the present time. 1571 was, he said, the culminating point of the English Reformation. It was marked by the final settlement and public reception, both spiri tual and temporal, of the Thirty-nine Articles of Eeligion, and also by the promulgation of certain ecclesiastical canons and constitutions framed by Archbishop Parker, and subscribed by the bishops of both provinces. When we look back upon that year, and upon those acts, and when we reflect on the severe ordeal through which the inspired Word of God has had to pass since that time, and through which it is now passing, we cannot fail to recognise the working of God's'good providence, guiding the Church of England in the course which she then adopted with regard to Holy Scripture, and also with respect to its interpretation. Next in order, he referred to the line taken in regard to the ministry of that Word, asserting that, while our church pronounces no judgment on those communions which, by no fault of their own, are deprived of episcopal ordination, she does not allow any man to minister in her own communion without it. Going into historic details on this point, he instituted a comparison between the course of the Reformation in England and France respectively, tracing the religious and political calamities of Prance even to this day to her errors in that respect. The divisions of Protestantism are Rome's best allies ; she exults in them, and triumphs by them, and does all in her power to foment them. We cannot wage a succes ful warfare against her by means of negations, nor even by fervid enthusiasm. We must have clear and definite principles of doctrine and discipline. The testimony of the last three centuries teaches us that Puritanism is no match for Romanism, and that the only solid bulwark against Popery is Catholicity. Providentially, as we have seen, the Church of England, in the year 1571, enunciated sound principles of Christian faith and church polity. She made no new creed, she set up no new altar, she did not break the line of Apos tolical succession which connected her in an uninterrupted series of bishops for 1500 years with the Holy Apostles, and through the Apostles with Christ. The history of the last three centuries teaches the double lessen — first, not to compromise our principles ; and, second, to take care lest we assert them in a spirit of cold and formal orthodoxy, or of ungenial and unsympathising stiffness and moroseness. We must keep our corner-stones, but they must not be rough, rude, and rugged corner-stones, but, as the Psalmist speaks, 'polished like the corner-stones of the Temple.' The principles of doctrine and discipline which the Church of England had promul gated in 1571 she firmly re-asserted and maintained at the Restora tion in 1660; but on looking back at that period, we cannot fail to observe that it would have been well if some of our leaders in church and State had shown more of meekness and moderation, more of suavity and gentleness, in the hour of victory, and if the mainten ance of sound principles had been more richly adorned and beautified with the loveliest of Christian graces, charity, holiness, and earnest ness. One of the saintliest and most learned of her sons — Henry Hammond — who foresaw the Restoration, but who, according to his prayers, received his Dimittis before it, exclaimed, 'I dread pros perity, I really do dread it.' He feared the triumphs of the church, he wept over them, as Christ wept amidst the plaudits of the crowd. At the Restoration, Puritanism, by an access of reaction, generated Libertinism. Few there were, like the sainted author of the Morning and Evening Hymn, who had the courage to close the doors of his canonical house at Winchester against a royal para mour. For the most part, under the Second Charles there was more antipathy to Puritanism than there was zeal for Catholicity ; and under his successor there was more fear of the Pope than love of Christ ; and in the following reigns (as even a Whig pre late, William Warburton, Bishop of Gloucester, complained to Lord Mansfield in the preface to one of his books on the Divine Legation), many in high places were led by their hatred of Jacobitism to patronise Erastianism, and even to encourage scepticism, and to dis countenance Christian zeal and spiritual vitality as if they were no better than rhapsodical fanaticism. The consequence was, that when John Wesley and George Whitfield appeared in the middle of the last century our spiritual rulers did not care to make use of their enthusiasm, and to give it a right direction and application, so that it might refresh and fertilise the parched places of our land ; but they allowed it to flow away in irregular channels of their own making ; and it is now much to be feared that, unless the waters be led back to their ancient bed by some wise and loving hand, they may be more and more divided and distracted into rival streams of sectarianism, and break forth in violent torrents and cataracts, or spread abroad in unhealthy swamps and morasses, which would have caused shame and remorse to those zealous men who gave the first impulse to their course, and may fill us with sorrow for our own remissriess and neglect. Here, then, in fine, standing as we do on the vantage ground of the year 1871, and looking back through the vista of three centuries, we are prompted first of all to lift up our hearts in thank fulness to Almighty God for His great goodness in enabling the Church of England to perceive the truth, and also to hold it fast. We are brought to the conclusion that if she is to stand firm against the manifold assaults of Romanism, sectarianism, and infidelity, and to be a blessing to Christendom in helping those courageous men in Germany, Italy, and France who are now endeavouring to restore the church of Christ to her primitive liberty and purity by the union of evangelical truth with apostolic order and catholic 'love; and if she is to advance the kingdom of Christ, by preaching the gospel to the heathen abroad, and to her fainting multitudes at home ; she must not stoop to cowardly compromises of the truth, or allow herself to be entranced in the illusory dreams of a hollow conciliation, or to be beguiled by the empty phantoms of a heartless compromise ; she must prefer unpopular truths to popular errors, and not bate a single jot or tittle of that Divine deposit of sound doctrine and dicipline which we have received from our forefathers, and which was transmitted to them by the Apostles, and was delivered to the Apostles by Christ. But while she thus cleaves to the truth, she will endeavour, by God's grace, to be loving to all men ; she will cherish and foster zeal and enthusiasm, vitality and energy, holiness and self-devotion, wherever she finds them. She will. endeavour to enlist them all in her own service, and in that of her Divine Master, and to attract and win all men to Him. She will not move her feet an inch from the pedestal of Divine truth on which she stands, but she will open her arms wide to clasp all to her bosom. To help her in this, her interprise, is, we confidently believe, the design of the present congress in this ancient and loyal town of Nottingham ; and we earnestly pray to God that this may be its result. In this belief and hope we invoke His blessing upon it. The Working- Men's Meeting.— This has become one of the most interesting features of the annual congress, and is always, as in this instance, largely attended. The Archbishop of York spoke ' On the work of Christ in the world.' There were but two religions that had been propagated from man to man — Mohamedanism and Christianity. The first was propagated by the sword ; the second took hold of the human race by the vital force that was in it, had kept that hold, and would keep' it till the world had passed away, and God took account of His people, and what they had done. When I think of the origin of our religion, I do indeed wonder that we are here. Thirty years of an obscure life, followed by three years of a hunted and persecuted life, and then by a death the most igno minious, and then the adhesion of that handful of people who had clustered round that life so long as it lasted. What is this obscure movement in. a corner of the world — in a small country among countries that were great— in an obscure country among countries that were known — in a country without knowledge and cultivation, with Greece and Rome around it, rich in the wisdom of many a past age ? How do you account for this single life achieving these results ? how do you account for His doctrine spreading its roots so far? and who sustained it until these roots have grown into a mighty tree, giving sustenance, and shade, and shelter to all? You may have had some account of it other than mine to give; but, to my mind, the history of Christianity shows to me that it could not have been supported by natural or material agency, but that it had the favour of God from the first, and imparted the knowledge of God to man, and by doing so imparted to him life and salvation. I will venture now, my friends, to allude to what I believe to be lurking in the minds of many of the working classes. I think there is a tendency — if not in this country, certainly in another, but I believe in this country too— for the working classes to say, ' We won't be priest-ridden and taught by priests ; we won't have religion thrust upon us ; we won't have any master over us, and this master calling itself the most powerful of all. We will try what we can do without religion, because we do not think that civilisation stands in any need of religion, and we will do without it.' I read this day a sentence from a recent book by a French scientific writer, and he says that 'it was not petroleum that burnt down the houses of Paris, it was materialism,' by which he meant that there had got into the national mind a determination to do without any other world than this, and to see nothing but this world in which they lived. The consequence was that nothing seemed worthy to be preserved ; let the traditions of the past perish ; let all higher motives and all signs of them perish ; we are going to work for to-day, and to amuse ourselves for to-day ; let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die ; let us be content with what we see around us. I think that, of all unfair proceedings, glorifying our selves at the expense of another nation, and shutting our eyes to our own faults, is one of the least creditable, and it is one I never intend myself to practice. We ourselves will do well to look at home to our own faults whenever we speak of the faults of other people. Appor tion the blame as you will on the neighbouring country, there is still a wish to dispense with religion and a determination to reject Christ. I stand before you to-night, and I hope you will excuse me if I attempt to say things that are too well known to you ; I stand before you to give you certain reasons why I think you will not be able to dispense with Christianity, and certain reasons why I think you ought to take it to your heart of hearts as the greatest blessing' which the bounty of the Almighty has showered on the world, that is rich in blessings. A cheer greeted the key-note of reality struck by the Most Rev. Prelate in going back to the old distinctive definition of a working man. The mayor has said he is the hardest worked man in the place.. I claim to do a little work, but I do not call the mayor a working man. I understand it is the fashion, and I know at this congress it is a very natural fashion, to seek to identify oneself with one's audience. I see, however, this clear distinction. A working man, as I understand it, is a man who has nothing but the skill of his hands and the strength of his muscle between him and positive want; he is a man, therefore, on whom the national distresses fall first and fall the heaviest ; lie is a man, according to my thinking, who, if one has any sympathy to spare, makes the greatest demand on our sympathy. It is on this account I want to see Christianity amongst the' working classes as well as amongst the richest, because as we walk along our streets we see here and there half-naked children, who know they are different from the children of the rich, through no fault of their own. Careless parents may have turned them forth — nay, they may have no parents— and they are in the streets because the street is their natural home, and the sky above them their natural roof, and that goes on up to the present time in the civilised towns of this country. I heard of a family of children the other day, the father of whom leaves them at the beginning of every week, and provides for them nothing whatever; he goes somewhere or other to work, and leaves them to shift for themselves, his children, eight or nine or ten years of age, in the streets, with nothing interposed between them and starvation, except the gifts that may happen to alight upon them. That is an extreme case, but by gradual shades, higher and higher, there are many cases that call for our sympathy in the working classes; and if we are obliged to think that there is in them no hope, except in this life, then I think our feeling of sympathy deepens into one of the greatest pain. The world - is indeed unequal if this is the final distribution of God's gifts. If in this life only we have hope, we are indeed most miserable; if there is nothing hereafter to set straight these inequalities and lift up the hands that hang down, if there is nothing but what we see here, the world is a bundle of intolerable contradictions,' and it is impossible to wonder that discontent and anarchy should come in. To change all that, let there be hope in Christ, let us see, let us believe the Christian lesson that men are all equal before God, let us believe that that ragged child in the street is as dear to Him as the pampered darling of the palace. Let us believe that there is nothing in the lot of the poor to hinder him from serving God as truly as the best of us; aye, let us go farther, and believe — as I for my part do believe — that a man of a higher condition has greater, though perhaps more subtle, temptations to practical unbelief than the condition of the working class have. Then I think all is altered in this lot. We will bear it for to-day if to-morrow shall set it right ; we will bear the darkness, and the rain, and the showers if we are sure of a serene sky hereafter; we could even now make the darkness and the rainy weather sweet to us by thinking of Him who is with us and watches over us. We will believe in God, and then the riddle is unravelled — all the rough is made smooth, our hearts are full of love again — love to God and love to men who are His. I believe it is because our Lord is at this moment revealing Himself in that way to hundreds and thousands of people — I believe it is on that account that He is a living witness in their hearts, and all those powerful attempts to destroy the Gospel, repeated age after age in every form, from the first persecution down to the last infidel book, have failed egregiously in their object, because there is that secret presence of truth in the heart. The Relation of Church and State. — In an able an eloquent paper, Mr. Ryle spoke of the great responsibility which lies upon the present generation of churchmen. It is vain, he said, to conceal from ourselves that the relations between church and state are in a critical and precarious condition . The union is no longer regarded as a sacred thing which may not be touched. It has passed into the list of open questions, and become matter of discussion and debate. A powerful Liberationist Society exists to promote disestablishment. What, then, is the bounden duty of churchmen ? ' We ought to resist actively every effort to disestablish and disendow the Church of England, shoulder to shoulder, hand to hand, and foot to foot, as patriots, as philanthropists, and as Christians. What ever be the defects of the present relation of church and state, we ought to contend earnestly for its maintenance and preservation. That fresh attacks will be made on the Establishment we need not doubt. Mr. Miall's recent motion will certainly be renewed. We may lay our account to see an organised crusade against the union of church and state for many years. Whether it is finally success I f ul or not, depends, under God, upon ourselves. But if it is not I to be successful, it must be energetically opposed. We must I not fold our arms in apathetic indifference, and dream that it is I our strength to sit still. We must buckle on our armour, and do | , battle for the. Establishment principle. 'He that hath no sword j let him sell his garment and buy one.' We may long for peace I and hate controversy; but if others will not let us alone, we must I fight.' Amid hearty cheers from every point, Mr. Uyle went on I to say — ' 1 loathe the idea of a great nation like England ceasing to recognise religion in its government, and practically declaring that to save itself trouble it will ignore God. My whole soul revolts at the thought of such a nation treating its subjects as if they were no better than civilised gorillas, without souls, in order to avoid the charge of sectarianism; punishing and imprisoning them at our expense if they do wrong, and yet refusing to teach them to do right. That modern fashionable expression, 'An unsectarian % system,' is a fine high-sounding phrase ; but so far as I can see, it ia only another name for a godless and irreligious system, a system which must be offensive to the King of kings. In short, if the day should ever come when the English Government shall dissolve the union of church and state for fear of seeming to favour one church more than another — if these things, I say, come to pass, I should expect God's heaviest judgments to fall on this realm. Those ringing words which John Owen addressed to the House of Commons in Cromwell's time are just as true now as they were 200 years ago — 'If you say you have nothing to do with religion as rulers of this nation, God will quickly manifest that He has nothing to do with you as rulers.' ' In the second place, the eloquent speaker pointed out that disestablishment and disendowment ought to be resisted for the sake of the poor. As philanthropists, we should com bine in church defence, for this is emphatically a question for the labouring classes. The dwellers in wealthy parishes and rich town districts may not see this. ' But the poor, let us never forget, would be the first to suffer, if the Church of England were stripped of its endowments and thrown upon the voluntary system. That muoh praised system may do well enough in rich districts, whether in town or country. But I assert boldly that in poor town populations and in pauperised rural parishes the voluntary system is a complete and entire failure.' 'We must take care that we supply the reading public with plenty of plain information about the questions at issue, in a cheap and popular form. The statements that are made by the advocates of disestablishment are often so monstrous and incorrect that it is marvellous how any one can make them, or any one believe them. Yet these very statements, for lack of better information, are of ten greedily swallowed by the lower orders, and pass current as truths. This is a very mischievous state of things, and one which ought to be energetically met. A vulgar error clothed in the garb of a short sarcastic phrase, and impudently proclaimed, is a weapon which often does immense harm. 'A false statement,' says the Chinese proverb, ' has no feet, and cannot stand ; but has long wings, and can fly far.' For example: — State- made bishops and clergy — State- paid parsons — bishops rolling in wealth— overpaid clergymen — church in chains — State-made prayers — pulpit in bondage,' and the like. Who that looks into things and reads does not know that these expressions are coran:un as autumn blackberries among the organs of Liberationist principles, and are devoured as greedily as blackberries by the' rank and file of their supporters? Yet what well-imformed churchman does not know that each of these expression contains a rank fallacy, and will not bear calm investigation 1 But, fallacies as they are, these expressions stick in the minds of many people, and do the church a great deal of damage. They want taking up one by one, and exposing and exploding in good plain Saxon, by leaflets and by tracts. To flood the country with really popular literature about the * union of church and state is a primary duty in the present day.' Hymnology. — This subject was very ably discussed, and especially by the Eev. Dr. Dykes, precentor of Durham Cathedral. At the close of an exhaustive paper, he said — ' I really think there should be a heavy fine imposed upon the editor of every new hymnal for the next six years. Our hymn-books, public and private, now may be counted by hundreds, and nearly every week . some new supplement, or appendix, or complete hymns is projected. All this shows a church alive and at work : but it also shows the existence of a large amount of restlessness, caprice, and self-will. And where is it to end? Many of these are honest attempts to meet real wants, and, as such, are entitled to respect. Others are mere heartless money speculations, and hymn and tune writers are teased into sending contributions, for which there is no call, in which they can feel no interest or enthusiasm, to the great detriment of genuine church hymnody. I cannot think, however, the time has come for a convocation book. What section of the church would hail iti Attempting to please all, it would please none. Shocking nobody's prejudices, it would enlist nobody's sym pathies. ' Faultily faultless, icily regular, splendidly dull.' Like the old-fashioned tracts of a venerable society, it would not touch the church's heart. It would merely send into the field a new claimant on popular favour, and so add to existing confusion. What parish would give up its own popular book for the Convocational Hymnal? What new ' Mitre Hymnal ' would succeed in ousting, for instance, our old friend ' Ancient and Modern ? ' The latter has been more abused, perhaps, than any other hymnal; but it has steadily maintained its ground, and its daily-increasing circulation shows that, somehow or other, it has met and satisfied a real want in the church. It needs thorough revision, both of music and words, and it will meet with this some day ; but I think convocation must be very sanguine if it expects to bring out a book sufficiently successful to supersede this and other good hymnals which have established for themselves a position in the English Church. It would not be amiss if the bishops were to authorise a few existing hymnals which have the largest circulation for general use. This might do something toward the promotion of a greater uniformity in our worship, and also toward stopping the reckless, and heartless, and meaningless, and bewildering multiplication of hymnals. Dr. Gauntlett followed with a paper in which he dwelt upon the catholic missionary teaching power of music in the church. In the church all ought to sing, and the music should be plain, simple, and easy. On Tuesday last he attended St. Mary's Church. There was the opening responses, and then came the Psalms. There was just 400 years difference between the two, and the result was that everybody could sing the first and nobody could sing the second . They should remember the Psalms belonged to the people, and the people were the church. Having illustrated the importance of singing in tune by means of the tune ' St. Jerome,' Dr. Gauntlett referred to the Gregorians, and elicited roars of laughter by remarking that if a man was a little ill and was going to be very bad he would speak Gregorian beautifully, and the other time in a man's life when a person spoke Gregorian was when he was in love. When he was a lawyer he was taught to abstract. He said to himself, what was good for law was good for music, and he therefore abstracted pretty well all the Gregorians he could meet with. Convention of the American Episcopal Church. — The Tri ennial General Convention of the Episcopal Church of the United States was opened in Baltimore on the 4th October. Great interest was excited by the presence of an English deputation, consisting of the Bishop of Lichfield, the Dean of Chester, the vicars of Wolver hampton and Trentham. and others. A reporter who was present at the Convention remarks—' The eminent respectability of the Ameri canised Episcopal Church is shown by the very great number of the great men of the country who are present here as lay delegates. We see here the statesmen and great business men of the nation, who, forgetting for the time the absorbing cares of every-day life, have come to meet in general convention their spiritual advisers and monitors, and with them spend a few days in discussing and settling questions which concern the church intimately. Forty bishops assembled, representing as many dioceses, scattered over the whole vast continent.' The following is a statement of the substance of the important report of the Committee of Bishops on the Ritual Question : — ' The committee recommend the prohibition by canon : First— Of the use of incense. Second — Placing or retaining a cruci fix in any part of the church. Third— Of carrying a cross in proces sion in the church. Fourth — Of the use of lights on or about the holy table, except when necessary. Fifth— Of the elevation of the elements in the holy communion in such a manner as to expose them to the view of the people as objects towards which adoration is to be made in or after the prayer of consecration, or in the act of administering them, or in conveying them to or from the communicant. Sixth — The mixing of water with the wine as a part of the_ service or in the presence of the congregation. Seventh — The washing of the priest's hands, or the ablution of the vessels in the presence of the congregation. Eighth — Bowing, crossing, genuflections, prostrations, reverences, bowing down upon or kissing the holy table andkneeling, except as provided for by rubric or canon, it being provided that reverence at the mention of the name of the Lord Jesus is not inten ded to be disallowed, and it being further provided that private personal devotion, before or after official ministration, is notto be understood to include or justify any of the acts prohibited. Ninth — The celebration or receiving of the Holy Communion by any bishop or priest when no person receives it with him. Tenth—Employing or permitting any person not in holy orders to assist the minister in any part of the order for the administration of the Holy Communion. Eleventh— Using, at any administration of the Holy Communion, any prayers, collects, gospel, or epistles other than those provided in the Book of Common Prayer or canons. They further recommend: 1st, that no minister shall be allowed to introduce choral service without the consenting vote of the vestry, or contrary to the prohibition of the Bishop : 2nd, that no surpliccd choir shall be employed except under the same limitation, and when such choirs are employed the only addition to their ordinary attire shall be a surplice reaching to the ankles ; 3rd, that no church shall be allowed to be so arranged as to prevent the minister from officiating at the right end of the holy table. It is to be noted that a credence table is lawful. The committee further recommend that the dress of clergymen in their H public ministrations be . prescribed by canon as follows : — 1. For Rj bishops, the present episcopal robes. 2. For all ministers, a white H surplice, a black or white stole, a black cassock not reaching below H the ankles, a black gown and bands. They also recommend that n provision be made : 1, that on occasions of services where H expediency or necessity of health may require it, the university S cap may be used ; 2, that candidates for orders, who are licensed H to; act as lay readers, may use the academical black gown.' n The bishops adopted in council the following expression of their views n as to the word 'regenerate' in the Baptismal Service: — 'We, the H subscribers, bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United H States, being asked, in order to the quieting of the consciences of S sundry members of the same church, to declare our conviction as to 9 the meaning of the word ' regenerate ' in the offices for the ministra » tion of Baptism of Infants, do declare that, in our opinion, the word ij ' regenerate ' is. not there so used as to determine that a moral change 5 in the subject of baptism is wrought in the sacrament.' This decla » ration was signed by all the bishops. Bishop Selvvyn spoke at a b missionary meeting held in connection with the Convention, and m assisted at the consecration of an American bishop in the person of n the Coadjutor of South Carolina. His Lordship, by invitation, H preached the consecration sermon. The Bishop also preached, in H . the same city, before the general convention. After this sermon ? there was an offertory for the sufferers by the dreadful conflagration ? at Chicago, which amounted to upwards of two thousand dollars. I The New Lectionary. — The Pall Mall Gazette makes the fol | lowing important remarks: — 'The new Table of Lessons is of so ? complicated a character that the clergy will find great difficulty in 1 working it. Even with the present simple table a great many blunders i are made, and whenever there is a chance of getting wrong a nervous I clergyman is pretty sure to avail himself of it. The lessons which 1 break off in the middle of a chapter, or begin elsewhere than at the I first verse, are very fatal traps to the unwary or nervous. If a lesson I is put down as chap. xx. to v. 19, there is every chance that the reader I will get into the middle of verse 19 before he finds out that it ends I with a comma, and that he ought to have stopped at the end of verse' I 18. A very unsatisfactory flounder is the least ill result that follows. I With the new table the difficulty will be immensely increased, for it I is rather the exception when a lesson begins or ends with the chapter. I To meet this difficulty, the Queen's printers and the Oxford press are I preparing Books of Lessons, to contain the lessons and no other part of the Bible. It is not advisable that the Bible as an integer should fall into disuse. Every one ought to have the opportunity of bringing any one part of it face to face with any other part. For all such work of comparison, and also for ordinary reference, the Book of ' Lessons will be useless, and there will be some fear of its replacing the Bible in the hands of the laity of the Church of England as well j as on the lecterns of the Establishment. The Cambridge press is adopting a very simple and ingenious method of retaining the Bible in its integrity, and yet rendering it next to impossible for a clergy man to get wrong in reading the lessons. Following the example of the Ammonian sections, familiar to readers of the Greek Testament, a mark is made in the margin wherever a lesson either begins or ends. When the margin of the Bible has been thus marked for the whole table of lessons, the marks are numbered 1, 2, 3, &c;, beginning with Genesis i., thus practically dividing the whole Bible into sections 1, 2, 3.' A Ten Days' Mission in Brighton. — The John Bull has a notice of 'a mission' for ten days, organised by the ultra-churchmen of the notorious St. Paul's, West-street, and which appears to have attracted very crowded audiences. We quote from the account an extract from Mr. Wagner's invitatory address marked by simple earnestness. 'Dear reader — Ask yourself whether at this moment you are prepared to die; and if not, remember that God, who has promised to forgive all who truly repent, has nowhere promised any of US' a morrow for that repentance. Oh, do then seize on this most precious opportunity of coming back to and being reconciled again to God, through the precious blood of His Son, which His merciful providence now puts in your way. It may never be offered to you again. There is usually a brief day of visitation offered to each one ? of us, as to Jerusalem of old — a day during which we may be con verted, to God, if we have fallen from Him ; but if we let it pass by without using it, the loss may be irreparable. Resolve, then, to make the most of this present opportunity ; lay aside every worldly hin drance that you can ; and come and sit — as St. Mary Magdalene did — at the feet of Jesus, to listen to His words. But, above all, pray that the- close of this mission may find you truly penitent, and united to Him who is the Resurrection and the Life, our only Lord and' Saviour Jesus Christ. Amen. — A. D. Wagner.' The services appear to have been marked by great contrasts and a singular mixture of 'high and low' doctrine and practice, thus : — ' None can help being struck with the evangelical character of the address, and, with the exception that in nearly every sermon private confession was urged, there was in 'none of Mr. Rivington's heart-stirring addresses anything which might not have been said in a Nonconformist chapel. It is certainly an- astounding circumstance that while in the morning vestments have been worn, and the ceremonial has been very minute and elaborate, in the evening the service has been of such a character as one could imagine the Wesleys holding.' ??jPeelates in a Scottish Kirk.— The 'Rangoon' has in her hold full particulars of the performance of divine service in a Presby terian Church, by the Archbishop of York, on a Presbyterian model. What the facts may have been we partly glean from the hostile com ments of the ritualistic press. The wrath of the Ctoirch Timies and its correspondents is as amusing as it is intense. The following are extracts : — ' The further explanations which have been given respect ing. the Glengarry scandal have had the natural effect of making the thing seem worse than ever. The Archbishop of York has at length found it impossible to brazen out the matter. The gist of his excuse is simply that it was the Bishop of Winchester that had led him into mischief. ... . Fancy what it must be for my Lord Thomson's .grace to plead thatho followed the lead of a mere suft'rngnn of hi? rival primate ! We may add that the attempts to exculpate the peccant prelates are, on the one hand, giving great offence to the Established Kirk, and, on the other, are making the dissenting Presbyterian bodies gird on their armour for a tremendous attack on what they regard as an unholy league between two Erastianisms. . . . The synod of Moray and Ross has passed a solemn vote of censure on the two prelates which is really more severe than it seems, because the excuse which the synod accepted turns out to be unfounded.' It is stated by a correspondent of the ultra journal that — '?' The letter of Mr. Cameron, minister of Glengarry, settles the matter. Dr. Wilber force's ' mission service' is disposed of. The church was lent (and one can respect the incumbent for so stipulating) on the express understanding that the services were to be conducted on the Presby terian model, and we are told ' this was the case on both occasions.' So be it ; Her Majesty may now worship at ' the parish church of Crathie,' listen to Dr. MacLeod, ' Her Majesty's chaplain in Scot land,' be present at the ?' Communion' in a Presbyterian chapel, with the express countenance of an archbishop and of one of the most influential bishops of the Church of England.' The same correspondent, subscribing himself Rector of Hockliffe, writes — ' I wish the Bishop of Winchester could only realise the stumbling-block he is putting in the way of us country parsons, com bating daily with heresy and schism in all its bitterness and restless activity. Here I have three meeting-houses in a village of some 650 souls ; in the eyes of the ignorant, how does a church differ from a meeting-house, after the conduct of our bishops in Glengarry? What is 'consecration,' what are 'Orders' — what is 'heresy,' what is 'schism?' The fjolicy of the English Church Union is, I rejoice to say, ' Defence, not Defiance,' so I conclude it is not proposed to prosecute these offending prelates in the law courts. But the most severe punish ment which can be inflicted on them in the way of pains and penalties can be as nothing compared with what the Bishop of Winchester must suffer on returning to his diocese when he finds not only ' ritualists,' but all sober-minded Churchmen who believe that a bishop is some more than a peer in parliament, viewing his recent behaviour more in sorrow than in anger, and regretting that so little of a former Bishop of Oxford is to be found in a present Lord of Winchester.' The ' old Catholic ' Congress at Munich. — In the letter to the Times of ' One who was there,' we read : — ' In spite of the divergences of opinions which were inevitable in a such a promiscu ous gathering of independent minds, the practical unanimity of the meetings has been beyond dispute. The venerable chief of the move ment, Professor Dollinger, although his natural caution modified his entire adhesion to all the practical proposals of his more stirring col leagues, and although his modesty and advanced years prevented his appearance at the more public meetings, has expressed himself per fectly satisfied with the general result. The general interest taken in the proceedings has been indicated by various unmistakable signs. It must have been no common enthusiasm which enabled a mixed assemblage of several thousand persons of the middle and poorer classes to listen for two successive afternoons to long addresses which, with hardly any appeals to ordinary topics of popular passion, treated in a grave and serious tone the philosophic and religious difficulties suggested by the extreme policy of the Papal Court.' 