A OHOST STORY. Mrs Brook related to me the following particulars in tbe presence of her daughter:—She and htr family were lining at Southampton, iu a small bouse, somewhat out of town.- -Her establishment consisted of a butler and two maid servants. Whenever sbe spent the even ing oat she took the bouse key with ber, nnd desired tbe butler to place ou a table in the hall a candle atid some matches, and go t<> bed, so that ber return might not disturb tbe rest of the family. One evi-ning some friends accom v.mied Mrs Brooks to ibe door, and havings^ea her to tbe dour, took leave and left ber. The noun -waB shining, and it was a fine night. "While Airs Brook was holding ibe matches in her hand, and in the act of lighting tbe candle, sbe saw a man come down tbe staircase into the hall, opposite to where she Blood, still bnsy lighting tbe candle. T hinking it was tbe butler who bad awaited her return, sbe said, "Ob ! how can you be so foolish as to sit up, when you know I have ordered you to go to bed, and do not wish it? Why did you do so!" As she tpnke tbe figure slowly moved along the hall, and began lo descend the kitchen stairs. Not receiving any answer, and tbe caudle now being well alight..slie looked up more attentively, and wondered to herself why tlie butler did not speak, and why be wore a cut-away coat and brass buttons; for, from the dimness of tbe candle an-1 the uncertain moonlight sbe noticed nothing other (rise singular in his appearance. As it was late she went up at once to bed, leaving her door onen in order to hear tbe butler return upstairs to bis room, who was aw.-ifce. I cannot conceive," she said, " why : James should have sat up for me to-night against my exyress orders, and now be is staying tbe most unaccountable time in tbe kitchen, I must, .go and wake Jane" (the maid) "and make her go and see what he is about It is . very odd." The mild was called and asked to go down atid look after James. " Jam°B, mi'an'.!" she-said, " he- is in bed upstairs, and I am sure' he has not. moved or I should have heard -hisi .overhead .and on.tbe.pteira, J am such a light deeper." Miss Brook had heard ' nothing either. Mrs Brook was aghast. "There was a man in the house then, for.Ue passed close to me iu tbe iiall; I did not lo»k at bis face for I was lighting my candle.tnt I took it for granted it was James. Aud the odd coat, too. Tbere is a mau concealed below, and we must make James get ap at once." James was found fast asleep in his bed; be bad never stirred. He got up and went downs'airs, fol lowed by Mrs Brook r.nd her maid. Tbe doors were,, all "barred and locked, the windows . fastened; every hole and corner'was searched, no one jvas found, not a chair even ' had .been moved. At last tired out and very much frightened, they all went to bed. Npxt morning a policeman was sent for, and Mrs B. described the whole occurrence and tbe appearance of tbe figure. " Ob," said tbe policeman, " that was the ghost—many have seen tbat ghost in this house before. -Be walks down those stairs from tbe top <jf tbe hpnse. Years ago his master murdered bim below at the'foot' of the stairs near the kitchen, and his body was found there. If yoii take up the matting you will see the stains of blood in the flooring, which no washing \- will remove." 11 rs Brooks .did see some dark marks on the spot indicated. She left the .house almost immediately. — All > tfte Year Sound. , THE STA'TE OF PABIS.—The A W of the World of-17th-olt.,- received by the California mail, says :—"Telegrams from Versailles on 13th February say that upon the entry of. the Prussians into Paris, troops will be detailed to occui y the houses along the line of tbe route adopted for the passage of the Emperor on tbe 19tb. At noon the Emperor will enter Paris by trqin from. Versailles, .taking horse at the Paris station, .and proceeding to tbe Tuileries, where<be will innch and hold a court with tbe general officers ot the army. He, will then, inspect the army of investment, which -will march with bands playing aud colors flying along a route already indicated. His Majesty will tben return to Versailles, where be jwill sleep, and on the following days he will revisit the Toileri&, and then Tetnrn to Germany, if nothing nccor during the rest of tbe week or month. From trustworthy information received, • the PrnsBian police are 'encouraged to hope that no outward demonstration will occur daring the . Emperor's .S'journ in 'Pans and the triumj.hai defile ot the troops. .IfthetennB of peace determined opon by .Bismarck and confidentially communicated to Favre, are not agreed -upon by tbe Assembly, hostilities , will be renewed immediately upon the expiration of the armistice. -A vigorous procedure will be "'adopted with Paris in the" matterof securing .pledges for war iudemnity. It .is believed the latter, will be fixed at least at four milliards; tint bon cessionB from other paiuteare antiajnted. All the truops before Paris have been fully re; ' lbforced to the utmost war strenjgth, and newjy ' uniformed^ " The Fourtb Co rpBlws belriwd tre'd to Cbartres. Should'peace be proclaimed, all the Lwidwefcr regtiRetitsof iufontryand reserve ravaliy- will fceimmediately sent home and "broken up. The troops of tbe line will remain ,in *be annexed provinces-and snch psrls of \- France as will be retuined till the war indemnity » is paid. The garrison of the fortresses in ' Alsace and Lorraine •frill Trqriire about 60,000, ; 1 inen. —' An irrational factor.—Amad corn-dealer. i n 