Municipal Council. Ths foUoviog is a report ot the discassio&s; taken is the City Council yesterday, on the motions of Alder men Macintosh and Woods, with respect to the sewage question and the payment of the city auditors : — Alderman Macintosh moved—That the City En gineer's report as to the practicability of the construc tion of a main newer, starting at an elevation say of twenty-five feet above sea level* in Liverpool-Btreet west (or other more convenient point within the city), ' 1 aud to be oarried along the moat suitable line to Bondi, with the view that the city and the suburbs along the line above the level of same be drained and discharged at Bondi ; also, a rough estimate of the probable cost of construction, assuming that the tunnel would be through sandstone. Alderman Oatlet did not rise to object to tho motion ; but, if tho report was ordered, hoped it would be taken in the usual turn. There were already several important matters in the hands of the Oity Engineer. Alderman Macintosh said the work would only occupy two or three days, and explained that if they could get rid of the storm waters, they would be better able to control the sewage of the lower parts of the city. Bondi* was about four miles from that part of Liverpool-street where the tunnel should commence, and by taking it along the northern portion of the ridges, they would get rid of the storm waters of Darlinghurst, Paddington, Woollabra, and Waverley. The present sewage system on those portions of the city could be connected with the main Bewer by aditB, and these adits could be put down, and the whole finished at a probable cost of £10 or £12 per running yard. (An Alderman : k* It would cost £100,000.') If it were objected by the owners of private estates to have the sowa: discharged in deep water at Bondi, lie could only say v iatif they gave one persou compensa tion it would 'J far preferable than endangerirg the Uvea of the cibiz.us by a hundred thousand bad smells. The connecting shafts and intercepting drain would probably take about eight miles of cutting ; and really somethiug must be soon done. It was clear that under the preseut system it was impossible to keep the harbour navigable, but if they got rid of the storm waters, which brought down sand from the higher patrons of the town, the sewages of those parts below the level of twenty -five feet above the sea might be intercepted in many available spots and deoderized» As it was intended to preserve the harbour, the Govern ment might very properly be called upon to assibt the Corporation in carrying out the works It would also materially improve the localities above enumerated, ! (Alderman Oatley said it would never be done while I the present aldermen lived.) Even if it should cost LlOOjOOO the expenditure would be warranted. They had already expended L250,000 in useless works, and he was satisfied no better work than that he suggested could be constructed to enable them to deal with tbe sewage. With regard to deodorizing, time was the great materiaL (Aldirman Murpby ; kt I'm glad to hear that.'. He did not say it was the best thing known, as it was perfectly well understood that there were many salts and Bulphates that were appli cable to that purpose ; but time was the moBt frequently uted. He adverted at some length to the proposal that had been made to pump the sewage matter to the southward of the town, but maintained that the plan would be very costly, if not ineffective. The best thing they could do would be to get rid of the storm waters of tbe highest portiousof the City. The report need not cost more that L2 or L3 ; all that there was to do was to walk over the ground two or three times to examine the lay of the country. If they got a probable estimate of the cost, they could lay the matter before the Government. The subject must be dealt with before long. Alderman Day said when he first moved in this matter, Alderman Macintosh was one of the most strenuous opponents to consider such matters, unless they had been originated in committee, and now he asked them to affirm a scheme which they knew nothing about. If the motion was carried, the alder men would virtually commit themselves to the opinion that & fall of twenty-five feet to four miles would be sufficient to carry off the sewage that distance. It was nearly a dead-level. He objected to commit him self to that opinion, and remind the Council that, but for sickoess in tbe family of the. City Engineer, he would have been in consultation with Mr. Dibbs, as to the deodorizing process of the latter. It would be very inadvisable to institute any different system until this deodorizing question had been considered. He believed that the Council shoald adopt the deodorizing system as part of any sewage system. Alderman Oatley had stated that he had no objec tion to the report being furnished, as he was well aware that something in tfiie direction would eventually have to be done; but he Bhouid object to the work taking precedence of any other. He believed, now he had heard Alderman Macintosh's statement, that the report would necessarily cost a great deal of money ; there must be borings, or how would it be possible to get an estimate of the probable cost. He suggested that the resolution bhouid be withdrawn in order that they might see whether the City Kngineer would require any assistance. Very little civil engineering could be done for &uch; a small sum as L3. Alderman Raphael— though he bhouid not object to the expenditure of L10, or even L20, if any eligible pan could be adopted to meet the evil complained of by Aldurmen Macintosh aud Day, — objected to squander any mouey except the matter came before the Council in a inaturer manner. He hoped, therefore, notwithstanding he gave all ciedit to Alderman Macintosh for the manner in which he had taken up this matter, that honour would be given to whom honour was due, and be thought that Alderman Day had also done good Bervice in that respect. The motion should be considered in com* mitteo, when the aldermen could consult their officers on the subjee . He objected to their now going blindly into the matter. Alaerman woods remarked, tnat tnere was a good. ; deal of matter in the resolution that deserved considera tion, but yet the twenty-five feet fall in four miles was in fact nearly a dead level. Alderman Macintosh deserved great oredit for the anxiety he displayed in this matter, but as the question was one that had puzzled the greatest engineers, he thought a more general resolution should be adopted. He would, therefore, move aa an amendment, that the City Engineer should be called on to report on the best , means of utilising the sewage of the city, so as to pre i vent the filling up of the harbour, but ne should prefer | that Alderman Macintosh should accept it as his own. I Tho Mayor said the resolution of Alderman WoodB could hardly be termed an amendment : it was a sub , tantive motion. Alderman Macintosh said he would rather— Beeing so muoh jealousy going on—the aldermen would vote against him. Alderman WOODS pointed out that, by issuing suoh an instruction to Mr. Bell, they would actually commit him to a particular scheme. If be were directed to report upon this, he had no alternative. He had no right, in fact, to recommend any other plan That was why the instruction Bhouid be more general. Alderm&n; Macintosh said he had consulted Mr. Bell about the question. Alderman Woods said the aldermen knew nothing about that. The objection was that they could not consult the City Engineer except in committee. Alderman GbeeN thought it was desirable that the subject should be competently discussed ; it waB a most important one. He could not tell how it got on to the paper in this mauner. and with the information he at present had he felt diffident in dealing with the subject* He would, therefore, move that the matter be referred to the sewerage committee, and that the committee be called together as soon as possible. Aidennan Mubphy said he should not commit him self to such a scheme as that referred to in the reso lution. If they were to commence twenty«6ve feet above tbe sea level, the must begin at Hyde Park corner, about the junction of Elizabeth and Liverpool streets, aud all the sewage of the lower part of the oity would still be discharge ! into Darling Harbour. Something, however, must bp done to effect a^ remedy ; but he believed that it would be better to wait if they could not adopt some scheme such as that which Mr. Dibbs had proposed- When it was brought under i the notice of the aldermen, every one seemed to think it wj'.s very feasible ; but if they adopted the resolution | now before the Council, they would still be in the same position as far as regards the sewage of the lower streets of the city. It was by deodorizing that the sewage of the large cities of Europe was turned to 1 advantage. It had been proposed to tufn the sewage into Rushcutter's Bay, where the fall would be much lower than 25 feet in four miles. If they were to begin at Hyde Park corner, the fall would not be sufficient ; and if we had, as was sometimes the case, six or eic;ht months of dry weather, the sewage would be deposited in the main drain, and the nuisance would be more deleterious to the health of the citizecs. If, on the contrary they were to deodorize the matter in different parts of the city, it could be applied to advantage in cultivating the land. On the whole, therefore, he should prefer leaving the City Engineer to draw up an independent report. Alderman Goold did not think that the Council 1 should entertain tbe scheme. The storm waters were j of great advantage in scouring the Bewers of the city, and if tbey got rid of them, they would interfere with the ordinary drainage of the city, without reaping any j corresponding advantage. The fall of twenty-five feet j in four miles, was only one in 900, rendered it impos- j sible for tbe sewage matter to flow away. Alderman Roseby said, Alderman Macintosh had evidently bestowed a large -amount of pains in con cocting the resolution, and deserved the thanks of the Council for bringing the subject before them. He (Alderman Roseby) was of opinion, that the scheme was impracticable, as a gradient of one in 900 would j not carry off the sewage, but at the same time he thought that the Coapcil should be famished with & I rough estimate of the probable cost, especially as the expenditure involved would be trifling. It would he easy to form that estimate, us there were wells, and , Busby's Bore, along the line of route by which tbe for- - niation could be pretty thoroughly ascertained. He Sioileref0re' SUPP0' AWemaa ^tosh's Alderman Macintosh urged in reply that the f.n would be as great as that of the Hay-street which could not be washed out in consequent form only. The site proposed was a molt favo^b£ one for getting rid of the sewage in deep water^S other modes might be suggested for flushing cn\ lower drains. There were several gorees aloni. H.I i:° that could be fiUed up from tho excavated material!^!! the benefit of the proprietors. With regard tort^ deodorizing procr-s?, he was aware that at iome nWg in Europe the sewage matter only brought 3S «d a f™ M EdinWgh it brought 25s a . but here we w™ differently situated. Ours was nearly a trocirll climate, while that of Edinburgh was a cold cliinah. requiring a deal of manure. A gentleman had recently left Bombay, deputed to examine and renoit upon the best sewerage system in England! He had arrived at the conclusion that the best mode of getting rid of it was to carry it away by water He (Alderman Macintosh) had also the report of the Citv Engineer of Calcutta on the same subject ; and hu opinion was, that the best way was to cany eeiraee away by water. He had thought upon this subject hr many years, and had written letters about it in the newspapers. This was the first time he had brought it before the Council, and be should not be much dig. appointed if the resolution was not carried, as the disi cussion would do some good. He should have had no objection to the matter going into committee, bnt he dirt not wish to see the consideration of the question burked. Alderman Green's amendment was carried. Alderman Woods moved— That no salary be voted for the city auditors for the year 1872. He proposed this motion in accordance with a proposition he had made eight or nine months ago. He thought that the honour of being elccted by the whole of the citizens to audit the accounts was quite sufficient for the labour imposed. Uulike the aldermen, they could discharge their duties in three or four days in the year. He believed, if the allowance was dispensed with, there would be a less number of candidates offering, and much unseemly conduct obviated. ! Alderman Raphael said he was opposed to the reso lution, because the gentlemen elected as auditors were excluded from the social parties given by the different mayors. (An alderman; 44 They were always invited until tbey beoame paid officers.') He knew better. Gentlemen of ability would not accept office if they were to be made use of as street sweepers. (The Mayor repudiated such an imputation.) The aldermen themselves were little more than street-sweepers and sewerage- cleaners. He thought that in any amend ment of the Corporation Act, the gentlemen acting as auditors should be sworn in accountants. Many schoolboys could, from the admirable way in which the_ i 'orporation acoouuts were kept, do the work as well as it was done now, but yet practical accountants should be elected. When he was in office as Auditor, The auditors were never invited on festive occasions. [An Alderman : 'That was a matter of taste on the part of the Mayors.1'] He, for one, had never been invited. [A Voice: 44 You might have been an excep tion. J i±t- cou tended that Mr. Campbell had never been invited, and, therefore, tho auditors ought to be paid. He had seen, in the Times newspaper, a notice to the effect that in three years it had cost England' three millions of money because there was not a perfect audit. Alderman Roseby was glad the matter had been mooted. He sympathised with the spirit of the resolu tion, but could hardly agree that the auditors should receive no payment at alL They could do their work in a very few days in each year, and he. therefore, moved that the salaries of the auditors be. in future, ten guineas each instead of £50,- as at present. With reference to the qualifications of the auditors, the Council had nothing so do with the matter. The citizens, who have the election, have to be the judges. He should be sorry to estimate the value of their services as Alderman Raphael did, by the quantity of turkey, plum-pudding, and champagne they could enjoy at the Mayor's feasts. I Alderman Oatley supported the resolution. The auditors were elected by the general body of citizens, and that honour was far greater than could be con ferred by a paltry gratuity of L10. The auditors before they were paid officers were always invited to the social parties of the Mayor, and they had little or nothing to do in comparison to the aldermen. He pointed out also that one gentleman had declined to act as auditor when a salary was attached to the office. Alderman Mdbphy also supported the motion. With respect to what had been said by Alderman Baphael, he (Alderman Murphy) well recollected when he was Mayor, when that alderman was an auditor, and on one occasion he had at hiB ( A.lderman Murphy's) expense a supply of bread and cheese, and ale and porter. He (Alderman Murphy) considered that a very great stretch of generosity on his part, but the alderman hinted that it was necesBary, and he did great justice to it. The motion of Alderman Woods was then put and agreed te. Cricket. — A match was played at Balmain on Satur day, 14th instant, between the West End Cricket Olub j and the Undaunted Cricket Club, which resulted in a 3 ! victory for the former by one run and ten wickets to : fall. The highest scores on West End's side were W. i Watson and H. Roffcy; and Undaunted's side were J. Elder and G. Nash. The Biloela Gibls Again, — On Monday afternoon lri6t, between 4 and 6 o'clock, the girls )n the reform atory at Biloela commenced a serious disturbance. ' They threw stones and other missiles at the windows, breaking them, and otherwise doing & deal of damage. They could not be overpowered by the police and attendants on the island, and it was found necessary to send for the assistance of the men from the Vernon. Six of the ringleaders were put in a dormitory by them selves, and about 8 o'clock that night they set fire- to the door, which was com* ' nletelv destroved. Eicht of +.h« mrla «a ™ brought up at the Water Police Court this morning, the report of whioh will be found in another column. When the Bench sentenced them, they took the matter a? a joke and went back to the cells again laughing and making a great noise As a caution to those men and bays in boats who cruise round the island* on Sunday afternoon, it is as well to slate^that he police have the power to have them punished if they converse with the girls. The JotfKN'Ar, of ^bihabt. Education.— The second and third numbers of this extremely useful serial have been published, aud they fully redeem the promises which the first number contained relative to - the character and style of the journal. The editorial articles relate chiefly to matters in which teachers are specially interested, and unquestionably, the writer or writers of theni are not sparing in their strictures on what they consider defect in the charaoter of. many of the teachers of New South Wales. On« of these defects is a desire to remain in Sydney, and another is indisposition to study for the purpose of being pro moted by examination. Neither of these defects- css be regarded as very heinoUB, but then they operate injuriously in many ways, and the first of themii specially opposed to the objeot for which. tho Council was appointed, namety, to carry the Public. School system into effect all over the country. As a -remedy- for this defect the Council has resolved- not to appoint* nny teacher as master of a Sydney school who hss net served at least three years in a country sohooh The rigid enforcement of this rnl& will perhaps give country teacheis a better ohance of being removed to the Sydney district than, they had. formerly. The purely professional articles in these numbers are of great value to teachers, and; in addition, the journal contains a uais of infor mation which must be deeply interesting to all engaged, in the tution of youth. If the jpurnal is henceforth to be oonducted in the style of these numbers there cul be little doubt of its ultimate sucoess. A High Chcbch View of Dissent, —Tihe folio wing I is an extract from a book entitled 44 Some Questions of | the Church Catechism and the Doctrines involved, | briefly explained for the use of Families and Parochial ' Schools,' by the Rev. Frederic Anhait Grace, M. A, Vicar of Great Bailing, Essex ' Q. We have amongst uk various sects and denominations who go by the name of DisBenters. In what light are we to con sider them ? A. As heretics; and in our litany we expressly pray to be delivered from the sins of false doctrine, heresy, and schism. Q. Is then their woiship a laudable service? A. No. Because they worship God according to their own evil aud corrupt imagina* lions, and not according to His revealed will, and therefore their worship is idolatrous. Q. Is dissent a great sin ? A. Ye*. It is indirect opposition to our duty towards God. Q. But do we not find among them many good men ? A. Many doubtless are of unex ceptionable character in a moral- point of view, but they are not koty men. Q Wherein consists the difference between a moral man and a holy man? A A moral man is one who acts from tbjs impulses of education, position in society, and other worldly P1^' ciples ; a holy man is one who does good work by the divine aid of the Holy Ghost, duly using the means of grace. Q. Why have not Dissenters been exoommu nicated? A. Because the law of the land does not 'illow that wholesome law of the Church to be aofeed upon; but Dissenters have excommunioated them* selves by setting up & religion of their own and leaving the ark of God's Church. Q. What class of Dissenter* should we bemoBt on our guard against? A Those who imitate most nearly the true Church of Christ Q But are there not Dissenters who use the same form of prayer as ourselves ?- A. Doubtless ; but the prayers of the Church being for the most part from w priest to offer up in behalf of the peoptei it must be sinful aud presumptuous ot those persons who Are called Dissemong teachers to address the throne of grace, usurping the priestly office. Q. Is it wicked then to eswr * meeting-house at all? A. Most assuredly ; because*®* was said above, it is a house where God is worshiw^ otherwise than He has commanded, and therefore it » cot consecrated to His honour and glory j; and. besides we run the risk of being led away by wicked, entioin? words ; at the same time fcy our pxtsence wo arc wit nessing our approval of their heresy, wounding the oon sciences our weaker brttbnj^ -2W examP'S 1 teaching others to So astray, 