The Week. The Dkai and Dumb and Blind Institution.— On 28th ultimo, his Excellency, accompanied by the Countess of Belmore, visited this institution. After hearing several of the blind children read, and the deaf and dumb answer some questions with which the distinguished visitors both seemed pleased, one of the blind pupils waB brought for ward to exhibit the interesting way in which this afflicted class can communicate with their little deaf and dumb com panions. To see these afflicted children — one deprived of sight and the other of hearing and speech — able to converse and enjoy each other s society, shows the benefits which such an 'institution as this bestows on the objects of its care, and strongly commends it to tbe benevolence of the Christian community. We understand his Excellency and the Countess expressed themselves pleased with their visit. Commission or Lunacy.— An inquiry was held at the King-Btreet Court-house, on the 28th ultimo (under a writ de (unatico inqttirendo ), before Mr. W. Owen, bar rister-at-law, as commissioner, and a jury of thirteen, a8 to the competency of Mr. John Walker, 'of the Glebe, to manage his own affairs. Mr. Davis, instructed by Mr. John Dawson, appeared for the petitioner, Mrs. Walker, the wife of the alleged lunatic. Mrs. Walker and Drs. Manning, Nathan, and Foucart having- been examined, it appeared clear that Mr. Walker laboured under a delusion that he bad been ruined by some speculations, which delusion ren dered him incapable of managing his affairs. A verdict was found to that effect. Burglary. — On Tuesday night, or early on Wed nesday morning, some thief or thieves effected an en trance into the shop of Mr. Maddock, bookseller, in George-street, and carried away about £20 worth of pro perty. No person sleeps on the premises. The robbery was 'first discovered by one of the assistants, whose duty it is to lock up the premises at night and open them in the morning. Before he left on Tuesday night, he saw that the doors and windows were all fastened. On entering the premises on the following morning, he found that a pane of glass in the library window at the back part of the shop had been broken, and it was soon seen that the thieves had by this means undone the fastening of the window, and so managed to get into the shop. About £12 or £15 worth of postage and duty stamps, and about £5 or £6 worth of loo9e cash which had been inadvertently left in the till, were stolen. Two or three cheques that lay in the till were found on the floor. The till and stamp drawers were prised open by means of some instrument, iu order that their contents 'might be got at. The iron safe and other ai tides in the shop have not apparently been interfered with. Bai.m.yin van Cir i.'itcu. — A tea meeting in cele bration of the anniversary of this Church, was held on Tues day evening in the Oddfellows' Hali, Balniain. About two hundred persons sat down to tea, which was provided by ladies of the congregation. A public meeting was held afterwards, Mr. G. W. Allen, M.L.A., in the chair. The annual report submitted by Mr. Watkin showed that the trustees had a credit balance of £14 ; and that the loan fund debt had been reduced to £60. Besides this there was a mortgage of £750 on the Church, the interest of which it was hoped would be saved by securing the amount as a loan from the loan fund of the Wesleyan denomination. The Revs. F. W. Ward, C. M'CulIoch, W. Curnow, J. Watkin, J. G. Fraser, G. Hurst, and F. Firth; and Cap tain Welch, then addressed the meeting, the choir at inter vals varying the proceedings by singing anthems. A col : lection was made during the course of the evening, and at I the close of the meeting thanks were awarded to the ladies, I the choir, and the chairman. The benediction concluded the proceedings. Amusements for Saturday. — Randwick Races ; the ? Prince ef Wales and Royal Adelphi Theatres ; th; levees of Giant Chang at the School of Arts ; Spencer's Mechanical Museum ; Concert at the Temperance Hall. ASSAULT ON Mil. DAVID UlH-I! ANAN, M.L.A. — j Shertly Lefore 1 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. D. Buchanan, M.L.A., was suddenly and violently assaulted I in King-street, between George and Pitt streets, while [ walking leisurely and unsuspectingly along the first i mentioned thoroughfare. Mr. Buchanan observing thit a ' person of gentlemanly appearance, was coming towards him, | apparently with the intention of speaking to him, stopped i to allow the gentleman (a stranger to him) an opportunity of interrogating him. No sooner had he come close to Mr. Buchanan, than he struck him with considerable violence in the face with his clenched fist— inflicting a slight bruise on his cheek. Mr. Buchanan, who had been taken off his guard by the rapidity with which the asrault had been com mitted, sought to defend himself with a walking stick he carried with him, and was able to a great extent to ward off the blows aimed at him by his adversary. One well aimed blow made by Mr. Buchanan at his assailant struck him on the hat, which warded it off successfully. The police having come up, Mr. Buchanan preferred a charge of assault against the man (who gave his name as Kennedy), and he was at once removed in custody of the police to the Central Police Station. It there transpired that the name of the person who committed the assault on Mr. Buchanan was i William F. Kenncdv ; that he was now a Justice of Peace for the colony of (Queensland, and late a member of its Legislature ; 'and that his occupation was that of a sugar planter. Kennedy is a man of middle age, considerably above medium height, and of a slight build. No reasons have as yet been given by the prisoner as to the causes which led him to commit the assault. It has been stated that Kennedy arrived early yesterday morning in this city from Queensland (per steamer)', and alleged that he came from that colony with the express purpose of meeting Mr. Buchanan, choosing King-street as the place whore he was most likely to be found. Up till a late hour on Wednesday, Kennedy (who remained at flic Central Police station) was unable to find bail, but was twice visited by the Rev. Mr. Dwyer. The charge preferred against Mr. Kennedy by Mr. Buchanan is one ot assault, and was heard at the Central Police Court on Thursday, which terminated with the committal of Mr. Kennedy for trial at the next Criminal Court. Bail allowed. Accident on hoard t i i v, IIavil.mi (*.)— On Wed nesday, us the steamer Havilali, from New Caledonia, was being moored alongside the A. S. N. Company's wharf, an accident occurred whereby Mr. Flanisted, chief officer, and oue of the seamen who were on the forecastle at the time were rather severely injured. It appears that all the mooring lines had been made fast, and tbe engines were going slow astern in order to bring the steamer close to the pier, when the bow line which was being hold by the bare end with one turn round the capstan, had to be let go, as the seaman was not able to hold it. The rope being suddenly released struck the chief officer and one of the seamen who was standing near him, knocking them both down. Mr. Flamsted's right knee is much bruised and swollen, bat he is not so much injured as the sailor, who had to be removed to his home in a cab. The Chiei' Justice on the Crime or Pkiu uitv. — At the sittings of the Maitland Circuit Court, on the 28th ultimo, when sentencing John Lawless aud James Lawless, who bad been convicted of perjury, and Charles Spratt, who had pleaded guilty to a similar charge, His Honor, in addressing the prisoners, said he could re t-ogiiise no distinction whatever between the three cases. If it was said that Spratt was a cattle-stealer, so, he said, was James Lawless also equally .so, if indeed he were not more so. He did not think that Spratt' s case was at all worse than that of James Lawless. As far as the perjury in this case was concerned, he believed it was a base con spiracy against the prosecutor throughout. It seemed to him that men now, instead of taking their trial as men used formerly to do, and making out the best case for themselves that they could,— and which they could perhaps scarcely be condemned for doing— they now got some one to come forward and perjure themselves on their behalf. All the interests of society should be up in arms against this crime. It was essential above all things that truth should be upheld in a Court of Justice, else men who committed the very worst of crimes might escape. Perjury was a most horrible crime, and one of the greatest crimes against society that could be committed. In this case it had been committed with a deliberate intention to enable a cattle-stealer to escape from punishment ; but it was a matter of deep congratulation that justice had over taken these offenders, and that juries had been found to do their duty. It was the duty of the Judges to punish this offence with great severity, so that this heinous crime might be put down with a strong hand. He would therefore sentence each of the prisoners to five years' hard labour on the roads. The Chinese Giant. — A few months ago four of the most diminutive, but perfect, human beings ever known to have lived, exhibited themselves in this city to large concourses of people. The same building which they used — namely, the School of Arts, in Pitt-street— is now occupied by Chang Woo Goo, the tall man of Fychow, the largest specimen of humanity known to be living. His first levee was held on Saturday night, and was pretty numerously attended, notwithstanding that the rain poured down in torrents all the evening. Chang has gained a world-wide reputation. During the past six years he has been travelling through Europe and America ; and latterly in New Zealand and Victoria. According to his autobiography, he has travelled up and down throughout the world in obedience to a paternal injunction. lie re ceived the patronage of several crowned heads of Europe ; and to show the popularity which he achieved in England it is only necessary to state that the volume of Punch for 1865 was dedicated to him. The English Press generally has passed the highest encomiums upon him, ana this in itself is sufficient to ensure him a good reception in these colonies. He is not only the tallest but also one of the handsomest, if not the handsomest, Chinaman that has ever found his wa.y here. He is eight feet three inches high, and his figure is remarkably well proportioned. He wears a gorgeously embroidered dress, and walks about amongst his visitors in a stately dignified manner. He possesses a good-natured intelligent-lookingcountenance, and his manners are most courteous, affable, and refined ; and moreover he is a gentleman and a scholar. He moves freely about amongst his visitors, the tallest ef whom appears a mere pigmy alongside his lofty figure. He seems to take especial pleasure in exhibiting a silver watch, which was presented to him by her Majesty, and the size of which corresponds with its owner ; aud every now and then he writes his name in Chinese characters on the wall, about ten feet from the tfoor. Kin Foo is a Chinese lady, possessing personal beauty and amiable manners. Her part of the entertainment is to look after a stall containing a variety of Chinese nicknacks, &c-.;, for sain. Meeting of Veterinary Sukbeonk. — A meeting of veterinary surgeons, convened by circular, was held on Saturday last, Mr. Rogers, M.R.C.V.S., occupied Ihe chair. The object ef the meeting was twofold— first, for the framing of a constitution similar to the Veterinary Associations of London and Edinburgh ; and second, tor the investigation of diseases now ravaging the flocks and herds of the colony. Although the weather was extremely wet, a fair number of representatives from various parts of the colony were present. Others, unknown to the con veners, and who are willing to aid the society, would oblige by forwarding their address to the secretary, Mr. J. Pottie, V.S., Sydney, and such organic samples of great diseases, with their views thereon, so that the association may be pieced in a position capable of rendering advice and help to its patrons. Mr. Stewait, V.S., ef Windsor, introduced the subject of worms in sheep, and exhibited specimens of sheep worms. A mic roscopical and chemical investigation followed, the society being unanimous in its mode of treat ment. It was also arranged to send from Windsor diseased sheep, to the secretary, so that experiments might be made with certain kinds of nutritious food, and that a paper be drawn up by him at as early a date as possible, and pub lished, embodying a correct history of the origin, symptoms, and treatment of worm disease in sheep The Sydney Infirmary.— Report for the week ending 1st May : — Admitted, 18 males, 10 females ; total, 28\. Discharged, 11 males, 9 females ; total, 20. Died, 2 males, 1 female ; total, 3. Remaining in house, 157 males, 74 females; total, 231. Subscriptions, &c.;, received, £37 12s. The number of new cases treated as out-patients by the district surgeons during the month ending 30th April has been 106 men, 117 women, and 46 children ; total, 269, Ot these, 61 were visited at their own homes. tT. John's, DAKLiNui-iiUST. — On Monday evening, pursuant to advertisement, a public- meeting was held in bt. John's schoolroom, Darling-hurst, to take into con sideration the liberal offers made by two of the parishioners towards the completion of the adjacent church, by the erection of a tower and spire and the providing of a peal of bells. The meeting was convened by the churchwardens, Messrs. G. King, M. H. Stephen, and H. E. A. Allan, and was more numerously attended than might have been anticipated, considering the very unsettled stata of tha weather. On the motion of Mr. H. E. A Allan, seconded by Mr. F. II. Dangar, the Rev. Thomas Hayden, the in cumbent. was called to the chair. Proceedings having been commenced with prayer, the rev. chairman said that tha meeting had been called by the churchwardens for tha purpose set forth in the advertisement, and mentioned during Divine service on the previous day. St. John's Church had now been licensed for the celebration of public worship for the last fourteen years, it having been understood, when it was first opened, that the edifice was to be completed for consecration as soon as possible. During the time that had elapsed the debt upon the structure had been all cleared oft, the parsonage built, and the parochial schoolroom built and enlarge! at the cost of the congregation. The time, however, had now, it was thought, fairly come when the church should be completed lor consecration by the Bishop ; and funds would have to be provided that, in completing the building, the church should not be burdened with any debt. He and the churchwardens had been much en couraged in tbeir hopes in this direction by the receipt of a letter from Mr. F. Tooth (one of the members of the congregation) wherein that gentleman had generously said that he would himself contribute one-tenth of the entire cost of the completion of the church, &c.;, if it were carried out during the next eighteen months. (Applause.) Another gentleman, also a member of the congregation (Mr. F. H. Dangar) had kindly promised to give £100 towards the work. The Me tropolitan Bishop had decided that he would not consecrate any church on its completion unless it should ba altogether free from liabilities, so that the total expense of the pro posed completion would have to be met. The rough esti mate made by the architect was £1200. This, it was believed, would be suflicient to complete the edifice, with a handsome tower and spire, £700 more being required for a peal of bells. He thought that they could raise tho greater part of ibis sum in that parish without much diffi culty. He conceived that they were bound to complete tho church without delay: for its unliuished state, as seen from the road, was unsightly, and a discredit to the parish. Tlie uniinished outside on the west looked very ill, and was out of all keeping with the interior, which might vie with that of any other church in Sydney. Mr. F. II. Dangar moved tbe first resolution, which was as follows, — ' That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is desirable that im mediate steps be taken to complete St. John's Church by erecting tbe tower and spire, and (if funds permitted) to provide a suitable peal of bells.'' Mr. Dangar supported the resolution with a few earnest and practical words, in sisting strongly on the propriety of completing the church, as now proposed. At present the exterior of the church had an unsightly and incongruous appearance, which tbe ercction of the tower and spire would obviate. He was of opinion that they should bend their energies upon the completion of the tower and spire first. Mr. Edward Stephen seconded the resolution, entirely agreeing with Mr, Dangar in thinking it would be best to devote their sub scriptions to the completion of the tower first. Mr. Stephen also upheld the resolution by several cogent arguments ; adverting strongly to the advantages which would ba deriv able from tlie alterations, and pointing out that the chanses would naturally result in a far more commodious arrange ment for the choir — now too much isolated from the con gregation. After the needful change, the choir might sit in the body of the church, where tbeir presence would quicken the responses, at present but too generally neglected. Mr. Allan also supported the motion which had been spoken to. The resolution was carried by a unani mous vote. It was then moved by Mr. George King, and seconded by the Rev. 11. King,—' That, in order to carry into effect the foregoing resolution, the following gentle men be requested to act as a Building Committea, with power to add to tbeir number : — the clergymen and the churchwardens, with Messrs. F. Tooth, F. H. Dangar, H. Prince, R. Hills, E. Stephen, and J . Street, and that Mr. F. Tooth be appointed honorary treasurer, and Mr. F. H. Dangar honorary secretary.' Both mover and seconder spoke in favour of the resolution, which was carried by a unanimous vote. About £434 was paid or pro mised before the close of the meeting — £234 being made up, exclusive of Mr. Tooth's one-tenth of the whole sum required, the tenth amounting to about £200. The pro ceedings were brought to a conclusion by the benediction, pronounced by the incumbent. The Rev. Mr. AUworth and Mr. F. Tooth were amongst the gentlemen present. The Bf.lmore Markets. — Between tweuty and thirty stall-holders in the above markets met on Tuesday even ing, at the Belmore Arms Hotel, Pitt-street South, near Campbell-street. Mr. P. O'Hehir in the chair. The chair man, having read the advertisement, said that lie had called them together that they might express an opinion as to the best way of having the southern side of the northern market shed secure from the inclemency of the weather. He hoped that some one would move a resolution to the effect that such an alteration was necessary, which might be embodied in a petition. This petition he would get signed, and after that he would give it to the alderman for the ward, who would present it to the City Council. _ Mr. Simmons hoped that if they did get the southern side of the north market covered in, it would not be by doors. Ho would like to see it boarded halfway down from the roof, so that it might at the same time keep out the rain and admit the fresh air. Mr. Henderson moved, — ' That the City Council be requested to roof the open passage between the markets with zinc, as in the George-street markets, so that they might in future be secure from the injury sustained by 'them on the previous Saturday night, from the combined effects of wind and rain.' The resolu tion was seconded by Mr. Collier, and warmly supported by Messrs. Stroud and Pratt. Having been put to the meeting, it was carried unani mously. Mr. Isaacs moved, — 'That the chairman be desireel by this meeting to get the above resolution em bodied in a petition, to be sent round to the stallholders on the following Saturday evening, for signatures, and to be afterwards forwarded to the City Council.' Seconded by Mr. Henderson, and carricd. Several of those present made statements of the injury they had suffered during the stormy weather of last Saturday night ; the loss of some stallholders (goods spoilt) being represented to have amounted to bs much as £4. Several then complained of the fees paid for their stalls (3s. per single stall), as being exorbitant, and more than they could well bear. The discussion which ensued, touching on other matters than those that have been alluded to, were ruled as out of order by the Chairman, who told the meeting that if it had other grievances than that of injury from being exposed in inclement weather to the rain, another meeting would have to be called. The proceedings were closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Crown Lands' Alienation Act of 1851. — Under date, Sydney, April 12, 1871, it is notified, for public information, that his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to make the following additional regulation for carry iug into effect the Crown Lands' Alienation Act of 1861 ' Every appli cation for rescission of reservation of water frontage under the 12th section of the Crown Lands Alienation Act, shall be accompanied by a deposit of £5, which, if the application be complied with, will form part of the purchase-money, but will be returned if the application be refused. If the application be withdrawn, or the applicant fail to complete the purchase within the six months limited by the 20th clause of the regulations, the deposit will be forfeited.' To Whomsoever it may Concern. — At the Central Police Court on Wednesday, Messrs. Pinhey and Day sentenced a woman named Parker to six months' im prisonment and hard labour for having by false representa tions obtained for some months out-door relief from tha Benevolent Asylum. There is too much reason to fear that it is a by no means uncommon offence, and it i* believed that ere long some others will be brought to punishment. Royal Foresters at the Glebe. — A new branch of this excellent Friendly Society was opened in due form and ceremony on Monday night, at the Forest Lodge Hotel, on St. John's Road, at the Glebe. Scalded to Death. — The Btailitjuin Chrmkk of j Thursday, 27th ultimo, records the deatn of another victim to the too common and frequently fatal habit of leaving vessels of Ecalding water uncovered in situations where children are likelv to come in contact with them to their suffering and death. Last Friday, Mrs. Angus Cameron, ?wife of a farmer living at Canberra, removed from the lire a boiler of ecalding water, and stood it on the floor near the fire, leaving the lid off, while she went out to the yard to milk the cqwb. She left in tbe house two little girls of the tender ages of twa years and two months, and three years and ten months respectively. As the mother left the house her 6on, eight years old, went in. Presently Mrs. Cameron's atten tion was arrested by hearing the elder of the two little girls calling, *? Mammy,' Kate jumped into the pot.' The mother hastened to the house, and found little suflenng Kate stand* ing close to the door — her clothes wet, and hot, and steam ing — crying and moaning in a low bitter manner, as if in excessive pain. She took the poor child's clothes off, and the skin in several parte came off her back with the clothes. She was severely scalded on the back, abdomen, and thighs. The mother dredged the little sufferer s body with flour, and sent for the doctor, who came and did what he could, but death mercifully came to the little one s relief within a few hours. The brother Douald 8&id; that he whs writing at the table, and heard Katie scream, and looking round saw her sitting up to her waist in the pat of hot water, with her legs and aims out of the pot. He ran and lifted her out at once, while the other little girl went and called her mother. These facts were deposed to at an in quest subsequently held, when the jury returned a verdict of ' Death from accidental scalding.' Vagaries of a Prisoner.— The Chinaman in Deni liquin gaol convicted of murder, and now awaiting capi tal punishment, ie reported by the Wagga Advertiser of Saturday to appear a6 totally indifferent to his fate, as might be 'expected of a Pagan monster who has killed several persons, and is evidently a most bloodthirsty savage. His cry is for some hum, and he tried to bully the gaoler, Mr. Rankin, because that officer told John that ham was not among the gaol food allowance ; but the latter replied that during his stay in this world the Judge stated the prisoner was to have all things temporal as well as spirit ual which he might demand; so John fixed on ham as, in his estimation, containing all that was needful for him. He protests against being ' chained' too. No information has been received from the Executive as to the final disposal of this celestial, who is evidently unfit to live and unprepared to die. An Old and Lvdicrovs Ceremony. — The London Daily Telegraph of the 11th February, referring to the opening of Parliament, says Surely the gloomy fanatic who, in the reign of James 1. so nearly succeeded in blowing up the Houses of Lords and Commons, mu6t have been related to the horrilic personage whose effigy, dreadfully hirsute, and with a coil of steel spring instead of a stomach, is etiil visible in some of our toyshop windows. There is a curious affinity between Guy Fawkes and a ' Jack in the Box.' You shut Jack down in his coffer ; you forget all about him ; but some day an indis creet or a mischievous hand unfastens the box, and up starts Jack, more preposterously ugly than ever. He ia irrepressible— and so is Guy Favkes. We handed, drew, and quartered Guy ; yet that didn't Fettle him. 'We found out that his name wasn't Guy or Fawkcs at all, but Guido Vaux ; and even that discovery did not avail us. We have discontinued 5th of ^November services : discouraged oth of November processions, and put down bonfires and squib- throwing by ihe strong arm oi the law. Notwithstanding all our efforts, the incorrigible conspirator continues from time to time to fly up in our faces ; and it almost passes belief to he.ir rh'it Guy Fawkes was made the excuse for a solemn Parlia mentary ferquisiliun in the vaults of the Palace at West minster no later than last Thursday morning. It lias been the custom, ever pince the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot iu 1C05, to starch beneath the Houses of Parliament just before they arc opened, and to make sure that there arc no barrels of gunpowder stowed away by tbe ghost of Guy. This ancient and interesting ceremony was per formed on Thursday by a party of her Ma jesty's Yeomen «f the Guard, under the command of Captain Morev, with sundry of the bizarre creatures called ' M arsh.it - men,' and other officials of the House. The procession by lantern-light through the vaulted chambers had, it is said, a highly picturesque effeot : but we cannot err, w« should say, iu assuming that the searchers did not find any explosive materials; that the 'picturesque effect ' was not heightened by the apparition of Guy Fawkes in propria per -?(, n«, with lurid 1 lames issuing from his eyeless sockets ; and that, in line, nothing was found savej per haps, a few cobwebs and a mare's-nest. Is it not time that such ridiculous mummery should be done away with r lf the vaults of the Hou=e must be examined, would not a couple of police constables he adequate to the perform ance of the task !' Ai!c«--ndix(; Debtors,— During the vieit of tho At 1 orney-Genernl to Mount Gambier (says the South Aus tralian Register) he was interviewed by a deputation who forcibly put the levanting grievance, and asked for a remedy. Mr. Baker was reminded that successive Govern ments had been applied to, and that as yet the evil had not been abated. Defaulters could still cross the Border and laugh at their creditors, who could not get legal redress, however able the debtors were to pay. The Minister, in his reply (as reported by the Border Watch),- admitted. that that state of affairs was very unsatisfactory. ' This matter was first brought under the notice of the present Government by Mr. Laurie, and it was decided that the members representing South Australia should bring the subject under the notice of the Intercolonial Conference. Accordingly Mr, Townsend did 60. The Attorney-General of New South Wales thereupon undertook to prepare a bill and send a copy to each colony. This bill, even if prepared, couid not have passed all the colonics on account of the difference in the Courts, but the most important principles could. Ae, therefore. New South Wales had undertaken to prepare this bill, South Australia and Victoria waited. Considerable time elapsed, and he communicated with the Government of New South Wales, and found that nothing had been done. This was three or four months ago. The reason, he believed, was that something was taking place that often occurred in the Australian colonies — a crisis— and the Government were just hanging on by their eyebrows and could not do any thing. A new Government came in who were not aware ef the promise made at the Conference. He again communi cated with New South Wales, and a few days ago, while travelling in the south-east, received a telegram, stating that they had not yet prepared a bill. It was understood that New South Wales should prepare a bill and South Australia had nothing to do with it. It would, therefore, have been uncourteous to take upon themselves the preparation of one. If they did they would probably be told that they should not interfere. Now, however, he did not rtiinfr it would be improper to take it out of the hands of New South Wales, and prepare one themselves. (Hear, hear.) He was expressing the views of tbe whole Ministry in this matter. The only promise deputations generally received was that their colleagues would be consulted ; but as he had already consulted his colleagues, he could assure them steps would be taken to remedy the unsatisfactory state of things. (Hear, hear.) There was ene remedy which would, if not effectually, to some extent, mitigate the evil —an arrangement between the Governments of South Aus tralia and Victoria, by which judgments obtained in the local courts in this colony Gould be registered in any inferior court in Victoria, and be acted upon as if obtained in that colony . This could easily be carried out. It was already the case as regarded the Supreme Court — any judgment obtained was recoverable in Victoria by registration. How to get a judgment when a man had left the colony was another difficulty. He was not able to suggest a reaedy in that case. He would communicate with the Victorian Government on the subject, asd in the event of New So*th Wales not preparing a bill shortly would himself prepare a private bill. And so far as South Australia was concerned the difficulty would be met by a bill passed, which would be introduced. He doubted not Victoria would meet them as ehe had hitherto done, and try to remedy the state of things that existed. There was ene other matter, which was this. As far ag the goods and chattels of a debtor were concerned, nothing could be done in Victoria but seize tii em. In that colony imprisonment for debt was abolished, and would propably shortlv be in South Australia. Thus die debt could only affect tbe goods and chattels of a debtor, and, therefore, it would be for the creditor to be more care ful in giving credit.' Meeting at Melbourne with reference to the Mvrdeh of Me. Baillie at Fiji.— The Melbourne Ttlcgraph reports that at the Yorkshire Hotel, Wel lington-street, Collingwood, on Thursday evening, a meeting was held of the friends of the late Mr. Henry Scott, whose name has been so unhappily mixed up with the murder of Mr. Baillie, in Fiji, and whose supposed suicide has been announced since the murder. There w$re about thirty gentlemen present, and the chair was occupied by Mr. W. Prytherch. The chairman said that he had known the deceased Mr. Scott for the last eighteen years, and in spite of all that had been said, he refused to believe that a gentleman so highly known, and of such an amiable cha racter, could ever have been guilty of the vile murder imputed to him. The jury who returned a verdict of mur der against him, he believed, had not done the deceased gentleman justice, for that verdict had been hasty and ill advised. To his (the chairman's) idea, tbe most probable solution of this mysterious tragedy was, that a double murder bad been committed by some vile persons, and then Mr. Scott* s body placed in such a manner and under such circumstances as to throw suspicion of the murder on him. Mr. Myers, at some length, reviewed the accounts received of the_ tragedy as published in the papers, and directed the attention of those present to several discrepancies and in accuracies in the narrative as it had been told. He did not believe that any jury could have been found to convict a living man on such unreliable and inconsistent evidence as that given before the jury in this case. He then spoke of the character of Mr. Scott, and expressed a firm con viction that it was such that he could never have been guilty of such a crime, and unless he was insane— and he aid not believe it even in that case. He pointed out how few whites there were on the island of Levuka, and said that in all probability the jury numbered some of the real murderers and robbers. In con clusion, he moved — ' That in the opinion of this meeting the recent despatches from Fiji fail to prove the late Mr. j Henry Scott guilty of the murder of Mr. W. G. Baillie, and until further proof is received, in accordance with British law we must believe him innocent until he is found guilty.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Colville, and Mr. Hewlett, a personal friend of Mr. Scott's for the last twenty years, indignantly refused to believe that the deceased gentleman could ever have been guilty of such a crime as that imputed to him. The motion was then carried unanimously. Mr. Turnbull moved— ' That' a deputation be appointed to wait on the members for Collingwood— Messrs, Bates, Harker, and Vale— and request them to ascertain if the Victorian Government could adopt any measures to clear up the mystery and remove the stigma attaching to Mr. Scott's memory.' Mr. Randall seconded the motion, which was, like the previous one, carried unanimously ; a deputation was appointed in conformity with the term s of the resolution. How Hordes are Sometimes Bro-:en-in, — The South Australian Register of the 10th April relates that on baturday afternoon a young horse, that had only on the previous day been roped, was mounted by Mr. W. Rehder, of Tothill's Creek, and ridden into Kapunda, Very naturally, the poor bea6t was rather restive ; but as it passed along tlie main street it bore terrible marks of whip punish ment, and was bespattered with blood. The owner, having j left the beast at the Sir John Franklin 6tables, went to the ' Morning Star, where a sale was going on, and near wliich place in tbe pound he had another horse. On this latter animal he, about o p.m., raced, having wagered £1 a-side. While on the road Rehder's nag bucked, the saddle girths broke, the rider was thrown on the beast's nock, and down both came, the horse partly rolling over on his master, who was picked up insensible, and it is feared will not recover from the injuries received. Drs. Brach and Blood have been in constant attendance upon the patient. Mrs. Behder on Sunday left her home at Tothill's on hearing of what had occurred, and was driven into Kapunda. When she arrived near where it was proposed to Btav, the old man who drove somehow brought the vehicle into collision with a post, and Mrs. Behder was pitched out, falling among the horse's heels, where she sustained very severe leg bruises, and was much etiaken. [The frightful cruelty sometimes resorted to in breaking in young' horses — if the term may be used to such a system of useless torture — ought to call forth the inter ference of every humane man. In the above instance it carried with it its own punishment.] Svi i'orting Colonial Industry.—' The Ballarat Courier relates that two married men, working miners —one the father of four boys, the other of two boys and girls — called on the secretary of the Ballarat woollen fac tory this week and requested' to be allotted, the one five, the ether three, shares in the company, for which they both tendered cash. It was explained by the secretary that the terms of payment had been altered, and that as soon as the money was needed they would only require to pay 5s. each ehare'in cash, and the balance by instalments. 'This they said they did not want ; they had saved up £S between them and would pay the whole amount per share as soon as it was wanted, and would keep the money for that purpose, as they never expected to see Is. of it back. Such a singular statement under these circumstances induced the secretary to ask what they meant, pointing out at the same time that there was no doubt of their getting their money back if the factory were managed with skill and economy. They each said they would never expect anything, and then they would not be disappointed ; that the sole object they had in taking up shares was to encourage an industry 'that would provide employment for their children, and for those of poor men like themselves. If this grand example (says the Courier) were followed by a few hundreds of the working-men of Ballarat, we 'should soon have woollen and other factories, and a population that we might proudly boast of. The Sovth Australian Overland Telegraph. — The Register of the 20th April says : — Satisfactory new6 has again been received concerning this great undertaking— in fact, it is rather a remarkable circum stance that nothing has as yet occurred to impede the pro gress of the work. Everybody and everything seem to be conspiring to bring it to a successful issue. The last in- ! telligence brought us word that Mr. John Ross had been tumble to find a pass through the MacDoonell Ranges, aud that the expeditions whose sections lay beyond would suffer some delay in consequence. This was, m fact, regarded as the chief difficulty to be surmounted, j for Mr. Ross reported that the country beyond I the ranges was all that could be desired. The arrival of 1 subsequent mails was therefore looked ferward to with j some degree of anxiety by Mr. Todd and those who take an interest in the undertaking. It was accordingly with no small amount of pleasure that the news was on Wednesday received that a suitable pass had been discovered, and that the parties under the charge of Messrs. Woods and Harvey, who have to construct the two last sections of the Govern ment part of the line, had started to cross it. To Mr. Gilbert M'Minn belongs the credit of making the discovery. He writes to Mr. Todd from the Forest Springs, oa the | Finke, under date March 15, and states that the passage he has found lies twenty miles to the east of Brinkely's Bluff, j and that although it 'is not by any means a good road, yet it will answer the purposes of tbe expeditions by enabling I them to cross the ranges. The Anglo- Avstralian Carle via Queensland. —The Cleveland Bay Express of April 15 says:— We are informed by our Cardwcll correspondent that the clearing of the telegraph line has beat completed within 15 miles of Junction Creek Station (the second station in the line between Cardwell and the Golf), and it is expected that within three weeks the Cashmere office will be opened for business. Thus it will be seen that extraordinary efforts are being made to complete the line to the Gulf, and most probably ere the month of August is out, the work will nave been completed ; so that if the Anglo- Australian Telegraph Company have brought their cable to Norman - ton by that time, the year 1871 will find us in communica tion with the home country. Jameeroo. — The levelv village church ef the Resur rection has just been endowed with an organ, by the efforts of the incumbent, some kind Sydney friends coming to the help of funds raised locally. The instrument ie quite new, of excellent workmanship, built by Messrs. Sing, of London, and comes from the workshop of Mr. W. Grieves, of Castlereagh-street, Sydney. The instru ment is a second organ, as used for practises, &c.;, in some cathedrals and large London churches ; has a single manual from CC to F in alt, containing two stops, open diapason 8 feet running through, and principal 4 feet, also running through, and is in a stained Gotlsie case, with speaking front of rithly diapered pipes. 