& Pfc'js B* The Author of " Georoe Geith," '.'■The Race for Wealth," "Crrr and SmtTTRTt," "PBBMTB Itur.T.liRj" &C.; ' ft F5*® exclusive light of publishing A Iafe's- Assize" in South has been purchased, by the Proprietors of the Adelaide CHAPTER XXXVI. SHADOWS. Supposing a chemist could discover the secret of that potent charm , used by . the "little people" in days gone, by, which, rubbed over the eyelids, rendered fairies ; visible to mortal ken, and that any one amongst us were to assist his sight with the wonderful .elixir—I wonder whether he would hot be appalled by the sadden com- . prehension of all the motley company he has bad travelling with him for years, unknow ing of their very existence. To me in life there is nothing more ter rible than this, that the'secrets of men's existences are rarely held inviolate till eternity. There is a reckoning here without the aid of the eternal books; there is a cloud of witnesses always beside and around, that may seem to superficial observers of as little importance as the dust under their feet, and yet that cap. come at a moment's notice, clothed and in the flesh, to testify life has been a long, Weary lie, stained here with sin and there with wrong, blurred and marred throughout by some false step, the taking of which man has himself almost forgotten rill the informers rise up, and the Court of the world is held, and the witnesses are called, and ten thousand fingers, to the thinking of the poor culprit, point at him, whilst he seems to hear ten thousand tongues shrieking —"Thou art the man!" The ghosts of the long ago—laid and buried, as you fancied, years and years since, friends—though your present sight may fail to discern them—they are travelling with. you still, a ghastly company. While you drive in your carriage along life's smoothest turnpike-roads, or pace, footsore and weary,, over the flinty bypaths of existence, past events are skipping on beside yon, mocking, jeering at your profound self-delusion. Shall fleet steeds leave them behind? Shall liveried servants keep them at bay? Shall an unsuccessful existence, drawing to a still more unsuccessful close, be able to purchase their forbearance? Nay, invisible now, they shall be visible some day; voice less, they shall yet find tongues; despised, they shall rear their head and bigg at yon; forgotten, they shall reappear with more strength than at their first birth; and when the evil day comes, and your power and your energy, and your youth and your hope have gone, they shall pour the overflowing drop into your cup, they shall mingle fennel with your wine, they shall pile the last straw on your back, they shall render wealth valueless and life a burden, they shall make poverty more bitter, and add another pain to that which already racks you; they shall break the breaking heart, and make ybu turn your changed face to the wall, and gather up your feet into your bed, and pray to be delivered from your tormentors by your God, Who alone knows all. Wherefore» young man, if you would ensure a peaceful old age, be careful of the acts of each day of your youth; for with youth the deeds thereof are not to be left > behind. They are detectives, keener and; more unerring than ever the hand of sensa-; tional novelist depicted; they will dog yon from the day you sinned till the hour your. trial comes off. Yon are prosperous, you! are great, you are " beyond the world," as I; have heard people say, meaning the power or the caprice thereof—bat yon are not beyond tbe power of events. Whatever you, may think now, they are only biding their time; and when yon are weak and at their mercy, when the world you fancied you were beyond lias leisure to near their story and scoff at you, they will come forward and tell all the bitter tale. And if you take it one way, you will bluster and bully, and talk loud, and silence society before yonr face, if yon fail to still its tattle behind your back ; while if yon take it another way, you will bear the scourging silently, and cover up the marks of the lash as best you may, and go home and close your door, and sit there alone with yonr misery, decently and in order, till you die. There is many a man talking glibly enough about this cruel war, and the hearths it has left desolate, and the hearts it has broken, who, wearing the sackcloth next his skin, feeling the smart of the iron still earing into his flesh, thinks all the while in his inner most mind it might not he so bad a fate after all to march oat in the morning, with the band playing and the colours flying, and to' lie at night stiff and stark, with set face upturned to the starlit sky, free from earthly trouble for evermore. Since, look you, a man can physically, unless he be a coward unfit to live at all, only die once; while mentally it is possible to die a thousand times—as many men do, and will rill the world, shall have ceased to be. All of which, at the present time of writing, is merely intended to prove that events had travelled as fast as the Rev. Andrew Hardell, and that he knew it. The visionary company was becoming visible. He had studied life, and knew what it meant. The end, he felt, was drawing nigh; the denouement of his life's plot was hurrying to a climax. Well, well! that weary assize, begun when the evening shadows drew down over the road to New Abbey, was meant to be for life—so • at least Andrew Hardell, sick sometimes of i bearing against the bars of his captivity, ' hoped, since he thought God must have understood and planned it so, though he, Andrew, could not comprehend. Nor can any of us, friends, for is not the whole of life a mystery ?—the only actual fact we can grasp through faith being, that for a certainly, " He who has sown in tears shall reap in joy, and bring his sheafs with him?" But meantime there were no sheafs for' Andrew Hardell—nothing hut past events becoming, one by one, tangible. As he buttoned up his top-coat, and put on his hat, and went out from St. Martin the Mariyr by a side-door leading not into Boss-place, but a quiet back thoroughfare, he felt almost as though the toils were closing , around him. Gould he who had preached to others then preach to his own soul ? A las ; even while he tried to look up to his God for help and support, there intervened between him and ms Creator a vision of the only womanhehad ever passionately loved nursing her child, his child, and singing to it snatches of nursery ballads, whilst with proud fond eyes she glanced now and then at him, Andrew, who had deceived her all through. He saw the graceful arch of her neck, the coils of her luxuriant hair, the sweet beauty of her face, and the man could have cried aloud in his anguish, for it was more almost than he could bear. Nor in that hour did memory and conscience forget to tell of that other life, of that other woman, sacrificed to him; for he now knew he had discarded Madge, not because he loved her too well, but because he loved her'too little. It had all been a mistake—first he had lied to himself, and the consequence proved that through all the years to come he was doomed to lie to others. And as he thonght this, he pulled his hat farther over his eyes, and walked on towards his hotel with more rapid steps, as though by accelerating his speed he could deaden the cries of memory. Even through, hig misery and the tumult of his soul, however, it seemed to the man that some one was following him—had been following him from the time he left St. Martin's; and as he had neyer quite lost that dread of being pursued which came upon him when he fled through. the night hack towards Dumfries, and when he re traced his steps only to find It still lying motionless where it had fallen, stricken by his hand, Andrew Hardell, after passing along many streets, and still hearing the click1 of footsteps persistent footsteps, now hasting, new treading more slowly, but still never quite ceasing—stood still for a moment to let his enemy overtake or his fear to pass him by. In a minute a man overtook and passed him by without even a glance, walking steadily on in front. Clearly that mar, had nothing to do with Andrew Hardell ■ and yet, moved, lie knew not by wliat impulse, Andrew Hardell turned, and, without rhyme or reason which he could have- stated to himself walked back along the way he had come. • ■ ; i . Almost immediately the man was dogging him again, and once more Andrew stopped, to let his dear, now grown into a certainty, overtake or pass him by. ; Once more it passed liim by, then hesitated, paused, and finally retornedto the spot where Andrew still stood—waiting. " Mr. Hardell, could I have a word wi' ye?" How many years had passed since he heard j that voice, and yet he recognised it in a moment as the voice of a man who could < once have hung him. "Yes, David Johnstoun," Andrew an swered—and he stretched out his hand, andj the other grasped it Just as they had.done on the sands at Dumfries, while the With falling over its weir made solemn music under the moonlight. . "Ye're awonderfu' preacher," David re marked. " Ye have a wonderfu' gift." "Yon were at St. Martin's, then ?" " Ay, whenever and wherever I could go to hear ye, and I have done sae." "Thenyon knew " "Not till Iwent the first time. I have done ever since." " Since how. long ?" "Maybe four year—I canna be just sure." Four years—think of it, my reader—for four years he had been known, and he never knew. "And why did you not tell me you were in London?" " I thought ye would rather I let ye alone. It was nane so pleasant a time for ye when ye saw me last that ye would want to mind it, and as ye had changed names with him,: I thought it would be best, maybe, never to, tell ye that ye had not ehanged out of my memory, and I would not have spoken to ye: now only I am in a bit of trouble, and want advice if you Will give it to me." It all came back to him as though it had occurred but yesterday—a winding walk, lights gleaming from the houses, the river close at hand, the wide sands, the words he had uttered to the man who now paced slowly by his side, and he answered, " I will give you anything I have to give—help, advice,^ money " "I want no money," the other interrupted, " leastways, that is, none of yours—and I wonld not have ye think I ask for your advice because ye once said ye would help me, but only because I know nobody here I can just exactly trust. I won't take ye out of your way, though. Whichever road ye are going I will walk with you, if I may." " Come to my hotel," Andrew suggested; but bis companion negatived this proposition with— " No, thank you, Sir, I would rather not. I can say what I have got to say going along—though I do not much care to talk about business or this world's trials on the Sabbath-day." "If we could only keep both out of our thoughts," the clergyman remarked.. " Ye may say that," David answered. " Ye'll have bad your own share of trouble since then, I make no doubt." "All these years I have just been like a man hanging over a precipice by a single thread, which he knows is fraying, fraying, and must eventually fray through." " Eh! but it's dreadful," exclaimed the other. " I have often wondered what could have made ye take his name. Surely it was an iawfu' risk to run." " He had taken my good name, my money, my means-of earning a living in this country, or of going abroad to earn a living there, and this was'what he offered me in exchange," Andrew answered bitterly and vehemently. "He told me to take his name and his curacy, and like a fool 1 did, and have beeh a cheat, and a liar, and a hypocrite ever since. Look here, Johnstoun," he went on, "when I left Dumfries that night, I left it intending to leave England too—to give up my profession, to cut myself adrift from every one who had ever known, who had ever heard of me. 1 came to London to get the money I had ignorantly lent him back again; but he kept it in order to marry and take her abroad." "The wicked Jezebel," David groaned; "the shameless, abandoned woman. God pity you, Mr. Hardell, it has been hard all through." " Yes; but no one, save God, can ever know Ivow hard," the man answered, speak ing with a sort of passionate ' despair. Through all that weary time he had never spoken of his trouble to mortal, and now, though he said, and said truly, no one save God might ever know how bitter bad been his trial, still God seemed to him at that moment so far off, and his fellow-man so close at hand, that his grief poured out like a river which, long ice-bound and silent, once released, breaks all barriers and rushes on noisily to the sea. The long, long years of solitude, the seclu sion from all society, the drudgery of his Work in Essex Marsh, the utter hopelessness of his existence, these things he recalled, as one might play a prelude to some mournful air—but when he proceeded to tell how even his wife knew nothing of his real history— how his child might live some day to curse his memory—the man's voice was thick and broken with tears that were dropping down in his heart, though his eyes were dry and aching. ■/vna ail tne tame Joy, seated, by uer father's hearth, was brooding proudly con cerning her absent husband, and marvelling what the congregation at St. Martin's would think of the splendid sermon he was sure to preach. And which he had preached—for the man's genius was perfected through suffering—such suffering as spite of all life's sorrows falls to the lot of few. " When you tholed your assize in Buc eleugh-street," David remarked at last, "it was not all over wi' ye." "No, it can never be over in this world now," Andrew answered mournfully. "It has been p mistake all through—from the time I left the dead man on the road without going for assistance to the hour I married my wife under a false name." " Ay, I suppose ye had to do that; hut, eh! wasn't it a pity ye did mot tell her at first, for ye'll have to do it at last, ye may be veiy sure." "Why?" Andrew asked hurriedly and sharply. " Why ? oh, man alive, do ye think she won't come at the knowledge of it all some time, and the sooner that some day comes the happier for ye baith, I say." . Then all at once Andrew Hardell repented his confidence—not because he feared the man. betraying him, hut because he had changed a shadow into a reality—a ghostly presence into one clothed with flesh and bone and sinew. . The dread of his happier life had been that Joy should knew—that Joy should ever sus pect—and all at once up rose one to tell him, not merely that some day she must know, but that also the sooner the better. And this to him who would cheerfully have met death rather than that she should even suspect; who could have tholed his Scotch assize over again and swung by the neck cheerfully till he was dead to save Joy from the shock of seeing him torn down from his pedestal—from beholding that the feet of the idol she had worshipped were only of clay—from comprehending that the man she loved was less honourable than his fellows ; that to her he had been a cheat, and a liar, and an impostor always. "What is your trouble, David?" Mr. Hardell said after a moment's pause, during which thoughts such as these surged through his breast. He was trying to turn the con versation, and the Scotchman, understanding that thoroughly, answered— "Ye needn't be fearfnl of or angry with me, Sir ; I am not going to tell wife nor child who you are, and it will not bring the day of full retribution any nearer my saying that it must come; only if £ were in your place, Sir, I would make it come soon—I would not tread this world through with a millstone round my neck if I could get rid of it anyhow." It is curious to think how we are consti tuted. Even in his grief Andrew Hardell noticed that metaphor, and made use of it subsequently in a sermon. "As for my trouble," went on David, " it is not much of a one besides yours; but it is enoughforme. When you saw me at Dum fries 1 had slaved a good bit of siller, and after that I married a girl who had some fortune as well, and for a while everything went right. I still stayed on at the King's Arms, and I also set up a sort of general shop over in Max w elltown, and we were as comfortable as need be, , until a far-away cousin of my wife's, who had always lived in London, came down one summer to see his friends. By that time we had a couple of young ones, and though they were but bits of things, still my wife and me never tired of planning what they should be when they grew up. Whenever we heard or read of any great man who had risen from the commonalty, we always looked at one anither as much as to say, ' Who knows but yet, mistress or gndeman,' as the case tnigh*. be- . Well, Sir, to a cut a long, story short, this cousin of Mistress Johnstoun's he was never tired of telling us about London, and the fortunes that were to be made in it. He said if a man bad ten pounds clear there to begin the world he might some day find himself Prime Minister. I'm no sure," David went on to remark, with strict regard to truth, "that it was even so much as ten ponnds—five, indeed, I think he said was enough for a nest-egg." "And so I suppose you came to London and lost your money ? " " Begging your pardon, no, Sir," answered Johnstoun, "leastways that is not what I have to tell you. We talked the matter over a great deal, and after much thought and looking at this side and at that, Mistress Johnstoun and myself and the children came south. Eh! there are people that say the Scotch never turn ■north again; bat my heart has not ceased thinking long for the river and the soft blue bills, and the purple of Criffel from that day to this." " One man's meat," thought Andrew; but he held his peace, and the other went on— "My wife's cousin—that is, to call a man by bis name, to say Matthew McPhail—and myself set up a sort of eating and early breakfast house in Old- street. It paid first rate ; all the carters coming in with hay and straw and roots and vegetables stopped for their cup of tea andjeoffee and their big whang of bread, and then when they were gone we got the workmen employed in the neighbourhood, and there were dinners and teas, and money, as I have said, seemed to come as if we were coining it, and yet all the while we never seemed to get one bit really more before the world. McPhail did the banking and financial business, as he called it—ordered in the goods, paid the trades people sometimes, and just as often, as it appeared to me, did not pay them, on the ground of imposition and so forth. Indeed, I do not think we ever dealt with any honse for more than six months together, and then there was always a trouble, and lawyer's letters, and oftentimes snmmonses and writs, and such other things as no honest man can abide to see coming about bis place, let . alone into his very bouse." "And what did McPhail do with the money?" asked Mr. HardelL "I was just coming to that. One Derby Day, McPhail, who lived with us, having been taken bad the night before, could not get up and go out as was bis practice; and towards the evening he grew so much worse that I sent for a doctor, thinking the fellow was light-headed. Well, as the doctor came down I asked what was the matter, if he thought there was any fear of fever or infection. I had the children in my mind then. "'Oh!' says the doctor, 'he won't have anything catching. He has backed the favourite, though, too heavily I am afraid.' "Well, Sir, I was that stupid, it did not occur to me what he meant until I went out and saw a coach-and-fonr driving along the City-road coming home from the Derby. The minute I set my eyes on that I turned and went home again, and straight up to McPhail's room. . " ' You have something on your mind,' 1 began. 'We are partners, and you had better make a clean breast of the matter. I never thought yon a betting man, bat 1 know now yon have been at this game for a long time, and' "' Who has won ?' he shouted, interrupt ing me. "' Some outside horse,' I answered, telling him jnst what I had heard in the street. " 1 And the favourite ?' '"Was nowhere.' That was what the men had been saying over their tea down stairs when I passed through, and I repeated that to him as well; but, oh, Sir, I shall never forget the way McPhail took it—with a great screech, as if the heart was being torn out of him, and then he fell back like one dead." xLe must nave oeen uaoiy ourcen, jyir. Hardell remarked. In Essex Marsh he had learnt the language of most of the nomad tribes, and the phraseology of the turf came almost natural to the man, although he had never von anything—not even a pair of gloves—on a race in his life. "Yea, and so was I," David answered bitterly. "There was he, who had never done a day's real work for years, and there was 1, who had risen early and sat up late, who had made myself a servant to servants, and we being still partners equal, it was common rain he had wrought for us, and I had to face it." At which- juncture David Johnstoun paused, the memory of his wrongs and his sorrows evidently preventing utterance. It was not himself alone, however, remember, wife and children bad suffered likewise—■ wife and children had worked hard, been out of their beds winter and summer before the "screech of day," and put up the shutters only as a preliminary to seek their conches; and behold, they were all, by the act and folly of one man, involved in a common ruin. " I set at it as well as I could," Mr. Johnstoun resumed. 4'He paid his betting people, and 1 called a meeting of our creditors. I told them just my position— how I had been deceived by a man who wanted to make money too fast; how there was a good business still to the fore ; how if they gave me time I would, please the Lord, pay every man his due. 1 told them more than that; how I had given McPhail a hundred poniyls in hard cash to go out of the business, and how he had gone, and that if they liked to trust and depend upon me I would settle to the uttermost farthing. "So they trusted in me, and I hope I never deceived-them ; though, so far as this world is concerned, it might have been better for me if I had. If you believe me.I grudged the very '"bus lad his threepence when it has been too far or too wet for me to walk home, so anxious was I to get out of debt. 1 did the marketing, and my wife the managing; and, eh ! what I had lost I saved, and I was more than out of debt; I had fifty pounds before me in the wofld, when who should walk in one day, and pitch off his hat, and begin to serve a customer, just as if nothing had happened, but Matthew McPhaiL " 'Haven't you made some mistake?' said 1 to liim in my amazement. "' Oh I not the least,' he answered; ' and are not you glad to see me back again?' "' No, I'm not,' I said; 'and what is more, I don't intend to have you back.' "' Oh! that is the way of it, is it ?' says he; ' and since how long, Johnstoun, my friend, have yon been sole master here?' "' Since I paid the hundred pounds you had in hard cash, and paid the debts you Let me in for,' I made reply. " 'But you did not gazette the dissolution of partnership ; and so, my hoy, I am your partner still, and mean to remain your partner till the end of the chapter.'" " What a vagabond!" exclaimed Andrew Hardell. "I think that," answered David; bat other people say 'not so—you are to be blamed for your want of caution ;' but how was I to know ? I had never served appren ticeship to a lawyer. I knew nothing about the Gazette. I gave him a hundred pounds in sovereigns, golden sovereigns, and painted his name out from over our door, and how could 1 tell that was all no good at all ?" " What makes you think it was no good?" Andrew asked. " I have been to my writer, and be has been to his, and between them they make it oqt that whatever he likes to do I am. accountable for, and that whatever debt he likes to Contract I must pay, and that what ever money I make, or have made, he is entitled to the half of." "Suppose I see my lawyer,. and ask his opinion," suggested Andrew. " It seems bard, but it may be right. We understand that, don't we, both of us? However, we will hot conclude it to be right till we know." "Thank you," David responded, humbly enough, for London ways and London anxieties had taken a good deal of the Scotch starch out of him. "It is of no use for the like of me to go to a writer, for he hands it' over to his clerk, and the clerk, being only a trifle better than myself, cannot be troubled, r and so poor 'men.go to the walL" "Ay—in every position and in every case poor men do go to the wall," said Andrew, with a sort of subdued passion. "You cUd not say that in your sermon to-night," David remarked slyly. "You said there were angels to guide—angels to uphold—angels to prevent, and" "1 was only preaching then," Andrew said, with a certain ashamed modesty—with a certain gratified pride. "Ah! Sir, being a poor man, and in trouble, I hoped you were telling the truth, and I hope you were still, though it may have been without your knowledge." And with this Parthian, shot David Joknstoun bade the popular preacher good night, and walked back slowly and medi tatingly towards Old-street. 