MY ADVENTURES AND BESEABCHES IN THE PACIFIC. 1 TBt a Mastsb Mahiotb.] This island of Ascension has, at least from the com mencement of the present oentury, afforded a refuge to a good many of those free-and-easy adventurers known as beachcombers. Among the first of these individuals with whom I became acquainted, shortly after my arrival at Bouan Kiti, was one Jack Sclate, better known by the nam* of Tamaro. He was an Englishman, of i aot less than sixty years of age, but still so activc and powerful as to show that at one time he must have possessed prodigious strength. He displayed in Mb conversation much intelligence, heing both thoughtful and olj;erv-ti)ti Ho had not lived many yeaw on Ascension, but was nevertheless well acquainted with the island, and spoke the language with great fluency. He it was who pointed out to me the remarkable resemblance existing between the languages of the Caroline and Society islanders, and which, from my ignorance of the Caroline tongue, I should not myself have observed. I presented him with a musket, and he accompanied me in my peregrinations about the island. In the oourse of these rambles he related to me his history, which, although not by any means more extraor dinary than the experiences of many of his clafis whom I have known, was nevertheless sufficiently interesting to warrant my repeating it. _ But before doing so I propose to give Borne little description of the kind of adventurous nomades to which this man belonged, for the benefit of such as may Taot have had occasion to know much about them. The beachcomber of tie Pacifio is a singular devolopement of the genus homo, with whom my peculiar avocations have brought me into so frequent contact as to necessitate as intimate acquaintance with his habits and economy. He is essentially an inhabitant of the low latitudes within, or verging unon the tronics — that is to sav, he exhibits the greatest amount of vitality (at the present date) upon the coast extending from Valparaiso to Mazat lan, and westward throught the coral seas to New Caledonia, and the Ladrone Group. The conditions necessary to his existence are warm sunshine, the growth of the cocoanut and taro (Arum esculentum), and savagery, which implitis simplicity on the part of the legitimate inhabitants. His normal condition is destitution ; the destiny which he moBt willingly accepts is the climax of barbarism. The first appearance of the beachcomber dateB | from the era of the Conquistadores, and bis advent in the Pacifio from tho discoveries of Balboa and I Pizarro. There are two varieties of tho species common to the Pacific, the gregarious (or associated), and the solitary beachcomber. Associated beachcombers are, generally speaking, a dangerous clasB of ruffians, such as for generations back have chosen to themselves convenient ports of rendezvous in various quarters of the Spanish Main, and the great islands of the Pacific, chitfly consisting of idle and disreputable seamen, who pre ferred a reign of unbridled liberty even accompanied by poverty and ragf, to eating honest biscuit, or earning honest wages on the deep sea'. Their principles might be said to resemble those of tho , Scot's 'reiver,' who prayed daily that the world j might be turned upside down, that he, and his like, 1 m:ght have a better chance to live, i It iB related that certain sbipwrecEed mariners bdng cast a^ay upon an unknown coast, and there beholding a gallows, did straightway give thanks to Providence that they had arrived upon a land where law and order reigned. Very different would have been the feelings of the class of gentry who are the subject of these remarks, as I heard one of their own body very truly observe that it was well for his comradcs that none of them ever had occasion to visit the city of Londen, or especially to pass through Newgate-street, as in such caBO there would not bo ten days likely life in one of them, for the reason that the gallows would attract them like a magnet ! I They were the successors of the combinations of miscreants who, in former days, were known us the ? Brethren of the Coast, and who, during the last century, and the fir6t qnartcr of this present, made themselves notorious for tho perpetration of enormous villanies upon tho Pacific shores of Aracrica until the recognition of the independence of the Spanish colonies, and the consequent increase of a naval power in those waters as compelled them to Tjeep themselves comparatively quiet. Their society (included disorderly. marinsrs of all countries «nd colou's— the BritisjymdAmeriean elements prepon derating. For theii^^^SH^totioBas and assistance, they acknowledged'cfrtain an4, regulations ; and in each settlement which (to thfe misfortune of the inhabitants) they selected as % rendezvous, they submitted themselves to the control of a chief, who was styled the ' Commodore of the Beachcombers,' and who was as well- known, and frequently exercised as much authority as the Captain of the Port. The revenues of the organization were derived from thieving, gambling, and levying black mail upon foreign seamen and shipmasters. If a man [desired to desert from a vessel, he applied to the Commodore of the Beachcombers, who at once -enabled him to do so either by force or stratagem. Whatsoever money he -might be possessed of ho was required to contribute to tLe general fund. If in a state of impocuniusity, the contents of his chest were in like manner appropriated. If (as frequently happened), he owned- neither caBh nor copper, the fraternity of beachcombors, after due consideration, and with the- approval of the commodore, might extend to him the right hand of fellowship, simply out of respect for his character, and desire of his better acquaintance. He would bethereupon sworn in and of courso protected ; the beachcombers' quarter being a sort of sanctuary into which the Alcalde himselfdid not dare to penetrate. These communities of desperadoes a few years ago constituted a most dangerous nuisance through out the whole extent of the Spanish Main. Previous to the construction of the Panama rail way, they swarmed upon both sides of the Isthmus of Darien. I recollect ihem, while that work was in progress, upon one occasion taking possession of the' fort, and bombarding tho town of Hhngres ; upon another, attacking tho citizens of Panama sword in hand during the celebration of a religious festival ; a ' 6hindy'' which had been concocted by them with a view to making a 'grub' at a silver crucifix while the row was in progress. There was a celebrated commodore of beach combers in Valparaiso, who in the night cut out (or gather sawed off) a golden image from the altar stone of one of the churches at that place. Having taken his passage in a vessel bound for Manilla, he was suspected, and the ship was searched unsuccessfully. He tfas consequently released ; but his treasure was safe none the less, for during the time that the vigilante were ransacking hold and forecastle, the golden prize lay in the oook's copper at the bottom of the boiling soup which was being prepared for the 'seamens' dinner. Dreadful would 'have been his punishment for thiB sacrilege had th$ Spaniards brought it home to him ; but he lived to be hanged afterwards at Downieville, infCalifornia, by tho 'righteous sentence of J udge Lynch. The prompt and severe measures for the suppres sion of rascality which, in tho la-t-mentioned state, speedily superseded the reign of disorder consequent upon the discovery of gold, had the effect of dis persing this congregation of scamps from a coast which by long usage they had come to regard ' almost as the peculiar heritage of their order, and of scattering them over the face of the wide South Seas. They chiefly affected the great islands in consequence of their superior productiveness in hogs, bread fruit, and other good things of this life, as likewise for the reason that being frequented by whale ships they afforded a certainty of periodically replenishing t9^§ir supplies of rum, gunpowder, American totucco, and similar necessities ^ of existence. But tho French occupation having excluded them from Tahiti, and the government of tho'Sandwich Islands having enacted stringent regulations for the preservation of order ^ and good morals in Oahu, and the progress of British coloni zation having effectually broken up the confedera tion of vagabonds located at the Bay of Islands, New Zealand, these nomadic reprobates, found themselves, to their infinite disgust, confronted on all sides by law and Gospel, and hopelessly excluded from their ancient haunts, except upon condition of their good behaviour, whioh was manifestly out of the question. Tho face of King George of Tonga having inaugurated a settled Government, and foreign consuls beidg appointed to the Navigators and Fiji, rendered these groups in like manner objectionable as placos of residence ; and although gome few con tinued [to find refuge and encouragement at the courts of Thakombau or Bola Cola, yet it was suffi ciently evident that the progress of civilixation and Christianity wai everywhere in the frequented quarters of the Paeific building up an insuperable barrier against the further entrance of the partisans of violence and vice, and that tl' e associated beach combers (at least upon the same footing as formerly, could no longer be regarded (iu the South Seas at all ev.-nte), as a rocognizod institution. Under these circumstances of misfortune the organization became disintegrated, and its members dispersed. Some forsook their evil ways, settled down, and sought an honest living. Others established themselves among the Marquesans, and took part in tho wars of savage chiefs. 1 Many distributed themselves throughout the islands of the Equator and (lie Coral Sea even to the Philippines, and by far' the greater number made their way to the coasts of China and Japan, where, in combination with reckless adventurers from every quarter of the eastern sens, the associated beachcom ber luxuriates ut tho pietent time under all the conditions of lawless license congenial to hie dis positions, and, reviving the ancicnt custonss and practice of the order, pl«yB the same role upon the shores of further Asia hb his predecessors were wont to do upon the Spanish Main. In the course of these migrations many of them got lost to their comrades and to the world. Over come by old age or weariness of incessant wander ings, or simply from a diBlike to cross tho tropics, having so long lived within them, or to quit the oocoanut region, they established themselves in little coteries of twos and threes among the Negrillo races of the Sandalwood isles, or even in the Solomon Groups, or formed to themselves settlements and strongholds in the Caroline Archipelago and the Kingsmills where by tbeir precept and example they excited the mischievous savages to the perjietration of outrages, such as their naturally evil inclinations would never of themselves have suggested. Thus it was that upon my first acquaintance with Ascension Island, there were no less than sixty at one time of this scum of the earth located upon it, — living in the various villages — spending- their days in idleness or in cozening the natives out of their tortoiBeshell, beche-de-mer, or anything which they could barter to whale Bhips or trading craft. Eating, Bleeping, drinking kava or cocoanut toddv, when they were unable to procure ru-n, and relieving the monotony of their existence by quarrels with the slanders, or among themselves, which led to the ?irequent occurrence of bloody tragedies. A very short time previous to my urrival at (on the present occasion) liouan Kite there had lived in the Bame house in which I had resided, two ruffians of this class, one of whom rendered himsalf a terror to the whole village, having 6hot dead one of his native neighbours for some paltry cause, and grievously wounded several others until, at length hiB own part ner having received from him some cause of annoy ance, inflicted upon him a just retribution by run ning him through the body with a sworo. This man, to escape the vengeance of the friends of iho deceased, departed to a neighbouring island, where he also in his turn came to an evil end. ! On Strong's Island have also resided at various j times very many beachcombers, and lie ru has been ] considerable bloodshed and some terrible lights. j In 1S58, some parties with whom I was acquainted there were bisoiged in a stone house, strongly barri caded and loopholcd lor no less ihan three months, and for that time defended theniselves against the j whole population of the island. Six of them were killed, lour survived and were taken away in a whale ship. On Oocan and Pleasant Islands were at divers times ma^y beachcombers ; at tho latter place, they were well supplied with large and last-sailing boats, and had constructed a battery of ten pieces of can non. The place has yet nn evil name in conse quence of their misdeeds, the two last of them were - taken off from it last year, and landed on Rotumah by a trading schooner. They came on board aimed to tho teeth, and having belted about their bodies such a quantity of gold coin, that it wus with diffi culty that they could get up the 6ide. They were in danger of their lives from the natives, and at deadly enmity with o e another. They would not say how they became possessed of the money, but they bad been upon that island thirteen years. The advent of tho Peruvian, Australian, and Fiji slavers in these groups, presented a favourable opportunity for the exercise of their genius, and out of their operations many of these unscrupulous adventurers reaped a glorious harvest, but the ^ depredations of the Shenandoah and other privateers j (luring tho Auieiicm War, having in a great measure cleared the whale shins from the equatorial ] seas, 'the supply of rum. arid the lilie requisites became very precarious, in consequenco of which the ; associated beachcombers found it again necessary j , t» fv iliii- ut wit' j ter of the low latitudes the breed may be now said ' to be almost extinct. Be it understood that I do not by any means wish to convey the impression that all these men were scoundrels, reckless and ungovernable*; most of them undoubtedly were revelling in idleness, dissi pation, and unbridled license ; their ideas of social economy, might be summed up in the lines of Bobbie Burns : — A fig for those by I»wi protected, Liberty's a glorious feast ; Courts for cowards were erected, Churches built to'pleue the priest. But among them were to be found many men of kind hearts and good dispositions, of a high order of intelligence and possessing all the qualities which go to make up brave mariners and agreeable .com panions. Necessity had driven som» of them into the ranks of the associated beachcombers. Dl usage on the part of their commanders (which in the Pacific has been common enough since the days of the mutiny of the Bounty), sometimes the mere love of wild adventure, and the desire of see ing life for a time at least under aspects so novel and exciting. The powerful fascinations of the daughters of Ocaanica was the primary cause in many cases of their desertion of their ships — while others became vagabonds from the mere attraction of the free and easy social customs of Polynesia, the unspeakably beauty and glory of thoBe tropio lands, a longing to see yet more of tbem and to Bpend some few years of their lives in roving. From island unto island At the gateways of the day. I have had opportunity to become acquainted with the histories of very many of these men whose idiosyncracies and remarkable vicissitudes would, if recorded and arranged, form a volume of adventures in no degree inferior in exciting interest to those of Gil Bias. Herman Melville, an American Bailor, was one of thiB class, and his description of island life as experienced by himself and his companion ' Dootor Long Ghost,' have become familiar to thousands of readers. Melville returned to civilized life, and arrived at some celebrity as a writer; but the Doctor remained in the Pacifio (or after visiting California returned to it), and being shipwrecked upon a savage irle passed through several years of strange and perilous wanderings almost unsurpassed in the annals of disasters in the the great South Sea. Among those who are still alive, and with whom I am personally acquainted, may be cited as remark able instances an incorrigible 'ne'er do well' known as gentleman George, who was formerly an officer of the Vindictive, the flagship of Commodore Toup Nicholas, and who voluntarily quitted the service and returned to the islands for the love of a Tahiti™ woman. He is the eon of a gentleman of great property and influence in one of the midland counties of England who, I believe, is still alive. Another was an American of education and ability, a cousin of Prescott the historian, and who is cele brated as one of the most daring canoe voyagers in the eastern Pacifio. I could multiply instances to infinity, but these will suffice among the associated beachcombers whom I have known. Some are now masters of vessels, some have become planters (or merchants), others I have returned to their native land. Three hold consular appointments. Two are judges, one a [ government interpreter, one superintendent of a Protestant mission, one a Romish Priest, one wto is now distinguished in the Geld of science and letters, was cot only an associated beachcomber, but fer several years an associate of the pirates of Formosa. 