Whatever may be the thought cf the man ner of treating the constitutional question involved in the debate that occurred in the Assembly yesterday, only one feeling — that of unalloyed satisfaction — can have been excited in the minds of the general pablic by the prospect hold forth of a speedy close of the seision. We say ' the general public,' because it nay be quite true, as hinted by the member for the Lower Hun.er yesterday, that some of the members themselves will be by no means pleased when the fiat, goes forth that dismisses them to their private business and affairs. There are some who could be named without difficulty; whose glory will have departed when the doors of the Assembly are closed npon them for the session ; whose only importance is derived from the privilege ef talking rubbish by the yard, with a prospect ef having it printed ; having ' the run ' of the refreshment room, and passing their evenings in what they possibly conceive to be a dignified and gentle' manlike manner at the public expense. These gentlemen might be expected te be seen hovering at night in front of the gates of the closed Assembly, like uneasy spirits revisiting the scenes of their former greatness. Bst, for the majority of people, the proro gation, whenever it arrives, will be a mer ciful relief ; and their deliverance from the tedious eloquence of some of the most wordy and monotonous of the Parliamentary wind Lags will be like tbe awakening from a hideous nightmare slumber. As to the merit9 of the main question before the House yesterday, little need be said on that subject now. The right of the Upper Bouse to alter a Money Bill was the chief point at issue ; and, admitting that tbe Customs Duties Bill is a Money Bill, the Assembly, by a large majority, has decided that the Council has such a right. Whether this decision be regarded as dignified or subservient it may be of present advantage, as the Bill has been improved by the amend ments. But, as before intimated, the chief advan tage attendant upon the settlement of this knotty point has been the expediting of Par liamentary business ; and now, as the Governs ment have four cut of the five Parliamentary days in the week for their own use, only one thing further is wanting to bring the session to a speedy termination, and that is the placing of some restraint upon the outbursts ef that distressing affliction of cacoethes loquendi from which so many unfortunates appear to suffer, and from which their still more unfortunate hearers have so long been doomed io suffer more. The public, we feel assured, want to hear no more — at least for the present — about constitutional privileges, and all that kind of thing. It has been placed beyond doubt that all the rights and privileges for which 'Hampden bled in the field and Sidney on the scaffold' would be bartered away by a majority of the present Assembly for a Ministerial smile or a csnfidential whisper ; and certainly no tran of candid and generous mind can bkma the Minister for making use of such implements is furtliereaoc of his designs. We are bound to suppose, in the first place, that he believes himself end his policy to be right. Such being the case, without going into questions of severe morality, a politician naturally avails himself of tho instruments that offer themselves to bis use. If they perform the part of the catspaw between the monkey and the chestnuts, we may ezpcct that those will laugh who win. Sir James Martin, however, laid down a somewhat extraordinary doctrine last nigh t, uamely, that thejeommouly received notion that Englishmen, under no civil disabilities, carry their constitutional and CommoB Law rights with them wherever they go, is a complete fallacy, long and generally as it has been catertained. Here is what the Premier is reported to have said upon that point: ' When the people first came from the mother couatry and settled here, they did not bring with them those Common Law rights of estab lishing a Parliament, like the House ef Lords and the House of Commons. Ko Legis lature of that kind was established he:o in those early days.' Tho latter fact is, of course, very well known, aBd it has always been admitted that, in voluntarily coming to a colony the peculiar circumstances of which had rendered necessary a peculiar form of Government, tha settler impliedly agreed to waive his abstract rights for the time, just as civil rights must be suspended in a place under martial-law or in a state of siege. But the question is — Did those rights become extinct ? Sir James Martin seems to imply that they did, 'This place,' lie said, 'was governed according to the strict letter of an Act of Parliament, and, according to our modern notions, in a very tyrannical manner. It was not until recent times that tho Imperial Parliament, having the power to regulate such matters, conceded to us a Constitution.' The learned Premier pro ceeded to say, very truly, that the colony had had two or three Constitutions, and he then went on to c^puss the question what particular righti and privileges were granted by the Statute at present in force. From the historical | facts quoted, which nobody, we presume, would ever -think of disputing, it will be seen that the plausible conclusion is attempted to be drawn tlut Biltish subjects here have no rights but such as have been conceded to them by Act of Parliament — that their original rights not merely slumbered but became ' extinct when they arrived here; and that if hey are ever tempted to boast of their share in the freedom and privileges of Englishmen, they will do well to consult the Statute Book first, and ascertain how fur those vaanted advantages are -checked and circumscribed by the. fact of their being, by birth or adoption, *' New South Welshmen.' Now, this is a kind of assumption vtry natural in an fable lawyer seeking to prove his own case, but which is certainly more dangerous than even the assumptions of tbe Upper House. Yet we look in vain for any protest against this definition of our political status. We are reminded of the debates on the Electoral Bill, when its opponents maintained that the suffrage was not a right but a privilege — in fact, for that would follow, that there are no such things as human rights, and only such privileges as some peculiarly privileged human beings thought proper te confer upon their fellow men. No protest, as we have said, appears to have been made against this classification ef her Majesty's subjects in this part of the world. On the contrary, it seems to have been con curred in by twenty-seven representative mem bers against seventeen, and amongst the majority are some of those 'deep mouthed Boeotians,' the thunders of whose eloquence have made the halls of the Senate, and the welkin at open- air meetings, ring with indig nant denunciations of attempted violations of British rights. After this, how ridi culous it is — how perfectly laughable, to waste further time over the amend ments of the Council in the Customs Duties Bill ! Sir James Martin gave a fair sketch of the rise and progress of the powers of the British House of Lords, their gradual restriction by the action of the Com mons, in the Parliament and in the field, and J finally the redaction of those powers to a mere form, owing to the danger of intrusting them to a highly aristocratic and privileged body ; but he maintained that no such danger, and therefore no such restrictions, applied in the case ef the Legislative Council, whose powers were defined by statute. That is the point at which we appear to have arrived. We are all labelled, and ticketed, and scheduled by Act of Parliament ; and a majority of 'the people's representatives' — save the mark ! — have given their assent to that definition of our political state ! It has bean the 'practice lately to announce enter Uinmeats of various kinds as under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor, without his consent. Thia objectionable course has been followed in several instances, leading to public disappointment, and clso causing; an impression that his Excellency has failed to keep a premise to bestow his patronage. Lord Belmore has liberally given aid to various public cntevtc'r-nents, and it is dishonest to :-nnoimce his patronage and presence unless assent has been dislincHv obta:tcd in the usuil mprnor. | Parramatta Kaces,— 24th Mat.— A good pro ' gramme is laid before the public for the races to come off at Parramr.l t.i on Qu ?n's birthda}'. Tbe entr-.ucei close at 8 o'clock this evening, and the Government will run spccial trains to the town. Fatal Accident. — The unfortunate man, Hemj Phillips, who was reported in yesterday's issue as having been gored by a bullock, died at 8 o'clock this morning, at the infirmary, from the injuries he received. All inquest was to be held this afternoon. A Splendid Banner. — A musn'ficent banner, belonging to the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, Love of Liberty Lodge, No. 1058, is on view at Farmer, Painter, and Pope's establishment, Pitt-street. Without doubt it has no equal, and reflects great orsdit on the manufacturer, who resides in this city. Cojttempt op Court.— Mr. Justice Har&rave;, pre siding in the Ecclcsiastical Jp-isdiction of the Supreme Cour yesterday, committed a person named Edward Whi to Dir!:T;hurst gaol for twenty-four hours. TbJ ss before the court wu the feigned issue raised I iu tho probate suit Lr9 and others v. Lee ; and the contempt committed by White was his interference with wittes.'- and insulting demeanour to Mr. Tealo, the pla'nt'fE's proctor, who had given e\,'denc» in the case. Whit a held up a paper inscribed with the word 'anticipation' to Mr. Teale, and asked hiai whether he could spell the word iu question. THE Pefjdbt Case.— During the tiial of John Charles Dangar y /.crday, in the central criminal court, before his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, his Honor mentioned that he had received a letter in reference te something that took place two years ago, and which refeired t* a c?se before the corrt, to which he could only reply that whatever statements the writer desired to make they must be made in open covrfc. A person bad cal'ed at bis house on the previous night, and the same answer had been given. Perhaps the writer was in coe't. Mr. Keble. the landlord ef the Golden GaU public-house iu Gcorge-strcet, stspped forward, and avow, d the authorship of the letter in question. He stated, however, that it had nothing to do with the present case. He was directed, if ho had anything te say, to say it when that personj (understood te be Valentine) was before the court. Dbasiatic Entertainment. —The Balmain Working Men's Amateur Dramatic Club gave a benefit to Mr. Edward Kelly in the Odd-fellows' Hall, Balmain, on last Tuesday evening. Mr. Kelly is a young man who was employed by Mart's Dry Dock Company. Wnilst at work, some two months back, he received a severe accident by getting his right arm drawn in some of the machinery, tho result of which was that he -was necss shoulder and the elbow. Of course, he was unable to return to his work, and being married he was jriaced in rather awkward circumstances ; and from these facts this entertainment was given. The pieces represented were 'The Spoctre Bridegroom' and (by particular request) 'The Unfinished Gentleman;' and during the intermission several dances and songs were given, including a sailor's hornpipe by Miss M'Keown, from the Prince ot Wales Opera House. Tho pieces were acted in a very creditable manner by the gentlcD.cn amateurs, assisted by Miss Norton and Miss Holleway, who frequently had the house in roars of laughter at the sudden appearance of the supposed ghost, and various other lively parts. The whole of the songs and dances wore ako performed well— so much so that in j oach c,,sc there was an encore demanded. There vraB a largo number of persons present ; and, judging from the frequent applause bestowed on the performers, it was evident that tho efforts of tho club in a good cause were fully appreciated. The Newcastle Industrial School.— Disgraceful conduct on the part of the inmates ef this industrial school is of such frequent recurrence that it has almost ceased to become matter of remark, except by those residing in the immediate vicinity of the building, who are compelled to submit to the Btdsance. On Sunday last, however, several of the girls amused themselves in a manner that involved imminent risk to their lives. They managed, by means of the piping, *p which they 'swarmed' with the agility of cats, to reach the roof, and on this they disported themselves for two or three hours, frequently advancing to tho Teiy edge of the gutter, gazing over, and talking to their companions below. Those acquainted with the nature of the roof will readily understand the great danger the girls incurred ; yet they ran to and fro, shouting and screaming, -with a recklessness that was perfectly horri fying. The question naturally arises, how long is this state of things to continue ? We are told fr»m day to that the Government intend to remove the institution to Cockato* Island, yet month after month are the citizens of Newcastle compelled to suffer this most abominable ltuisance, for. by no other term can it be designated. Inside the school all order is set at defi ance ; the officials are perfectly powerless, and com pelled to submit to insults and violence of the most outrageous description. Respectable people are begin ning to avoid the establishment as they would a pest house. — Newcastle Pilot. 