THE SCAB IN SHEEP ORDINANCE. BY A YORK SETTLER. As this Ordinance has done its part towards ruining the settlers, let us hope it has had its day, and that during the next session the Act will be abolished totally. I would entirely abolish the present " Scab in sheep Ordinance," and dispense with the service of Inspector likewise ; albeit, without ordinance, they could not act. The present Ordinance is so bespattered with pains and penalties throughout all its clauses, that it bears more the character of a penal code than anything else. It may be considered a sweeping assertion, and one which perhaps but few will agree with me in asserting, that such a measure is necessary ; but ere I finish the explanations of my views upon this subject, I may perhaps in some degree convince the moderate thinkers that moderate rules only will answer where they have to deal with moderate substances ; in other words the weakness of the ruled must by mildness in the rulers. Before closing this paper I will propose a new Ordinance with some half-dozen clauses only, which I am persuaded myself will prove more effectual in the .eradication of the scab in West Australia than the present Act, which costs the poor settlers £1,200 a year to support. I will now proceed to notice the " penalties" which the present " Scab in sheep Ordinance" contains. These penalties are indeed promin- ently put forth, as if truly to show that the real character of the ordinance must not be misunderstood. Clause 5 threatening any person who ob- structs an inspector in the execution of his duties, with a penalty of £50. Clause 6 is a bell ringing ever and anon in the ears of the inspectors ; and should they unreasonably delay in the performance of their duties, they are warned, in the penalty of £50, " for every such offence." In Clause 7, should the owner of infected sheep omit to " affix at each point of entrance of every public way intersecting his run a notice signed by him and written or printed in distinct legible characters, not less than one inch in length, to the following effect, ' Scab on this run/ he is to be mulct in the penalty of £10. Clause 8 allows three days only to a person, after sheep have broken out with the disease, to give notice to magistrate and inspector, in default of which a penalty of £20 a-day " for every day beyond the said three days during which such neglect shall continue." Then follows in this clause Gd. per head aud 1 s. per head in default of a full compliance with the period allowed for cleaning infected sheep. Clause 9 has also its penalty for having in- fected sheep " knowingly and without excuse " on a run. Clause 10 not only inflicts a fine of one shilling per head, but threatens, annihilation of the flock, at the owners expense. Clause 15, " for infringing quarantine," con- tains an indefinite penalty, but nevertheless plainly threatens a fine. Clause 16 threatens the consequences of misdemeanour. Clause 17 comes down doubly strong upon tliC pOOr Untortunato cottlou, and should lie neglect the provisions of this section, that of branding with the letter S all infected sheep, the penalty of (£100) hangs over him. In clause 21 very sorry duties indeed are imposed upon the poor unfortunate holder of scabby sheep. Should he refuse to assist in totally distroying his own property, he is forthwith find £100. Clause 22, threatens another £100 should any mistake be made about sheep adrift. Clause 23. In this clause importers are warned, under penalty of £5 per head. Clause 24. Any person found wilfully sowing broadcast this disease, to be " deemed guilty of misdeamour." If this clause had contained a definite penalty, the fine might have appeared as one in its proper place, this being the only charge against malice which the Act alludes to save and except. Clause 26 imposes a fine of £10 upon any person "casting carcases of infected sheep into streams or water-holes." Clause 27 fines any person in the amount of £20 who slaughters for sale infected sheep. Now scab is purely a akin disease, and the in- jury done to the carcass by the presence of scab on the skin is something unknown to those who know all about sheep and mutton. However, in a penal enactment like this said Scab in sheep Ordinance, true to the character they set out with, the compilers were not able, apparently, to insert a clause without a threat of punishment of one sort or another. Clause 28 threatens the squatter with a penalty of £50 should he indulge in a freak to send of his wool to London, as he would send a load of hay to market, without bales ! Clause 29 demands £2 per 1000 annually, to support inspectors. In Clause 30 the holder of any sheep is ordered to give a correct return of the number of sheep he holds on November 1st, in default of which, as usual, the penalty of £10 is brought to his notice. Oh that everlasting ghost of the law, " penalty !" Clause 31. This seems to me part and parcel of clause 30, and I think the tenpound penalty might have suffered for the two offences. Clause 35 has a threat bearing on penalties. Clause 38. This acts as a sort of whipper-in to all the previous and precious one-score-and one "penalties" which the Scab Ordinance contains. After a settler may have experienced the bitter pains and penalties of the foregoing clauses, he is finally threatened with two years imprisonment should he be found " guilty of a misdemeanour under this ordinance." Not content with the great bulk of fines, ranging from £10 to £100, the ordeal of fhe prison for two long years is brought forward as the last picture in this tragical play. Bah, bah, bah! (To be continued.) To CORRESPONDENCE—Want of space compels us to omit a letter from, " Another Settler," and the Supreme Court intelligence. 