Bathurst, (FROM A COKttKsrONDKNT.) Tho Dovby ls not all over yat, tho oheque has not os yet been romlttcdto Hamlet's ownor-the "Pot" might tako a flt and boil ovor. Tho tlrst favourite's name seems to frighten our Now South Wales sportsmen ; one would fancy his ghost had appeared to thom and frightened them from mentioning any other nag's naino than ll ami et as the Derby winner; but If I am not altogether wrong the Prince of Donmark will have to play aocond fiddle to Lilla's son Jav'lin. I saw him yester day have a trial with Surbiton for one mile, Jav'lin about Sst 101b, surbiton Cst 31b; tho lattor had about a length the best of it-that's all. You can judge for yourself as to the per formance, Tho milo was dono well under two minutes. Jav'lin ls in splondld fottlo, and as lively as a kitten, and speaks volumes for tho attention of Joo Burton. 1 ho colt is getting moro and more like his siro, and I fool convinced will not disgrace, tho paroutago of thu most fashionably brod horse in tho colonies. Ho starts for Sydney on Friday morning, and will put up at fi rico's ; go and have a look at him and give your country couiins an idoa what you now thlok of him. Surbiton, thero is no doubt, is very lit but, somehow, I think ho will bo a long way otr winning the Motrop. ; he is a good constant little horse, but has not got the paco for such a race. Lady Cassandra is looking fairish, and goes tho samo only. Surbiton and Lady Cassandra start for the Metropolis on Tuesday morning, and will quarter at Mr. Ivory's. I don't think Mr. Mayne likes Mr. Scarr'* ideas as to his horse's (Atlas) capabilities, and I am doubtful that ho wfll face Randwick ; but Dan has plenty of pluck, and I hope to see him there. We were all very glad to hear of Mr. Iliffe's luck with Aruma. I, for my part, was not at all surprised at the result of the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap. There is no end of speculation up here as to the probable winner of the Metropolitan. If you go through the performances of Snow- drift and Aruma during tho last sixteen months, carrying never less than 8st 6lb, and at tho same time comparo the timo most of their races were done in, you would imagine that you would havo no trouble in picking tho winner of the great race. I, for my part, think that thero is not a horse in tho race that can foot it a yard with Snowdrift. I hope it will be tho caso for Mr. Iliffe's sake. Mr. Scarr seems to have changed his mind, in his late handicaps about Snowdrift, as to thu weights, although she has not started since he first essayed to weight her. Surely from 7st to 8st 3lb is a great stretch of imagination. 