&lie; ^tofgiTfiltr. THE SOLDIER AND TUB srY. a tjokoh the en»K or etuAsronji.. ChaM-eii IV. THK W.1I1N1M1 VOICE. tK one of the most IVitlle counties nf the south of England, stood lleacii lliill. the ancestral home of the D'Arccv fuinily. Its noble walls and turrets, cr--y witii ng--, end in many places covered with a thick growth of ivy, rote on high fruui amidst, o dense grorcof venerable trees. Mighty oaks, the tiome of countless roofcs, sur rounded the ancient manor-houRc, and Ijt.fl** aril.**.. ttiiiAnii 4-1 a aii ?- kkvnnlxiit'iiB.iHtiil Far- away on every 6idc, the lauds nf the family spread, and beautiful rivulets, ami sequestered bkvs, cnboaomed miuaik inn lusigcous groves, added their clianus (-? ' the beautiful landscape. Deer roBnicd at j -%ii' liberty througutliegrotinds, now ttodpini,' I T?MJk to taste the cool water which bubblmt I -?v^ along the pebbly beds of the rivuletn, and now, startled by some sudden noise, bounding swiftly along the fields townrds the shelter of a neighbouring grov-;. Swans floated npon the surface of the quiet lakes, gaein^proadlratthc reflec tion of their Jxwntiful forms ; glittering fish swam and darted or lazily floated in J? the crystal waters beneath ; birds poured j ._. forth a gush of melodious song from the - branches of the overhanging trees; all ' was beauty, and life, and gladness. j It was night at Beacon Hall. Tlie j blue sky had been suddenly covered by n ' canopy of dense clouds, and the -beautiit) | of the surrounding scene bad been flint out by the gloom of twilight from the j view of the beholder. A low but fltrutig _ wind moaned through (lie bruiiclion flfc of. the item, and bird am) beast h»d ( ?' ? DUUKUvSHOnvi aw a mii- aaaa^a**/* ?. *?* ? ?*# eviiiinr arose to break the repose and Ktillnt'b-- nf -*'? tbe.«eason, except wlieu the occiimoiiiiI jBf ' bark of the watch-dog or. the voles of M ' servants suddenly sounded Uirougli tliv m^i silent air. LignU gleamed from tlic ^KK windows of the old hall, nnil xhonu out in ^H clearly-defined rays through the tln'rfc ^H darkness, throwing a startling air of wild ^H beauty upon the immediate viciuity of ^B the place, and giving to some part's of ^M the nearest groves an appearance of beauty ^B and Bplendor, which it is difficult to H describe. The must brilliant otreain of H light came forth from the window ;-f n H small turret chamber at the northern ex ? tremity of the ball, imd while it flublml ? brightly through the durkncsn, the occa ? sional eclipse and the Uiick shadow, cuat Fj at times upon the grove on which the ^' light fell, shoired that « human form w«rj passing and repaasing before it. Some one was pacing up and down tbut small chamber. Two persons occupied this chamber. One was a young man t.f fine figure, and luce wnicli would have been pronounced handsome, had not a certain duwtica.it air injured the expression. He wm richly dressed, in a long gown of soft quilted Bilk, and lazily reclined upon a sofa at the ?ide of tlie apartment. His companion was much older, and, from the striking family resemblance between the two, he was evidently the father of the y uang man. Be was plainly dressed,' and' paced tho & floor oear the window. As he walked f up and down, he spoke not a word, but, keeping his hands behind him, be gazed abstractedly upon the floor, as though in volved In thought. The room was adorned in an antique manner, and its panelled wall, decked with faded tapestry, had an air of gloom, which even the bril liant light could scarce expel. ' So you think your measures are well taken ?' suddenly said the young man, raising himself from the nofa. 'As well as human ingenuity could devise, or human industry excute,' replied , the elder, stopping in lii»wiilk,and guziug intently upon his companion. ' Wliy, then, arc you so nnxious ?' ~%, ' I am not anxious, Reginald, ray boy,' 1-3L said the other with n cliirl.t cn,i'|o . -- I ?'f am not anxious, but I am, or rather I was, T'k ^'^ng whether there were nny further Lag steps to bo taken, by which the success ShEa ©f tty project could bo swuriil.' \ha$ ' I think you have done all that you r could.' ' Yes ; Lionel D'Arooy is tafe in the Crimea,' said the other, with a bitter \ eneer. 'PerhapshisnobleandchivalrouH spirit may save him from danger and death. Perhaps his matchless conrnjrc may keep him from tniecry aud1 starva tion 1' 'ilisery and starvation 7 How ?' ' When Iso warmly seconded thecflurtH of Lionel to obtain a commission in the army of the Crimea, I knew well that he wsb going to a place from which there Iras little prospect of bis returning. Yes, my boy ; Iforesawmismanagemcnt,suu*ir ing, horror, beyond all that you can im agine, inthisexpcditiwi. Lionel departed upon it. Lionel will never return;' ' ' Yet you may be uistuken. They havo not yet suffered.' 'Do you apt know Hint a Russian winter is coming on, and that' the army is utterly unprepared ? They are rush ing forward to rain from their own mis management, Lionel will uever return 1' 'Yettherearechances. Have yon relied on this alone V ' Not I. I have taken other measures.' ' How ?' 'The Greek!' 'The Greek? Philippo?' « Yes, Philiiip*.. I Hunk that there is little dangerofPhilippo's con science inter fering with the execution, on his part, of all the plans with which ItWoentruited him. I payhimwell; and hewho robbed a, Greek church, and helped to murder the {priests,' who has been a, fiusstan spy for sizyean, he will not stos at anything, I imagine.' 'Then your hopes of Lionel's death rest opon two foundations t' ' Yes. If war and starration, and ' untold suffering, d« not put bim out of the way, then tlie machinations of my txtutr Greek willcertainly finish him. Philippe's mind b subtle,, and bis dagger is keen.' 'Ton Jo not suppose thai PWIippo *rbuld«asaasinatc Lionel, do roof said the younger, wiHi «*alf abodder, 'BegmddD'Areay.youbavenotgot ?'? .tbe spirit of » man llAsten,' «ald the falter, dmdng ? chair to tho «ola, and ?Utia^ dfan*! wmle s bideous eypraulon of triumph crossed hi* countenance — ' Listen. My Grci'k is no 'common murderer. He is an artist. I know my man. He has been long my coadjutor in our dealings with the Czar, both formerly and latterly. He will go to work in a scientific manner, and do nil tliat mny lii' required of him in the most artistic manner. Now, ho will jn-eti'ml-to be the most attiiched ssud fiiitiiful of valets. He will contrive Bonie way to fnvc Lioncl'B life, «o sis to secure his esteem and conli ?luuue. Hi' will pet present* from liis master. But be will (.?mieocUonieclnboratr plan for the min of Lionel, which shall utterly overwhelm bim. ' I should not wonder, Icnowiuj; P'nilippo'.i character, I nhuulil not nondi'r if hi' wi«rc to Iihvc I.iniifl invi'igVil in s'line ii|-yiiix; wrapi'. j O, Philippo unil. rst^iuls thiugs I He j » ill muimpc it ' j ' I« thorc n-- fesr that Linni'l may win ; tlii'f-!l)i-tt'-if.'''d vill, find that J'liilipjiu j inn- prnru u- « i'i'i iiu- i i ' I have n» sueli fear.' j ' A.nilyt'llii:i-- reiiclicroiis, forbepliiyB : that game f»i I.imiel.' ' Trnr, but I hiive mndc it for his in terest to orrvi' hip. He hRS lnnp been | an ngentof mine. I iH./j-iVnrled him, )iav« i paid him Iil-ern11v, and continue to dn «n, with a promise thnt if I enincintu passes- i sion of the estate an I di'«iV. lie fli:ill I share ainm-t princly reward for. tl-e part I he plays.' j 'I-it'rii1 (irnekeuiiHy mcrcpnnry ?' ' ' I think mi; and on that Ktrim? of his I nature havi' I played, thotigli I have inure i than onct! snsjuvted be /„,„ got a, mml,*1 | 'Souls and consciences arc inconvenient i thing«,'rcj'lii-d ItegiiinM : 'forniypnrl, I dun't see why tlioy Were crpat'ci.' ' In posm.'R»inn nf our tools, decidedly bad, and r.scless all tijgether.' I ' Now, if flit's scheme or nny other : fails, there ie tlic chance of a bullet in a skirmish, you know.' said Reginald. ' Uiglit, my boy ; but the snake in the j grass will be a rbarnrtiT more suited to I the Grecian gnuinc of Philippn.' j ' Lionel then is done for. I think tJint is pretty wrlain — Ha ? wlmf noise ! is tbRt?' snd Reginald suddenly leaped j from tbe eOTicb. j ' Whit noise 1 TliprcwasnonoV. How I can there be any ? It*n your fancy, you i enwnrd !' snid the father, sternly. ' I'm no coward ; I did hoar n noise. ! You know, too, that we eannnt bp too | careful in our conversation, for walls have ? ears.' I ' Tnif,' said tl;p nthrr. ' Let us sue that all i« ri«lit. even if it be only for our own Kstisfuction.' Tliey opened the door and looked out, but. daw nothing ; they narrowly searched the closets and corners of the Mom, but, as nothing was found, they concluded that it wan an imaginary sound, and resumed their conversation. ' fiionnl, the don and heir, being gone, then,' said Reginald, ' all the game is oura.' ' Yes, all is ours. My brotlier is cafe in my hands. - The cursed fool ! Why should he be the elder, and got all those broad lands ? He shall not receive the value of them. I will do his Ron, Lionel, to death, and he too shall be dead within these trails before three months pass away.' ' The concoction is certain ?' ' As death.' ' The imperial physician at St Petnrs burgh gave me the receipt when I was there last year. It is a preparation which the Empress Catharine was fond of admin istering to those whom she wished to put out of the way in an easy and unsuspicious manner.' ' How fortunate ! You owe much to your Russian connection.' ' Much. I should have starved, had not the chivalrous OrlandufT found me, fifteen years ago, and enguged me as gentleman corretponden! to the Czar. Ha 1 ha ! Long livo tho Czar '.' ' He pays well, any way.' ' Especially in wur time.' An unmistakable noise suddenly was heard. Both started up. ' What was that 7' cried Reginald, starting and terrified. ' By «fovc, F don't know.' They looked at one another, and then eagerly searched the room. They took lights, and going, out, examined the other rooms. They looked out from the window, determined to be satisfied of the safety of their situation from all listeners. ' It must be tho wind ; no one is here,' - said Reginald. They resumed their seats, aud spoke not for some time. At last, Reginald, exclaimed : 'What of Irene?' 'Irene? Why, when Lionel is finished, she, of course, innst revert to you in the natural order of things.' 'Yes, she must. Of course, she must. Bnt just now she is pretty far from think ing of such a thing.' ' Pooh !- If she dislikes yon now, she will soon get over that. Leave that to me. She must be yours. 'She is too precious a prize to lose !M ' ~ ' How did you become ber guardian? Yon never told me,' said Reginald. ' Her father became obnoxious to the Greek government, under which he lived, you know, and came to live in England. I became acquainted with the wealthy Nikolai Arbanon in London. I could speak fluently modem Greek, and I waa a dabster at ancient ; so I got into the good graces of the «ld gentleman at once. He died, and made me guardian of Irene and ber property. She will be of age in two years, so that there is plenty of time for us to secure ber in the holy bonds. Her property is vast. She bos relatives in' Odessa, and wants to go there; but she shall not.' ' Confound that dog, Lionel t He ha* secured her love, and there is little hope for me.' 'Very little while be lives. He roust be put oat of (be w«y. It is for your interest as well as for mine. As long w he lives, «be will love him madly. When be is out of the way, however, she will forget bim — ' ' Nevor 1' suddenly cried ? voice. 'Good God!' Up leaped thetwo from tbeir»eaU,and, withaWnd of supersti tion* terror, gtaoad wildly wound. ' What infernal taring is going on banf bwwely whUpewdtfce father of B^isaldjM he fiercdr pulled open the door, and looked intently alt round. -They both renewed their search. Every comer, and closet, and cranny, wot again found vacant, as they narrowly examined them. Nothing more was seen or heard beyond what tlicy had seen and heard before. ' I do not understand it,' yiid Regin ald, liiibkily. ' I believe it was only soino ordinary noise, which our excited fancies trans formed into that won), for surely no living being is here. Do you believe in ghosts ?' ' No,' said Reginald, boldly. ' Then that Bound was only imaginary.' ' Bp. it so.' ' Therefore, I will calmly pursue, my labors. I believe, I must finish this letter to my very good friend and patron, the O.nr. He would like to know u little Kmrrt or two respecting the corruptibility uf u few rampant British patriots. I go to the work. Can you read cypher- writ inc like flint I' Reginald glanced in bewilderment at n page of closely-written cypher, which bis lather bold out Ui bis inspection. It seemed like tlie writing of our friends I from the Celestial Empire, being neither I more nor less intelligible. , ' Hii ! b» ! father. You arc nrclly 1 safe in that.' ', ' Y«s, tolerably safe, 1 imnginc. 1 i don't see. how this could be read without i it key, even if it were intercepted. And i here I have a note from Nesselrode.' I ' Well, you are safe. I will go now, and liiive you to your honorable cnijiiuy ] inent. Guixi-niirlit.' ' (iooil-uight,' was tho reply, and the I two unnatural plotters separated. (To !ir rontinunlj 