COUNTRY NEWS. A MEETING to consider the question of railway extension to the westward has been held at Burnt Creek. The following resolutions were passed :—" That this meeting is of opinion that the districts lying to the north-westward of Cas tlemaine on the blue lines by way of Marybo rough, have a paramount claim to railway exten sion, as shown by the statistics already laid be fore the Government." " That this meeting is desirous of seeing railway extension carried into and through the shire, but failing that, considers extension from Castlemaine to Maryborough to be the most advantageous, and worthy of the strenuous support of the inhabitants of this shire." " That a memorial be prepared, in ac cordance with the foregoing resolutions, and signed by the chairman on behalf of this meet ing ; and a similar petition be prepared and sent round for signature by the inhabitants of the district." " That the petition now read be adopted, and signed by the chairman on behalf of the meeting." " That this meeting is of opinion that the Fairlie system of railway, being so much cheaper than the broad gauge, should be adopted generally." A meeting on the same subject was held at Wareek, and resolutions similar to the foregoing were adopted. THE quarterly meeting of the Williamstown Co-operative Company (limited) took place in their premises, Electra street, on Tuesday even ing. The balance-sheet submitted showed that the company was progressing, and that the object for which it was established—that of securing to the inhabitants bread and flour at the lowest prices—had been obtained. The income for the last three rnonths was £437 1s. 11d., and the ex penditure £407 5s. The company's liabilities at the present time were £834 18s. 7½d., and the assets £897 2s. 2½d., leaving a balance on the credit side of £62 3s. 7d. About £600 had been expended in the purchase of land and the erection of premises. The financial statement was adopted, and six gentlemen were elected in place of the retiring directors. Mr. Wannop occupied the chair, there being about twenty-five members present. A SERIOUS accident occurred on Tuesday after noon on the Sydney road. Mr. Rosser's son, while riding home to Brunswick from Melbourne, was thrown from his horse and dragged along the road with his foot in the stirrup. When rescued, he was taken up insensible, and con veyed home. Dr. Talbot, of Brunswick, was in immediate attendance. Dr. Gibson, of Fleming ton, and Dr. Blair, of Melbourne, were also sent for. The sufferer's skull is badly fractured. A CASE of coining has occurred in the Woodend district, where a man named Patrick Sweeney was arrested, charged with having coining implements in his possession. When Sweeney was brought before the Bench, In spector Sadler asked for an adjournment, and the prisoner was accordingly remanded until Monday, 17th July. THE Gipps Land Times reports :—" Two young men named respectively William Dodds and James Farley, started from the Moe with the intention of discovering a road to the Stockyard Creek Goldfield. They left on the 6th June, and it is reported, that after having gone part of the way they returned, and then started again. Nothing has been heard of them since. THE Moorabool ploughing match committee announce that they offer no less than £60 for competition at their match, which is to be held on Mr. Applegate's farm on the 20th inst. THE Minister of Lands has given notice on the 7th inst., that within a month from that time he proposes to revoke the proclamation dated 21st April, 1870, whereby four hundred and ninety-two acres, three roods, and twenty perches of land, in the parish of St. Helens, were temporarily reserved for the purpose of affording a supply of timber for firewood. The order withholding from sale allotment 114, parish of Ondit, has been revoked. A REPORT has reached us (Kyneton Guardian) that a vast extent of quite new, and unquestion ably auriferous country, has been discovered, situated between the Loddon and Coliban rivers, within a few miles of their source. Capital prospects have been obtained from the reef, and the creek below it, but not a single attempt at mining has yet been made in any of the country for miles round. We reported a find in this neighbourhood a short time ago, by a man work ing in the bush near Thomas' Saw Mills, and now we have a further report of a find by a farmer's labourer, residing about a mile from the the mills, made in the same locality. THE public reserves at Sandhurst are still attracting a considerable amount of interest amongst mining speculators, the applications for leases of these reserves being very numerous. The Government have, however, decided to with hold any decision on the question until the ground has been thoroughly surveyed, and a code of regulations framed to preserve the public from all danger that might arise from mining on the lands. AT a meeting of the directors of the Victoria Woollen Cloth Company, held at Geelong on Monday, it was (says the Advertiser) decided to recommend a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum. A proviso was also suggested to the effect that shareholders would be allowed to take out their dividend at once in cloth, or if they preferred cash they should be paid some time during the half-year. A DEPUTATION from Oakleigh, Mulgrave, and Nunawading districts attended at the Roads and Bridges Department on Tuesday, with reference to the expenditure of the toll-fund ; and it was resolved that a scheme suggested should be sent in for consideration, and that, it should be re ported upon by an engineer before any decisive action was taken. A SERIOUS fire took place in Ondit on Sunday The scene of the fire was Quinane's hotel. The poor man and his family were awakened by the crackling of the wood, and it required all the exertion of the men at hand to get water and save the kitchen, stabling, and outhouses. The hotel (says the Geelong Advertiser) was quite con sumed, and but little in the shape of fumiture or bedding was saved. MR. MICHIE'S paternity of the Bottle Bill is denied. "Janus," in the Dunolly Express, writes as follows :—" A -Mr. Baragwanath, of Mary borough, has denounced the Ex-Minister of Jus tice, and snatched from him transient glory of his Bottle Bill. 'Mr. Michie,' says Mr. B., in effect, at the late political meeting at Mary borough, is by no means the eminent men he is supposed to be. The best thing put to his credit is the Bottle Bill; and who was the author of that ? My father, gentlemen, my father, who drafted that celebrated measure, which was af terwards adopted by Michie.' " SANDHURST is likely soon to emerge from the list of towns to that of cities. By the late census it is found that Sandhurst has a population which entitles it to rank as a city. MR. M'LACHLAN, formerly police magistrate at Sandhurst, was on Monday presented by the public of Bendigo with a purse of seven hundred sovereigns. The presentation was made by Mr. J. M'Intyre, at a public meeting convened for the purpose. THE Ballarat Evening Mail does not think very highly of the local Stock Exchange. The Mail of Tuesday night says that no appointment has as yet been made in place of Mr. Main, the secretary to the Ballarat Stock Exchange. It is stated overtures have been made to Mr. Main to again accept the situation, but this, we think, will scarcely be in consonance with that gentleman's views. Again, rumour has it that there is some probability of the Exchange being broken up—a contingency not fraught with much harm to any one. THE charge of forgery preferred against Mr. Milne, late accountant of the A. J. S. Bank, Wagga Wagga, has been dismissed by the local Bench. AT a meeting of the sub-committee appointed for the furtherance of the Beechworth branch railway, held at Beechworth last week, it was decided that an address should be prepared for presentation to the Minister of Railways, pointing out what had been done by the Railway Committee. The offer of one-fifth of the cost by the Government it was now thought to be unwise to accept. At the same time (says the O. and M. Advertiser) it was felt that the present was an admirable time for attacking the Ministry. LEGAL proceedings are likely to arise out of the Nunawading case. A letter, of which the fol lowing is a copy, was forwarded to one of our contemporaries on Monday evening :—" Mel bourne, 10th July, 1871.—Sir,—On coming into town late this afternoon I was appalled at the statements given in your paper respecting my wife and myself. To these I give the most emphatic denial; they are groundless, slanderous, and obscene. My only course is to place the matter in the hands of a solicitor, that I may ob tain such vindication as the law will allow. I am, sir, your obedient servant, JAMES HENDER- SON. To the editor of tlie Daily Telegraph." On Tuesday we are informed that Messrs. Wool cott and Turner served a writ on the proprietors of the journal named for damages to the amount of £5,000, at the suit of Mr. Henderson. THE local correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes :—" Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt bridge ghost, has rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of the party from Lal Lal that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear ever since, that he is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors un ceremoniously rushed out. Finding himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive con fusion and hurry, left his hat and boots behind, and applied all available speed in making his escape to my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully implored admittance. He said he must have traversed the distance in thirteen bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himself on his good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about forty-five years of age, and 6ft. 6in. high, with hair standing on end, bare- footed and bareheaded, clearing huge logs and other obstructions as if the arch-fiend himself were at his heels, from sheer terror, from a ghost, and you have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish themselves with firearms in case of meeting tangible resistance. Should the scheme be carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more converts to the new faith." On Monday afternoon (states the Bendigo Advertiser) the attention of the passers-by was attracted to the actions of a dog in Koch's dam, on the road- side, opposite the Silver Mines Hotel, Long Gully, and on looking to ascertain the cause, the dead body of a man was discovered in the water. It was removed to the hotel, and was recognised as that of a man named Morris Helm. It was supposed that he was drowned on the previous night, but in what way he got into the dam is unknown. A FATAL accident occurred on Monday afternoon (states the Ballarat Courier, 11th July) about two o'clock, at the claim of the Old Hero Quartz Company, Little Bendigo. A young man named Thomas Martin, residing at Brown Hill, twenty-three years of age, and unmarried, was working below, when a sudden and unex pected fall of earth took place, in which he was enveloped. His mates immediately set to work to extricate him, and medical aid was sent for, but by the time they got to the spot, it was evi dent that life was extinct, and it was found that the head of the poor fellow was seriously in jured. THE thoroughbred entire horse Tom King, lately purchased by Mr. Hunter, of Woodstock, arrived from New Zealand on Saturday last. SINCE last season over 100 Germans, many of them with families, have travelled from Adelaide to Horsham, with the view of settling down in that locality. A large number of them (says a cor- respondent of the Pleasant Creek News) possess sufficient means to start in farming, and as they are all men who have followed the occupation in the sister colony, they are thoroughly conversant with the best systems requisite here, in view of the exigencies of the climate. If these families give a favourable report of the ground and climate a large number will be induced to follow, so that before long quite a colony of Germans is expected to settle on the lands in that neighbour hood. THE shock of an earthquake is reported to have been distinctly felt at Geelong, on Saturday morning, at about half-past ten o'clock. Mr. Passelaigue, of James street, states (says the Advertiser) that the windows, doors, and every thing in his house vibrated considerably. A BOY aged fourteen, named Henry Tucker, was carried to the Alfred Hospital, on Monday, at noon, suffering from alcoholic poisoning. He was found by the police, in an insensible condi tion, near St. Kilda Junction. It is said that he had drunk the contents of a gingerbeer bottle filled with rum. The stomach-pump was applied, and the boy seemed most likely to recover. THERE has been a tremendous rush of appli cations at the Geelong land office for a piece of land which has been declared open for selection at Ondit ; section 114, 71a. 2p. Any quantity of pegs were in the ground long before the Government Gazette announcing its being open for selection had reached Ondit. THE Clunes mining companies have been to lerably prompt in action. So as to adopt a uniform code of signals in mining, a meeting of mining managers on Clunes was held on Friday night. Copies of the various signals were handed in, and from them a list was taken, which is in tended shall be the signals for the Clunes mines. Another meeting was to be held to confirm the code, after which they will be printed and dis tributed at the different mines. QUAIL are so plentiful on the Smeaton Plains (states the Ballarat Star) that we learn that two gentlemen, the other day, within a walk of about three miles, shot no less than fifty- five brace. ON Sunday forenoon, a party of four youths, cousins, and related to Messrs. Brearley, tanners, of Geelong, went out in a boat on the River Barwon, for the purpose of duck shooting. They had not been long so engaged when the eldest of the party lifted a loaded gun from the bottom of the boat, and in so doing, discharged it, the con tents being lodged in the leg of George Dean, a lad of seventeen, who expired on Sunday. A coroner's jury returned a verdict of accidental death. At the same time the deceased was taken in, a cousin of his, a little girl, was brought there, having broken her arm shortly before by falling from a see-saw. CORIO BAY bids fair, if effort has anything to do with success, to become an oyster-producing place. Mr. Bates, of Drysdale, has applied to the Lands Department for, and has obtained, the lease of 78 acres of the bed of Corio Bay, front ing his own property, for the purpose of laying down oyster beds. THE Loyal Ballarat Lodge of Oddfellows have decided upon building a hall in Ballarat for the use of the order. THE application by the St. George and Band of Hope United Company for a mandamus to com pel the Borough Council of Sebastopol to con sider its application for permission to mine under a number of streets within the borough, was de cided in the Supreme Court on Saturday. The company contend that a number of streets within the borough are within their block and frontage claims; that if they can mine under those streets without injuring adjoining property, or injuring or obstructing the streets, they are en titledto do so ; and that the council has not the power of arbitrarily refusing them the permission asked. An order was made against the borough council. 