DEHILIAUIN" QUARTER SESSIONS. ? The Court opened at ten o'clock, when his Honour Judge Francis took Ins Seat on the bench. Mr. Forbes appeared a<< Crown Prosecutor. - The local attorneys being Mr. Robertson. Mr. Jeffery, and Mr. Moseley. The weather WJS fine, and there was a goodly attendance of pcple at the Court-house. I.ARCKNV. William Mullins, charged with stealing and receiving a cheque for £1, the property of Frederick Waring, pleaded not guilty. Serjeant Baker deposed that he pot the cheque from Constable Vaughan ; lie arrested prisoner, who f.-iid iie knew nothing about the cheque; he got a cheque for £1 15s from Mr.|Hunter, as wages which he cashed. Frederick William Waring, a lad of twelve years, deposed that lie got a cheque for .£1 from Mr. Moseley on 14th April ; the cheque produced is the one; niis-'ed it on Monday morning; passed Pyke's place several times ; stopped payment of the cheque at the Joint-stock Bank. To the prisoner: Can't say where he lost the cheque nor what dayL , Richard Ward, accountant at the Joint-stock Bank produced the cheque in question ; got it from Mr. Bignell. Wm. Iiignell, landlord of the Royal Hotel, deposed he banked some cheques, which he got out of the till; cheque in Court might have been one of them. Elizabeth King deposed : She is barmaid at the Royal. Received several cheques on Saturday, Cth April. Thinks she received the £1 cheque ill court from prisoner j is quite sure she got-it from one of Mr. Hnnter's men : put it in the till. Left the liar ill charge of Mr. liignell; the cheque was in the till then. Prisoner came into the bar on Monday morning, and in answer to a question, said he cashed a cheque for £l signed by Mr. Moseley ; he said he got if, iu change. He was then very tipsy, and did not know what he was saying ; he had cashed on that morning a cheque for £2 about an hour before;'the £l cheque was taken between five and six o'clock ; he spent his money that night in his usual manner. To the prisoner: You paid silver for drinks that night ; think vou paid the cheque in court—do not swear it. Vou were alone in the bar a portion of the time. To the Crown Prosecutor: M'Kenzie and another of Hunter's men were in the bar with prisoner; there were several cheques cashed for Mr. Hunter's men that night; tbe men generally come to the bar for change of tlieir cheques. Richard Ward recalled. By the Crown Prosecutor : There was another £1 cheque paid in by Mr Bignell—it was signed by Roseufeld Brothers; two, fpr £1 15s each, signed by Mr. Hunter, were also paid in wii-hthe cheque iu court. Henry Wm. Hunter deposed that prisoner was in in his employment on 15th April last, working on the line of road between Biguell's and Bridgestreet ; paid prisoner on 15th April £1 15s; nearly all the men had £1 15s ; that week there was a lost day. Sergeant Baker re-called by Mr. Forbes: Pri. soner said be cashed his. cheque he got from Mr Hunter at Biguell's. Remembered Nugent giving his evidence at tbe police court. Nugent said he got Mr. Hunter's cheque from prisoner for £1 15s, and gave him 10s in change. Policc court depositions put in.) This was the case forthe Crown. Prisoner had no statement to make. His Honour, in summing up, said if this be larceny at all, it is larceny by' finding ; tbe law says a tinder must use reasonable diligence to find the owner of lost property. If prisoner did pass the cheque, he must either have found it himself or got it from some one who did; tbe time was so short, the cheque could not hare been passed aiiout much. They must be satisfied that prisoner was the man who jiassed tbe cheque—if not, he was not entitled to a verdict. The jury retired and in a few mintites brought in a verdict of not guilty. His Honour, in discharging prisoner, recommended him to keep out of the way of drinking, as it was at the liottom of all these scrapes. npRSPSTEALIKG. James Daly, charged with horsestealing at Balranahl, pleaded not guilty. Mr; Holiertbou, who defended, asked that pasouer might be allowed to sit, as he was suffering from an accident. Allowed to sit down. Edward Dowling, constable at Balranald, deposed that about 21st December he saw prisoner in the yard of Peter Young's hotel cutting and branding colts. The colt he is charged with stealing was branded among them; his brand is DLY; it was then fourteen or fifteen months-old. Four colts were branded ; there were forty or fifty horscji altogether in the yard. On the 27th February saw the colt again in Paika paddock .with the mare outside the court; had seen this mars the morning, i aster the branding, looking over the yard fence. Saw them again on the 6th March in Paika paddock; tried then to separate them, but the colt Would not leave the mare. Showed them to James Dean. Prisoner was summoned — not apprehended. Cross-examined by Mr; Robertson :' The branding was done in daylight—there waa no attempt at concealment. James Dean deposed: He is a book-keeper for the London Chartered Bank at Clare station. The mare aud foal Iii question belong to the Bank ; the colt was foaled, and the mare strayed in July, 1869 ; the animal outside is the niare ; the colt was got by Jack, a draught entire, on the station. • Cross-examined by Mr. Robertson: Never saw the foal at all, only heard that it was a black foal. To Mr. Forbes: Saw the mare and foal at Paika paddock ; they could not separate them. To Mr. Robertson : Have not known of a mare takin? to a foal so much as this one did. To a juror : Did not see the foal sucking. John Darlot Shelley deposed he is a pnundkeeper at Rnlranald ; The mare aud foal outside the Court were in the pound on 14th January last; could not say that the mare was tbe mother of the foal; gave notice of the foal to prisoner, and of the mare to Mr. Cramsie, agent for Clare station at Balranald; prisoner released the colt- James Dean, last witness, took away the mare ; had the mare five days after the colt was gone. To Mr. Robertson: It is not an uncommon thing for colts to take up with mares not their mothers. James Dean, recalled by Mr. Forbes: Prisoner offered to let them have the colt if they would not bring the case into Court. To His Honour: The mare went astray when tho foal was one month old ; next heard of the foal when notified by tbe police. This was the case for the Crown. Mr. Rubettssn asked for a dismissal as there was no proof of ownership. Ilis Honour said the colt had been so long out of the possession of the prosecutors, from the middle 1869 to the end of 1870, and the law does not require one to account for the having of property lost so long a time, one and a half years. Prisoner could nqi be called upon to account even if lie*lia<l branded the mare itself after 6he bad been lost eighteen months. The case was formally pat to the jury, who found f»r the prisoner, who was accordingly discharged. By the advice of his Honour. Daly promised to give up the foal -he would be liable to a civil action if lie did not. OBTAINING MONEY UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. John Bucken Cruden. [The evidence will be found in our Police Court report.] Prisoner addressed the jury, endeavouring to show that lie had reasonable expectations of money. His Honour, in charging the jury, said that to make out the offence there must be proved three tilings--1st. That he made a statement he knew was false. 2nd. That he obtained goods thereby. 3rd. That he would not have got the goods except by these false pretences. Jury retired, and when the Court resumed, after lanch, brought in a verdict of not guilty. ASSAOLT AND BATTERY. Henry Lee answered to his bail on a charge of assaulting William Bums, on 22nd January last, and pleaded not guilty. Mr. Robertson, for the defence. Mr. Lee was allowed to stand on the flour of the Court. William Burns deposed he was at Lee's on Sunday, "22nd January last, along- with John Cameron, and another, to get ration!'. Here Mr. Forbes, the Crown prosecutor, asked the witness if he wished to press this ease ; be answered in the negative, when he recommended tlie witness to retire and settle tile matter with Mr. Lee, which, in company with Mr. Robertson, solicitor, they did; a settlement was at once effected—Mr." K»rbes asked that a juryman might leave the box, vben his Honour dismissed the case. STEALING FROM THE PERSON. John Ryan w;is charged with stealing money from John Bums in May last. He pleaded not guilly. Constable Peter O'Reilly, of Tocumwal, deposed that he apprehended prisoner when in company with a man named Driscoll, for stealing money from Burns; proceeded to search him ; he said lie might have a few bob, which he took out of his pocket. Witness found some £1 notes, 8s in silver, three sixpences, one fourpenny and one threepenny piece. This accorded with the description of the money lost given by Hums. Prisoner said he tock it out of Burns's pocket when he was sleeping by the camp tire. He afterwards pointed to Driscoll ami said, " He took it." The three were in the look up together, and w itness heard prisoner attempting to make Burns say that he allowed the money to be taken. James Burns deposed he had been iu the employment of Mr. Carnc, at Tocumwal; got i'4 Ids wajies ; met prisoner aud Driscoll at lUlsou'i; lost £2 and some shillings ; prisoner and Driscoll were unknown to hfm, Did not give prisoner permission to take the money. To the prisoner . I was going mates with you to Echnca. Edward Hillsun of Tocumwal, deposed that Burns was at his place on IGth May last; lie had money—saw him with notes aud silver; prisoner and another man whose name was Driscoll, came there then ; they seemed to have no money ; Burns paid for their tea; after this Driscoll said they would make a camp fire; witness saw the two men go, so he went over to the fire and advised Burns to come into the house ; asked if lie had his money, he felt his pockets, and found it gone ; tliey tlien went for the constable and took prisoner ar.d Driscoll in witness's woolslied, and found the lost money on livaii, who said he took it from Hums, and shortly afterwards said he took it to take carc of. This was the case for the Crown. His Honour complimented Mr. Hilson for his care in the matter, and wished aU publicans were as attentive to their customers. Prisoner said to the jury lie tfook tho money, but only to take care of for Burns—he had no bad intentions, but they were all drunk together, and lie did not very well know what he did. His Honour put the case to the jury in a few words, who returned a verdict of guilty. THURSDAY, JUNE 8. ARSON. stack at Conargo on the 4th May, pleaded not Wm. Daniels, charged with setting lire to a hayguilty. Mr. Moseley defended prisoner. Constable Shiel deposed that he apprehended prisoner on 10th May. Prisoner said nothing; he afterwards said he had been to the water-cask for a drink ; that he saw the first of the iiic and went towards it to sec what it was, and on returning to give alarm he was seized by one of Werner's men about 100 yards from the stacks aud 100 yards from the house. Cross-examined by Mr Moseley : Prisoner made no couccalment—he mi^ht have said he saw smoke and vent to see what it waa smoking. August Werner, publican at Conargo, deposed that prisoner was in his employ two months before 4th August; he asked for his wages two days before they were due, as he was a Freemason, and he wanted to send some money away ; gave him the money, and prisoner then "said he did not care who witness cheated now he had his money ; gave him notice to quit in a month ; he said he was engaged for twelve months and would not go before; after this heard prisoner say in Levy's store that witucs's wife took money from a traveller, also that he knew for a fact that witness was going to bolt and leave his wife in the lurch ; on leaving the store prisoner aaid " Look here, Werner, I can do you an iujury if I like; " witness said, " neither you nor any one else can injure me." Aiiout a quarter past ten heard James Kennedy cry "Fire;" ran out of the house and saw a blaze at the haystack—it was the loose hay on fire; met prisoner on the way to the stack ; he was walking slowly from the stack, about fifty yards from it; he had neither hoots nor coat on ; there was hay seed on his trousers ; Rbeinisb was Ihdre. Said to prisoner, •' You have completciy ruined me." He said, " Not I. " Went into prisoner's room with a light; put the prisoner there in charge of Kennedy and Rheiuisli. The hay is not insured." Cross-examined by Mr. Moseley: Has kept the public-house fifteen months. Did not hear prisouer say, "I could do you an injury by writing down to Mary." Did not go np to the haystack to see if there was any one near; 'there were two stacks burnt worth 402; did not say before tho fire to prisoner, " By the Holy Ghost I'll ruin you"—might have said it next morning. There were a good few hay seeds on prisoner's trousers; prisoner was not drunk that night; it was moonlight, no wind hlowiug; there was a blackfellows' camp about 300 yards from the stack. James Kennedy deposed : He is a groom in the employ of Mr. Werner. On tbe night of the' fire was at Levy's store; about ten o'clock went round to tbe stable ; met Rheinish, they walked together; was Catering the horses, and saw a fire at the 1 laystack and gave the alarm ; no one called tire-before witness ; it was a lieantiful moonlight night; the tire was just commencing among the loose hay; saw a man at the stack at the spot of the fire; recognised that the man was prisoner when he got fifteen yards from the stack; noticed one straw on prisoner's trousers; the whole of the hay was burnt—it burnt all night till morning ; tho night was calm and moonlight; went to the stack and saw no one there ; there is a lagoon between the blacks' camp and the stacks; took pristiner into custody and pnt him in his own room'; he undressed and went to l>etl; he bad matches iu his pocket, aud he threw some out of his waistcoat [locket next morning. Cross-examined by Mr. Moseloy: Never heard privini-r use threatening language to Mr. Werner. SAW a small fl«ne first. Mr. Buckingham said, " Run round and see if there is any one behind." What wind there was was blowing from t ho camp. Recognised prisoner liy the light of the tir-i ; no one cried out "fire " before tyitui^s. Frederick Rhincscb deposed that he and prisoner were in the employ of Mr. Werner. Went to the stable and saw no fire; immediately after Kennedy called out " Fire " witness ran up at once; saw a man three yards from the tire : got up to him and fouud he was prisoner. Triod to extinguish the fire, but it had got too far ahead, 'look prisoner in custody to his room, and he went lo b. J, Cross-examined by Mr. Moseley : Saw prisoner first not more than three yards from the stack— thought he was close on it ; the stable is further from the stack than prisoner's bedroom; pri.vner was walking as fast as he couid from llie ;iie ; witness went all round the stack. To Mr. Forbes : No one called out " lire"' befin-c. Kennedy—could have heard if any one cried '"fire" from the stack; | risouer cried "tire" after the people began to come about; witucss is paid his ua^i-i regularly. This was the case for tbe Crown. William Fergusson deposed that he resided at Werner's hotel. Prisoner's bedroom was close t" witness's; they could talk together from their two rooms; has seen prisoner out several times ii. hi^ stockings to get water ; on the evening previous to the fire heard prisoner cast up something to Werner about a loaf of bread. Wc-rner said it v. a< a D lie," and, coming outside, said In; wmiM make Daniels suffer. Saw them going tioui tlid store to the house; heard prisoner then s.-iv to Werner he could do him an injury by wr-ting down to Mary. After that prisoner asked some one to have a drink- not to take a shingle oil' the tool ; about ten o'clock saw prisouer Flunking ; witness was sitting under lingeia's verandah all the line*. About half-past tell saw two parties t-o^utucr near the shed. Cross-examined by Mr. Forbes: Fred, was one ot the two men—can't say that Kennedy war tli-j Other. Prisouer did not ask witness to pive evidence at the police court ; heard prisouer say that Werner's wife took a loaf from a traveller; \\\ eiiu i was angry and threatened prisoner, who said bo could do Werner an injuiy by writing down to Alary or Moseley. Saw prisoner leave liogeiv's ai:d go towards his own room; he had !•< oil all.-ut .-in hour at Rogers's; prisoner said there that lie ha-l got his money from Werner, who could slide oii it he liked ; his last words were oil leaving, " .My old woman is in l^euilitjuin, and 1 must go home and hug the pil'ow." About a quarter of an hour afteitlns h. aid the cry of lire—had just turned in tolu .l. Lived then at lingers'*. ' David Rogers deposed that he keeps the BilLihcng hotel at Uonar^o. Saw prisouer about a quarter to ten Oil the night of the lire ; went L» i.eil al'out ten o'clock; heard voices in the verandah of Werners house—thought they were meu belonging to tlie place. Cross-examined by the Crown Prosecutor : Prisoner asked for a light—gave him a match ; ln-aid prisoner say something aUmtliis wife when he I. it. About half-past ten heard a row, and thought it was the blacks lighting. To his Honour: Prisoner was a nttle ek-vati.I that night; he had been s]icaking of his family. The jury were addressed by Mr. Moseley and the Crown Prosecutor. His Uouour went over the evidence, and after reading some testimonials in prisoner's favour, left the case with the jury, who returned a veidict of guilty. ISSUING A VALUELESS CHEQUE. The case of Wm. Barefoot, for issuing a valueless cheque, was deliycd to next sessions, ill consequence of c 'l taiu p;ipers not being forward. Ilis Honour remarked that tins was an illu^trriiion of the evil of an attempt at c nrralizatioii by the Government. Such a thing newr happ.-i.-.d when the cltik of tin, peace i.sid to tr.nel with him ; already the expenses attending postponements had exceeded tile saving of tile clerk's travelling expenses. The witnesses were bound over to r called on. The prisoner was allowed ill GO/, aud two sureties iu livl ;arh. FIIIBAY, JLXI:'J. John liyan, for stealing fi mi tin Tocumwal, aud William Dan;. e.'.u charge of arson, Were n >ei:U-ui.ed i mouths imprisonment in ijuuiii.tro ^.m! labour. This closed the business of the Q i.irt.-r n-.ir when I. liilllSell" i, at nl' a lite. Ti iiard 