: .-.;?- :: '.SPOUTING. : ' Bt Or-P .ToKRiCK's'GnoaT. : ':''? ?'?',:.'' Not long since everyone was Syondering whe ther we wero to have any Christmas Races this year or not. ' -Not a fsw predicted failure to tho promoters of the onsuiug meeting ; in fact, the most enthusiastic of our turf supporters wqro forced to admit things looked very 'blue.' But, thanks to a few of tho more, spirited, a start was made ; and things have so far advanced that I have little doubt a programme will be offered to tho public worthy of this community:.. At a meeting held at the One-mile, it wns pro posed that our racos take' place on. the 26th and, 27th of December. next, and : after some other businoss the meeting was adjourned , till last 'Wodnosday, when a very fair. 'muster of One milors and Gympioitos met at Lynch's Tattor sall's Hotelj and transacted. a good deal of busi ness.. Tho Stewards, Socrotary, and Treasurer wero olectod; and 'canvassers were appointed to collect subscriptions; . I believe those gentlemen intend- to : commence business at once, and, 'judg ing from the extremely, libevil mannor in which, tho subscription list has been re.ceivod, they,. will, have little difliculty in raising the required amount. Thavo hoard not a fowbusiness mon ask, ' what do the races benefit iis ; I don't intend to' give' anything towards, it.' Now, whoever heard such a stupid remark? .Why! there is not a business man in the place but who dorives so.mo benefit from the, racos. Do thoso parties who use snohi stupid arguments against the races ovor 'consider the fa6t;that if we had no such sport here a' large portion of our; ploasuro- spekors would go elsewhere to enjoy: thomsolves? I have heard a number of persons Rl-.ni.n t.liat, if we bn.d no nioetinti thev would ao to 3i'isbaneor olso\vhero -to spond their holidays. , ; . I boliovo it is'tho intention of the StoVards ;b arrango the pmo's in such a mannor this year ;hat the principal part of the money will bo loft n the town ; .and also to* do away with Hurdle R,acos. I miss soverUl names from tho list of Stewards 'that1 can ill be spared 'on an occasion ike this, but as those gentlemen have, expressed! Jiomselves desirous , of, doing all they. can, , apart, 'roin takfingany very aotivo share in the arrange nohts, I think tho Stewards can rely upon thoir mpport.' ?.''.'. '?...,'?' I have' not' hoard whothor the Maryborough; fieoplo intend to got iip any racos, but ifthoy do [ would recoininond them to tix .thorn' for New: dear's Day, for by so doing, .the Maryborough horsos:coukl take. part. in tho Gympip racos, and. [it tho. samoi timo be able.to got back to Mary borough' by tho Now Yoar ',;'.' both' towns' would' beiiqfit by this arrangbmorit, for,' ho doubt many of our Maryborough friends' would pay iis a visit, arid tho Gympio pooplo would have am'plo time toroturn the compliment. ? ' ?) . '. 