.. A GIIOST STORY. j Mrs Brook related to me the following particu lars, in presence of her. daughter She and heri family were liviDg at Southampton, in a small: house, somewhat out of town. Her establish-! meht consisted of a butler and two maid servants., Whenever she spent the evening out,she took the; house koy with her, and desired the butler. to, place on a table in the hali a candle and some i matches, and go to bed, so that her retum mightl not disturb the rest of the family. One evening', some friends , accompanied Mrs Brook to the door, and having seen her safe inside, took leave, i and left her. The moon was shining, and it was a fine night. While Mrs Brook was holding the; matches in her hand, and in the act of lighting ' the candle, she saw a man come down the stair case into the hall, opposite to where she stood, still busy lighting the candle. Thinking it was the butler who had awaited her return, she said, " Oh! how can you be so foolish as to sit up, when you know I have ordered you to go to bed, aud do not .wish it ? "Why did you do so ? " As she spoke the figure slowly moved, along the hall, and began to descend the kitchen stairs. Not receiving any answer, and the candle now being well alight, she looked up more attentively, ana wondered to herself why the butler did notspeak, and why be wore a cut-away coat and brass hut- tons ; for, from the dimness of the candle -and the uncertain moonlight : she - noticed . nothing otherwise singular in his appearance. As it was late, she, went up at once to bed, leaving licr door open in order to hear, the butler return upstairs to his room, who waB awoke. " I cannot conceive," she said toher, " why Jamesshould have sat up for me to-night against my express orders, and now he is staying tbe most unaccountable time in tho kitchen. 1 most go and wake Jane!' (the maid) "and moke her go and see what he is about. It is very odd." The maid was called and asked to go down and look after James. " James, ma'am I " said she ; he is in bed upstairs, and I am sure he has not moved, or I should have heard him overhead and on the stairs, I am such a light sleeper." - Miss Brook had heard nothing cither. Mrs Brook was aghast. / " There was a man. in the house then/for lie passed close to. me in the hall ; I did not look at his face, for I was lighting my candle, but I took it for granted it was James, And the odd coat too. There is . a man concealed below, . and we must make James get up at once.' James wiis found fast asleep in hisb'ed ; lie ka.d never 'stirred. , He got up and went down stairs, followed by .Mrs Brook and her maid.. The.doors were all barred and locked, the windows fastened. Every hole and corner. wgs searcheil,! no; one was found, ' not a chair even! had been ino'ved. , Mrs Brook began to feel uncomfortable ; the singular dress str.iick her, and something strange in the motion of- tbe figure, whioh in tho hurry of tlie_ moment she had not remembered. At last tired out, , mid very much frightened, they all Nvent to bod; Next morning a- policoman -was sent, for, .'ainl Mrs B. dosenbod t ho wholo occurrence mid "tho appearance of tho figure. ",Oh," replied tlie policeman, "that was .tlio ghost— -many- have soen that ghost in this house bbforo. He walks down tlibso stairs fi:om . the., top of tho lioiiise. Years ago his masteir murdorod liim below, at the.foot.of tho atrnrs near the ;kitehen, And his body was found there. If you tako up .tho lhattuig you will soo tlio stains of blood in thb flooring, which no wlashing will reniovo." .Mrs Brook did soo some dark marks on tlio spot in dicated. : She left tbte houso almost immediately. All the Year . Round; \- A practical Yankee being told that iu the days of tho milleiuum tliB lion and tho lamb will lio down- togotlior, said .;'.' lie exjieotecl thb lamb will lie down inside the lfon;1' 