DRUNKENNESS AND PROHIBITION. (Pall Mall Gazette.) WE fear that, notwithstanding Mr. Bruce's speech yesterday, the movement in favor of the Permissive Prohibitory Liquor Bill must be considered to have gained in importance since gained in importance since the introduction of the Government Licensing Bill. If that bill had become law, a qualified sanction would have been given to the principle for which Sir Wilfrid Lawson seeks to obtain general recognition. It is true that, as com pared with the possible closing of all the publio houses in a district, Mr. Bruce's proposal to give the ratepayers a veto on any increase in their number in excess of a certain prescribed ratio to population was a very mild measure. Bat as regards the part assigned to local action, and the investment of the majority of rate payers in each district with the power of regulating the number of public-houses, the Licensing Bill and the Permissive Bill were framed on the same lines. Whatever strength an agitation derives from the partial adoption of its programme by the Government will certainly be enjoyed in future by the advocates of permissive local prohibition. Sir Wilfrid Lawson is no donbt right in saying that the Permissive BUI is designed to meet an evil of tremendous, though no longer, it may be hoped, of growing magnitude. It is very pos sible to exaggerate the criminality of drunken ness among the poor, but it is hardly possible to overstate the mischief which it does or the misery which it causes. It is quite natural that benevolent people who live much among them and see the consequences of drunkenness appa rent on every side should be ready to snatch at any plan that seems to offer a remedy for such a state of things. The proposal to shut up public houses in any neighborhood where a certain ma jority of the ratepayers can be induced to con demn them as nuisances has many recommenda tions in the eyes of reformers of this class. So far as the remedy is applied it ia extremely simple and complete. If there were no public houses, intoxication in the form in which we most commonly encounter it would cease to exist. It might reappear in other and not less injurious forms, but this contingency is not one which impresses the popu lar imagination with anything like the vividness with which it is struck by the spec tacle of four publio-houßes at as many street corners and a stream of drunken tipplers passing in and out of all of them. Their senae of the difficulty of bringing the whole country round to their views is pleasantly soothed by the re flection that the bill only asks to be permissive, and that all they themselves will have to do to make it effectual will be to bring the ratepayers of their own neighborhood round to their views. The idea of leaving it to the inhabi tants of each district to say whether there shall be any places licensed for drinking chimes in with our veneration for local self- government; and this sentiment is further appealed to by the veto being entrusted not to the inhabitants merely—that would savor too much of universal suffrage to please our practical countrymen— but to the inhabitant ratepayers, the embodi ment in English estimation of political wisdom and virtue. Vet it is this permissive element in Sir Wilfrid Lawson's bill, and the part it assigns to local majorities, that constitutes to our minds one of the principal grounds for condemning it. If it were necessary that such a measure should be passed in some shape or other, it would be better that the prohibition should be universal and should be imposed by the direct authority of Parliament. In this way we should only get one bad statute; in the way in which Sir Wilfred Lawson asks us to legislate we should be saddled with a principle which might do as much mischief as many bad statutes. If it is for the good of the community that public houses should be put down, the highest legisla tive authority should be invoked to put them down. If it is not for the good of the commu nity that they should be put down, why should an obnoxious restriction be imposed by an inferior authority on a single district ? There is no proper field for local self-govern ment in matters of this kind. If A., one of the minority in a neighbor hood where the public-houses have been closed by a vote of the ratepayers, chooses to buy fer mented liquors, the only grounds on which the State is justified in forbidding him to spend his money as he likes are grounds common to the whole population. That his doing so is ob noxious to a majority of his immediate neigh bors is, taken by itself, no justification what ever. But though tke bill would in this respect be less objectionable if it were universal and com puleory in its operation instead of being partial and permissive, the larger measure would be quite sufficiently mischievous. In the first place, it would be essentially transient in its operation. To use a phrase with which the Irish debates of this and the last session have made us very familiar, it would be a resort to coer cive legislation without a previous or contempo raneous reßort to remedial legislation. A working man does not get drunk simply because there is a public-house next door to him—else why does not the temptation prove equally irresistible to every one of us ? He gets drunk because the public-house supplies the occasion, and a host of other causes—want of education, want of healthy amusement, want of home comforts, want of pure liquor to drink, want of proper supervision of the houses he frequents, and the like—lead him to use the occasion badly. It is to the causes of the mischief, not to the possibly innocent occasion of it, that the thoughts of all who wish to mend matters should be directed. The closing of public-houses would not take away the desire, it would only put difficulties in the way of its gratification, and as long as the desire remained there would be so much sore ness and ill feeling excited by the prohibition that it would be certain to be repealed or to be come a dead letter within a few years of its enactment. We should then find ourselves farther than ever from ths real end in view, since we should have been dealing with the working classes as foolish mothers deal with children who want what will do them harm. Instead of training them to be content without it we should simply have put it beyond their reach, thereby making it all the more likely that they will snatch at it if it is brought within their grasp. And behind these objections to the results of the bill lies the still stronger and irremovable objeotion that it arrives at these results by restricting the liberty and interfering with the convenience of the sober portion of the community, in order to make it harder for the drunken portion to obtain a vicious gratifica tion. " The main reason urged against my bill," says Sir Wilfrid Lawson, "is that it will inter fere unduly with the liberty of a minority of the people; but this will be far transcended by the infinite advantage of removing the temptation to drunkenness out of the way of the large body of the people." It would be just as rational to argue in favor of forbidding people to carry gold watches in the streets, on the plea that such an interference with the liberty of the minority would be far transcended by the advantage of removing the temptation to steal them out of the way of the large body of pickpockets. If there were no property there could be no theft, if there were no drinking there could be no intoxication; and the reasom, in behalf of prohibition will apply pretty equally to both cases. It is to be hoped that Mr. Bruce will take the bread out of Sir Wilfrid Lawson's mouth by pushing on the police clauses of his Lioensing Bill. If public-houses were properly regulated, the agitation in favor of the Permissive Bill would be confined, in the course of a very few yean, to a handful of fanatical philan thropists. Chhj>hooi>. —Let man enjoy what he will in after-life, if his childhood hat been blessed with the cure and kindness of a judicious mother, there will come moment* when the oup of pleasure will be dashed from his lips as taste less, in comparison with those hours of sweet and social intercourse, when he first learned to look for a perrading spirit in the realms of nature—to welcome all the animated and joyous creatures of earth as members of his own wide brotherhood, and to hail the beams of morning as pledges of the inexhaustible beneficence which created both life and light, and ordained them as blessings to mankind. Abhebt Fbibkds.—Who shall describe the night-watches of those who know that the ocean bears the treasure of their souls—who shrink within themselves, yet seem to find no shelter from the howling blast—who listen and bope that the storm is abating, when it does but re treat to come again with redoubled fury, roar ing and bellowing, till the wild wind, and the creaking branches, and the hissing rain, are mingled as it were into one unirersal shriek! And then the dark hearing waters seem to rise again, and all is swept away by the booming wares, or by the moaning blast, that groans and murmurs as it falls lower and lower into the abyss of destruction. Lobd Bbotoham was living only four years ago, yet he had conversed with a person who had conversed with an eye-witness of the exe cution of Charles I. " I hare heard (he says) my grandmother, being at the time ninety years of age, relate all the circumstances of the exe oution of Charles 1., as they had been told her by an eye-witness who stood opposite to White hall, and saw the King upon the scaffold." He adds. —" My grandmother was born in Queen Anne's reign, so that I have convened with a person who was alive 180 years ago, and who might have heard her relativo, Ann Brougham, who lived to the age of 106, speak of events that happened in Elizabeth's time."— Life and 'Lime* of Henry, Lord Brougham. Ghost-Sbbino.—We find quite an interest ing account of ghost-seeing in the pages of a work entitled " Arcana of Spiritualism," and a still more interesting explanation of why ghosts are sometimes seen. The author of the work says that ghosts are nothing more than a luminous, gaseous flame that arises from all bodies, and especially those undergoing decom position. These emanations, he says, are of so ethereal a nature that only persons of peculiar organisations can see them, unless, on some oc casions, where they are present in great force. Of course, in graveyards, for instance, it " takes no great stretch of fancy to shape the upright, luminous, waving cloud into human form." The author pronounces this a simple fact in chemistry, and thinks it singular that from it should have arisen all the unbelievable stories of ghosts and hobgoblins which float through people's brains and terrify them; all " having no more existence than a wisp of flame or fog-like cloud." A singular instance is given as happening in Germany, in a locality known as Pfeffel's Garden, at Colmar. Pfeffel will be remembered as the blind German poet, and he had engaged a young clergyman named Billing as his amanuensis. The poet was always led by bis amanuensis when he walked out, which was most frequently in bis garden. After a time Pfeffel remarked that every time they came to a particular spot in the garden, Billing's arm trembled, and he manifested uneasiness. Some conversation about it finally occurred, when the young clergyman reluctantly stated that as often as they passed that spot certain sensations attacked him, which he could not overcome, and which he always experienced at places where human bodies were buried. When he came to such places at night, be saw strange sights. With a view to cure this man of his delusion, the poet returned with him to the garden that night; and when near enough, Billing said he saw what at first appeared to be a white, immaterial flame, which then took the form of a woman—one arm laid across the body, the other hanging down, wavering, or at rest, the feet elevated about two hand-breadths above the ground. Pfeffel walked up to it, as the young man would not, and struck through the spot with his cane j but the spectre did not move nor alter. It was as when one strikes a Btick through a flame; the fiery shape always recovered the same fjrm. Many others also saw it, and quite a sensation was created ; and at last Pfeffel had the place dug up, when a skeleton was found, covered with quick-lime, as in time of pestilence. The bones were taken out, the hole filled up, and the spectre was never seen again. 