DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tuesday, MAY 16. SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. At 11 o'clock the clerical and lay members of Synod assembled at St. Paul's Church, where, after morning service, the Holy Communion was celebrated by His Lordship the Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean RusselL, the Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, and the Rev. Canon Dove. After the Communion, His Lordship delivered his "Pastoral Address " as follows :— " Reverend and Lay Brethren— " The Prophet Daniel has recorded of h>msalf that when the visions of the great empires of the world passed before tia mind he was ' troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in his heart.' We, too, have seen during the past year the fall of one empire and the rise of another. We have witnessed the passing away of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The States of the Church have been absorbed in a United Ita y, and Rome has once more become the capital of a free and great people. With the political consequences of these events we in this place, and on this occasion, have no concern; but their effect on the general interests of the kingdom of Christ may well occupy onr atten tion. The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs aflVct the mind of millions of Christian subjects of the 'Roman obedience.' Such a catastrophe after a possession of 1,114 years, touching nearly the feelings of one-half of Christendom, must also interest all who believe in the Corporate unity of the visible Churoh of Christ. Nor are the ways of Pr«vi deuce in this dispensation to be overlooked. As the sword of one Frankish monarch in the Bth century transferred the States of the Church from the King of the Lombards to the See of Borne, so the Ki"g of Lombardy has reannexed them on the downfall of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. "Again 1; on the very day on which in St. Peter's certain Bishops claimed for the See of Boms spiritual dominion in matters of faith and morals over the mind of the whole world, war broke out between Germany and France. The foreign soldiery by which the Papal Go ▼eminent was supported were withdrawn, and r Some fell to the Kingdom ef Italy by the votes of its own citizens. It will be remarked also that not only France, bat Spain and Austria, which as portions of the Latin Empire upheld for centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political feebleness; while the sturdy vigor of the Lutheran Teuton has won for Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in the Vatican ; but an open Bible and a free Church are domiciled in Italy! "And are we to be told that there is no hope for the faith or morals of Christendom because we refuse to accept as infallible the authoritative decisions of the Roman Pontiff ? Bather let us listen to the witness borne by the distinguished Father Hyacinthe to the fatal influence of that regimen. The fall of France he has traced to the * oppressive and corrupted forms in which Christianity has been clothed' by it. This is the cause, he continues, * why she is forced to remain without religion, and consequently without a constraining morality, between Ul tramontanes in and Infidelity.' The remedy, he points out, is ' the Sacred "Volume open to the world to enlighten and fertilise it.' ' Why,' he asks, 'is it shut np in the obscurity of the dead languages, and under the seal of the most severe prohibitions? The bread of doctrine and of life, which God has prepared for the " little ones" as for the learned, how has it been with drawn from them ? It is in vain to urge as a pretext the abuses of heresy and unbelief. Place the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent exegesis, and neither will have any cause to fear the other. " Place it in its own true relation to the people by a religious education wortliy of it and of them, and it will j became the surest guide of the life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship.' These are noble words, and point out the gain to Italy and the world by the fall of the temporal Papacy; for what believer in < God's inspired Word can doubt of the eventual triumph of religion over infidelity; or morality over sensualism? | " Nor is the prospect of reunion among the scattered branches oi the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by the removal of the Pope's seoular power. The language above cited of the eu- Ughtened monk, Protestant as it is, in behalf of the free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical re form, and ' liberty of prophesying,' still is con sistent with the warm feelings and sympathies of the Catholic churchmen. He is not one who would ' rend the seamless coat' of the Redeemer, though he refuses to base the Churoh's unity on the assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff. Again?t that dogma he has entered his unalter able protest. His is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a unity of absolute subjection. "A similar view lias been presented to us by a, thoughtful Essayist (Dr. Irons) in a late work, entitled 'The Church and tho Age.' Speaking of the Visible Church of Christ in time future, he writes on this wise:—'The spiritual polity, begun by the Holy Ghost 18 centuries ago, increasing from age to age by means of Divine gifts, and by the change of the human character through the conscience of the individual—that "moral society" aiming to spread itself in all nations, and to extend a voluntary government of its own for the unity of its creed, and of its members, must, in order to do its work in the world " by raising the moral standard of mankind, 1' recognise its own reality and unity as "an organic whole;" freed on the one hand from Sacerdotal tyranny. and on the | other unfettered by Erastian Government. Distinct:, indeed, from tlie Governments of this world, it will nevertheless facilitate their work, by acting in its corporate capacity on individual consciences. " The powers that be" of human society operate on the external life of man; the Church penetrates the inner sanc tuary of the soul, and by bringing men under law to Christ wakes them subject to human laws for conscience sake.' " Primitive Church.—The Primitive Church, One Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated rather than revolutionised the pagan world, and taught men in the ' brotherhood of Christ' to love each other. The primitive Christians had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all. They formed one body, as there was in them one Spirit. They had one hope of their calling, and with one mind and one mouth they glorified God wherever they as sembled themselves together. The assumption of Supremacy by the See of Rome destroyed this unity. The dogma of infallibility tends not to restore, but to render it impossible. " Divested, however, of secular power, the Papacy can no longer repress enquiry, nor enforce the separation of its subjects from the other branches of the Orthodox Church. Hence forth the respective positions of the Papist and the Catholic Churchman will be clearly defined. They will stand out as distinctly as does the Protestant now, who evolves from Scripture on his own private judgment his faith and worship, owning no allegiance to the mind or usages, the creeds or liturgies of Catholic antiquity for the interpretation of the written Word of God; nor relying on the external witness of the primitive Church in its corporate existence to the genuine ness and inspiration of the Scriptures them selves. Papism, Churchmanship, Individualism are the several forms into which religious belief and practice will now crystallise. Which of these will be most influential in restoring unity to Christendom may be easily conceived. Yet different and even opposed as they are to visible unity, Christiauity, ueveithelesa, in its various forms witnesses for righteousness and peace ami spiritual truth. It pleads the iv! crests of man's immortal soul ugtinst the sensualism of a posi t've philosophy. If unalile to prevent war, it iniug'tes auJ soothes its horrors. It has bauislicd iv H'u^kud the practice of dielliug ia privatu soci-iy, and it lifts up its voioi against the conflict of nations. It has abolished man- stealing :md slavery. It recognises tbe brotherbocdl o! mankind by sending its peace ful missions to tha heathen said the savage. If, ther, Sectarianism, with its narrow interests and petty jealousies, could be merged in the wider sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but the permanent unity of a. World- wide Church, scriptural in dectriue aud apostolic in order, vast indeed would be the power of * the kingdom not of this world.' The separation of the tem poral from the spiritual authority in Rome will have done something towards the accomplish ment of s>uch an ideal. "Church of England and its Relations to other Bodiesof Christians.—But, it may be asked, what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation of independent national Churches? In reply, I may say that during the last century our own communion has bom gradually developing this Bystem, in the United Stites, in Canada, in the West Indies, iv Africa, in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last of all in Ireland. Churches independent on the State, having the s&me; standards of doctrine, the same Liturgy in substance and almost in form, the same principles of eccle siastical order, discipline, and law, are in full communion with each other in the bonds of the Gospel. They are all voluntary association?, self-governed and self-sustained. Of late, also, the ancient friendly relations between the orthodox Greek Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril Lucar, Patriarch of Constantinople, sent in 162S the Alexandrine manuscript of the Bible to our Charles L, such friendly inter course has been re-established by the inter change of Pastoral Letters between the present Patriarch and the Archbishop of Canterbury; still more by the welcome, social and ecclesias tical, given to the Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenos by the Heads of the Church on his late visit to England. " Cl'urch of Ireland.—Since the beginning of the present year the Church of Ireland has entered upon this fr<.e career, and, notwith standing the baneful influence in times past of political corruption, she has shown herself capable of freedom and self-government. A moie missionary spirit in defence, and inculca tion of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected, follow on such freedom from the trammels of Establishment. From these ex ample?, we see how possible it is for free and independent National Churches to be ono in the Catholic faith and Apostolic order, as well as in full communion with each other, ministering at each other's altars, and as one brotherhood, doing the work of the ministry. It needs not the authority of a Supreme Pontiff deeming himself infallible to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of Erastian go vernment. " Historic Basis of the Church. —In the his toric basis of the Church of Christ, ' the faith once delivered to the "feaints," 'the form of sound words,' the threefold Apostolic Ministry transmitting to future generations the genuine writings of Apostles and evangelists; in the specific trade mark', so to speak, of Catholic doctrine — ' antiquity,' ' universality,' and 'consent' ('quod semper quod übiquz quod ab omniltue^, we have a sufficient guide in search ing the Scriptures for all that is necessary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are the voicx of God speaking to the indi vidual conscience ; and against the Church so built up on the true Rock, which is Christ, the gates of hell shall not prevail. "The Catho'ic Church. — One great con federacy, confessing one Lord, having one faith, one baptism, oue eucharist, one ministry, one Spirit'governing and sanctifying the whole body of Christ, the Churches of different countries and languages may freely do their work of ex tending the Kingdom of Christ, and aiding each other by interdependence and sympathy under the Chitf Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship is not required; uuity of faith aud order, of mind and spirit, is indispensable. " Keunion of Protestant*. —Here the ques tion arises, should not such union first be sought among those Protestant bodies which, orthodox in faith, have separated from the na tional Establishment on various questions; such, for example, as 'connection with the State,' 'the triple order of the ministry.'' Episcopacy itself,' * the Sacraments and Saoramenta.l grace,'' Fsedo baptism,' 'Liturgical forms,'aud other matters. To thoie who hold these institutions or ar rangements to be of purely, human authority it may seem almost a duty for the sake of peace and unity to ignore or compromise their existence. But such is not the mind or teach ing of the Church of England in her formularies and services. "The Visible Church.—The visible Church, with its appointed ministry, sacraments, form of sound words, and inspired Scriptures, are of divine appointment. The Apostles, acting under plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, fulfilled in these institutions the instructions received from our Lord himself. 'He was seen of them 40 days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the Kingdom of God.' —Acts i. 3. In faith fulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not tamper with or ignore such Apostolic ordi nances. While we hold this faith we must act consistently with it, and bear with patience all taunts of arrogance and intolerance, pro vided we are conscious to ourselves that we are acting not out of contention, but in faith and dutifulnesa to Christ. Not in a self-seeking spirit, then, but in Ihe interest of evangelioal truth, the clergy of the Church of England feel themselve? as a body constrained to stand on the historic basis of the Church of the Apostolic age. To, abandon it would only weaken the evidence for the Canon of Scrip ture, upon which religion and morals depend. " Binney Corresondence. —In 1858 I discussed this question with the Key. T. Binney (I trust in a friendly spirit), and pointed out certain conditions on which alone I conceived the Church of England could give the right hand of fellow ship to orthodox Protestant ministers, and admit them to minister her services and occupy her pulpits. I see no reason to depart from the convictions then expressed ; but, ou the other hand, much remains to be done before they can be expected to desire such communion, or even take into consideration its feasibility. Leaving this contingency to the ' future,' I hail with pleasure the removal of any blemish in the Church of England itself which is calculated to perpetuate alienation, aad to keep able and pious men from the ministry of our Church. * Establishment' is no necessity for a Church's being or well-being. It has ceased in Ireland, in Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. "Anglican Church in Australia Free.—The Church of England in thin colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical concerns by its own Synod. It is a voluntary Church. The lay members enjoy their proper influence in the patronage, management of funds, and affairs of their own congregations. Parochial vestries are independenl-oi each other. Very many of the objections urged by tbe Puritans at the Savoy Conference, April 15, ICGI, have been gradually removed. The declaration of subscription has \ been altered, the repetitions in the Service, uu frequency of Communions, use of Apocrypha, the selection of Lessons, have been amended. The Authorised version of the Scriptures ia in I course of revision. These changes, together with j the decisions) of the Privy Council on several points, as well as the recommendations of the Ritual Commission, will go a long way iv removing things which heretofore have given offence. When nothing shall be left but what is agreeable to the Word of God or the practice of the Primitive Church, ' all will have been done that can be done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.* " Ihe Episcopate.—Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out in the Canons of IGO3-4, aided, as it is, by the Presbytery, both in the cxercueof discipline and the examination and ordination of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. "Happy, then, in her scriptural creed, primitive liturgy, apostolic order, aud comely ritual, the Church ot England is so situated as to offer a basis of union available for many Churches now drifting from their ancient moorings. She may open wide the arms of comurehensive svuinathv while standing stead f astly upon the ' old ways.' Far from repudiat ing all fellowship with orthodox Protestant ministers, she has gladly weloomed of late several of distinction to her Orders. She has further invited the co-operation of others, being learned men, in the sacred -work of re vising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The Beads of future reunion are thus being plentif ally sown. In the interim we must he content to hold each other in sincere respect and Christian regard, each being fally per suaded in his own mind, and waiting until the area of controversy is reduced to a vanishing point. " Privy Council.—l have alludtd above to the subject of Ritual, and to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council upon various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them are too recent, and at this moment are the subject of so much angry dispute, that (I forbear to enter on them, until time has been given for a fair consideration of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remarks on the nature and mode of proceeding of thi? Tribunal may not be out of place. The Church of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the Crown 'over all persons in all caiuu.' As the guardian of property held in trust for National worship established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those trusts are duly carried out. Hence ecclesi astical questions must needs come before the Supreme Court of Appeal. Under the Mosaic revelation, the Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High Priest and his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Paul was not ashamed to appeal unto Oesar. Nor has any clergyman, of our Church any ground of complaint, if 'the powers that be' examine whether he fulfils or contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily undertook at Or dination. The Judioial Committee does not presume to make the law or doctrine of the Church. On the ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only open tv Legislative bias when that meaning is doubtful and obscure. In such cases the writings of leading Divines of the Church itself in times past have been appealed to, and guided the decision — gen.era.llg in favor of liberty and toleration. "Case of Hebbert v. Purehas.—lt is to he re gretted, perhaps, that in the late judgment in tbe case of Mr. Purchas, the decision has re stricted xai nan-owed, rather than tolerated or widened, the liberty of the minister as to the position in which he officiates. Tbe view of tbe rubric taken by myself, in my judgment regard ing the ministrations of St. Paul's, Port Ade laide, has been entirely upheld; but I attach little importance to such matters. I agree with Dr. Goulburn, Dean of Norwich, that place, poutiau., or vestment of minister cannot really affect eucharislic doctrine. Compliance, then, with the law as defined is a Christian duty. Iv the present instance it involves no sacrifioe of truth. The Rubric before it was judi aally in terpreted was manifestly doubtful and obscure, anil therefore taught nothing clearly. 'Objections to the Judicial Committee. — Oljxtion is sometimes vehemently made to the remarks ar reasonings introductory of the judg lntnt recommended to Hsr Majesty. It should be remembered that such remarks or ex pressions form tio part of it. They may be olfensive, but bind no one te accept them. They form no portion of the law of the Church. " There is, however, a Joctrinal view of the Eucharist underlying these minute points of Ritualism which even the Archdeacon of Taunton himself has condemned as ' being an undue approximation to Borne. 9 It is the local and material presence of the glori fied Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiation and Consubstantiation are both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of our Church. Yet spiritually to 'feed on Him by faith with thanks giving, 1 and that by means of tbe conse crated bread and wine, which are ' effectuous' to the faithful recipient, so that' he dwells in Christ and Christ in him; 1 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him;' this is plainly taught in the Communion Office. Here is a presence spiritual and heavenly, not local and material, but of omnipresent Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither the place inhere the officia ting master stands or kneels, nor the position in which he celebrates, nor the vestment he wears. "General Results.—lt may be well, then, here to summarise the judicial results of that Ritual agitation which has gone on during the last few years, and the changes, both in the external and internal condition, of the Church of England which have taken place. Many of us are scarcely aware of the alterations, and few of other bodies of Christians care to be apprised of them. The Colonial branohes, then, of that Church are formally declared to be tmesta blished. The Irish Church has been disesta blished. Tithes have been long since commuted for a money payment. Church rates have ceased as regards Nonconformists. "With regard to the Liturgy, its yarisus services may be used separately. Objections to length of them and repetition in them are thus obviated. A new and improved table of Lessons has been pre pared. A revision of the Authorised Version Is set on foot; Eucharistic Ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. The damnatory clauses of the so-called Creed of Athanasius have been advisedly restricted to denial of the Catholic or Chris tian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hym nology introduced, parent? are admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, in sufficient endowments augmen'ed, stipends of curates supplemented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of candidates for holy orders required, parochial schools multiplied, and the pupils instructed in defi nite religious truth, as well as secular learning. "So many reforms gradually and almost silently brought about are not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. The scruples of many good men have thus been re lieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect in the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine, will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to the removal of whatever can be proved to be contrary to Scripture or primitive usage. What else need be taken away ? " For the sake of the truth of the Gospel, for the possibility of ultimate intercommunion of the Churches now separated, from, each «ther, our Church, nevertheless, most not abandon her historic foundation as a scion of the Catholic and Apostolic Churoh. To restore it to that primitive character was the object of our Reformers ; and now she is a beacon light to many minds in Fpain and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to be members of the Catiolio and Apostolic Churoh. A Church, then, like our own, resting its claim to authority in matters of faith on Scripture, interpreted, not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of universal anti quity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy such a want. "It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Church both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment tbe absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But let it be remembered that the strongest ex ternal evidence for the genuineness of the Scriptures is weakened in proportion as the cor porate existence of the Primitive and Apo?tolio Church is made light of. "Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable as are its inoohesive partioles, becomes a solid foundation when bound together by enclosing walls." AFTERNOON SITTING. Shortly after 3 o'clock the members of Synod mot at the Church Office. After prayer by Bis Lordship the Bishop, the business was proceeded with. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The following report of the Election Com mittee was read:—"The Committee place on the table the Synodal roll as correct. They have carefully examined the title deeds of the fol lowing Churches, which have sent in memorials and certificates of ve?try meetings, in accordance with Fundamental Provisions No. 14 and ■ schedule C, and recommend that they be ad mitted into union with Synod—All Faints', Moonta; St. John's, Macdesneld; St. Mary's, Echunga; Holy Trinity, Riverton. They wish to draw the attention of the Chairman of Vestries to the necessity of more carefully filling-in the certificates returning Synodsmen, and also of transmitting suoh returns within seven days of vestry meeting. Some of the re turns were not made in the form required by Synod. Union with the Synod.—Application for union should be sent on to the Election Committee, through the Secretary of Synod, before the first day of February in each year, so that all needful stepa may be taken before the Easter Ve?try meeting." On the motion of Mi. Colley, the Churches of AU Saints', Moonta; St John's, Macoles field ; St. Mary's, Echunga; and Holy Trinity, Riverton; were admitted into union with Synod, and the representatives of those Churches received as members of Synod. SECRETARIES OF STOOD. The Bishop announced that the Rev. S. Green and Mr. C. B. Young had consented to act as Secretaries of Synod, and the Rev. H. Head as official reporter. THE BOLL. The members of Synod then signed the roll, new members signing also the Synodal compact. The following ia the roll :— Holy Trinity, Adelaide.—Bey. Richardson Beid, Key. W. W. Ewbank sad Mesars. Win. Gosse and H. D. Holmes. Chrisichurch, North Adelaide.—Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, and Messrs. J. Bath, J. S. Belltiouse, A. Cooper, and H. Y. Sparks. St. Luke's, Adelaide.—Rev. H. H. Pollitt and Messrs. J. Williams, J. K. Hawthorne, G. Colyer, and W. Shakespeare. St. Paul's Adelaide.—The Very Rev. the Dean, and Messrs. W. J. Fullarton, G. M. Turnbull, J. Morgan, and F. G. Smith. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide.—Rev. P. Green, and Messrs. H. Duncan and A. J. Edmunds. I St. John's, Adelaide.—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbet son, and Messrs. J. Pritchard, T. H. Viney, J. Lvle. and J. E. Clinch. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood.—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbctson, and Mr. W. S. Moore. All Saints', Hindmarsh.—Bev. H. M. Pollitt, and Mr. G. H. Catchlove. St. Margaret's, Woodville.—Bev. H. M. Pollitt St. Andrew's, Walkerville. — Bey. Canon Dove, and Mr. C. B. Young. St Matthew's, Kensington.—Messrs. E. W. Meredith, and J. HowelL. St. George's, Woodforde.—Bev. T. B. Ne ville. St. Michael's. Mitcham.—Rev. Henry Bead, and Mr. N. Oldham. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond.—Bey. W. H. Mudie, and Messrs. J. H. Wiles, and W. Pound. St. Mary's, South-road.—Bey. A. Honner, and Mr. E. Thomber. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill.—Bey. A. Honner, and Mr. Frederic Wicksteed. St Peter's, Glenelg.—Bev. W. F. Marshall, and Messrs. B. B. Colley, and N. Blyth. St. Stephen's, Waitings.—Rev. B. K. Miller. St Philip's and St James's, Noarlunga,—Bev. E. K. Miller and Mr. J. Mudge. St James's, Blatdston.—Kev. H. J. Poole and Mr. B. Gray. Christchurch, Mount Barker.—Bey. H. J. Poole. I St Thomas's, Balhannah.—Eev. H, J. Poole and Mr. Thos. Pugh. St. George's, Gawler.—Bev. Canon Coombs and Messrs. W. H. Lewis and T. O. Jones. Chiistchurch, Kapunda.—Kev. T. J. Smyth and Messrs. J. Dixon and J. White. St. Mary's, Kooringa,—Mr. G. McDermolt and J. Winnall. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—Bey. E. T. HoweU. St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Key. W. A. Olayfield and Mr. H. Hodgson. St Peter's, Kobe.—Messrs. J. A. Fergusson and H. H. Thomas. Christchurch, Gambierton. —Mr. H. K. Hughes. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln.—Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and N. Blyth. Christchurch, Yankalilla.- Bey. C. W. Morse and Mr. F. Halcomb. All Saints', Moonta.— Rev. J. L. Smith. St Joan's, Maoalesfield.—Rev. C. G. Taplin. St. Mary's, Echnnga.—Bev. O. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Kiverton. —Rev. J. Houghton. St. John's, Auburn. —Bey. C. W. Hawkins. St. John's Salisbury.—Key. W. Scott Holy Trinity, Lyndoch.—Rev. R. B. Webb. St. Peter's Collegiate School.—Revs. Canon Farr and F. Williams. BEFOBT ON IHE DIOCESK. The Bishop then read the following report on the diocese:— " I congratulate my lay and rev. brethren that at no time previously since I have admi nistered its affjirs has there prevailed so much of peace and unios among the Churches, so frequent interchanges of ministerial service; and never at any time a more diligent performance of their sacred duties by the clergy. " Clergy Absent on Leave. —111-health, and absence on leave have indeed inconveniently shortened the supply of ordained clergy; but I must bear witness that the greatest readiness has been shown by incumbents to supply occa sional services in time of need and the ordi nances of the Church where lay readers have called on them for help. Auburn, St Luke's, St John's, St Bartholomew's, and Glenelg, have thus been supplied during the temporary absence of their incumbents. " Missionary Work.—ln addition to my own extensive tours in various portions of the diocese during the last 12 months, including Port Augusta, Port Lincoln, Port Elliot, and the South-Eastern District from Robe Town to Narracoorte and MacDonnell Bay, special re ports will be given you of the mission journeys of the Bey. G. Dove to the districts north oi Broughton, and the Bey. C. Morse to Kangaroo Island. An extension of pastoral labor of this kind is especially needed. "New Churches.—At the Meadows, Glen burn, and Strathalbyn new ohurches have been completed. At Wallaroo an addition made, doubling its capacity, and other ohurches and Bchools are designed. "Endowment—The depressed state of the colony during 1870 has I fear lessened the incomes of some of the rural clergy ministering to those who live by the produce of the soil. It is to be heped that from the abundance of the present season some first fruits may benefit tho?e who wait at the altar. This leads me to remark that rural churches will never secure a settled ministry so long as the clergyman's very moderate stipend is precarious, and depends solely on the fruitfulnees ef the season or the fluctuations of trade. ' The laborer is worthy of his hire,' and he who cannot get it in one place will naturally try another. But endow, ment to the amount of £50 per annum would add to the comfort, and 'so to the permanency of the ministry. It should be remembered thai here no incumbent can be forced on a reluctant congregation. " Widow and Orphan Fund.—ln like mannei the Widow and Orphan Fund needs augment*, tion in its Guarantee Reserve, It is desirable that a subscription list, running over three oi five years for this purpose, which the At tomeys of the Society for the Propagation of tht Gospel are prepared to subsidise to the extent of pound for pound up to 50 per cent ii each year, should be opened. " Offertory.—While on the subject of clerical incomes it may be right to consider how far a system of uniform pew-rents may exercise an iajurious effect in excluding some classes from our churches. A like proportion of payment from rich and poor towards the minister's support ii not reasonable. The offertory Indeed supplier to the former a ready means of special liberality in that respect and would obviate the objec tion. The Home Mission Fnnd of the Synod might gradually be augmented through the same channel. Sittings, indeed, must be as signed to families attending the services, bat it is not necessary or wise to make the sub scription to the minister's snpport by all classes turn upon the number of sittings they occupy. All are interested in this matter, because an ill-paid clergy will be, in the long run, an ill educated clergy; comparatively, therefore, of smaller influence, though pious and diligent "Theological Students. —It has been mj endeavor to offer facilities in connection with the Collegiate School of St Peter's to Theo logical students, so that the Clergy ordained in this colony may ge forth to the work of the ministry better furnished with the intelligent knowledge of Scripture and Theology as well as the history of the Christian Church and the English Reformation. lam happy to report that four young men of good promise are now pursuing their studies there, for whom I hope to provide more systematic instruction when the calls on the time of myself and the Chaptei become less urgent "Church Schools.—The subject of national education has been so fully discussed of late that I need not dwell on it farther than to say that the British House of Commons decided by nearly two-thirds of its membera that national education should be religious and not secular. Following in the spirit of that resolution, the Metropolitan Board of London has deoided that in rate-supported schools the Word of God shall be read, and explained in itt plain grammatical meaning by the Teachers, apart from special dogmatic formularies. In ether parochial or danorainational schools payment by results, together with non-interference in the religions instruction imparted under a conscience clause, is the wise and liberal end of controversy upon the subject It is hoped that the experience of pure secular edncation in America may prove a warning to other Legislatures. In buildings raised and maintained by the liberality of indi viduals, it is also hoped that a solutioa to the difficulty of admitting the religious element may be got over by the institution of voluntary classes for religious instruction, before or after tha hours when the national school is being carried on. The Trustees or Managers of tbe particular school would determine the nature of the religious instruction imparted. The na tional system might then less injuriously be secular ; as the better-disposed children and the more careful parents would take pains to avail themselves of the religions teaching thus offered. Of course attendance would be purely voluntary, not compulsory. After all, the old parish school, in which the Bible is read and the children catechised by their pastor, who in the course of his incumbency will probably have united in marriage the parents, baptised the 1 children, prepared them for confirmation, and led the worship Sabbath after Sabbath, affords the best hope of training the young in the nur ture and admonition of the Lord. The result of instituting such schools during the year 1870 has been that above I*ooo children were thus brought under the tuition of their clergy in Church schools. And it is no disparage ment to the useful body of school masters and mistresses to say that the association of the children of a parish with the clergyman and his wife in the daily course of their education would tend greatly to improve their behavior, call forth their natural intelligence, as well as, it is hoped, discipline them more by religions principle than secondary punishments. I strongly, therefore, recommend and urge the clergy to use their best endeavors to establish and take a share in teaching primary schools, which with, their help can be well taught and managed by educated women. "Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.— One other question affecting the relation of our clergy to the State must be mentioned. For years past strenuous efforts have been made to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Whatever opinion the clergy or others may hold as to such marriages being allowable or not by the Word of God, it is obvious that one law mutt pervade the whole British Empire. _OntU, therefore, the law is changed in England, it is improbable that it will be changed in tbis colony. The marriage is null and void. No clergyman of our Church, therefore, can be a party to such marriage. ... "The question, however, may arise, ahonld the civil law be changed, while the law of the Church specified in the Table of Degrees in the Prayer-book continues unaltered, whether the ' Lex loci' supersedes the obligation taken by the clergy at their ordination, and recognised in the Synodal compact Such marriages will, it may be hoped, be few, and ne clergyman can be compelled to solemnise them. Inforo conscientia; Ido not think he ought. Nor would any hard ship result, as a civil marriage might etill be contracted, and hold good in law. " It remains to add that the Synod has been ! incorporated under the local Act of Incorpora tion, and that the expenses of this, I believe, useful proceeding, have been defrayed by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel." CHUHCH FUBNITOBE. The Yon. Archdeacon Mabbyat read theM -1 lowing report on the furuiturc of the various churches: — "May 16,187 L "My Lord—l beg to hand in a return re specting the churches, parsonages, gchool houaea, glebes, and furniture of the churches iv the diocese. "Returns have been sent in respecting 57 churches. The total number is 64 ; a few more may be expected, the delay in making these returns having arisen in some cases from acci dental circumstances. In the accompanying table, which contains a digest of the returns, I have marked those churches which are conse crated, and the parishes which possess par sonages, schools, burial-grounds, and glebes. " I may mention that in many cases there is a doubt existing as to the consecration of the Church and burial-grounds. Fossibly the re turns on this subject may be made more com plete by reference to the Diocesan Register, the present incumbents not having the means of ob taining the necessary information. " The very great majority of the Churches are well provided with reading-desks or lecterns, tablelinen, and plate necessary for the a^minii tration of the Lord's Supper, books, registers, and musical instruments. No less than 26 have no fonts, and many of the existing fonts are very small and insufficient for the immersion of an infant if desired. In 17 no surplices have been provided by the Wardens. "Very few churches, parsonages, or schools are insured. A difference of opinion may exist as to the necessity of insuring churches and schools, as the risk is very small of their catch ing fire; but this could not be said of the par sonages. This point, however, will bo brongbt before the attention of Synod in the report on the duties of Churchwarden.—l-have, *c, "C. Mabryat, Archdeacon of Adelaide." DATS ADD HOURS OF MEETING. The days and hours of meeting of Synod were axed the same as last year, viz., Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays (except next Thursday), at 3 o'clock, the meeting on Wednesday, May 17, to be at 2 o'clock. EEPOET OP STANDING COMMITTEE. The SBOKtTASTf (Mr. F. Wicksteed) read tbe following report of the Standing Committee :-^~"" " The Standing Committee desira to submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and upon thoie which hwe otherwise ocenpied their attention during the past year: "Incorporation of Synod.—Thin object has been accomplished, and the Committee would draw attention to the safe and satisfactory mode now existing for the investment of Church property of every kind, and in all parts of the colony, by the simple conveyance of the same to ' The Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, incorporated,' which is now duly registered. Declarations of Trust would be given in the case of Churches as nearly as may be in accordance with the provisions of the Model Trust Deed. They have to record that by the liberality of the Hon. John Bentham Nealfs, M.L.C., the Synod has been put in pos session of a piece of land at Glenelg, such pos session being deemed necessary to facilitate the incorporation. " Validity of Marriages.—ln compliance with resolution of Synod, May 27,1870 (see minuter 127, vol. 3), the Lord Bishop wrote to the Chief Secretary to urge upon the Government to take necessary steps to remove all doubts that had arisen as to the validity of marriages celebrated by this and other churches. lure ply, the Chief Secretary wrote to say, that 'The Government having given the matter their careful consideration, were of opinion that it was unnecessary to take legislative action, unless doubts which appeared to be quieted should again be raised and upheld, more especially as any Act such as that contemplated by Synod must necessarily have an ex post facto operation.' "St. Asaph Fund. —Yonr Committee have again to record the liberal gift of £100 from the Sight Bey. Bishop Short, late of St. Asaph, notwithstanding His Lordship's retirement from, the See and all its emoluments ; and have to state that this has enabled them to complete the payment of all the endowments in Schedule C advano:d by the Attorneys of the S.P.G., ex cept £38 las., due as part of the endowment of St. Paul's, Adelaide. "Petitions to Parliament. —In compliance with resolution of Synod (mm. 114, May 25, 1870), petitions to Parliament, urging that in any future ordinances religious instructien should neither be enforced nor prevented in schools receiving State ail, have been presented —the petition to Hie Legislative Council, on the 6th October, 1870, by the Hon. William Morgan; that to the House of Assembly, on the 9th September, 1870, by E X Hughes, Esq. '•.Report on Parsonage Houses.—Tour Com mittee would lecommend—' lot. That it be ths duty of the Churchwardens in. every parish possessing a parsonage house to insure the same, and Bee that it be kept in repair, and that for this purpose they should have the power of in spection from time to time. 2nd. That the Vestries authorise the Churchwardens to deduct a certain amount from the weekly offertory to form a fund to meet the necessary expenditure in ordinary repairs. 3rd. That all extraordi nary repairs which may be required be ie ported to the Vestry, to deal with as they think best.' " Synodal Expenses.—They are happy to re port that the amount received during the past year has been within a few shillings equal to the expenditure, except so far as regards ths expenses of Incorpora'ion, which have been generously promised by the Attorneys S.P.G. All the churches in which regular services have been conducted have paid the amounts at which they were rated, with the exception of Hamil ton, Brighton, Echunga, and Penwortham. The Committee recommend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the addition to Class No. 1 (£1) of the new churches at Mea dows, Strathalbyn, andGlenburn. " Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund. —They are happy to be able to refer to the Quinquen nial Report with" satisfaction, and would par ticularly call attention to the proposal to raise the Guarantee Fund from £L,l2tJ 4s. 6i, at which it now stands, to £2,000. " General Church Fund and Home Mission.— They are happy to announce an improvement in ths amount of tbe collections in aid of this Fund over that of last year, althongh it has fallen far short of that of the previous year. The amounts have been—lB6B-9, £170; 1869-70, £119; 1870-1, £148. Notwithstanding this im provement, the Committee have only been able to make grants-in-aid of clerical incomes to the extent of 62A per cent, of the full scale. The plan of placing in the plate on the first Sunday in the month an additional amount (generally Is.), wrapped in paper to distinguish it for special application to this Fund, has been, they believe, successful in the churches in which the experiment has been tried, the College Chapel and Christchurch amongst others. "Mission to the Heathen. —Tha sum col lected in aid'of this Mission is on the whole satisfactory, and this is due chiefly to the in terest taken in the Melanesian Mission ; it does not, however, equal the collection* in 1869./ The amounts received were, respectively— 1868-9, £126; 1869-70, £90; 1870-7 L £117. Special reports of the only missions which have been aided by this fund are published herewith. Melanesian Mission, appendix —; Laeepede Bay Mission, appendix —. " Endowment of Churches.—The Church of Holy Trinity, Biverton, has been endowed in the full amount of £500, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, in an additional £100, making up the sum of £500. The Committee are still open to receive applications for emdowment and extension of endowment. "It will be seen from the following memo randum that exceptional advantages are offered for the next six months:—Resolution passed at Board meeting of the Church of England Endowment Society on May 10, 1871.— 'Be golved, that an offer, to be open for six months only, be made through the Synod to the dif ferent country and suburban Churches of the diocese not yet endowed to the full extent ef £50 per annum, to the following effect, viz.—That fhis Society will be willing to give £300 to meet the S.P.G. Attorneys' grant of £50 and the parishes' amount of £153, so as to make up the endowment to £500; and also Churches already partially endowed shall be aided in like manner. The above terms of assistance to be gives to the extent of the ex penditure of £1,400, now estir&ated; as available income.' "Schedule C. —They recommend that the following Churches, which have received aid in the amounts and for the terms stated below, be placed in schedule C after June 30,"1872:—5t. George's, Woodforde, 11 yeirs, £196 sa. 7d. ] St. M.ry's, South-road, 12 years, £195 9s. 2d.; St. Stephen's, Willunga, 9 year*, £L 76175. Id.; St. Margaret's, Woodville, 11 years, £368 9s. lid.; St Andrew's, Walkerville, 11 years, £257 165.; St. Michael's, Mitcham, C years, £98 4s. Id. These Churches received notice of the intention of the Committee to recommend this st«p in September last, and none have shown cause for exemption except St. Mary's, South-road, and the consideration of this Church they hereby refer to Synod. "Schedule A. —The following churches have been added to this Schedule during the year :— Holy Evangelists', Goolwa ; St. Augustine's, Port Victor; St. James's, Glenburn. "Parochial Boundaries.—The Attorneys of the S.P.G. have purchased maps ef all the hun dreds in the province on a large scale, the use of which they have allowed the Synod; so that as it from time to time becomes necessary to de fine parishes the labor will be considered alle viated. The special question of the bounda ries ef the Parochial District of Mitcham his been referred to n Committee to act with the Lord Bishop, and they have not as yet re ported. "■Statistical Returns. —Yonr Cemmitee are glad to be able to report a very marked im provement in this matter. On the 9th May only three Churches had failed to send in their returns, and fur two of these reasonable excuses have been assigned. " Certificates of Election of Synodsmen.— The duty of Chairman of Vestries in this matte has been very inadequately performed, but at this comes more especially under the super vision of the Election Committee, it will pro bably be commented upon in their report. " Union with Synod.—This subject also be longs more especially to the Election Com mittee. " The Table of Collection*, &c;—A referenot to the table will make it apparent that sonu Churches have omitted altogether to contribute, and some others might well increase theii efforts. " Beports of Select Committees.—With re gard to the reports of Select Committees ap pointed by last Synod they have to report af follows:—Duties of Churchwardens. The Select Committee have sent in a report, which this Committee have ordered to be printed. Extra-Parochial Districts. —The Lord Bishop to report. Abolition, of Pew Bents.—The Com mittee have made little progress, having been awaiting the arrival of Returns from England, which have lately come to hand. They recom mend the appointment of another Committee. Church Schools.—See report. Religions In strnotion in Schools. —A meeting having been convened by the Lord Bishop, at whioh the Bey. Messrs. W«ning, Lyall, and Binks at tended, it was found after friendly discussion that no joist action was likely to be agreed on with reference to religious instruction in State aided schools, definite systematic teaching, Bible reading simply, and secular instruction exclusively being advocated respectively by the different individuals assembled. Poonjndie In stitute. —A report, which this Committee think will be the subject of great interest, will be found in another place." STANDING COIOdTTKB. The following return of attendance of mem bers of the Standing Commiltto was read :— The Bishop 8 times. Archdeacon Marryat 10, Revs. Henry Bead 10, S. Green 9, Oonon Dove 8, the Dean 5, Canon Farr 5, Rev. B. Beid 2, Dr. Duncan 11, Messrs. F. Wicksteed 11, N. Blyth 8, S. Toms, 8, L. W. Thrupp 7. R. B. Oolley 6, N. Oldhatn 6, J. Bath 5, J. Winnall 5, 0. B. Yonng 3, G. W. Hawkes 1, W. W. Blyth 0, W. J. Fullarton 0, G. M. TurnbullO. ELECTION OF OFFIOERS, Mr. F. Wicksteed was appointed Secretary for the ensuing year; Messrs. G. M. Turabull and H. Dutton, Treasurers; and Messrs. R. B. Colley and A. Spence, Auditors ; and the fol lowing clergymen and laymen were elected members of the Standing Committee, viz.:— Olery—Ten. Arehdeacen Marryat, the Very Bey. the Dean, the Bey. H. Bead, Bey. S. Green, Bey. Canon Dove, Bey. D. J. H. Ibbet son, and Bey. Canoa Farr. Laymen—Dr. Gosse, Messrs. J. Bath, F. G. Smith, G. M. TnrnbulL H. Duncan, C. B. Young, L. W. Thrupp, N. Oldham, F. Wioksteed, H. B. CoUey, N. Blyth, M. MaoDermott, J. A. Fergusson, and the Hon. A. Blyth. OHUBOH MISSIONS TO THE ABOKTGINES. His Lordship said he held in his hand a re turn of the inmates of Poonindie Institution, on Ist April, 1871. They numbered 65, and they maintained themselves, the Institution be ing self-supporting. About 200 acres of land were under cultivation, and 20,009 sheep were under the management of the natives. The in mates ranged from infants up to adults of 35 ▼ears of age, and 23 adults were present at the last celebration of the Holy Communion. He remarked also that there were several married couples in the Institution, with children born there. He also referred to the Lacepede Mis sion, commenting npon the care which Miss Armstrong, the Matron, exercised, and the ad ditional work which was likely to be effected by the monthly missionary visits of the Bey. Henry Howitt, whose rural Mission this now was. He very heartily commended this Lace pede Bay Mission to Synod. The following report on the mission to the heathen aborigines was laid on the table: — "The school at Lacepede Bay has been fairly attended during the past year. Miss Armstrong reports the present numbers to be five boys and five girls. Four boys, who were for some time inmates of the school, are now shepherding on the Coorong. Two girls have died. The girls have been very regular in their attendance; the boys less so, being frequently taken away for a time by their parents. The Bey. EL Howitt, Incumbent of St. Peter's, Kobe, has visited the school, and reports very favorably on the management, not only on the evident progress of the children, but also for their general appearance and beha viour. The following is an extract from his .report:—'l examined the copy- books, heard them lead, spell, and sing, &c;, and asked them several questions on the life of our Lord, and was very, much pleased with the result. The discipline appears to be very good. I cannot bat express a hope that somethug will be done to prevent the closing of the schooL It is evident enough, even en a very slight inspection, that real good is being done; and even thoiijh some of them may re turn to their wild state, yet the good influences of the school will surely remain with them to a. considerable extent, and tend to make them infinitely better than if they had always been left to their own devices.' The institution has cost during the year the sum of £142 4*. 3d. The receipts during the same period,' £148 13s. 6d., leaving in the hands of the Treasurer a balance of £6 9s. 3d. Expenditure, £142 Ba. j. less due last year, £59 9s. Total cost of year, if there are no liabilities, £82 19s. The build ing, which is of wood, is in a very bad state of repair, and extra funds are much required to put it into proper order. It is much to he regretted, this being the only Church of lfingl«ii3 Native Mission not self-supporting, that more asiisancehas not been given by the various Churohes<\- only 18 having contributed towards it during the past year." MELANESIA!* MISSION. The following report on this subject was laid on the table:—" Your Committee hav6 to re port to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the result of their labors duiiug tbe year ending March 3L, 1871:—The amount remitted to Auckland for the auseion from this diocese during the past, twelve months was only £200. A remit tance has since been made of £60. The collec tions, as shown by the Treasurer's statement for the past year (appended hereto), amount only to £190 4s. 7d., showing a considerable faUing-off as compared with previous years. Some few meetings in aid of tha mission have been held in country parishes, but with the ex ception of Christchurch, North Adelaide, and St. Paul's, South Adelaide, no special efforts have been made iv Adelaide. One of the town churches has not contributed. It i* propoied to reorganise the Committee, and to hold la meeting in South Adelaide with a view of making vigorous efforts to help the Mission, whioh needs pecuniary aid and de serves our warmest support and confidence. The following extracts from the report of tbe Slelanesian Mission, published in Auckland for the year 1870, will be read with interest by the subscribers and other churchmen of South Australia:—'The number of scholars almost exoeeds our means of training them, especially during the four winter months. Eighty Melanesians were at Norfolk Island, in charge of two missionaries. At suoh times the scholars are especially on their good behavior, and the influence of the old lads and young men over the younger ones is fairly tested. The general health of the party has been-good. Twenty- two have been baptised, among them nine girls. Eight have been confirmed; two were girls. Our little church is already too much crowded. The Bpv. George Sarawia (native clergyman) has thirty lads athis school at Mots. He leads a good consistent life, and is greatly respected by his people. The daily life of all the old scholars at Mota, the morning and evening prayers and hymns, at Ara, and their conversation with relatives and friends, wherever they may be, are producing good effects. All our old scholars, whom we wished to bring back after three or four months' sojourn with their people, are with us. They were all, thank God, preserved from falling into evil. There it no instance of any scholar ditgradng hit Ghrittian prefetsioru" The Bey. O. H. Brook is chiefly engaged.at the Florida and Solomon Group of Islands." He succeeded in establishing the independence of individual chiefs, and went from on? end of the island to the other. There v a large population. He opened a school, and gave reading-sheets to old scholars, who tamght the little ones in their respective villages. Nine boys chosen by him were forwarded to Norfolk Island, in addition to seven previously sent. The Bey. J. Atkin visited a large number of islands in the Southern Uross (nowmadeBeaworthy)andstayedsemetune at Wano Arosi(San Oristoal), Agi, and Mahvnta, The Missionary staff consists of the Bishop, and six English, and one native clergymen, and 17 native teachers. The expenditure for the year ending 31st December, 1870, was for—Build ings, farm, clothing, provisions, stipends, and wages, £1,323 2s. lOd.; the Southern Cross re pairs, stores, wages, &c;, £2,267 2a. lid. Total, £3,590 sa. 9d. The receipts—A thank offering, £800; S.P.G., £325; subscriptions froto.Aus tralasian colonies and New Zealand, £1,539 7a. Ud.; from trust, loans, Norfolk Island, and St. Augustine's, donations and remittances from Herriss & Co., &c.;,"£830 3s. 6d. ; balance, £95 14s. 4d. Total, £3,590 ss. 94 The Committee feel assured that all friends of missions to the heathen will rejoice to hear that Bishop Patteson's health is im proved ; although not so strong as he was, he is able to. engage in the onerous duties of his sacred calling. In conclusion, the Committee would urge upon their fellow churchmen in South Australia to help the good work of evan gelising the heathen in the great Pacific. It is a great advantage to have one at the head of the Mission who posesses the confidence of all who come within the reach of his influence. The Committee appeal to the clergy and laity of this diocese for earnest hearty co-operation with them. May the blessing of our Heavenly Father crown the efforts of all who are en gaged, in humble reliance on His help, in the work of making known His Blessed Son to tho?e who as yet know him not." ELECTION COMMITTEE. The Yen. Archdeacon Marryat and the Bey. Henry Beed and Messrs. R. «. Colley, L. W. Thrupp, and N. Blyth, were appointed the Election Committee for the ensuing year. DEATH OF MB. JOHN WINNAii. His Lordship the Bishop reported to Synod the unexpected death tbat day of Mr. John Winnall, a very excellent man, and a member of Synod. The Standing Orders having been suspended, the Yen. archdeacon Mabrtat moved— "Tbat this Synod desires to express its heartfelt sympathy in her sudden bereavement witb the widow of the late John Winnall, who was for many years a member of Synod." He said many of them must have lieen shocked to hear His Lordship's announcement of the death of Mr. Winnall. Mr. Winnal 1 was one of those consistent, quiet, retiring Chris tians—at the same time earnest, active, and liberal—of whom it was the pride of the Church of England to produce so many He was a most active member of Synod, and also of Christ church, North Adelaide, and his removal would be felt by each. The Very Rev. Dean Hossell desired especially to be allowed to second the motion, because he had been brought into close intercourse with Mr. WiunalL It was quite 14 years ago since he was associated with him in carrying on work at the Church of St. Bartho lomew, Norwood, and he remembered the way in which he worked for that Church. He ac tually carried out on his own shoulders the first lectern used there, so «ager was he that service should be carried on there. He had known him since that time in various relations. At the time the Lancashire Belief Fund was or ganised he received a letter stating that the writer would send him £1 a week as long as the operations of the Committee were carried on. He had no idea who his correspon dent was until some time afterwards, when he ascertained it was Mr. Winnall. He had known the singularly bumble and self distrustful spirit in which he had gone about doing good works. He was a generous, liberal master, an excellent husband and friend, and a most kind- hearted and affectionate man. He deeply regretted he had been removed from them, as he was one of those men whom they looked npon as the salt of the Church. He wished to express his deep sympathy with his excellent widow. Mr. G. W. HAWKEB, Mr. M. MacDjsbhott, the Rev. D. J. H. IBBKTSON, Mr. J. S. Bellhodse. and the Bishop also bore testimony to the Christian virtues of Mr. Win nall, and the loss which the Church had sus tained by his removal, and. expressed tbe sincerest sympathy with the widow and family. The motion was carried unanimously. VOTES OF THANES. Mr. H. K. Hughes moved—" That the thanks of Synod are dne to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, which, with the statistical returns, be printed in the report." Mr. M. MacDebmott seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. B. B. Collet moved, and the Bey. E. K. Miller seconded—" That the thanks of Synod be given to tbe Attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P.A, Fund, the Committees of the Melanesian Mission, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Theological and Ecclesiastical Library, and the Trustees of the Poonindie In stitute, for their report and statistical returns, and that they be received and printed in the report" Carried. BEPOBT AND BALANCE-SHEET. The report of the Standing Committee was received, and ordered to be printed, and the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod was received, adopted, and ordered to be printed. ASSESSMENT FOB SYNODAL EXPANSES. Mr. K. B. Collet moved, and Mr. N. Bltth seconded—"That the assessment for Synodal expenses be the same as last year, with the-ad ditionof Churches to class 1 of St. George's, Meadows; Christchnroh, Strathalbyn; and St. James's, Glenbnrn, £1 each." Carried. SCHEDULE O. Mr. N. Bltth moved—"That St. George's, Woodforde; St. Mary's, South-road; St. Stephen's, Willunga; St. Margaret's, Wood ville; St. Andrew's Walkerville; and -St. Michael's, Mitcham, be placed in Schedule -C, in compliance with the recommendation of the Standing Committee.'' He explained that the object of this was to say to these Churches, " You have been assisted by Synod long enough; you have been receiving aid from year to year; now we must withdraw that aid to assist other new and struggling Churches -which axe spring ing up." A discussion ensued on the question of these Churches being deprived of the aid which they had . hitherto received, anl' also with respect to the subject of the endowment of Ohnrohes. Ultimately the Churches men tioned in the resolution were put to the vote seriatim,, and tbe motion was passed un amended. . CLSBGr WIDOW AND ORPHAN FOND. .: The Synod went into Committee to consider the recommendation in the quinquennial return of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, The fallowing were the recommendations made, and they were, without material alteration, adopted:—"The Committee have referred all the accounts to an actuary (Mr. John Brown), and he reports:—'The present state of the funds authorises a continuation of the annuities at £30 per anrnim, after putting aside a sum of £34 per annum to. meet current expenses.' The actuary's report is founded on a calculation of interest on investments at 5 per cent, per annum. The . Committee recommend the adoption of the actuary's report; they also re commend a payment of £30 per annum to the Secretary, and a sum not exceeding £5 ss. per «nnum to the Auditors. In doing so they beg to tender their thanks to Mr. Wicketeed, who has" acted as Secretary for five years without remuneration, and to those, gentlemen who-have acted as Audi tors and Investment Committee.during that period. The' Committee, recommend tbat every exertion should be made to raise tbe gua rantee fund to £2,000 (now £1,126 4s. 6&) The ; Committee recommend, thit the forfeiture olause. No. 3, be amended by altering 'two years' payments are in arrear' to' ' one year's paymeuts are in arrear.' The Committee regret tbat not all the Clergy in the Diocese are subscribers to the fund, and recommend that His Lordship the Bishop be requested to use his influence to induce all clergymen enter ing the diocese to become subscribers to the fund, especially as under clause 9 any subscriber removing from the diocese can receive back half ' the amount he has paid. The Committee' re commend that the Secretaries of Synod and Endowment of Churches Fund be authorised, with the sanction of the Standing Committee, to stop any funds passing through their hinds to pay any premium that may be due. The Com mittee recommend that the term of leave of absence to clergymen from the colony be re stricted, as far as this fund is concerned, to 18 months ; except under special circumstances, to be determined by the Standing Committee." BBPOBT OF SYNOD. Mr. C. B. Young moved—" That the Very Bey. the Dean, Rev. S. Green, Mr. Colley. Mr. Neville Blyih, and Mr. Wiclrsteed, be a Com mittee to edit and publish the Report of Synod, and that it be an instruction to them to incur as liftle expense as possible." Carried. FABSONAGE HOUSES. The recommendation of the Parsonage Houses Committee, as contained in the Stand ing Committee's Report, were adopted on the motion of Mr. Colley. DESIGNATION OF CHORISTEBS AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. ' The Bey. Canon Fare said a form of service having, as appears from advertisement in the public prints, been used in St. Church, Adelaide, for the admission of .persons to be j members of the Choir, he would ask the Bishop —" whether such service was previously made : known to him." The Bishop—l had no notice of it further than what I saw in the pipers. : ( The Bey. Canon Fabb would then call the attention of Synod to this irregularity, and move—"That, in the opinion of this Synod, no Liturgical services should be used in any church (unless by leave or direction of the Ordinary), other than those which are contained wholly in the Player Boole, or which may be taken from or consist of the very words of Holy Scripture." If the Bishop's asswer had been that the service had been made known to the Bishop, and approved of by him, his resolution would have fallen to the ground. He wished it to be understood distinctly that in what he was doing he had no intention whatever, further than was necessary, to advert to the form of service, or to raise an objection to it as a service. His ob jection to it was because it was a public service oonducted in a church, of which service notice had not been given to the Bishop; and, there fore, it had not the eviction of the Ordinary. In fact it was an irregularity, and it was ths high character which the Dean bore which made it difficult to pass over an irregularity which he had committed, and take notice of it when it was committed hy a younger and more inexperienced clergyman. In rising to speak on this subject he had a certain apprehension that he should suffer a little in the reply. -(Laughter.) Be' that as it might, he thought the faot of the friendly intercourse which be bad had with, the Scan would serve to do away, with any idea that he brought this matter forward with a hostile intention. He was acting in this matter simply with the impres sion that this was the letting In of the little drop of water which would find its way into a great stream by-and-by. (Cheers.) The question of this service being an irregu larity hardly needed proof. At the solemn hour of their ordination they took vows to use the forms in the Book of Common Prayer and none other, and their several Trust Deeds con tained a similar provision. No doubt a dis cretion was necessary, and that discretion was given to the Ordinary. Had the D?an obtained the Bishop's leave his objections would have been removed at once. His objection was that others' Blight be led to fallow the Dean's example, -and they could not tell where this matter would stop. This was a service not brought forward quietly, but notioe was given of it by advertisement. It took place at the ordinary time for afternoon service, and a very, full report of it appeared in the public prints. Although he knew., of no instance where any other olergyman haa'atternpted any thing of the kind, yet, if they pas?ed over this without some: notioe, he did not know where the thing would stop. They might find some clergymen presenting Sunday-scbol teachers with Biblep, and ap pointing them to the office of teachers, and thus they would have all kinds of minor •rders introduced into the Church. There must, he thought, be some means adopted to cheok the nse of a service—right, perhaps, of itself, but unauthorised —or if not, there immediately arose diversity, division, and schism. The resolution did not in any way restrain the liberty whioh olergymen now possessed; its tendency was rather to enlarge it. It would express the opinion that Synod had no objec tion to a clergyman taking services from the Book of Common Prayer br.iisidg lessons of his own choice and psalms of hta own selection. He had no objection to the holding of a prayer meeting, which was not a public form oE ser- but simply a meeting of Christians for prayer aud int rcommuuion. He might men tiou, as it perhaps would have some weight, that his resolution was almost in the very words of the reply of the Bishops of Rochester and Winchester to an application made with respect to al2 days' mission this year. These Bishops had felt that although a great deal of good might be done by these missions, there was a possibility of the law being broken in a way which would cause certain inconveniences to arise. Where he had altered the words of these Bishops, the alteration had been to en large rather than restrain. They must all know, also, that the Bishop of Winchester was not a Tcan -who would curtail or restrain what he believed would be promoting the interests of the Catholic Church. Without detaining the Synod longer, and with the expression of the hope tbat he had won over one or two votes, as he thought it important to hold by their laws and keep to their rules, he would move the resolution. (Cheers.) Mr. H. O. Holmes seconded. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson said be most thoroughly endorsed all that Canon Farr had said. Of conrse he had not any personal feeling towards the Dean, with whom for years he had been on terms of intimacy, but he felt that if these things were not checked in the bud, by and by they would get into a perfectly abnor mal state. He did hope Synod would go with Canon Farr. There was no censure cast upon the Dean; it was merely an expression of opinion, and the motion was worded in a very quiet and inoffensive manner. From what Canon Farr had said, he thought they must be convinced of the necessity of taking some notice of the irregularity. Mr. J. A. FHRCHJSBON hoped it would not be thought presumptuous or audacious in a young member saying a word on the motion. He was sure imany members of Synod regretted Canon Farr had felt it to be his duty to {bring the matter publicly forward. Certainly the mode rate way in which Canon Farr had spoken almost inclined him to change his opinion, but it was unfortunate that they should pre sent the spectacle of a divided Synod. Whether the motion was calculated to pro mote truth or not he would not say, but it certainlj would not promote unity and con cord. When he first heard of this he thought it hardly creditable that a neighboring clergy man would make a public attack on one, who— to say nothing more—Bet a bright example of a hard-working parish clergyman. (Cheers.) He thought it unfortunate that the time of Synod should be taken^up discussing such a subject, seeing that a private letter to the Dean would have done all that was necessary, and seeing also the ether important question—such as education and missions to the aborigines— which might hare occupied their attention. .They might.have spent the time more pro ■fitably than in discussing this frivolous motion. In this colony, founded, h« believed, when the Church of England was somewhat lax in practice and the service was of ten performed in a slovenly manner, it was wonderful to see the amount of ignorance of Church subjects which existed; and it really amounted to this, that if a clergyman distinguished himself by zeal, or by the care he took in performing the service, some people conjured up the phantom of Ritualism, which had no place in the colony. Notwithstanding the remarks in His Lordship's address, it was true that other bodies of Chris tians in the colony showed a rancor and bitter ness towards the Church of England which had no parallel in Great Britain; and they found this feeling amongst men who meekly prayed that although they might be divided hare, they "might be united hereafter in one fold under one Shepherd. They ought to endeavor to promote unity. The Church of England could afford to be magnanimous, and to meet half way those who differed .from her. He should like to know how the Education question would be dealt with, unless there was a good understanding between- the Church and the other bodies. He begged to offer his humble but earnest pro test against the motion. He hoped if there had been an irregularity it would be passed by un noticed, and that the example set by Canon Farr would be a warning and not a precedent. The Rev. E. T. Howell said a question had been asked about a certain service, and then they had an attack made by implication on the Dpan, which attack had not been substantiated. (No.) All all events if the resolution were passed, it would lie said that Synod had cen sured a certain proceeding, and had indicated a certain member of Synod as being concerned in such service. The terms of the resolution im plied that something heretical and erroneous had been introduced into the service. The Bishop remarked that Canon Farr ex pressly stated that he had no charge against the service. The Bey. Mr. Howell was at a loss, then, to understand why the "motion was brought for ward. (Laughter and cheers.) He agreed not only that that was 4h? wrong fcTace for a dis cussion, of that land, but "jfcyf deprecated altogether any discussion of general principles which would not bear specific application." This resolution, like one passed last session, would have no effect; and because it would throw an aspersion upon one of the most beloved of their clergy, and whereas the basis of the resolution had not been proved, he should move the previous i^uuslion. The Rev. R. B. Webb seconded the previous question. He called attention to the duties of Churchwardens, remarking that it was their place to make complaint if complaint was neces sary, but the Churchwardens of St. Paul's had not made any accusation to the Bishop. He contended that a person bringing in a resolu tion of this kind should come into Court with clean hands, and this, he said. Canon Farr did not do. He remarked also that if irregularities of excess were taken notice of, he should think seriously of bringing in irregularities of defect. He thought this trenched on the Bishop's prerogative, for if any one was offended by what the Dean had done, His Lordship was the one to be in formed of it, and not Synod. (Applause.) He hoped for these reasons that Synod would carry the previous question, which would refer the matter for His Lordship's decision. The Bey. Mr. Green thought, in considering the motion, they were bonnd to admit that Canon Fair had a perfect right to bring forward the matter, but at the same time he regretted the mode in which it had been brought forward. If any one had wished to propose it, it could have been proposed much more plea santly by simply asking His Lordship the question privately, and proposing the latter part of the resolution, without reference to the nervice at St. Paul's Church. There might have been then almost unanimous agree ment with it. Although they believed Canon Farr did not intend to give the Dean a baok handed slap, they could not overlook the fact that Buch a blow had been given. Whilst every member had a right te speak, there were matters that might be in bad taste for some to bring forward. Canon Farr occupied a very peculiar position. There was, perhaps, no man in tbe diocese who had a more distinct vocation than he had; his vocation was to teach and bring up Christian gentlemen, and it was an impertinence: to say that he did it well. It would have been better for some older parochial clergyman to have bronght the matter forward, if it was necessary to bring it forward at all, which he did not believe was the case. At the last meeting of Synod a resolution was passed that the rubrics of the Church of England should be adhered to, but that resolution had not been of the slightest value—(a laugh)—and if this resolution was passed, he would ask any member of Synod of what value would it be? Synod could only five an opinion, which would not be binding. His Lordship's own act could make it binding, and that could be given without this resolution. He expressed regret that time should be taken up in discussing matters so frivolous while other important matters claimed attention. There was no form for the admission of choristers, but in the service alluded to there was nothing contrary to the Prayer-book— indeed, it was altogether in accordance with it. Because of the unintentional attack upon the Dean, and because of the utter nselessness of the resolution, he should go for the previous question. The Very Bey. Dean Kusshll exceedingly regretted that Canon Farr had brought forward this resolution—not with any degree of consi deration for himself, however. Canon Farr • was good enough to ask him what weuld be the most friendly form to bring this on. and be said in any form so long as he had the opportunity of making his own explanation. He regretted tbe tabling of this motion, because it diverted Synod from the work of dealing with important questions of charity and religion which they were called to consider; and because, also, it caused Synod to degenerate from a Sacred Council into a vulgar debating society for the discussion of irritating topics. He wished to know, first of all, how the notice appeared in print, as pos sibly some minds had been biassed by seeing it thoie. Having called attention to the very un fair way in which Canon Farr had placed his question and resolution on the paper, he asked him how he dared to call that service an irregu larity until he had proved it so. Having dis claimed any unkindly feeliugs towards Canen Farr, he said he had listened in vain to hear Canon Farr make out a good case. As Mr. Green had said, too, if this resolution were passed it would be utterly inoperative. Canon Farr had not shown that there was any divergence from the Prayer- Book in the service he held, nor had he come forward with a tittle of evidence to support his resolution. He simply came there to express s, narrow and ignorant prejudice to which he, a scholar and gentleman, was a slave, while he ought to be the very man to denounce it. (Cheers.) As the educator of the young he should be the very man to say " I won't give in to narrow local prejudices; let us grow out of our ignorance and se« what is doing iv Christen dom and in our own Cburch of ISniiland." He did not remember the composition of the service he used, but he took it from the Rev. W. Howe, who had written several religions works, and he had cover been imputed as being connected with any extreme portion of the Church. Canon Farr sheltered himself unde the Bishops of Winchester and Rochester. H admitted those Bishops used words similar t this, but they had reference to a totall; different state of things. He could bring proof too, that the service he had used was not onb not disapproved of by the Bishops of Win Chester and Rochester, but that precisely thi same service had taken place in their diocese with the full sanction of the Bishops. (Hear hear.) As to the fact of the service being ad vertised, he explained that this arose fron private circumstances which he could no explain, and which necessitated the servici taking place earlier than was at first proposed and the only means of giving notice wai by advertisement. On this exceptional occasion, therefore, he had inserted at advertisement, although he had deter mined never to advertise services in con nection with his Church. He wondered at the curious distinctions Canon Farr took betweei public meetings and public services, and privatt meetings and private services. Wheu he had candidates for Confirmation with him in the Church, he knelt with them, and offered ex tempore prayer, and yet would Canon Farr saj he broke bis or.iination vow in doing that ? H< had also held a Blission prayvr meeting, at wbicl] not a single prayer in the Common Prayer- Btdk was offered. His Lordship—Canon Farr excepted prayei meetings. Dean KCSSELL wished to show that according to his argument, he ought not to have excepted them. He charged Canon Farr with being an accomplice in this crimo, for he recollected him wishing him to use a Special Missionary Ser vice, prepared by the Bishop of New Zealand, and he did so. His Lordship—Where was that service held! Dean Kdssell—lt was held in a public schoolroom, but of course Canon Farr had not in opening confined his remarks simply to conse crated buildings, and it would be unfair for him to bring that in now. Then, again, what was he to understand by " prayers contained wholly in the Prayer Book ?" Was he to understand that Matins, Even Song, and the Litany should be kept in their entirety, or that the clergyman should be allowed to make a sort of mosaic out of the Frayer-Book ? He thought that was what Canon Farr was in the habit of doing at tho College ChapeL Did Canon Farr mean to say that in daily morning prayer he used tbe entire Matins, or did he make a selection. Canon Fabb said be used the daily prayer according to the morning service until the Bishop desired him to alter it. Wi« Lordship said college chapels were always exoepted from the full service. Dean Kdssell would say a word to explain the service. He had a number of boys who had been trained to the service of song. He wished them to he reverent and devout, and when out of church he desired that their conduct should be consistent. How could he do that except by praying with them, and getting them to take a solemn yow that they would discharg-- the office of chorister in a proper spirit ? He did this with a view to religious edification. His Lordship said Canon Farr stated that he had no objection to the service. Dean Russell did not choose to be restricted in that narrow channel, for would any one say, that if this resolution was passed, it would not be taken as a censure upon him ? Ha resorted to this service for religious edification. He had seen it performed iv England, and he did not do it in an ostentatious or obtrusive manner. He could only say, that the results abundantly satisfied him of the wisdom of the course he pursued. If Synod expressed disapproval with that act, they would hinder him and others who had choristers from exercising that right and just spiritual influence over their minds which they now possessed. Mr. Wioksteed explained, in reply to the Dean, that the notices of motion were given in, and printed before the meeting, in terms of the Standing Orders. Mr. G. W. Hawkes wished to say a few wordp. The way in which Canon Farr had brought the matter forward was temperate and reasonable. He had avoided using intemperate expressions, and alluding to parties. He did not think, however, that the matter was one that should have been brought before the Synod. It was a matter for the Bishop, and he thought he spoke the sentiments of the Synod ■vhen he said that if His Lordship had found it necessary to administer rebuke, the Synod would support the carrying into execution of his judgment. He was afraid that a resolu tion of that character would do a great amount of mischief. It gave people an opportunity of jumping up and giving their opinions about ititualism, Presbyterianism, and other isms, and diverted attention from their proper busi ness. He was not prepared to support the resolution, but he believed Canon Farr had brought the reso'ution forward with the inten tion of serving the Church. Such a service as described by the Dean he should rejoice at, but there were services in which the l'rayer-Book was almost ignored. A few Collects were taken, and then a sermon preached an hour long. He was sure Canon Farr would receive credit for hontfflty of purpoae. Mr. James White expressed his objection to the meeting of Synod being taken advantage of by the clergy to attack one another. The pro ceeding might be edifying to those engaged in it, but it was not by aoy means edifying to the people who came down from the country witjh a view to promoting the interests of the Church. He thought it would be well if the discussion was now terminated. He believed that a charge of a very similar nature might have been pre ferred against Canon Farr. He had heard that the rev. gentleman would baptise in the river. (Laughter.) If charges aud counter charges were to be made, he dare say there was hardly a clergyman in the colony who could not be accused of something or otber. (Hear, hear.) The Bishop was of opinion that the Dean had been guilty of an irregularity. He did not think he meant to treat him with disrespect; but he had not had the courtesy shown him with respect to the service in question that the Bishops of Rochester and Winchester had evi dently had shown them. (Hear, hear.) The Dean expluHed that the reason he did not ask the Bishop's approval of the service was because he was at the time being attacked by a scurrilous paper, and if be had applied to the Bishop for his approval and obtained it, he would likewise have made an object of attack, which he was undesirous shoul 1 be the case. The Bishop -If that was the case, he said let every man bear his own bucden. (Laughter.) He was willing to bear his. (Applause.) The irregularity was not of a very serious character. He must say that he never knew of a matter of the kind being brought forward more dispassionately, or in milder language, than Canon Farr had bronght forward that matter. He thought, after what had been said, the less said the better. He pointed out that the remarks of Canon Farr applied to a service conducted in a consecrated building, and expressed himself favorable to the dedication of choristers in a private manner. He also said that he thought Sunday-school teachers should be introduced to their offices by a religious service in a private way, and he likewise hoped the time would come when lay readers would be introduced to their positions by a solemn service. He trusted that their proceedings woult be characterised by harmoviousness, and expressed pleasure at the very full meeting. He suggested that the resolution should be with drawn. (Hear, hear.) Canon Dove could not.give a silent vote, be cause he so heartily sympathised with the Dean in what he had done. Insteadof censuring the Dean he thought they oughtrathertothank him for restoring the choral service The Bishop—The resolution has nothing to do with the choral service. Canon Dove—But I think we may take this opportunity. ' The Bishop—You are out of order; you must confine yourself to the resolution. You have nothing to do with the choral service. Canon Dove sympathised with the Dean witb all Mb heart. The floodgates of vulgarity, ignorance, and he might say brutality had been opened upon the Dean through the papers. Archdeacon MABBTAT considered that the more they discussed such matters the better it was. In his opinion they could not praise Canon Farr too highly for the temperate way in which he had introduced the subject. He made no allusion to Ritualism, and his resolu tion was very general. The question was not whether the service was a good service, but whether it was illegal. The question was not what might be done privately, but what might be done publicly in a consecrated edifice. He would ask whether such a service as the service alluded to had been held in England. The Dean—Yes; I was present at one. The Abcudeacon was inclined to think thai by many the magnitude ef the question in volved was overlooked. If the theory of Mr. Webb was correct, then by securing the agree ment of the Churchwardens anything might b< carried out. The Eev. Blr. Webb—lt is not my theory. The Archdeacon pointed out that if the] were to be an Episcopalian Church, even clergyman must not invent cervices. If thej could do so, what was the use of couvocatioi introducing services for special occasions. H< contended that a great and serious question wai involved. If this was not checked could liii Lordship prevent any service being used tuat might be introduced ? Could he objoct to au] service that stopped short of the worship of tbt Virgin? The Bishop believed such services could b< prevented in Churches, but he did not saj they could be in hospitals aud such places. The Abchdeacon said it was not contended that they could not do what they liked in place: not consecrated, but in churches there could onlj be certain services. He was satisfied that th< introduction of the service by the Dean was ai irregularity and was illegal. Canon Farr had beer blamed for bringing the matter forward. Ii was not a pleasant thing for him to do, and it was only because he had the welfare of the Churcl at heart, which made its introduction compul sory upon him, that he had tabled the resolution, He did not think any harm had been done, noi did he think time had been wasted by the dis- Mr. Hope regretted that Canon Farr hac brought forward tbe resolution. He had re gpect for his judgment, but in this case he had not acted in the way that be should call judi cious. He had asked them to pass a vote ol t censure upon the Dean ef Adelaide, and to con e demn a service no psrt of which they knew 0 anything about—whether it was a good service y or a bad service they were not informed, fcvrii F, if the service were iv every way improper and y wrong, he had asked them to assume the pre i- rogative of the Bishop in finding fault—a posi e tion which he was not going to Uke. He cen :s sidercd it was a great mistake to have brought -, the matter before the Synod, and he would I- ask Canon Farr to withdraw the resolution. a Mr. A. J. FntroNDS B:tid it seemed to him t that they were wasting much valuable time c tbat might have been profitably employed, and 1, such waste of time was very objectionable to s people from the country. In his opinion the 1 matter was not one that should have been i brought before the Synod. It should have been ■- reported to His Lordship, and, if necessary, \- brought by him before the Synod. (Sear, c hear.) Bringing matters before the Synod for i the purpose of raking up old quarrels, was a i proceeding that ought not to be encouraged, and 1 he hoped the discussion would be brought to a c conclusion at once. (Hear, hear.) Canon Fabb, in replying, said the Synod had j a perfect right to discuss anything of the kind, b and he had no intention whatever to allow him -2 self tv be put down by dogmatism, although he would be guided by calm, quiet, and dis passionate reason. It was hard to speak with r out getting excited. He had tried not to do so, and he did not think he should. Much of what ; had been said, had been beside the question. 1 (Hear, hear.) The matter had been spoken of i as frivolous, but had Mr. Fergusson been longer i in the colony, he would see that the matter \- was not so frivolous as he thought it was. The , resolution was studiously flamed, so as not to contain any personal allusion to Mr. Bussell. He ? was obliged to ask the question he had, otherwise ; lie should have been trenching upon the office i of the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) Then he care . fully kept out of the question what the nature i of the service was. He did not say that the j Bishops of Rochester and Winchester objected to i the service, but merely gave their statement of ; the law. He had with him extracts to Bhow i what the service was, but he took it for i granted that in a Synod composed of men— ; among them the Dean of Adelaide—no mere i quibble would be raised to the effect that he t had not shown what the service was. When > the question was brought . forward in s the way he had brought it forward, and when full accounts of the service had been : given in the public prints, he did ; not think he was called upon to give an idea of the service. He believed that the i introduction of the subject would do good, and make clergymen feel that they must not intro l duce services without the leave of the Bishop, [ notwithstanding that he was called ignorant I and stated to have bad taste, and the matter F described as frivolous. (Hear, hear.) He ac : ceded to what appeared to be the general wish, r and would withdraw the resolution. l The resolution was then, by leave of the : Synod, withdrawn. : The Dean said if he had made use of any expression hurtful to the feelings of Canon s Farr, he hoped he would pardon it. The Bishop—You said you hoped nothing I would be taken as persona. , Announcements having been made, and , ; notices of motion given, I The Synod adjourned till the next day, at L 2 o'clock. 