Tee prominence given to the views of a class of men calling themselves spiritualists, opens a wide field for discussion, which is being largely availed of. Nothing is too high or too low for tbe spirits to take cog nizance of. and whether it be to foretell the winner of a racing handicap or to prog nosticate the death of a Sorereign, the oracles are invariably appealed to, and are condescending enough to give a deliverance. If the prophecies come true — as in the recent case of the Inge of the Rangoon steamer — mankind marrel greatly ; or if the deliverances prove false — as in the anti cipation that the steamer would arrive safe and sound between six and Bevon o'clock last Thursday evening— people pronounce spirit communication to be a humbug. There is nothing new under the son, and the belief in the possibility of invoking the powers of nltra-mundane agency is al most as old as tbe world. The spiritualist* can give you chapter and verse for ell their allegations. Certainly, if Biblical au thority is wanted, we find the command given to die Israelites to extirpate all who had ftm'l'ar spirits or Bought enquiries of the dead. We remember that the Egyptian magi, by their occult aits, were able to imitate all the miracles of Hoses, and we have the Witch ofEndor, who produced the image of Samnel before SauL There was the man whose name was Legion because of the many devils that had entered into him, and even mw''d' were not exempt from infestation, M we may know by tie case of the herd of swine that ran violently down a eteep place into the sea. Bat these instances, if they go to show the possibility of opening up connections with beings of another state, also prove that the practice is more honoured in the breach than in the observance If we desire tbe testimony of history, we ore told that Socrates had a demon, and Brottu had a ghost The esses of Lord Lyttie ton, John Wesley, and an hundred similar instances in reoent -tame* are well enough authenticated. Amongst the aocienUwa ore informed that Anstotlfi, Plato, Zeno, Pythagoras, Xenopbon, Sophocles, riiuy, and Lucian, and among the moderns o_^«iborg, Dt Henry Moore, Dr. Car penter, Dr. Jphn^ I-^»». AddUpn, Isaac Taylor, mm, William Wowittj Oberlin, Ooelha, ftnd many others were beliems in apL# ipnJjEee»-%)nB. Even hard-headed old BUckstone, in his co»r mentaries, says ; f» To deny the jKWjbililj. any, the actoai existence of witchcraft and aoroery, is at onoe; flatly to oontndipt th« revealed word of Ood, and the thing itself is a truth to whugiiBTeiy nation in** world hath borne testimony, either by well attested examples or by prohibitory tows which, at least, unppose the P™»»'»J»t3r™ comtaerce with «va spirits.' Probably the lawyer, best csa tell why Biackstoai i «- Btrictcd his researches to etd spirits. The means of communicating with disembodied souls, are held to be various, and most of Ihe believers seem to agree that the inner or spiritual eight is opened when the person is in apecnliar state of extasis. To produce this condition, the anciente are reported to have employed narcotic drugs, and sometimes mesmerism. Long fasting, and the fixed contemplation of certain objects, are also said to create the effect A number of people joining hands round a table, and establishing a, magnetic circle, is tho favourite method adopted now-a-dsys, whilst, by oonstant practice, certain susceptible individuals sre stated to become developed into mediums, and to be capable of going through eU sorts of queer performances, sometimes in voluntarily, and on occasions, by a mere effort of the wili The planchette is ano ther modem invention, with which some people profess to have produced extraordi nary spiritual writings. As to the Bpirite themselves, they appear to be a very miscellaneous lot. They have a knack of declaring themselves to be Oliver Cromwell, Napoleon Buonaparte, and other celebrated characters, whibrt the nature of their communications by no means tends to establish their identity. TTalter Montgomery appeared the other day to » Melbourne ' circle,' and volun teered tbe information which most of us knew before, that ' there is another snd a better world.' Very like him. Persona tion, in fact, if such a term may be applied to spirits, appears to prevail to an alarm ing extent in the future state. Tbe reve lations, for the most part, are totally unreliable, but every now and again the right mark is hit If we grant, for the sake of argument, that there are spirits knocking about us, and that it is possible to communicate with them, we must still inquire cui bono t From the trick* they play, it ifl evident they sre no different from the men and women of this material universe, in their thoughts, feelings, and aspirations. To seek to make a religion out of such materials seems the height of pro fanity, for if we consider the Bible to be a direct revelation from God, its authority must be infinitely superior to anything derived from so questionable a source as the beings occupying a sort of intermediate state corresponding to the old idea of purgatory. If we believe not Moses and the prophets, neither will we believe though one rose from the dead. Equally absurd must it be to pretend that the spirits can cure our bodily ailments by dictating pre scriptions. It was proved, the other day, that a believer at Pleasant Creek, who was suffering from disease of tbe heart, was treated for liver complaint by his spiritual advisers. The odds, indeed, are hugely in favour of a wrong diagnosis, and if this sort of thing proceeds much further, we may expect to see those who take spiritual physic become subjects for a coroner's in quest, and those who administer the dose, charged with manslaughter. Whilst there is no good to be derived from communica tions of the sort, they are provocative of a great deal of harm. Jackson Davis, Harris, and hosts of their followers in America, have become hopeless lunatics through seeking to pursue their inquiries into these phenomena, and if we concede the possibility of establishing the unnatural intercourse, the communication can only be accomplished at the sacrifice of man's free-will To be influenced and dictated to by a power of which we know nothing, and over which we have not the slightest control, is to be a prey to perpetual delusions, somewhat akin to those which trouble the victim of delirium tremens. Therefore, if the spirits are as powerful as they are represented to be, the less we cultivate their acquaintance the better. We are not of that class who would deny the existence of anything that cannot be explained by the inductions of science, or by the laws of nature. Science, as one writer very truly observes, is bounded by the narrow limits of present discovery, and as for the laws of nature, we cannot pre tend to be acquainted with them all. We are willing to allow that ' then are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' but this does not bind us to the new dictum that the world is to be regenerated by a return to old superstitions. We live in a sceptical and materialistic age, it is true, but we are suf ficiently unprejudiced to demand that be fore we give in our adhesion to any theory, we should be -satisfied that such theory, when carried into practice, would prove beneficial rather than hurtful 