I REVIEW. THE CRUISE OF THE FLYING SQUADRON I An enthusiastic American spiritualist gives | it as his opinion that the faculty of author- ship is merely a manifestation of spirit influence. Supposing for an instant that the enthusiastic American is right, we should like to compel him to read the Cruise of the Flying Squadron, and name "the spirit who inspired its author. The work is signed " J. B., and might therefore be dictated by the spirit of Joe Bastock but Joe was a gentleman, and so we must put him out of court. The dedication to " Queen Emma" suggests Mr. James, Yellow plush but Jeames had lived too long in the society of upper servants to make the gross grammatical errors which adorn the book before us. The rigid immorality which breathes sternly o'er its pages might be claimed by Lord Mohun or Bully Charteris; but then neither of those distinguished gentlemen, boasted the uttering presidency of a French valet or the appetite for scandal which characterises a sour virgin of three- score. We confess that unless the ghost of Beau Tibbs has taken refuge in a midship- man's berth, we are at a loss to name the genius who, with the assistance of Henry Cavendish," compiled the tweddle are about to notice. Let us observe, however, in justification of our proceeding, that " books for review" are of three kinds. Firstly, those whose excellence demands attention ; secondly, those whose mediocrity claims contempt and thirdly, those whose exquisite absurdity pleads trumpet-tongued for ridicule. We are sincerely sorry for "J.B." In his own sphere of life he is doubtless a worthy creature, tolerably versed in Inman, and an ornament to the British navy ; but literature is not his forte, neither is spelling, or grammar. These are arts which are beyond him, and which, as a British sailor, he is not called upon to practice. "Qui fit, Maiconas," asks Horace, ut nemo, quam sibi sortem sou ratio defeat, sou fors objecerit, its contents vivat ; lauded diverse sequences J. B." might have lived to be an admiral, and died happily unknown, if he had not plunged into book making. But men cannot live content. The soldier envies the merchant, the merchant the sailor, the sailor Heaven save the mark at -the author, and thus it comes that the whirligig of time brings its revenges, and we have been forced to road The Cruise of the Flying Squadron. The work opens with a " squadron standing order No. 2," in proper official course and we learn that before leaving the Trades, good braces, buntings, clew garnets, and reef tackles, are to be love, using the worn rope for stunsail gear, jib halyards, &c;, boats' falls and yard-tackles, are, of course, always to be of the best." This is all right, proper, and nautical. If the book proceeded in the same terms, we could have finished reading it; but, alas! J. B. "luffsup" into description, and, flinging punctuation to the winds, runs ashore upon the precipitous and rocky coast of society. After , som a considerable twaddle, the Flying Squadron arrives at Cape Town, and J. B. pitches Lindley Murray overboard :- " All the week Cape Town was full of the squadron, officers and men which was a godsend to the hotels." His morality hero, however, stones for his grammar, for speaking of the " gardens," he says :-" There was an almost total absence of the ladies of the upper ton, owing we heard to the supposed possession of them (we suppose the gardens, not the ladies) by two sombre-looking damsels in deep mourning who certainly after we had the pleasure of seeing them would have done credit to an ecclesiastical training. On guard, is certainly the motto of the Cape matrons and we venture to think more unholy ideas would be kept out of the brain of their Rock by suppressing a large portion of their present literature than by forbidding the supposed contaminating influence of rubbing shoulders in a public garden with those who have once fallen from the path of virtue, and if such was a universal idea we are much afraid that the English matrons would experience great difficulty in selecting a fit public entertainment for their daughters." Having thus vindicated virtue J.B. " drops into poetry" again, remarking apropos of some of the elder lords of creation," by whom we presume means middle-aged husbands-" they would have preferred not seeing the young and faithful helpmate of their little joys Yielding to dark blue and the taper waist, u O'er which the sailor's hand may wander undisposed. 0! for active waltz, source of flushing cheeks and languishing eyes, Tescblriir the young ideas how much to prize-" But we cannot linger with Just's music ; we must accompany him to the scene of his greatest exploits-Melbourne. Let it suffice to record an anecdote of " Flying Lilly white." We give it in our author's own urípímctuated words-" Flying Lillywhite having landed with what he loved most for the time on earth and escorted her and her chaperone to the portal of their mansion, under a load of parasols, shawls, but no fan-on the strength of an unexpected tea and a last evening in company with a green and white frock was wished a very affectionate good-bye, and the door gently closed, leaving him on the cold side, where emotion would have been out of place. However, he still retained sufficient outward composure to make his way to the club, and try the consolation of B. and S., the first articulate sound that was heard being 0 my God, my heart I've not solitary instance of the susceptibility of the British naval officer. " Observe the ' ' sarcasm" of the 1 ' not solitary instance !" With this touching incident let us to Victoria, In J, B.'s own splendid Bontonoo, wa introduce her :-"When due South. of Adelaide, and 271 miles off Cape Otway, the wind veered round to the south eastward, and standing to the northward on a wind at 7 a.m., on the morning of the 23rd land was reported on the bow, and as those who, for the first time looked on the great continent of Australia, few could suppress a feeling of regret as he [sic.) thought of the many thousands of his fellow-countrymen leaving their native land, home, mother, and all nearest and dearest, for fear of starvation fear of tax and law, and love of enterprise ; but all with one universal object-gold-had gone to the mast bend, at the same cry of land, to be the first to see the country of their hopes and dreams in the past and their visions of the tranquil prospect in the future of a home deep in the recesses of an Australian' forest, without a sound to break the unearthly stillness except the prattling children and never silent locust, and all raised by the one much-sought-after-nugget they could not fail to find." On Saturday, November 26',.." Mr. Roth- well, R.A.," goes on board the Liverpool early in the afternoon, to convey His Excellency's welcome to the admiral on his arrival to his kingdom, and also an invitation to his house at Toorak. The men of the Flying Squadron dis- embark, and are entertained. J. B. is much impressed with the extent of Melbourne, and remarks, indeed, with enthusiastic disregard of sense, that the Governor has a bird's-eye view of his entire capital, the enormous extent of which, with its environs, appears almost marvellous, when it is considered that the first settler only pitched his tent on the ground where, we venture to think, the finest city in the southern hemisphere now stands, 30 years before, and mainly caused by those enterprising and reckless spirits who made their way there during the gold rush, of for the discovery in 1851" Now follows the charming description in which J.B. excess. He describes Toorak, Major Baker, the Sandridge pier, the mayor, and corporations fact, all the lions of the metropolis. ThoMolbourap Club is "P. D; Potter t Tower-hill, London, held up as an example to those conserva tive-tondencied old gentlemen who stagnate the progression of most of the London Clubs, and the flattering vision ends with its lovely Australian summer's day, and naval uniforms and gay frocks plentifully " sprinkled, about the surrounding churches." A ball at Toorak is noted. J. B. " congratulates Lady Manners Sutton on a triumph of effect, and hopes that she was as much pleased as her guests at the result of her chasseurs, which were unexceptionable: though 1 we are inclined to think heavy damage was undone that night, which would probably have IT been heavier but for firmness in high quar__ters concerning a kitchen-garden key and ., sprang friendships were founded then and rebuilt up afterwards which a lifetime will and not destroy." After this elegant extract" pJwo have a patronising pat on the back for a lady who seems to have snubbed a lord who was rude to her, J. B. evidently considering ,, that to snub a lord shows more courage than she would presume to boast. Then follows a sugar plum for a lady who it seems gave a ball at South Yarra, and did not í remove "a certain bench under a certain J' Bbaded'tree," whereby the "troth for better or for worse was pledged. Then we have-in ., (J,' B.'s own inimitable English tho picnic at Fern-tree Gully, where " a stout engineer, of hitherto unimpeachable character and in ; blemished reputation, corroborated (sic) by a 1 ( faithful wife and loving family at home, . looking a little abashed at first, but, we believe, considerably before arrival had become on most intimate terms and as for the return, it was perhaps lucky that so many miles separated the better half and deepening T >r twilight shaded passing events." Amid such genial merriment the Flying ' Squadron gets ready for sea, and J. B. quotes long extracts from the then recently-published ¡ '"'Humbug to show in what esteem officers and x/5 xen were held. From Victoria J. B. reaches '" ' Hobart Town, and " finds the Misses Ray ' quite the belles, inclusive of the suffering 11 Aunt'Laura, who betrayed the sagacity of a great instinct on more than one occasion ;" and J from Hobart Town- But no, we must pause ~ there, a " white slipper flying en route to its nest, leaving us alone with the thought (of that which we had done which we ought not to have done," cheeks our career of perusal. We leave New Zealand and the Sandwich Islands to the imagination of our readers, assuring them that they will find nothing in { ' 3'. B's description to repay the trouble of construing his sentences. ' Criticism on a book like this would be out of place. One cannot break a butterfly on \- the wheel, or cavil at the meaning of a gentle f Tuan'who does not know how to express 4 ' himself. Monsieur Jourdain was alarmed to of and that he had " spoken prose all his life a without knowing it ;" an intelligent foreigner " reading the "Cruise" would be equally -''astonished to learn, that he had been trans- > stating English for 296 pages. Indeed, our author might not inappropriately exclaim, *r with the hero of Moore's immortal comedy, "I will learn everything 'but first teach me I Orthography I" However, its very faults 0 r make the volume amusing, and the grossly ' offensive nonsense about the hospitable folk who were kind to J. B can be forgiven on account of the exquisite unconscious- ness with which the writer proceeds to 1 rbe abusive. The good lad, we firmly believe, " intended to be genially patronising. Enough; we take leave of "J.B." with a higher and holier hope in human nature than if we have had for many a day. Not as a traveller, to author, or even penny a liner do we regard him. No ; he has his equals, if not his superiors, in all these branches of science. We look upon him as a monument of the charity of mankind, of the beneficence of publishing humanity. That a public Usher should have been found who would * willingly, and without compulsion, risk money on the Flying Squadron, speaks volumes for the natural gullibility of the .'- human race, and induces us to hope that the hard and cruel reign of self-interest is not yet paramount in Europe. As for Australia-let -? us hope that our dear young ladies who will i flirt with uniforms may choose uniforms that are owned by good fellows who, though liking . flirtation, don't "spin yarns," don't write » poetry don't keep note-books, and, above all don't "kiss and tell." , 