THE SKETCHER. MAORI-LAND. BY HINETINE TE TAWEBA. (CONTINUED.) Death, the unnatural and bewitchment-bred (according to the Maori ideas), is not the separator, he is only the remover. He who dies, vanishing trnly from among his people, in the pas and kiangas, leaving behind as a cast-off garment the face and form they knew so well in their daily life, yet returns unto them. The freed spirit, no longer tied by human possibilities, issues forth from the dwelling place in the " Rienga," (place of de parted souls), and passing among its people, aids or baffles them in their aims and pro jects. According to and by its ruling passions in life, is the spirit governed. In this second life, with all the power of freedom and know ledge and invisibility, the spirit is as it were all sufficient for good or eviL He who worked evil among his tribe daring his so journ with them, works it tenfold after his departure, inasmuch as the inclination re mains and the means and power are a thousand times increased. He bewitches his people, this evil one, he thwarts their plans, he makes null their projects, until one stronger than he comes ana defeats him; and this stronger one, either one who not having the same objects in view dissents from his fellow spirit and baffles him, being more mighty, or else one of those good and peace-loving spirit influences who ever step between evil in tended, and evil accomplished, preventing it when possible softening and nullifying, it when too late to advert. The spirits who wander in the " Rienga" lonely and companionless, coming among their tribe, strive to draw towards tnem, painlessly and calmly, however, those whom they beat loved in the earthly life. Not afflict ing these beloved ones with the bewitch ments reserved for their enemies, bat striving throngh other means to clasp the beloved hand, and, grasping it ever firmer and firmer, draw the reluctant one through the momen tary darkness of the narrow portal into the freedom and light beyond,, the light of the beautiful " Rienga." This accomplished, the two reunited spirits wander together to and fro, free and powerful. Tbe bones of the dead were in the "long a^o," sacred to the living in a double sense in the dual emotions of fear and love were these relics equally regarded and reverenced. If they were the bones of friends or relatives, it then was a duty sacred and binding to disentomb them, and first render them, fair and smooth, then journey to some distant holy of holies (sometimes a cave), and there deposit the sacied remains. There were at tbe banal ceremonials many of those mys terious observances, and also incantations by the presiding priest or wizard, which exempli-. fied so abundantly the ancient Maori's love for all impressive and solemn rites. Rigid as the ancient codes of observance were, and though their laws were even as those of the Medes and Persians which altered not, yet when the emotions or passions ran counter to the decrees of observances, there came occasionally a grand smash up, after which the victorious emotions remained triumphant Thus, at rare intervals, when some pressing care or pleasure of Maori life interfered with tbe fulfilment of the last burial duties, then it fell to tbe lot of the ci devant dweller of that dishonoured corpse to avenge himself. Fiohi the promptitude and vigour with which the vpiiit of the neglected "Tupapaku" entered upon his onerous task of avenger, one would be led to believe the duty was one not altogether distasteful to Maori spirithood. Thus, as soon as the vendetta began, bewitch ments fell upon the erring people. Their fern-grounds failed them, or the root when dug up was small, withered, and bitter; their eel-pas broke in the night, and in the morning were empty; their fishing expeditions were a failure, and the carefully prepared traps set for the " kiorea" or native rats were setinvain. In vain the man most expert at bird«catching made himself a quaint little pipe or whistle, and biding himself under the broad leaves of the tree the Pakehas call five-finger (from its fivefeavje8 gathered on to the one stalk), piped imitations of the many-noted bird-songs. No little fluttering songsters answered fiitti, and settled ob the boughs above, calliqg in torn till the tree was covered with moving wings and resonant with piping throats, liquid songs; in vain the piper piped, in vain he whittled, for none answered him, and he returned, even as he hadjleft, empty-handed. Still, among all these evils, there were good spirits doing their devoir, and often in some contrariwise fashion making amends, though insufficent ones, for the curses of the angered one. Such being the case, there arose a necessity for sterner methods of punishment, and the spirit who had vendetta against these dishonourers of bis "Tupapaku" was not backward in resorting to them. Suddenahd awful among the neglectful ones broke put the horrible " Tuwhepna" (leprosy most filthy, painful, and dreaded amonest » the many diseases thatbtalk grim, and strong as ferined 'men, among the natives. Nor was this all, for so awful fevengeance wasof neoes 4*7 tbe last in the quiver fallof cursesto-be burled down by the spirit-persecutor. . . Menand women, young girls .anil children wandering from their companions on' the march, or going to the bush for ferries, the watef-iiole for .water, or the feri)-ground f6r theroot of Che " Ruaiuhe," weretakett away; werfe 'lost/and fouhd not byJ&ose; who sought.';11''* ,,w: ".v. - ' ->.' ."/I* the iralttw bo^orw^er^bypto water.nBd^ togather none L. . gtfn.!'1 If foe^domed otaty,j ^voiding the ^eam; , Jirejif? towards the iem- fiat. then in Eerent and uttering iitrftnge' cries, W, ItilMXJbi^d'jSDtobthii&^worsethah: _ ly.tJwtttftfilttgliouSb' Tt current his supple limbiwere seised with tbe pain of tbe "TanewhaV'grip, and while fax from him flew the spirit birds ottering discordant cries!, lower be sank in tbe water that lapped against his lips, and the current bore him away to the great sea; whither ? All these things have been, and those who tell of them tell also of some dazzling flower or berry, some strange wooing voice on the wind, or hoarse cry in the dense bosh, charm ing the fated one to follow in pursuit. Then again issued the same, following, ever fol lowing that which ever receded; only, instead of the rolling plain or dismal swamp, instead of the steep gullies and rushing streams, the wanderer straggled on through tangled uader growth and clianes, through the glooms of the forest-primeval, over the rustling loaves and damp, dew-fed, moss and funigi. When the evening shadows gathered thick about him, himself a shadow of hope departed and fate resistless, he was gathered amongst them. He, wan, wild-eyed, weary, and stupified, became himself a shadow, and was known no more of the daylight His supernatural strength, spirit-given, was withdrawn, leaving him utterly helpless, and the black-shadowed knight on his black steed lifted him gently up, as he did "Gottliebe"in the German story, and he felt pain and weariness no longer. The narrow portal was passed and before him lay the "Rienga," and there the black knight left him ana set out to bear on his untiring horse others, weary and bewildered ones, to that same goal Such were the curses that fell upon those who disregarded the binding commands of their ancestors long passed into laws and ' obeyed as such. These were the deaths that thinned their numbers and awoke them to a sense of their sins, and a knowledge of their persecutor, at one and the same time. Al ways sickness or failure of provisions came first, these being minor evils and presaging the other great one, death. These numerous agencies of the spirit-world which I have mentioned are but a drop in the ocean of their resources and manner of operations, which differ with the natural features of the district and with the reigning superstition of the tribe. In the volcanic districts fire demons lured the ill-fated ones to their doom, and subtle odours arising from some "Ngawhariki," drugged them with poisonous exhalations, emitted it is needless to state by the enraged spirit who chose this mode to avenge the wrong done to his sometime dwelling- place, his "Tnpapaku." It may readily be imagined with what increased reverence the kinsmen of the dead -acknowledging their sins and trespasses prepared to complete the burial rites so long delayed. What new born awe, superadded to the natural reverence for the dead, influenced them in their dealing with the bones belong ing to a spirit who knew so well how to revenge the neglect shown heretofore, but now repented of with much " tangL" Having seen such good reason for the value placed on the bones of the dead, when those dead were of the tribe first and of the family secondly, 1 cannot do better than speak in this place of the bones of those who were neither of tribe or family, the bones of ene mies, hated in life, despised in death. Of the prisoners taken on a "Tana"-war-party there were some always reserved to fulfil the ignominious tasks of " ponongas" or slaves. a No warrior, no man of any pretentions to family or honour of any kind, would in the old times have degraded himself by currying any burden of whatever dimension ; this was left to the slaveB,-a warrior, a man of family would not thus lower himself. Slaves were therefore a "needs-be" in well regulated native society. We will presume, therefore, that the tribe was welt provided already with "ponougas," and yet having made a successful "taua" on sotce hostile tribe, they returned with many prisoners. Death then was the fate of these unhappy opes. They were roasted and eaten by their victors, or eaten without the preliminary pro cess of cooking. The head alone was reserved, and being stuck up on some pole, or in the branches of a tree standing in a conspicuous position, was loaded with insult. One of the men, celebrated among his tribe for the burning passion of his words, would start oat of the grouped circle around, and flourishing his "mere-mere ponamu," or twirling his slender feather-tufted spear, be addressed the unconscious head. Among the Maories arose murmurs of applause as the speaker heaped all the most degrading epithets his fertile imagination supplied him with upon the ancestors of the head. He called the head itself that of " a dog," "a worthless slave," "a coward," " a slinking rat," "a creeping lizard." He adjured it to behold the spectacle of its own dishonoured body, and brought beforgit a miserable picture of the bones "Yes, thewhitethigh bones being made into sweet-sounding flutes, on which his con querorvthose who bad killed their hunger on his-fleghj should play to their chosen damsels iin the^ evening time." "la the sweet days of summer time, the men should play on the flutes made of his bones, and their maidens seeing them would remember their prowess in the fight and think of the victory in which their warrior lovers had captured so many prisoners, killed and eaten them, making now melodious love songs from the polished bones." All these things, and these but a faint image of the overflowing eloquence and imagination which characterised the tirade, the speaker would pour forth with savage cries, with wild gestures, and florishes of the V mere-mere ponamu." " What were thy ancestors?' he wonld demand with acorn. " Answer me, O head of a dog, what were thy ancestors? Thou canst not answer me-be sajs nothing. Ah! listen, and I will show knowledge to you: of your ancestors. They were dogs. -Let their heads be eaten, let tbeir bones be dishonouredand so on ad libitum. When one was exhausted another stepped > fdrth and 'took' his place, and upon them the grim bead gated with dim eyeballs, calm, immovable. f Wb6zi the Maories had moved from that pa andiwandered far .away,- when the wintqr storms and summer ami had beat alike on thb hekd and left it a bare fleshless skull, some .wandering party came npon it in. the athering dusk, terrible, grinning, gleaming t . awful Bhbpe tbrough the glinting leaves. ' Those that^ad placed it theft'were dead perbiape or kiUed~t)y the very people amone whom that bate sktoll had once Claimed kinship/Thtfwaveof reprisals might have ebbed fuid, flowed roanytimes aincetben, J>n; that far bawday insulted tbeBovrgrinning skull most likely had been sltnUafly, treated himself, and his *>ones blek$M'bifsome tall foresttree where hidefromview The fiofes madrWthft thigh bones of the deidMmmltipfs jtgo taigbtfndeed be plfiyed, ? B.P(*maidens" who worth f^ffi^ listfened to the vbioe of ibeir the polished mjM &m; Mm, S : , _ .of thfc incentives, thbtwo fcb^eitfiil^moiive ' pasefdns ^whieh "made the world go round"-the Maori world, at any rate. Grim enough must have been the sight of tlat grinning skull, with its socketless eyes Btaring with nothing, from nothing, at nothing, among the twisted branches and the green leaves. Grim enough, surely; yet more chilling, more truly awful must have been the lambent flame of the ghost-fire arising from the res ting- place of the dead. Over the spot where a " Tapapaku was buried, previous to its disinterment, and also in the unknown places where rested the bodieB of those mysteriously lost ones, there burns at night a fire of the dead, a flame of the departed. . t , Unseen by the many, but visible to the few, is the ghost-fire. Clear and unflickering in the loudest storm, unquenched by rain, un touched by wind, over the swamps and stag nant water as brightly as upon the hillside, the lambent flame arises. Free from impuri ties of any kind, undarkened by smoke on the sooty darkess and ashiness of prosaic fires, the shining beacon of the dead, is never to be mistaken for the fire of the living; the less awful, but more comfortable domestic "ahL" Here, to the wonderful flame, so pore and clear-pointed, flock the wandering spirits, attracted by a singular fascination. When the natives see one of these fires, after giving a hasty glance at the spot, they hurry into the whares; one would as soon think of marching into the jaws of a " tanewha" as of ventnring near the dead-fires. Though second sight is perhaps more com mon among the natives than even among the Scotch (that wonder-loving people) them selves, yet there might be only one person of all those standing within view point of the ghost-fire, whose eyes were open to the mystic light therefrom. He who sees turn ing bis face towards his people standing or squatting around him, exclaims, "Behold, my friends, the fire of the dead." And as they hurry from the waning light into the whares, through the air noiselessly and swift, the spirits flock to the steady ghost flame, the beacon they needs must obey. . Something in this Maori supentition approaches in a degree towards the, theory of Baron von -Reich en bach concerning his "sensitives." He might almost have been bnilding up the Maori ideal, he might almost have wandered in Maori-land, and heard a low, awed voice uttering the mysterious words, "Behold, my friends, the flame of the dead!" almost have listened to the animated discussion interlarded with old stories, which would surely follow such a sentence. Baron Von Reichenbach would find nikny sensitives among the natives; he would light upon the paradise of spirits in Maori-land, and find among the various tribes and hap as, here a man gifted with the clear eyes, the far vision which pierces the shadowed veil of the future; and again, a woman prophetess, a child clairvoyant. He would hear of the spiritual as of the real; he conld gather up the fragments of traditions, the threads of beliefs, the knotted skeins of supernatural evidences, and twine them all into a thick even cord of conclusion. A little child was walking with me one winter day, and chattering on in childlike fashion in the intervals of certain wild evolu tions which he performed, mounted on a "korare " Btick for a steed. " Tine," he said, "you know not my ancestors, do you? neither have I knowledge of youcB; but behold! far away on that snow covered hill, near the foot of it, repose the bones of my ancestors. Now where are the bones of yours?" "My uncestors/'the phrase was odd enough, truly, coming from this small caricature of humanity, this long-legged, bony urchin caracoling on the Korare stick by my Bide. English people when they dare use it are re markably fond of the phrase " my ancestors," but to nse it with truth implies a grandeur of descent that one looks at from afar with unmixed awe. Cannot yoa fancy how it would seem a burlesque hearing Waikere's t>mall voice speaking the two words, and the while bis scantily clothed little form assumed a certain dignity, a native pride, and he de manded, " Where now axe the bones of your ancestors?" If Waikere had known the awful hamilia tion he heaped upon me in thus propounding a question I conld not answer, 1 am sure he would have avoided mentioning the subject Heretofore I had felt extreme satisfaction in the knowledge that I and my brothers possessed, somewhere in the past, a grand father, in whom my share, if limited, was still undisputed. But what was a grandfather in comparison with "ancestors?" Nothing, worse than nothing. Henceforward my grandfather sank into otter insignifi cance, and I have only to remember Waikere in my most conceited moments, and the result is humiliation. "There repose the bones of my ancestors, there burns their ghost-fire, the flame of my dead forefathers. 0 tempora! 0 mores! O parvenus and nouveaux rich esses! Among the many Maori idealisms which cluster thick together like petals on arose, one a delicate little leaf of the neat whole, seems so fair and graceful that I would fain pluck It out of its place and tell yoa its beanties. If yon only understood Maori it would be easier, but I must clothe the story in such of the plainly-fashioned Qoakerist garments of Pakeha phrase as seem least in compatible with its fairy outline. lirst, then, you will remember that always the gift of second-sight is limited, and of all the idealisms of the Maori life there is the belief truly, strong and many-voiced, but the eyes to see through the mist and the cloud are only one or two amongst many. And thus tothe story, in my stumbling Pakeba speech, vlntbe evenings, arising from the "raupo"swamps and marshes, the rivera btaut inbetween clifted bankB and the narrow fern-clothed gullies, arise the snowy mists. Thin affirst and vague, floating grey and Mgbt.tben massing together; rolling in rifts to tight and left/oaeetingagaindense and shroud-like, such are the evening mists, and in these the natives see the forms of the departed, the shadows of tbe shadowless, the denies of the.'spirit-land. < > . .. Creeping, weeping from 4he "raupo" (typba Agustifolia) and sedges on the swamp. .iom tbedamp defiles, from the clifted gullies, f rointbe'sunless shadows of the bush,win ding in between the little whares. thechildren of the vapour, tbe mist daughters, glide silently, aileptly they1] oin snowy armsacrossthe'darken iiag rivet,growing bolder as the darkness creeps ontfromtbe far horizon/with slow, unwilling footsteps, dimming (his distant landscape, the tniftt-daughtefa shake their veils from them in cloudyfolds. Han d in hand they wan deramone ihe reeds and sedges, over the hoarse'calling river onlteway to the wa, over the lopgflats of whitex. advanclng a steady waUfronTihe bnsb. rolling a sea of vapour from lie open lands, glidlfig ghbat-llko among the whares. Over®ow ts the woik of the mut daugbten i tbeir veils float dim androtsty ovbr all things, onjy as -^tbey move through the air; the vapour lifts and stfrt, ariditben1 behold the departed ones ! He whose eyes*r6 open «o the ehadowland, and whose fancy reads aright the omens of the future, gases with solemn eyes befere him. The "departed" fbadows themselves, they recline before bhadowy whares, and the recumbent forms and languid gestures ot the wrair.ns oetoicen peace and prosperity. Perchance he who looks sees a shadow war party, a mighty Tana, with naked forms ana wild gestures, with slender spears and "Mere-mere Pona mus," and in prescient anguish he utters low moans, knowing the Bign of war and murder. Another time the shadows are bowed down by unutterable woe, grief-stricken, and in the attitude of sorrow; they are evidently making tangi, and lo the sign of death, the shadow or the wings of Aerael -foils already, perhaps on him who, jwith still and solemn eyes, still gazes at the dying mists. Such is the legend of the miBts. When the mist-daughters have gathered their veils about them, and flitted away again under the, dark glooms of the fern gullies, vanishing In wreathed lightness from the now darkened flats, and away from the light of the silver stars, then vanish also the spirits, and be who saw them tells the sign unto his people, Che boding of good or evil, the fore-casting of the future. Was I not right in calling the idea beautiful! 