MOREB.A.gDRIVBLLING. We have, in the last two numbers, given our readers, and Catholic friends who favour us with a look, a pretty full expo sure of the reasons which induced the weak-minded Mr. Bamfield, B.A., Oxon, to renounce the Protestant Church and join the Romish one. As those reasons have been republished in Sydney by the " Catholic Truth Society," for the purpose of confirming " the faithful," and influen cing any ignorant and thoughtless Pro testant who may come in the way, ave have deemed it our duty to give them some at tention, although they are really not worth the space. The present article will con clude our notice. Mr. Bamfield having parted with his " private judgment " — the faithful guide which led him to the " true church " — is now prep.ared to do and to receive avhat- evor that church is pleased to command him. He has no longer any opinion — it is now Jaith : he has now nothing to search' for — having found the " true chiu'ch " he has henceforth nothing to do but to " hear the church !" Hence, here are his ma.xims "Tell it to the church, and it he will not hear the church, let him be to thee as an heathen man and .a jnibli- can and, again, " the church is the pillar and ground of the truth." We should like that all who liave still in their possession "private judgment" and their "common sense" would re.ad these two passages in their connexion. The one they will find in Mat. 18-17; and the other is I.Tim iii. 15. And as these are made to do duty on all occasions when the authority of the church is heinw alleged, it will be well that we get a correo't view of tliem. The first passage— " Tell it to the church." The connexion shows us that Christ was speaking of two brethren quar relling, the one " trespassing against the other." The one injured was to go to the trespasser and toll him his fault by hhnself alone. If the trespasser acknowledged the wrong and removed it, the brother would be " gained but if he would not have reason in this private way, two or tliree more were to be taken for the sake of wit nesses ; and if the trespasser would not do justice after such dealing as this, then the injured party wasinstrncted to "tell thecase to the church." Now the question is, what church ? Protestants say, the church or congregation of which the two persons interested were members : but Romanists say, and Mr. Bamfield says, the Catholic or Roman Church ! Now, we appeal to the common sense of every reader. At the time Christ spoke those words the ' Roman Church " did not exist. Not for long after did the Roman Church come into existence ; and the "Catholic Church," that is, the total church at the time con- sisted only of Christ and his Apostles, and a few disciples ! Many churches were established bejore the Roman Ghurch and in all these this law was in force, that if a trespassing brother would not listen to private reasoning, the case should he brought before the church— that is, the church or congregation of wliich the par ties concerned were members. Is it not, therefore, perfectly plain that the Protestant meaning has both truth and sense — " tell the case to the Church ; to to the company of which you both are members ; l!o the congregation in which you both worship?"— "The Church m.ay be large or small ; the Church at Jerusalem of five thousand — the Church at Ciesarea, at Antioch, at Corinth, at Ephesus, at any other place, or which meets in the private house of some disciple ; but whatever the Church of which both parties are members — tell it to that Church." But what says Mr. Bamfield ?—" tell it to the Holy Roman Catholic Church ! " "What ? If two brethren quarrel, one trespassing against the other, in St. Mary's, Sydney, the qn.arrel is to be told to "the Church" — the Holy Catholic Church ! But where is a man to find that Church? It avill .not do to say the Archbishop is the head of the Church in .Australia ; for to tell him is not to tell " the Catholic Church." Still; less will it do to say that the priest' is the representative and oflicer of the Chiirch; for to tell the pripst is not to tell the "Catholic Church." And yet this is the very drivelling which is indulged in by those who are perpetually saying "tdl the Church." If yon . ask them where is the Church that is to be told? they will answer the Archbishop, the BishQpj the Priest will do for the Church ; but this i.s simply a ludicrous device to get oyer 'an impossibility which proves the falseness of tlie Romish inteqiretation — " tell it to the Church." This passage, then, has nothing in it to support tlie absurd claim of the " Roman ' Church" to sole authority, andnothing in it to require that our private judgment should be yielded up to that Roman Church. No passage of scripture i.s plainer or more reasonable, as interpreted by the Protest ants ; but it is grossly " wrested" — it ia absurd — it enjoins what is impossible — as interpreted by Romanists. The other passage comes next. " That thou mayest kjiow how thou oughtest to behave thyscdf in the house of Cod, which is the Church of the living Cod, the jullar and ground of the truth." Now, the question is, wliat is the house of Cod here spoken of? What the Church of the living Cod ? And how is it the pillar and ground of truth? Mr. Bamfield and all Romanists im mediately answer, the " House of Cod" is the Holy Roman Church ; the " Church of the living Cod" is the Holy Roman Church ; and the pillar and ground of the truth is the Holy Roman Church becausi that Holy Romau Church is the only true Church in the world ! But there never was such gross assumption, and absurd; misinterpretation and wresting of the scripture as this. Timothy had nothing to do with the Holy Roman Church. He was principally concerned with the Church in Ephesus. It was as to that Church that he was instiucted how to behave him- 7 f. -Wfia iJinf virla-ir-.lt . -nvnM c/ri/LDV yriiivix fvaa' referred to as the " House of God." It was that Church which was the Church of the living Cod .spoken of. And it was to that Church to which the Apostle al luded when he called it the " pillar and ground of the truth." Not in all the paa- age is there the most distant reference to the Holy Roman Church, nor the most faint allusion to the atrocious claims of that Roman Church upon the conscicnco and faith of the world. We ajipeal to the common sense of every reader. Protestants give a most rational view of the meaning of the passage. Paul was instructing Timothy as to how he was to discharge his duty at Ephesus; he was to belip.ve liimself under a proper sense of the character in which he laboured ; he was to remember that the Church at Rphesus was the " House of God," aud the " Church of Cod ;" and, just as a " pillar" supports a house, or exposes to view any thing that may be nailed to it, and just as a " foundation" bears up the wall resting upon it, so the Church is for the purpoM of holding up and exjiosing and maintain ing the truth, in the midst of an ungodly and an unbelieving world. This is the ex planation of Protestants ; and we are per fectly sure that it is so plain and obvious that the most ordinary intelligence will accept and approve of it. The Oliurch at Eohesus. and everv true nimvAli where is the "House of God" and the " Churcli of the living Cod ;" but Roman ists assert that these are terms which apply only to the Holy Roman Churcli ! It is the function and duty of every Churcli every wlme to act as a pillar and a ground for the truth ; but Romanists claim that the only pillar and ground of the truth is the Holy Roman Church ! And while the passage most distinctly implies that the chief thing is the truth, Romanists make use of it to afiii'm that the chief thing is tlie " pillar," or the " foundation ;" so much so, that the truth is nothing, it cannot be approved of, it cannot be believed in, unless through the authority of the Holy Roman Church 1 To quote this passage as a proof that we should lay aside our 'private judo-- ment," and submit to the infallible au thority of the Holy Roman Church is so ridiculous that it is impossible to credit the Iionesty of the man who affects to do it. As well may it be quoted to proi e thatSt. Mary's, in Sydney, is aPriesfc's cow which gives milk ! It is absolute non sense when used as Romanists use it ; but as showing us what is the design of every true church, in any part of the world, viz., to act as a pillar and a foundation for the truth — liolding forth the truth, and holding it up, the passage is full of appropriatness and beauty, and besides a proof that the so-called. Holy Roman Church, because it is not an exhibitor and maintainor of the truth, is not any part of the House of Cod. ' We commend these remarks to the earnest consideration of thoughtful Roman- iste ; and of this ave are sure, that if they . will read the passages refeiT- ed to, in their proper connexion, they avill admit how grossly and shamefully they are deceived. And, then, avlien this is plain, a flood of light will come upon the other fraudulent assumptions of the Church of Rome. For instance, she claims to be the infallible interpreter of the trutli ! Mr. Ba.meield says that God the Holy Ghost has come down into the Holy Roman Church to guide it into all truth, that it should even know and teach the true meaning of the Bible ! But if this be so, is it not mon strous that that Church has never yet given to the world an infallible interpre tation of the meaning of the "Bible ? The world is perishing for lack of knowledge ; heresies are abounding through lack of the truth; 'Men are misinterpreting the Scriptures through the sinful " wanderings of the human mind ;" Pi'ot(?sianls are all astray as to the true meaning : and the holy Roman Church has the Holy Ghost to make .sure that She sliall always know and teach the true meaning ; and yet, in these days of cheap printing, that infallible Church has never given to the world 7/te frue meaning ; She lias never given 7/te true meaning of a smgle hook of the Bible, not of a single chapter, much less of the whole I "Did ever auy " pillar" anywhere or " basis" pi'ove falser than this to the ob ject of its existence?" Is hot such a fact, notwithstanding the boasting of " the Holy Roman Church" that the spirit dwells mth her, and that shall "always know and teach the true meaning," suf ficient to con vinco every reasonable mind that the boast is false, and that she has not given to the world the " true mean ing" simply because she is not able 1 The true meaning of Scripture is not very far to find ; and it is this, that the so called Holy Roman Church is "the mother of Harlots" — a " great Apostacy" — an " An tichrist" — " the man of sin and son of perdition ;" and of this, the Holy Roman Church is evidently conscious; forallherin- genuity has been put to the work of perverting Scripture and hiding the truth. 