NEWS OF THE WEEK ^ ? The Kapunda Herald states that a well-known farmer of Alma Plains has reaped 4,000 bushels from 300 acres of purely self sown land. The crop had when young been fed down, and the only expense incuried was that of harvesting it. The Northern Argus says : — ' A num ber of persons have pissed through Olare during the week, on their way to inspect the land in the Northern areas, with a view to settling there. ' We understand that Mr. Copeland ia contesting the election at East Ballarat, and as soon as the election is over, whether suc cessful or not, he is coming to Adelaide with the view of pushing on deep- sinking operations for gold on the Murray Flats. His political engagements prevented him from coming over with Mr. Smith. All the shares in the Com pany have, with the exception of iwo or three which were reserved for an Adelaide gentleman, been disposed of in Melbourne. On Wednesday, a little child between three and four years of age, belonging to Mr. Eelly, of Gawler South, had the tops of two fingers cut clean off by the slamming of a door. It was standing with one hand on the door post on Gne side of the room, when its mother opened the opposite do-.-r, causing the fiist one to close. The t -vo finger tops were pir ked up by the child's mother, and Dr. Popham being sent for, replaced them, with the ex pectation that they will unite. — Gawkr Times. The tenders for the Government 5 per cent, bonds lately placed in the market by the Treasurer were opened on Friday. Only two ?w ere received — one from the Savings Bank for the whole £9,000, at £97 IOs ; anl one from Mr. K. W. Andrews for £500, at £99. The la-ter was accepted, anl that from the Bai\k declined, the Government minimum being £98 10s. Ihe bonds bear interest from the 1st of January or this year, so that there is 16s. 8i. per cent, already due upon them. We are informed that when the Blanche was expected to arrive at Port Adelaide, the Committee of the Evangelical Alliance memo rialised His Excellency the Governor, respect fully asking him to use his influence with Uapt. Montgomerie to prevent the corvette being open to the reception of visitors on the Lord's «lay, on the ground that this day is set apart by all Christians for the worship of God, and that the good order of the comrnunity depended on its sacred observance. In reply, His Excel lency stated that he had 110 authority in the matter, and no right to use his influence. 1 he Committee theti memorialised the Captain of the Blanche on the ea'ne subject, to which no. answer has as yet been received. By the Coorong we have papers from Melbourne to the 2lst; Sydney, 16th; Laun ceston, 18th ; and Hobart Town to the 17th instant. On Thursday evening, February 23, a haudforne silver inkstand, from the establish ment of Mr. EL Steiner, was presented, by the assistants in the employ of Messrs. Peters and Martin, to the former gentleman, he having re tired from the firm. For a day or two past nmors have been afloat to the effect that Mr. O. E. Tide inann, auctioneer and member of the City Council, was missing. It was then reported that the police were anxiously looking after him on a grave charge which would necessita' e his ap pearance in the Supreme Couit. Although we heard the rumor, at the request of the police we refrained from mentioning it, as we were as sured that to give publicity tn it might interfere with the course of public justice. As, however, the subject has now become a matter of public notoriety, it would be mere affectation to act as if we were ignorant of it. We understand Mr. Tidemanu has been missing since Sunday last, and that the police havi not yet got any clue to his whereabouts. A public service in connection with the Bibl-i Christian district meeting was held in the Young-street Chapel, on Wednesday evening, when the Rev. J. Hancock preached the official sermon. He founded his remarks on a part of the 2ud verse of the 19.h chapfer of the Acts — ' Have ye Teceived the Holy Ghost?' The different titles of the Holy Spirit were first referred to, and then His attributes were dwelt upon. Appropriate passages of Scripture were pointed our, in which His omnipotence, omniscience, and omnipiesencc; were clearly proved. We needed aiore of tho Spirit, as experimental godliness was impossible apart from His presence. After the sermon the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to a large number communi cants. On the following morning the sittings were resumed at the appointed hour. A. reso lution was passed sympathising with the Rev. J. Way iu his f ailing health, a.ad expressing a high appreciation of his past labors. The greater part of the day was taken up in dis cussing the desirability of dividing those circuits which are tuo large to be satistactoiily w- rk^o'. On Thursday evening the Rev. J» R -ck preach d a sermon, taking for his text tha 1st Peter, i. chap., 1S-19 vei-ses. After a short introduttion, the preacher dwelt at considerable, length ou — 1st, the procuring cause of humaa redemption. He said it was '-rought before? them in a two-fold asp-ct, negative aud po itive, all the treasures of the earth, all its guld and silver were of no value in this gieat work ; tLey were bouglt with a price, but it was no less & pries than the blood of the 1 amb. ' Is was great to speak a world from nought, but greater to redeem.' The tr riscendent; i\ suits of this redemption were worfchv of the de-ne^t. mni;. tation. Two thoughts wtra chiefly dwell upoa — the beaving of Christ's aion eg death npon the moral government - f G-.d, and upon :he bight 35 interests of \he hutnau rsce. Duiing the sittings of the Distr;cS meet'ug ou the follow ing day, several matteis affect ng the iutere ts of the District were ea liestly discussed. A report of the spiritual s;ato of the different circuits was presented und careful y aud seriously considered, a_d a reso'u ion was passed expressing the opinion of the mee.in-' ihereon. Mr. A- J. Dickens, from IXiverina — a teon of the late world-renowned Charles Dickens —is now in Adelaide, staving, we belisve, at the York Hotel. A New South Wales black, named Jacky was committed for' trial at the Gawier . Court on. Tuesday for committing a rape upon u married woman at Onetree TTill. On Sunday, February 19, in a large number of churches thanksgivings were pre sented to Almighty God for the bountiful ! harvest with which the colony has been favored. Mr. J. W. Blake, of Port Adelaide, a very old and respected colonist, for many years past in business at Fort Adelaide, was suddenly eeieed with a fit on Sunday afternoon, and died en the same evening. We regret to learn that Mr. P. B. Cqg lin has suffered a stvere losa in his stabTe, his fine Ace of Clubs colt Stockwell, that he' lud lately shipped to Melbourne, having broken his leg, so rendering it necessary to shoot him. . ? On Saturday last a laborer named Isaac Hood, . was sunstruck about midday, while at work near the Adelaide Railway Station. Ho was conveyed to the Hospital, where he is recovering. The following is an extract from a letter received in. Adelaide from, the Riverina districts :— ' Polia, February 18. The river still keeps very high; it is now within 13 inches . of its highest mark during this flood.' The Chairman of the Destitute Board lias requested us to acknowledge with thanks the receipt from Mr. Courtney Oooke, -of Hindley-street, of the sum of £5, to be devoted to the purposes of the children of the Magill Industrial School. A child, two years of age, son of a nvan named Stewart, living at Beldivere, was seriously scalded on 12th Februaty by falling into a pan of not milk. It appears that the whole of the lower part of the body and the right hand were iirinersed. We learn that, by the order of His Lordship Bishop Short, Mr. J. Woodman, of Kundle-street, has shipped on board the Marie Elizabeth a harmonium, to be used at the Church of England services to be held in the Northern Territory. A reduction in the scale of water rates paid by persons supplied from the Port Ade laide and Extension Waterworks was approved by the Governor in Executive Council on the 16th instant, the reduced scale to come into force on Che 1st July of this year. On Sunday the clothes of a man were found on the beach between Glunelg and Brighton, but although every effort was made, no owner could be found for them. It is sup posed that the man whilst bathing must have been pulled down by a shark cr seized with a fit and drowned. At the election of female teachers for the Norwood Public School on Friday between 23 and 30 applications were received, from which the Committee selected two. There ara 50 girls already on the school books, and £0 more expected on Monday, so that the two teachers appointed will find ample employment. We are informed on the authority of a well-known Gawler resident that a party of three, consisting of Messrs. Costello, Watson, and another whose name had escaped our infor mant's memory, have for the past two months received £L5 ea^h per week, proceeds of their cement claim on the Barossa Diggings. We learn that the late heavy rains were rather partial in their visitation northward. While Port Augusta, Blinman, The Peake, and other places had regular floods, at Um beratana. there were only light showera. At Lake Hope the country was quite dry, and little or no wet fell at The Gums, a few miles from Beltana. It is understood from private advices received by the last mail that Mr. W. K. Simtns will return to the colony either by the P. & O. steamer due here in March or April, or by the Somersetshire. It is said that many of his friends and political supporters hope that Mr. Simms may be induced to contest the vacancy for West Torrens, caused by the re signation of the Hon. I-L B. T. Strangways. On Saturday afternoon Port Adelaide presented quite a lively appearance, owing to the attractions of H.M.S. Blanche, and the de parture of thefavorite Adelaide liner St. Vincent. This latter had hauled into the stream pre paratory to receive her passengers for Kngland and the Cape, and throughout the afternoon a very large number of passengers and their friends passed to and from the vessel, which during the evening was towed to the anchorage. His Excellency, accompanied by Captain Montgomerie, of U.M.S. Blanche, and some of the officers of that vessel, took a cruise to Yorke's Peninsula in the Governor's yacht, Edith, on Saturday. She returned to the moorings off the Semaphore Jetty, on Sunday afternoon, when the vice-regal party at once proceeded to town. We have been shown by Mr. Johnston, of the firm of Johnston & Furniss, a Parisian balloon-newspaper of the most recent date. It consists of a single sheet, about tbe size of a leaf of an ordinary tract, .and a tupplement about 4 inches x 2% inches, the latter closing with an advertisement of a rumor that an armistice had been signed of which the main conditions were the revicfcualling of Paris, and referring the question of adjustment of territory to a congress. It appears that the ancient and loyal town of Gawler is favored with the latest intelligence of importance respecting the Royal family. Tbe Gawler Times says — 'We are informed, on the authority of a private letter by the mail just arrived, that the Princess Beatrice — Her Majesty's youngest daughter, just 14 years of age — is engaged to the Marquis of Westminster, the wealthiest nobleman in England, said to have an income of a guinea a minute.' A few meetings ago the Central Road Board passed a resolution that all tenders would be considered informal unless the prices tendered at were written in words as well as in figures. Notwithstanding this regulation was embodied in the specifications for works to be let, a con siderable number of the tenderers who have put in for those works have neglected to comply with the rule, and their tenders have in con sequence been rejected as informal. Mr. W. Silver, of Carrington-street, baking-powder maker, has shown us a specimen of paper boxes of his own manufacture, in which he places his powder. These boxes, which he regards as a new industry, are strong, and pre sent a neat appearance ; but their peculiar qua lity is, that however long the powder may re main in them they will not have the least in jurious effect upon it. We believe it is Mr. Silver's intention to exhibit some of these articles at the forthcoming Show. We regret to hear ; that the injuries the Assistant Architect (Mr. G. T. light) received to his thumb a few -3ays ago when on a visit of iuspection of the jetties and lighthouses in the South, in company with the Treasurer and Commissioner of Public Works, have been found to be of so serious a nature as to necessitate the amputation of the first joint, which operation took place on the morning of 20th. The patient, who is under the care of l)rs. Campbell and Miller, is progressing favorably. A correspondent sends us the following interesting' information : — A man known to our corrofpi/udeat has just arrived at Gawler from the North, ?where he has been fencing on Mr. Chciving's run. He states that the cook of a survey party, now at work on a neighboring run (Mr. Hiles's), amuses liinisslf in his leisure time by prospecting, and has found some nice lots of good shotty gold as large as shotty wheat. Besides this amateur digger a man named Pare in three days washed four ounces of splen did goM out. of a creek 15 miles from the inn at Mount Bryan. ' Our correspondent' is not able to say whether this find has any c'onneetion! with the reported discovery in the .Uorth, for which ft re sraird' has been claimed froni the Government. At the exhibitfon of live stock, at Oxford, in the past year, the second pries of £15 for Hunters.(mare or gelding) was awarded, to Ace of Clubs, chesnut gelding, bred by J. Hempson, Esq ; Ewarton Hall, Ipswich; sire, Ace of Clubs ; dam, Kitty. Those who remem= ber that grand sire, the best ever imported into Australia, will not have forgotten that besides his ucdeniable racing points he had quite 'the appearance of a horse up to 16 st. with fox hounds, while he was a much more fashionable horse than either his sire Stockwell or his own uncle Rataplan, both of whom were rather vulgar looking. . . ?? ' ? At the Metropolitan Intercolonial Ex hibition held at Sydney last year, Mr. Joseph Gillard, of the Sylvania Vineyard in this, colony, exhibited six samples of . South' Aus tralian wine, five of which took prizss. Mr. Gillara has received from the Committee of ?fche Exhibition two nandsome prize medals, one for red wines and the other for white, the sam ples being declared'to be of excellent 'quality. |Ie has also received three beautifully lithographed certificates of merit for other classes of wine exhibited, and which were highly spoken of for their excellence. Both medals and certificates as works of art are highly creditable to the artists, and make handsome pictures. We congratulate Mr. Gillard on the valuable recognition he his obtained of the excellent qualities of his wines. 'On Sunday evening,' Pebraary 12, says the Gumeracha Guardian, '* some, scoundrels perpetrated an act on the Wil liamstown-road from Gawler, which might have caused — as must have been designed— Ha serious accident. A melon had been scooped out and holes cut — after the fashion of the old turnip lantern — to represent the eyes, nose, and mouth of the human face. This con trivance, with a lighted candle about three inches long inside, was placed in the centre' of the road about two miles from Williamstown just before dark. Fortunately some gentlemen travelling from Gawler -saw it before any mis chief was done, and kicked it off the road. It would be well if the rasoals who could : plan' such a piece of downright mischief could he detected and awarded their deserts.' ' The following is from the Southerk Argus: — 'An accident, which might have proved fatal, occurred at the works at Second Valley Jetty on the 14th inst. From what we can learn, the circumstances attending it were;: — The woodwork of the new jetty has been con structed on shore, and on Tuesday last the men were engaged taking it to pieces for the pur pose of floating it out; to the place where it has to be fixed, when one of the main staySj which was being looped, slipped and fell, striking one of the carpenters (ftlr. Kitson, s?n.) on the back of tha head, and but f-T tile stuy coming in contact with a huge sto.ie, must have killed him. As it Was, Mr. Kitson received a nasty braise on the back of his head, and also got hiB forehead cut by falling against one of the piles. We are pleased to say the sufferer is progressing favorably.' On Saturday afternoon, February 18, a swimming match between Mr. H. Staines and Mr. H. Keinpson for the championship of the colony, a 6ilver cup presented by Mr. Ste'ner, and a sum of money, took place at the City Bath?. The distance was 24 lengths of the Baths (about 500 yards), and shortly after 3 o'clock, the hour of starting, the competitors appeared. Both are very muscular young fel lows, ^and a close contest was anticipated. Mr. Chapman started tkem, and they got' away well together; but after the first length Staines com menced to take the lead, which he- gradually increased to half the length of the bath, and so won. Time, 10 minutes 12 seconds. Some of those present thought that Keinpson did not exert himself much, and that he occupied too much time in turning at the end of the batht Messrs. Hagedorn and. C. J. Lawrence acted as Judges, and Mr. Cbapman as Starter, and there was a fair attendance. A general rush in fol lowed. The Primitive Methodists at Greenwith held their chapel anniversary February 19 and 20\. Appropriate ssrinons were preached, on Sunday by the Revs. J. K. Ferguson and J. H. Williams. Congregations excellent. On Mon day the usual tea was well patronised. An in teresting public meeting followed, presided over by Mr. C. Watson, and addressed by Revs. J. B. Ferguson, J. H. Williams, and Mr. J. H. Barnden. The Salisbury Primitive Methodist choir rendered excellent service. Miss Litch field presided at the harmonium. Total pro ceeds, about £19. The following is a return of the number of cases heard in the Police Court, Adelaide, during the year 1870 : — Summary Jurisdiction — Convictions ? 2,178 Dismissals ? 296 Not proceeded in ? 353 ? 2,827 Preliminary Investigations — Committed to Supreme Court 102 Dismissals ? 163 ? 265 Minor Offences Act — Convictions ? 76 Acquittals ? 9 \- 85 Larcenies by hoys under 16 — Committed toIndustrialSshool 27 — 27 Total cases heard ? 3,204 On Tuesday evening, February 21 as the 6.15 train from the Port was near ing Bowden, the engine-driver saw a man with a dray and two horses approaching the Brompton crossing. He sounded tl caution-whistle, and the teamster endea vored to turn his horses aside, but they proved obstinate, and the engine caught the leader and threw it several yards from the line, killing it instantly. The second horse met its death, it is suppesed, by the buffer striking it on the head. The dray sustained little or no damage, and happily the driver escaped without injury. We have received from Mr. Woodman a new National Song for Australia, ' the words written by Frederick Griffin, of AnaMe, and the music by J. L. Hatton, who has .written ' many pretty and popular ballads. National songs cannot be made to order, but grow as the result of circumstances. Our own. National Anthem, the French Marsellais, the American Yankee Doodle, and other national songs owe their existence to accident. Perhaps till Aus tralia gets a better national song Mr. Griffin's may answer the purpose for Victoria. South Australia has her own already. The music is simple and pretty, with, of course, a chorus, as a national song should have.' Some of the settlers on Torke's Peninsula met with a disappointment last week in connection with the Governor's trip in the yacht Edith. It appears that His Excellency sent an intimation to Mr. Fowler of Pentonville that he would; with several officers of the Blanche, pay him a visit on Monday, and if possible en joy a kangaroo hunt. Accordingly Mr. Fowler made every preparation, and there was a large gathering of horseinen to receive Her Majesty's representative and bis guests, and join the anti cipated sport, but His Excsllency did not put in an appearance. Our informant states that the yacht was seen aground ou a sandbank be tween Cape de Mole aad Point Giles on Sun day evening, but thi3 is certainly a inisfcak % as the vice-regal party were back in the yaoht at the Semaphore on Sunday afternoon. Three German waggons loaded with flour from Mr. Davey's mill, Peorice, -passed through Truro on the 36th February about 4 p m. The drivers had been indulging rather too freely in colonial wine, and were driving nearly jaail speed. About a mile and a half from Tniro they ran into a fence and bioke three panels. Besides this, they struck a tele graph pole and brought it to the greuud. They proceeded on their mad career, and came in e intact with another pole,' which,' however, was too strong for^them. They had to. put *-aJck .and pick up cargo at several- places on the road where -th'ey 'had 6'halten off their bags, the fall .bursting,, rthem, and, leaving a great deal of flour on, the ground* One whole bag was picked Up by a carter and brought back through Truro. Such furious driving ought to *-e visited with punishment, for it endangers other lives besides those of the inebriated offenders. On Friday the Rutland, 1,104 tons, was taken, on the Dunniker slip for survey and re pairs., of metaL . -The nature of. the repairs, which are very slight, had -been ascertained, and it wds intended to haul her up a few feet further before finally leaving her for tbe night. The: vessel having been so easily managed throughout with the1 single purchase induced Mr. Fletcher to neglect his usual precaution of putting on .the double purchase after the vessel is clear of the water, and_ unfortunately, one of the rods gave way, atid in so doing the jerk caused the palls to fail catching the' ratches, and in consequence the ship performed an in voluntary.l&uncb.; ?without receiving any damage. The - anchor, however, in the hurry . of the moment, was let go^ before the ship was tho roughly clear of the cradle, by which the latter sustained a trifling damage, which can be_ easily repaired in a few hours. Before the arrival of the -harbor pilot, a' boat's crew of H.M.S. Blanche, assisted to take the. ship clear of the cradle, and kindly volunteered further assist ance, which, 'however; was not required. . .; On ^Thursday night a serious accident (notice of which, has already appeared among pur telegrams) happened at Goolwa. A man named Frank Harriot, .a brother-in-law of Mr. Thomas Dodd;'of the Goorong, \fras staying at' the Australasian Hotel waiting for some cattle to bring into, town. During' the. night he had occasion to get sig, when he walked through !a doorway at thee end of a passage on the ;second~ floor, and fell io the' groun 3, a distance of 15 or 16 feet, on to the hard pavement below. He was so severely injured as to be unable to. rise, and-asnoone heard his cries he. remained there till morning, when Mr. Sumner found him and assisted him into the house. Dr. Maclachlan was called in, and found him suffer ing very severely from injuries in the region of the hip and back ; he was unable, however, to : ascertain ©n Friday the real nature and extent of the hurt. which he had sustained; The door through which he fell; was not level with the floor, and was fastened, but there was no guard outside I and Harriot stateB that in his drowsi ness he thought he was on the ground floor. On Tuesday evening an accident hap pened to the Strathalbyn coach coming down to Adelaide. When near the Mountain Hut,, the leading horses were 'startled by a pool of 'water on the road, and instantly dashed on to the right-hand embankment, half-capsizing the coach, and throwing the outside' passengers, nine in number, on the bank. The driver, who Used his utmost endeavors to stop the horses, was pitched head foremost between the leaders and wheelers, fortunately escaping without any more injury than a severe shaking. Some of the outside passengers -were'severely injured, and Mr. T. P. Jones, of Olenelg, was kindly driven by the coachman to the residence of the Kan. J. H. Barrow, Parkside, where Dr. Mclntyre was sent for to his assistance, and found one or two. ribs broken. The necessary assistance having been, rendered, Mr. Jones was enabled to' return home. Altogether it was a narrow escape for many persons, as the total number of passengers was 18 ; and had the. horses swerved to the . left- instead ' of to the . right nothing could have saved the coach from being dashed to piece?. The annual meeting of the. Juvenile Missionary Sooiety, in connection with the Fiinders-street Presbyterian Sabbath-school, was held on Monday evening* Februarv 20. There was a very good attendance, the majority being young people. On assembling in the yard the children and friends were supplied with fruit, after, partaking of which an ad journment was made to the Church, when the chair was taken by the Rev. J. LyalL The Chairman having introduced the business, the Treasurer, Mr. Stanford, read the balance sheet for the past: year; by 'which it ap- . peared that after payment of sundry ex penses a .balance of £15 16s. remained in hand for distribution. Mr. J. H. Angas then moved that the amount be divided as follows :— New Hebrides Mission, £10; City Mission, £2 18s. ; and Aborigines' Friends' As sociation, £2 . 18s. Mr. W. S*. Moir seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Theifev. Dr. McDonald, of Emerald Hill, Melbourne, then delivered an excellent address to the young people present, urging upon them the importance in the first place of immediately surrendering their own hearts to the Saviour, and then seeking, by all the means in their power, to aid in the salvation of others. In conclusion, he pressed home to them the claims of the mission vessel Dayspring. The Rev. J. Davidson, of Chalmers Church, also shortly addressed the children, after which a collection was made, and the meeting was brought to a close in the usual manner. On Tuesday evening, February 14, an entertainment, was given in Barker's Store, Goolwa, in aid of the funds of Goolwa Church. The Very Rev. Dean Eussell, from Adelaide, gave a lecture — or rather a simple colloquial address^-of his reminiscences of England, during a recent visit to the old country. The Dean spoke of the wonderful increase of popu lation in London in recent years, the marvel lous development of the railway sy stem, and other London improvements, and then he proceeded to refer to the great work which, he said, was being done in England by the Established Church in reviving religion,' and in extending Missionary, Philanthropic, and Educational Institutions. In the course of the evening there was vocal and instrumental music, which was given by lady and gentleman amateurs re sident in the district. The programme included the following pieces: — Gleo, ? *' -Swiftly from the Mountain Brow :' dust, voice and cornet ; duet, 'I know a Bank;' duet, 'The Sailor Sighs ;' glee, ' See, the Chariot ;' eong, ' May Dew;' glee, 'Hark, the Lark.' Mr. J. Thorneley, J. P., presided,' and the meeting; which was fairly attended, concluded with a vote of thanks to those ladies and gentlemen who had taken part in the entertainment, and the singing of the National Anthem. The annual general meeting of the members of the Hindmareh District Library and Mechanics Institute was held on Thurs day ? evening, February 16. There was a large attendance, and the Rev. S. L. Hams presided. The Secretary read the report, which stated that the Average number of subscribers for the year had been 86, an increase of eight on the preceding year ; the total income was £179 83. 6d., that of 1869 being £239 9s. 9d. ; and the Government grant in aid had been £29 10s., while' in 1869 the amount voted was £89 6s. 3d. A hundred and twenty-eight new books had been added during the year, and the library now consisted of 2,285 volumes. Every endeavor had been made to purchase books so far as the funds would admit.' Many of the books were, much worn, and would have to be replaced. There had been fourteen committee raeetings.two special general meetings (for the purpose of bringing the Institute under the Incorporate Act and to amend rules), and three SabCom mittee meetings to arrange entertainments, &c.; , all of which had been well attended. A peti tion to Parliament for funds towards the erec tion of a new Institute had 700 signatures ap pended to it, and when a suitable tinia arrived it would be presented. The issue of books had been 231 less than the preceding year, but the readers of magazines had increased, owing doubtless to the amount of general information contained in them. No classes had been held during the year, and little help had bern re ceive 1 from lectures or entertainments, not withstanding tho energetic action of the Com mittee aud Sub-Committee. The subscrip tions were in excess of what they had been for some 3 ears. The Audi tors' repoit was also read. Mr. W. J. Verco moved, and Dr. Elphick seconded', the adoption of the reports. Carried unanimously. The election of officers was then proceeded with, and the following was the result:— Messrs. T. Lees, President (re- elected)},. W. Wyatt, Vice-President } J. Pickering, sen., Treasurer; and B. Burt, Secretary* Mr. Lees,' returning thanks for being again elected Presi dent, tea 'ifted as to 'the ready 6o'Operation of the offcSrs, and intimated that he would rather some one else had been chosen, as he felt that he could not devote the time which he thought the duties of the office reduired. A ballot to fill the vacancies occasioned by the ..retirement; of Directors was taken, Messrs. J. i-ager and T. McKay acting as scrutineers. The Revs. S. L. Harris and H. M. Pollitt, Dr. Eiphick, and Messrs. H. Hunwick, J. Barrons, W. Angel, J. Hockings,C. Taylor, J. Bold, W. J. Verco, and R. Whiting. Messrs. J. Leager and T. McKay were appointed Auditors for the ensuing year. The meeting closed with hearty votes of thanks to -the ..reiiring Directors and the ? Chairman. ? The annual general meeting of thcf members of. the :Athelstohe Institute was held a few days ago, for. the purpose of hearing the report of the Building Committee and electing officers for the ensuing year. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Silke occupied the chair. The Secretary read the report of the progress which~nad been made with the building. The first contract was- taken by Mr .Richards, who put up the shell of ^e build ing, in - a very . creditable and' wormanlike manner. Mr. Bundey, being successful in obtaining the second contract for £245, has now nearly finished the remainder of the work — in fact he is carrying out the architect's (Slessre. English & Rees) neat plan extremely welL The Committee congratulated the members oa the , success of a petition to Parliament, by which £150 had been obtained to supplement a like amount already raised by subscription. In con clusion, the Committee acknowledged the assistance received from the many friends' of the Institution, . especially' mentioning the liberality of Mr. A. F. Boord, who lent £100 at a time. when it was very .much needed. The Auditors' report was also read, from which it appeared that £260 -had been paid 'on the building, while £100 was still owing. The adoption, of the reports was carried unani mously. The election of officers was then proceeded with, and the following was the result: — Mr. H. E. Downer, President; Mr. Silke, Vice-Presidenifc ; Mr. J. Miller, Trea surer ; Mr. A. Fox, Secretary ; and Messrs. A. Walters and: Russell were elected Auditors. The meeting closed with, hearty Votes of thanks to the President and the retiring officers* Oa Wednesday the Marie Elizabeth got fairly away for Port Darwin, with her cargo of stores and live stock for the Government and the contractors for the northern portion of the overland telegraph. The vessel takes telegraph material, 20 horses for Messrs. Darwent and Dalwood, and nine for the Government, four horses intended for Captdn Douglas's establish ment being shut out through want of room. Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood's stock are all mares, of as fine a stamp as were ever exported from the colony. It is intended by these gen tlemen when -their contract is over to establish a horsebreeding station on the north coast, a light-bred entire having; been sent over for that purpose by a previous ship. Their idea is to rear carriage and artillery horses for I he Indian market, which can be reached in about 18 days from Port Darwin. The horses and part of the stores will be landed at Palmerston, and tbe previsions and . telegraph material for the con tractors will be placed on board the Gulnare and taken to the Boper. With reference te complaints of private parcels being refused ac commodation on board tbe Marie Mizabeth, we are informed that only some large parcels were shut out, and they could not betaken, the vessel being crammed with cargo. On Tuesday, February 21, Dr. Fisher, J.P., held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital da the body of Mary Gearey, of near Cox's Creek, who died from the effects of a fall from her cart on the previous day. A Jury of thirteen having been sworn, and Mr. J. Jones chosen foreman, the fol'owing evidence was taken : — John Gearey, laborer, husband of deceased, said bis wife left him in good health on the; previous morning with the intention of walking to Adelaide, islie was not given to drinking. Edward May, servant to previous witness, stated that he was proceeding home with deceased, and when between the Green Dragon and the Turf Hotel she stopped and asked him to put the seat up. While he was complying with her request she sat on the corner of the cart. The horse moved on,' and the deceased fell out of the vehicle with her face towards the ground. He got out im mediately to assist her, and found that the wheel had passed over her back. A man who was passing at the time assisted him to put her ialo the trap, and he drove her to the Hospital. She could not walk or stand, and seemed in great pain, but could not speak distinctly. Samuel Hatching Ellison, Junior House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, said' the deceased was admitted into the Hospital at about 2.30 p.m. Had her removed into the consulting room, and after gasping a few times she expired. Had not made a post-mortem examination, and there fore he could not state the exact cause o£ death. The jury, after a brief de'iberation, returned the following verdicfc : — 'That the death of Catherine Geary was caused by her accidentally falling from a spring-cart on the Glen Osmond-road, on Monday, February 20, 1871. There was a fair audience at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening to welcome Mr. Cotterell back to Adelaide after his country tour, although, with the attraction presented, we are bound, to siy a larger attec dance might have been expected. Mr. Cotterell went through his pleasing and diverting entertainment with great spirit, and elicited loud applause. He is a true artist, who, ina very' short time, has won his spurs as an accomplished knight of the boards. The management had provided a second and great attraction in the person of Miss Amelia Bailey, a lady who, nine years ago, produced a great impression on Adelaide audi ences by her superior vocalization. This lady has an exquisitely clear, beautiful voice, pure in all its notes as a silver bell, and, since her for mer visit here, she has wonderfully improved in thorough artistic culture. Her first appearance on the stage on Wednesday evening was greeted with loud applause, and when her clear, re fined, and sweet voice rang out the notes of' 'Thee only I Love,' her success was at once' secured. She wa3 called back, and gracefully bowed her acknowledgments to the audience. Hsr next song of ' Molly Asthore' was ren- : dered with both spirit and pathos, and on being encored, Miss Bailey repeated the last verse. ' But her great triumph was in Farmer's song, ' I'll Follow Thee.' None but an accomplished vocalist wou'd attempt this song, and we need only say that Miss Bailey sang it with such taste, precision, and effect as to lead to an im perative encore, to which she responded by singing ' Merrily over the Snow,' a pretty little German song. On Friday night, about 10 o'clock, the newly-opened chaff mill, belonging to Messrs. Lumber & Matters, situated in Glanville, was totally destroyed by fire. The building, which was built of galvanized iron, contained the machinery, about four tons of hay and chaff, harness, and a quantity of bagging. Th4 fire was seen first to shoot up through the roof at one of the corners, and in a very few minutes, as may be imagined from the iufl untnabie nature of the materials, the whole inside of the building was a complete furnace. Within an hour the sides and roof had fallen in, and only a heap of burning deb f is remained. Shortly after the fire was seen, a company of men arrived from H.M.-S. Blanche, and attempted to smother the names, but it was found impossible to do so. The, way in which the men of the war vessel turned out was admirable. They were in the pitinace with their fire engine and a large coil of rope, had disembarked at the Poit liridge, and were on the scene of the fire within five minutes of the call of the watch. The police were also immediately on the spot, and a large concourse of spectators was soon at tracted. A person living in the neighborhood fortunately arrived ia ti uc to cut loose the horses, which would otherwise have been burnt. The origin of tbe fire is not known; There is a eamp of blacks in the neighborhood, and it. has been suggested that; some., of .them might have been tbe eaus\ At present;, however, nothing, has occurred that points buspicioii a -ainst them. Messr'. Lumbers and Matters left the building apparently in Safety about 6 o'clock. The pro perty was insured ia the Edui able Office for We regret to state that a very sad occurrence took place yesterday evening (Thurs day) in Itapunda; Mrs. Hobby (wife of a man engaged in Mr. Adamson's yard, and who lives , in one of the adjoining cottages) having cut her throat very dangerously whilst laboring under a state of mental depression.. It appears that for 'the last two years Mrs. Hobby (who was formerly a very active woman) has been constantly ailing, and about six months since had a severe paralytic stroke, by which her left side has been rendered quite useless. She went to fche Hospital, from wHich she retiirned about five weeks back, and since that time ha3 only been able to stand - r move about by holding on to the table, chairs, &c.; Her eyes gilt w-js also so much impaired that she could not read, and her force I inactivity preyed greatly on her mind; but no fear was entertained of her attempting to make away with' herself. Yesterday afternoon her girls hai lifted her wp by the table, so that she ojuld'st -nd as a relief from the sitting posture, and then they went into the bedroom to clean themselves. Whil t they were there she, for the first time since her return from the Hospital, managed to get along the table to tho cupboard in' the corner, where her husband kept his razors, and1 With her, right hand she inflicted two deep cuts in her throat about two inches. long*=rone qf which nearly severed the windpipe, but fortu nately missed the great arteries. This morning Mrs. Hobby is in a very Critical position, the great loss of blood' having left her ao weak. Greal sympathy is felt far the family, who of late have been peculiarly unfortunate as regards sickness and accidents. —Kapunda Herald. ,The annual District Meeting of the Bible Christian Church commenced its sittings in Young-street Chapel, on Wednesday, 22nd February, at 2 p.m. On the day previous the p-stors of the various stations met to examine - the accounts of the district, so as to be able to lay any important matters requiring discussion before the district meeting. The meeting having been duly formed, the Chairman (Eev. J. Way) feelingly ref prred to the fact that he was about to retire from the position of Chair man. Hi« mind was carried back to the time when he' was requested by the Missionary Com mittee in England to establish a mission in this colony. More than 20 years had passed away since then, and he was thankful for the strength and grace which God had given him, and for the assistance which he had received from the brethren. His declining health compelled him to resign his office, which he had held during the greater part of the past 20 years, but he hoped that the support which the brethren had accorded to him would be continued to. his suc cessor. He then gave place to Kev. J. Ash ton, who — having been nominated by the last dis trict meeting, and his nomination having been confirmed by the English Conference — took the chair. He said his first duty was to thank them for the honor they had conferred upon him. He felt ' a responsibility and seriousness in succeeding one who had filled the chair so long and so worthily — he asked their forbearance and assistance. Their Church, though less than some others, was yet a part of the Church ; a fact which larger Churches sometimes forgot. Size was not necessarily a symbol of superiority. We bad had a great work to do both at home and elsewhere, and in some degree had done it. Let not partial failure discom age them, for high and holy aims could not but advance the interests of their race if joined with intelligent effort. They should be candid in their business, but let them be cour.ieou- as well. Let them every one respect each other's motives, and in all things let them honor the Lord Christ. The Rev. T. Piper was then Unanimously elected District Secretary. The Kev. J. Stoyel was appointed journalist, and) Rev. R. Bandt, copyist ; the Rev. R. Lang to prepare abstract of proceedings for the press. After a few other preliminaries had been arranged, the meeting adjourned till the following day at 9 a. in. An inquest was held in the Court House, Port Adelaide, on Monday, February 20, before Mr. E. J. Peake, P.M., and a Jury, on the body of an infant which was found that morning on Lefevre's Peninsula, near th« river bank. The Coroner intimated to the Jury that he hid considered it necessary to order a post-mortem, examination to be made. After the body had beea viewed in the Police Cell, the following evidence was adduce 1: — Robert Gething, M.D., Edin., deposed that he had examine^ the bo-Iy of the child lying in the dead-house. It was that of a full-grown female child. The body was very much decomposed. Considering the decomposition could not detect an external injury in any part ; but the scalp was exceedingly distended, with the bones of the head perceptibly floating in some fluid. He then made au incision through the scalp into the brain cavity, and found it filled with watery braiu matter, much decomposed. Took out the bones forming the roof of the skull, but found no evidence of violence. Then opened the cavity of the chest and found the lungs distended with air to the 1 pleural space. A portion of the lungs floated in 'the water, but in his opinion the air they con tained was the result of decomposition. The surface of the lungs wai studded with bladders, such as would result from decomposition and not from natural reapira-ion. He had not exa mined the stomach, in consequence of the gene ral de composition which had taken place. In consequence of the decomposed state of the body he was not in a position to give a de cided opinion as to whether the child was born alive. By the Coroner — Would have gleaned no evidence from the stomach being opsned. Robert Simpson, carter, stated that he found the body about half-past 9 o'clock that morn ing, close to the river, on Lefevre's Penin sula. It was lying at the water's edge, near Mr. Jenkins's premises, below high water mark. Informed s, person in Mr. Torakins's shed, and the police were sent for. Francis Partil, ^rpenter, in the employ of Mr. Jenkins, stated his attention was called to the body of a child, and he sent for the police. The body was naked. Saw no tracks or foot marks near. It appeared as though it had been left there by the tide. John Ewison, police constable, stated that he went to Lefevre's Peninsula, on the information received, and found the body of the child in the position de scribed by the previous- witness. The Jury, after a little deliberation, found 'That the body 6f the female child now lying dead was found on the river bank, below high- water mark, by Robert Simpson, but the Jury cannot from the evidence form an opinion as to whether it was born alive or not.' On Monday evening, February 20, an entertainment in aid of the funds of St. Luke's School was given in the' schoolroom, Whitmore-square. There was a fair attendance, and the Very Rev. Canon Russell, presided. The first part of the programme included a duet on the piano and violin, the songs 'The Bonny Hills of Scotland,' ' Still so Gently,' ' Barney O'Hea,' and a duet 'Hark o'er the Sea,' by lady amateurs, and well given readings by the Rev. Canon Dove, Mr. J. W. Downer, and Mr. C. B. Young. The Chairman then said the next part of the business was not on the programme. He bad been requested to present tha Rev. Mr. Marshall with a gold watch, a testimonial from the ladies of the congregation of St. Luke'a Church. (No.) Who said no? Did Mr. Boucaut say no? Mr. Boucaut said it was not he that called out. It was some one at tbe back. Still he was ready to support that negative. The Chairman asked if Mr. Boucaut said that was not a tes timonial from the ladies of the church, because if he did he was saying that which was not true. He would like to add his testimony to Mr. . Marshall's goodness and unfailing kindness, although he had met with much oppo sition. Certainly there was no clergymaa iu the diocese who had done his duty better than Mr. Marshall, and he had very grsat pleasure in handing him thiswatch, which testified to the es teem in which he was generally held. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Marshall said he should look on the present wltfi prMe and affection^ and the memory of their kindness would: live within him throughout his life: (Applatfse.) ; .Mr. Boucaut then rose, and. addressing .the; Ciiair mi«, said he had said th^ttbls watch was a pre sent by the Ifl lies of the congregation. ('Sit down.') At the time he heard avoiceatthe back ? (Confusion.) TheChairmansaidMr.Boucaut was out of order. He was too late to move an amendment,- atid he ruled him. out of order. Mr. Broofcs here rose, and said Mr. Boucaut was out of order; and his Conduct ?Was unmanly. (Confusion.) The Chairman said; he waf Chair man of the meeting, and he wished to have order. He had said that the watch wds pre sented by ladies of the congregation, and that was correct, and he -wO'tfld call oh the audience to support- him. (Applause.) Mf. Bpttcaut — There are not sir' male adults in tBe rooi& (Order.) The Chairman — He hears it is pre sented by ladies of the congregation, and yet he says there are not six th≤ adults here. (Order. ) By direction of the Chairman1 the programme was then proceeded with. The lattef part con sisted of songs by lady amateurs, and a read ing by ? Mr. Downer, a recitation by Mr. F. Wbitingten, and a solo on the concertina by Mr. A. J. DidiUdnA. On the motion of Mr. Boucaut a unanimous Vote of thanks' was accorded the performers for their services during the even ing, and the entertainment, which was a most enjoyable one, except for the slight contretemps above narrated, terminated. A meeting of the Committea for the Suppression of Nuisances in and around Ade laide was hell at the Counoil Chamber, Town Hall, on Wednesday morning, February 22. There were 20 gentlemen present. It being the first generalmeeting of the Committee the Hon. ^edretaTy (Town Clerk) intimated that it would be necessary io eteet a permanent Chairman. His Worship the Mayor tit Adelaide (Mr. J. M. Solomon) remarked that he had taken a very prominent interest in the Blatter, in framing resolutions, 2nd obtaining informatics, and he thought for many rsawms that it would be better if some gentleman not con3es'ted with' a Municipal or District Councilbody were elected. Upon the motion of His Worship, Mr. W. C. Bulk was unanimously appointed Chairman, His Worship observed that no doubt the Com mittee were impressed with the importance of the subject and the advantages which in the future would accrue to the city if effective steps were taken in the matter. Whilst it was the duty ol the Committee to frame laws for the preservation of health and comfort of the people, they would in attain ing this object, however, do it with as little injury to private citizens as possible, but it would be necessary that the first principle~for consideration should be the pre-= servation of the health of the people. What ever they did would have to be general ifl ordet that their end might be attained. He men tioned that all the District Councils had con sented to be represented on the Com mittee, except that of Estst Torrens, which hai declined upon the mO3t ex traordinary ground, viz, that because they were hot aware of any nuisance in their district, ' they did not wish to be represented in a matter with the importance of which, he thought, the whole colony must be impressed. He quoted from Krep'p1 oil Sewage, showing the manifold benefits arising from the proper ap plication of sewage, and then proposed^ 'That in order to give practical effect to the resolutions carried by the last meeting, a Sub-Committee, consisting of the following gentlemen : Messrs. J. M. Solomon, Mayor of Adelaide ; M. Kingsborough, Mayor of Kensington and Norwood ; the repre sentatives of the following District Councils: — Messrs. Hunwick (Hind marsh), Cherry (Walkerville), J. Paxton (Stepney), Easther (Mitcham), Powell (West Torrens), Soward (Burnside), the Hons-. J. H. Barrow and T. English, M.L.C.'s, Messrs. D. Murray, M.P., W. C. Buik, and W. H. Charnock be appointed, a'jd that it be an instruction to such Committee to prepare a Bill to submit to Parliament, containing such clauses as may be necessary to suppress all and every nuisance which may be found to be in jurious to the ^ health or comfort of the in habitants within the various Municipal or Dis trict Councils of the colony.' Mr. M. Goode seconded the resolutioDj which was carried. Mr. M. Kingsborough (Mayor of Kensington and Norwood) moved ' That the Sub-Committee shall submit the result of their labors to th6 General Committee, which, upon being approved by them, shall be again submitted by the different members of that Committee to the Councils of the vaTious districts represented by them, and after such approval the Government and the members representing each district shall be urged to give their support to any measure so approved.' Mr. G. Soward seconded. Carried. On the motion of Mr. W. H. Charnock, seconded by Mr. J. M. Solomon, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, and the meeting terminated. ' Young Womanhood ' was the subject of a lecture delivered by Miss Thorne in the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin street, on Friday evening, February 17. There, was a fair attendance, and Dr. Campbell pre sided. The lecture was an excellent one, and was delivered with much fluency and grace of diction. In commencing Miss Thorne com mented on the fact that there were societies and organizations for the helping froward of young men in the business of life, yet no such institutions existed for the benefit of the other sex, whose place in the race of life should be side by side with man, and who should have an education befitting that station. She then went on with the first part of the lecture under the head of dangers women were likely to fall iuto. The first of these dangers was fri volity, which she condemned, pointing out that it was possible to dignify the least action in their lives — to make their owa lives great by their grandeur, of thought. She next alluded to the undue love of dress possessed by most women, admitting that this was a great fault. She did not condemn the following of fashion to acer tain extent, advising, however, that what was worn should be in accordance with, the wearer's station in life and her purse. She then passed on to speak of the false ideas existing with regard to refinement. To be refined in outward life and deportment required an atten tion to the inner life ; there should be a refined heart and mind. This brought her on to notice the false ideas prevalent as to education. A young woman came home from boarding-school, and having learnt fancy work, embroidery, and gained a few prizes, believed that she had finished her education. She thought the majority of schools did not give a young woman a real— a sound education. Solid and real study was neglected. Education was not a parrot-like knowledge. It was a develop ment of the ideas— it was that which called out what was noblest and truest iu them. Those schools, conducted on good principles, might be great and priceless boons^ to them ; but they had education in their own hands. Schools were only the beginning of the education — the education which was to be gained throughout life. After an interval Miss Thorne com menced the second part of her lecture, which embraced the duties of women. She first spoke of domestic management, including under the term all that which was known in England by the name of housewifery. She thought a young woman should have a knowledge of cookery and domestic management, believing that such a knowledge was quite compatible with the highest stations in life, and pointing for example to Her Majesty Queen 'Victoria, who had brought up her daughters with a thorough knowledge of housewifery. Next she referred to the power of woman in making happy homes, drawing an amusing picture of a domestic quarrel, but pointing out with pathos the great power which a woman might exert to prevent this. In spite of all that was said in Senate Chambers, or what was done on battle fields, she thought the influences which moved the world were those of home; and they had these in their own hands. She thought that woman's place was not only beside the sickbed, but should be by the side of the troubled, to cheer and encourage them. Speaking of intel lectual culture, she observed that amongst men there was an idea that women if they became intellectual would be pedantic. She combated this idea, and hoped the young ladies present would, prove the contrary. Then, again, if they would be true women they aaottkl possess true Ckristianiiy— -not a Pharisaical profession, but a true and noble conception of the Divin© attributes and duties of religion. As i% was a reprcac6 t& women that they caused the first transgressiofi, : let them lead holy lives and endeavor to make the world purer by their life and conduct. Efiss Thorne then encou raged her. sisters to go on, pointing out that they could do what they willed. If they were doing right they should Btand to it, and should! be patient, taking a true and resolute spirit into life, and, relieved from all shallowness, their lives would shine nobly. Her desire was to ssy a few words to stimulate them. iEhey should try (and they would succeed)- to do the best they eould'. They might think )their talents were small, but they should use. them, aid mate their lives grand, and then they w ?old' Bofcbe useless -they would not have lived in vain. Miss Thorne sat down amid much applause. A vote of thanks was unani mously accorded her, and the Trustees for the lgan of the Church. Miss Thorne, in acknow ledging the vote, addressed a few words to the* gentlemen present, advising them to stimulate the usefulness of their, feminine relations, and! to encourgage what was noble, true, and good in a woman. She moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, ' which having been passed and acknowledged, the proceedings terminated. 'Harvesting is being gradually brought to a close,' writes the Border Watch, 'and the weather for gome days back has been highly favorable. The arorage of the district is not likely to exceed 10 bushels this season, but there will be .a fine, sample of grain.' . The Northern Argus says — ** We believe the report which Mr. Bonney will have to give in to the Government respecting the working of the land system in the Northern areas will be of an unsatisfactory nature. He has dis eovered — what has been a well-known fact in the North ever since the areas ware occupied — that there are a very few bona fi«J# ?electors, and that the whole ,of the front of the' Brough ton has been taken up by dummies.' On Thursday morning the pole of a carriage belonging to- Mr. J. H. Angas, J. P., which was being driven on tbe grounds of the Exhibition Building, was broken. The driver was pulled from his seat, and the pair of horses bolted. Considerable excitement was occa sioned, but fortunately the damage dona was trifling. The passengers by the Lubra report that a discovery of gold has been made in. the Fort Linooln district. We understand Mr. Darwent atates that Mr. Lowe, from Port Lin coln, informs him that a well-sinker found gold ia that quarter some weeks ago. The exact locality we are not able to state, but, without doubt, it will soon be made known ; and it is to be Hoped that a diggings of some importance will result from this find. The anniversary of Tungkillo Primi mitirs Methodist Chapel was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. Two sermons were preached on the Sabbath by the Rev. W. Jenkin, of Woodside. On the following day a public tea was held, after wbich a lecture was delivered by the Rev. W. Jenkin ' On the Gipsies,' the Bev. C. Clayfield, of Mount Pleasant, in the chair. Onlv the first part of the lecture was delivered, which took one hour and a half in delivery ; Mr. Jenkin promised to give the second part in a month's time, and the people were very pleased at the prospect of another treat, having enjoyed themselves exceedingly well on the present occasion. Proceeds of the anniversary, £13 83. 9^d. 