A WHISPER, TO GENTLEMEN. JtrriTEn Asiiiov ' Don't I wish I was a man . just to show the uitt'cuhnes how to play their part in the world of little better ' In the first place there ain't a mother's son of you that has got as far us ABC in the art of making love (and I so soon a few abortions in that way my self as well as the list of the sisters) What woman wants to be told that "her for and 0309 mo pretty 'or her form and simla bewitch songs' dirt as if she didn't know all her fine points as soon as she is tall enough to pop into a looking allies No, yon ineffable donkey, if you must use the small coin of Battery. to pay toll at the bulge of her affections, let me whisper a secret in your long ears compliment her upon some mental alienation dot does not possess (if you can find one) and don't wear the knees of your pet pants abroad here at her foot, thing to make her believe she 13 torn "litat here" We all know that is among the things that were, after you are out of jackets and trousers What a splendtfoutis husband I (Funny) should make to be sure, had PtoudonLo bo 01 . darned if I Do you suppose that when the mother of my glorious boys wanted a sixpence to buy those shoe strings, I'd scowl at her like it here, and pull my portemonnaie out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth? Do you suppose, when her blue eyes grow ltiBticloss, and the rose paled on her fair cheek, trotting round the domestic tread-mill day after day, that I'll come home at night sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in hot fire till hot 00s were as red as rabbits' ? 01 tales of) self oil to a club or a game at lime pins, or any other game, and leave her to the oxhihaiiitiiigtolaxiition of damaging stookmgaP Do you suppose that I'd trot along like a loose pony at her side, in the street, and leave her to keep up with me or not, 113 her strength would permit Do ion suppose I'd Uj luton prison and bitter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offering her 11 healing plaster in the shape of a new bonnet ? And don't you suppose, when the anniversary of our wedding day comes round, I'd attendants little note, and leave it on her toilet table, to let her know I was still a married lover P i Shaw ' I am sick of you all ! You don't deserve the love of a generous, high sales! woman If you want 11 housekeeper, line 0110, and be done with it If you want a wife but you don't One woman will answer just as well as another teams on join ballona,»mishaps,tindülnng»,mid strike your puddings, and so on and so forth Do you suppose we have curtailed our minds and lips over the bright and glorious gift of intol lost tothobostof our capacity, to muster only to joui^A^iicaf wants? Notabilofit! When that's got no want something rational Do yon 0101 think of that, ion fish which? when you stretch 10111 logs light across (the fireplace, leading the newspaper till to yourself P of art from the time till 10 o'clock, the tug the sites of the state out of countenance P Lord Hat 1 j . if I had such a block of a husband, I'd scale up the ghost of 11 over some wheat if there's any within woman! Fanny Fern. Sittings of the deep-Drams fallen on the ah. Can it for ci be called in suitor when he doesn't suit her P 'lim way to train up a child in the way it should go walk in that way) yourself. Young ladies are requested to say, " What is the difference between a butterfly and a flutter) ?" li' you wish to increase the size and proper notice of your eyes, just keep an account of the money you spend foolishly, and add it up at the end of the year A i Ain in the Zoological Gardens, being asked why she so closely) nomino 1 the elephant with her open glass replied that she was looking for the law both in his trunk " 'the. following question is now under debate buffalo lim Pi rkintown 1j)Oi um -" Wilson will Hoonint make a i ian i reminding his own biiKim as, only It is of the people's alone?" biNOUi viz-" Don't you take rather foolish spirit for a single man? ' asked a kind man of one who was indulging pretty freely) I beg pardon, as , I have been mined those ten ) i area," was the raising An Aohicui lunn Quality -A " Country Cousin" and s for insemination respond ling " wild oats," of which he has had in it has far not often speak where may they be procured, how the) area be sown, and whether their produce is on-- holed in one big? Natives lawyer built opposed by two cannot 1, named Nutt an I Cam] bell, after having replied to the arguments of the best, turned to the judge, and amid, "illusive disposed of John Nutt without stunning, it the Court plume, I will now proceed to the diminution of the Campbell ' VI in Unkim)-(Serme-aioltinleei Jones ) infuriated commanding officer 111, there, get name of insulin hang it away from the target as) amended lunatic Wold on, Guv'nor, I ain't no man as I look ' I was in here all day) yearly salary, and found it much the s lost place in the held " Pa'" said, the other morning, at breakfast, a little human pudding, who tar I) fond of eggs, and who had heard his side matter translating I iiL,Imh | leases into 1 run li, "Pa, what is funds for 'an egg f' " He hoped, an egg is an off" " Will," and she, immediately), on a gg is not enough for me Una morning, for I want two " An elderly female, on being examined before the magistrates at Bung i) as to her place of legal death uncut, was asked v. li it reason she had for supposing that his disease 1 husband's at the most were in St Andrew's' The oil Inly, looking man i ally at the bar li, said -" How is both a id nature and here, and I July burn 1 him to do, and if that isn't settling him there I don't know what is " A lot to lady lining n died very latest proposals of marriage! from an old gentleman, sent the following answer r by in an Uli) thus are. mi to i p him in Uli) i mile > "> to rest I set it aside and ml j us all in j IV., h in a J and I in IV in far as I state I I n i Bill in it,) Nor will I was in in the! II in i I in it sir 113 to marry a. I lull ilMlliu to mind the A SrniNtii Aim Mines -Mr Grogblos on drank rather man than his named allow and in hot turn and augur one told night last winter, the consequence of which was, he gave Inn left a rather confused account on his return home Mr Smith's grocery Btoioliinted me to go and drink cousin Sun-and } or so the weather was j dry-and 1 was "hopeless I said I didn't mind punching on drink - and it's queer how my head went into the punch, though the way home was so dry) that J slipped upon a little dig -Uni comb of the street but missed an old I L,uitlcniiiii with eyes and ears and ii I i h liar on his neck sin The belonged to him dog and I written under st imagine) that is-I don't know nothing more about it " Quinn is in School name is Did you can kiss a in deb making manure," who ii d uiLjIitirs we it not " tlioioii"')ily dun) silt the 1 ' ' Did you can I now a prominent li had that didn't open with a ' team d < Company ' ' Did you ever took a sporting man whose " feats " di will eclipse those of Iiircul it Dilytiucvir know a house fossil that wasn't a " desirable prospect) or an ' eligible investment ? ' Did you our know a ' list" must win hadn't a no civilians lit had all either guineas for i Did) you on know a )ihuiiulonist, who do list brush his hair off his forces and to display his " development f" Did you can walk with a lad), without her stop in,' to riding a I no of a shawl 1 ' Did you at I ii w husband to get home late from a party, without telling his wife how is " the last to be the < ' till! Panama it or tell the full living story of a smart do"' 'When the dog wishes to cross a man who inheritors abouts, he goes up the stream a great way uni birds with all his might, the alligators go there and wait for him to swim across the dog line at what he is about when he sets from the number of scouts above water that his enemies have all (gathered to the feast, he runs down the bank as last as he can, and aw una across before the alligators me aware of the trick that has been played upon them." 