LETTER OF MCR DE " SCHERR, ARCHBISHOP OF MUNICH, ON THE DECLARATION OF DR. DOLLINGER. Dr. Dollinger, Provost of the Chapter and Professor of Theology, has addressed to us, under the date of the 29th of March, a declaration relating to bis position with regard to the Oecumenical Council of the Vatican, and the decrees which that Council had issued up to that date, the said declaration having been published simultaneously by him in the Allegemeine Zeitung of Augsburg. (Supplement to No. 90 of the 31st of March.) This publication forces us to draw the attention of the clergy and the faithful of our archdiocese, publicly and persistently, to the principal errors which are contained in this lamentable document, and which cut off their author from the bosom of the Catholic Church, if he persists in maintaining them. 1\. The author demands to be per mitted to furnish to an assembly of Bishops or of theologians, the proof that the decrees of Faith of the Fourth Session of the Council are not contained either in Scripture, as it has been understood by "the Fathers, or in tradi tion, according to its true history ; that on the contrary this last has been falsi fied by documents forged or disfigured, and that these same decrees are in contradiction to the more ancient and certain definition of the Church. Now,_ there is no question here of a point as yet undecided and therefore open to discussion. The thing is already defined; a General Council, freely con voked, directed by the Chief of the Church, after having carefully examined the doctrine of the Primacy of tlie Ro man Pontiff, has explained, formulated, and defined the Catholic doctrine. Every Catholic now knows what the Church puts forward for his belief. .The Church, to which Jesus Christ promised His aid even to the end of time, cannot order us to believe anything but what God Himself has revealed. Therefore, whosoever opposes himself to the decision of the Church resists God Him self. " If any one will not hear the Church, let him be unto you as a heathen and a publican." (S. Matt, xviii. 47.) 2\. The author pretends that he is dealing here with a simple question of history, and that it ought to be treated and determined only by the means which are at our disposal for this subject, anT according to settled rules for every historical question, every research into facts of the past, which have con sequently fallen into the domain of history. Henceforth history is superior to the Church, the definitions of the Church are abandoned, without appeal, to the judgment of historians ; by this means the magisterium divinely established in the Church is placed on one side, and every Catholic verity is questioned. Let science examine dogmas by every human means ; they will pass vic- toriously through all these trials. Though the science of impiety may rise up against God and His revelation, against the Church and her decrees of faith, it never will be able to shake " the Rock, on which the Lord has built His Church." (S. Matt. xvi. 18.) 3\. The author declares that "the decrees of the 18th of last July are in compatible with the Constitutions of European States, above all with the Bavarian Constitution," yea, " that this doctrine, which would have brought decay to the ancient Empire of Germany would not fail to inoculate the new empire with the germ of an incurable disease, if it should come to prevail amongst the Catholics of the German nation." We protest with all our strength against this supposition, which is en tirely false, and against this abominable denunciation, and we call attention to it as fixing Suspicion on the Catholic Church, on its Chief, on its Bishops, and on all its members, who will never cease to " render unto Cmsar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." (S. Matt. xxii. 21.) Dear children : the aims, the prin ciples, and the judgments which are brought forward in this document, and to the chief of which we have called attention, have been, since the convoca tion of the Council of the Vatican, spread abroad in a great number of books, reviews, and journals, with a temper and a tone of bitterness which is anything but Christian. This document renders more than probable the sad sup position that the author of this declara tion is the moral head of the whole move ment which has been excited against the Council of the Vatican, and which has produced so much trouble in the minds- and consciences of many. The refutations, numerous though they be, have not unfortunately beeu heard in circles hostile to the Church. And now this movement is taking the character of a formal revolt against the Catholic Church by the open decla ration of a man placed high in the Church and in the State, and who up to this time had beeii in good repute. Dear children : mindful of the dis charge of our episcopal duties, we have not delayed to address to you these serious warnings and to take the con sequent necessary steps. In the other duties which our office lays upon us, we do not lose sight either of the dangers of the Church in Germany or of charity towards our erring brethren. We do not break the bruised reed and we do not quench the smoking flax : (S. Matt, xii. 20), but we shall know how to pre serve our dear flock from error and from seduction. We recall to the reverend priests of our diocese these words of S. Paul : " 0 Timothy, keep the deposit which has been committed to you, beware of pro fane novelties and the oppositions of science falsely so called, which" some having professed they have abandoned the faith." (1 Tim. vi. 20, 21.) Do you all, dear children, pray for the salvation of the soul of the author of this declaration contrary to the faith, who is running into such great danger ; pray for the Holy Church, above all for our dear German and Bavarian fatherland ; pray for your Bishop, who is profoundly grieved, and who blesses you in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Given at Munich, Palm Sunday, 1871. 