THURSDAY, JANUARY 1% 1871. The allusion to the now moribund Parliament with which Mr. Higin botiiam thought proper to conclude his apology for the temporary back- sliding of a wayward but repentant disciple, contains matter for our serious consideration, lie spoke of it as a Parliament which is, "under existing " circumstances and under present iu " fluences, merely the chief vestry of " this insignificant province." Of course we can fully appreciate and enter into the mingled feelings of sorrow and con- tempt which led him to speak in such terms of a legislative body which, under happier circumstances, ho has held up as worthy of all honour, confidence, and respect. There was a time when this degenerate As- sembly yielded him implicit obe- dience, and did his bidding, and fol- lowed his lead with unquestioning faith. But the spell which he managed to cast over that House, which was once the delight of his eyes and the joy of his heart, has now been for some time broken, and with unutterable anguish he has been forced of late to admit that hon. members refuse to listen to the voice of their ancient charmer, charm he never so wisely. They have preferred, as a rule, to turn their attention to the furtherance of practical legislation and the considera- tion of the more pressing wants of the country, rather than to the dis- cussion of abstract propositions, the es- tablishment of a spurious independence, the usurpation of Imperial power, or the annihilation of Rogers. Under such untoward circumstances, we are not sur- prised to hear that they have fallen from the high estate they formerly held in the opinion of their whilom master, and he feels constrained to admit that that Chamber for which he once claimed all the powers and immunities of the House of Commons is in some respects more nearly related to a parochial vestry. Wo can compassionate the bitterness of heart which called forth this ironical admis- sion, and w13 can forgive, although we cannot admire, the rancour which, spring- ing from the absolute defeat of many cherished projects and the' dissipation of many ambitious dreams, will uot permit the burial of past quarrels in oblivion, Perhaps, however, it would be 2? well to see whether or not there is any ground for Mr. Higikbotham's gibe. In what single way does our Parlia- ment resemble a vestry 1 It is fenced round with privileges which we think might be beneficially curtailed in the interests of public liberty, and which have been declared equal in every re- spect to those inherent in the body by which they were conferred ; it possesses powers Which are plenary, so long as exer- cised within the bounds of a contract the terms of which are always subject to alteration, over all local affairs and the whole of Her Majesty's subjects resi- dent in the colony. If it follows any guidance, it is the guidance of those whom its own breath has made, and may unmake at any moment, and the influences to which it is subject are those of its own creation. In all these particulars, and in others too numerous to mention, we seek in vain to discover its resemblance to a parish vestry. Does any one in his senses imagine that its status would be improved, its influence extended, or its dig- nity enhanced, by a childish assump- tion of powers in excess of those con- tained in the act by which it exists, or by the exercise of powers which havo never been conferred either by the Crown or the people ? Is it likely to magnify its own importance by being in a state of perpetual feud with those Im- perial authorities with whom it has consented to act, declaring and protest- ing at large, and beating the, air in the absence of a tangible grievance1? Be- cause if any of these proceedings are necessary in order to take from it that petty vestry character by which, accord- ing to the Hon, Geobge Higinuoxham, it is at present distinguished, we trust it will be content to rest under his contempt for ever rather than adopt a course which would involve a national breach of faith, and expose the country to the well-merited derision of the civi- lised world. In jestingly styling the colony an in- significant province, he has read us a lesson which we should do well to lay to heart. Insignificant we are not in all those elements of population and natural wealth which go towards build- ing up an empire. We are, however, yet young, and youth has its follies; but as long as we can show that we are striving manfully to do our best, we may safely challenge the judgment of all mon, without any fear that sympathy will be withheld on the ground of our in- significance. We only become truly insignificant when we arrogate to our- selves powers to which we have no right, when we prove our littleness by fretting under obligations which we have know- ingly contracted, when we fausto appre- ciate the power and worth of other nations at their proper standard, and when we persist in mistaking the " rustic cackle" of a people bora but yesterday "Por the great wave tLafc echoes round tho woild." The tendency to worship themselves is the besetting sin of young nations. We are sufficiently alive to our own rights and privileges, and sufficiently ready to assert both, without any taunts from Mr. HiGiNBoraAM concerning the vestry- like character of our Parliament or the utter insignificance of our province. Our Parliament, as long as it confines its at- tention to those duties entrusted to it by law, will command that respect which it would inevitably forfeit If it ventured to exceed its powers, and our people have given evidence, that though few in number and new at their work, they are manfully bent on raising their adopted country to a position among the nations of the earth commensurate with her progress and natural advantages. Most of the fallacies of which protec- tionists are enamoured owe their origin to the incapacity or the unwillingness of the partisans of class legislation to look at more than one side of the «ques- tion. The landlords and farmers of England combined to establish the corn laws in order to secure high rents and, dear bread. They had no consideration whatever for the millions of bread eaters. To exclude the competition of the foreigner, and to maintain an artificially high price of wheat in the home market, was the sole object of their policy. -And all the old stock arguments which were employed in Parliament and out of it, from 1815 to 1816, in support of the infamous bread tax, are repeated in Vic- toria a.D. 1871, in apparently utter ig- norance of the fact that they havo been a thousand times confuted, and that they have been torn to shreds and scat- tered to the winds. Our protectionists, like their Tory prototypes of old, avow that they de- mand protection in the interests of certain producers-mostly town arti- sans. Consumers, it is considered, have no voice whatever in the matter. Here is Mr. Nimmo, one of the candidates for Emerald-hill, who has just contributed his quota to the sum of information which we. possess with respect,to the wants of the protectionists. He is anxious to see mechanical engineering developed in this country. So are we. But its growth, to bo healthy and vigor- ous, should be spontaneous and natural. Not so, says Mr. Nimmo ; it must undergo a process of legislative forcing ; and he proceeds to illustrate the nature and cost of the process. He tells us that the cost in London of a steam-engine of 10-horse power, is £110 j to which about 40 per cent, must be added, for freight, duty, and other expenses ; so that it will stand the purchaser in £155 before it is erected in Melbourno. A similar engine could not be manufactured here for les3 than £235. Mr. Nimmo, therefore, leads us to infer that the imported engine should be weighted with an additional duty of £S0, in order to enable I local engineers to monopolise the local market. Every mining company, every farmer employing steam ma- chinery, every manufacturer, and every steam-packet owner, is to be taxed at the rate of £8 per horse-power for every steam-engine they purchase, in order that one particular class of artisaus may be exempted from competition, and be guaranteed by the state steady employ- ment at 10s. per diem. There is not a branch of industry in which steam power is employed which would not be seriously injured by the addition of 50 per cent, to the cost of its machinery. There is not an article of local produce in the preparation or manufacture of which steam-engines are used that would not be enhanced in price by a tax of this kind. Nominally a protection to native industry, it would be in reality a bare- faced robbery-the plunder of the many for the gain of the few. And having conceded thus much to the mechanical engineers, every other class would be justly entitled to a similar licence to levy black mail on the com- munity from tho Government. Theic are men in this colony who are conversant with the, cultivation of the sugar cane, coffee, spices, and the various descriptions of tropical fruits. Our climate is not very well adapted to bring them to perfection ; but protective duties would remedy this natural disadvantage. We might cover in square miles of country with hot-houses, furnishing em- ployment in the meantime to hundreds of glaziers and ironfounders ; aud in an artificially tropical climate, grow all the sugar, coffee, spices, and fruits wo con- sume. Why " send the money out of " the country " to . purchase these things when by the help of pro- tection, we might raise them at home 1 Give our planters, like our me- chanical engineers, a monopoly of the local market, and wo can dispense with the importers of Mauritius sugar, and Ceylon coffee, and West Indian spices. To bo sure, the price of all these articles would bo decupled at the very least ; but what would that matter when you wero encouraging native industry on tha ^one hand, and keeping all the gold in the country on tho other Í If any of our readers find a flaw in .our reasoning, we beg .to remind them that the logic wo are employing is that .of the protectionists, and has, more . over, the advantage of being extremely popular. ,-, At the meeting of the Melbourne Hos -v^Tcal Committee on Tuesday, a letter ?was read from Dr. Thomas protesting ..¡against their decision to adopt Dr. Barker's plan of placing erysipelatous patients in wooden huts. Dr. Thomas's -objection to this method of dealing with that embarrassing complication of .hospital surgery, is based upon the fact that wood very readily absorbs the prin- ciple of infection, and as the object of ?¡treatment is to destroy and prevent the : accumulation of the germinal matter to which tlie spread of erysipelas is duo, a wooden wall and roof surface presents exactly the condition favourable to its .spread. Dr. Barker, it appears, in the .course of his pastoral experience, had ?conceived a preference for wooden Jjoxes. They were good for sheep suf- fering from foot-rot, and they might, therefore, be good for human beings .suffering from a distinctly different disease. One does not expect the Hos- pital Committee to be either logical or ¡scientific; but as Dr. Barker's pro- posal, it would appear, had received the -approval of at least a majority of the -honorary staff, the committee can hardly bo blamed if, reposing entire confi .dence in the correct judgment of their medical advisers, they also take the ¡box-view of the question. Dr. Thomas, however, further objects to the sheep Jbox on account of its being also pro- posed to have it constructed like a child's toy-map, so as to be taken to pieces when not required, and put toge .iker as soon as an erysipelatous patient ¡should be admitted. Even conceding -ike suitability of the material, which .concession however we do not make, this principle of the toy-map is unde- sirable. It might happen that a long -period elapsed in which no patient was admitted requiring this particular provision of treatment, and it would bo ?very likely to happen that some of the pieces were out of repair, or had been jnade to servo for impromptu fire ¡kindling by domestics not impressed with the importance of scientific liygiene ; or if even the parts, including the posts, the panels, the bolts, the screws, and the hinges, had been care- fully preserved, the time necessary to put it together would undoubtedly be considerable. Meanwhile, the patient would have to be put somewhere, and when it is remembered how quickly and with what subtlety the infection of erysi- pelas is communicated, all precaution might be rendered nugatory through the. temporary detention of the patient ia he hospital itself. Dr. Thomas, we believe, proposes a ' building of iron, or at any rate lined with iron, and painted with a non absorbing material, especial provision being made for ventilation, the floor to be of asphalte, and a fly-roof to be con ßtrueted over the roof proper, to insure uniformity of temperature. The build âng, however, he thinks, should bo permanent, and kept in constant readi- ness for the reception of patients. No .doubt even this plan admits of discussion, but it is certainly preferable to the ßheop-box. Professor Parkes, however, .strongly urges the use of tents, and his opinion is undoubtedly worthy of the most respectful attention. His expe- dience has been principally in military .hospitals, but he says :-" Considering " the undoubted beneficial influence of . " tent life, it may be a question whether, ?"even in civil life, hospitals which "possess gardens should not, during "the summer, treat their cases with i! suppurating wounds in the tents." In -any case the committee will do well to ¡reconsider the adoption of Dr. Barker's .sheep-box method, which, after many -months' delay in deliberating upon the ?subject, the honorary staff, when re- proached with their dilatoriness, some- what hastily recommended to them. In view of tho importance of tbo question, '.pace or war, which the next mail may be expected to answer, it is a matter of interest as to when the arrival of tho telegraphic mes- sage may be reasonably looked for. The last threo occasions the mail steamer bas suc- ceeded in so arriving at the Sound tbat the Adelaide branch boat could deliver the mails on the Monday, and if tho Avoca is equally sucoossfiil on the present îun down, there is .ii probability that our message will reach us on Monday noxt. The quiotudo of the political woild is still disturbed by tho skirmishing which pre- cedes tho warfare of the general election, aud this although tbo majority of thoso who now offor themselvos as candidates aro certain to prove non-combatants when the testing time comes. A rumour is afloat that Mr. James Sorvico will stand for Wost "Melbourne as a protectionist of tbo com- promise school, and as it has not keen yet contradicted, it has gained ground. Mr. W. Peterson, of Queen street, has announced that, if requested, ho will stand for this district. In Collingwood, the "committee" who advocated tho return of Mr. Bates whon ho took omeo, and who havo taken a prominent part in directing election affairs in that district for somo .ears past, are, itsooms, greatly troubled what io do in respect to the sitting members. Thoy met ome few nights ago, with the view of throwing over ia their future election operations Mr. Evorard and Mr, Vale, but a majority bold for the present to tbo former gentleman, and oventually it was decided to ïiiquiro as to the views of all thrco. Of the iosu.lt wo only know that tho sub-comruitteo of five members appointed to mako this pre- liminary investigation have asked to "inter- view" Mr. Evorard, who has. prof erred to deal witb the electors gonorally rather than any five gentlemen to bo named, although ho has offered to reply to [£% any categorical series of questions that may be put. Efforts are being made to in- duce the Hon. Geo. Harker to come forward lor Collingwood once more, and thoso who know that gentleman best, think it is pro labio be will consent to stand. Thrco other candidates for North Melbourne appear, in tho shape of Mr. P. G, Murphy, solicitor, who so unsuccessfully opposed Mr. Macdonnell for Villiors and Heytesbury when the Macpherson Ministry took office ; Mr. Jamos Clarke ; a_d a Mr. William levers, a local celebrity. Mr. Jos. Fergusson bas offered himself for South Bourke. It will be remombered that bo \olunteered to "run" with Mr. G. P. Smith at the last general election, but re- tired before tho nomination. Ho now offers himself m tho place of Mr. Smith, whose poli- tical opinions ho appears to hold. Mr. J. Holmes-who is tho nephew, not the son, stated, of the contractor ot that name-has issued his address to the electors of "West Bourke. A novel electioneering pro- posal is made in our columns by Mr. W. H, Gresham, of 4G Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, who states his opinions at large, and offers himself to any constituency which will bohave with doe reciprocity. In this way he is en- abled to ventilate a scries of curious political theories. It is a fitting pondant to tho absurd candidatures which aro being daily thrust before tho public, that "Robt. H. M'Farland, solicitor," of Melbourno, sarcastically pro- poses, in our advertising columns, to prepare, for a small charge, "electioneering addresses, speeches, and answers to probable questions, to suit all kinds of constituencies." Mr. E. Steinfeld was presented with a re- quisition, signed by 572 electors of Ballarat East, on Tuesday evening, and he has con- sented to place himself in candidature. Mr. W, C. Smith the same evening was presonted with two requisitions from electors of Bal- larat West, and in reply stated his intontion of standing. He would meet the electors on Saturday evening, at tbo Alfred-hall, and make a statement of his views. Mr. S. Dooble met a number of his friends and supporters in East Ballarat, also on Tuesday night, and gave them a sketch of his opinions on the main subjects to como bofore Parliament. Mr. C. Scorer has issued his address to the voters of Grenville. Sir Francis Murphy, one of the present members for that district, has also published the announce- ment of his intention again to be- come a candidato for its representation, promising, when the writ is issued, to tako an early opportunity of visiting the district. More names are added to the list of likely candidates for Crowlands, which is now given by the Pleasant Creek New3 as follows : Mr. Blair, Mr. Colin Campbell, Mr. Sample, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Ronald Campbell, Mr. Scoul lar, Mr.' O'Callaghan, Mr. Wakeham, Mr. Reading, and Mr. Jones of Stawell. The two present representatives of Villiers and Heytesbury, Mr. Bayles and Mr. O'Grady, an- nounce that they aro seeking ro-olectiou, and will visit the district at an early date. Ac. cording to the Ararat Advertiser thoro is a likelihood of Mr. MacBain, tho representative of the Wimmera district in the Legislative Assembly, being opposed by Captain Bowden, of Horsham, who is supposed to represent the farming more than the squatting interest. The naroo of Mr. J. S. M'Donogh is mentioned as likely to bo a candidate for Kilmore. " Mr. Sullivan, accompanied by Mr. Casey, made a tour of a portion of the district on Tuesday,'' says the Bendigo Adveiliscr, "and visited Eaglehawk and other important portions of Mandurang, Both gentlomen woro well ro. ceived, and promised a largo amount of sup- port. Mr. Thompson Mooro bas formally announced his intention of contesting Man- durang. We And that wo were rathor pre- mature in stating that Mr. Richards was not going to contest Mandurang. On making further inquiries, we ascertained that not only is ho to stand, but that a good committee has been formed to secure his return, and that they aro now activoly canvassing. We understand it is a condition that Mr. Richards will run against Mr. Sullivan. A meoting of tho friends of Mr. Tipper is to be held." At Castlemaine last evening was to be held a meeting of persons "desirous of aiding in the formation of an association to secure the election of three candidates favour, able to a national system of secular education and tbo protection of local industries." The following charming picture of tho pleasing relations that ought always to oxist between tho representativo and thoso ropre sented, but which, as a fact, only exists when oleotion time is drawing nigh, is drawn by the Kyneton Guardian:-"Mr. Mark Last King has commenced his canvass in West Bourke. He has been visiting the Lancefield portion of tho constituency, and in tho most affable and condescending manner has taken part in an entertainmont at Romsey, givon to provide funds for the' erection of additions to the schoolroom. Mr. King acted as chair- man, made a speech, and gavo readings from Shakspcarc. Moreover, he was assisted by his daughter, who played solos on the piano and sang four songs ' with oxquisito taste and fool- ing,' to quoto from tbo local journal. Subse- quently, Mr. King bad an interview with the Lancefield Hoad Board, and from his remarks thereat it would appear that the road boards are mainly indebted to him for the passing of the Shires Statute Amondmont Act, Ho was good enougL, however, to admit that ia this be had been assisted by Mr. A'Beckott. Mr. King then promised to get Lancefield pro- claimed a shire without dolay, and also undertook to seo that a proper defence was entered to an action at law in which the board is engaged, and gonerally to assist the board in any matter in which bis assistance might bo required. Aftor this, it is not to bo wondered at that a voto of thanks was car- ried unanimously, or that the opinion was expressed that ' Mr. King was, assuredly, the best representative thoy had got ;' or that Mr. King should give utterance to the bopo ' that he might continue to bo of service to thorn for many a long time tocóme.' " Some of tho residents of Lancefield, intro- duced by Mr. King, M.L.A., waited yesterday as a deputation upon the Minister of Railways and Roads, to object to tho issue of a procla- mation changing the namn of Lancefield shire to Romsey. Tho alteration, it was ropresentedi had been contemplated at the suggestion of a few people in the district, but it was not approved of by the inhabitants generally, who had called a public meeting on the subject, at which tho deputation had been appointod. After the matter had been discussed, Mr. Wil- son promised that the proclamation should not be issued until a proper opportunity had been afforded of ascertaining the opinions of the inhabitants of the district., A deputation-consisting of Messrs. P. Davies, J. L. Roberts, G. Pritchard, and Morrow-representing various mining com- panies in the neighbourhood of Kangaroo Hat, Sandhurst, bad an interview yesterday with the Minister of Railways, with the view of obtaining a reduction in the charge for carrying to town the pyrites contained in the quartz tailings, which are exported to England to be there smelted. The prcsont rate was 33s. Sd. per ton from Sandhurst, and itwas stated thatthe former commissioner had promised that a reduction should be made. In reply to the commissioner, the deputation stated that during the next three months from 30 to 40 tons per week would be sent to town, and the quantity beforo long would probably be increased to 70, 80, or 100 tons per wcok. It was also pointed out that the stuff would be carried to the trucks in cwt. bags, so that the department would bo put to little trouble in loading, Aftor some further conversation, Mr. Wilson promised that, if it were found that the return trucks could be utilised, the rate should be reduced to tbo minimum charge for gravel and stono, viz,, lAd. per ton per milo. The members of the Pilot Board assemblod at the Custom-house yesterday, to inquire.into the circumstances connected with tho ground- ing of tbeSwodishshipjVana-dis, in the West Channel, on tho 5th inst. The members pre- sent wero Captain Payne (chairman), Captain Devlin, Messrs. Sutherland, Froyer, and Stephen, and the secretary, Captain Burrell, Johan Gottfred Soderbergh stated that he was master of the ship Vana-dis, from Port Louis, Mauritius, to Melbourno, ar- riving hore on the 5th January. The vessel's tonnage is 480 tons, her draught of water-aft 17ft., forward lGft. lOin. The pilot, Mr. John Nicholson, went on board about S o'clock a.m., and about 11 a,m. the medical officer came on board and cleared the vessel. Witness took the draught.of water at the Mauritius. Nothing occurred during the voyage to alter the trim of the vessel. Tho Sweedish foot is less than the English foot. The vessel's draught is marked in Swedish feet. Witnesö told the pilot that he was drawing 17ft., meaning English feet. At the time of grounding one of the crew waa at tho lead, and the depth of water at the mizen rigging was three and a half fathoms. 1 Immediately the ship stopped, witmcss called out to the pilot to that effect, and hoisted a flag for a steamer. The pilot was most attentive while on board, and kept the lead constantly going. When they grounded they had tho pale light on Swan Spit .J S., Swan Beacon W._S., light ship N.N.E..JS, After con- sidering the evidence, tho board gave the fol- lowing decision ¡-"That the Swedish barque Vana-dis grounded in the West Channel on the öth inst., owing to a spit having recently extended itself on tho east sido of the Swan Spit shore, and from the evidenco adduced, the board is of opinion that tho pilot (Mr. Nicholson) used all necessary precautions during the time ho was in charge." The master of tho brig Sarah, John F. Booth, has reported the loss of his vessel to the Steam Navigation Board. The vessel was on her voyage from the Clarenco River to this port, laden with a cargo of maizo. When off Crescent Head, N.S.W., on tho 24th ult.. notwithstanding all exertions being made, she was lost, and tho crew saved their lives with difficulty. This was to havo been a sub- ject of inquiry before the board yesterday. The board called upon the master to be pre- sent, but, in the absence of the crew, could not proceed with the investigation. The usual weekly mooting of the committee of the Alfred Hospital was held yesterday afternoon, at 88 Collins-street west. There wero present-The Hon. A. Frasor (in the chair), and Messrs. Ellery, Thomson, Curtis, Benjamin, Ferguson, Nimmo, M'Dougall, Young, and Masterton. The Financo Com- mittee submitted a statement of accounts, duly audited, from which it appeared that tho subscriptions received during the post year amounted to £1,537 12s. 7d., independent of £5,000 Government grant for 1809, and £3,750 as portion of Government grant for 1870, and that there was a balance in hand of £1,0-1 G 17s. lOd. A letter was read from Mr. James Wilson, enclosing a donation of £5, and re- signing his position as a member of the com- mittee, on account of his approaching depar- ture for England. The resignation was accepted. The Furnishing Committee re- ported that they had received tendors for the equipment of 00 beds and furniture for wards, but thoy had not yot gone through all the tenders. Thoy recommended that hot and cold water baths be at once laid on in tho out-patient and casualty rooms, and a sink provided in each ; also, that the neces- sary gas fittings and the building and fitting up of tho dead-houso be immediately pro- ceeded with. The committee had instructed the architect to draw up specifications for the samo as early as possible. The report was received. It was resolved that, on and after the appointment of the permanent secretary, Mr. Kidston's connexion with the institution should cease. A requisition from tho secre ary for a set of books was referred to the Furnishing Committeo for immediate action. * The proceedings then terminated. Tho annual meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria was held last evening in the Royal Society's rooms. Professor Halford was una- nimously elected president for the present -year, and Mr. Blair and Dr. Fethorston, vice presidents. Dr. Jonasson, the retiring presi- dent, read a valedictory address, in which he ably summarised the principal events which had occupied tho medical world during the past year. The annual meeting of tho contributors of the Benevolent Asylum is appointed to tako place this day week, in the even- ing. It has frequently boen pointed out that meetings of this kind in an evening do not by any means bring together the same number of persons they would bo sure to do if fixed to take place in an afternoon, and as tho business to be transacted is of an im portant nature, it is a pity anything should bo done to limit tho attendance. Among the names in the committee whose membership has expired wo do not observe those of Mr. Sturt, Mr. Harker, and Mr. M'Pherson. One of theso gentlemen resigned, and two ceased their connexion by reason of non- attondance. Thoir places must undoubtedly be filled up, and the committee havo no right to refrain from announcing their places as vacant in Older to secure tho opportunity of filling them up themselves. In the event of Mr, Wise would not being re-olccted as treasurer, another member will bo required to bo added to the committee, as this gentleman's place was vacated, before his election to the office of treasurer, through non-attendance. A point of practico of some interest was decided by Mr. Justice Barry, in chambers, on Tuesday. Mr. M'Farland moved, in the case of Mooney v. Fleming, to set aside a writ issued against the defendant, on the ground of its irregularity. The defendant was sued as executor, and the writ was issued on a bill of exchange given by the defendant's testator and duo before his death. By the Instru- ments and Securities Statute, whero a bill is sued upon within six months after it is due, tho plaintiff may recover judgment unless a judge gives time to plead. It was contondod by Mr. M'Farland that an executor could not be sued under that statute ; that tho defendant could pload os a matter of right, without the pormission of a judge. It was his duty to protect the estate, and to see that one creditor did not get an advantage over others, aud to do this it was nocessary he should have titno to make inquiries. The plaintiff could resort to his remedy under the usual forms of law. Mr. Justice Barry said that the question had been very recently before him in another case, and he had consulted with tho other judges about it. They were of opinion that there was no irregularity, and that an executor could bo sued undor the Instru- ments and Securities Statute, but that he should usually obtain leavo to pload, He, therefore, refused tho motion. Tho charge preferred against Mr. James Scott, solicitor, of delivering tobacco, matches, and a shilling to a prisoner in the Melbourne Gaol, heard at the District Court yester- day, broke down. The ovidenco was that Mr, Scott was locked up in a coll with the prisoner ho went to visit, and that in consequence of a peculiar appear- ance about the pockets of his coat the turn- key suspected that he was carrying tobacco, and peeped through the keyhole. He then saw a couple of parcels and one or two shil- lings on tho table, and, on searching tho pri. soner after Mr. Scott had left found on bim the tobacco, matches, aud shilling. For the de. fenco, the prisoner in question, a man named Robertson, under sentence of two years' im- prisonment for fraud as a trustee, was placed in the witness-box; and swore positively that Mr. Scott had never given him tho tobacco,. Se, and that he had those articles in his possession before ho was put in the cell with Mr. Scott. He declined to state how these things had come into his possession, as he would thereby compromise others. Mr. Call, P.M., immediately on this evidence being given, dismissed the case. It carno out in the courso of the hearing that all visitors to prisoners are searched before being allowed to havo an interview, with the excoption of solicitors, who are considered privileged. The body found floating in the Yarra on Sunday proved to bo that of a miller at Riddells Creek, named Drysdale, who, when seen alive last on Saturday, had been drink- ing, At an inquest, held yesterday, a verdict of " Found drowned" was returned. An in- quest was also bold on the body of Francis Black, the publican and ex-constable, who was found dead in bed on Tuesday morning, and it was found that ho had died of apoplexy caused by drink. A third inquest was held by the city coroner yesterday, in which dea'h bad been indirectly caused by drink, the victim being a man named White, living at Emerald-hill, no bad been complaining of pain in the chest, and on Tuesday evoning gut up from the door-step and lay down on a soin, where ho died immediately. The cause of death was disease of the heart, accelerated by intempcranco. Soon after i o'clock yesterday morning J Constable Flannagan saw a man enter tho tinsmith's shop of Andrew Abercrombie, in Little Bourko-streot, and suspecting that his designs wero, not honest, tho constublo followed him. On asking tho man who ho was, and what ho did on tho promises at that hour, the fellow retorted by putting a similar question to the constable. Flannagan quickly satisfied his curiosity, and the man then began to tremble violently, and mutter un- intelligible excuses. He gave the namo of John Spence, and on boing searched was found to havo in his possession a key, and a pieco of wax candle. On being taken beforo the City Bench, the would-bo burglar who had been thus cleverly " nipped " pleaded "Guilty" to boing on tho premises with I felonious intent, and was sent to gaol for six | months. It is stated that furthor reductions aro | about to take place in tho detective force. Detective Harrington, who about sovjn I years ago was transferred from the Sandhurst general police to the detective branch, is to bo re-transferred to the uniformed polico ; and Detective O'Leary, stationed at Dayles- ford, will be discharged with compensation, on the recommendation of tho medical board. It was at first intended to send O'Leary back I to the general polico, but ho has been found | to bo physically unfit. A fire occurred yesterday afternoon in the Royal-park that might havo been productivo of very unpleasant consequences. The grass caught fire in the vicinity of the powdor magazine, ignited, as was believed, by some matches in the hands of children. Tho grass at that part being very thin, tho firoran rapidly past tho building, and oxtended to- wards the gardens of the Acclimatisation I Society. Had it got into these grounds the long grass would have made a very strong blaze, and tho gardens with thoir contents | would, in all probability, havo been destroyed. Tho Brunswick police, however, arrived in good time, and lent useful assistance towards extinguishing tho fire, and preventing any damage. Tho police found the children who had unwittingly been the occasion of con- siderable danger. From a letter sent by Mr. Langton to tho Fitzroy Council yesterday, it would appear that in the matter of collecting tho rates since 1800 the borough has been vory much de- frauded. Mr. Langton reported that sinco 18C0 the defalcations of tho rate-colloctor | wero about £2,500. A roturn had been fur- nished in January, 1870, but the figures wero I falsified, purely fictitious items having boon j inserted, and tho columns added up wrongly. Tho books wero kept in an obscure manner, and Mr. Langton was in consoquonce unablo I to furnish anything moro thau a progress j report. Mr. Can dler held an inquest yesterday, at Richmond, on tho body of James Curtis, aged 35 years, a drayman. Tho decoased was the man who was seen to throw himsolf from the Church-street bridge into the Yarra on the 7th inst., and his body was recovered on tho evening of the 10th. Ho had manifested signs of insanity previously. A verdict of " Suicido while suffering from temporary in- sanity " was returned. Another extraordinary letter from Dr. Rohner, deputy coroner of Chiltern, appears in the Federal Standard, on tho subject of tho ¡,kull of the man M'Callum. It is headed, 'Numskulls and Other Skulls,"and contains tho writer's reply to a recent letter written by Mr. Herman lîuppin. The following is a specimen of the doctor's controversial stylo ¡ -" What I mean to stamp as a deliberate and barefaced falsohood is his {i.e., Mr. Ruppin's) assertion that I showed bim the bone in ques" tion, before John M'Callum_'s funeral, al. though I cannot see how this circumstance, if even true, does in the least intensify the charge brought against mo. The reason why this assertion of tho ranting rabbi is false is this, that it was not very likely that I would carry about with me a blood-stained, stinking bono to show as a curiosity to everybody without first cleaning it. Consequently, for two days after the post-mortem, I had the Dovil's triangle lying macerating ht a solution of limo, and afterwards extracted all animal residua, fat, blood, &c;, out of it by boiling for several hours. How, then, could I havo »bown Ilerman Ruppin the bone before tho funeral of M'Callum ? To my best recollec- tion, it must havo been fully a week after tho event spoken of that I did, confidentially and under the seal of secrecy, show my friend U, Ruppin tho bono in question-I say confi- dentially and under the seal of secrecy, as I was well aware at the time that in matters of dead bones' ghosts the rabies populi must not be aroused. After this, trust a Jew ! Thoy aro bound to have their pound of llesh, how evor little they may care about bones." Furtherfon he says:-"In conclusion, a fow words about heaven, koli, infidels, devils, and myself. Being to a certain extent a pub- lic man, tho public have a right to be intro- duced to my heaven, and those that deserve it, to my hell.I myself was bom in hell-I mean Austria, that cursed, godforsaken, priest-ridden country, where pcoplo go about with gags in their mouths and bridles on their tongues, and aro com- pelled to wear masks to hido their honest faces from the rulers of their souls and bodies. I was then in hell with a vengeance. Not being a believer in hell, especially one that is toohotandcommoncos so early in life, Hooked out if not for a positive heaven, at least for something less like the hell I was living in-in fact, I came to Australia, like so many other poor wretches who had hell at homo. But, to my great surprise, I found that somo burning pitch and brimstono, with devils swimming on tho top of it, had escaped from the religious and political pandemonium of European society, and been driven to these shores to torture tho souls of Australia Felix, trying to chango that epithot into Infolix. But as I dm now hore I supposo I shall havo to fight, and although I declined fighting with the Prussians against the French, I in- tend to fight with such as join my banner against the Australian devils wherever I shall meet; them, and in whatever Protean shape parsons, Jesuits, Jews, Joneses, &c-thoy; may present themsolves to mo," The doctor finishes his letter by remarking upon those who said that his former one was not in the stylo of a gentleman. The Sydney Morning Herald publishes the following telegram, relative to the triple murder at Orango :-" Bathurst, January 5. News has been received hereof throe murders having been committed at Kane's Paddock, Forest Reefs. A man named Patrick Martin went to the Orango police station yesterday, and reported that on his arriving at his placo at Forest Reefs on the previous night ho found his wife and her fathor and mother had been murdered, and that his uieco, a girl of six years old, had been seriously wouuded. A constable, accompanied by Dr. Warren and the man Martin, at onco wont to tho scene of the murders, and found tho bodies of tho threo persons, who had beon killed by gunshot wounds ; the little girl had been shot through tho ear, but was not in a dangerous state.* Upon being questioned, she said Martin had dono it, but afterwards could not bo induced to repeat tho statoment or givo any further information. Martin was at once arrested on suspicion." " The police authorities received a telegram last night from Townsville," says the Bris- bane Courier of Docember 31, " to tbo effect that in securing a prisoner, named Willis, Detective Barry was necessitated to shoot him. It appears from tbo information re. ceived that thora wore two warrants out The pantomime was repeated at the Theatre Royal last night, when Mr. Harwood intro- duced a new verse to his local song relative to the £300 a year for members of Parlia- ment. Mr. Cotterell gave somonow delineations of character at the'Polytechnic-hall last night with great success. To-night be will ropoat 'lie impersonations with additional novelties, Miss Dolly Green is also giving her ontortain ment in conjunction with Mr. Cotteroll. We have received Messrs. Evans Brothers' calendar for 1871. We observo from an advertisement in an- other column that a public trial of Mr. W. H. Allen's new prpcess for washing greaoy wool will take place at tho stores of Messrs. Hastings Cuningham and Co. to-morrow, at li o'clock. A public meeting was held last night in tho Mechanics' Institute, Emorald- hill, of the Starr-Bowkett Mutual Benefit Building So- ciety. The audience, which was numerous, showed their appreciation by coming forward and taking up a number of shares. A vote of thanks having been passed to the mayor (Mr. John Nimmo), the meeting closed, when several shares were taken up. A public meeting was hold on Tuesday, at the Lennox-street Lecturo-hall, Richmond, to is.sue prospectuses and enrol members of tho Starr Bowkott Mutual Benefit Building So- ciety. About 100 persons were present, who listened with great attention to the secretary's explanation as to bow from £80 to £500 was advanced to members, freo of intorest, for eight years. Mr. Mnlroady also gavo a lucid explanation of the working of tho society. After a voto of thanks to tho chairman (Mr. Oliver Levey), the proceedings of the meeting closed, and several shares wore taken up, The last of a series of popular entertain- ments took place on Thursday evening, in the common school room, Heidelberg, for tho benefit of tho Misses Dwight aud Sharpe and Messrs. T. Dwight, Robertson, Cary, and Campbell, whose valuablo sorvices have been the means of contributing £30 to .tho local charities. In the course of the evening an illuminated testimonial was presentod to Mr. C. Mattingley and a valuable toa-servico to Mrs. Mattingley, by the pupils of tho fourth and fifth classes, as a mark of esteem for thoir personal worth and zealous services as the master and mistress of tho Heidelberg Com- mon School during the post eight years. A numbor of the friends of Mr. F. F. Bail- liere, publisher, assembled at his office yester- day morning for the purpose of making pre- sentation to him of an omu-egg inkstand, prior to his doparturo for England by tho Great Britain. Mr. Bailliere goes home for tho purpose of publishing a general gazetteer of Australia. The presentation was mado by Mr. Adams, city surveyor, and the health and success of tho récipient wore afterwards toasted. Tho inkstand vested on a baso formed by two emus modellod in gold, and was the work of Mr. Edwards, oí Collins street. The South Melbourne School of Art mot for the first time this year on Thursday oven ing last in tho Mechanics' Institute, Emerald hill, when, after reading a report of tho school for the past year, Mr. Nimmo, the mayor of the borough, proceeded to distribute prizes among 20 of the most dosorving boys. Tho prizes consisted of mathematical instruments, sketch-books, and other articles useful in drawing. From tue report it appears that during the year 1870 there was an average of 112 names on the roll of tho school, and an average attendance of 82. It was notified that in the future the school would bo con- ducted by professional teachers, who aro to bo remunerated from tho allowance mado by tho Technological Commission, aided by tho fees. It will bo seen from an advertisement appear- ing elsewhoro in our columns that this school meets again to-night. The annual meeting for the election of churchwardens and auditors for tho Church of St. Mark was held in tho schoolroom ad- joining tho church on Tuesday evening There was a large attendance ; the Rev. R. B. Barlow in the chair. The bon. soc. road the annual report, and the lion, treasurer sub- mitted the accounts and balance-sheet duly audited. Tho accounts showed an iucroasu in the rovonuo, the receipts for 1870 boing £005 2s. Od., as against £82014s. 2d. for 1809. The report recommended the immediato en- gagement of an efficient curato, which was approved of by the meeting. The incumbent nominated Mr. Henry Langtroo as his church- warden. Mr. W. Weir stated that tho trustees had elected Mr. H. S. Barlow to roprcsont them, and tho meeting eloctod Mr. W. S. Kimnton for the congregation. Votos of thanks wero passed to tho retiring church- wardens-Messrs. Kimnton, Langtree, and Rushall-and to the auditors-Messrs. Emer- son and A. Christopherson, who, with Mr. Wilson, wero elected for this yoar. The annual meeting ot tue parismonors of St. Pctor's was held in the school- room last evoning, the incumbent iu the chair. Tbo reports of the -churchwarden and Parochial Committee y,ore read and adopted, and Messrs. 1>V Wilkinson, F. Reed, and F. Uther wcro ro-.appointed church- wardens for the curren», year. From the against Willis for iC'lony, and the detective went to the Ross River u»darrested him, and found in his possession a portion of tho stolen property, consisting of a goJd watch and chain. In escorting the prison^ who wa» handcuffed, to Townsville, they hau to pass through a dense scrub, and upon en¿flring this Willis was warned that if he mado ¿he least effort to escape ho would be shot. The prisoner,-however, when well into the scrub, struck tho detective's horse upon the head with his hand or som o weapon, and imme- diately bolted into tho scrub. Barry pursued him, and called upon bira several times to stand, and, to frighten him, fired shots over his head. This appeared to have no effect, as Willis still continued running, and the de- fective then fired two more shots, one of which struck Willis in tho thigh, and the other in the back. Ho was then secured, and Barry had to manago to convoy him to Towns- ville, a distance of four milos. Tho man is not supposed to be dangerously wounded." The Daily News, after giving a skotch of the projected novel of the Emperor Napoleon, and describing the impression which tho won- derful and admirable results of Imperial rulo are supposed to have mado on the mind of "the childlike Benoit'" asks-"What if Benoit had beon detained in America, and come homo two years later ? What if Benoit were to land at Brest now ? What would ho be able to make of all the wild stories about an emperor, who must apparently bo a mythical person î There was no emperor when he left ; there Í3 no emperor now ; aud yet the people attributo the horrors which have overtaken the country to this strange and wonderful person who has sprung up in that long interval. What if 'our friend Benoit,' following tho natural bont of his mind, should inquire for some history of this emperor whom some call Badin guet, and what if some booksollcr in one of tho steep and dirty streets of Brest should offer him a little fat book called ' Napoleon la Petit ?' As he pro- ceeds further inland, ' Les Elonncments de M. Benoit increase. There is a thunder of can- non in his ears. Tho people of Lo Mans are listening for the coming of the Prassians. Or- leans ho finds in foreign hands ; its poople Hying from their burning houses. He draws near to Paris ; but he finds that its ' embel- lishments' are no longer visible to tho world. So ho sits down to study how all this has come about; and takes up a file of those newspapers which he has abandoned for so long a time. And now the history of the empire dows into tho simple mind of poor Benoit; and ho is bowildered by the spectaclo of its meretricious splendours and its political corruptions. What is all this about tbo Mexican expedition, about the pleasures of Compièguo, and the private letters opened there ; about Mademoiselle Bel. langer, and the Cabinet Noir ? Whore is tho Imperial Paris, ho asks, 'hat was so gay and brilliant-the glittering Paradise of the demi- monde, with its cancan, its erotic fiction, its dubious plays, and its music of Offenbach ? It seems like a dream to him ; for he rubs his eyes, and, behold ! Paris is armed to the teeth, and her women and children are trembling, and all around her is a wall of steel, and tho vengeance of the people whom the challenged. If the calm and seclusion of Wihelmsbùke should tempt tho Emperor to continue the novel which ho began, wo hope he will bring the adventures of M. Benoit up to tho present time. It will be unnecessary to add a moral." balance-sheet it appeared that £2". ^«j' had been given during the year to tbb »"î bourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, *_ Us. 8d. to the Clergy, Widows', and Orphans' Fund, and £20 8s. to the General Fund of the Diocese. The Parochial Committee elected wero-Messrs. Allan, Blannin, Curtis. Emp- son, R. Francis, Hilton, Holmes, Levey, Kane, Powell, Macartney, Muskotr, and Wilson. A meeting of parishioners of St. James's Cathedral was held in the Schoolroom, Wil- liam-street, on Tuesday evening, for tho pur poso of receiving the report of the churchwar- dens and parochial committee for the past year, and electing churchwardens and a com- mittee for the current year, There was a larger attendance than usual. The incum- bent (the Rev. M. H. Becher) was voted to the chair. Tho rev. chairman addressed tho meeting at some length, remarking that, al- though the year just closed had boon one of unusual depression, the incomo from all sources had exceeded that of any previous yoar for a considerable time. Having called atten- tion to the abolition of state aid, and urged upon all the necessity for increased exertion and liberality, the chairman nominated Mr. W. F. D'A. Irvine his churchwardon for tho current year. Messrs. R. Gaskin and W. Hill wero elected churchwardens on behalf of tho parish. The hon. secrotary (Mr. J. Beckett) then read tho roport and balance-sheet. Tho report stated that the income from seat-rents and offertory had boen in- creased by £34 10s. above tho previous yoar. Special collections for various objects had beon mado in tho church, amounting in all to a sum of £53 ; likewise, by tho special exertions of somo members of committee, a sum of £75 had been raised abovo the ordi- nary subscriptions. The organ built for tho church by Mr. Fincham, ot Richmond, was comploted nt a cost of £40. Tho incomo had been upwards of £750; and, aftor paying all liabilities, thore was abalanco in hand on tho 1st January, 1871, of 18s. Ud. Tho following gentlemen were elected a parochial com mittco for tho prosont year :-Messrs. All- beury, Badcock, Beckett (secrotary), Bowen, Carter, Freeman, Lovelock, Moore (treasurer), Palmer, Tyssen, Wells, and Wallworth. After a voto of thanks to the hon. treasurer and I secretary, the mooting closed. A meeting was held last night in the Church of England Schoolroom, Richmond, for the purpose of explaining the principles of the Modern Permanent Building Society. Mr. Charles Bright, the vice-president of the society, occupied the chair, and, after a few words of introduction, called upon the secre- tary, Mr. J. W. Hunt, to address the meeting. Mr. Hunt then explained that the distinctive feature of the society, when contrasted with other permanent building societies, was that there would be two classes of investing shareholders in it - one class being called terminating shareholders, who would receive 10 per cent. yearly interest on the amounts paid in to their credit, the in- terest to be added to the money paid in until both amounted to £50, when the latter sum would be paid to the shareholders and their connexion with the society would cease. The other class of investors would be termed permanent shareholders, and they would be entitled to receive 8 per cent. on their moneys, and the balance of the profits would be placed to their credit. The fortnightly payments of the latter shareholders would be kept up until they reached £25, when payments would cease, and the balance of profits due to the shareholders would go on increasing until they, with the £25, amounted to £50, after which the whole of the surplus profits would be divided, with the exception of sufficient to form a reserve fund. The permanent shares would, in the manner stated, become a standing capital, and render the society always safe. It was explained that permanent shares could only be taken up until the society actually commenced, which would be in a very short time, as it had already received many appli- cations for shares, no less than 400 having been applied for since Saturday last. The secretary intimated that shares could be taken up at any time on application at the society's office in Collins-street. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. 