TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Coorong we have papers from Melbourne to the 21st; Sydney, 16th ; Laun- <*> ceston, 18th; and Hobart Town to the 17th instant. The Edith and Flinders reached Port Robe ob Thursday afternoon. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be held this afternoon. The Gregory Troupe played on Thurs day evening to good a house, and their per formances were greatly enjoyed. We beg to remind oux readers of the entertainment at White's Booms this evening, when Slum Amelia Bailey will make her second appearance. H.M.S. Blanche will proceed to the Lightship to-day, and we understand there will be some target practice outside. She will probably sail on Monday. A lad named Daniel Marjoram, residing at Qaeenstown, died on Wednesday from the effects of severe injuries he received several weeks since by a large iroa task falling oa him. We are requested to call attention to an advertisement in our business columns, an nouncing that the steamer Eleanor will take passengers to visit the Blanche on Saturday and Sunday. On Thursday evening, February 23, a handsome silver inkstand, from the establish ment of Mr. H. Steiner, was presented, by the assistants in the employ of Messrs. P.ters and Slartin, to the former gentleman, he having re tired from the firm. On Thursday morning the pole of a carriage belonging to Mr. J. H. Angas, J.P., which was being driven on the grounds of the Exhibition Building, was broken. The driver was pulled from his seat, and the pair of horses bolted. Considerable excitement was occa sioned, but fortunately the damage done was trifling. We are informed that at the annual meeting in connection with the Athelstene In stitute Messrs. Walters and Buasell were elected Auditors, and not Messrs. Walters and Emery as stated in our paragraph. We are also required to mention that Miss Eollen was re-elected librarian, which position she has held for some time past to tne satisfaction of all. A meeting of the Early Closing Com mittee was held at the Town liall Chambers on Thursday, 23rd February, Mr. John Chirk in the chair. The meeting was held chiefly to arrange preliminaries for the forthcoming en tertainment to be held at the Town Hail on Monday, March 6th. It was decided to re quest the assistance of seveial influential gen tlemen to aid in carrying out the resolution arrived at by the Committee. The passengers by the Lubra report that a discovery of gold has been made in the Port Linooln district. We understand Mr. Darwent states that Mr. Lowe, from Fort Lin coln, informs him that a trell-sinker found gold in that quarter some weeks ago. The exact locality we are not able to state, but, without doubt, it will soon be made known; and it is to bb hopid that a diggings of some importance will result from this find. Our attention has been called to the fact that, in Dr. Popham'a letter on the mys terious death on Hindmarsh Island, injustice is done to Dr. Maclachlan, of Goolwa. Dr. Popham says Dr. Maclachlau's name " doe? not appear in the list of qualified medical practi tioners." This is a mistake, as his name appears in the official list published in the Government Gazette, and also in Boothby'a Almanac. We regret that Dr. Pepham has led us into publishing an incorrect statement which will naturally cause annoyance to Dr. Maclachlan. ! The anniversary of Tongkillo Primi tive Methodist Chapel was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. Two Bermons were preached on the Sabbath by the Rev. W. Jenkin, of Woodside. On the following day a public tea was held, after which a lecture was delivered by th« Rev- W. Jenkin "On the Gipsies," the Rev. C. Olayfield, of Mount Pleasant, in the chair. Only the first part of the lecture was delivered, which look one hour and a half in delivery; Mr. Jenkin promised to give the second part in a month's time, and the people were very pleased at the prospect of another treat, having enjoyed themselves exceedingly well on the present occasion. Proceeds of the anniversary, £13 Bs. 9£d. For a day or. two past ruiiors have been afloat to the effect that Mr. C. E. Tide maun, auctioneer and member of the City Council, was missing. _ It was then reported that the police were anxiously looking after him on a grave charge which would necessitate his ap pearance in the Supreme Court. Although we heard the rumor, at the request of the police we refrained from mentioning it, as we wereas siired that to give publioity te it might Interfere with the course of public justice. As, however, the subject has now become a matter of publia notoriety, it would be mere affectation to act as if we were ignorant of it. We understand Mr. Tidemann has been missing since Sunday last, and that the police hay 3 not yet got any clue to his whereabouts. The annual meeting of the Vigneron?' Club was held at Aldridge'a Prince Alfred Hotel on February 22; Mr. J. Crompton in the chair. Several new members were admitted. Mr. & Davenport was elected President, Mr. J. Ciompton Vice-Prcsidect, and Mr. E. B. Heyne Hon. Secretary, and a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. T. Hardy for his past ser vices as Secretary. Several matters connected with wine-making were debated, and it was de teimined to hold quarterly meetings of the Club, fur discussion, &c; Dr. Kelly, with the Vice-President and Secretary, were appointed j to draw up a paper on the danger of cirbonio I acid gas in wine vats and tanks, and have it published. After tasting some ohoioo wines, a. pleasant meeting closed. On Thursday evening, February 23rd, Mr. G. Francis read a paper before the Chamber of Manufactures, illustrative of " The Growth of Silk, and the Practical Management of the Silkworm in South Australia," There was not so large an attendance as might hive been ex pected, considering that agriculturists and others from the country were in town attending the Agricultural Show. After waiting three quarters of an hour, it was decided that Mr. Francis should lead the paper, and he did so. It was of a very exhaustive nature, tracing the history of the silkworm, speaking of its habits and the way to rear it; also the different kinds of food it lived on, and the tray to adapt Us pro duce for exportation, and it was listened to with much attention. Mr. S. Davenport occu pied the chair, and in commencing the proceed ings, spoke of the importance of sericulture and its adaptability to South Australia. He also expressed regret at the small attendance, and the absence of His Excellency the Governor. A, vote of thanks was, on the motion of Mr. C. Peacock, unanimously accorded Mr. Francis for his paper, and the proceedings terminated. A public service in connection with the Bible Christian district meeting was held in the Young-street Chapel, on Wednesday evening, when the Rev. J. Hancock preached the official sermon. He founded his remarks on a part of the 2nd verse of the 19th chapter of the Acts—"Have ye received the Holy Ghost?" The different titles of the Holy Spirit were first referred to, and then His attributes were dwelt upon. Appropriate passages of Scripture were pointed out, in which i Ess omnipotence, omniscience,. and omnipiesence were dearly proved. We needed more of the Spirit, as experimental godlines? was impossible apart from His presence. After the sermon the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to a large number communi cants. On the following morning the sittings were resumed at the appointed hour. A reso lution was passed sympathising with the Bey. J. Way in his failing health, aad expressing a high appreciation of his past labors. The greater part of the^day was taken up in dis cussing the desirability of dividing those circuits which are too large to be satisfactorily worked. On Tuesday evening, 21st instant, a meeting of a very interesting character was held in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, the ob ject being to bring more prominently before the publia the present state of the Port Institute, which has been for some time past in & very unsatisfactory state. His Worship the Mayor {Mr. J. Formby) presided, and commenced the proceedings, by stating briefly the object for whioh they were assembled, and then intro ducing the Bey. Mr. Hendenon, who gave 'a abort but very interesting lecture, on "The Oddities of Genius." Resolutions were pro posed affirmative of the desirability of the In stitute beini? more generally supported than hitherto. The meeting closed by the Port Ade laide Volunteer Brass Band playing the National Anthem. Subsequently a meeting of subscribers was held to elect officers for the ensuing year, when the following gentlemen were elected:—Patron—Captain Hart; Presi dent, Mr. J. Formby; Committeemen, Rev. Mr. Green, Bey. J. Henderson, Messrs. J. Barm, W. B. Webb, G. W. Smith, J. Evans, W. L. Bayly. C. D. Aston, A. XfeilL Brad ahaw, Campbell. As soon as it was known that amateurs belonging to H.M.S. Blanche would give a Christy Minstrel entertainment in aid of the Prince Al'red Sailors' Home, it wa< felt cer tain that their kindnes? and generosity would be duly appreciated, and so the sequel proved, for at the performance at White's Booms, on Thursday evening, February 23, there was a very large attendance, hoth the reserved and un reserved seats being well filled. The proceeds will doubtless be a very considerable accession to tiie funds of the deserving institution. The entertainment was of a most enjoyable cha racter, the performer*, as a whole, manifesting much ability. The music, both vocal and in strumental, was really good—indeed, a violin solo was given in a very superior manner. The acting was capital, and the witticisms caused great merriment. There was some admirable dancing, especially a sailors' hornpipe, which secured the hearty applause of the audience. The programme included a negro burlesque, which was very amusing, and most creditably gone through. A female character in it was ably impersonated. The entertainment wound up with " a plantation walk-round," everybody evidently being perfectly delighted with the evening they had spent in the company cf re presentatives of the Blanche. 