WAIFS AND S-ntAAS. Br Auto lyc 13 " A Snapvcram of 1/itconsnhreH, T>fe— Tlio Dalby JTeraid of, Saturday contains such ft precious gift; about tlio nmnagoinent or nusma-mo inont of tlio.Brisbano Gaol, that 1 can t help an idea from it. Howevor, as I give it hack agau with oil tlio innocouco I am copapio 01 j-'- can only daugli say, "ourso his iinpiidenco j n a cheorftilly accept your own property again— nono llio worso for wear as I venture to hopo. laughing' at your greoimess. Sir. Kditor, when yoi couiraonco writing about gaols, and sich like. JJw» your verdant. iioudle, you ciumot know what you are talking or writing about whon you say Onr pri«ms are to viudicato tho laws, not to n floril fiwilitiuslo breaking thom." If you Jmd said ought to, nYc:, thoro might be some reason in your words, honestly -encax- "inUTbutif you'knew ttsrmuoh about gaols as Autoiy-- ous does, you would novor wonder at anything that takes placo thoro, nor say that anything ought to bo otherwiso than tho Governor and the turnkeys wm have it to bo. If yon really want to know anything for certain about gaols, you must get into oue. atui thon you'll soon know, practically, tlio real facts ol tho caso ; but, as from oxporience, I know tluit tlio Brisbane gaol is not tho ptooo for the dolectation ol lmnnst mon. like voursou, Mr. Editor, you must either remain iu that ignoranco which somo say is bliss, or you must bo contout to tako at socond-lianu tho experimental knowledge of mon like jAutolyous, who can tell tlio truth about such placc3— that is,. it it suits their interest to tell the truth, otherwiso you can't boliovo oren what they say, < fiat thai I am forbid, To tell iIm occreU of my pdson-hoiua l" which I'am not— ...r I could a Ule unfold— and I'll sot about it at onco t— # , . . You must know, thon — but I wish to intimate that an honest fit has seized mo, so you may boliovo orory word I now soy— onco upon a timo, when jolly old Sam Snoyd kept tho hotel so generally known by his name, I happened to bo travelling about Queensland, —or rather, about Brisbane— and as I wandered as innocent as a sucking duck up ono strcot and down anothor, and wondered at the dullness of everything, not excluding roysolf— there was somo reason for ray dullnoss, for I was considerably out of luck ; had only threepence halfpenny (in tokens) in my pockot : and liad tramped about thirty miles that day — a Sobby, whom I hod noticed at tho corner of Edward and Queon streets, and who sooraa to have had nothing better to do thau to notico mo, camo up and asked me what I was doing. I replied, I boliovo, rather wittily ; but I soon found that tho bruto didn't at atl understand my wit, for ho soized mo with ono hand by tho collar of my coat, and with tho other by tho breech, and mooting with anothor of tho force, who held we by the throat to prevent tho possibility of mv escape, hurried me at railway speed into tlio look up on the hill, in Queen-street, whoro ho oharged me with vugraney, and then lockod mo up in a atona- floored dungeon. I was pretty warm with ray impul sive race, and somewhat out of breath, when I was ushered into tho cell ; but I soon got my breath ; grew cool again j and began to consider tho sell to which I was a victim. As I got coot I found tho air of the cell was a lectio cooler ; and as it wastis dark as pitch, I felt about to find out if possible what sort of quarters I had got - ' In so doing I tumbled over a eofi lump of someUirag that I soon becamo awaro was a lump of black humanity, dead drunk, and wrapped ' up comfortably in blankets. Well, said I, I think I should like a blankot before morning, so I knocked und knocked until tho Cerberus barked at me, and, in reply to my request, politoly informed mo that I might go to ,an uncomfortably warm placo. I sup pose ho thought I took liis advice at once, for he novcr camo near ogain that night. Turning to my sablo brother in misfortuue, who had been somowhut roused by the noise tho white follows had roado, I appealed to hi cliarity, querying, " Am I not a man and a brother," as I recollected scoing the words, oe nsed- by-a nior-to ft-whito fellow, somo.lialfcenturyA ago. "Baal that!" ho replied, and I got through tho night as well as I could, in a standing posture. (Foot, whether you belipvo it or not !) Noxt.dny I was duly convicted uudcr the Yagraut Act, and sent for a fort night to Snoyd's Hotel. Old Sam grinned as ho sighted mo, oud duly consigned mo as another of his jewels to tho kind caro of Mr. -(I forget his naroo ; ho's dead now), tho head turnkey, by whom I was searched, my mouth/as well as my.othar mem bers, and then turned into a yard along. with about forty other short-timers. "After boing, with duo etiquette, introduced to tho community,' 'who seemed to bo as much used up as any Sir Gliarlcs Coldstream, and who certainly considered it infra dig, to associate with Autolycus, I copied tlio rest, and did nothing, until a move was raado towards the cook-house, and from thence right wheel to the dormitory. There is often but a step between extremes ; ;ono step may tako you from the' firm ground of a clifT to tho dizzy whirl in mid-air, over tho face of tho preoipico : somo; say, tho nearer to church, tho farther from lieavon, and on that principle, I suppoao, about forty criminal were lodg 1W fchn pn/fl ohftpeL_!f-Clcanliness.noxt.to, godliness," I havo heard somo say ; but; if tho pro verb havo any truth in it (which I doubt): a'raore un godly place tlum that samo chanol I never put foot into, for the vory ghost of cleanliness bad long bin adieu to its precincts. Tired out with my last night's patroI ®cizod'with nvidity'tho frowsy rug that wm thrown to mo, searched for tho softost plauk ort tho floor, loid 'down tho rug, thon laid down nnysolf, pulled the fold- of 'tho rug over mo, and slept tho sloop of tired nature." How long I slept I know-not, but I d roamed that my narao was Bottom, and tliat a myriad of elfs and fairies wcro pricking.mo with their spears, becauso I had raado lovo to thoir auoen Titania. Unablo to bear tho torment, I awoko shout ing murder! "What's up?" demanded my next floor-mate. As I still folk the thrusting of tho trav spoars, I roplied accordingly, " Go to sleep, you fool, "it'flonlytuo jlea!' GbtdsleoprwaB-out-of-tho question however i and as I friskod and twisted about until tlio daylight appeared, I montally solved tliat I would instantly repent of tho crime of -vagrancy, -and— novcr,-- novcr— commit_ony_offenco greater rhon robbery or murder ; as I should thon avo one .of tho clean stono colls, and a bcd-plnco. To cut my long yum, und como to tho end of my talo ns soon as possible, I will briefly tell you how I spent the day after this night. You lmvo thon to imagino ditto, repeated for a » fortnight, and save me and yourself further troublo. After wo wore turned out into the yard, a rush was made to a tub of water in tho corner, which was seized, together with sundry slips of soap, by .about a dozen sturdy rogues who were determined to have all tho cloanlincss to thom- selves, and who washed their faces, and then their shirts in the '.water';.' while .tlio romuindor, who got neither, wator nor soap, hail to .continuo lo follow the Esquimaux fashion, and scratch themselves eloan if they could. - After broakfost wo woro turned into another yard, where somo fools out or>pilod wood for the cookhouse,, whilst those who were. moro fond of ease, played at draughts with white and blaok buttons, or amused thqnisolves and edified othqrgby tolling tales tf /a Prince Regoiit's fashion, as liar-, rated in tho Gentleman's Magazine, "more remark- ablo for pi'jnancy than for' propriety This aristo crat lo or royal pastime continued until look-up tnno, nud— but you liavo had oiiough of it — nud so had I. When at . tho expiration of my sentonco, I recoivcd my threepunco half-penny again, and .was turned out, I considered mysolf a martyr to cxporimontat wdmIoim, and dotormiuod novor to sot foot iu llrisbano for tho moraUof-my. uko. Don't you see that the best way to deter oflendors is to uso tho hoinvopbutic system of ouro?. Lot tlio unfortunato vagrant whoso offoiico is povorty and filth, bo sliown grouter misery and filth in tho gaol j let tho thief be taught tho inlBory of such vico/by permitting his follow thieves to rob him of any ami ovorything ho can lose ; let tho murdorer bo munlorod— and so on through tho chapter, and dopund upon it, like homcopathie poisons, 'if tho system don't kill, it will euro i and vice versa. .... A onARAOTEH named Silvester Augustus Tottenham Kiuflclla Oourtenny was, at Brisbane, on Tuesday, sentenced to six'montlis' hard labor on tho roods for 'obtaining £5 under falHo pretoncos — about fivo wcoks for oaeh namo. Reward pon Gold Dircovery.— It may not bo generally known that Boyd, tho discoverer of tho Iiubil Goldfields, luis received a royrnnl of £100. May wo accept this as ovidonco that tho Minister for Mines is beginning to soothe error of his ways? By tho wuv, wo may also mention thuL tlio Imuil escort has been discontinued.— -Qgmpic Times. . " ! 