The Storyteller. A BRAVE BOY'S BATTLE. CHAPTER XII. BEFORE WIND AND SEA. BY LEON LEWIS. WiTH a bursting heart Gorse bent orer the boy, and chafed his hands, and called upon him loudly to arouse himself. " Waken, Eddy !" he shouted. " O God! ha mast be dead! Eddy—speak to me!" In his agony, he rubbed the boyiah face, and plunged his hand in Eddy's shirt, rubbing the fleah above bia lungs and heart with vigorous hands. "Ho will never wake again," he muttered, "tillhe wakes in heaven ! Ah, what is this?" For Eddy had started, bis legs twitching convnUively, his hands trembling. Gorae raited him up, and Eddy opened his blue eyes wide in • wondering stare. Gorse welcomed this return to consciousness with a burst of tears. " I thought you were dead," he said, in a quivering voice. " That Yellis came near kill ing you—" *' Tea, yes, I remember," cried Eddy, putting hi* hand to his forehead. " Vellia knocked me down and left me to dio. And you rescued me, Ichabod ? But we must be off. The boat—" He stared around the silent deck with a frightened face. " The last boat is gone, Eddy. It left while : I was below, searching for you. They were all saved but you and me; but they hare left ub to die!" "To die !" exclaimed Eddy, in a piercing voice, as he staggered to his feet. " But I can't die, Ichabod—l can't die!" " I'd like to live as well as anybody," said Lpoor Gorse. "As I bent over you before you Icame back to life, I thought all in one minute of pretty Hetty Plummer that I meant to marry, and of the farm I meant to buy, and the life I had looked forward to, and it seemed hard to die here, almost in sight of land!" "We will not die without making an effort to save our lives, anyhow," said Eddy, deter minedly. " Can't we make a raft ?" \- Where are the boards ?" "In the steerage. You know that the bunks in the steerage are made of movable boards, which are taken down and piled up to make room for cargo on the return voj age ? We can make a raft of those boards. And there's a coil of rope on the deck here—" Eddy's energy infected Gorse instantly. "Enough!" he interrupted. "I'll go into the steerage after the boards." '•And I will try to get some provisions and L water," returned Eddy. I Eddy was making his way to the galley, when he espied on the deck a keg of water and a bag of biscuits, which had been removed from the list boat to make room for a passenger. He seized them and bore them to the coolest end of the steamer. As Gorße had not yet returned, Eddy made a trip to the cabin, which he found in a state of the wildest confusion. Passengers' outfits were strewn on every side. Blankets, clothing, fire atma, and various other articles were heaped up in the wildest confusion. Eddy selected a OOuple of guns and ammunition and several blankets, and made a search, for a compass, which he could not find. With his acquisi tion*, he hurried back to the stern of the vessel. Gorae was there before him with a couple of span and a pile of stout boards and planks, and he was already busy in weaving them together in the form of a raft, on the lee side of the deck, in such a position as to be easily launched. Eddy lent his assistance, and the work pro* greased rapidly. " There! that is a sailor's knot, Eddy," said the Ohioan, his fingers moving deftly. "We must do our work well. Those slender boards were the guards at the front of the bunks. There are four of them, and will serve for oars. We shall have a famous rafc in no time. I wonder how near the fire is to the magazine now ?" " I am sure we shall get off safely," answered Eddy, not looking up from his work. " I think the wind mußt be changing. We don't seem to go so fast now." "There's a squall coming, and this is a sort of 101l before it. ihe wind is dying oat. All the better for our launch, Eddy, only somehow there's a kind of dread in the air, a sort of hushed expectancy, as if nature was holding her breath to see us blow up. There, the raft is made. We must lower her." .i Attaching ropes to their really creditable raft. they lowered it to the water's edge. Eddy climbed over the vessel's side, descending to their frail ark of safety, and Gorae lowered to him the keg of water, the bag of biscuits, the blankets, guns, and a hatchet and some naita, which had been tumbled out of one of the small boats in the moment of loading. " 'Tisn't likely they'll be of any use to üb," he said, " unless to strengthen the raft; but as they lie in my way I'll take them. Here are the boards for the oar?, Eddy. And here's a long piece of rope. We may want it for the raft. Steady her, my boy ; I'm coming." Gorse cautiously descended to the raft, and cut the ropes that had attached it to the ehip, using the hatchet. Then each seized one of the impromptu oars and they drifted away from the steamer. For many minutes_ieither spoke. The dread hush of which Gorso had spoken was etill in the air. The grey sly full of angry clouds maseing themselves for war ; the grey sea, with its white cups, w^-re full of evil omen. It seemed, as Gorse bad suid, as if nature were "holding her breath," in expectation of the coming catastrophe. EJdy and Gor=e pulled nervously at their improvised oars, and the small raft sped onward over the waters, in the direction taken by the boats. They had held to tkoir task a full half hour, when Eddy for the first time paused in his labor and broke the silence. "I am very tired, Ichabod," he said, in a quick, panting voice. "My head still hurts me —I muat,rest." He wiped his wet forehead, and breathed heavily. Gorse relaxed his own efforts and looked back at the ship. She lay at some distance from them, but distinctly visible even to her ropes. A slender, lurid ilame was shooting up amid ships. " We are still dangerously near to her," Gorse muttered. " Too near. The end can't be far off." He seized his oars again, as Eddy exclaimed quickly: " Look at the sky. The squall is coming!" Gorse hastily obeyed. The «ky was full of menace. Already the wind was freshening, and a sort of shuddering moan pulsed through it. " It's coming!" ejaculated the Ohioan. "We must! lash our provisions to the raft, or we shall lose them. There's a fierce blow coming." The two set to work to lash to the raft, with their spare ropes, their keg of water and their i guns. The biscuits were wrapped in the blan -1 kets, as were the hatchet and nails, and also 1 lashed securely to the frail craft. " You're completely U9cd lip, Eddy," said ! Gorse, when the task bad been satisfactorily com- I pleted. You never will be able to cling to 1 these boards when the winds turn us inside out I and upside down. You see the raft is two i boards thick, and I don't really expect her to upeet, but we must be prepared for such an oc- : currence. There's a piece of rope. Fix your- I eelf in a comfortable position, and I'll pass the rope over your legs and waist and secure it to the raft." # Without waiting for Eddy to answer, he carried out his idea, securing Eddj firmly to ! the board?, yet leaving him sufficient room for j freedom of motion. " I'll serve myself the same way," he mur mured. " Can't take too many precautions. And I'll secure the oars too. Nothing like being I on the safe side. Here we are with our sails reefed, to speak figuratively, our hitches down, | and everything taut and trim. I could wish we were further off from the steamer, but perhaps we are safe here.'" Even while they looked, the vessel's hulk I seemed suddenly to expand, and a frightful ( sound, like the roar of a thousand caunon, filled the air. For a brief space the whole sea and sky—they had rowed to .the southward— was one terrible glare, as the living flames, re leased from durance, seized upon the broken remnants of the doomed vessel and held wild riot. As if the explosion had been a signal, heaven's artillery began to discharge itself. The sullen thunder boomed through the darkening air ; the wind, like an unloosed demon, scourged the waters, and shrieked and moaned till the two voyagers looked at each other in pale dis may. Then the squall, one of those swift, terrible storms peculiar to the hot latitudes, raged with terrific fury. Eddy had occasion now to bless the wise forethought that had bound him to the raft. The waves dashed over him, and over his com panion, drenching them thoroughly, and the frail craft tossed up and down, and was whirled this way and that, until Eddy and Gorse were absolutely breathless, and nearly drowned. " I'd rather be on this thing than in one of those crowded boats," gasped the Ohioan, ejecting the salt water from his mouth. " They are likely to be upset, and the one that that Jonah's in I'm sure will be. Every bone in my body aches. I've heard of gymnasiums, but this is the liveliest gymnasium ever invested. This sort of experience, Eddy, ant the kind to attach one to life." " I think the cold waves have done my head good," said Eddy. " I feel revived, but I'm terribly weak. I suppose that Yellis thinks I'm dead!" " You may be sure of that. He was one of those passengers that prevented the return of the boat to our assistance. I may have a chance to settle with Mr. Jacob Yellis yet. I come of a race that always pays their debts." "Ichabod," said Sddy, gently, a little later, " there seems to be a great many perils at sea. ! If I should die before I get to California, and you know it's possible, won't you take up my mission where I lay it down, and find my father, and tell him of my mother's peril ?" The mist of spray between the pair was so thick that Gorse could not see Eddy's face, although he made the effort. He only saw that the boy's weary head had fallen low on his breast, and that his attitude was one of utter j weariness. . I "Don't talk of dying, Eddy," he said, in a ! choking voice. " You'll live to be an old man | yet—see if you don't. But I'll make the pro- ! mise you want, and swear to keep it. If any- j thing happens to you, I'll find your father, and I'll avenge you on that Vellis—eee if I don't!" Eddy reached out one cold, wet hand, and Gorse clasped it firmly. The physical- contact seemed to invigorate the lad. " Ichabod," he said, thoughtfully, in a lull of tho squall, a sudden idea occuring to him, " do you suppose there are uninhabited iilands in this region ?" " Lots of them," declared Gorse. " I used to teach school, and I know considerable about these West Indies. There are uninhabited islands of the dreariest description. And there are other islands occupied by savages, who live on turtles and fish. Some of the islands are mere sand specks, sb barren as a desert, and others are bits of reck. Heaven preserve us j from being wrecked on an island! We'd stand i a good chance of never getting off it. There's | an island called Serrano Island somewhere I hereabouts. Heaven keep us away from it's shores !" said Gorse, energetically. " A sailor j named Pedro Serrano was wrecked on that island about a hundred years ago, in the lively days of Spanish cruising in these waters. He found the place a mere sand-heap, utterly un inhabited and uninhabitable, littered with great turtle shells, and without a tree to screen him ! from the sun or shelter him from the storm. He found no water—no nothing." I "I should think he would have died," mur mured Eddy. " He wasn't that sort, or else his time hadn't I come. He had real good grit, if he was a Spaniard. He set to work to make a Robinßon I Crusoe of himself in short metre. Everything seemed to come to him by inspiration. He caught turtles and sucked their blood for drink, and made provision for the future by scooping out the turtle shells, and turning them up to < catch the next rain. He made him a houee of drift-wood and turtle-shell. Of course it wasn't a mansion, but there want any neighbors to turn up tbir noses at his establishment or make I him envious with their brown-stone fronts. He I set the fashions and followed them to suit him- I self. lie had no backbiting, do scandal-mon gering on his domain. He waß governor and I population, president and people. But I reckon i he got lonesome sometimes as the years passed, ' and no sail came near his island, and no human 1 voice hailed him." I " Why, was he there years ?" : " 3even years. He got to be a hairy sort of i monster in the course of time, as jou may sup pose," said Gorse, willing to air bis knowledge i even in that situation for the benefit of hi* tired i young companion, and willing to lose sight of | nia own distress in the narration of Serrano's ! thrilling story. "When he had been there three years, another sailor was wrecked on the same island. The stranger took Serrano to be the devil, for Serrano had a monstrous beard and a hairy body, but he soon found out his mistake, and the two became friends. A few days later they quarrelled, and divided the is land between them. I suppose the new man Had broken some of the lawß of the island, or put on airs, or some such thing. But they soon made up the quarrel, and lived together happily four years. At the end of that time—seven years from Serrano's shipwreck—a vessel came along that way, the island prisoners signalled to them, and were rescued. The island is just aa barren and desolate now as then. So living being inhabits it. Even the gulls have too much sense to roost there." " I hope we sha'n't drift on such an island," muttered Eddy. " We'll take to the oars again presently." " The squall may only be the precursor of a downright storm," said Gorge, with an anxious look at the sky. "We can't use those paddles in this sea, even if we were not already tired out." All day long the voyagers drifted at the mercy of the winds and the waves. Ihe wind was still high, and the sea rough. Both were exhausted, and in the afternoon tired Nature claimed its dues and sealed their eyes in slumber. They were awakened hours later by a grating shock that caused them to spring upright. The shock was repeated. It was now night, and pitchy dark. The wind had increased again. Neither of the pair could at first guess what had happened, but a suspicion of -the truth flashed on Eddy's mind. » " We have struck upon a shore, Icbabod !' he cried out. " How dark it is ! Where can we be ? What kind of a place are we wrecked on ? Do you suppose there are savages here ?" Chaptbb XIII. BTOBMBOtTND. As the eyes of Eddy Burns and of Ichabod Gorse became aocustomed to the deep night gloom, after their sudden awakening, and as the shock that had aroused them from their slum bers was again and again repeated, they knew' that their frail raft was indeed beating against some shore. > "We shall have to land, Eddy," said Gone, peering forward into the darkness. "We can't back off in the teeth of this wind. We're going to hare a regular nor'-wester. That squall this morning was the precursor of a regular old blow-out. Under the circumstances, lam not sure but even a sand-heap is a better and safer refuge for us than the sea. Depends of course, though, on what sort of island it is." " This" is not a mere Band heap," said Eddy. " I can make out trees ahead of us—" " Your eyes are better than mine then, my boy. It's as if a big black cloth were hung be fore my eyes. Ido think the tropics afford the brightest and the darkest nights ever seen. The air might be made of ink to-night. Hear the wind tuning up ? Lucky we are ashore, pro- Tided we don't fall into bad hands," Eddy looked keenly around him, endeavoring to form some idea of the shore upon which they had been bo strangely hurled. They made a fire of drift wood, which flaming high in the wind, lit up a section of wild, dark sea, with leaping white crests, a stietch of sandy beach, dotted with scrambling turtles making for the friendly water, and a background of palm-trees whose tall columnar stems were sur mounted with graceful plumed crests. The is land vegetation was tropical in its character and luxuriance, but was not dense. Eddy could see among the dim aisles formed by the trees, shadowy glades and patches of green grass. There were trees other than palms, and Spanish moss and trailling vines were flung like veils from their branches, and fluttered weirdly in the wind. In the midst of his survey, G-orse called to him, exhibiting triumphantly a turtle steak .which he was about to lay upon the fire. " There," said the Ohioan, " I've added an other trade to the many I've been professor of, the new trade of butcher. See any fresh water ?" " No, I haven't been far. We shall have to wait until morning to make our explorations. Shall I fetch the water from the raft ?" " I'll do it. You are not strong enough. Just watch this steak, and don't let it burn. There are a conple of sharp sticks, that will answer for knife and fork.1' Relinquishing his culinary duties into Eddy's hands, Gorse hurried to the raft, returning with the keg of water. Another journey was made for the biscuits, which were found to be well soaked with sea water, despite the precautions Gorse had taken to preserve them from injury. " Wish we had a little pepper and salt,'.' mut tered Gorse. "It's human nature to want something you haven't got, you know." " Yes, I know," said Eddy, " but the biscuits must be very salty, so we eha'n't mind the fresh ness of the meat. How good that steak smells. Isn't it almost done ?" Gorse assenting, Eddy rambled along the shore, procuring a few half shells that seemed to have belonged at some period to an oyster or scallop. That was an odd scene and worthy of special description, with its foreground of surging sea, its background of waving palms, and that itretch of lonely shore, with the two human figures crouching iv the sands in the red and fitful glare of the drift- wood fire. " I reckon we are better off than those in the boats," observed Gorse, the steam arising from his garments in a fine mist. " That squall must have done them some damage. They can't keep on to the southward in the face of a wind blow ing great guns like this. I'm afraid that harm has come to them. If the boats have not been upset, they'll scud in this direction, you may be sure. I shouldn't wonder if they drifted past us in the night." "We'll keep our fire burning as a beacon, then," eaid Eddy. " The wind blows steadily now. If it holds from its present quarter, we can't get off on our raft to-morrow." " We may as well look the matter in the face, Eddy," observed Gorse. "We are likely to be wind-bound or storm-bound here for a week. We must make the best of our situation. Re pining won't help us." Eddy sighed, remembering his parents, but be was hopeful as well as brave, and uttered no complaints. " God knows best," he murmured, stifling a pang that convulsed his soul. " I can leave mother in His bands!" The two finished their supper, which was ap petising after their long fast, secured their raft beyond danger of losing it by wind or wave, dried their garments by the fire, and at length lay down to slumber on the warm sands, in the protecting glow of the fire. The waves beat ceaselessly the long hours through upon tbat desolate shore; the sky above them was inky in its blackness; the wind raged over the sea, and swept like a howling demon among the trees; great, ungainly turtles crept on the sanda, among the shadows in the dis tance j but the sleeper* heard and heeded 1 neither wave, nor wind, nor reptile. They slept as profoundly as though no anxieties or perils encompassed them, and it was well that this was so. *It was broad daylight when they awakened. The sun was shining brightly, the sky was clear, and the day was fine. The wind, however, still blew from the south- west, and with such force that the pair at once relinquished all thought of embarking that day. "It will be like rushing to our own destruc tion," said Gorse, as he arose and stretched bis long, lank, ungainiy figure, " to set off with this wind against us. I doubt if we could launch the raft, and with all our exertions with the paddles we couldn't even hold our own against the wind. No, sir. We've got to play Bobin son Orusoe whether we will or no." j " We'll begi i by having breakfast, and then we'll explore the island," suggested Eddy. The fire had gone out, and only grey ashes re* mailed where it had been. Eddy collected drift-wood and proceeded to build a new fire ■ after the manner of the previous one. The wind blew'tbe smoke and flames seaward, and a large fire was presently in full glow. Gorse out turtle steak with the aid of the hatchet and his pocket knife, raked out some coals as soon as there were any, and laid the meat on to broil. " I've read of shipwrecks in stories," he ob ■served meditatively, " but I can't exactly re member of any hero just in our predicament. Generally, in stories, the her j is washed ashore, and lots of barrels and boxes and bales—enough to set up a shop—are washed after him, and he sets up housekeeper in an A tent, of the newest style; with a French bed, blankets, and so on, and his pantry is filled with coffee, tea, salt and pepper, and a keg of butter, with other neces saries and luxuries. And he just lives in clover till he gets tired, when up comes • Teasel and rescues him. No such luck for us. Our ship wreck is of the Serrana type, I'm afraid. It's the hard, bitter reality." "It might be worse," said Eddy. " We've got shade, and Serrana hadn't that. We have plenty to eat and drink, if we haven't coffee and salt. I don't ace why we shouldn't make salt. We could boil some sea-water in that great turtle-shell, and when the water evaporated, we'd have all the salt we would need." " We'll do it!" said Gorse energetically. «It's a great thing to have your wits about you. I begin to see why your mother waa so willing to ; let you go to California; you are so self-reliant and ready-witted. As to me, if my wit comes to me in the course of a week after I make a demand on it, I call myself luoky. Tou'd be astonished, Eddy, at the lots of brilliant speeches I think of tho day after I want 'em. But it takes all sorts to make the world," he concluded, philosophically. "If Hetty Plummer is only satisfied with me, Fve no call to fall oat with myßelf!" " Are you and Miss Plummer engaged," in quired Eddy, delicately, as he watched the steak broil. "Engaged! Well, we are and we ant," responded Gorse. "You see, matters are this way. The old man Plummer is the tightest, meanest, stingiest old coon in Ohio. He thinks just because he's got a hundred acres of land, he's a sort of Lord Mogul. He seta a store by land and money. I shinned around Hetty the whole winter I was singing-master, and sometimes she was as sweet as June weather, and sometimes she was so cold and so polite that I just wondered what she was up to. She's a pretty piece, is Hetty, with red cheeks and blue eyes, but I'm blest if I know exaotly what to make of her always. A man that can understand a womas, in my opinion, is a good many pegs higher in point of learning than a fellow that talks Hebrew, Ohaldee, orChoctaw!" ( He looked at Eddy inquiringly, but the boy modestly confessed to a total ignorance upon the subject. " Happy youth!" breathed the ex-school master. " I am not the man I was before I knew Hetty Plnmmer. The way that girl has snubbed me! It got worse after that citified clerk, with his bear's grease, and his cane, and his back hair parted smoothly, and his perfu mery, set up in the store at the Corners. He took a fancy to Hetty, and old Plummer, hear ing that the popinjay had a rich father, sort of backed him. Then Hetty veered around to my side. Before that she'd been as cold as the north side of a barn in January. Well, I pro posed and the popinjay proposed. Hetty said she'd have me, and Plummer said she shouldn't. Finally he got down off his high horse and said Hetty could marry the man that had a farm the size of his, and in the neighborhood, and he gave Popinjay and me two years to fetch things around. Hetty promised to be faithful to me, and I started for California. Popinjay set out to visit his pa. Women are uncertain creatures. Sometimes I think I'll get Hetty, and sometimes I think I'll get the mitten. Popinjay's stock is up this morning," he added gloomily. " And yours is below par ?" laughed Eddy. "It will all come out right, Ichabod. There's your pocket-book which I saved for you. That may contain the nest-egg of a big fortune." Gorse caught the pocket-book, stowing it away on his person. The steak was by this time well cooked, and they served it upon the oyster or scallop shells, washing it down with draughts of water from the keg, and eating with it dried sea-biscuits. " If I were an alderman, I presume I should be charmed with turtle meat," said Gorse, after a little. " But lam not educated up to it. j think it tastes a little musty ; and the water tastes brackish, How would it do to combine the two disagreeables into one. Why not have turtle soup for dinner ?" " Perhaps we can find some fresh water," sug gested Eddy. " Cooked with fresh water, your turtle soup would be simply stewed turtle. Are you ready for a walk ?" Gorse assented, arising, and the two, after a brief deliberation, set out to explore the island. The island upon which Eddy and Gorse had found refuge was a mere speck in that tropical sea, a tiny jewel upon the breast of the wide waters. It was irregularly oval in shape, about half a mile in length, and had been endowed by Nature with all her choicest gifts. The tall palm-treea were stately and beautiful; the few mahogany and cj press trees were in all the luxuriance of a flourishing vegetation; the vines that drooped from the branches or loosely festooned them selves in their growths from tree to tree, were starred with virid-hued blossoms, the fragrance of which scented the air. There were cool and shady nooks in the interior of the island, dells, into which the sunlight penetrated in specks and gleams, the trees forming a very bower above them. It seemed a very paradise into which Bin and soi-row had never penetrated. Eddy, and Gorse, feeling like two explorers upon the shores of an unknown world, walked along the sands, continually making diversions into the cool green recesses. Now some flower ! caught their eyes, and they mast inspect it. Then a bird with marrellous song was piping its notes almost in their ears, and they mast get a peep at him. " The island seems to be full of pleasant sur prises," said Eddy. "My mother used to hare a flower like that red one—it's a cactus—and it was a house plant with us. Do you see that little rill ? That may lead to a cool spring. Let us see." A tiny thread of sparkling water was trick ling across the sands, losing itself in the sea. It came from the interior of the island, and Eddy hastened to follow it to its source, Gorse accompanying him. A few minutes' walk brought them to a small, bubbling spring, whose waters were pure and I cold, and whose brim was mossy and flower grown. Eddy formed a bowl with his hands, and scooping up the water, drank it with an in- I finite enjoyment. It tasted, to him as might 1 hare tasted the fabled nectar. i Gorse followed his example, and the two congratulated themselves upon this valuable acquisition. " It's handy enough to our camp," said the I Ohioan. "We shall hate no end of comfort out of it. Good water is the first essential in housekeeping, and this is Al. I don't think even Ohio can beat that spring. The water is like crystal." " We can get turtles enough at night for food, and can make cur own salt by evaporating sea water. A few vegetables now would add variety to our supplies " -"We mustn't expect everything," returned Gorse. "We can shoot a few birds, I guess, and catch a few fish. But we need expect no thing more, and it will be* as well we find no thing more, or we might feel loath to leave such quarters." They walked on, pursuing their investigations, and making fresh discoveries with every step, until they had rounded the eastern end of the island, and had come upon the south-westerly end of the oval. " We are getting around to wbere we started," observed O-orse, with a glance at the sky. "We have^nade a little more than half the circuit of the island." An ejaculation at this moment escaped Eddy's lips, and he started abruptly, seising his com panion's arm. "Look!" he exclaimed. "t)oo't you see tome object lying on the beach, yonder ? It looks like a human being." " Lashed to mi oar. It is one. It may be a survivor of our vessel." With one acoord the two set out at a run along the beach toward the object Eddy had detected. It proved to be indeed a human being, lashed to a boat oar. His face was half hidden in the sands, and one arm was thrown above his head, concealing his hair. But there was something in the short, squat figure that arrested the steps of the pair as they came near, and they halted, looking at each other in wonder and dismay. "It looks like Yellis," said Eddy, in a low voice. " Looks like Squatty, and no mistake," whis pered the Ohioan. " Bat it can't be. It's im possible." The figure stirred feebly, and raised its head. The face was turned toward Eddy and Gorse, and they recognised it as the face of the boy's enemy—the face of Jacob Yellis. Chaptbb XIV. WASHING A YIPKB. The astonishment of Eddy and Gorse at their unwelcome discorery, was equalled if not exceeded by that of Vellis. He put up his hands as if to ward them off, and fell to shriek ing and moaning in the most pitiful manner. "Takes us for ghosts," uttered Gorge, not moving. " I don't wonder at it, the low-lived skunk. He supposes we were burnt up in the steamer, and it isn't bis fault we weren't. What are we to do with, him ? Try him, and hang him ?" Eddy snrreyed his prostrate and grovelling enemy in silence.. He saw that Vellis' face web haggard, and convulsed with fear and terror. The man had wronged him terribly—had made three distinct attempts upon his life —yet he had no feeling for him save pity. "We most do the'best we can for him, Icha bod," he said slowly, after a long pause. " You and I are not revengeful savages. As to his punishment for his crimes, we must not take the law in our own hands. We mast leave him to God, and to the retribution that will surely overtake him." " You don't mean to say you are going to minister to the wretch ?" Eddy noddid assent. " Well, if you can forgive him, I can," de clared Mr. Gorse. " But I think it's a great waste of generosity. I'd esteem it a privilege to give him what Paddy gave the drum, but I'll restrain my natural impulses. Only I think, my bt>y," he added, with a quizzical yet tender smile, " that you are almost too good for this world. You'll be dreadfully put upon if you forgive people instead of lamming them when they need lamming." Eddy smiled and moved toward Vellis, whose shrieks and groans became yet more painful as the boy drew near. " Keep off!" cried the villain, raising himself to a sitting posture, and tearing the bands that confined him to the oar. "Don't oome any nearer!" "Do you take me for a ghost ?" demanded Eddy, halting. "How—how did you escape?" he asked tremblingly. "We got off on a raft," replied Gone. " I went below and found the boy senseless on the cabin floor where you left him, you infernal scoundrel. I carried him up on deck, and sig nalled to the last boat, you viper. I thiak the captain would have come back for us, only for you and a few cowardly souls like you. We floated on our raft and landed on this island last night, you villain. How did you come here ?" By this time Vellis had recovered his calmness and self- confidence. He answered: " A squall struck us in the afternoon and up set our boat. I grabbed an oar, and the wind and waves carried me away from the others before I fairly got over my bewilderment. I tied myself to this oar, and floated all day and into the evening. Then I felt as if I were being pounded and hatchelled, as I was hurled on this shore. '■ I either fainted then or slept, I don't know which, and I did not awaken until I heard your steps. I suppose the captain and the others in our boat are lost. What island is this ?" "This, sir, is Gorse Island," replied the Ohioan coolly. " I expected your boat would upset, with such a Jonah in it." Vellis slowly arose to his feet, shaking the loose spray from his clinging garments. He , was the picture of physical exhaustion and misery. " Hare you bad anything to eat since you landed ?" he asked. " Yes, we brought off water and sea-biscuits with us," replied Gorse. "We had a delightful breakfast, green turtle steak, and so on." " Give me something," he said. " I've had nothing since yesterday morning. I'm chilled ' and wet and hungry. Giro me food." ' "Don't you wish I would?" said Gorse. " You've got an uncommon amount of check, my man, to call on me for your grub! If you want food, get it." "Where shall I get it?" he asked, and he glanced at the pistol that protruded from the opening in his shirt. "Is there game ?" " There's fish in the sea, you lummux," an swered Gorse, impatiently. " Fish for 'em." " I've no line nor hook, no net " "And no gumption," interrupted the ex. schoolmaster, delighting in the well-deserved misery of Eddy's enemy. " Well, there'll b* plenty of turtles ashore tonight. Take one of them. Turtle steak broiled over a good fire isn't to be sneezed at —" The Villain interrupted him with a howl of despair. " I can't wait till night," he moaned, sinking helplessly on the ground. I shall be dead by that time. I have nothing to kindle a fire. I am faint —weak. Have mercy on me, and give me food." Gorse shook his head solemnly. Eddy turned towards Gorse, his frank, boy ish features working with emotion. There were tears of pity in his blue, fearless eyes, and a look on his young face that roused the deepest tenderness in Goree's honest, rugged nature. " Ichabod," the boy said, softly, " what is it the Bible nays ? 'If thine enemy hunger " Gorse checked the quotation by a sudden gesture. " Have it your own way, my boy," he said, gently. " The man is your enemy. Do with him as you will. Only remember you are warming a viper." Eddy did not answer, but hurried away at full speed. As he disappeared along the shore, Vellis lifted his bloodshot eyes and asked where he had gone. " He is going to have his revenge upon you!" answered Gorse dryly. "He has gone to pre pare for it." "He has gone for a pistol ? He means to shoot me ?" the wretch cried jn a quavering voice. " You'll see when he comes back," said the Ohioan coolly, seating himself on a pile of drift-wood. Yellis held his breath in a speechless sus pense. He was too weak to defend himself in •ny case. He had not eaten any food since the previous day, as he had said, and he had been so buffeted by the waves that he was bruised acd sore in every joint. He resigned himself to a speedy death at the hands of the boy he had so deeply wronged, so often tried to foully ass* assinate. With bowed head he waited for his doom. Presently he heard the boy's quick, returning tread. He looked up sullenly to meet his fate. A hoarse cry escaped bis lips at the sight that met hia gaze. The boy was standing before him with food and drink, both hands full. " Are these for me ?" he said hoarsely. " Yes, for you," answered Eddy. The lad deposited the biscuits, the cold turtle ! steak, and the two deep shells of water upon the sands at bis enemy's feet, and retreated a few paces. "They—they ant poisoned?" asked Vellis, eyeing the tempting display wistfully. " Don't go to judging other people by your self," interposed Gorse. "I'd hare let you starve, and serve you right too. The boy's pity was dreadfully misplaced." Eddy's stern, rebuking gaze appeared to abash Vellis. Casting aside his suspicions, he reached out his hands and ate and drank with feverish rapidity. By the time he had finished, something of his old swagger and impudence had returned with his strength. 411 don't know but I am all right now," he exclaimed. " It's food that puts the pith into a man. Whereabouts are your quarters?" "At the northern end of the island," re sponded Gorse. " We've got a fire there " " We've got a camp, and blankets to make a tent," continued Gorse. "We shall get up some kind of a shelter in the course ot the day. We have got a good raft, and shall leave the is land when the wind changes. Now what we want of you is to keep to your end of the island, and we'll keep to ours. We want nothing to do with you." " I guess young Burns'll have something to say to that," said Vellis presuming on Eddy's recent kindness to him, which he did not yet fairly understand, but which he nevertheless vaguely attributed to Eddy's fear of him and desire to conciliate him. "He runs this machine, I take it." 111 won't gainsay any of Eddy's wishes," said Gorse quietly. The lad flashed a bright glance np at him. "If it depends upon me," Eddy then said, turning his stern, pale young face upon his enemy, "you will remain here, Jacob Vellis. I gave you food for humanity's sake, not from fear of you. We will not have your company at our camp. You must remain by yourself, apart from us." 41 But I've no food, no fire, no shelter." 41 You can get all three by working and using your wits," said the Ohioan. " You'll find water in tho wood, and you can catch turtles. Don't apply to us for further help. Come to our camp at your peril. We hare not got so low as to associate with river-thieves and mur derers." " I've got as much right at the north end of the island as you have," he blustered. 41 No, you haven't," said Gorse. "I am go vernor here. The island belongs to Eddy and me by the right of first settling on it. We are armed, and shall defend ourselves from your un welcome presence. Don't presume on Eddy's kindness. Presumption won't be healthy for you." Ho moved slowly away, beckoning to Eddy. The boy followed him without another glance at Vellis. As they moved up the beach, Vellis looked after them with a deadly scowl and a smile of terrible menace. He formed a score of plans to destroy the fair-haired lad who had returned him good for evil, and crouched sullenly for hours in the sands, until the heat became so powerful that he waß obliged to retreat to the shelter of the trees. He made no attempt to procure food or drink, or shelter. And thus with him passed the day, and thus with him came on the glowing, tropical night. The hours during which he had thus sullenly brooded bad been spent by Eddy and Gorse in downright labor. With the hatchet they had bo fortunately brought, they cut down come strong young sap lings, which they fixed firmly into the ground, forming the frame of a email square hut. Over this frame, they stretched their blankets, which had been drying in the sun, securing them firmly. The floor was of sod, and they heaped upon it a supply of cut grass to serve as a c:u h. 141 think," commented Gorse, when their shelter was completed, "that no turtle will crawl over my face, or moist mo to-night. We may have to keep a watch against our human reptile, however." The hut had been built in a pleasant open glade in the shade of the trees, and at a little distance from the shore. The process of build' ing, if building it could be called, consumed most of the afternoon. It was nearly sunset when the pair, tired but cheerful, sat down on the sands before their fire, at their evening meal. " The wind's still from the south-weßt," mut tered Gorse. "Wo hare done well to make ourselves comfortable. We may hare to stay here days yet." " Will it be safe for us both to sleep at once, Tcbabod?" asked Eddy. "I'm afraid that Vellis may afill cherish his designs against me." "We'll watch for tho sneak," was the re sponse. "He may try to kill us both in our sleep. I will watch during tho early part of the night, and then you cau take your turn watching. We must be on our guard. He's bad enough for anything." The pair retired early to their tent. Eddy went to sleep, while Goree watched for the stealthy approach of the half-expected assassin. The hours passed and Vollis did not appear. : About 1 o'clock EdJy awakened, and Gorse lay down to slumber. How still seemed the "night to the boy watcher. The wood was full of strange sounds. The very air seemqd alive, as tho hour dragged on. The shadow of an impondiugevil crept over the lad. Vellis was awake at that hour—awake and aotive. He had had crept slowly and cautiously up the sandy shore, and at the very moment that that shadow of . coming evil fell upon Eddy's spirit, Vellis was moving like a shadow —not toward the tent —hut toward the raft! " I'll steal off with their possessions and be miles at sea before they awaken. With no tools to form another raft, how will they ever escape? They are doomed just as surely as if they were dead! It wasn't an ill wind that blew me here after all. Some day, years hence, I may sail this way to look at their bones !' He began cautiously to launch the raft. [TO BE COXTINUfD.] Night on the Mattkbhork.—Time sped away unregarded, and the little birds which had built their nests on the neighboring cliffs had begun to chirp their evening hymn before I thought of retiring. Half mechanically I turned to the tent, unrolled it, and put it up. The sun was setting, and its rosy rays, blend ing with the snowy blue, had thrown a pale, pure Tiolet as far as the eye could see; the val leys were drowned in the purple gloom, whilst the summits shone with unnatural brightness ; and as I sat at the door of the tent.^nd watched the twilight ohange to darkness, the earth seemed to become less earthy and almost sub* lime; the world seemed dead, and I, its sole inhabitant. By-and-bye the moon as it roso brought the hilla again into sight, and, by a judicious repression of detail, rendered the view yet more magnificent. Something in the south hung like a great glow-worm in the air ; it was too large for a star, and too steady for a me teor ; and it was long before I could realise the incredible fact that it was the moonlight glitter ing on the great snow-slope on the north side of Monte Yiso, at a distance as the crow flies, of 98 miles.— Ed. iPhymper's Scrambles amongtt the Alps. .American Jottknaliem.—According to the American Newspaper Directory for 1871, the whole number ol periodicals issued in the United States is 5933, v>ith 73 to be added for the territories, 353 printed in the Dominion of Canada, and 29 in tho British colonies, making a grand total of 6438, of which 637 are daily, 118 tri-weekly, 12U semi-weekly, 4642 weekly, 21 bi-weekly, 100 semi-monthly, 715 monthly, 14 bi-monthly, and 62 quarterly. The publica tions printed in the German language in the United States number 341, and the Dominion of Canada 5, and are over three times as many as the sum of all the other publications in foreign languages combined. The publication* in the French language are confined principally to Louisiana and the province of Quebec, where the language is in common use. The Scandi navian publications number 17, and are con fined entirely to the west and north-west, with a single exception, that of a daily, semi-weekly, and weekly in .New York city, the emigrant! from Denmark, Norway, and Sweden having principally settled there. In the Spanish language there are but seven, Dutch six, Italian, four, Welsh three, .Bohemian two, Portuguese one, and Cherokee one, none of which have a very wide circulation or influence. Tub Temple of Diana at Ephbsus.—At the last meeting of the Society for the Encou ragement of the Fine Art 9, in London, Mr. J. T. Wood, architect, delivered a lecture descrip tive of the explorations he has made at Ephesus in quest of the " Tcrapla of Diana." Tho first clue which led to the discovery of this great Temple was an iLßtripticn unearthed by Mr. Wood at the remains of the great theatre par ticularising the circuit ofthe city to be made by the priests of the Temple in their eacred pro cessions, and specifying the "Magneaian Gate" where the young men of Ephesus mot the priests and assisted in the ceremony. Mr. Wood was enabled, by tracing the routo of the city wall, to find this gate, which, from its peculiar position, led him to the correct conclu sion of there being two roads leading from it, one in a southerly direction (towards Magnesia) —the other in the opposite direction (towards Ayasalok). Choosing tie moat worn ol the two (the north road), he opened it up, discovering thereby numerous tombs and sarcophagi, and afterwards found a road branching towards the open country, some distance along which exca vations were made and a thick wall of large stones touched upon, two inscriptions being found, proving it to be the " Peribolua Wall" built by Augustus, it being evident, therefore, that the preciucts of the Temple were reached. By sinking trial holes a white marble pavement was founJ, ol Greek workmanship, 9 inches thick, with its joit.ts rubbed aud carefully fitted and laid on a course of stonework, which he afterwards ascertained was the floor of a crypt some 8 feet below the level of the Temple pave ment, which luat had evidently been supported by dwarf columns, of which many romains were found. Remains of largo columns with their capitals and bases were also discovered, upon which traces of color were discernible.— Times. How to Cuke Stammering —Lute A. lay lor, editor of the La Crosse (Wio.) Leader, who has been an inveterate 6tammerer, writes as fol lows about the way to cure the habit:—".No stammering person ever found any difficulty in singing. rlhe reason of this is that by observ ing the measure of the music—by keeping time —the organs of Epeech are kept in such posi tion that enunciation is easy. Apply the same rule to reading or speech, and the same result will follow. Let the stuuitucrcr tuko a sentence, say this one—Leandcr awam the Hellespont— and pronounce it by syllables, scan it, keeping time with his finger il necessary, letting each syllable occupy the aurno timj, thus Le —an — der—swam—the—Ucl—lea—p nt, and he will not stammer. Let him pronounce slowly at first, then faster, but still keeping time with words instead of syllables, and he will ba sur prised to find that, by very little practice, he will read without Btninmering, and nearly as rapidly as persons ordinarily taiL or read. Then practice this in reading and conversation until the habit is broken up. Perseverance and at tention are all that is necessary to perform a perfect care." 