THE STATE OF THE RIVERS. ABOVE SUMMER LEVEL* ft. ill. Wagga Wagga 5 0 Guiidagai ... 4 o Echuca ... Falling Wahgunyah .... ... 4 10 Balrauald. ... 14 9 Albury 1 0 Swan Hill ... ... .. G O Hay Falling Tiir following selections have been made : —Thomas Claxton, Bullonbong, 40 acres ; Edward Hookerwin, Ganmain, 183 ; Thomas Hookerwin, ditto, 155 acrcs; ditto, ditto, 42 acros; Georgo Alfred Wild, parish of Rowon, 130 acrcs 3 roods; John Davidson, Eunonyhareonyah, 40 acres ; William Bur gess, Berry Jerry, 320 acres ; William Smith, ditto, 320 acres. The Wagga Building Society, wo aro glad to learn, progresses most satisfactorily. At ( tho monthly mooting lield last uigUt, nearly j two hundred pounds' worth of new shares were taken up, and no defaulters, we believe, I incurred the penalty for non-payment of i subscription. O.v and after Monday next, tho principal stores in Wagga will be elo3od daily at G p.m. (Saturdays excepted) during tho "'inter months. Tiik irropressiblo Mr. Allsworth has been again distinguishing himself. Yesterday, Messrs. Tompsou and Hunter called upon liim to solicit a subscription for the testimonial to tho Rev. Mr. Wiles, wheii his roply to Mr. Toinpson was, "No, Sir, yon'ro a d d blackguard ; you insulted mo from tho lionch j get off my premises, or I'll put you off." Ho then seized Mr. Tompson and endeavoured to push '•him out, but that gentloman dill not altogether believe in being handled in this familiar maimer, and very properly knocked his assailant down. Messrs. Tompsou and Hunter then wout away, Mr. Allsworth following to the end of his veran dah, making uso of very abusive language. It is only fair to add that Mrs. Allsworth seetned very sensible of the disgraceful con duct of her husband, and apologising to Mr. Tompsou ou his behalf, subscribed to tho fund. We learn from a gontleman just arrived from Albury of a.very sad accident which occurred in that town on Wednesday last. A yontli named Samuel Butts, about fourteen or fifteen years of age, it appears was prac tising gymnastics on an old beam which sud deuly gave way, and the unfortunate boy was precipitated with great force on his he;id, the beam falling on him. He was immediately picked up, and medical aid sent for, when it was found tho poor fellow's neck was broken and life was quite extiuct. B.vtciieldkb's colebrated Panorama of tho American war will appear for the first time in Wagga Wagga on Monday evening next, at tho Court House. Judging from tho reports we have heard of this Panorama, wo have no doubt that it is well worth a visit, and considering tho novelty in Wagga of this exhibition, wo *re sure large numbers will take advantage of it. Tub Police, in default of bushrauging or any more exciting game,—are turning their attention to such small fry as Aldermen and others violating the Municipality's bye-laws. Mr. Alderman Hodson was summoned . yesterday, for allowing his horse to stand on the foot-path, and was fined five shillings, tho prosecuting constable adding insult to injury by remarking that, if Aldermen did not observe their own rules they could not very well expect any one else to do so. The collection for the proposed testimonial to the Rev. Mr. Wiles has so far met with very fair success. The presentation of the address and testimonial will take place on Tuesday afternoon next, at 4 o'clock, at Mr. Forsyth's office. Tiie Westen Troupe have given two excel lent entertainments at tho Mechanics' Insti tute to tolerably numerous audiences. Punch and Judy, in the hands of Mr. Westen, seem to have lost none of their, ancient vigour, while they are as mirth-proyoking as ever, be the spectators old or young. The Marionette dancing figures were cleverly manipulated, and vary interesting also was the performance of tho dog Toby. The last part of the programme, consisting of negro minsfcelry, was likewise very good: while tho exquisite violin playing of Mr. J. W, Norton, were the rest of the entertainment less worthy than it is, would well repay the visitor. This afternoon, it will be seen by the advertisement in another column, the Weston Troupe will give a performance for the entertainment of children ; and to enable the heads of families and schools to give all the juveniles a treat, the prices of admission are reduced to sixpence for children and a shilling for adults. The performance will commence at half-past two o'clock. In tho evening, we understand, the Troupe will give an entertainment at North Wagga. Under tho head of " A rather early mar riage," "Punch in Parramatta" gives us this:—A recent number of the Sydney Entr' Acte, a little paper circulated gratuitously in the metropolitan theatros, speaks of a certain talented actress as "Mrs. George Darrel!, n6e Mrs. Robert Heir." We had no idea before that the lady in question came into the world already married. We have heard that in India couples are sometimes joined together when they have each numbered but a dozen summers, but to be 6orn married is a startling novelty. It seems an instance spe cially brought forward to prove tho truth of the adage that "matches aro mado in Heaven." Clever Entr' Acte. The CunHterland Time.« tells tho follow ing : —A house in Phillip-street in the occu pation of a family, whose name for obvious reasons wo withhold, has during tlio paBt week been troubled "at the silent hours of midnight" by nocturnal visitants, who apparently desire to create a local ghost sen sation. Those would-be spiritual beings, wishing no doubt to produce the same amount of mental disquietudo in other minds as exists in their own, have during tho past week selected the small hours of the morning as the most fitting for their purpose, attired themselves in ghostly raiment (other wise yclept sheets) and proceeding to the residence of their victim, have there had recourse to tho following supposed expedient to induce fear in the minds of its inmates ; opening tho shutters (which aro entirely innocent of fastenings) they attach a piece of string to the washingstand, and by this means produce a most unearthly noiso. Our informant was not in a position to stato tho othor moans resorted to for procuring the end in view, but suDfico it to say, that they i were sufficiently successful to produce no jnconsidcrablo amount of wonderment and alarm during the first several ovonings they woro practised. However, this mystery liko all others found its solution, and we trust its producers may also moot with their deserts. AVe see by a Tasmanian paper that tho question " What constitutes a Professional? " •was discussed in tho Court of llequests hold in Hobart Town on Thursday before Mr. Commissioner A. B. Jones, in Church v. Fostor, when an appeal from tho registrar was heard. The registrar had allowed a sum of 18s. to Mr. Yates, a town witness for tho plaintiff on tho trial, the objection taken by the defendant's attorney boing that as " parliamentary agent and newspaper editor " tho witness did not coma under tho clcscrin tion of a member of a profession Afr. Church argued on the authority of Walker's Dictionary tliat a newspaper editor was a professional man witlrin tho terms of tho schedule. Charles Dickens did not belong to either of what are called the learned pro fessions, fur he was only three months in a lawyor's office^ from .which ho bolted, but who would say he was not a professional man ? William Makepeace Thackeray, was HQfc f* professional inan ? Actors are con sidered to bolong to a profession ; even Mr. C'oppin, as Jem Baggs, making obscene speeches at tho Town Hall, is a professional; tnan. ^ Tho learned gentleman submitted that the witness came withiu tho designation of: professional men, and that Mr. Reynolds was right in allowing his expenses, Mr. Mitchell said the whole object of the Legis lature was to cut down expenses in that court, ami contended that Mr. Yates was iiot a professional man; lie did not belong to either of the learned professions—law, divinity, or medicine; he was only a par liamentary agent or a newspaper editor. Mr. Church admitted that thcro were some editors who were not learned. (A laugh.) The Commissioner : 0 yes, just as there are some lawyers who are not learned. (Lond laughter.) I think a newspaper editor must I be a professional man. In these days espe cially an editor cannot carry on a newspaper without education. I don't know any avoca tiou which requires as much. Certainly, as far as England goes, editors of the loading papers, as well as those in the colonics, require more learning and education than any other profession. His Honor upheld tho allowance accordingly. The telegram libel case drags its slow length along in Dunedin. Mr. G. B. Barton, the offender, has ceased to have any connec tion with tho l'imea, and has commenced practice as a barrister. In order to extract certain evidence from a young man in tho office named Muston, the Crown granted him a froe pardon before he was accused of any crime. On this, Mr. Barton has addressed a long memorial to the Secretary of State for the colonies, on the subject of the exercise of tho Queen's prerogative of mercy. The object of the defence is to show that in the action he took before his departure from the colony, the Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Vogel, was actuated by a vindictive feeling towards Jlr. Barton, because that gentleman had supplanted him in the editorship of the paper. Hebe's a comical union related by the Lambton correspondent of the Newcastle ChronicleA coloured barber, of thiB township, and a widow have been living togethift1 as man and wife for many years, aud were generally supposed to have been legally married. The widow having, by her first husband a daughter residing in England, determined (with the permission of her sable lord) to send for her, and the latter arrived the week before last; strange to say, this young girl immediately fell in love with her supposed stepfather, and in less than a week, and unknown to her mother, becamo the happy bride of this black Lothario. After the marriage, this shameless couple returned to their residence, and informed the poor mother of the lieartloss manner they had served her, and turned her out of that house of which sho had been mistress for so many years, penniless and friendless. The bride, is eighteen years of age, and the coloured bridegroom forty-four." Tjie Cumberland Times "has been not'a little amused by hearing that, so much are certain residents of this district alarmed by the rumoured invasion of tho colony by fili busters, that they have determined upon removing their'available''funds' from the Banks of the town, and placing them where they will be secure from the marauders. Only last week an elderly lady, the female partner in a dual firm, that has been saving and scraping for many long years, came into Parramatta and hastily withdrew from one of our local institutions several hundred pounds, giving as her reason for so doing, that she was "afear'd of them filibmtiers, and would rather ' plant' tho 1 shiners' than risk) them in tho bank." We have since heard of a second case of a similar nature. The Pall Mall Gazette writes of tho Gover- I nor of Paris: -"Kinglake has preserved a transaction ia which Trochu's character ! appears in tho same light as in this defcnco of Paris. When the advance to Varna had been resolved upon by both Lord Raglan and Saint-Arnauda, and the British Light Divi sion had already been despatched, Colonel Trochu ' a cautious thinking man, woll versed in strategic science,' of whom 'it was surmised that it was part of his mission to check anything like wildness in tho move ments of the French Marshal'—Colonel Trochu called upon Lord Raglan, and entered uyon negotiations, the upshot of which was that Saint-Arnaud declared he had resolved to send to ' Varna but ono division, and to place the rest of his irmy in position, not in advance, but in tho rear of tho Balkan rango,' and invited Lord Raglan to follow his example. And that at a moment when the Turks were all but victorious on tho Danube without foreign aid ! " The special correspondent of tho Daily Nem, at tho head-quarters of tho Crown Prince of Saxony, writing from Margency ono night during tho activo progress of the bombardment, says " The so-tio on tho west did not seem in tho slightest degree to interrupt tho relentless prosecution of tho bombardment on tho south and south-west. I judge as much by tho evidences of firing which wero visible from my window in tho intervals of the fog and rain. A German journalist, who spent tho night with me, employed ono of these intervals in earnestly contemplating Paris through a powerful field-glass, preserving meanwhile a rigid taciturnity. When tho prospect onco more became obscure, ho turned to tho lire with the sententious observation, ' Doy are getting dare gruel.' The phrase smacks of Jemmy Shaw's or Bon Caunt's, at which haunts, I understand, my guest was a frequent visitor during his single short visit to England ; but it is very expressive. They aro 'getting their gruel,' theso citizens and soldiers in tho whito city out thore to the south ; and tho man who refused to boar testimony to tho enduring constancy and valour with which they are taking tho punishment would' liavo claim neither to the titlo of a trutliful re porter nor to a capacity for somo apprecia tion of a spectacle and an event unique in modern times. The spociat correspondent of tho J)a\hj 2?nw8 in Paris supplies, tho following shock ing circumstances connected with the un fortunate sortio of General Trochu One incident of tho battle I must 'mention atr very peculiar. A.man was sliot on.tbe Jfielj, for a erirao.. Ho was a private in tho 119tli of the line. IIo had, for some reason or anothor, perhaps not oxpccting to bo (lis-, covered, shot his captain in the battle. Summary justice was executed upon him. Half n dozen mon woro told aside to 9lioot him. Ho fell—but not dead, it scorns. By and byo camo tho ' branoardicrs,' as tlicy aro called, that is the stretcher-bearers, and seen wounded, but living, .man. on the field., Tlioy propose to carry him away. Tho soldiers of the regiment seo what they nrb doiug, and warn them off. , Thoy find, that tho man thoy had shot is still alive. Thoy lift him up to see if lie can stand, intending. to shoot him again ; but lie falls ilat on tho ground with a heavy thud. A soldior levels his gun at him as ho lies on tho ground, apparently quito conscious. The ball hits, but docs not take effect. Tho man still, lives. Then anothor soldier comes forward and fires. Thoro is something wrong with his gun, and it docs not go off. A third soldier then tries, and lie at last succeeds. He soiuls a ball through tho head of tho poor wretch who had killed his captain. A buttle is horrible enough in itself, but an execution like this in tho midst of it is worse than all." 