SPORTING ANp. TilHA.TRIQAL NOTES. The Launceston meeting han not been so success?ul this year as formerly owing to the bad ma?agement, and all the protests. Ro. mula's victory upset all the doubles, and thie bookmakers have made a good deal of money d as the public were all on Tim Whillfer. Thle S second day's racing commenced with the St. I Leger for which Romula was& of coiirso the top snwyer. ns Florouns w~seuratellod,.Pyrllhus a could make nothing of Mr. tiilqqn's filly and n she cantered in the easiest of winners and she ci was then scrltphed folI tlhe Tiliiar Hlldicap I This is the third time a thlree year old has s won the challpion, and tile Leger. T'hoe Steeplechase was the next eventand it caused u great e.citement, as all the best Tasmanian steeplechasers and we had three Victorians d engaged. Reindeer and Narcisso were the v thvourites, and Narcisse ably piloted by Ross I who perfecty understands " Banldmann now S won aftelr i desperate race with A nuabelo. e The latter carried about a stone and a hall' is overweight, and gave Narcisso a good deal to I do to beat himl, but Narcisse could hardly a lose with 9at. 71b. and that is what I said im- p mediately thle weights were out. Reindeer I with Mr. Bowes up baulked, and lost all r chance. The Tamnar Handicap brought out eight horses, and the' favmtiilte;LlIttle Dick, f won.. He carried 7st. 81b. and beat Nimble- n foolt comfortably, Paddy's Laud was third and d Mischiefwho wasbacked to win a largeamount, e owing to her stable companion Romula's vie- t tories would pot try a bit, and came in" fourth, I The time was 3. ID for two miles which is ex. I cellent time ponsi4oring the course., Stafford t won the Selling race, and old Tim Whiffler f picked up a crumb, by placing the 50 sovs. I Railway Stakes to his credit. 'The third and r last days racing did not promise much excite ment. The Town Plate was the first race, a and Tim Whifller disposed of old Strop in a e cantor. Mowbray Handicap was a very gooi p race, 1imblofoot 9st. 5lb. with the veteran I Lang up, beating Self Reliatice after a good I struggle, and Self Rieliinco aftorwards won the iForced 'Handicdp. An' impromptu days i racing was got up on Saturdi)y:towvhile away i the time, and the principal event a 100 soees. Steeplechase was Wioni by Reideer with Anun belle second, and Stafford also, wqn a race. Most of the bookmakers arrisod on Monday I last by thl Derweent, qud Self Reliance pur chased by a Victorian man was with them. I see by a telegram that Mr. Parr has ptrchaseod the Launceston racecourse for £523-I can not understand it. Tie Geolong races will be held on Thurs day and Friday ne;tthp Pnd and 3rd of March and they porllise to be as successful a meeoot ing qs over was held on tle Connowarre course. Tllb outries are eacollent, all the prents have fallen remarhably well. 'heo proceedings commenouce iyitll thlp 3 aidon Plato for whichll there are a dozeon La. lFavorite, Binbong and T'ppner arp the best. Thp hceptanpces for the Geclong Handicap utlnber :siteon, and a splendid race may be expected between Ito mula, Warrior, Little Dick, Nimtblefoot, Mile sian, Dutchman, Prietor and.Tho Baron. Old Warrior Jigs . nly Ast. 21b. and if anything !il,' Ils old form should inake a great iight for it, but at present I incline for Little Dick 1 Reomula 2 and Nimblefoot or Baron third. The Fawn ought also run wdll with .st.'12b. Tile Hurdle ine, leoile think cannot be lost by Reindeer with Ost. 8lb. but the ques tioq is 'whether he will riq kindly over the lesser sticks. I think he will not, and barring agcidents, "7orky, Mjss Morres, and Royston ought to be in the run at the close. The Steward's Purse has eleven, and it is hard to say whiph will run as most of the horses are ongqged in the. Handicap and 3Jaiden Plate. It ought to lie between Tho',Dane, Foam and Melancholy Jauuesif done of the " qlpper crust" start. The-N·ovel Rabh will be aRrac' between The 'Dane'DMisphijbf and Rambler. Tile Publican's Purse to Stafford, Self Relianco and B.eswing (i~riflins)' Tihe' three mile handicap will be rather re nced Iuced by tbo time that the start will be made, and I I fully expect Rom?\la to, win as shahotly has Qst. 51b. to carry, iinmblefoot I hardly think likes : miles, Foam ought to ruim well. The Steeplechase will go to Reindeer 1, Narcisse 2, The Monk 3 and Ballarat next, the rest are a shabby lot, I will have another chance of " lookling" at the entries bat I doq't i. - agine I' will cliange. This last fortnighlt four highly bred horses have been killed. No woider thit Now South Wales horses are better thin' ours, when all our Inost liroelisin5youngisters are killed by some unf~rtunate acoidont. I told you abut a' a week ago of tho'accident to Silvorstream, and she was obliged to be des. troyed as thero was' no possibilty of saving heir. <Next comes Roetribution the pick of Mr. Huntor's lot to be offered for sale early next month. He commenced kicking the side of his box and did not stop till hbe broke lIis leg, which put an end to his racing days before ho commenced thlem. Ile could not 1 ?p kept oven for breeding purposes and he was sht. Tilhe next death announced was thlt .of the celebrated Tim W?hifllor by SBouth Australian known by the name of Melbourne Tim, who stood upon a stake which "jumped up" and ran throlgh him killing him at once. And tli. lapit bnut aot least wap tboe Adelaide cot, Stockeioll by Ace of Clbs~vilwhice ar rived a":slhrPt n tineso to b1Bb~'t hero. '! Heo -bolted yesterday while at oxe~rdiAb,h iar the Meat Market, and tumbled hdiad over'hcels intoa gutter and Ifro'l his neook. Thip is i snaloss to Mr. Coglia, as he lndthe tiamlkings of a great horase. The Kilnmore races clomo offtd.morrow, and there promises to be a pretty good meeting there. The Handicap has boon speculated on a little, alrid Ninblefoot is a great favoullrito, and I cau't see what.thoer is to beat him, and I Yalentine will appropriate thlloelirdle, unless looy can take it out of him with 'Jst. The Steeplechase will I think go to t NSurisse and Ross. Milesian 2 tnd llarbelle :3. Thu Iutercolonial match between Victoria i and .New Soth Wa\Vles will be eumiiinied to miorrow?at the M.C.C. ground. It has been de cided to play only amiatenrs, as i; is thought it will malte the sides more equal. We are repro. sented, and will take a good deal of beating. 1 The T'asmanians are hard at practice every noon, and mean to make a ideadly struggle. 'The new piece " Man and W\ife" was pro. I duced at the Royal on Saturday nighlt to a very large house. The original is Wilkie Collins's iovel of tlhat name founded on the Scotch marriage system, and the celebrated Yclvortoin case, and the drama now perl'ol med is adopted by Mlr. Frank Mayo an A merican. It is fulI of murders, ghosts andjscreaming, and is osnsational in the extreme. The best played character is Mr. llarwood's Geoffrey Delamayor, and lie hIai made a great hit, and is received every night quite unanimously. Mrs. Gladstano's Annie Sylvester is a capital per formance, and will rank with her Mary War ner, and " Elizabeth." The next best is un doubtedly Mr. Greville who as the waiter, is extremely amusing and regularly brings down the house when lie produces the letter. Miss Juno as the dumb cook who can scream. Ireland and Rogers haveall good parts, in fact they play the parts as if written especially for them-except Appleton who I cannot like at all. " Man and wife" will have a long run. The Japanese will close to-morrow night and on Monday night we will have the comic opera Duchess of Gerolstein by the English portion of Lyster's opera company. Mr. Lyster intends to bring out also Barbe Blue and other of Offenbachs. J am glad to note the arrival ofan old favour ite John Dunn who is now on his way to Mel bourne; Everybody will be glad of his return as he is a grcet favourite here. The ginat Chaug has celebrated his levees ind will patroniso the suburbs commencing at Williamstownu. TrIus. 