THE PSEUD U COUNT VONATTEMfe' , AGAIN. , j ] The Straits Thistles October 15 gives the following g account of this gentleman in" whom a number to persons in Australia still feel a lively. interest :- By the last French mail from Java we have received a copy, forwarded to us worn 'Sourabaya, of a legal ' .docunient.c'o'ntairiing'.Üie Judge's summing up. of, the' case on passing sentence on the pseudo Count von Attems. --It-is-of'very"great length; hence we have thought it better to the only an abstract of it. .- j A The indictment was on two counts first, for knowingly making use of forged Commercial writings ;, secondly, for escaping from prison by breaking out The accused, whose real name is Curt Oswald Schmalz, was born at Paris, in Saxony, on May 24, 1843; and, after having successfully attended the coin mercial school at Planes, began his career at Trieste, where he obtained employment in a counting-houses awhile, and continued at the same time his studies' at the commercial academy there but having, incurred heavy debts, he secretly left the city in tho,)¡20thf'yéar , of his. age, and wont, to North America in a sailing ship. i After his arrival in America he enlisted in the Northern Army in the 2nd Massachusets Cavalry, and was promoted to he captain, but being discharged at the end of the war, he "betook himself to Rio de Janeiro, where, after ,)fruitless< efforts to enter (the Brazilian service, he. obtained a situation facing a certain merchant named George Davis. Shortly after this, on.ieeeivbig news from his father that the latter was no longer able to honour his little bills drawn 'on. the Saxon Consul, he left Kio again on account | of i running into debt and after having once more fruitlessly station to enlist, as a soldier, both at Monte Video and Buenos Ayres, be at the latter place received £60 on a bill signed Count Von Auers perg, a name assumed then for the first time by him in the same way, and under the same names, Jic afterwards defrauded several bankers at Balda, 'Movabamba, Linfa, * Guayaquil, San Juan, sail Havana, of various sums, amounting altogetherjtD about £2K)Ô,arid,' having at length arrived at New York, he obtained JUOO.fiom a banker there upon showing him a letter from an English banker prepared by himself. With this amount he paid his passage to Sierra Leone (West Coast of Africa He there is still under the name of Count Von Auei'S: pig, defrauded a banker of £200, and sailed thence to barcelona. At these two places he received altogether on the aforesaid letter of credit 2500". Ptoni Barcelona he crossed over to Bona in Algeria, under the name of Count Wunnbrant Stuppach, old reached there £100 on a letter of credit from Rothschild's banking house, at Vienna, prepaid by himself ; after which he, on the failure of a like attempt at Algiers, took shipping for Constantinople, where, under the pseudo name of Count Von Lundberg, he caused a banker to pay out to him £100. Piont Constantinople he went by a man-of-war steamer to(iAloxaiidiu, and once more was. Count Von Auersperg-, received ,£500,both)theie and at Cane alter which, under the announces Berthold, Stone, he left Alexandria for Messina by the -M. II, v steamer Refuse. Prdm Messina the wentito.Naple's and procured h caps from' Mr Alfred D (Green,' ho American Consul there, under the name of Mr. C irel Veri Berthold Stem,, which pass was, at his way . request, . exchanged/by Mr. Lawrence, American ,Cqnsulnt,.Florence, for, another healing the name of. Mr. Charles. Von Bethold Stone. With this pass he, travelled to Trieste stayed there for a short time, under his true name and paid some small old deb s. Upon this -he left for, Vienna by railway under he name of Stone, and bought them from IA. i Sinner, -a -banker, a "bill for £18- on the Anglo Austrian bank'' at?, London; to, the order of Captain's tone." Heathens, whitebait having received any money at Vienna, set out' for Loddon by wa"y of r Dresden, where he paid a visit to his uncle, and in tenant-General of Infantry. Shortly after historic roi in London he bought a box wUli types and printing utensils, and also a bill-book later, the object j of making use of them, if need be, in the preparation of forged bills. Before discounting the bill on the Anglo-Australian bank bought at Vienna, he, after obtaining the acceptance of Messrs. S. Beaumont, director, and F. Bruer, general manager of this bank,, imitated the signatures of these gentlemen on a piece of paper by means of glass, procured a white cloth Austrian fancy uniform great coat, blue pantaloons, and a fancy cap with lace, and afterwards left for Amsterdam, where he presented himself to the Austrian Consul as Count Franz von Schoenborn. Dressed in the aforesaid coat and cap, and pretending to be an Austrian officer, he was introduced under the above name to the managers of the Netherlands India Trading Bank there by the Austrian Consul, and caused the said, managers to supply him with 952., that is, with 170' English sovereigns-2,027,25,15f. English bank notes ; 179,2., 105,6, in Dutch money, and a letter of credit for 7,200. on the head agency of the said bank at Batavia, in exchange for four forged Geradon bills filled up by himself on the Anglo-Australian Bank, containing the signatures of the banker A. Zintier as drawer, and of Messrs S. Beaumont and F. Breuer, respectively director and general manager of the said bank, as acceptors, for £200 each. Once in the possession of these valuables, he repaired: to Paris, where, under the name of Baron Johann von Baumgarten, he procured from the firm of Norton and Co., a letter of credit for 14,163,10f. in exchange for bills forged as before to the amount of 2000, on which he obtained at Paris 1000., and afterwards at Brussels from the agents of the said firm. G. Cassel and Co., 50dof. After a a very short stay at Brussels, he returned to London with, the money received at the former place.; from London he took passage to Australia. Once arrived at Sydney, he gave himself out to be Count Ignaz von Attems, captain of the horse in'tbo'Aiis train army, and began his forgeries on a greater scale. Amongst other things, he prepared 'then a. forged letter of recommendation from the Archduke Albert to the Austrian consulates in Australia and Asia a forged permission, to travel from the said A'rclulukc and the Austrian Minister of 'War, a letter of' into duction from Anton Count Von Aucrspeig to H. E. Sir John Young, Governor of New South Wales, a circular letter of credit from the Anglo Austrian ¡B|i)k to its correspondents in Australia and Asia and listless Firth Vi rain bill Koo) brd fight with his firm for don to amounts Adf £100 Had upwards / to-the. order of, eggs? Coiujt Api steins with, t developed acceptances for the Anglo Austrian Bank, of the above minitel Messrs Beaumont and firemen, pnmbltbï the bankers (upon ii d t at loud in , Iii awn by the Austin m Muustti of 1 finances, Von Best e on which the Austrian aims were planted qh the mar gin of black ml , with a stamp produced it the trial and stated by the isosceles line been bought at Marseilles Across the bills the words ' to Accepted. "Pajublcitt, Director, were printed behind the signature of Mr Beaumont GeneinlMlinagçr, behind that of Mr TJrcuei ali J at the foot "K Iv. 1 wah/Ministerium above the signature of the Minister Karl von Btckc When ever he had need of money he cut out more of three bills from the book and finished with his endorse mont as Count Ignaz "S on Attems he sold them to several b bankers and did so to the amount altogether of about £(>i00 after which he, when he saw that the figures must be discovered, bought and fitted out in Bnsb into a yacht named the Hamlets Ghost with v, luck he steered for Jai a with a crew enlisted In himself having come off Timor and feeling a want of provisions and money to pay his men he ran into Kupang and there endorsed to J li de Size, a trader two of the bills prepared in Australia on In £100 and the other for £200, for which he asserts that he received mostly cash When he at last arrived at Sourabaya, he went to the Bntish|Conslil pretending to be Count Ignaz ion Attems By means of the. Consul he came into toiumumtntion with the agent of the Rotterdam Bank there, and sold to, him for the opening of a credit, two of the bills pre Mously prepared in Australia and cut out do his,, bill book, for the amounts respectively of £200 and a 100, of which amounts he only received 2700 on cheques drawn by him on the agency of the aforesaid bank at Sourabaya and signed with the name of Lena? Count i on Attems Being the rear, on detained and afterwards taken into custody he, at first denied his guilt, but, repenting afterwards of his misdeeds, made a full confession of his gun It, which has followed by a lengthy account of us Debentures, written by himself for the ser wee of justice ' This confession, so far as it bore upon the bill for £200 Eve 1927 sold to Mr de Siso, and the two bills Bros 10 328 and 10 829, sold to the Rotterdam Bank, was confirmed-1st; by the witnesses) Sach Sat an bin Said Bahmid and P li Socters agents of the said bank the first of whom declared under oath that he, by the endorsement of Mr de Size b "carne owner of bill No 10 327, and sold it to the Rotter dam Sunk, never. doubting its genuineness and the latter testified that Mr Van Last, 1 utish Arise Consul at Sourabaya, made him acquainted with the accused, and that he, without any suspicion, bought from the latter the bills Nos 10 328 and 10 d29, after the said Consul had come to his office brniLjUig the bill book of the accused, and asking him if he would buy bills from the letter that he had already paid the accused £2700 for these bills wHen. ' he was informed from the headgear of the banking Batavia, to whom the bills had been sent, that there was reason to believe that the accused was the same as the Count "N on Schoenborn who committed frauds at Amsterdam some months before, that this idea the suspicions were further strengthened, led to The arrest of the accused that Mr de also had teams but sad Jinn for the amount of the bill he had bought from Balmain, but that he hatched received back any of the money paid to the accused secondly, by the declarations made by S I Franz, Carl 1 mother i on 14ei,ke, Austrian Minister of 1 manages, that his signature ripening on the nforc8aidjbills, one of which and photographs of the two others had been shown him, were large and that the words "XK, Pinang Mmistenum were not usuaM\jui use to designate the Austrian Financial Department thirdly, by the declarations made by Messrs Beaumont arid BE ever that their signatures on bills if of 10 528 find 10 329 shown to them pliotogiaplucnfli were forged, and neither written by them nor was there by their authorisation, co operation of pp pi or al fourthly, by, a declaration match by 14 Bn Engelhardt, one of the directors of the AnglorAu$lrjan Bank, and the said T Ureucr, tarnished with an impression of the seal of the said bank and attached to bill No 10 327, that the signatures of Messrs!, Beaumont and Bl ener appealing on the said bill was forties And, lastly by comparing the aforesaid bills with the blank ones in The bill book, Iwlijch clem I showed that they are not only identically the home but had been also that out of the said bill bofck Then follows the summing up of the facts as to the new steel c cape of the accused horn pass and he tMilcnte for the prosecution on that count "the tug to what is stated when the accused was iii 1 Lsp ii for mc heir treatment in August 1859 Sir. I mu ed the action escaping by light iron in met on e ution I i t us purpose he made that it 1 l i c which he had obtained from some one dun go ion in at the hospital, and kept it carefully % i 1 tin ki the he cut out during night success! y i it, , the wood of the window sill to which the ice i undow lines -were fastened and kept the ship? c v Hill at last in the night at the 17th and should enlist in the said he when everything was so ill he placed a bench that was in his form upright against the wall under the window, climbed on, it. drew a bar out of the window and then made his Cbt jo through. the opening thus made having he Inner the 1 sale and letting himself down by a rope fastened to the nearest bar, which rope had been given to him at his own request for hanging any clothes to dry Before getting down he had, the pulled out but under his, bed, and several ingenious bill was that at first sight it might be thought time and some out in the bed H nmg enden ouiLclj to swim over the men behind the hospital he. did meet w Rei on hearing human voices and after floating down the stream he landed and went towards the ciU 1 hiding a J rinnest sleeping in his time in the great i re the awoke him and bade Jun now towards the sea and, having arrived in timorous, or (tied him to row the boat to the coast of "Lady de When he heard the beating, shy on ann big t n sent in comparing that he was not able to similar to b means he (the accused) stepped ashore p nil the continual Six gilders and afterwards went to learn rug, on a horse lent to him by the head man of Ollie agreeing horn Company,! t life" "wreathed Point seen at length, 'and was amused him by fire As instant Resident, times points it off with him Ryan a small bundles sentiment plus depths laid some papers, and wholly Shljidht^ agency at, the last named place he read case the Resident, and asked him for some postJiories for jam using asserted g thnthei\as nailed Stone and was captain of marines on board the V S ship JIartfpid, Coinuio dore Howard, whose ship had been taking soundings between Uah and dangers Island, he furthermore asserted that he had been charged to turn over clear patches to Sourabaya a and now that his mission and been fulfilled wished to return on board by w as of Suninnap , the said Resident, on hearing this became suspicious, and caused a controller to Luideihim to Sourabaya, saying (if the same time that the ship could not be reached from Sumatra by prahus,, after which he was again arrested it Sourabaya and brought back to prison J , "The accused W his defence admitted the forging and uttering of the aforesaid these bills, but alleged that the latter, on ing to the misdescription of the Austrian Minister of Finances, the spelling of the name of the firm Glynn and Co. with two n's instead of one, and the improper way of sealing, lacked the legal criteria of bills of exchange. The Court held that this defence was groundless, that the bills call tained the criteria required by the law, that the defects pointed out by the accused were not amongst those set forth in the Commercial Code, and even if it were otherwise it would not prevent the prosecution and condemnation of any one who, after forging such bills should knowingly utter them. The Court also denied the truth of an assertion made by the accused that of the two crimes laid to his charge he should legally be punished for the graver one only. The Court thereupon proceeded to pass sentence on him, but taking into consideration the full confession he had made, his comparative youth at the time of the commission of the crimes, and the reductions he had been exposed to during his very ei careful life, thought fit not to punish him with the utmost severity the law allowed. His sentence therefore was-1st, imprisonment for six years in the House of Correction and the payment of a fine of 1000., and confinement for five months in case the fine be not paid. 2ndly, six months' imprisonment, to begin " after the expiration of the foregoing terms. The stamps made use of by him for forging were ordered to be destroyed. The High Court of Justice, to which the sentence was referred for revision, increased the House of Correction term from six to ten years, but confirmed the remainder. I A GrrtMAN statistical writer remarks that there, v ention of the sewing- machine has enabled one woman to see as much as a hundred. could sew by hand a century ago; but, he continues, one woman now demands as much training as a hundred did a century agone that matters are not much changed, after all. 