Do Ghosts Wear Boots. Attho Glamorgan Assizes, at Swansea, before Mr. Justice Mellor, James Shae, 30, plumber, who conducted his case with considerable intel ligence, was charged with burglariously breaking and entering tho dwelling-house of Richard Mat thias, at Morthyr, on tho 15th of February, and stealing therefrom two jackets and a vest, his property. Mr. B. T. Williams appeared for tho prosecu tion, tho prisoner being undefended. Richard Matthias, tho prosecutor, said he was a 'fishmonger, residing at MerthyrTydvil. About ten o'clock on the night of tho 15th of February he went to bed, accompanied by a boy who is in his employ. He fell asleep, and was awoke by a hand or something being laid on his breast. Ho said, 'What's that?' A voice answered, 'I have been sent on a mission to you.' Ho asked tho voico what that mission was, when the voice replied, ' My mission is to tell you to be kind to the boy.' tie assured the voice that he was kind to tho boy, and informed it that when he had a bit of victuals the boy had a share of it, and if he hadn't it they both went without. The voice then said, ' 1 am going now, but I shall come again.' He asked the voice who he was, when tho voico replied, 'My namo is un known.' hlis Lordship — 'Did ho say his name was un known, or the Uuknown? Witness — Ho said his name was unknown my lord.' His Lordship (looking over the depositions) — ' Was anything said about a vision ?' Witness, ' No, my lord, there was not. But when the party, whoever he was, walkod away, ho made a noise with his boots on tho stairs. So I says to myself, says I, you may bo a vision, or you may be unknown, but 1 never hoard toll of a vision or an unknown wearing boots.' His Lordship—' Oh, that's it. Well ?' Witness — ' Well, my lord, I jumped out of my bed in my nightdress, and followed the un known ; didn't even stop to put on my boots. I followed him out into the streetup to the bridge. It was a tallish man, and ho had something un der his arm. I asked him what he had got un der his arm, when he turned round and gave me a smack over my mouth and loosened two of my teeth. My mouth filled with blood. The vision then began to call ' Police' as loud as he could, and ran away ,13 fast as he could. It was not far from the gas- light, and I could distinguish the man's face very well. It was the prisoner. I then went back home. When I first went to bed I locked the door. When I came down after the vision the door was open. It must have been opened with a second key. Prisoner fin croas-examinatinrA — ??WliAf-. narf. of Morthyr do you live in ?' Witness (de liberately)—' I live in a place called China, and I've lived there for thirty-five years.' Prisoner — ' Are you known by any other name than Richard Matthias ?' Witness — 'They call me just what they please, and you may do the samo.' Prisoner — '? Are you called by any other name than Richard Matthias ?' Witness (looking significantly at the prisonar)— ' Many men have more than ona namo, I can tell you.' Prisoner — ' Do they call you by any other name than Richard Vfatthias ?'' Witness-'They call me what thoy like.' His Lordship—' They may do what they like, but prisoner wants to know whether they do call you by any other namo.' Witness — ' Well, my lord, it's just in this way. I have a nickname, but my own mother gave it to mo.' Prisoner—' Wero you drunk whon you wont to bed ? Witness— ' I was never drunk in my lifo. I drank a glass of ale. it is true, and that is all — mo and tho boy.' ' ' Hi3 Lordship—' Are you quite sure all this was not a dream— a fancy ?' Witness — 'Fancy, my lord ? No, not a bit of it.' Prisoner — ' Didn't you consider it was a spirit?'— 'Witness (contemptuously) — 'Consider it was a spirit 1 Why, I didn't see you, man. How could I consider it a spirit when 1 never saw anything V , Prisoner — ' Didn't you think you were con versing with a spirit ?'— Witness— 'Woll, if you are a spirit, I was conversing with one. ' Prisoner — ' Didn't you think it was a ghost ?'-^- Witness — ' I didn't know whethor it was a ghost or hot, and didn't care.' Prisoner—' Weren't you frightoned ?'— Wit- ness— ' Frightened ? I should think not.' 'Prisoner— ' And you didn't think it was a ghost .''-—Witness—' How could I think it was ghost, when I put my hand against you and felt you were flesh and blood t Ghost indeed !' ? Prisoner--' And you say you didn't think it was a spirit or a ghost, because you heard it walk down stairs 1 ' — Witness — ' Of course j I never heard of either a spirit or a ghost that wore boots. Did you ?' ' Prisoner—' Did you ever see a ghost bare' footed ?' — Witnoss— ' 1 never saw a ghost at all, but I dont think any of them wear boots.' 'Prisoner then addressed the jury at consider able length, and with much intelligence, arguing that prosecutor must have had a droam and, dreamt it all. : The jury 'acquitted' the prisoner, and he was discharged from custody. The case caused considerable amusement— the court being, at times, convulsed with laughter in which his lordship appeared irresistibly compelled to join. ? _^ Attack by Whalks.— The Dunedin Evening Post of April 22nd, Bays : — Most people familiar with nautical affairs have read or beard of that strange tale of tho sea which relates how the American brig Essex was attacked by a sperm whale in the South Pacific, and had her side stove in ; an adventure somewhat similar, though happily unattended with the sarqe disas trous results, has befallen tho ketch Elisabeth, Captain Short, which arrived here yesterday trom Manawatu. as we are informed, while tho ketch was standing across the entrance to the harbor, three whales, one very largo and the other two smaller, suddenly appeared' on her broadside, coming 'stem on' with great velocity, as if they meant , to charge. Before coming into actual collision with the vessel, they , suddeqly dived, but so close were they in going down that their tails overhung the deck. The centre-board was down, and in passing underneath, the whale struok'it so violently as to send itquito up. The pugnacious cctacece appeared immediately on the other bide, some of. them bleeding prof usely from the effects of the collision. They headed baok for the vessel, but the rude rebuff .they received from the centre-board probably deterred ' them from striking her again.' ?'? '? ? ?? 