THE A OS Tit A LAST AN WESLEYAN METHODIST UoNtfEJiBNCB, 1871. TFrom Iho ITolmrl Town Mr.rr.iirn A I'iiiht IMy=-Ja.wijauy H-. I The BcvanlwnlU jititnio.| (Joiif Fiction of tho iustralimiim Wr-elsyiui MnMio'linfc Ohuroh began ittt uilting* i?i Um jWnlvill^ntrt-r.fc CShurah. The following mini 4 torn fM-m other oolunin* were preimrit : =-'J'li«- ISov. Moasru. WntsforiJ (President --f U,rt (JonfVoJin?), }}inkfor-J, Thomas Willimrm, Drvlgnon, VVVJIa. JJar«, -Jop«.f Blamires, and FitclxT, fiom Victoria; K«-.v«. Messrs. Hurst (Gji-l'mtiiknt). Uaborin (Onnnrnl Secretary of Missions), 'Wallun, O.mrl. Otanii man, Jabez Waterhousc, Oram, Ournuw, Mar tin, and Phillips, from New South WaUm ; Revs. Messrs. Binks, James, Patchell, an-i Goldsmith, from South Australia ; Rev. J. Harding, from Queensland ; Kev. A. Reid' from New Zealand ; Kev. J. Rooney, from Fiji ; together with all the ministers in full connection residing in this colony, except the Kev. A. Inglis, of Westbury, prevented by illness from oeing present. The Conference was opened by sieging the 478fch hymn. After which the Sec retary read a psalm, and the Kevs. S. Kabone and H. Gaud engaged in prayer. The Conference was then addressed by tbe retiring President (the Kev. G. Hurst), who in a few earnest and appropriate sentences intro duced the £er. John Watsford, of Ballarat, as his successor, at the same time handing over to him a copy of the Word of God, the Conference Seal, and the Conference Journal. The new President then took the chair, and delivered the following address : — ' Mr. Ex President and Brethren — I thank you for the very kind and cordial way in which you have received me to-day as President of this Con ference. It assures me that while I feel I am far from being all that your President should be, yet you will bear with and help me, and pray that God may bless and guide and sustain me in the high position in which you and the British Conference have placed me. I do not intend to try to make a long speech. We have eo much to do, and so little time in which to do it, that it would ill become me to take up the time of the Conference by any lengthy address. But you will, I am sure, kindly allow me to give expression to the t eelings of my heart on this occasion. I thank God for my connection with Methodism. I sincerely feel it, when I say what has often been said, that I owe all I am and have, under God, to this church. Converted at the age of eighteen under its ministry, I have for more than thirty -three years enjoyed its privileges, and have had the great honor of being one of its ministers for twenty-eight years. I mourn to-day over much unfaithfulness ; but I bless God that I am still numbered among his servants, and that I have not altogether labored in vain. 'When I entered upon this work, I knew there were many thing's I could do, many things I could not do ; but I was fully convinced that I might be an earnest and suc cessful preacher of the Gospel, and be in strumental in saving souls. I determined, God helping me, to aim at this, and I hope and believe that, in my humble way, this has to some extent been accomplished. I rejoice to say that my attachment to Metho dism has grown with my years, and my love to our glorious Church and all connected with it is greater now than ever it was. I greatly love and respect its ministers. Whatever failings and infirmities they may have, I regard them as men of God, true servants of Jesus Christ, who make it the one great business of their lives to save souls. I esteem very highly in love for their works' sake those who are asso ciated with us in the work of the Church — our local preacher?, our leaders, our Sabbath-school teachers, our stewards, our tract distributors, our prayer leaders — a noble band of working men and women greatly honored and. blessed by God. I love our Methodist people, the thousands and tens of thou sands who have tasted that the Lord is gracious, and are walking in the fear of the Lord, and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. I thank God for our Methodist doctrine— our clear, well-defineA system of theology. What some others regard as our fault and weakness, we all, I am sure, most heartily praise God for — a system of theology which we believe to be truly scriptural, from which we have no desire to depart ; from which we cannot depart and continue ministers of this Church ; and from which, thank God, we have not departed. Whilst there have been many changes all around us, whilst the conflict of mind has been so great, and the failures so .many, we have still held by the faith delivered unto us ; and neither because it has been fashionable, nor because it has been considered very intellectual, have we run. after the errors so popular in these days. I pray God that we may evei be kept faithful. I thank God for our Methodist discipline, and I would say with those who have preceded me, that I rejoice that we are still de termined not to reckon or regard asy one as a member of this Church who does not meet in class with us. We have from the fiist con tended for Christian Communion, and we have it heio. We believe that we ought to know who and what they are who come to the Lord's table ; and whilst other churches have their plans and arrangements for knowing this, we have ours, and we are prepared to abide by them. I praise God that I have had any part in the great Missionary work, and I rejoice with you in the financial position of the Society last year. I hope it may be as good this year. Our Missionary Society is in many respects in a very critical position just now, and it should have our sympathy and prayers. I believe we did right as a Conference in taking these missions under our care, that all we do for the missions not only does not hinder our home work, but greatly helps it, and I think we are greatly honored and bl ssed by our connection with this noble institution. As at former Conferences, we miss to- day some of those who so earnestly labored amongst us, and so greatly helped in all our deliberations. They have finished their work and entered into their rest. And our work, brethren, will soon be ended. May we do it well ! And when the end comes, may we enter into the Master's joy ! I am sure that I may say that we all deeply feel how heavy has been the blow that has fallen upon the cause of education in general, and Methodist education in particular, by the lamented death of Dr. Corrigan, and that we very sincerely sympathise with brother Waugb and all connected with Wesley College in thi^ sad beresvement. And now, brethren, I pray God tbat we have a good conference. Let us Consecrate ourselves to God, and earnestly pray for the baptism of the Spirit. Let us do the work as brethren, and as servants of .Tesus Christ. And as it is very desirable that we have a short conference, let us do the business with all the dispatch consistent 'with the im portance; and may God bless us.' The next business was the election of a Secretary. The Rev. B. Chapman was re elected. The Kevs. J. Water house and' N. Bennet were appointed Assistant- Secretaries. Leave of absence was granted to the fol lowing Chairmen of Districts who were unable to attend : —The Kevs. J. S. Waugh, T. Bud ile, and J. Buller. Votes of thanks, which were duly acknowledged, were unanimously pre sented to the retiring President and the Secre t«ry for their services during the past year. The reply of the British Conference of 1870 to the reply of the last Australasian Conference w..s read and received, and arrangements nia'le for the preparation of the address to the British Conference for this year. The following minis ters were received into full connection with the Conference : — The Revs. M. Maddera, J. W. Brown, G. IL Holmes, J. A. Waddell, E. Taylor, H. Moore, W. Weston, E. J. Bick ford. H. Oatford, T. E. Ick, M A., C. Lankaster, J. Haslem, W. Oliver, J. Osborne, and A. J. Webb. The resignation.3 of two preachecs on trial are accepted. The Chairmen of Districts reported the name? of 44 others who still re main on trial, as with one or two exceptions not having yet completed their term of proba tion. The question next came under considera tion, ' What preachers are now received on trial ?' The names of 11 candidates were ap proved of. The ex-President, with Messrs. Cope, Wells, and Goldsmith, were appointed a sub-comniitt e to investigate the state of the Education Fund, and to bring up a report to the Conference. The Chairman and represen tatives of the various districts were appointed a sub-cemiuittee to consider and report on mat ters relating to the Sunday- Schools of the Wesleyan Church Notice of motion was given by the ex-President with reference to the mode of electing district representatives to the Con ference. Second Day— Jantjaby 20. The consideration of cases of candidature for thfs rriinintry was resumed. The following young njfin, including those whose names were boforo tho Conference on Thursday, were Rccnr'to-1 on 'trial :— W. H. Beale, R. McKeown, .J. Woolnou.h, H. Youngman, T. Moore, A. MMgUy, T. F. Reeve, C. H. Ingamells, H. E. M«rrirnn.n, J. W. Jngharn, J. H. Tuckfield, A. ./. V. -V}o, W. IL I'olIaH, J. C. Macdougall, W. liurridtfo, W. H. Harper, W. B. Marten, and If. J. 0. Gilbert. The death of one minister ininco la«t Conference, the Kev. K. Amos, of Par ramatta, N. H. WrIoh, was reported. The Revs. S. Rabor.o and H. Gaud were requested to pre pare an obituary notice for insertion in the Con ference minutes. The question of character then occupied the serious attention of the Con ference. The names of the various ministers stationed in these colonies were read over, in order that any objec lions with respect to cha racter, heterodox preaching, breach of disci pline, or incompetent ability, might be care fully considered. A Committee of Discipline, consisting of the Revs. G. Hurst, W. A. Quick, S. Kabone, I. Harding, W. P. Wells, W. L. Binks, and A. Reid, was appointed to inves tigate any cases demanding enquiry, and report to the Conference. The next business was al!eration or division of circuits, and the entering upon new stations. In New South Wales three new stations were recommended for occupation — Bombala, Wilcannia, and Wentworth, and the division into two circuits of a large tract of countiy which has hitherto only formed one, under the name of the Narrabri and Moree Cir cuits. This tract of country was represented as being about the size of England ; and the minister at present in charge has had to ride over 450 miles in one direction. A gentleman in England had offered a considerable sum an nually towards the support of an additional ni'nis-.er in that locality. In Queensland it was resolved that a new station named Logan should be occupied. The Chairman of the Queensland District, the Rev. J. Harding, re presented the great need of more ministers for vast districts now being settled in that colony, but which have to ba left without ministers for want of funds. In Victoria a new station named Ray wood is to be taken up. In South Australia there is a large district extending some 200 miles between Kooringa and Mount Remark able, including several large estates, the gentle men resident on which have offered consider able annual subscriptions in order that the district may be regularly supplied with Gospel administrations. This district, under the general name of the 'North-East.' is to have a minister. In Tasmania, the Fingal district from Avoca eastwards to the coast, and then northward to George's Bay and the coun try around, is to be made a circuit and have a resident minister. The greater part of the funds necessary for this have been guaranteed for the first year. A new circuit is also to be formed in New Zealand. Besides these new stations, properly so called, a large number of circuits in almost all the colonies have outgrown their original dimensions, and are to be divided — in some cases into two, in others into three circuits. The Kev. James Bick ford asked permission to state to the Conference that he had just received froiM the Rev. Win. Butters, who, many years ago, labored success fully in this island, and is bow residing as a supernumerary minister in England, a letter in which he spoke of his health as being better than it had been for years, so that he was able to preach twice ever/y Sunday, and attend two or three public meetings in the course of every week. Mr. Butters sent his love to the President and to his mini3terial brethren. Mr. Bickford also informed the Conference that the Fev. Dr. Rigg, Principal of the Wesleyan Training Institution, Westminster, had been elected a member of the School Board for the city of London, under the new Education A ct at home. Applications were read from ? two esteemed ministers connected with the Irish Wesleyan Conference, but obliged to make their homes in Australia through ill health, to be admitted into connection with this Conference as minis ters of the Australian WesTeyan Church. The Conference, whilst desirous to show these gentlemen the highest respect, were obliged to decline acceding to their request on account of tbe great difficulty experienced in finding circuits for additional married men. It was resolved that the names of these mi nisters should be appended to the lists of stations, as supernumerary ministers in con nection with the Irish Conference, but now resident in Australia. Thibd Day— January 2L Tha whole day was occupied with the question of ministerial appointments for the next year. There were present the following ministers in addition to those whose names were given in the account of the first day '3 proceedings : — The Revs. G. Daniel (Richmond. Victoria), E. King (Williamstown), J. W. Crisp (Warrnambool), J. B. Smith (Brighton, Victoria), J, G. Turner (Belfast), C. Lane (Geelong), J. Woolnongh, B.A. (Sydney), P. R. C. Ussher (Kyneton), and W. Woodall (Brighton, Victoria). Fotjbth D.sY — Januaby 23. It has frequently been the custom in past years to obtain the services of young men for the Wesleyan Ministry who have been specially sent for from England. Now, however, the supply of candidates for the ministry from these colonies has become sufficient to meet the or dinary needs of the Australasian Connexion. The following resolution was accordingly passed:— 'That in the opinion of this Con ference it will gr«atly embarrass the connexion, if any of the Chairmen of Districts be allowed to write to England for ministers without per mission of the Conference ; and that in future all applications for ministers must be sanctioned by the Conference and forwarded by the Presi dent.' The number of members of each circuit of the Connexion was read, which was followed by a conversation arising out of these statistics. The result of this conversa tion was a resolution tbat the first part of a morning session should be devoted to a conver sation on the state of the work of God in con nection with the Wesleyan Methodist Church in these colonies. The following are the statistics of membership in the Wesleyan Church in the various colonies by members being understood those who meet in class : — New South Wales ? 5,6^9 Queensland ? 479 Victoria ? 11,722 South Australia ? 5,319 Tasmania ? 1,619 Western Australia ? 166 New Zealand ? 2,785 27,759 being an increase for the year of 1,533. whilst there are on trial for membership 3,000 per sons. On the mission sta ions in Fiji and Bo tumah there were 22,354 members renorted, being an increase for the year of 2,006, with 5,318 on trial for membership. The returns for the Friendly Islauds and SamoaT have not yet come to hand. The following resolutions were passed respecting the various Connexional Funds :—' 1. The Confereace acknowledges, with i bankfulness, the ready cheerfulness and liberal support which the various Con nexional Fun/is have had from each dis trict ia the Australian colonies ; and re joices in this additional proof of the attach ment of the Wesleyan Church to the Connexional principle, the maintenance of which is so essential to its stability and useful ness. 2. The Chairmen of Districts are re quired to report to the Conference all cases in which Superintendents of Circuit fail io make the various Corsnesional Golltctions.' The members of the Financial District Committees for the year 1871 wore appointed, these Cein mittees consisting of the ministers of the re spective districts, aiid the Circuit Stewards of the various circuits in those districts. The mem bers of the Missiona: y and Connexional Gomi mittees for the present year were appointed. The members of the Educational Committees for the several colonial districts were also ap pointed. The following resolution was passed ' respecting the Wesley an Church Contingent and Extension Fund raised by the various dis tricts in aid of the work of God in their several localities : — ' In order that the Gospel may be sent into the neglected por' ions of the various colonies while existing stations are vigorously sustained, the Conference deems it highly important that each circuit of the Con nexion should do all in its power to augment the resources of this Fund. The Rev. J. Dare }' moved the adoption by the Conference of a proposed constitution for the ' Home Mission and Contingent Fund Society for Victoria,' with a view to the more thorough organization of the Church Contingent and Extension Fund in that colony. The constitution, after some discus ion as to details, was passed. The sale of certain connexional properties was sanc tioned. 