THE GHOST OF COBBETT TO THE PEOPLE OF VICTORIA. Campe int : They will not stick to say you envied him. And, fearing he would rise, he was so virtuous, Kept him a foreign man stul. \Wolsey : He was a fool ; For he would needs ho virtuous. Now, that follow (Gardner), If I command him, follows my ap pointment. I will have none so near else. Learn this, brother, We livo not to be grip'd by meaner persons ! SiiAKsruaRB, Henry VIII. An old story ! Always thus with the patronage of the great! So long as you are subservient you are in clover ; directly von begin to feel your soul your own, to think and to reason, of yourself, by yourself, and for yourself, hanging is too good for you. Brindley, the engineer, thought that God made rivers for no other purpose than " to feed canals Aristotle thought all " barbarous" (or foreign) nations were intended by nature to be slaves to his own ; Lord Tom Noddy thinks laborers were born to work their lives out for him ; and England, with subservient fellows, a la Gardner, such as M'Cul- loch and Francis, looks upon her colonies as sources of gold and of wool for her, and convenient cesspools for her undetected criminals, her offscourings, and ne'er-do-wells, paupers, and black guards, ' or fellows with just brains enough to dig for gold, and sufficient self-respect to enduro the life of a beast, relieved by occasional pleasures beneath those of any biute. And this is called by noodles, " assisted immigration !" England sends us out only those whom she votes to be nuisances. A ne'er-do- well slut; well known to parish and to bench, and of whom the parson is glad, too glad, to be rid, obtains a passage here. At home, no one ever trusted her with the care of a pig-sty, or, if they did, they bitterly repented it. Arrived here, she commands wages never dreamed of before ; enters on du ties connected with health and cleanli ness, of which she has about as much knowledge as nn ape, and nearly as much appreciation as nn intelligent pig. Employers, in succession, be come, one by one, quite weary of in structing her. She flaunts at church, dressed more gaudily than any of my tiaUgUtci ttuu uu icuU! 1JpA1L herns a bar girl, chaffing fools, instead of sorubbing floors. Soon comes Romeo Lane ; then the Police Court ; then — hut you know all this as well as you do the host of useless loafing 'male drones sent out to us, only to fill our gaols, and make our streets unpleasant, and ply their old pavement trade upon their fellow inmates in the Benevolent Asylum. And these are your immi grants! Why ? Because it takes no -skill to dig for gold, only patient endu rance of dirt and wet. Now, England was once a wool producing country herself, just as we were before the gold fever. What did the King do 1 Why, he was a bit of a man of business. He determined to make bis nation manu facture the material it produced. For this purpose, having levied a protective duty on all manufactured articles — this for "the time, by way of scaffolding, until thehousesbould be built — hesent to Elanders for skilled artisans to come to bis country, and to manufacture on the spot. No mere adventurers or loafers, but real, downright skilled ar- tisans. .ana sucu wiu always com mand their wages. They need no assistance, and they know it. This Was the foundation of England's pros perity, and we should follow her ex- ample, whether people in office at home ' like it or not. So, now you see I am for a thorough revision of the immigra tion system imposed on you by England, through our Government. No more paupers or criminals (detected or sus pected), and no more sapless, half-pal sied idlers, with just strength enough to puddle, just energy enough to fossick, and just brains enough to get drunk on poisoded alcohol and adulterated swipes. Give a temporary protection, and the skilled workman will come, and bring his family with him. In these will be found by you trustworthy ser vants, like those of the olden time, who know their duties, who love cleanliness, and, best of all, who have beea taught to take pride in saving their wages, in stead of going headlong to ruin. If you open your eyes, and take this matter into your own hands, this, and more, can be done. But I have come all this way, Victorians, to impress on you that England does not adopt towards you the policy she has all nlong used towards herself, and by which 6he has become great. A skipper of a vessel, or landlord of an inn, may warmly recommend his " this or that " beve rage, hut mark what he drinks himself. Depend upon it it is not the worst. England uses you only thinking of her self — " Jloab is my washpot, and over Edom willl cast my shoe." And your Governments, one and all, sympathise with England and English prosperity, to the prejudice of colonial industry. This feudal sentiment may perhaps bo carried a trifle too far. " Get up, Jock, my dear bairn," said a loyal Scot's mother in the ITielunds, " Get up, an' he hangit, laddie, yere just keepin' the laird wnitin' for his breakfast." I preler England's example, and its results. It may be a nice thing, in the first place, to make Victoria a country peopled by squatters, for the purpose of raising wool for the home manufac turers in Great Britain, in consideration of which they received the manufac tured article duty free; but, don't you think it an improvement, if you could make it worth the while of good and ekilful self-respecting workmen to come here and manufacture your own raw material, and thus dispense with the shiploads of paupers, and worse, that only fill your gaols and hospitals With your youth, prostrated by horrible diseases, but who never scrubbed a floor, scoured a saucepan, or handled' a broom in their lives? Your obedient servant, TO. UOBBETT. (To be contmim.Ji 