COUNTRY NEWS. A MAN named Michael Quinan was found drowned in a dam near M'Crae street, Sandhurst, on Monday. THE Climes Borough Council have resolved that the personal expenses allowed each member of that body, sent on deputations to Melbourne, shall not exceed £7. Ur THE Wimmera and Murray blacks prognosfticate all0ther floofl. The exttCt date fixed for this uprising of the waters is the 16th November. AT Paddy's Gully, Sandhurst, a young lad named Archibald Brown fell down a shaft, on Sunday, and was killed. His neck was dislocated, and the right thigh and leg fractured, besides several injuries to the skull. IN consequence of the continued drought, irrigation has been commenced at Deniliquin. The hay crops generally look bad, and unless rain speedily comes will, it is expected, excepting where irrigated, prove a failure. A WEALTHY Chinaman named Lee Gee has attempted suicide at Golden Point, Ballarat. AT Smeaton, some forty acres of the public park have been occupied by one John PoBtle ; thwaite. ' AT Mortlake a few days ago a child had been eating some potatoes and bacon, and had smeared its arms and hands with the food. A pig prowling about found its way into the house, and was making a meal of one of the child's hands so covered when the mother happened to come in. The hand had been in the jaws of the animal, and on it there were several teethmarks. EDWARD NEEDHAM was discharged from Launceston Gaol on the 15th inst., after having undergone a month's incarceration ; but (says the Examiner) before he had well cleared the portals of that old institution he was met by a detective officer from Ballarat, and arrested on a warrant, charged with forging a cheque in December, 1867\. He was brought up to the police office and remanded to Ballarat. P A NATIVE tiger was lately captured at Blessington, Tasmania, measuring from the point of the nose to the tip of the tail, 6ft. 3in. When first started be was in the act of eating a sheep. THE whole of the trout ova received by the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society are now hatched out, and the young fish are extremely healthy. Blackwood has followed the good example set by Ballarat in forming a society for the introduction and preservation of fish, and it is likely (says the Star) that some of the young trout now in Ballarat will be transferred to the Ler'derderg River. MR. PEDRANA'S Springs Saw-mill hotel, Warrenheip, has been totally destroyed by a fire which broke out on Monday morning, about two o'clock. AT a special meeting of the Kyneton Agricultural Association, the date of the show bus been altered to 23rd November. The prizes (states the Observer) will amount to about £600. Two boats, of some five to six tons burden, and about 24ft. in length, have been placed on the Mnlmsbury reservoir. During the coming Bummer it will be possible (says the M. A. Mail) to have a three miles' pull without going to Sandridge. THE Brighton Horticultural Society have decided this year to resuscitate their poultry show. They have issued the schedule of prizes to be competed for, amounting to nearly £40. The exhibition is to take place in the orderly-room, and exhibitors of poultry must reside south of the Yarra. THE residents in Creswick will have to be content with a branch line after all. The engineer- in-chief on Tuesday reported to the hou. the Minister of Railways the result of his examination of the line of country from Ballarat to Creswick, via the Dead Horse Range. His opinion is that it is almost impracticable for the main line to be carried round by Creswick en route to Clunes. COUNCILLOR MORRIS, it is stated, will be a candidate for one of the aldermanic gowns at the election which occurs in November at Geelong. A GOLD reef has been discovered about eight miles from Albury, the course having been traced for over a quarter of a mile. THE first anniversary banquet of the Ballarat district directory of the Hibernian Society took place on Tuesday night at Campbell's Adelphi Hotel, Sturt street. There were about sixty gentlemen present. Mr. Toomey, district president, was in the chair, and Mr. J. M'Hugh, vicepresident of the CluneB branch, Mr. M. Ryan, secretary to the Learmonth branch, and Mr. P. Robins, treasurer of the district, were the vicechairmen. The Clunes branch was also represented by Mr. John Moore Davis, president, and Mr. John Finn, treasurer ; the Bungaree branch by Mr. Deveraux, president, and Mr. Barlow, vice- president; the Gordon branch by Mr. Carton, president; and the Buninyong branch by Mr. Hayes, president. After dinner the chairman proposed the usual loyal toasts, which received customary honour. The chairman then proposed "The Executive and Parliament of Victoria," and the toast was duly hodoured. The chairman then proposed " His Holiness the Pope " and " The Bishop and Clergy," which were enthusiastically received. Mr. Dineen proposed " The Irish- Australian Catholic Benefit Society," coupled with the name of Mr. D. Brophy, who responded. Mr. Hayes then proposed "Our Native Land," to which Mr. J. M'Hugh responded. Mr. Welsh proposed " The Land of our Adoption." Mr. John Moore Davis responded. Among the other toasts drunk was " Kindred Societies." A MORTLAKE telegram says that one of the most terrific thunderstorms ever experienced there occurred on Sunday night. THE members of the Ministry and the delegates to the Intercolonial Conference are to be banqueted together at Ballarat. A BET was made at Guildford the other day as to the shortest day this year, and Mr. Ellery, the Government astronomer, was appealed to, and (says the M. A. Mail) gave the following reply : —"I beg to inform you that the shortest day this year was on the 32nd of June. It varies a little from one year to another, but only a few seconds. In 1867, 1868, and 1869 it came on the 21st. It depends on the sun's declination, and that body does not.reach its greatest north declination at the same time every year. The difference between the length of the day on the 21st and 22nd waj five or six seconds. A PUBLIC meeting was convened at Brighton by the mayor on Monday evening, to consider the best site for a telegraph and poBt office. There were about 600 persons present. A large majority was in favour of that adopted by the council at their last meeting, viz., the court-house reserve. THE members of the Corio Bay Oyster Culture Company—Messrs. Hopkins, Volum, Young, Simeon, Franks, and Heath—went out on Friday in the Southern CrosB yacht, to the lately formed oyster-beds, taking with them the framework of a house to be erected near the scene of operations. The party dredged for oysters, which were brought up plentifully and in first-rate condition, many of them , covered-with the spat. An acre has now been enclosed with basket-work, composed of hardwood hurdles and vine cuttings, by. which the bed is thoroughly enclosed. All the party expressed themselves highly satisfied with the promising appearances presented, anticipating good returns from the venture. IN reference to the land gale at Ballarat on 2nd October, it is notified that lot 8 has been withdrawn from sale. In like manner lots*39 and 40 have been withdrawn from the schedule for 6th October at Ballarat. . MINERS in Ballarat East have been so eager to get at the gold for which they are sinking that they have been carrying on their work on Sunday, and we understand that in consequence a number of them will be summoned for the offence by the police. IT is gazetted that the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint the gentlemen holding the offices hereinafter mentioned to be members of local boards for the management of certain reserves for the preservation and growth of timber, to be designated State forests, which boards shall carry out regulations to be framed by the Board of Land and WorkB for the protection and management of such reserves, under section 108 of the Land Act, 1869, viz. :—'The President of the ' Shire of Talbot, the local member of the mining bo(\rd, the Mayor of Clunes, the Mayor of Amherst, and the district surveyor, to be a local ' board for the Clunes and Eglinton State Forest; the President of the Shire of Talbot, the Chairman of the Maryborough Mining Board, the Mayor of Craigie, and the district-surveyor, to be a local board for the Cragie State Forest; the President of the Shire of Talbot, the local member of the mining board, the Mayor of Clunes, the Mayor of Amherst, and the district-surveyor, to be a local board for the Eglington State Forest; the President of the Shire of Tullaroop, the Chairman of the Maryborough Mining Board, the Mayor of Maryborough, the'Mayor of Carisbrook, and the district-surveyor, to he a local board for the Havelock State Forest ; the President of the Shire of Newstead, the Chairman of the Castlemaine Mining Board, the Mayor of Castlemaine, the Mayor of Clunes, and the district- surveyor, to be a local board for the Sandon and Campbeltown State Forest; the President of the Shire of Tullaroop, the Chairman of the Maryborough Mining Board, the Mayor of Maryborough, and the district-surveyor, to be a local board for the Wareek State Forest. The boundaries of those forests are also given in the Government Gazette. AT a late meeting of the Carisbrook Land Selectors' League (Mr. Meadway, president, ia the chair), it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Perry, seconded by Mr. Kirk, that the period allowed for payment for Crown lands, purchased at auction, should be one-half at time of purchase, and the other half at six and.twelve mouths. The secretary was instructed to communicate this resolution to the Minister of Lands, requesting his favourable consideration thereof. On the motion of Mr. M'Lay, seconded by Mr. Perry, it was resolved that the Minister of Lands be communicated with in reference to the survey fees being disallowed to the transferee, requesting that the transferree be allowed the same privilege as the original selector. The president brought under the notice of the league the question of raising sugar from beet-root, and intimated his intention to readapaper on the subject at the next meeting. THE funeral of Patrick Sullivan, son of Mr. Martin Sullivan, of the National Hotel, Sebastcpol, took place on Sunday, at the Old Cemetery, the Very Rev. Dean Moore being the officiating clergyman. About 260 of the Nos. 1 and 2 branches of the Hibernian Society followed the corpse, accompanied by the band of the Hibernian Society and the drum and fife band of the Rangers, for whose attendance the officers of the Hibernian Society desired to express their thanks. The deceased was a promising lad of about 15 years of age, and as a pupil at Grenville College had passed some close examinations with credit. Indeed it is said that over-study had probably conduced to his untimely death, the cause of death being a head affection. QOITE an excitement was caused at Creswick on Saturday in consequence of the holding of the annual show of entire stock. Judging by the number of farmers and others present it indicates that they take great interest in the improvement of entire stock. The following is a list of the exhibits :—Blood stock—Mr. G. S. Hepburn's Harkaway. Draught—Mr. M'Rorie's Lothian Tam (colonial), Mr. Wilson's Heather Jock (colonial), Mr. Sinclair's Lord Clyde (colonial), Mr. Cox's Victor and Prince of Wales (imported), Mr. Gallaway's Bob Burns, Mr. Ellwood's Glen Esk, Mr. Harwood's Cleveland, Stonewall Jackson, The most admired were Heather Jock, Bob Burns, and a new one in the district, Mr. Ellwood's fouryear-old Glen Esk, but it was admitted that there was not a bad horse in the show. LADY MARTIN, the wife of the Premier of New South Wales, had a narrow escape of losing her life on Saturday morning, while on a visit to the Winter's Freehold mine, Ballarat. Her ladyship (says the Courier) was standing with a number of ladies and gentlemen near the ground opening at the No. 1 shaft, when she leaned over the shaft to look down. A truck was coming dovra rapidly from the brace, and when within a few feet of Lidy Martin's head, Mr. W. C. Smith, M.L.A, observed her danger, and pulled her forcibly back. Another moment and Lady Martin, must have been killed on the spot. AN adjourned licensing meeting was held on Monday, at Heidelberg, before Mr. Strutt, M.P., and Mr. S. Ricardo, when the postponed application of Mrs. S. M'Ewen for a wine license for her late beer-shop, the Travellers' Rest, was granted. THE Wendouree bunyip has put in an appearance once more. For some weeks past the residents at the Wheatsheaf hotel, on the east side of the lake, have heard cries at night that could not have come from water fowl, and a few days ago a creature was seen amongst the reeds moving much more rapidly than a dog could, and causing a greater displacement of vegetation than the birds frequenting there are capable of. On Wednesday afternoon (says the Courier) a young man named George Mudie, in company with a com- - panion, saw the stranger near the -landing-stage at the entrance to the Botanic GardenB. Whea first seen, the animal dived, but getting into shallow water, came up again,and for ten minutes paddled about within 50 yards of the spectators, who describe it as exactly like a seal, with a round chubby head, short shiny fur, and a pair of short fius. It stood upright more tlian once, and appeared to be about 4ft. high. THU Baliarat Eveniny Mail on Saturday received from Eldorado the following telegram :— "To the Editor of the Evening Mail, Baliarat. Miners, beware ! The wen that were sent from Baliarat and signed an agreement for two (2) months' work at two pounds fifteen shillings per week, for the Eldorado G.T.M. Co., is «t present unemployed, and all drives is open for public tender. So much for coining two hundred miles. Other papers please copy.— CHARLES WILKIE, on behalf of the Baliarat men." The following telegram was received from the manager of the United Ovens Gold and Tin Mining Company at Eldorado •—" Great dissatisfaction exists amongst the Baliarat men, owing to their having been put on to contract •work. The agreement made with the men was to the effect that cither contract or wages was to be accepted. I wish to put you and the people of Baliarat on your guard against any anonymous reports from miners here.—J. COCK, manager United Ovens Gold and Tin Company." A ruiiLrc meeting was held at Moolap on the 13th inst... to lake into consideration, cays the Geelong Advertiser, the propriety of petitioning the Hon. J. M. Grant to withdraw the Kensington reserve from selection. Mr. Tobin presided. Mr. Tremillan proposed, and Mr. Humphreys seconded, that the meeting should divide on the question, " selection" and " non-selection." The division showed—For selection, 14 ; against, 19. It was thereupon resolved that a petition te the hon. the Commissioner of Lands should be drawn up, praying that the reserve be still retained for ccnmionage purposes, and tlmt such petition should he entrusted to Mr. Levien, M.L.A., for presentation. A. MEETING of the committee of the Merino and Sandford Fnrnftrs' Scciety was held on Tuesday hist, Mr. L\ Ford, the president, in the chair. Through sickness in his family, the secretary was unable to attend, and in consequence eome of the business had to stand over. Some accounts were passed for payment; it was resolved on the motion of Messrs. Silvester and Fulton that a committee, consisting of the members present and Messrs. Cheriton and Graham, be appointed to frame rules for the society, and that the committee be prepared to submit the rules to a meeting to be held at Sandford on the 24th of October. The society has deter-, mined on employing more energy in its affairs, and the first step in the improving line is framing good laws, A sub- committee meeting will be held at Merino on Monday fortnight.— Colcraine Allien. As many young farmers are away shearing on the Murray and Murrumbidgee, the following extract from the Riverine Herald may be interesting to their friends at home :—" At a meeting of squatters held at Echucca, for the purpose of fixing the rate to be paid during the present season it was resolved that the rate through, out the district shall be lis. per 100 sheep •where rations are provided, and 14s, per 100 •where shearers provide themselves. Iu the event of any shearer leaving the particular shed in which he is engaged before the end of shearing, or when he may be discharged from such shed, either for bad conduct or bad shearing, 2s. per 100 sheep shorn by such shearer shall be deducted from the gross amount of his earnings. DEPUTATION from the Local Bodies Conference has bad an interview with the hon. the Attorney-General for the purpose of laying before him the resolutions arrived at by the conference with reference to some necessary alterations in the Shire Statute, Thistle Act, and Wines, Beer and Spirits Sale Statute. The principal amendments were in the "Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sale Statute, and. recommended the issue of night licenccB in some of the country districts, the abolition of colonial wine licences in the £10 licence districts,' and the modification of the Sunday trading clause. Mr. Walsh promised to carefully consider the amendments proposed by the conference, and incorporate them in any measure subsequently brought forward by the Government on the subject. THE - Bellarine farmers'are preparing their land for planting the sugar-beet in anticipation of their receiving eome part at least of the munificent prize offered by the Government, A full meeting of agriculturists is expected on Saturday at the Agricultural Society's rooms, Geelong, when the beet question will be fully discussed. MR. MACKENZIE, of Connewarren, has, during this season, obtained from one paddock of 1500 sheep ninety-five per cent, of lambs. A BEUECTOB named Walsh, residing at Ondit, •was recently working some 200 yards from his hut in a'paddock close to the tea-tree scrub in the vicinity, when he saw the thatch covering the roof of his hut on fire. He hastened to the place, but was unable to save anything, only the walls built of stone being left standing. About a ton of potatoes and £3 in money were also destroyed. The work is supposed to be that of an incendiary. BEFOBE the late rain some of the farmers in the Geelong district were anticipating bad cropB, owing to the want of sufficient moisture in the subsoil, which, in some places, had scarcely been wet. The early sown crops look most promising, but the Jate ones, from [that cause, are unhealthy looking. Field peas will, it is expected, be largely sown this year, and in some instances be substituted for the present crops, the land being re ploughed for the purpose. ON Lake Connewarre there are thirty swivel guns, and last season each party shot on the average 5000 ducks. FROM the Geelong Advertiser we leara that oyster culture in Corio Bay is progressing very favourably. Now that Swan Bay is open to the fishermen of Queenscliff, it is estimated that £2000 worth of fish can be taken out every six months. A MAM named Cameron is trussing from the Eunonyareengab run. As he knew the run well it is thought he must he drowned, as his hat was found near a dam. MB. ' CHARLES YEO'S magnificent imported Clydesdale sire Westhorn died at Woodstock Park. The horse was purchased by Mr. Yeo for £700. • WAGGA WAGGA was visited lately with a smart shock of an earthquake. The shock was also felt at Gobbagumbalin. Wantabadgero, Tarcutta, and other places in the neighbourhood. A GIBL named Sophia Lawless, at Queanbeyan, has been committed for trial for incendiarism and larceny. Her employer gave her a good character when she was before tried for larceny, and said that he would be willing to take her into his service again when she came out of gaol. He did so, and for his reward had nearly all the valuable goods in his house stolen by Lawless, and hie house afterwards burnt. THE Lai Lai ghost has resolved itself (says the Baliarat Courier, 16th September) into a tangible subBtance, in the shape of an informer in a sly grog case, partly held at Buninyong police court yesterday. It appears that, after indulging in its freaks, the ghost repaired to a shanty kept by G. Caple for a drink, and yesterday the delinquent appeared before the court to answer a charge of selling liquor without a licence. The case was remanded. THE mining boards are getting alarmed at the disappearance of timber from the lands of the colony. At the last meeting of the Ararat mining board the following resolution was carried :—" That the board deem it advisable that action should be taken in order to reserve tracts of timber country, in the various divisions of the Ararat mining district, and to further such object the members of the Beaufort division be ^requested to visit in their own neighbourhood such suitable localities as they may deem fit, and to have power at the local land board to object to the alienation of such suitable reserves." " I NEVER saw" (writes one of our subscribing farmers) " the crops look better than they do at this present moment. There is every prospect of a big cheque from the miller, for though the priccB will probably from the abundance rule low, yet quantity will make up the farmer's ' little pile.' I hope the Shirs Council will push on our road to the railway. We shall want as many markets as we can reach with all the produce we shall have. You asked me my opinion of the weather. Well, it is unusual to have both frosts and hot winds in September, and we have had both during the last fortnight; but I suppose it is all right, for they have done no injury at present to the crops."—Coleraine Albion. WE recently noticed the rush that had taken place to peg out the Drysdale reserve. The occurrence gave rise to a public meeting, at which resolutions were passed urging the Minister of Lands not to allow the selections, and praying that, if he allowed them, the blocks should not exceed five acres in extent. A NUMBEB of persons owning small pieces of land at Baliarat, with a view of discovering ii there is any gold below the surface, have lately been busily engaged sinking shafts and thence carrying drives in any.direction they please. By these means many of the buildings and streets are becoming seriously endangered. The attention of the hon. the Minister of Mines was called to this.fact on Saturday last, and Mr. M'Lellan promised to make full inquiry into the matter, with a view of putting a stop to such proceedings, MB. CA&EBBCAD;, one of the members of the Geelong Hospital Committee, has been served with a writ at the instance of Dr. D. B. Reid. The damages are laid at £250. The cauBe of action arises from some remarks made by the defendant at a meeting of the hospital committee. The trial will take place at the next sitting of the County Court at Geelong. THE Australian shippers of butter for the English market will regret to know that Mr. Searles, of Geelong, recently insolvent, lost £458 11B. 7d. by one season's shipment of butter to London. This fact is attested in his sworn schedule of losses. A MEETING of the Geelong and WeBtern District Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Saturday afternoon last, at the office of the secretary, Mr. James Campbell. A paper on the production of sugar from beet root was read by Dr. Carstairs. It was decided to summon a public meeting, to assemble at the Town'Hall today, to consider what steps should be taken towards promoting the growth of the sugar beet, and the establishment of a sugar manufactory. It was further determined to offer prizes of £10, £6, and £4, for the best ten acres of beet cultivated in the district west of the Werribee. 