A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN EST SAN FRANCISCO. We have been favoured with the following interesting notes upon San Francisco, written by a gentleman who for many years was resident in South Australia, and who has recently paid a visit to California. He says:— I have been very much disappointed with San Francisco. It is certainly a larger town than Melbourne, and does more busi ness, as it has a large trade with Japan, China, the Sandwich Islands, Mexico, Peru, and Chili, but in its buildings, public and private, its streets and squares it cannot be compared even to Adelaide. There is not a stone-built house in the city, and I think I may say not a bit of carved stone. This is no place for masons to come to; ninety-nine out of every hundred of the houses are constructed of wood, painted so as to imitate stone, with plenty of artificial pillars and carving. Those built of brick are ornamented in front with any amount of mouldings and decorations in plaster. The ceilings and walls of every house I have been in are cracked in all directions from the lack of lime in the plaster. In fact, the term Jerry-built may well apply here. The rents, nevertheless, are something exorbi tant. They have forced up the prices of land and houses in and around the town, for ten miles, to a fabulous extent. A lot 50 feet to Post-street, by a depth of 110 feet, with nothing on it but a miserable wooden tenement of bare boards was sold last week for $50,000 in gold. Post-street is not yet one of the leading streets, but may be come a good place for business. In Portland, a town 300 miles away, with a population of 7,000, a lot of 50 by 120 feet was sold for $23,000. All the land for a few miles round the city consists of bare black bills that grow no trees and scarcely a blade of grass, only producing dust. Yet they are asking for this $1,000 an acre and upwards. In fact, nearly all the land for ten miles around is cut up into townships and lots of an eighth and a quarter of an acre, with multitudes of streets only to be seen on paper, as there is not a shanty or a pigsty on any of the embryo towns. For all that they are asking $400 and $500 a lot. Agricultural land,, further away, fetches from $25 to $100 an acre. All the land except in very remote districts has been bought up by capitalists, who are holding it for heavy prices. It is the general opinion that there will be a sharp fall in the value of property soon. The streets are paved principally with wedges of wood, shaped like bricks; a few with round waterworn stones the size of ostrich eggs. The side paths are formed of deal boards two inches thick. The streets are dilapidated with ruts and rents, and the footpaths fissured with big holes—rather dangerous to weak ancles. Moreover the footpaths are often filled with goods of all sorts piled up, and stationary, for days and weeks, with bales, casks, and boxes. Auctions are held in the streets, and furniture of all sorts, even horses and traps, are lined along and upon the foot paths while the auction is going on. If a shop requires alterations the joiner fixes his bench on the footpath in a crowded thoroughfare sometimes, and works away in the presence of the passing crowd. There seems to he no law or order. The sweeping of shops are thrown on the streets, and John Chinaman goes round with his balanced baskets picking up the rags and paper. There are no parks or Botanic Gardens. Ko place where a person can take a walk except the wooden streets. There are certainly two gardens, as their owners choose to call them, on the outskirts of the town, where the charge is 26 cents or Is. each person for the pleasure of walking in sand and dust, and looking at the ghosts of a few flowers which died the week after the rains ceased last May. You might as well take a walk in Wellington-square, Korth Adelaide. In fact this is the most disagreeable, dirty, lugubrious city I have ever been in; but then it has a climate which in spite of its fogs is a great improvement on the climate of Australia, and besides it is a great centre of trade. There is a number of manufactories here, such as foundries, sawmills, lucifer match making, chocolate, maccaroni, and flannel making places. I saw a beautiful sample of flannel sold at 25 cents a yard. This is the cheapest article in the shape of clothing. A boot and shoe manufactory 10 miles out of town, which gave employment to 80 Chinese, was burned down about three weeks ago. The Chinese are very numerous here, and take the work away from the white labourer. They have several little factories of their own, and make cigars, slippers, &c.; In fact business seems to be earned oil with more energy than m Australia. I made particular enquiries, and there are only 2,000,000 mulberry trees in California, and not 11,000,000, as was stated in an article that went the rounds of the Austra lian papers. One small silk-spinning and weaving mill has just been put up, and a small cotton-mill makes coarse muslins. There is a rope-walk or two. The grapes are dried, but the raisins are small and poor. The almonds are tasteless, and only one-half the size of Adelaide almonds ; yet they sell for 25 cents a pound. Their butter is much worse, and also^cheese, veal, and mutton; but the beef is about equal to Australian. Meat is 13 cents a pound all round. Groceries are dearer, but tea and coffee are bettor. Whatever they can make they use, and will not import, though the foreign article should be much superior. They are more patriotic than the Australians, and think that nothing is so good as their own, whilst Australians con sider that nothing colonial is good. I am convinced South Australia eoold vie with any part of the world in the production of dried fruits, raisins, plums, prunes, currants,- and many kinds of jams and preserves. The figs here scarcely ripen, and are the size of walnuts. I have been here ten weeks, and there has not been a drop of rain. Last summer has been unusually hot throughout the States. The drought has prevailed in many parts, and numbers have died of sun stroke. The tea plant here has proved a failure, and also the ramie or Chinese grass- cloth. - Little or no tobacco or hemp is grown, and only a little flax, solely for the seed. Acres of blackberries are planted, and the produce sold at 12 J cents a lb. They are preferred to raspberries. Castor oil trees are culti vated for the oil, and the fruit of the black mulberry is only half the size it attains in Adelaide. The fig, nectarine, and apricot are small, not to be compared with those of Australia; but the apples and pears are larger, and peaches are equally as large. Strawberries are grown and plucked as fruit every day from May till November. The farmers who grow wheat do nothing else as in Australia; in fact, do not even raise a vegetable. There are dairy farms, or ranches as they are called here ; also hog, sheep, cattle, and horse ranches ; everything separate—quite a division of labour. Grapes and oranges seem to equal the Australian. Neither here nor in Melbourne or Sydney are there olive trees and oleanders compar able to those grown in Adelaide. I think the Corporation ought to plant thousands of olives on the outside of the Park Lands. In the course of a few years attention will be given to the making of oil. Here they have begun tbat business already. The weed3 are the same as spring up about Adelaide and Melbourne — the bog-weed, the sow thistle, the rattail grass or barley grass, and the weed with the round yellow disc, with no rays for a flower, found in all the sides of watertables and watercourses; also the camomile, so plentiful about Melbourne. The native blackberry is very like the Aus tralian, and bears as little fruit. Small bushes of live oak are found in the neigh bourhood in some parts. The large forest trees are 20 or 30 miles from the town. I saw some majestic specimens on my way to San Jose, the old Mexican capital fifty miles south of San Francisco. The vegetables, like the Australian, are large, but tasteless; you can scarcely tell a carrot from a turnip. The potatoes are the worst I have tasted anywhere. The pump kins are small, and, like the Australian, nasty flavoured. Melons of all kinds are very common, and are served every morning at this season at breakfast. I have seen snails and frogs in the restaurants or eating houses here, and hundreds of small birds, the size of sparrows, plucked and ready for the fire in the markets. These are the best of Californian manu factures:— Blankets, flannels, and coarse cloths, tanned hides, coarse hoots and shoes, furniture, tubs and baskets, hemp rope, printing paper, straw paper, turpentine and resin, brooms, glue, coarse soap, coarse pottery, tin and copper ware, matches, blasting powder, shot, and lead pipes. Old iron is rolled again in rolling mills, here salt is crushed, sugar refined, coarse bottles and wire-rope made. One cotton mill makes coarse muslin. A silk wearer has begun work in the city; billiard tables are made, and there are planing mills and sash factories. I have just read in a commercial paper here that all the bags for wheat, &c.;, are made by women in Dundee and imported, although the duly is high. They cannot make them as cheaply here if sewn by the sewing machine. Nearly all the churches are built of wood —tower, steeple, and alL A Jews' Synagogue and two or three other places are constructed of brick. An immense number of small wind mills are employed to pump up water to irrigate the land. Hundreds are seen in every direction, not like the isolated few seen in Australia. This is the town of tobacco juice, broken cigars, and scraps of paper. The ladies do not wear long dresses; If they did they would soon be dyed with tobacco juice swept from the pavement. As for the cigars, there are enough scraps lying about to supply a Chinese manufactory. I rather suspect there are few cigars which have not been partially smoked before, some perhaps half a dozen times. It is well that people do not know what they smoke and chew. The export of wines to the Eastern States is this year double what it was last year, and the trade is increasing with rapid strides. No duty is paid in New York or Boston, and it goes round Cape Horn. Adelaide cannot send wine to Melbonrne without a charge of 2s. a gallon for duty. The sooner there is a federation of the colonies and free trade between them the better.. There are farms here of 20,000 to 50,000 acres all in wheat worked by machinery. This is how wheat-growing pays here. There is no duty on its impor tation into New York or Liverpool, and yet South Australian wheat has to pay in Mel bourne a duty of Is. a bushel. Babbits are very small, much smaller than the English, and about half the size of the wild rabbit of South Australia. Poultry do not thrive; they are poor and lean, and will not lay eggs, owing to the cold fogs throughout the summer acting as a pre ventive to insect life. I have seen no bees on the dowers in the bits of plots called gardens, and only one or two butterflies, small and reddish-brown. On one occasioo I saw two humming-birds hovering over the flowers of a fuchsia. If the country is silent in Aus tralia here there seems to prevail the stillness of death in the fields—no locusts or even grasshoppers to give a chirp. This town is supplied with eggs by rail from Chicago, a distance of 2,000 miles. 