THE AUSTRALASIAN WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE, 1871. First Day Thursday, January 19th. The seventeenth annual Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, began its sittings at ten o'clock yesterday morning, in the Melville-street Church. The following ministers, from other colonies, were present:-The Rev Messrs. Watsford (President of the Conference), Bickford, Thomas Williams, Dodgson, Wells, Dare, Cope, Blamires, and Fitcher, from Victoria ; Rev. Messrs. Hurst (Ex-President), Rabone (General Secretary of Missions), Walking, Grand, Chap man, Jabez Waterhouse, Ornm, Curnow, Martin, and Phillips, from New South Wales; Rev. Messrs. Binks, James, Patchell, and Goldsmith, from South Australia; Rev. J. Harding from Queensland; Rev. A. Reid, from New Zealand; Rev. J. Rooney, from Fiji; together with all the ministers in full connexion residing in this colony, except the Rev. A. Inglis, of Westbury, who was prevented by illness from being present. A few additional members of the Conference are expected to arrive to-day. The Conference was opened by singing the 478th hymn of the Wesleyan hymn book, beginning "And are we yet alive, And see each other's face ? " After which the Secretary read a Psalm, and the Revs. S. Rabone, and H. Gund engaged in prayer. The Conference was then addressed by the retiring President (the Rev. G. Hurst), who in a few earnest and appropriate sentences introduced the Rev. John Watsford, of Ballarat, as his successor, at the same time handing over to him a copy of the Word of God, the Conference Seal, and the Conference I Journal. Mr. 'Watsford, according to usage, had been nominated To his present office by the last [ Australasian Conference, and appointed by the British Conference of 1870. The now President then took the chair, and delivered the following address : " Mr. Ex-President and Brethren thank you for the very kind and cordial way in which you have received me to-day as President of this Conference. It assures me that, whilst I feel I am far from being all that your President should be, yet you will bear with and help me, and pray that God may bless and guide and sustain me in the high position in which you and the British Conference have placed me. I do not intend to try to make a long speech. We have so much to do, and so little time in which to do it, that it would ill become me to take up the time of the Conference by any lengthy address. But you will, I am sure, kindly allow me to give expression to the feelings of my heart on this occasion. I thank God for my connection with Methodism. I sincerely Cool it, when I say what has been often said, that I owe all I am and have, under God, to this Church. Converted at the age of eighteen under its ministry, I have for more than thirty-three years enjoyed its privileges, and have had the great honour of being one of its ministers for twenty-eight years. I mourn to-day over much unfaithfulness ; but I bless God that I am still numbered among his servants, and that I have not altogether laboured in vain. When I entered upon this work, I know there were many, things I could not be many things I could not do ; but I was fully convinced that I might be an earnest and successful preacher of the Gospel, and be instrumental in saving souls. I determined, God helping me, to aim at this, and I hope and believe that, in my humble way this has to some extent been accomplished. "I rejoice to say that my attachment to Methodism has grown with my years, and my love to our glorious Church and all connected with it is greater now than ever it was. I greatly love and respect its ministers. Whatever failings and infirmities they may have, I regard them as men of God, true servants of Jesus Christ, who make it the one great business of their lives to save souls. I esteem very highly in love for their works' sake those who are associated with us in the work of the church-our local preachers, our readers, our Sabbath- school teachers, our stewards, our tract distributors, our prayer leaders, a noble band of working men and women greatly honoured and blessed by God. I love our Methodist people, the thousands and tens of thousands who have tasted that the Lord is gracious, and are walking in the fear of the Lord, and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. " I thank God for our Methodist doctrine, our dear, well-defined system of theology. What some others regard as our fault and weakness, we all, I am sure, most heartily praise God for, a system of theology which we believe to be truly scriptural, from which we have no desire to depart; from which we cannot depart, and continue ministers of this Church and from which thank God, we have not departed. Whilst there have been chances all around us whilst the conflict of mind has been so great, and the failures so many, we have still held by the faith delivered unto us and neither because it has been fashionable, nor because it has been considered very intellectual, have we run after the errors i so popular in those days. I pray God that we may never be kept faithful. " I thank God for our Methodist discipline, and I would say with those who have preceded me, that I | rejoice that we are bull determined not to reckon or I regard any one as a member of this Church who i does not meet in thus with us. Whilst feeling sorry for the brother, I am thankful for what our fathers and brethren did at the last British Conference. Wo I have from the first contended for Christian com- a million, and we have it here. We believe that we I ought to know who and what they are who come to 1 the Lord's table and whilst other Churches have their plans and arrangements for knowing this we have ours, and we are prepared to abide by it. " I praise God that I have had any part in the great Missionary work, and I rejoice with you in the financial position of the Society last year. I hope it may be as good this year. Our Missionary Society is in many respects in a very critical portion just now, and it should have our sympathy and prayers. I believe we did right us a Conference in taking those Missions under our care, that all we do for the i missions not only does not hinder our home work, but greatly helps it, and I think we are greatly honoured and blessed by our connection with this noble institution. '* As at former Conferences, we miss to-day some of those who so earnestly laboured amongst us, and so greatly helped to all our deliberations. They have finished their work and entered into their rest. And our work-, brethren, will soon be ended. May we do it well ! And when the end comes, may we enter into the Master's joy! " l am sure that I may say that we all deeply feel how heavy has been the blow that had. fallen upon the cause of education in general, and Methodist education in particular, by the lamented death of Dr. Corrigan, and that we very sincerely sympathise with brother Waugh and all connected with Wesley College in this sad bereavement. And now, brethren, I pray God that we may have a good Conference. Let us consecrate our selves to God, and earnestly pray for the baptism of the Spirit. Let us do the work on brethren, and as servants of Jesus Christ. And as it is very desirable that we have a short Conference, let us do the business with all the dispatch consistent with its importance 9 and may God Hobs us." The next business was the election of a secretary. The Rev. B. Chapman was re- elected. The Revs. J. Waterhouse and N. Bennett were appointed assistant-secretary. Leave of absence was granted to the following chairmen of districts who were unable to attend : The Revs. J. S. Waugh, T. Ruddle, and J. Buller. Votes of thanks, which were duly ncbnowlndgod were unanimously presented to the retiring President, and the Secretary, for their services during the past year. The reply of the British Conference of 1879 to the address of the last Australasian Conference was read and received, and arrangements made for the preparation of the address to the British Conference for this year. The following ministers were received into full connection with the Conference The Rev. M. Maddern, J. W. Brown, G. H. Holmes, J. A. Waddell. At this stage of the business the Conference adjourned, and the doors were thrown open at noon for the public Conference prayer meeting. A considerable number of worshippers! assembled in the body of the church, and various ministers led the devotions of the congregation. Prayer was especially offered for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit, the success of the work of God more particularly amongst the young, the blessing of God upon the deliberations of the Conference, and the restoration of peace in Europe. At the afternoon session, after singing and prayer, the reception of ministers into full connection with the Conference was resumed. The following mines passed the Conference Revs. E. Taylor, R. Moore, W. Weston, E. J. Bickford, H Catford, T. E. Ick, M. A., C. Lancaster, J. Hallum, W. Oliver, Osborne, and A. J. Webb. 2 The resignation of two preachers on trial was accepted. The Chairman of Districts reported the names of forty-four others who still remain on trial, as with one or two exceptions, not having yet completed their term of probation. The question next came under consideration, " What preachers are now received on trial P" The names of eleven candidates were approved of, and others will be considered to-day, The last few minutes of the afternoon session were occupied with miscellaneous business. The Ex-President, with Messrs. Cope, Wells, and | Goldsmith, were appointed a sub-committee to in l investigate the state of the Education Fund, and to bring up a report to the Conference. The Chairman and representatives of the various districts were appointed a sub-Committee to consider and report on matters relating to the Sunday Schools of the Wesleyan Church. Notice of motion was given by the ex-president with reference to the mode of electing district representatives to the Conference. The Conference adjourned a few minutes after 6 p.m. The Rev. Mr. Wells, Superintendent minister of the Sinn Hurst circuit, preached to a numerous audience in the evening, basing his remarks on incidents in the life of Jacob. The time for the excursion to New Norfolk is fixed for Wednesday, February lit, when the Monarch drill I have the wharf at nine in its midst. 