THEATRE ROYAL. Mrs Gladstone's benefit last night was signalised by the best house of all the season. Every part of the house was full, and the reception of the bentficiairc was clearly indicative of the hold she has of the playgoing public here. “ Mary Stuart, the Catholic Queen,” was the play, audit was well selected for the benefit night, as it is one in which Mrs Gladstone appears to excellent advantage. What boots it if the play, like that of “ the Protestant Queen," be a “hash?" There is enough of historic fact about both to make them lay hold upon the sympathies of the auditor,, so long as the principal character is in such capable hands as those of Mrs Gladstane. Her Mary is so full of good acting that it must always be a success. We have seldom seen a more hushed audience than last night’s during the scenes of the long farewells, the confession, and the last dread procession in the con cluding act. As we looked and listened we found it hard to think it true that impious hypocrisy, the finest acting, consummate deceit, in sooth, as some historians aver, were all exhibited by the real Mary, even in her last moments. Yet history still holds some ugly docupients from those days, and throws some qualify ing shadows upon the glitter and the glory of the romantic Mary. Mrs Gladstane portrays for us a very real and earnest woman, queenly both in her beauty and her pride, devotional before her confessor, reso lute when insulted, melting when with those she loves, fierce when goaded to revenge. The auditor is moved to sympathy in each phase of passion, and all history of the critical or judicial sort vanishes before the last sad picture on the- stage. , As the anachronismal, but soul-searching strains of Handel’s “Dead March” steal upon the ear while Maiy walks slowly to the scaffold where the masked headsman awaits his prey, sentiment vanquishes all else in the mind of the sus ceptible, and Elizabeth is decreed a very harridan and Mary a martyr. History may protest, but it is not listened to so long as so beautiful and graceful and elegantly attired a Mary plays so moving a part upon the stage. Mrs Gladstane was called before the cur tain at the close of each act, and was greeted enthusiastically. The drama was cast as before, and went very smoothly. The afterpiece was “ Stage in which Mrs Gladstane appeared as Sally Scraggs, -supported by Miss Reeves as Lady Scraggs, Mrs M'Gowan as Popplin, Mr Dunn as Tom Tape, Mr Reeves as Count Glorieux, Mr Martin as Milton, and Mr Cicsar as Captain Dorrington. The piece was merrily thrown off, and Mrs Gladstane showed that she could be as well at home in the lighter as in the heavier business of the stage. Alto gether it was a very amusing affair, and made a right pleasant ending to the evening’s entertainment.. This evening Mrs Gladstane will appear as Lady Audley, in “Audley Court,” one of the modem and sensa tional dramas. The full company will support; and in one of the afterpieces, “ A Ghost in Spite of/Him self,” Mr Harry Stanley will appear, the performances this evening being for that gentleman’s benefit, and the last night of his management. ‘ 