LITERATURE. g r i f. A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. . VOLUME I. Chapter V.— The Moral Merchant Enter tains His Friends at Dinner. On the same evening, and nt about the same hour, of the occurrence of the foregoing matri monial dialogue, Mr. Zachariah Blemish enter tained his friends at dinner. Mr. Zachariah Blemish was a merchant and a philanthropist 5 be was a1 so a gentleman of an imposing mien, and of a portly appearance. Some of his detractors (and what man lives who has them not F) said that the manly bosom which throbbed to the beats of his patriotic heart was filled with as earthly desires as other earthly flesh. If this as sertion, which waB generally made spitefully and vindictively, was the worst that could be said against him, Zachariah Blemish could look the world in the face without blushing. True or un true, he did look, unmoved, in the world's face, and if either felt abashed in the presence of the other, it was the world, and not Blemish. There was a self-assertion in bis manner when he ap peared in public, which, if it could have been set down in eo many words, would have thus expressed iteelf : — " Here am I, _ sent, among you for your good j make much of me. You are frail, I am strong ; you are mean, I am noble. But do not be abashed. Do not be afraid of your own un worthi ness. I do not wish to Hold myself above you. I will eat with you, and talk with jou, and sleep with you, .as if I were one of yourselves. It is not my fault that I superior to you. Perhaps, if you look up to me, you may one day reach my level. It would be much to accomplish, but you have my best wishes. I am here to do you good, and I hope I may." As he walked along the streets, people fell aside and made way fer him, deferentially. They looked after him, and pointed him out to strangers as the Great Mr. Blemish ; and it was told of one family that, when the children were pat to bed at night, they were taught to say, " God bless papa and mamma, and Good Mr. Blemish." His snowy shirt-front, viewed frohi a distance, was a sight to look upon, and, upon a nearer acquain tance, dazzled one with its pure whiteness. At church he was the moBt devout of men, and the congregation wondered how so much greatness and so much meekness could be found in the breast of any one human being. There was not a crease in his face ; it was fat, and smooth, and ruddy ; it looked like the blessed face of a large cherubim ; and it said as plainly as face could say, " Here dwell content, and peace, and pros perity, and benevolence." He was Chairman of the United Band of Tem perance Aboriginals ; President of the Moral Boot- blacking Boys' Reformatory ; Perpetual Grand Master of the Society for the Total Sup pression of Vice ; the highest dignitary in the Association of Universal Philanthropists ; and a leading member of the Fellowship of Murray Cods. He subscribed to all the charities ; with a con descending humility he allowed his name to appear regularly upon all committees for religious and benevolent purpose, and would himself go round with lists to collect subscriptions. In this direction his power was enormous. Such a thing as a refusal was not thought of.. People wrote their names upon his list, in the firm belief that twenty shillings invested in benevolence with Zachariah Blemish returned a much larger rate of interest then if invested with any other col lector. Once, and once ody, was he known to be unsuccessful. He asked a mechanic for a sub scription to the funds of the United Band of Temperance Aboriginals, and the man refused him, in somewhat rough terms, saying that the United Band of Temperance Aboriginals was a Band of Humbugs. Blemish gazed mildly at the man, and turned away without a word. The fol lowing day he displayed an anonymous letter, in which the writer, signing himself "Repentant," enclosed one pound three shillings and sixpence as 1 he contribution of a working man (being his last week's savings) towards the funds of theUnited Baud of Temperance Aboriginals, and a fervent wish was expressed in the letter that the Band would meet with the success it deserved. There was no donbt that it was the mechanic who sent it, and that it was the magnetic goodness of the Moral Merchant that had softened his heart. At the next meeting of the United Band of Temper ance Aboriginals (which vrki attended by a greasy Australian native clothed in a dirty blauket, and ! smelling strongly of rum) a resolution v u paesed, authorizing the purchase of a gilt frame j for the mechanic's letter, to perpetuate the I goodness of Blemish, and the moral power of his ye. On the present evening he was seated at the be»d of hie table, round whioh ware ranged eome dozen gueste of undoubted respectability. He was supported on his right by a member of the Upper House of Parliament j he wae supported on his left by a member of the Lower House of ditto. One of the leading members of the Government was talking oracularly to one of the leading merchants of the city. One of the leading lawyers was laying down the law to one of the leading physicians, jjnd only thironhafrsoff ' was Mr. David Dibbptin|k i common mortal. Like a"hommo|aorail;';':.Tjike the commonest of common mortals l might : havebeen aifoklayer fqrjiHj difference 6blervabi«t " For\b£$j>bled his fooj&did; Mr.'. DDibbSf .end he slobbered Hie soup did Mr. Darift Dibbe, and his chope were greasy, and hie hands were not nice-looking, and, altogether, he dijd not present an agreeable appearance. But 1 was he not the possessor of half-a-dozen cattle and sheep-stations, each with scores of miles of water frontage, and was not his income thirty thousand pounds a year P Oh, golden calf ! nestle in my bosom, and throw your glittering veil over my ignorance, and meanness, and stupidity — give me thirty thousand pounds a-year, that people may fall down and worship me! The other guests were not a whit less respect able. Each of them, in his own particular person, represented wealth or position. Could it ' for a single moment be imagined that the guests of Mr. Zachariah Blemish were selected for the purpose of throwing a halo of respectability round the person of their host, and that they were one and all administering to and serving his interest ? If so, the gnestB ' were unconscious of it ; but it might not have been leBs a fact that he made them all return, in one shape or another, good interest for the hospitality he bo freely lavished upon them. This evening he was giving a dinner party to his male friends ; and later iu the night Mrs. Zacha riah Blemish would receive her guests and enter tain them. The gentlemen are over their wine, and are con versing freely. Politics, scandal, the state of the colony, and many other subjects, are discussed with animation. Sometimes the conversation is general, then it breaks up into sections, and oc casionally, it grows personal. Just now, politics is the theme. The member of the Lower House and the member of the Upper House are the principal speakers here. But, occasionally, others say a word or two, which utterings are regarded by the two members as unwarrantable inter ruptions. The member of the Government says v.ry little on politics, and generally maintains a cautious reticence. " £ should like to have been in the House last night," said one of the conversational interlopers ; " that was a smart thing Ritchie said." " What was it ?>r asked another. "Speaking ofBeazley, who is awfully rich you know, and an incorrigible miser, he said, He con gratulated himself upon not belonging to a party who had, in one of its principal supporters, a man whose office was his church, whose desk wae his pulpit, whose ledger was his Bible, and whose money was his god." " Very clever, but very savage," remarked one ef the guests. " I do not believe in such unbridled licence of debate." "I met Beazley the other day, and he complained that the times were dreadfully dull. He did not know - what things were coming to. He had seventy thousand pounds lying idle, he said, and he could not get more than four per cent, for it. He shook his head and said, ' The golden days of the colony are gone!' n " And so they are," said the member of the Lower House, whose proclivities were republican, ' and they will not return until we have Separation, and Confederation. That's what we want to set us going — separation from the home country, and a confederation of the South Sea colonies. We don't want- our most important matters settled for us in the red-tape office over the water. We don't want our Governors appointed for us ; we want to select them ourselves from the men who have grown np with us, and whose careers render them worthy and prove them fit for the dis tinction. If we were in any serious trouble we should have to extricate ourselves as best we could, and if we did have help from the home country, shouldn't we have to pay the piper F That's the point — shouldn't we have to pay the piper ?" "Nay, nay," expostulated Mr. Zachariah Blem ish, whose attention bad been attracted to the last part of the harangue, and who did not approve of it. " Consider for a moment, I beg — we are all loyal subjects, I hope " " I maintain," said the member of the Lower House, excited by his theme, " that, notwith standing our layalty to the reigning Sovereign, the day must come when we shall not be de pendent upon the caprices of a colonial office fourteen thousand miles distant, which very often does not understand the nature of the difficulty it has to legislate upon. I maintain that the day muBtcome " " Gentlemen," call Mr. Zachariah Blemish, horrified at the utterance of such sentiments oyer his dinner table, " gentlemen, I give yon. the Queen ! God bless her !" "The Queen ! God bless her!" responded all the guests, rising to their fret, and drinkiqg the toast enthusiastically. And then the conversation took another turn. Presently, all ears were turned to the leading physician, who was relating a cir cumstance to the leading lawyer. " It is a curious story," he said. " The man I speak of was always reported to be very wealthy. No one knows more of his early career than that, when the gold-diggings w/ere first discovered, he was a Cheap- J ack, as they call them, trading at all the new gold-fields. He bought tents, picks, shovels, tubs/ anything, from the diggers,1 who were madly running from one place to another. He bought them for a song, for the diggers could not carry those things about with them, and they were glad to get rid of them at any price. When he sold them he made enormous profits, and by these means he was supposed to have amassed a great fortune. Then he speculated largely in sheep and cattle, and grew to be looked upon as a sort of bankbri Many mendeposited their savings with him, and, as he did not pay any interest for the money, and traded with it, there is no doubt as to the profitable nature of his operations. . The great peculiarity about him was that his face, from beneath his eyes, was completely hidden iu bushy, brown, curly hair. He bad been heard to say that he had never shaved. Well, one night, at past eleven o'clock, he knocked up a storekeeper at > he diggings, and bought a razor and strop, a pair of scissors, a pair of moleskin trowsers, a pair of watertight boots, end a blue serge shirt. Iu tbe course of conversation, with the storekeeper,, and while he was selecting the artioles, he said that they were for a man whom he had engaged as a shepherd and who was to start at day break the following morning. That was the last indisput able ooourzenoe that ras knowh in connection with Mm ; tbe next day he disappeared and was not heard of again. For a day or two, no notice was taken of Mb absence ; but, after that, de positors aud others grew uneasy, and rumour invented . a 'hundred different stories about him. A detective jwfcp knew hfin intimately, said that he was standing at the pit entrance of the Theatre Royal in Bourke street, when a man passed ratti® glitter of whose eyes attracted the deteejgjjjM, attention strangely. He could not recall the mggTf ; face, which was clean shaven, and hip tbougbo i more about it at the time. The nuitiwg : manjggg#; traced to Melbourne, but no further. So? or lour weeks after his disappranop, the boc® ?M . a drowned f person was found in a river m South Wales, and, from certain marks about . was supposed to be that of our miMmgeUd. Jie inqueBt was adjourned, to allow time for the pro duction of evidence from Victoria, and twelve medical men, all of wbem knew the missing party, were subpoenaed for the purpose of identifying mm, or otherwise. The body was much decomposed, but some of the witnesses said that they would know if it were the missing man by the peculiar shape ef nnfl of Ms toes. The singularity of the affair pes in this. Six of the witnesses swore that it was the wiiraingnriftn,and fiix of fcheOlSWOre tliat it W38 . not. Both sides were very positive. Some months after the inquest, a story was current that he had been seen at Texas, which etory was shortly afterwards followed up by another j -that -he was shot in a tavern . in South America. Then came other reports that he was living in great magnificence in all sorts of out-of-the- way places. But whether he is alive or not, no one in the colony knows, and to this day the mystery is not cleared up, and probably never will be." " And the depositors' money ?" asked the lawyer. " Was never heard of. Vanished. If he was drowned, he did not like to part with it, and he. took it into the other world with him." Everybody at the table was much interested in the story, and commented upon it ; after which there was a lull in the conversation. " I have a great surprise in store for you to night," said Mr. Blemish, addressing a gentle man of about sixty years ef age, whose face was covered with iron-grey whiskers, beard, and moustache. From some unexplained cause, the gentleman addressed looked suddenly and excitedly into the face of his host, and exclaimed, in a quick, nervous voice — " A surprise !" " Yes, and I hope a pleasant one." _ " What surprise ?" he asked , in the same agitated manner. " Nay," returned Mr. Blemish, gently, " it will not be a surprise if I tell you beforehand." The flash that had risen to that portion of the gentleman's face which the iron-grey whiskers, beard, and moustache allowed to be seen, slowly died away, and was replaced by a whitish-grey tint, which almost made him look like the ghost of «n antiqiifl warrior. He debated within Mmself for a few moments, and then, taking out Ms pocket-book, wrote upon a leaf, "I shall take it as a particular favpur if you will let me know what is the surprise you have in -store for me 5 I- have urgent reasons for asking and passed it, folded, to his host. Mr. Blemish read it, smiled, and wrote beneath, : in reply, " Do you remember your brother ?" and. repassed the paper to his guest. " Brother !" exclaimed that gentleman, in a voice betokening that, although he was con siderably astonished, he was also considerably re lieved. All the guests turned their faces simultaneously towards tbe Bpeaker, with the exception of one yoang gentleman, who wore Dundreary wMskers and whose hair waB scrupulously parted in ;ihe middle. This young gentleman, whose name was Tuffett, and who was Something in the Civil' Service, langnidly turned his head, as if the machineiy within was weak, and required gentle treatment, and languidly ejaculated, " Ber- wer-other !" as if it was a word of four syl lables. "Yes," said Mr. Blemish, "your brother Ni cholas." "Good heavens!" exolaimed Mr. Matthew Nuttall ; and the rest of the guests stared harder than ever. Excepting Mr. David Dibbs, who was not disposed to be too long diverted from the serious occupation of eating and -drinking. For Mr. David Dibbs lived to eat j he did not eat to live. It «a shock to a man to be wrenohed, without forewarning, from the groove in which his life has been gliding for twenty rears. For fully that time Mr. Matthew Nuttall, engrossed in his own pursuits and his own cares, bad never ©nee thought of his brother ; and now, at the very mention of his name, memories, long buried and forgotten, floated upon Ms mind like the sadden rising of a ghostly tide. " Have you seen Mm ?" be asked. " No," said Mr. Zachariah Blemish; "I learned by accident that he has but lately arrived iu the colony. Singularly enough, he had a letter of introduction to me from some of xny people at home, and Mrs. Blemish, out of respect to you, invited bim this evening to meet you." " Mrs. Blemish iB always kind. I shall be very glad to see Nicholas," said Mr. Matthew Nuttall, slowly and thoughtfully ; and then the conver sation became more general " Sheep are rising in the market, are they not, Mr. Dibbs F" asked the member of the Upper House. " It's time they was," replied the great squatter, Ms mouth full of pine-apple. " The people are complaining loudly of the price of beef," observed the democratic member .of the Lower House. " They're always a-growlin'," said Mr. David Dibbs, who, having swallowed Ms pine-apple, was enabled to speak with greater clearness. " They don't know what they want, don't the people. Beef ought to be double the price. My motto all'sB has been, ' Live and let live.' They lay the blame on us squatters, but it's the butohers as sticks it on." " It lies between the two of you, I suppose. Did you read in the papers that Mr. Froth said at theEastern Market last night that the squatters were the ruin of the colony ?" asked the member of the Lower House, who, in virtue of his position, did all he could to , make Mmself dis agreeable. " Mr. Froth wants his head punched," said Mr. Dibbs, elegantly, " and I wouldn't mind a-doiu' of it for him. Why doesn't he stick to bis - business ?" He's a ignorant, lazy — a — a Here Mr. Dibbs wanted a word, and could not get it. " Demagogue," suggested one of the guests. "jThat's it. He's a ignorant, lazy demagogue, and is always frying to stir up the mob." ' The fact of it is, sir," said the member of the Upper House, seizing the opportunity to give a blow to democracy, " the people, as you pall them, are a discontented set. Manhood suffrage mas done it all. No man ought to have a vote who has not a property qualification." " Quite right, sir," said Mr. Dibbs. M A glass of wine " With pleasure. For, sir, what is the result ?" (This oracii&rjgr;, as if he were addressing the House.) "ppM mensir, who h»v® 110 Pr0 pert Ma vote,Mra with thdtofSt hare wdo F Wheh#iey himrai property, letpem spettjuntil thegpftb. them: be sileat, anil not interfwe#withv whatdotenot concern thenL" « Them's my sentiments, nodded Mr. Dibbs, approvingly, helping himself to more wine and pine-apple. " To what, sir, is this state of things to be at tributed ?" continued the orator " The answer is plain. It iB to be attributed to the unfortunate state of independence in wMch the working-man finds Mmself in these colonies. The working- classes all over the worfd, sir, are democratic, often dangerously democratic. But in such a country as England they are kept in their proper position bya 8enser.of _ depen d en ce. They cannot afford to- quarrel with their bread-and-butter there. But, sir, when the working-man lands upon these shores, this spirit of dependence vanishes. Speak ing vulgarly, sir, be says within Mmself, ' Jack's as good as his master;' and acting up to the spirit of that old adage (the author of it, Bir, ought to have been put into the pillory) — acting, 1 say again, sir, up to the spirit of that adage, he aims a blow at the interests of all of us who have property in the colony. He does not pay property the respect to which it is entitled. He becomes de mocratic to a dangerous degree, and has no regard for conservative interests. This must be put a stop to, sir. It is incumbent upon ub, who are loyal subjects, to put a stop to it — as loyal sub jects, I say, sir, for we all know what is the meaning of democracy, it behoves all of ub who have settled interests in the colony to look sharply about us. We must, if necessary, band together for the protection of our own interests ; and, above all, sir, we most stick to the Constitu tion." " Quite right again, sir," 'assented Mr. Dibbs, whose only idea of the Constitution was thirty thousand pounds a-year for himself. All the guests, with the exception of the member of the Lower Houbo, agreed to the pro position that they must stick to the Constitution. The way that poor word was tossed about, and flung across the table and back again, was de plorable. It was settled that the Constitution was in danger, and, at all hazards, must be pro tected. No one could define precisely the nature of the danger. It appeared, as far as could be gathered, to resolve itself into this— that times were very dull, and that, therefore, the Constitu tion was imperilled. " Haw— haw — I have — haw — observed," said the SometMng in the Civil Setvice, "that the — haw — sperwiwit — haw— of innovation is — haw — I may say, going it. There — haw — haw — is a dif ficulty — haw— in telling the— haw — back of a — haw — gentleman from the — haw — back of a ter- wer-adesman." Although none of the guests replied to this observation, all, with the exception of one, ap peared to think that something was very wrong - somewhere, and that the country was in al most distressing condition. Mr. Zachariah Blemish was the only person at the table who ventured to remark that ' We are young, gentlemen, we are young, and have plenty of time before us for im provement In all new colonies evils are sore to creep in We have a fine estate in our hands, gentlemen ; one of the finest estates in tbe world ;. and all it wants is proper management. Cer tainly the state of commercial morality is very bad- — " Ah, here was a theme ! Commercial morality ! The guests grew eloquent upon it. The membfer of the Upper House said it was deplorable ; the member of the Lower House said it was disgrace ful ; the leading physician said it was frightful the leading lawyer said it was unparalleled ; Mr. Dibbs said it was beastly ; and they raised their hands and their eyes, and shook their he&ds; as much as to say, " Is it not dreadful that we, who. are immaculate, who are undefiled, should live in &e; midst of each a state of things, without being able to remedy tbe evil ?" But the most impres sive of all was Mj. Zachariah Blemish ; and, as a merchant of the highest standing, Ms words were listened to with deep attention. - - Commercial morality (he said) was at its lowest ebb. The epirit of over-speculation among traders was something frightful to contemplate, and dis astrous results were sure to follow. Indeed, in dications of the approaching crisis were already observable in tbe records of the Insolvency Court. It was all occasioned by the easiness with which men got credit — men who commenced with nothing, who had nothing, with the exception of self-assurance, aed who speculated recklessly, with the knowledge that when the . crash came — and come it must, sooner or later, with such- like speculators — their creditors would only be too glad to take five shillings in the pound ; would fed delighted at seven shillings and sixpenoe; would congratulate themselves at ten shillings ; and then, after giving a full release, would actually do business again, upon terms, with the very man who had robbed them. Where was hone=ty ? Where was morality P What would become of vested interests if that sort of tMng were to con tinue ? Steps must be taken — it behoved all of them to take steps. A check must be put to tbe spirit of reckless speculation, and he Mmself had some idea of initiating a movement in furtherance of the desired result. All that wae required was that merchants should be true to themselves and to their own interest, and the oountry would soon recover from its present depressed con dition. And after the utteranoe of these platitudes, Mr. Zachariah Blemish stuck his thumbs in his waist coat pookets, and looked round upon his guested who, one and all, bowed down to the spirit of hononr iuid integrity shining in the lape 6f their merchant host! (to be cazrxnroxD.) Making Light of It.— The following corre spondence is said to have taken place between »' merchant and one of his clients Sir, your ao- count has been standing for two years; I must have it settled imipediately." Answer : " Sir, things usually do settle by standing 5 I regret that myaoeouht is an exception. Hit has betel stand ing too leng, suppose you let it ron a little" 