PICKINGSFROMMELBOURNEPUNOII. THE LAND OF THE OLIVE AND Fid. Yes! Uurfy, the chieftain, hath spokeu, In words that some people think big— ' In future this country shall be The land of the olive and fin.' Fjg-aro high, b'g-aro low, Fig-aro come, hg-aro go, Figaro, fifjaro, fig. Skilled labour from over the ocean Shall teach us to train and to dig ; And in a few years we shall gather The fruits of Ibe olive and tig. Chorus— .Fig-aro here, tig-aro there, Sec. . Every man in this glorious land (If dear Dufl'y runs but his rig) In time will be able to chew His own olive under his fig. CAon«-Fig-aio here, fig-aro there, &c.; Then a fig for those who are doubter— Dully isn t the man to talk big— Hi3 motto's ' Let live and olive' In the laud of the olive and fig. Chorus— Fig-aro here, fig-aro there, &c.; STRANGE EVENTS. The lady famed for her graceful carriage lately lost her off hind wheel. The man who tried to shoot folly as she flies has been transported for poaching (on other men's ideas). The M.P. who pledged himself has lost the ticket, and cannot get out of pawn. A careless fellow threw out a hint the other day, and struck a pasEer-by in his eye. A wit seriously injured himself this uioruhtx with one of his own pointed jokes. A good-natured chap exerted his influence fid much last election that it got very severely sprained. Two poor fellows who plunged into dissipation were almost instantly drowned. The vain person who was blinded by self-conqeit is now in the Eye Infirmary. aii uiiucrgruuuaic wnu waa piuiitcu last exaull* nation is open to buy a few bags of feathers. The subject that was broached on Tuesday will feel obliged for the earrings to match. The individual who used the fork of the road for his bootjack lias hung up his hat on the North Pole. The chap who tried to shave himself with an inky-razor (ink-erazer) has smudged his face all over with black. GOOD NEWS FOR THE DEFAULTERS. Surely Dully comes from the land of promise. It must be a mistake his hailing from Ireland, aui yet the following is a genuine bull. He promises to amend the Electoral tiight by placing ratepayer s on the roll whether they pay or not. How a man who does not pay his rates can be a ratepayer i3 a secret known only to the Dully Cabinet. ODDS AND ENDS. A horse of sixteen hands has no fingers The Thirty-nine Ai tides are never ticketed for Bale. In consequence of the fiery temper of some Irish* men, the country is called I-burn-ycr, There is no dog called a sun-setter. A doctot of music should be able to restore the tone of a piano by giviuz tone- ics. If Smith asks Jones for half a cup ol tea, Jones need net break the cup in two. Subter ranean coflee is not nice, it cannot be good undec around . lirewers do a great many things by half and-half. Pawnbjokeis make money, although they lend it on their own counters. JMuBhrooma are very important edibles, everybody is acquainted with their sauce. The late Government could nob but have expected attacks, when they tried to impose one. Wanted.— Wax to seal somebody's doom, Th& implement that raises a siege. The height of a man above mediocrity. The materials of which the man made the remark. A boot for a foot-note. The front parlour of /tomc-opathy ; and the door of the room for improvement. Kot Good Things.— Wreckless trading in a partner-ship. Going to sea in a sunken vessel. Sending cargo in the bark of a dog. Purchasing the scissors of a ship's cutter. Sending home the mail in a potato-steamer. Trimming the jacket' of a man-of-war. Dining off armour-plates. Living on an auxiliary sciew. vv anted.— opectacies ior tnemmdseye. liar ness for green bays. French polish for a Jury panel. The messuage that the auctioneer sent by telegraph. Coronets of the lords of creation; ana the bail used with tittlebats. KECirES.— How to get a garden in a few seconds —Turn your goat into one. How to produce boot* —Plant a boot-tree in your garden. How to keep your cattle safely— Keep them iu the folds of your coat. A Lowe Ac hon.— Women and girls are not the best pleased with Robert Lowe, that states man having endeavoured to ruin the match trade. So much for his cupid-ity. Positives and Compabative3.-A 'mate is a companion, but mamma is mater. Beet is a vege table, but a Greek B is beta. Sandridge is a port, bottled stout is porter. Malt comes from barley, but an island is Malta. A flat fish is a sole, but the fcun is solar. A cauvaB dwelling is a tent, but a hook is tenter. A run' is for cold weather, but a me is rougher. A Knock at the door is a rap, but a ahawl is a wrapper, Part of a bridle is a bit, but quinine is bitter. Anne is a nice girl, but tbe member for the Murray is Hanna. Brandy neat la straight, but a layer of clay is strata. Wheat is seed, but our table is cedar. Yesterday is past, but grass is pastuio. A pool is a pond, but to think is ponder. Mahket News.— Borne partners in a dance have changed hands. Brandy looks dull, aui only one parcel has been cleared. Sacks are not in favour, although several discharges have taken place. Nails have been disposed of under the hammer, but there is a decline in screws. Gun powder will not co on'. A great heaviness hag been observed iu shot. Drugs are quiet, but leeches are active. Salt butter is low, bub fresh is more respectable. Bacon has been quoted once or twice during the week. Itice, dressed, has maintained its pi ice, but whether boiled or baked is not stated. Tongues are quiet. Barrett's tobaccos have had a twist. Old torn has been run after and caught up. Useless Lauouk.— Going to a pawnbroker's to pop the question. A healthy man laying up for a rainy day. Curing diseased meat. Prosecuting a man for taking an emetic. Pumping a dry indi vidual, and drying a wet nurse. Finding the native place of a man born(e) on the wings of tope. Lancing blue gums, and totting up tho ' columns of the Public Library. Unfelinf.— If a cat spoke low, what would lit be?— Awhis-puir. UIGHT 'Uks. — Teetotal intemperance, beinfc watertight. Atmospheric drunkenness, being air tight. Loose clothing, tight tits. Pleasant in ebriates, the happy-tight. . Hew P.EADiso.-'He jests at (s)cara11 who ride* in omnibuses. Pbize Essay.— The Vice-Chancellor of the University oflera a prize of twenty guineas for the best esKiy on the death of Ctesar. To enable students to compete for the prize, we beg to Rive the following information with regard to C:esar:— be was an unregistered dog, and the seizsr of poor LVsar was a cruel Corporation official. The do& was condemned to death, and wa3 immersed in a tenk of water, a heavy stone being tied to bis un foitunate neck. Thus died O3ar ; and now for the etsays. The White TBRF.-An ink plant has been discovered, and an inkling of the matter is given in the newspapers. Curiously enough, it is not found in Pen-sylvania, Penzance, orPennicuik; nor doea lnkermann appear to bave anything to do with it. Con. by an In-spectee. - What two people marrying will raise a ghost .'-Fan-Tom. MISCELLANEOUS. The only good sort of ' gent'-The intelu-rtn/. A kind and considerate act-A constable tiUnng up a bill for you. A ' blunt'* ercuse-rve got no money. The girls' Band of Hope-The husband. One who lives within his means-Au oyster. New Book-' My Enemy's Daughter.' by Do Foe A'dronkard'«epiUph-'7/«c'Ja^. Which is the jumping pait ot Leap lew-™ spring. 