BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. On Friday evening, February 25, a fellowship meeting was held in Young-street Chapel. This service is usually one of great profit, and is anticipated with considerable interest. The Ministers and Delegates composing the Distric meeting related their Christian experience. Oi the following day the sittings were oontinued. The former part of the day was spent in a close enquiry into the financial position of the Di? trice During the afternoon the Stationing Committee sat to prepare a list of appoint, ments to bring before the meeting for its ap provaL On Sunday services were held in the Young street Chapel. The Bey. O. Lake preached in the morning. He selected for his text the words contained in the 18th, 19th, and 20th verses of the 28th chapter of Matthew—'.'And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, all pewer is given unto Me in heaven and in earth. Oo ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you to do. lam with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen." And went on to say— This meeting was the fulfilment of an appoint ment our Lord had made with his Apostles be fore His passion. What strange events crowded between that appointment and the morning of fulfilment between the Mount of Olives and tho Mount in Galiilee. The wickedness of betrayal, the oowardioe of desertion and denial, the accu mulated horrors of Calvary, the rumored resur rection, what a tumult of feeling all this would beget in the minds of those men as they moved up that slope to keep their tryst with their Lord. AndthereHewaitsforthem. Butlikemany companies who now go out to meet Him, "while they worshipped some doubted." In the nearer view, when He came olose to them, in the change that had come over Him since they looked on Him last, in the regal words He spoke there would be little room left for doubt, and soon no cloud of unbelief would darken the noonday of repose and rapture to which He was leading back their weary and bleeding hearts. I. The charge these words contain invite our attention. The startling thing on the surface of this subject is that such a charge should be < given by such a Person to such men. The wounds of that truceless conflict through which He had just passed are still fresh upon -Him. These 11 men are poor and un lettered. The message is sure to enoounter the leagued opposition of earth and hell. Tet no thought of failure strikes the mind of Christ —there is no suspicion of unfitness in the in strumentality, "Go, disciple, teach all na tions ; all power is given unto me. I am with you alway, even unto the end." These are the words of One who has measured all the difficulties of the world's regeneration, and who sees at' the end of ages' the new earth in which dwelleth righteousness. The charge was very simple as to the work it oalled the dis ciples to do ; they had a rite to administer, and a message to proclaim. The preacher said he should not speak in a controversial tone of the rite of baptism; it was a symbol of purifica tion in every-mode, *ud whether the subjects were infants or adults, "For ritual modes let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong who views it in that light." The message was all the world wanted to hear. Given by inspiration ef God it was profitable for dootrine, for reproof, for correction, for in struction in righteousness; and with this text book the man of God, the Christian teacher, was perfect, thoroughly furnished unto ail good works. The message was to be pro claimed to all. And this message has awakened eohoas in the breasts of dwellers of every olime, and has proved itself the Gospel of God, because it is so emphatically the Gospel of man—of universal man! It is an exotio in no clime ; it flourishes, as if indigenous, on every soiL The whole of the message was to be pro claimed. May we not take up the teaching of some men and ask—ls this all that Christ com manded t Are not some of the truths lifted into special prominence by Him, absent from their teaching? They speak not of the Cross as the atonement for sin. The personality and ministry of the Holy Ghost have dropped out' of their teaching. They have silenced their testimony concerning the terrors of the Lord, and no longer ring out the clarion oall to repentance. They have made prayer a' mocking unreality, and God's revelation a oonunon book. This spreading spirit of nationalism is withering the enthusiasm of the ■ Ohursh, - and drying the -fullest springs of her spiritual life. And then, on the other hand, then is a ritualistic, split abroad, in many - ??nnn the - natural reaction of Bationallsm. The cure for these heresies is to teach -all tilings that Christ has commanded. The message was to be proclaimed on Christ's authority; the message was to be proekimei for most practical' ends. Commandments are observed when they are kept. ~The teaching was to culminate in obedience; the creed, was to mould the conduct Hisobedienoe opposeth Him who bath aty power in Season" ana earth. H. A comforting assurance—(l) of unlimited power; (3) of fellowship with the Church Che' dignity and perpetuity of that fellow, ship was dwelt upon. Ths preacher con cluded by showing that their oommission is ours. Our work is educational. Christ sends us to teach. The Word suggests the unique ness of His method. Moses came with rules and ordinances, demanding measured obedience, and startling the lawless with a curse. And ' when the schoolmaster's work was dens., and the world had grown in a fuller manhood to the libsrty of choice, grace and truth came by . Jesms ' Christ, and constrained men by the : mightiest motives to yield themselves a living sacrifice to God. The Bey. J. Trewin officiated in the after noon, and selected his text from lehap. Nahum, 7 verse. T^e, goodness of God' was the- first thought dwelt upon. This goodnesi was un derived and pure. It was seen throughout the world in its adaptation to man's real necessities. Nothing wan more powerful than this prinoiple o! goodness. The text also deolared that God was' a stronghold in the day of trouble ; the inferenoe was that trouble was mixed up with life. The man who walked nearest to heaven, . as well as the man who walked farthest from it, had trouble. The youth had tiouble, aris ing from inexperienoe j the man from connection with business; the aged from decrepitude. It wonldseem a great blessing if the experience ■ of the father could be Landed down to the son. ' Then there was the Christian's security j at all times he oould find refuge in God. - Th? evening service w.as conducted by the Bey. T. Allen. His disoourse was based on the 16th verse of the Ist chapter of Bomans. He remarked that man was here to be educated. On every hand lessons of great Importance were presented to him. But whatever nature might teach, there were many enquiries whioh nature could not answer—there were wants which earth could not supply. The Gospel answered the deep enquiries of the human heart. The preacher then went on to say that the Gospel was lasting in its duration. It was the everlasting Gospel—eternal because it contained the element of truth, of love, and because of its eternal fitness. Then it is reformatory in its character. It reaches the intellect and enlightens it ; it reaches the heart and renews it, and Its influence affects the whole character and life. The Gospel is regal in its aim; it seeks to enthrone itself in the heart; it is intended, far all—lor every one that believeth; but men most believe it There is persuasion, but not coercion. Who would be ashamed of such a Gospel ? The truest patriots, the 4risest philosophers, the sweetest poets were not ashamed of the Gospel. Neither the best men on earth, nor the highest angels of heaven, were ashamed of it. There were good congregations at each ser vice. On Monday evening tea and pnblio meetings (both well attended) took place in the Young street Church. Mr. T. Biohards presided *t the publio meeting, and, having made a few remcrki, oalled on Mr. Ashton, who read an encouraging financial report. The Rev. Mr. Bichards then gave an interesting address. Having expressed a deep sense of gratitude at being with them safely brought through the . lights and shades of another eveuful year, he spoke of the meetings they had been having recently, saying that they had been very re freshing. A fresh baptism of the Holy uhost bad bt*n received by many, and they had re turned to their labors strong in the Lord, and powerfol in His might. Many who had never drank at the wells of salvation had returned home in possession of the pearl of great price, and he hoped such results would follow from the meeting that evening. In the publio meet ings in connection with their annual gatherings he felt as described in Or. Watts's lines:— " Mj longing soul would stay in such a frame as this, And sing herself away to everlasting bliss." And when the time for separation had arrived, they had found it very hard to say farewell. How good it was to be in the society of good men, and they could stay with such for ever; but it was arranged by their Father that they should be scattered over the country. It was the design of God in placing the Church on earth that she should, by her influence and teaching, permeate the whole world. They each had work to do, and their trials to bear, and in the business of the Lord how important it was that each should be found in his proper place, that he might lightly discharge the great duties of life. The conviction that they were doing right they should possess, for they would find that it would be of great assistance to them, and that it would nerve their ana to any duty. They should also have decision of character, and they should be espe cially decided on those things which related to their everlasting destiny. Everything they were surronnded by was short-lived, and was passing away, and how requisite it was that they should be earnest and sincere in their life and thought in this world. And how neces sary it was that the Church, by her zeal and by prayer, should sustain the Uve? of the men who were proclaiming the unsearchable riches of Christ. He believed that where there was a living active Church the Truth must prevail. . They knew that infidelity, Popery, secularism, < and ritualism were put forward to hinder them, ' but where there was a liviag, praying Church, ] he was convinced the truth would prevail. No wastheageofopportunityforthe Church, andl prayed that they would embrace it and that the wouldbe wise to save souls, and to lead others i a Chnat. (Applause.) The Bey. Mr. Price nej s spoke, dwelling on the neoessity of earnestnef c ?? d P?™ 00111, effort in the Church. The B*i t Mr. Young followed, making some exceller tt remarks touching the need there existed, fo • Jr 3 sprt a? ?f 1 an<l the advantages of B thorough knowledge of the Word. Heiisoad k verted to the necessity for more spiritual powei so as to spread religioD. The KeV. O. Lak ._ having made some pithy observations, the usus . votes of thanks were accorded, and the meetdni terminated. A collection was made with satii . factory results. 