SHOCKING TRAGEDY IN OHIO. (From the. Cleveland (.Ohio),Leader, Jlfay 29.) - The most horrible murder which has been perpetrated in Northern Ohio, an appropriate crowning horror, was perpetrated, Saturday afternoon, in Richfield, Summit County, about twenty-two miles from this city. A young man came quietly into the village and destroyed its peace by a bloody tragedy. By an in- explicable paradox, he came to take the life of one to whom he seemed to be attached by every tender tie. The circumstances are as follows :- A young man, named Hunter, while living at his home in Michigan, became acquainted with and enamoured of Chloe Gargett, of Richfield, Summit County. She was about twenty-two years of age, he twenty-eight. She returned to this State something over a year ago, and last fall he paid her a visit, being well received by the family. His visit in the family was prolonged, the attachment between him and Miss Gargett strengthened and intensified. When. he returned home to Michigan he kept up a correspondence with her, and endeavoured to obtain the consent of her parents to his marriage with the daughter. The winter passed/ and in the spring he was informed that the marriage was impossible, peremptorily ordered to desist from all further correspondence, and to give up whatever pretensions he had to Miss Gargett hand. He swore that he would have her orelay her, and used every means in his power to execute his threat. Last week he concluded that all endeavours to obtain her in marriage would be useless, andhesetaoout to take her life. He came to this city, and stopped at the City Hotel, where he took the stage for Richfield, Saturday. Arriving at his destination in the afternoon, he repaired immediately to the house of Mr. Robert Gargett and asked where the daughter was. "makes no difference where she is," answered the father; you cannot see her." "I will see her," said he, " or I'll kill all of you." The father thereupon ordered him to leave his premises, and Hunter drew a red oh Mr and fired hitting the old man in the head. The old man fell, rendered insensible by the wound, and the mother who was standing near by, cried out to her daughter : "He has killed your father ; fly ! "fly " The daughter ran up-stairs, add the murderer aimed at the mother, shooting her in the head, and causing instant death.- As the report of the pistol mingled with the moan of the dying mother, the fiend shocked that he would kill all of them, and rushed forward toward the staircase where the daughter had disappeared. The ( lady's brother, Rodney, here grappled him, and a violent struggle ensued. The blood-thirsty man triumphed. He leaped' from the clutches of the brother, and raising his revolver, fired at him a shot that put him beyond the power of interfering. Rodney rushed into the street, frantic from his wound, and filling the air with shrieks and screams, the life-blood trickling from his wound. In an instant he was a good distance from the scene of the tragedy. A large crowd gathered about him, totally unable to comprehend the meaning of his cries, | and soon moved toward his house, where the bloody i truths became but too apparent. In the meantime, the daughter, hearing the second report of the pistol, and seeing her maniac brother stagger through the streets, leaped from a second story window into the street, and sought refuge in a neighbouring house. An old lady, in whose house she entered, secreted her in a cellar and then returned to her front door just in time to meet the bloody murderer on the threshold. He demanded admission and was refused. The brave woman stood before her door, barring the passage-way and Stoutly refusing him admittance. He here again declared his purpose! to kill the young woman, mingling his threats with 'oath, and say ing that she should either wed him or 'die. The crow d'gathered'around, and I he said he would shoot himself, and raised the revolver to his head to let it fall harmless to his side, He aimed the weapon at a young man in the crowd, uttering a threat, but did not fire. He reeled about for" a moment or two, pointing his revolver at every one' who came near, and finally moved away from the house, , 1 " It became evident now that Hunter's plan was to! assume insanity. With the SEven shooter in his hand, four barrels loaded, has a mingled swath. the elicited throng, calling himself a murderer, and intending his, blood-stained "'hand to all he met] Shake hands with me," said he, see how it seems i to shake the hand of a murderer. I was determined to kill her marry her. If you don't shake hands with me, I'll shoot you. Hurrah for a murderer.." With! these and other cries he staggered about the streets compelling every one to shake hands with him, and finally wandered back to the house where lay the dead mother and the wounded father. Several attempts were made to arrest him,' but to all who' approached he presented the deadly barrel, and they shrank back. i \- Here, in front of Mr. Gargett's house, a man from the crowd slipped behind the murderer and threw him to the ground. An instant later he was bound, flic revolver wrenched from his hand, and all power of doing li aim taken from him." In this position the inuTdrrer asserted that he had drunk a great deal, and was then under the influence of liquor. He said he had taken poison from remorse, and Wnted to kill , himself. Neither assertion was listened to, nor was it a clear that he was not under the influence of liquor, and if he had desired self-destruction it could easily have been obtained by the loaded revolver. The excitement existing among the crowd was intense, and a strong disposition was manifested hang the murderer at once without trial. The friends of law and order, however, prevailed, and Hunter was placed in confinement. The wounded son, on beholding him, and understanding the terrible crane that ( agitated the bosoms of those around him, attempted to grasp the murderer of his mother and destroyer of the peace of, his family. He was restrained, and that thoughts of the crowd turned to the wounded and the dead. At 4 o'clock yesterday morning a messenger arrived. at the Central Police Station with the tidings of the murder, and inquired for Dr. Proctor Thayer, whom citizens of Richfield had sent for. The' doctor warned yesterday during the forenoon, and proceeded at once to administer all the care that surgical and medical skill could suggest. He has but little hope of the recovery of the father, and the ( fate of the son depends more upon his own conduct than anything else. If he can be kept quiet and calm, he will probably recover. The father has a bullet in his brain. " " , ' ! Hunter was taken to Akron, to be confined in gaol On the way he conversed freely, stating that bedi i wrong to shoot the father and mother, and only in tended to kill the daughter. He intimated that he was unconscious of what he was doing when the father refused Trim admissions and seemed to be preparing the way for " emotional insanity." ' L Bsovoham ok Ghosts. Tired with the cold on yesterday, I was glad to take advantage of allot bath before I turned, in. And here a' most remarkable A thing happened to me so remarkable that I must! tell the story from the beginning. After I left, the High School, I went with G-, my most intimate friends,' to attend the classes in the University. There was no , divinity-class, but we frequently in our walks disarm cussed and speculated upon many grave -subjects---*1 among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, it will notary of ghosts walking, but of the dead" appearing to the In big, were subjects of high Speku- lation and we actually committed the folly of draw- ing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died the first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the life after death." After we had t finished our classes at the college, 6-4 Went to ' India, has mg got an appointment there in the civil' service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him more-j over, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly ? forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said,, a warm bath and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat, after the tote freezing I had undergone, I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes as I, was about to get up out of the bath. On the chair sat G, looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my'achdbB I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likenesS Of G-, had disappeared. The vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart ; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten and so strongly was affected by it that I have been written down the whole history, with the date, Utyh' December, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream, I cannot for a moment doubt ; yet for years I had had no communication with G-, nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection ; nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G-or with India, or with anything relating to him, or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old dis- cussion, and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that Gess must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as proof of a future state ; yet all the while I felt convinced that the whole water dream and So painfully vivid, and so unfading was the impression, that I could not bring myself to talk of it, or to make the slightest allusion to it. I finished dressing and as we had agreed to make an early start, I was ready by 6 o'clock, the hour of our breakfast. Brougham, October 10th, 1882-3 have just been cop] ing out from my journal the account of this? strange dream : Ccrtissima mortis image! ' And now to finish' the story, begun above sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh, there arrived a letter from India announcing G's death i and stating that he" had died on the 19th December ! A singular coincidence ; yet when one reflects on the. vast number of dreams which night after night pass through our brains, the number of coincidences' between the vision and the event are perhaps fewer and, less remarkable than a fair calculation of chances would warrant us to expect,' looria it surprising, considering the variety of our thoughts in aeroplane that they all bear some analogy to the affairs of use, that's' dream should sometimes coincide with a contempt)-, curiouser even with>a future, event. This is not much more wonderful than that a person,' whom she had no reason to expect, should appear to us at the very moment we had been thinking or speaking of him. So common is this, that it has for ages grown into the proverb, " Speak of the devil." I believe every such streaming miracle is, like every ghost story, capable of esjOnnation. There never was, totally append a 0 better authenticated fast than Lord Lyttelton's ghost. I have heard my father tell the story ; but coupled with his entire conviction that it was either a pure invention, or the accidental coin-, cadence of a dream with the (event. He had heard the particulars from a lady as Mrs. Affleck,' or some such name-during a visit. he made to London about the year 1780, not very long after the death,, The substance of what the heard was that Lord Lyttelton had for some time been in failing health that he was suffering from a heart complaint, that a few days before his death he related to some female friends who were living in his house in London an extra-' ordinary' dream, in which a figure appeared to him and told him he should shortly die that 'his, death, which really took place J a few d»y»i)o«fter the dream had been very sudden, owing no doubt to the heart disease. My father was convinced that the female tendency to believe iii (the jniufyellóu» naturally produced the statement that the moment of the death, had exactly corresponded with the time as predicted in the dream. The story was told with corroborating circumstances one of which was,' an attempt to cheat the ghost by altering the hour on the clock and the tale' obtained a surprising'degrtfr of credit, considering the unsubstantial fountain' on which it really rested. On i all such subjects may father was very sceptical. He was very fond of telling a story in which he had been actor, and/ as/he used to say, in which his unbelieving, obstinacy had been the means of demolishing what would have made a very pretty ghost story. He had dined one day ' id Dean's yard, Westminster, with a party, of young men, one of whom was his intimate friend, Mr. Caine), There was some talk about the death of a Mrs. Nightingale, who had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had been that day buried in the Abbey. Some Pile of the party; offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into"the'grave and drive a nail into theco__i.,0_l__ei accepted the wager, only, stipulating, that he might have a lantern. He was accordingly held in, the cathedral by a door out of the cloisters, and then left to herself. The dinner party, after waiting an hour or more for Carmel, began to think 'something must have happened to him and that he ought to be looked after ; so my father and two or three more got a light, and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Camel. He was quickly transported to the prebend's dining-room, and recovered out of his fainting fit As soon as he could find his tongue, he said, "Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin ; but by Jove ! the lady rose up, laid hold of me, and pulled me down before I could scramble out of the grave." Carmel stuck to his story in. spite of all the scoffing of his friends and the ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over the town, but for my father'S obsti- " nate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular inspection of the grave, and coffin"; and so, getting a light, he and some of the party returned to the grim e. There, sure enough, was the nail,- Well driven into the coffin ; but hard fixed by it, was a bit of Mr. ( almost coat tail ! So there was an end of Mrs. Nightingale's ghost. This grave afterwardaibecame remain kal up for a very beautiful piece of sculpture, by some celebrated artist, representing Mr. Nightingale vainly attempting to word from his dying' wife -the date of death. My father always instanced this as the best pia c of monumental sculpture in, the Abbey. After this long digression, it is time to return today journal.- Life and Times of Henry Lord Brougham, written by himself, >><. ' 