A?? OLD AND LuDIoCRovUs OEnrcmy.-The London Daily Telegraph of the 11th Febru ary, referring to the opening of Parliament, says:-Surley the gloomy fanatic who, in the reign of James I so nearly succeeded in blowing up the Houses of Lords and Com mons, must have been related to the horrific personago whose effigy, dreadfully hirsute, and with a coil of steel spring instead of a stomach, is still visible in some of our toy shop windows. There is a curious affinity between Guy Fawkes and a " Jack in the Box. " You shut Jack down in his coffer; you forget all about him; but some diay an indiscreet or a mischievous hand unfastens the box, and up starts Jack, more prepos torously ugly than ever. He is irrepros sible-and so is Guy Fawkes. We hanged, drew, and quartered Guy; yet that didn't settle him. We found out that his name wasn't Guy or Fawlkes at all,but Guido Vaux; and even that discovery did not avail us. We have discontinued 5th of November services; discouraged 5th of November pro cessions, and put down bonfires and squib throwing by the strong arm of the law. Notwithstanding all our efforts, the incor rigible conspirator continues from time to timeto fly up in our faces; and it almost passes belief to hear that Guy Fawkes was made the excuse for a solemn parliament ary perquisition in the vaults of the palace at Westminster no later than last Thursday morning. It has been the custom, eversince the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot in 1605, to search beneath the Houses of Parliament just before they are opened, and to make sure that there are no barrels of gunpowder stowed away by the ghost of Guy. This ancient and interesting ceremony was per formed on Thursday by a party of her Majestys Yeomen of the Guard, under the command of Captain Morey, with sundry of the bizarre creatures called "marshalmen, " and other officials of the House. The proces sion by lantern- light through the vaulted chambers had, it is said, a highly pictur esque effect; but we cannot err, we should say, in assuming the searchers did not find any explosive materials; that the "pictur esque effect" was not heightened by the apparition of Guy Fawkes in yroprid persoen with lurid flames issuing from his eyeless sockets; and that in fine, nothing was found save, perhaps, a few cobwebs and a maro's nest. Is it not time that such ridiculous mummery should be done 'away with? If the vaults of the House must be examined, would not a couple of police constables be adequate to the performance of the task ? IIcrORTANT IIcPROVEMENT IN TItEu IANUFACTURE OF IRoN.-The Scotsman points out that the new hot blast which has just been.completed at Calderbank, and now in full blast, seems destined to revolutionise the entire future of the Scotch iron-trade. The principle on which the furnace is con structed consists in raising the ordinary fur nace to a height of 83 feet, covering it com pletely at the summit by a bell and oons ap pliance. The additional superstructure of30 feet upon the old surface is divided longitudi nally into four chambers or compartments, which act as retorts. There are several other arrangements, the whole resulting in great advantages to the manufacture of iron. In the ordinary hot-blast furnace it requires, for the production of every ton of iron, 48 to 50 owt. of coal; and it is now an ascertained fact that, by the Ferrie process, 30 to 35 owt. of coal will produce a ton of rich No. 1 iron, thus effecting a saving of about 17 owt. on every ton of iron made. This is at first a clear saving of 49. 8d. in coal alone. Nor is this all. It is estimated that the production of every ton of pig-iron necessitates the con sumption of about 10 owt. of dross, where with to fire the heaters, which in money value may be said to represent Is. on the ton of iron, exclusive of firemen's wages, &c.;, which may be estimated at about 6d. on the ton--is. 6d. per ton in the manufacture of iron; and if it is further estimated that the producing power of thi new furnace is 32 tons in the twenty-four hours, we have thus a saving in coal of 4s. 8d.; in beaters, &o.;, Is. 6d-altogether 6s. 2d. on every ton of iron produced, or equal to a saving on one furnace of £8?552.a year. This is exclusive of the Is. 6d. chargeable to the producing capacity of the other three furnaces so sup plied with gas, which, if reckoned by the pro duction of tonnage at 98 tons a day, yields additional saving of something like £1859 a year. Such results must certainly mark a new era in the manufacture of pig-iron. COLOURED IcniBEnS OF CONGREss.--The most conspicuous object on the floor of the House to.day has been MIr. Elliott, the col oured member elect from South Carolina. Coloured messengers darting hither and thither across the floor has made the sight of an African no unusual thing in the House. But the sight of a mnan as black as a hat, seated in a conspicuous seat as a member of Congress from the Palmetto state, has not yet ceased to be]remarkable. He seems to feel very much at home, however. And, by the way, doesno't the negro seem to come very naturally into his new conditions and avail himself with a very bland and affable air of all his new privcieges and honours ? Here sits Mr. Elliott, leaning back and surveying with the eyes of complacency the entire House of Representatives. If it were not for his dress he would look like the blackest of the restaurant waiters below. He is a pure negro; bis bair is woolly, his forehead re treats, his chin protrudes, his lips are thick and unfinished; he has a decided motstacheo, a strong nose, and intelligent eyes. His dress was that of a gentleman--black, with con spicuous wristbands, ample shirt-front, and heavy gold chain and fob. Pictune it, and arise from qour graven~, 01 Calhouos and Rhetts I Not all your menaoirg fire brands, nor wrathful years, nor sacrificial deaths have kept the bondcsman from freedom, nor Irom representing his race in the capital of the naition! In striking contrast to his colleague is Mr. Reiney of South Carolina. A quo droon, there is scarcely a more intellectual looking man in the House, nor few handsomer, nor one more aristocratic in bearing. l'he blood of the cavaliers flows in his veias-this is plain to see. His hair slightly waves. His forehead is broad and high, with causa tive and perceptive faculties both 'dblninant; eyes black and ulhl; nose high and straight; mouth long and firm; chin doineant, and side whiskers stunning. 'f Boin a slave, and the descendant of slaves, I rise tolplead the interests of my race." These were among the first words uttered-by Mr. Long, the eool ouredt member from Georgio, in the House of Represaiilitives, ond'li ey comcmanded the respeotfulinterist of all. He is a mulatto. Hlis hair is woolly, but not his beard. He has: a noble head and a thoughtful earnest face- the face of a man who has thought deeply and suffered much in solvieg the pro bleii of his own people, and in wrestling with his own. fate. Senator Revels is the bishop of Congress; he looks like a patriarch of th, churiolr, and sits like one among his brother senators. He is also a mulatto with woolly hair, but handsome features, a judicial, Iene volent head rather than an intollectual onoe, and the most remarkable thing about his face is the bonignity of its expression. He fills his place honourably, but not brilliantly, as uninbody exlpected that he wonld.-Letter in Bro?oklyn Union. ?he German newspapers are of opinion that the peace recently concluded between the Em. pire of Germany and the French republic will be of short duration. They state that when the garrison of Paris becomes united to the French soldiers made prisoners of war during the late campaign, the French government will be able to bring into the field more than half-a-million of men; and that therefore the present peace can dnly be regarded as a pro longed armistico. But, fortuuately for the world, something more than men is required to enable any government to carry on a war. Battles cannot be fought without powder, and soldiers cannot live without food ; and as it is money which procures these articles, it follows that money is the prime staple of warfare. But this is the very thing which France is, and wrill he for years to come, most deficient in. The price of the presentpeace-J£200,0 00,0 00, is an enormous sum for an impoverished na tion to make up in the space of three years; and hence, should even the soldiers for a new war be available, the necessary funds will be wanting. Franc could only raise the latter by loan; and, in attempting to do so, wou'd be sure to meet with insuperable diticulties. Capitalists would be chary of lending large sums for the suplport of soldiers who, during the late war were beaten in every battle, who failed in nearly every one of their enterprises, and would hbe just as likely to fail again. Some of the more rabid German journals call upon Germany to prepare for a new war, and even B3ismarck, if we mayjudge from the tenor of some of his utterances, is inclined to the be lief that such preparation is necessary. Such preparation on tile part of Germany would be a great misfortune to the rest of the civiliosed world, inasmuch as it would compel other na tions to waste their resources in preparing for those contingent dangers that might arise out of any great war. T'he world has already supped full of horrors, and it is to be hoped thnt the wisest and hest minds, not only of France and Germany, but of all nations, will soedulonsly use their influence to prevent the occurrence of another war.-Town and Coun try Journal. 