BARMECIDES. j |-: > '(Mai OtGraphic) .: I THERE aro few of ua who have not had thc .experience of a Barmecide feast some time in our lives ; who have not net known what it was to he invited, to an apparently substantial re- cast, tb. find'when the covers were removed that the, thing was a mere sham-that- no strong meats smoked on the cold and empty board, no 'fruits gave sweetness and pleasantness and ihe ?perfection of finish- to the nobler and more 'important 'fo6'd;:no wine -gladdened the heart and brightened the eye, but that it was all only a i nome, a pretence, a make-believe, a Barmecide feast, feeding and refreshing no one. ."How many : marriages are Barmecide feasts, think-you? Promises of love and loveliness 'and tender sympathies that are never fulfilled .piumUbv'of, ¿weetnesB md .»good tempor:that i -fdde a'way.vinto 'nbthingj"lii:6> golden cloud/ àt ."¿unViVe'^prqmWs ; bf" contented hap'r^netó';end j .ecstaiic-.joy that! are'as real as {he sparkling *Ayiney:the luxurious^fruits of- the Barmecide's ¡tibié.';.;" jSH'e na's- to hàtr1 md' -Wue.'eyes/a^irini -waist and arched, instep,' smalLhands, and half moons to her iUbertshaped-nailB. She s'mileB when you ijieaV-to^eT.vand'hos a ready blush; .sjoa'fot^'ldMlc* shamefaced' and.pretty when ste bluf Hep'. .'.She1 is .'not - opinionated/ and she' ' Blo'i.icek'.Qbritin^ttlly :'at .'mamma when sno'.talka, «nd seldom !looks, you full;in- the face. She is just eighteen, and you adore her. ' You see in her the outline of every nobleness, of every. | virtue that-a woman can- possess: ' You grant that as yeti hy'reason'of *,her youth, all thèse? graces are only potential, not active ; but you* believe, nevertheless, and belief for the-time does as well as proof; and you marry your ' angel, nef er thinking that she" will prove your , Borrhecide. Time goes'on. The bride becomes the wife,- the girl tho" woman. The nature which was no more set or consolidated when you concluded that it held the germ of every virtue underheaven, than is a hazelnut in June, slowly developes itself into ita own way. The virgin timidity which so enchanted you be- comes matronly indecision and a mental weakness of will bordering on imbecility; or. it crystallises into a narrow, positive- ness so that.you might aa well -try to melt the snows of Mont ' Blanc BB bend or mellow it. The ready blush which once betokened such sweet sensibility-hardens into callous opposition or'deepens into passionate irritation; the girl you loved and.thc woman you have married, are aB different as -is the Olympian Hebe from an 1 applewomari' in the'street ; the*promise by yhichj you were taken prisoner was but a Barmecide! ? feast, and. you, sit at the banquet of your mar-j | ri a ge with empty dishes and longing eyes, ,pon-j ;'dering; arid regretting. \ \ ..'?'?< \ . ' You. make-a new friend/ You have-had ;goód¡ 'friends iñ'yoür HfètimeV'hut yôiï'havé never had! one equal tp this.'for fervouriof affection, lavish-! ness- oft demonstration^ affluence of ."'promise. ! You have been a, self?sustaining kind of person; i,'hitherto, but perhaps you have wen hardly hit of; late, wounded in the fighVwrung in the withers,, und your new-friend-with-his offers of help! .'cornea in-opportunely. . Rest on me, he says,; with infinite generosity and an! expansive -man-'.; nef; and you take him at his word. You do, reston him. Perhaps lt is no1'great . favour* j after all that you ask of him; be that as it may,; you ask something. Your,friend, who has' offered all and promised' everything, proves of : ?(lhe Barmecide' class: when put 'to' the proof.1, . He fails you ut erly ianthe simplest as in theil most important mattera He invited you to sit j at his table and nourish yourself on the strong i, -meats he had in store; but when you lifted the! covers you beheld'nothingness^ and you were'l fain to content yourself with empty dishes and;, unsatisfied decires. He can do nothing for: you. It may be will, or it may "be I /power, that fails him ; either he - baa? miscalculated his" influence with others,' ! orbe has exaggerated his unselfish interest in: you. Whatever the cause, there is thc result ; i the »taff you leant on ÍB a broken reed, and the I -rich banquet of active: friendship to which your' 1 host invited'you is a sham wherein lieB no¡ . crumb of. comfort or support. | Bnrmecidal, too, are many books. They! open with a fine nourish, promising instruction! of entertainment according to the plan on which j they are .constructed. You sit down to yourj ! - intellectuel banquet full of cheerful'hope ; but j 1 you find nothing set forth for your sustenance.! .Your spirit-stirring melody turns out tb ¡be a¡ meaningless word echoing through a deserted .palace-a feast of empty , covers, giving hoj food whereby your soul can he nourished j and made- strong. The entertaining story ? that began with the sparkle' of ' a well-packed rocket, ends in " the dreary .descent of a charred stick. The treatise that; prefaces its essential remarks by a sweeping I assertion respecting the utter worthlessness of I'every other.work that has hitherto'been pub-1 lished on thc subject, prepares you for new lights on a dark matter, and a straight cat out j of a tangled jungle. But you find as you gb '. deeper end.fare further that your author knows no more of the matter in hand than the most antiquated of his predecessors. He'.has,no new light; he makcB no new cut,< short or .long; he is the showman of a dissolving view, í the-Amphytrion of a Barmecide feast; , and you are really the poorer for your lost faith', and the ! time wasted in a hope that had no fulfilment for its answer. -' And as with books so with certain natures., j You are acquainted with people wjao, you are i. sui e, would exactly suit such and such positions, j j .do such and such work, perform.such and such ! duties. You'use all your influence, and you I place them where you think, them "just, fitted, ¡ square pegs in square holes; and round pegs in ¡ round holes. But.here too, your feast has been 1 ¡ 'Barmecidal, and your protégés, from whom ! while still untried you hoped so much, are:quite empty dishes when disclosed. The'power of ;mind,',the quickness of perception, the business 1 j faculty, tho very moral rectitude on which you . had counted, and for which you had refused others, are myths; and.you realise.a disappoint- ment where others suffer as well as yourself. ; How many -failures of this' kind the. world :has to'count! How' many IOBÉ leaders.' of: thought and progress, so brilliant in their pro- ; mise, so ^appointing in their result/ have -been ? juBt Barmecides with whom is. no food of life, no sustaining element .Again, how often we ¡ find our own work, our so-called good-fortune, ¡ i. Barmecidal. "We have something given us that - we fondly believe will make a man of us, how on the spot. "We haye ..long been in troubled waters; surely the tide will turn now-the cur- rents run smooth- and our tossed-and damaged ship come into safe harbour at last ! surely 'our hunger will be appeased at the. banquet' to which we are bidden, and we shall know--the meaning and the savour of good things !' "Wè [ accept the situation offered,: and wé find" it ¡ richer , in promise than fulfilment. . It "is *i Barmecidal feast, and we Btarve at tho^table I which"assumed'*to:be" a" table of plenty.' 'That I editorship which was to be stich'insignificant work;and such princely pay-wellj that editor- ship J ' The adjectives and. nouns have façon strangely; jumbled somehow, and ? we find- it on the itrial.- to' be/* such .very poor .pav and such a very great deal of work, that we can .neither makeup bya supplement nor live on the original: .That station out in Africa-it was to haye all sorts of valuable contingencies, and the climate was . exceptionally healthy.. When we get there we'find a swamp where, the population Js decimated by yellow fever, and the valuable contingencies resolve themselves into native trading-buying Ivory, for which there is no market, by consignments of Becond-hañd clothes, ' which the noble savage will not wear. AU sorts ,of appointments are in like mariner Barmecidal j and.-often when, the world congratulates a min ' on his- good luck, and assumes that his fortune is made off hand', the truth is. that .the .whole thiriglis a sham and a pretence, tnat tiere is 'no good luck in the matter»'but, on the contrary, ^Î.l:!Ç^..*M.Sà|..*!»4:*ûiy. «t.* tihing, .this Barmecidal ghost, stops the way against sonio thmg better arid more smcere, rt-Y.;<!-,\y; i' " ... The hí)úsew'ó':rénV'and'Hhe horse we' buy; the lover! we.' mttiify. and the friend wo choose; the pqst we accept.andfthe sect we join, all tho affairs of life, social, spiritual,'-erriotibhal; prac- tical, we find to he in their".lum Barmecidal, disappointing, and untrue. There" is'nothing thathas not .at times, a promise unfulfilled, a show «nd no reality. '-Perhaps ono of the most mournful, of the many sorrows, of life is . the phantasmagoric character which pervades'it^ I thia uncertain and unreal ' appearance which fades away when you seek tb grasp it, anTtJJ into nothing in your. hand. - Love itself « i mere ro'By: cloud that bas no objective qoaKk I 7t is only äs you yourself make it that ii ¿¿1' at'all; an d'when your mind hos changea fk I love has fled, and all for which yon l<mj lied too." **Stou may' conceal your chaeri i bravely, Bit. at the unfurnished table t¡¿ I make believe that you are enjoying. » sumptuous repast, but . the . heart irfeu I knows-its own bitterness tells you how hd> low your seeming- satisfaction is, and even yo» : host who is watching you, while pretending^ j press on you good things that do not erk "even he or she laughs at you 'secretly ft/JJ disappointment you are feeling though nQtb¿. fraying. Yet, after all, what. ls true ? 7^ question was asked more than eighteen huniej yeara ago, and the man who could saüafactáib answer it has not yet arisen. Still the B*>j¡¿ cide fesBts of .human life go OD, and g^qj, . come crowding to empty tables where thayj^ 1 fondly hoped to have been fed and neuruatf, I still' pretences, make- believes, false prcai^ I rule the world BS of old ;'but howwe'uéj, 1 close up the fatal' sluices; how fill tae-bfcai . dishes of the , Barmecide "hosts aboimduig,^ problem to which no-answer,,has been ¿tai» j'far as we have gone..yet.'.-.Andi to wbiciji I . fear one will come only .with .the/millen¿ipai.1| 