EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF LORD BROUGHAM. O.ve of the most remarkable storie3 re cently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has iusfc been issued by Messrs. Blackwood :—" A most remarkable thing1 happened to me—so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School I wont with G—, my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects— among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to tho living, were subjects of much speculation ; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, writfcon with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts wo had enter tained of the ' life aftor death." After we had finished our classes at tho col lege, G went to India, having got an appointment there in tho civil sor vico. He seldom wrote to me, and 1 aftor tho lapse of a few yoars I had almost forgotten hiin ; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or hoard any thing of them, or of him through thom, so that all tho schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it, and enjoying tho comfort of tho heat after the late freozing I had under gone, I turned my head round, looking towards tho chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of tho bath. On tho chair sat G—, looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on tho floor. The apparition, or whatovor it was that had taken the likonoss of G , had disappeared. Thi3 vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it oven to Stuart; but the impression it made upon mo was too vivid to bo easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affocted by it that I havo hero written down tho whole history with the dato, Decomber 19, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and^ that tho appearance pre sented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communi cation with G , nor had thoro been anything to recall him to my recollec tion. Nothing had taken placo during our Swedish travels eithor connected with G— or with India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly our. old discussion, and the bargain we had made. I could not dischargo from my mind the impres sion that G ' must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be recoiv'ed by me as a proof of a futuro state." This was on December 19, 1799\. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postcripfc :—"I have just.,been copying out from my journal the account of this strange droam. Cerlisdma, mortis imago ! And now to finish the story, begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G -'a death, and stated that ho had died on December 19 ! " 