ORIGIN AND HISTORY OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. 6 6 TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. I Sir-As I regard the maintenance of the authority 3 of Holy Scripture amongst us of great moral value 1 to the welfare of the community. I am induced to M beg space in your widely circulated columns for a S few thoughts bearing upon late correspondence. U It seems really a pity that since some men appear B eagerly to embrace whatever has a semblance of H casting doubt on the divinity and authority of Ssrip i ture, that anything should drop from pen or lip I capable of being made to gratify so unwholesome a I desire. I Whatever mon may affect to think of the stered vol ! time, and however the several parts of what the Christ ! tina Church has had in possession for generations past as the New Testament of our Lord and Saviour Jesus 1 Christ were got together, the whole, through whatever I instrumentality given, forms the record that God hath 1 given of his Son, and it is declared he that believeth not the record hath made Him a liar. Of the several I authors of the inspired writings in question, Matthew, I John, James, Peter and Paul were the Lord's on Apostles, and that the other three writers, Mark, ii Luke, and Judo were not less inspired is plainly I indicated either by their own confession as the sor- to wants of Jesus Christ, or by the tenor and character 1 of their communications. The gospels by Mark and | by Luke equally bear the stamp of inspiration with that of Matthew. As to the foundation of the Church, that is Jesus Christ whom the inspired I writings reveal, and the Holy Ghost alone, by what ! ever instrumentality, is the Divine builder, for the I Lord added to the Church such as should be saved, I built them upon the foundation of the apostles and pro i phots, Christ himself being their foundation and the chief corner stone." In all ages the Holy Spirit, by the oral or written communications of his inspired ser I vants, has raised up the Christian Church, as it is written " How shall they hear without a preacher, I and how shall they preach except they be sent?" I How can anything be wanting or insufficient that has i divinity for its author ? H As regards the Old Tea tarrion t scriptures, an apostle of Jesus Christ tells us that holy men of old spake as they were moved by the spirit of God, and unto ] them it was revealed that not unto themselves, but a unto us, they did minister the things, the things which are now reported by them that have preached I the gospel, with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. Such being the case, the Holy Ghost having thus in ages prior to its existence manifested his I care for the Christian Church, is it possible to suppose the same divine wisdom has now left her with J an imperfect revelation, and that the Scriptures given I her are not the inspiration of God, but more or less in the fabrication of men, therefore not profitable for H doctrine, &c.; that the Man of God may be perfect I throughly furnished unto all good works ? Is it not a rather certain that His divine power hath been care- in fully exercised in all wisdom to give us all Ulinga H that pertain unto life and godliness ? He that hath SS an ear let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the k1 Churches. Certainly the impress of divinity is aged stamped on every section of the New Testament. t Yours truly, CHRISTIAN. 