THE COUNTRY. BALLARA.T. (prom our own correspondent. ) . . Tuesday, 11th July. ino Attorney- General opens his election campaign this evening at the Eglinton hotel, lho opposition so bravely talked of last week- soems to have already lost hearty Messrs. James and Clarke havine found that the elen. tors of Ballarat Bast decline to become cat's- paws iu their hands. Mr. Webster, who is acting as secretary for Mr. Walsb, publishes this morning a preliminary committee list, which contains the names of most of tho lufluentialand rebooted residents of Ballarat East, What action Mr. Fincham is taking after having received the approval of two dozen of the persons who visited the Grant on Friday, I don't know, hut outwardly he makes no sign. Charley, also, remains quiet, and will probably continue so. unless Mr. James nominee persists in thrusting himself forward. The names of MesRrs. Steiufcld and M'Dermott appear on Mr. "Walsh's com mittee, both of which gentlemen wore can- cudates for tho same honor on a previous occasion. The Bond quettion came on last evening for discussion at the adjourned public meeting of ratepayers, and the mayor, after a long statement, in which he explained tho unsatisfactory monetary position of the Council stated that ho considered he had ' done right in refusing to sign the bond, ami the meeting appeared to concur in his view of the case.— Tho Star gives the following sensational paragraph respecting the Burnt Bridge ghost Our local correspondent writes- Time, instead of lessening belief in t o Burnt Bridge ghost, lias rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of tho party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted house. This person is sn im- b ted with fear ever since, that he is almost piostratc. On Friday night a crowd gathered around, him m his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors unceremoniously rushed " '"ding himself thus left the solo oe- oupaut.of the house, ho hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive confusion and utry left las hat and boots behind, and an- luod all availablo speed in making his escape to my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully implored admit- tance. He Baid ho must havo travoll i tho distance iu thirteon bounds, so great his terror, and ho soriously congratuhM bimsolf on Mb good fortune in not eonY bump against a troo. Just fancy a man ah 1 ' forty-fivo years of ago. and about six foot?" inches high, with hair standing on ond hi footod and bareheaded, olearing hngo 10L rel other obstructions as if tho nrch-liond h" self were at his heels, from sheer terror fm' a ghost, and you havo a faithful picture of i? man on Friday night. At Clarendon party of men of undoubted bravery i8 or„', ising to challenge tho ghost at his haunt i thoy proposo to furnish themselves with' fi arms in caso of meeting with tangible ance. Should tho scheme be 0« J j ont, I may havo to toll you beforo 1„! of moro converts to tho new faith" Tho Courier affords tho following inform"" tion to its readers on mining matters Monday's share markot was somewhat diiiT except for an inoroased demand for Wint..!' Freehold, which fell to £15 5s, and -m,';' roso to £10 10s at tho close. Tho report U tho manager below states that tbo result two trial machines was Soz Gdwt ; possible this tangible ovidonco bad some effect on buyers, who camo forward freely «p to ' lato hour. Tho intelligence brought by ! Rangitoto from New Zealand, added to a ' telegram from tho local manager 0f th Tookey Company, caused a fresh demand (ol shares, stating that shares wero £40 1 flrn.Tinm'fl Tnivn « nlan f.hnf yield for the fortnight reached the enormous quantity of 15 GOOoz. In this market thou oponed at £33, and closed firm at nl Hand and Band wero fully maintain Bonshaw are iuspiriug confidence and realised an advance. Reform are 'higher also. Racecourse were better. No. 1 South woro easier. Othor stocks woro unchanged Monday Evening.— Tho brokers of tbe Balk' rat Stock Exchange— namely, Messrs, F n' Downes (chairman), J. Croylo, C. E. Clarke D Fitzpatrick, J. Goodall, D. Ham, \y j1 JoneB, W. Levey, YV. Nixon, YV. c! Smith and M. Walsh, report Thoro was a fail ' amount of business to-day, with prices gene rally stoady. Tookey roso to £34. Winter's and Bonshaw improved slightly, and were 1 in steady demand. Hand and Band were inquired for. Tho following are onr sales - Hand and Band, £0 17s Gd, £9 ISs Gd ; Win. tor's Freehold, double isBue, £16, £1G 5s, £16 10s, £16 15s; Prince of Wales, £2 10s £2 ' lis, £2 12s Gd; Clune3 Consols, £1 14s' n 15s ; Tookoy, £34 ; Reform, paid up, £$ i, ' £3 Is Gd, £3 2s Gd ; new issue, £3 b0#' sliaw, £14 15s, £15, £15 10s j Cosmopolitan Crcswick, 19s, 19s Gd, £1. 1 ' 