DESCRIPTION OF A TURKISH BATH. In the first place the bather is shown into a large room on the second floor, mostly occupied by couches, but having at the farther end a row of small closets. The attendant puts into his hand a sheet and a canvas apron, very much the size and pattern of those worn by Freemasons and Oddfellows on gala days and important occasions, and shows him into one of these cells, where there is just room for a moderate-sized man to undress. Having performed this operation, tied on the apron, wrapped the sheet around him after the manner that ghosts are sm'd to do, and put on a pair of slippers, he is conducted down stairs into a little, dark room that smells warm and vapoury, but not disagreeably so. The sheet and slippers are left at the door, and then the process of bathing commences. First the attendant reaches forth an apparatus like the "rose" of an enormous watering tin used by gardeners, which is connected to the wall by an indiarubber tube, a tap is turned, and you are " watered" from head to foot with luke-warm water, which feels very nice and agreeable. After a couple of minutes or so the at tendant gives you a Turkish towel to carry in your hand, and a pair of wooden clogs in which you stick your feet, and he then leads you into another room, which you at once perceive is decidedly warmer than the first one, to say the least of it. After the first " sniff," however, it is not uncomfortable, providing you keep your feet safely and firmly in the clogs, put the towel under you when you sit down, and take care that no part of your bare flesh touches anything—if it does you are aware of the fact in a moment, and feel an al most irresistible impulse to indulge in strong language. A bench runs round three sides of the room, and on this you take your seat, and if thirsty at all, or perspiration does not commence at once, you drink of cold water. Before you have been in the room many minutes, how ever, you are certain to break out into a most profuse perspiration, after which you feel so particularly cool and easy that you are astounded on looking at the thermo meter hanging on the wall, to see it stand at 150 degrees, and make up your mind, at once, that it could be raised another 50 degrees or so without any incon venience. There is a wooden lounge something in the shape of an enormous letter " N," with the feet pulled out very wide, on the floor on one side of the room. Taking your towel and carefully arranging it on this lounge, so as to shield you from touching the bare wood in any part, you lie down for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in a most blissful state of composure, thinking about no thing in particular, and contemplating with much complacency the huge beads of perspiration that are bursting out from every pore and saturating the towel under you. At length the attendant comes in and takes you back again to the room you first entered, lays you on a broad bench at full stretch, and commences kneading you all over; rubs his knuckles down your spine, down your arms, legs, and chest; pulls your arms until they crack ; and, in fact, makes very free with you altogether; but having a soft hand and a deft manipulation there is nothing about the process which is in the slightest degree painful. After that he gives you a very smart rubbing all over with the pahns of his hands. Then he produces a pair of flesh brushes and soap, and re peats the rubbing with increased vigour, until you are enveloped in a thick white lather as though you wore an enormous chin about to be operated on by the barber. Then the "rose" is brought again into play, and lather quickly disappears in a shower of warm water. After that you get ofi' the bench and stand in a place pointed out by the attendant, who turns a. handle, and down comes a deluge of beau tifully cold water, which you enjoy ama&' ingly for a few minutes. You then step out, dry yourself with a towel, resume your slippers and sheet, walk up stairs and lie down on one of the couches for half an hour or so, and then dress, feel ing a new man altogether, and convinced, from the appearance of your sink, that you are cleaner than you ever remember to have seen yourself before. All lassi tude lias left you, even the " prickly heat" has disappeared under that rubbing and brushing and soaping, and as you walk out into the open air, the weather seems to have got decidedly cooler during the hour and a half you spent in the estab lishment. A "bad cold," rheumatics, 01* any affection of that kind, must he very " bad" indeed if it is not driven away at the first bath, while the most obstinate cannot hold out against many, provided they are taken methodically. 