CHRISTMAS. CHRISTMAS is with us once more, and, as a matter of course, holiday-making and plea sure-seeking are the order of the day. Many have left Sandhurst on a visit to what we may call foreign parts, some seeking recrea tion in Tasmania, and others in the more distant islands of the New Zealand group. The Beehive is deserted, the members of the Stock Exchange have entered upon their va cation, and mining business generally is in the dullest of conditions. Those who have leisure to enjoy, and money to spend, are bent upon making the most of them, and those who have little of either will no doubt strive to content themselves with amuse ments of the briefest and most inexpensive kind. Our charitable institutions we are glad see have not been forgotten at this festive season, and the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, with the children of the Industrial School, are to be entertained with a good Christmas dinner. The temperance people hold their annual grand picnic on Monday, at Ravenswood, at which there is expected to be a very extensive gather ing. A programme of the day's pro ceedings is lying before us, from which it would appear that the tastes of the million have been well considered, and can scarcely fail to be gratified. Both Sandhurst and Castlemaine are to contribute to the atten dance and to the public amusement, and the teetotallers and fire brigades—curious amal gamation—and brass bands from the Golden City and the Great Centre, will enliven the dingles and dells and awaken the echoes of Ravenswood. Hallas, with his harmonious men, will discourse sweet music to the visitors to the Sydenham Gardens, and thus the holiday folks on Monday will be provided for. On Tuesday the great Caledonian gathering, in the Camp Reserve, will draw large numbers of people into the town, which on the previous day may be expected to present a deserted appearance, while in the evening there will be the pantomine at the Lyceum, with the attraction of an ex cellent company, including the celebrated Zavistowskis. It is good to be merry for once, in the year at least, and we wish the public of Bendigo every possible enjoyment of the season. The Bendigo Advertiser will be published on Monday next, although it has been usually our custom to omit the publication of the paper on Christmas Day. But in order to place our readers in the earliest possible possession of the English news, and to avoid misunderstanding and disap pointment with regard to the weekly mining reports and commercial intelligence, it has been deemed advisable that the custom should this year be departed from. On Monday, therefore, we shall publish as usual, but not on Tuesday. Tub Minino Companies' Act.—Ministers very careaillyaud prudently avoided the unpleasant sub ject of the New Mining Act in their orations at the Ballarat banquet. The Chief Secretary would not venture in the presence of an audience of experts to speak of a matter with which he was imperfectly acquainted, and, therefore, left it to be dealt with by some of his colleagues. The Aitorney- Geuoral was cautious in his remarks, as far as his own re sponsibility was concerned, and stated that the measure was not exactly such a one as he would like to have passed, but stated, nevertheless, that it was substantially a good Act, and an improvement on the old olie. That seems to have been all that was said on the subject. ST. Andrew's Grand Gathering.--"We notice that the preparations for the St. Andrew's sports are drawing near completion. It must be admitted that the arrangements for the accommodation of the public on this occasion exceed anything of the kind hitherto attempted on Bendigo. The whole of the hill to Mr. Brown's house is included in the enclosure, and the ground is peculiarly adapted for recreative purposes; the hill-side being naturally formed into a grand stand for the convenience of spectators, and the flat below for carrying out the various sports, thus rendering it most suitable in every respect, and lessening the risk of damage to trees or sltrcibs. But this is not all. We observe that several workmen are engaged in laying down seats in the face of the hill, which will be covered by a hugo awning, or rather a canopy, prepared by Mr. Tipper, of View Place, thereby rendering the position one of the best stands for observation and convenience that could be cop structed for a similar purpose. Thero is another feature in the arrange ments which deserves particular notice; last year there was only one gate that served for ingress aud egress, and this caused some inconvenience; this year two separate gates have been provided at cach of the four entries, and at tlio principal one, at the creek, opposite tlio Shamrock Hotel, a second bridge has been erccted for outlet, so that the parties entering the grounds shall not be interrupted by those coming out. It is also, we learn, in con templation to have the ground watered during the sporis, should the state of the weather require it. Certainly the committee appear to spare no expense to make the gathering one of the moat successful that has ever taken place on Beudigo, and wo hope the citizens will appreciate their effoits by their presence on the occasion. Hallas's celebrated City Band will perform, rud from the very liberal prizes offered a great success is anticipated. We undei • stand the whole of the leading storekeepers have agreed to close their establishments ou Bo.-.iug Day, with a solitary exception, in order to allow their employes to attend the spoits. The Lyceum Pantomime.—"We hear that Mr. Stanley has detei mined to postpone the production of the pantomime till Bon'ii'j Night, iu order that the representation may bo creditable and satisfac tory in every depa tment. This alteration, though late, must prove beneficial. Even large theatres, fur nished with all necessa y rppliances, are usually closed for a few (3,'ys bc'ore Christmas; but during this week the Lyceam has been open nearly every evening for some charitable cr other purpose. These performances must have interfered consider ably with the x>repnrations for the pantomime, and as the Z trio were so well received here on the oc casion of their last visit, they are naturally anxious that in the piece in which they make the!.- reap pearance all the performers should bo thoroughly perfect iu their parts By next Tuesday this will doubtless be the case. Chr>stmas and the Poor.—Under this heading we yesterday made an appeal to the charitable on behalf of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, and the cliildren of the Industrial School, and we arc glad to 6nd that the appeal is meeting with a liberal and generous response. The superintendent begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following contributions towards the Christmas dinner :—120 lbs. of bread from 31 r. Thomas G'on nell, Long Gully; lollies for the children, and a case of wiue for the adult inmates, from Mr. P. Hayes, Bridge-street; geese from l.Ir. ; hawcross, Bridge-street; and £1 la from Mr. Thomas Benson, proprietor of the Arcade, Sandhurst. JTew Theatre.—"We are informed that it is in tended to convert the properties in Muudy-street, facing the Mall, and in Howard Place, and the cov respondiug portion of M'Orae-strect, into a theatre, to supply the place of the Lyceum which has been purchased by Messrs. Moore Brothers. We believe that a company will be formed by the owners of the properties mentioned, and others who may think proper to join in the undertaking for the erection of the buihl'iigs. These, we are told, are to consist of a handsome front facing Pa'.l Mall, consisting of two stories, the lower part of which will be laid out in shop:*, and chief entrance, while the upper storey will comprise a cafe, saloon, restaurant, kc. The fvouts in M'Oao and Bridge Streets will also be occupied by shops, with entrances to the theatre, which wPl occupy the space in the centre between the two streets. "Wc are told that the theatre will be muck larger arid more commodious thau the Lyceum. A lane will be left at the back, affording entrance to the stag<\ The site is considered an excellent one, if not unequalled in any pari of the City. It is calculated that the reals of the theatre and shops will yield handsome returns for the in vestment. Lyceum Theatre.—The performances last even ing in the Lyceum were for the benefit of the Ben digo United Cricket Club, but probably owing to the intense heat of the day, people were too exhausted to come out at night; at all events tho attendance was small, and the benefit will result in a loss to the Club. The play of " Milky "WMte " was produced, with 3Ir. Stanley as Milky White, aud he sustained the character of tho cantankerous cowman with great ability. Mrs. Stanley, os Mrs. Saddrip, also performed exceedingly well, and Master Williams, as the rude bey, was highly amusing. The drama was succeedcd by a song, " The Bonnie Hills of Scotland,by Mr. Johnson, which was sung very well, and was encored. Au Irish jig by Patsey ltegan and his sister was as fine au exhibition of the national dance as could be wished. Through some luisuuderstandiug the Scottish dancing did not take place. The entertainment concluded with the farce of " A Ghost in Spite of Himself," and it was most humorously played. Mr. Stanley, as Dickory, overflowed with the comical element. • Mr. Martin was lively as Mr. Aid. Winkle, and .Mr. Keeves ludicrously'solemn as Kicodcmus. IVTiss Blanch Grey as Lavinia, and Miss C. Novollo as Gco.'yin\at acted with great animation. The Caledonian Sports.—"We have been re quested to notice that all the members of the St. Andrews Society are invited to meat at the lodge-room,View Point Hotel, on Tuesday morning at ten o'clock, to join the procession. The right of taking the entrance-money at the forthcoming Caledonian Games, was submitted to public compe tition yesterday by Messifl. L. Macpherson and Co., but the highest bid was at £600, and it was withdrawn, the St. Andrew's Society considering it worth fully double the money. - ; 