Melbourne Letter. Tuesday, January' 17. Now that the mail has arrived and set at rest for I lie present all our fears in regard to a war with llussia and America, or either of them, the disso lution of the Assembly will no doubt be forth- ivith gazetted, and the election campaign will commence in real earnest. The plentiful supply of new candidates everywhere has had the effect of forcing two or three of the old members into the field lest others should steal a march upon them ; but there have as yet been no Ministerial ntterances; and therefore the chief speakers on the Opposition side are shy of committing them selves. It is understood, however, that Sir J arnes M'Cullocli will open the ball in a few days at Morniiigtoi), while the Attorney-General, Mr. Micliie, will proceed to enlighten the Gipps- landcrs, to whom he has transferred his affections — leaving Ballarat (which returned him last time) to the crowd of local aspirants to the position of representative. The last short session afforded a remarkable exhibition of the power of a strong Ministry. The declared opponents of the Government made such a miserable show that there were seldom more than two or three members 011 the benches usually occupied by the leaders of the Opposi tion. 'The " old hat" party, who were cherishing in their secret hearts a deadly resentment against Sir James M'Culloch for leaving them out of his restored Cabinet, still sat about the Ministerial side of the House, biding their time ; and the Constitutionalists, not willing to ally themselves with the ghost of an Opposition that had taken possession of the left-hand benches, had disposed of themselves below the gangway, some on the one side of the House, and some on the other. Now, however, it is understood that there is to be no more dissembling on the part of the left- eff colleagues of Sir James, but that all whom he did not consider good enough to bring back with him to power are to show liim that this want of discernment on his part is incompatible with any further con tinuance of their confidence in him as a Chief Secretary and a statesman. Thus the future Opposition is to consist — firstly, of the Macpher- son Ministry minus Mr. Macpherson ; _ and secondly, of the former M'Culloch Ministry, minus two or three of the leading members. These two factions hate each other as cordially as can be desired, but they have a common enmity against the man who consigned them both to the eold shades of opposition, and that is enough. With these will be allied the ultra-Protectionists, in fact the latter will merge pretty freely into one or other of the two former, and the Con stitutionalists will probably have to stand between the Ministry and both classes of ultras in order to preserve something like good and respectable government. The Ministry will at all events be in little danger from all the foes that are likely to be confronted by them in the new Assembly. The arrival of the Queen of the Thames, steam ship, had been looked for during the past fort night, as according to previous advices she was to bave sailed about the 15th November. The non- receipt of mail telegrams with the month's budget of news imparted a very considerable degree of interest to the details brought by the English files on board of the Queen of the Thames to the. 20th November, and these extracts had the effect of greatly allaying anxiety in regard to the apprehended involvement of England, with either llussia or America, especi ally the latter country. Having the ipsissima verba of Prince Gortschakoff before us, we were in a better position to judge of the supposed im minence of a- rupture with his Government ; and as to the Alabama claims, and the threats of America, there really appeared to be be very little that was new. Some of the incidents of the Franco-Prussian war we had the opportunity of reading, in anticipation of the arrival of the Avoca's papers, but these glimpses of the state of matters in France only serve to confirm previous impressions as far as the hopelessness of the French cause was concerned. The " Queen of the Thames " has been regarded as an ovani-cowrier of the proposed steam service by way of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Press generally seem to regard the experiment as a suc cess. .She has not accomplished the run in forty- five dayB, as some people predicted, but she has randa a splendid run of fifty-five days and a few hours, including about three days' stoppages on the way. The voyage extended over 12,321 knots, which were done at an average of ten knots the hour— the run from the Sound being made in the unprecedentedly quick time of 113 hours. She is a magnificent vessel, and is spoken of by her pas sengers as one of the best and most comfortable ships afloat. Some of her officers are well known in Melbourne and Sydney, having been trans ferred from Australian ships. Considerable inte rest attached to the fact that the Queen of the Thames was fitted with compound engines on the newest principle, including Skinners patent steering apparatus. Mr. Francis referred to this in Parliament as one reason why we should not commit ourselves to any new postal service until we saw the capabilities of these engines tested. She is said to consume a good deal less coal than steam ships of the same size fitted with the ordi nary engines. Her tonnage is 2600, and the engines of 400 horse power. The consumption of coals is said to have been at the rate of 20 tons jper day. Whether the advent of this vessel will . give new vigour to the Cape route project or not, eau scarcely be predicted. She will, however, undoubtedly add somewhat to the data already to hand on which to deal with the question. The excuse often made for the conduct of con stituencies in returning unsuitable men to Par liament has been that really eligible men have not been available. The Payment of Members' Act appears, at all events, to be removing this diffi culty ; for, although it is impossible to speak in terms of admiration of some of the persons who . are eager for the honour and the pay of a popular representative, yet it cannot be denied that amongst the luxuriant crop of candidates whose Leads have already appeared above the surface there is a more than ordinary number of men of intelligence and character. Under these circumstances (as the Argus pointed out a few days ago) it is now less the candidate Hian the constituency that is upon trial; as to the manner in which the trust reposed in the latter will be fulfilled. The country has now conferred upon every constituency the power of appropriating £900 per man for its representatives (assuming that the jParliament will last for three years), and if they are not limited in their choice to corrupt or incapable candidates, they should be held responsible for the manner of men they select. We shall see whether this kind of moral responsibility has any practical recognition on the part of the constituencies. Our defensive works have been proceeding with considerable vigour, although very quietly, and nearly the whole of our heavy guns are now in position. It appears that our military authorities are not in favour of utilising the 32- pounders for the batteries, bo that our stock of these and other guns of small calibre remain in reserve. We have not, in fact, mounted all our 68-pounders. Sample torpedoes have been manufactured in Melbourne, which seem likely to be effective, and a complete torpedo service for the harbour will shortly be arranged. !3o far as any attempt at invasion by Port Phillip Bay is concerned we shall probably Lave little cause to fear, and it is only by the Larbour that we have Hitherto considered that any danger existed. A reverend Presbyterian volunteer, of Ballarat, has, however, doue a good fleal to create apprehension as to the possibility of a laud attack from a small army of invaders. He writes to the paper to suggest how easy it would be for a force of 5000 men, armed with fareechloading rifles and a fair proportion of artil lery to land upon any part of our coast and march upon Melbourne, and then, he asks, what chance would 3000 men armed with muzzleloaders (which is all he thinks we could muster) have against these 5000 breechloaders 1 He therefore considers that wo want at least 15,000 men armed with the Martini-Henry, or some equally efficient rifle, and thoroughly trained to the use of the weapon, and that with a less numerous force we should be powerless against an invader. This gentleman, however, loses sight of the fact that any such force as lie speaks of, lauding we will say at Western Port, or Portland, would be so decimated before they could reach Melbourne that if they once got into the city they would have but small chance of getting out again, or of failing back with safety upon the transports from which they had landed. Our friendly Intercolonial contests appear to he going altogether against our Sydney friends this season. At chess, at cricket, and at boating we had previously come off victors, and now we have won the rifle match. At the same time there is nothing in it to boast of, for the numbers were exceedingly close, and we cannot forget that the challenge shield is irrevocably the property of Sydney, and that at present there is nothing else ol a substantial kind to reward the victors. It is to be regretted that the firing could not be at the same targets, for any other arrangement must fail in the essential requisite of equality. On this occasion, however, to all appearance, the inequality was altogether adverse to the Vic torians. The Sydney men had fine weather at Paddington, while the Victorians had one of the worst days of the season, heavy squalls of wind and rain beating across their range during the whole of the firing, and most of them were shooting on ground as strange to them as that of another colony, for our Melbourne and Suburban marksmen arc not often at Castlemaine, where the firing came off. It is extremely gratifying to find such splendid scores made on both sides, at a time when additional importance seems to attach to the' keeping alive the ardour of our Volunteer com panies, for after all it is to the men that we must primarily look for an effective defence of our shores, although good weapons are also essential to success. The liussiau complication about the neutrality of the Black Sea has forced upon some of our politicians a train of thought in reference to our federation schemes which had not perhaps before occurred to them. In some quarters it has been urged that the first step even before separation — should be the neutralisation of the colonies in time of war ; and there are some who still believe in the possibility of some such arrangement ; but the present state of matters in Europe in connection with the treaty for the neutralisation of the Euxine seems to show that the peace of the neutralised waters may be brokeu very readily, and that it would not do to trust implicitly to any compact for the isolation of Sydney, Mel bourne, and Adelaide while war raged around us. There seems, in fact, to be no middle course between continuing a' part of the great British Empire with all its responsibilities and its advan tages, and becoming petty helpless States, liable to be bullied ou any pretext, or punished for some accidental or unintentional provocation of a great fighting Power. 