LOCA ND GENERAL NEWS. In consequence ofLhe wire havning been down be tween Toowoomba ad Wearick last evening weoare without our usual telegraphie intelligence from the neighbouring colonies. The declaration of the poll for We?S Moreton electorate will take place to-day, at the Court-house, Ipswich, at 12 o'clock. Afurther magisterial inquiry is to be held touching the recent death of George Graham, who was found dead at a watertole near the Three-mile Cheek, as there seems to be a faintiatospicion of foul play in the matter. . 0 Tihe following air ;entlemen were nominated on Thursday for the ofice 1f Auditor of the.Muniojpa accounts :-IMesnrn. Deeberry, Ransome, Jenki/ Norris, Beattie, and i??hi?eroy. The elemoton take plaoo next Thursda. ' 'P1 A very melancholy occurrence took place on Thurse day aveninsg last at Bremer Oreek, about ?lfeen piles rons Ipswich, by which a youlng and vigorosl' man came suddenly to his death. It appears?that one" Jbso O'Helrn, aged twenty-two years, was en~·gage?t ith a brother ploughing, and at the close of the day orsedcdedbdo.isnyokeone of the working..bulloelis, vlbch had lain down apparenti?. l ulking. O*i sooner halshe beast's hIead been loied. than he got up apd van'at O'Rearn, who was unable?to getnut gf his way, and the poor fellow was knockedteon by the bullock, and then lifpd again an theesresed animal's horns, one of wbieh enltered his thoat, under the chin, and csit the wind-pipelean aeruoss. ~s brother ran at once to bin asitdnei h?bt the injured man was unablesto. ,eak,, an(daed in a few minutes after?-?ie ftl?wI blood from the opening in? i throsa?vlsaring been very great-in spiteplf all'he eoste of his brother toatop it. The Poli Magistrato, aoompanied by Dr. Dorsey, proceeded to~ the loeality esterday morning, end held an inquiry into the shockisig circumstances of tho~ase, and gave auaader for the interment of the bohdly, after having heard the evidence of Rhody O'lHearn, thebthe brother of deceased. The dece s a native ofeTipperary, Ireland, and ?bad been n rs in the colony lie was.much respectede n a sequaintances,iand the grief of isis many rellif"is most dist~feiEg'ind uncontrollabli. A co?ieaspondent in the Upper Brisbane River dis-. trict seEls us the following :''_?l?' ing here.on Tuesday passed off very quet e ber, whp polled (ightyifour) be?.g aoistWle esat or. former il0tionsenhis i a proof that settlent is going on rapidly in tuinsistrict, and that the in .it ants take a lielyb4iterest in theeonduct of thE" re preseoutatives. Thtirge majority for the bunbch, I am sure, is principally owing to their advocacy of roads in prefereine to railway expenditure. .fi were very* n eros inquiries why none of the 'candidates habd fa td i' with their presence, md affordedp.a? iprtuty of putting a few questions to thMi tfiab was a mistake1 peape they will takeThe ant~d and ttend utiit? next elittion. I also hope thbe i?uies (ehoever.. they mnsy who supplied some thing stronger than water wJ,?~6 the hint and keep it at home in future. . eajs tion for aplouohing match is being got up, Mi.?ernor?ng as aeeratn aryi A?mecgahrubscriptions have been Abtsained, and thie affair promises to be a enacce@ The road through the ecru si very bad owing to the.ridn ;swiil have to-be 'metalled before it is of use iotet weaither." ..:e d it the Police Court yest¶y the only ease on charge-ehewas thataga~a James M'Gawc Samuel Theron, for personating an eleeto?t he'? Ipswieh election bn the 22nd instant. Mr. nabb, for the prosecutio, d he.s appeared on 6bealf of sereral persoe , who considered tht" their rights as electors?p protected, and thatsome thing oos?? n? so'w that they could not be robbed a,? se g2ite:ith impunity, ?s had been attempted to;be done.byShe defendant. Since, h~. erver, the latt ad .beitoonfno4or some time inbe lock-up, da allo for rehltionc-which would most likel) isth eet of stakintg him less foolish in future, most proitably deter others from practising same trick-he.would notoffer any evidenceinithe case, as it ] desi?Sto make an examiple, Anl to have th the matteof underatoud. ahe Bench conseque barged the d en rn tale being forth jasihim.. T h? ,vewpuort of th e.pwieh Hospit?. fortho j? .drsday, July 27 :--ReBianlng, last , d.sitted since, 2cnales 1 female; di-: ha emale" remaining in hoapit4 19 tal, 25; out-door patients, 17. lopitl Committee request us to sacknlmoew , with thanks, the receipt of a bag of sngar esa t. thbe Ipwi culturalhor by.the' supein?n t of the .tenal establishmen. On Sun st, at Ozley VrelkOhprch, the Bight Rev. Dr. Tufnell, Bishop of Brisbhn;, administered the rite'of ppfirmation to fourteen ypging persons?4 Most o we flags in Briebane were on Weds half-meast high, as a token of respeet to Mr . Hart, O.E.. who hals just passed from.m) Mr. Hart has, been a'resident of QueiA' last ten years, and weas pngs.ged withtMr;f ibi in the construction of the Southernmnd W Beailtway. He has also superintended ia_' public works ii the colony, and betodeh ito - fession. Ae a pti-ate citizen he endeared himsej' a very large circle of friends, and in every relation of life was a pattern man:. The cause of death was con sumption of old standing. He leaves a widow and four young children to mourn their loss. The funeral of the deceased gentleman took place on Thursday afternoon, adwasaveryimpositgspeetacle. The Masonicfrktei nity musteredstrong, aboout 100 br tt;henbeing present in the costume of the order. TheJodges of the Irish Constitution, of which Mr.'Hart was a member, were very strongly represented, and a number of lodges of the Scottish Constitution apd Jipglish Constitution also attend?dl,'~ he remains of the de eased were first placed in .th~o io'Hall, Al(irt.-atieet, at helf- past 8, where theeshAul Masonic service for a dead brother took place.. The coffin was then place I in the hearse, and the procession formed, thensrioes lodges aalking two deep to thee emetery. tishh'uitb of England burial service was read in $he Mortoar g hapel by thbe RevP. Agnew,.after which the body was talken to the v, and the Masonico service was read by the Master oge of which the d deased was a membet thren fio-med a age e-ole round the gra? r neaking Walri da ,thrjem with a dacts, apen thsbdffie4 arpbssaon then re admsreh~itd We 'tt~4osup:I'0n.--err On Tuesday afternoon Me .f Thomas Lawson, of Pine Riser, in the f her husband, fell in the fire and was nnavily It seems eshe is subject to epileptic L z, anD t ' and, for that reason, never went furthle r froTrhe house than be could help. He heard her( Croans, and ruesh ing into the house found her envelop, ad in lames, the front portion .f her dress being e ompletely burnt away. Sheawa taken'o the hospital ontedneaday, when it was found -thathber right are I was very much charred beyoti$:the $hbow; the lef t itrm was also burnt. butnot t3e nsively. She h. as also two burns on the abdomen. The housei-surgeo n, Dr. Jaap, st tided to thoewounds, and the poc ,r woman is in a fair way to recovery.-Rlid. Something almost like a.ghost st ory, but' svhich, newertheless, seems tobe tolL by a ca utions intell igent obeerver, has bees exbeitiasome atti rtion at Str nth albyn,' and is thus relaed to the .Southern Arguas by Mr. W. T. Tregi.lgasC ' 11hilte teins a walk vi t2y early one morning, ctlhusgs some aoot.ire which I ca n not account for, I was snd-e4 -to saalk through tL t\e burying.ground, * omtagi -19inr.grave surroaibdel I by a wall, and moared wiatbseb oaPFlte, I seiaed on the elate something strange.i It seas acarcely.ligl.4 enough to see .distinetlyat first but naterptict abs i tew minutes, I could see it plainly, ar id it pes . be a side view of a female. I eoulc I distlbl t the head and body ans the skirts, ap s JU size. Not being satisefled with the sig ht Irbb y hand on the forpis~'tsddound that palrtion if]he slate was perfecydry, whilst the pi uti outside the form were veryi at tb'thle dew w biebhid 'fallen; and still not .being,.dtitfied, I we dkled:wayraaL& came back in ab?otbtefeen" or twelt y iainutes after, and still the form was there; so I d etermis?i? uspons visiting it again next morning, whiel I did, aid con tinued doing so foraweek oi- more. Ti urisig this time I only saw the form once after the first caorning5; b ut not being a believerin tmlpernatoraeap ppearaaesoe tried to define the cause, biIled. 1 the eson8aea 0 coD versstion I told Mr. Mblton what I had seen, an d he visited the place and saw the fores, although ao t so plain asit w?se when I saw it. lIae form ?a to be seen, and istjs been since seen 'by othere. Now~. I beliePvqlreasisome natural cause which piUlioes tl lie strange appearane, and perhaps some?person upon reas . ing this will be able to satisfy the minds of tb~hse wh o have seen it, for although many things have been ad vanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem astisfaectory to my mind and thoseewho have brn eye. witnesses of the eight." Of a similar c?arse.f~' ter is the following extraordinary story, which is given in the Court Journal of 6th May:-, AIll hae read with lhorror of the barbarous murder committed on a young ialextremely wcll-f?qoured giurl--hhild, one might say--nigh on 17 years old, at Eltham, in eoit.,Thb painful subject is referred to it coneea qmanesof af ery entraurd'is?'mircumte?aece connected ith tbe rgiale d?e.?t ,_ iel eir ired at Gay's Kosptal at o lonk ? y nigdt. A doctor, a muroe, an4Tldetecticvh. sn were ins iY?room aW thefltmsaand theyall itai it? tetliat at the wery moment of her decease the'faefa man appeared at the window close to the bed oin ?lh themairdered girl lay. This mystceriolas Sppritiaon disappeal as soa?'ui*e policeman appri6iAhdl the window, which, y the way, is about fj. from the ground. Of course -s me ws o ens the There w ore-a the waindowr ocindtde rith id froei bY?y a ladder and ladLer there ne noss;""?i . 