i : ONE'S PRIVATE FOXES. The condemnation of the sensational no velists does not lie in their extravagance, biiti in their clumsiness. Their materials are right enough, like tho. Frenchman's plum- pudding, hut they are not properly handled. It augurs very little knowledge of tho world to suppose that all society is as it seems to he on tho surface, and that those highly res- pectaule lauic3 antl gentlomen whom one meets everywhere are just as one sees them in friendly di awing rooms, with no history to speak of ; that 110 secrets of a doubtful kind -stand like ghosts bet ween husband and wife .as they smile to each other across the dinner table ; that when Miss Lucy returns from, her solitary walk in the gardens, no memory of a stolen meeting flushes her fair , face with a brighter glow as she endures her little brother with uuwonted amia- bilily, and Sings papa's favourite songs without too mucli reluctance. Every now and then, when tho concealing harriers break down, and the world is ad mitted to see the interior of its neighbor's gardens, a cry of condemnation goes through it, and people who have substantially the same skeletons stowed away in their own outhouses hold up their hands in pious hor ror as the bones are unearthed and exposed to public view ; and thoso whose vitals are at this moment being consumed by foxes out of the same nest, when they learn thehistory of their neighbor's secret pains say with "wondering faces, "How could they havo borne their lives, . knowing what they did, and deceiving us. as they did?"— tho truth being, that we all, save a few. exceptions,- have onr own foxes gnawing at us beneath our cloaks : only we agree to carry on the cheat, and not to turn king's evi dence against each other. When by chance one of us drops his cloak and discloses tho fox, the rest feel them- selves bound to be as indignant as if the thing wore unparalleled. It is difficult Bometimes, however, to keep steady when one hears Satan rebuking sin ; when worthy magistrates are loftily outraged at some piece of ordinary iniquity as common as autumn leaves ; when a rogue, with a con science as easy as an old glove, discusses tho 'demerits of a knave whoso honor is not quite so close- fitting as wax. It is the way of the world ; the pact with hypocrisy society is forced to make, so long as it. is considered the right thing to keep the appearances of things in their present condition. But apart from the moral slips and secret sins of which most of us are unhappily con- scious, and to Hide which from the prying eyes of tho world we bear so muoh with such Bad fortitude, we all have onr foxes of sorrow, of unknown pain, of hidden, per, plexities and anxieties, gnawing at lis leisurely, while we make ourselves to look enviable in the eyes of our fellowmcn, and assist with serene courage at pleasures which are tortures. ' If we play our part well, no one guesses at what we arc hiding. Indeed, were we to say that such and such a fox was at this moment eating its way to oiir very vitals,, the sceptical would think we were romancing, to give oiirsolves interesting airs, and the unsympathetic would assume a fault where we had indicated a sorrow. Wives just beginning to question the character of their husbands' relations with their most intimate friend, but obliged as yet to receive her 'with all accustomed cordiality, to be seen with her in publio, to make much of her in privato — have they no fox under their shining satin olothes ? — no sharp white - teeth 1 -striking into their hearts while they smile and kiss and say kind words, and' go ont to balls and'parties radiant and delightful? Men. whose affairs are going wrong, and to whom it is a matter of > life and death to keep up appearances to the last moment, what do you think they are biding when they give their grand entertain? ments, telling their best stories, making their funnioBt jokes, laughing their loudoBt laughB, all tho whilo their fox is biting deeper and deeper, . and every moment brings them nearer to tho inevitable cud when they must fail, and in their failure confess all ? And men — and women too — who are beginning to realise tho dreadful fact that their whole life is a gigaiitie failure, that they havo missed their way once and for all, and that the splo thing left to them now is to bear their sorrow so that'." no one shall see it — to hide their foxes under thoir cloaks so that no "one shall suspect the burden they carry — what sharpness of secret pain H not theirs, while Ui'>y listen graciously to the story of pueri!? troubles homo impatiently, and give sym- pathy for pin-priclvB. The sensational novelists are right, if nlso wrong. We are not all murderers, or forgers, or bigamists, as they make out, hut most of us have a certain thread of tragic romance woven in with the dull commonplace of our lives, which tho world at largo (foes not bee ; and whoso has a Beorct, personal or belong- ing to tho family — a secret which it would damage liim to havo known — carries a fox under his cloak. Theso secrets arc of all kinds, and but few of us esoape tho posses sion of ono or the other. Tho grave holds sonie that will not bear think ing of - some for which we are thankful that it cannot give back its dead ; the madhouse others to . which the world has lost the clue, hut which always remain as a kind of ghastly background to every thing else in one's life. Some wander about strange lands under other names thau their own, because they dare not bo known under their own ; and others are wiped out of social life altogether, members of a family which itself has cast them off, saying "tliey nrn dnnrl " lioniTiiBrt +.hAV fin tlAfc nhnrtSG to confess that thoy are disgraced. Theso and more than theso, our own faults and follies, our mistakes and our disappointments, are' foxes whoso cruel teeth tear for ever at our heartstrings ; but though we all know such things of ourselves and'our intimates, and hear occasionally of tho same, with others, we all agree to live as if there wero no secrets in society worth speaking of, and as if foxes were 110 worso to carry than so many playful puppies. All tliis gives the world a strange, phantasmagoric, unreal kind of appearance to those who dare to examine and to think. What is truo among this heap of make- believes by whom we aro surrounded? Who is rosl ? and whose happiness is more than a pretty fable— a cloak rather thicker in substance, and more richly worked than his neighbor's? "To suffer and bo strong." Thoy aro mournful words enough, a melan choly kind of motto for one s life, but one sees little else ahead; and atloast the con sciousness of one's own foxes ought to make us tolerant an,d pitiful when cloaks fall off from our neighbor's shoulders, and we see the havoc theirs' have made. — Pall Mall Budget. . Count Moltke has given notice that ho will make a line of fortifications to guarantee against all attack the occupied provinces of France until the indemnity is fully paid and a regular Government firmly established. General Early, one of the most distin guished of the Confederate generals, has recently been admitted to the bar at Rich mond. Virginia, and is now practising law in. that city. 