A MAGICIAN AT CHILTERN. Dr. Rohner has been again lecturing on spiritism at Chiltern. According to his own. account he mnst be looked upon as a modern Cagliostro or as another Cornelias Agrippn, Tho following report of tho lecture is from tho Ovens and Murray Advertiser of the 19th September : — The lecturer looked upon the resuscitation of tho child of the Shunammito woman by Elisha as exhibiting the prophet's power as a spiritist. Death is usually preceded by a state of lethargy, from which tho subject of it may be recovered by a violent shock, or a stroDg effort of will, and ft was by this means and the power of magnetism that Elisha had worked. The lecturer then alluded to some of tho miracles of the New Testament. He spoke of Jesus Christ as tho Great Magician ; the only God-man he had ever known ; the only Jew he had ever loved. In reviewing the miracle where Christ after his resurrection appeared to his apostles, and disappeared suddenly from amongst them, the door being closed, tho doctor said it was not a spirit that appeared to the dis ciples, but real flesh and blood. How tbo Teal body of the Saviour could vanah as stated in tho scriptures, ho would not oxplain to them, but he could de so. He could not reveal them without the permission of his fellow-magicians. It would be death to him to communicate the knowledge he possessed, and were ho to do so a largo increase of the .police force in Chiltern would bo neoessary ; nothing was more dangerous than to impart such mysteries tothe uninitiated and theigno- ranfc. In a lotter Dr. Rohner says What impoverished, atrophied brains these poor Crookes, Coxes, and Hngginses, &c.;, must havo not to be ablo to find out tho mysteries of the organisation of Mr. D. D. Home ! They ought to be ashamed of the flattering but false appellations, as applied to them, of men of scienoc, and especially doctors. The best doctors in all human history havo been magicians. The headless spectre 1 saw on Sunday night, 27th August, was, I am now credibly informed, tho ghost of JohnM'Callum, a portion of whoso skull is still in my posses sion, and which he is supposed to have come to claim from me at last " 