SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. by the 1 110(1 l.obitk. ' it lias pleased the opponents of tho Minis try , both in and out of tho House, to hold up to ridicule the enunciation at Mr. Gavan Duffy at Kyneton, tnat the policy of the now government was to he one of action. Several times during the recent debates, woulcl-bo witty members have adorned their ex tremely mild elocutionary efforts by quoting thm saying, whether pertinent or not to tho subject under discussion. Tho effect of tho proceedings, however, of last evening, will pro- nibly prove, not only to tho members of Honse but to tho country at largo, that the words used by the Chief Secretary were well weighed before they wove uttered— for what can ho a more complete answer to tho sucercrs than to point out that the present Ministry brought down to tho House a now tariff, containing some startling alterations, on tho 1st of August, aud in spite of tho attempts of a factious few, actually obtained the assent of the House to all its items (with one or two unimportant excep tions) by tho 9th of the samo month, whilst tho lion. Mr. Francis, With all his prestige as a commercial au thority, introduced his abortivo sehemo on the IGth of May, and had the pleasure of having it returned on his hands ou tho 14th of the following month. No ono who was present during tho pro ceedings of last evening can doubt that a tacit agreement had been made between tho members of the free-trade party that they should ono after aoothor air their eloquence by holding forth on tho apodal beauties of their pet theory. Even Mr. Fellows was in duced to take part in the discussion, whilst Mr. W. Stephen also favored tho Houso with another of hi3 eccentric har angues. As Mr, ..Yale , fureshadowod, at an early hour, an allianoe"had beon enterod into between tho Opposition and the small band of free-traders who occupy the Oppo sition corner, to throw every obstruction iu the way of tho Government passing tlio ad valorem duties. - With this view, Mr. Francis suggested tho introduction of measurement levied ditties in lieu of ad valorem, but al though a good many of the loquacious mem bers of tho Houso had their say, yet there conld be no doubt that the majority viewed the whole proceeding of this new alliance with feelings both of distrust and suspicior, which combined at a later period of the even, ing to materially increase the strength of the Ministry. At ono timo during the opon- ing hour tho lion, member for Rich mond seemed inclined to open up tho quarrel of the previous evening, hut lortunatoly for tho House, ho was in duced to hold the matter over for another occasion. Tho real question if whether or not tho House was in favor of the proposed tariff submitted bv the Ti ffMHI'M \lino A n /a." I (led beyond all doubt by the majority which the Government obtained on the second item of the ad valorem duties, which it was agreed to take as a test point by which tho fate of the twenty per cent duties should be either affirmed or disallowed. And it must lie as much a matter of sincere congra tulation to the Government — this adoption of their polioy .-ie a whole — as it was a lesson to those who occupy the Opposition benches, that they had forfeited entirely the coufidcnco both of the Honse aud the country. The ghosts of tho futuro which some lion, mem bers indulged in raising— though clothed in rags, caused by tho loss of' the Riverine trade, and pictured as wan bring through tlie colossa! but tenantless stores of our soft goods importers— Failed to strike terror into the hearts of the proteutinmsts, any morethau the predicted desertion of certain mansions at Toorak, by their present detiiaeus, for the more beautiful, scenery of .Sydney Harbor, or tile warmer oliiiint.i of J'ort Adelaide ; for, amidst loud applause, on the tell- tale division, the chairman pronottnet d a ma jority in favor of the Ministry of Action of I sixteen. The general business of the evening com menced by Mr. Stewart asking of tho Minister f„r Lauds :f lie would reduce the rents of tenants under the 49th section of the Land Act of 1SG9. In reply. Mr. Grant stated that hn intended to give ' the 'same advantages to these tenants as to those wins occupied land under the ,'ilst clause of the Act. Mr- haivTH obtained a promise of an official inquiry from tlio Chief Secrotavy into the conduct of Senior-constable Jesse, on the recommendation of the Crown Law officers, although the Commissioner of l'olice had not thought it necessary. Mr. Casey was promired an opportunity of bringing iu the Permissive Bill as soon as possible. Tlio Minister of Minks stated that there wore 55 feet of water in Stony Creek on the IStli July. In answer to Mr. Mackay, Mr. M'Lei.- i.an painted out how extremely touchy tho lion, member was ou the doings of the Water Supply department. Although he must de cline for the present to furnish the informa tion asked, tho House would liavo full opportunity of going into tho matter, when Colonel Sankey's report' was placed on tho table. Mr. iviritrman asked whether the bark was to remain on redgum piles ? The Mi nister of Works said order hod been given to that effect- Mr. F. L. Smyth proposed to have Fri day as a day to clear the business paper. Mr. Duffy rose to call attention to tho fact that on the previous eveniDg tho hon. member for Richmond had stated that ho (Mr. Daffy) had charged him and the hon. member for Morning ton personally with having oommisted dishonorable acta while in office, at which tho hen: member for Rich mond, as tho father of a family, hatl felt hurt. He wished to explain that lie was utterly unconscious of having ever implied any thing ot tho kind. Indeed ho did not know what the hon. member referred to. Since lie had been a Minister lio had made but two speocbes, and bo had read these carefully through twice that day, but lie could cer- tainty noa uiscover at what tho hon. mem ber was aiming. He said this now, in order that when the hon. gentleman came to ad- drcB8 himself to tho general linauoial schome of tho Government, ho might be ablo to jus tify tho position he .had taken up by facts taken from his speech. . . Mr. 'Francis did not think tho Argus would waste time in reporting his' speeches. (I agrco with him.) - He intended to take an opportunity of placing tho matter before tho House. With respect' to tho introJ notion of tho Victorian Raoing Club Bill, . tho Chief Secretary wished the Standing Orders Committee to first have the matter uuder their consideration, I'll nlj of New South, Wales Amendment Bill. — 5fl'. FfiJSCIS requested that the ro-ort of tho Select Committee he now taken into consideration. . . < Tho Treasurer wished to havo tho Bill postponed for a week. Mr. Francis had no objection, of .course, but lie trusted the Treasurer wmild givo his attention to the Bill in the interim. i Sir Jam lis M'Cuw.ocii asked ifa committee was to be appointed generally to consider the Banking question. : . i . - The Treasurer promised tho uiost earnest, consideration of the subject by . the Govern ment, Tho actual form tlio inquiry would take had not yet beeii fully, determined on,: hut stens would lie takeii ' in 'the matter beforothe olose of tho'. session, ! Tariff i On tho prop'esition -'that brush- ware and wickerware stand part of the sche dule, 7 , :;;r The Treasurer, statedthat very, few new articles had been introduced into tho Tariff as most of them had already appeared undor tho head of 5, 74, 10, and 124 Pcr 0 11 13, and his object was to simplify tho tariff. Tho free list would contain all raw material, tho 10 per cent what might bo termed pro gress material, or what required further labor expended upon it, whilst tho 20 per cents should contain all completed or finished articles, Tho hon. member then enumerated tho alterations proposed by tho Government to bo made in tho tariff before the House, and also the additions which it was proposed to add to tho list of exemptions. Mr. Harker proposed to wait until the information promised on certain articles was beforo tho Houso. Tho Treasurer said that when the articles referred to came ou ho would consider tho hon. member fur Collingwond's proposal. Mr. Langton wauteil to know liow tho Government were going to prevent goods being smuggled over tho Murray, and what stops they would take to prevent it. The Treasurer stated that he thought tho importance of settling tho tariff was far before tho consideration of tho Murray duties, moro particularly as thi3 treaty would terminate oarly next yoar. Mr. Lancston still persisting iti stating that some lminenso lo-s would aecrno to tho rovonue if the Treasurer d il not take some particular steps to prevent it. The Treasurer said that he was there to- statu that if it was found that the Custom house duties wore being evaded, stops would lie taken at once to -atop the matter — treaty or no treaty — bub he believed the matterwas a ,TInrray ghost of the hon. member's. Mr. Vale followed, and trusted that the Ministry would be firm, for be saw in the preliminary obiGctions tlmh if. smo a » innj to light for every single point on the ad valorem duties. Sir James M'Cui.looii of course violently opposed Mr. Vale's views of the case (who interjected " Are you in the plant?") He would vote against every 20 per cent, duty Mr. Loncmore showed that tho hon. mem ber for Morningtou bad arguorl on a wrong basis. If the merchants of Melbourne or others wished to rob the revenue of Victoria then tho treaty must be set nside. ' Mr. Kerfbrd said a few words. Mr. Vale, in an inoisivesneeoh, showed the style of action which might bo probably ex pected from tbo late Chief Secretary, and tho reasons which had induced this. Tho Treasurer explained moro fiil'y the treaty. Mr. G. V. Smith followed, and Mr. Lang- ton having again replied, Tho Treasurer roso to explain that in stead of its being a qiiesrinn one way or other of revenue, it was simply an effort by the hon. member to obtiin time. Mr. Duffy pointed out charly what was tho real meaning of the treaty existing between this colony and New South Wal-? and showed that it was quite within the scope of tho powers held by both consenting parties, to terminate tho t renty . Mr. Coiien said a fow words. Mr. Francis suggested tho introduction of measurement duties for ad valorem, and wanted a committee to be appointed to tako evidence. The Treasurer declined to accept tho Mr. Vale opposed the substitution of measurement for ad valorem dutiesl which, ' ho considered, was tho true protective view, to tako of tho question. dYith reipeot to fraudulent invoices, ho 'suggested Ithat it should bo treated as felonyi" ' Mr. Langton stated. tl'iat iu New York tlie evasions of tbo Customs revenue were done under the sanction of the . collectors, who made large fortunes out of the plunder. Mr. Duffy said that the proposal of the Government was, that when the House had expressed their views on the subjec:, they had no objection to appoint. a board of ex ports, who would bo nli).- to'fepmt sooio- tbing worthy of attention ; but the proposi tion of the hon. member f..r iUohuiond was one that be had nn confidence in. " Mr. Fellows siid that be iliil not under- stand finance, and that it was noi use to argue the question of protection mid free- trade, so he iice-pted the situation. The prophecy of Sir iUnrv Darkly,' that a ilnv would eoino when the Legislative Assembly of this country would bu askcil for a larger amount of protection, anil then they would not havo the moral courage to resist it, had come true. Mr. Francis offered some further re marks, in which he stated that seme of the persons who were now asking for the mea surement duties had signed a petition against thorn. Mr. Ts. T». SMfpir ent.7 !«« « free-trader as any one, but ho wbhed all to start fair ; but they were not in equal running condition with lioglainl, so he tnoughs the time for free- trade here had not arrived. Mr. G. V, Smith said that tho hon. mem ber for St. K'lda (Mr. Fellows) had eoinc back to lis much as the Bourbons came back to France, but lie didn't believe that he could be improved. Mr. \Y. Stephen followed in his usual strain, and wound up by moving that pro gress bo reported. Mr. Duffy said the lion, member for St. Kilda bail favored tho House with ono of his usual eccentric harangues, and evidently did not comprehend the question before the Houso. Mr. Stephen acknowledged ho did not. If tlio lion, member would give him his attention for a few moments he thought he might lw able to enlighten him ou 'the subject. The question really was not" whether tbero should l,e any difference iu the duty to be paid, but tiic way in which it should be leviod ; for instance, one per son liked to have sovereigns weighed, another counted; but Still, if the payment is to bo, say tweuty sovereigns, whether it is paid by weight or counted, the fact of its being the payment of £20 ia all thai it is required. Now, this wn9 the situation of the G. . vermnent. If tho mercantile community pr(- ferred measurement, and could show good cause to allow il without affecting the revenue, tho matter might bo entertained. Mr. Coiien read a petition from certain traders iu soft goods, praying for the sub stitution of measurement for ad valorem duties. Mr. Burrows pointed nnt tho evasions of the ad valorem duties might be prevented by assimilating our laws to those in Canada, which made a statutory (lerlarati n of value necessary, the mitintlifiiliiess of which would lie punishable as perjury. Mr. j. jones considered that tbero were just as large interests other than the soft- goods firms who had petitioned tho country, and lio brought forward a letter from a dog ger of Ballarat, who said that tlio 20 per cent, duties would destroy his trade, but how the hon. gentleman did not say. Mr. Woods, as a Lancashire man, clialleu-. god the hon. member to show how liis friend tho ologmaker was to be ruined, but without obtaining a response. Mr. Patterson, although lie was against tho 20 per cent, duties, wanted to soo some work done, and nut to waste the whole evening in useless talk. Mr. Harker, in accordance with a notice he had previously given, intended now to liiovo that the item now before tlio com- mitteo ho 10 per cent., and lie would take the first decision as the final one, and sub mit to whatever decision tho majority of tho House might arrive at. Mr. Wilson offered a few remarks, amid much confusion, arising from the wish of hon. members to divide ou tho question at once. Mr. Macgrecor wanted to know how much would bo the difference, between 10 per cent, proposed by Mr. Harker and 20 per cent, proposed by the Treasurer, as a matter of, revenue, and, being told that it .would amount to about ,i'S5,O00 on tho whole list, he said he could net see haw the committee could agree to the hon. member for .Colling? wood's proposition. . , Mr. vale pointed out that some of tlio ex- Ministerialists had refused to be bound by Mr. Barker's proposal, and, therefore, he wishfed to warn the protectionists against their being deceived in the matter. Mr. Macpiierson could not see his way to voto for tho 20 percent. ; ho said the pro position was monstrous, but wanted a re turn to Mr. Francis's old tariff. Mr. Berry replied that tho object of the tariff was to givo employment to the hun dreds of starving men, who were now walk ing about our streets unable to get work. Mr. Francis again interposed, although the wish of the House was for the question being at onco put. Colonel Champ said that if hon. mem bers went on talking .till Christmas, no one would altor the opinion of their fellow mem bers. Ho should voto with the Government on protection principles. Mr. Keufbiii) refused to take it as a tost question. Tho first item was passed. Mr. Harker moved the second item be lOner cent. Tho Houso divided For the Government 42 Against 26 .Majority for the Government... 16 Tho result of tho .division was received loud applause. Several artioloB were passed without dis cussion. On Mr. Fellows moving that agricultural implements ho struok out, Mr. James opposed tho amendment. Mr. Cope occupied the lime of the com mittee iu offering some very wearisome talk, which produced— after the amusement which was caused between himself and ,Mr. Zeal— a general feeling of nausea . ' Mr. Gavan Duffy called attention to tho fact that the discussion opened up was out of order. Mr. Levies would support tho Govern ment. Mr. Lobb wanted thrashing machines' exempted. Mr. Hamsay followed on the same side. The House then divided — For the Govornmbat : 40 Against 25 Majority for tho Government... 15 The following protectionist members voted against the Government : — Messrs. "William Clarke, Lobb, . Itamsay, Williams, Casey, Cope, Patterson, Moore, anil Robertson. 1 Some discussion tqok place ou the question of umbrellas, Mr. Jones broughb' his friend' tho cloggor up again. The remainder of tho articles : in tho j scliedulo were agreed to without any division I being taken. j On the question of loatber, the Treasurer j first propo-ed to omit it from the schedule, i but on the very stroDg arguments adduced I by Messrs. F. (J. Mason and F. L. Smyth in : favor of tho largo interests of their consti- ' tuents in North and South Gipps Land, the Government consented, with the approval of tho committee, to reinstate the item, which was done, and tho 10 per cent, duty thereon agreed to. After thosohedulo was finished, the formal motion respecting tbo .late duties collected under the tariff of 10th May was affirmed, with tho excoption of manufactured tobace-, and tbo Houso adjourned at a quarter after- 0110. 