THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. RESIGNATIONS. The PRESIDENT announced that ho had received letters from the Hon. A. Stow and the Hon. J. H. Barrow resigning their seats in the Council, the latter gentleman stating as a reason that subsequently to relinquishing the BanMard contract, and although he had never signed it, he found that be had laid himself open to pro ceedings, throughsimply having agreed to accept it, should he take his seat, and he did not feel justified in placing such a temptation in the way of the Impecunious. The CHIEF SECtUSCARY moved that the seats of the Hods. K. Solomon, A. Stow, and J. H. Barrow were vacated, and that the Presi- j dent forthwith issue writs for elections to fill those vacancies. Carried. ADJOURNMENT OF COUNCIL. The CHIfcF SECRETARY aaid he would move for such an adjournment as would enable the delegates to attend tho Conference in Mel bourns for a fortnight. He thought it ad visable to adjourn seeing t'acre would be two of their number at the Conference, three vacan cies, and several members kept away through other causes. The Conference commenced 15th September, and considering the time steamers l«f t Melbouruo he thought if they were to be a fortnight at the Conference they could not be back to their seats before October 10. The lion. H. AVERS thought that rather a long adjournment to ask. fie would prefer a shorter time, and then if the Chief Secretary were not back they could adjourn further. The CHIEF SECRETARY was rare they could not be back till the time stated. He had not the least fear about the Council over taking the work from the other House Other matters besides the Border Duties would be discussed at the Conference, and the delegates should have time to express their views on those subjects. The motion was carried. INTESTATE REAL BSTATB DISTRIBU TION AGP, 1867. The Hen. H. AVERS moved—"That there be laid on the table of this Council copies of any decision or judgment of the Supreme Court, or of any Judge thereof, and of any report or correspondence showing the insufficiency of " The Intestate Real Estates Distribution Act, 1867," for the amendment of the law of in heritance ; also copies of any reports or letters from the Judges of the Supreme Court, or any other offieor thereof, pointing out to the Go vernment the inability of the Judges to make rules and regulations for the ordinary guidance of personal representatives in relation to lands passing under the said Act." The Chief Secretary had asked them to repeal a law of some importance, and they should know the reasons. No one would reapeot the solemn decision of {the Judges more than he would, or listen more respectfully to any representations they might make respecting the working of any law; but the Council owed it to itself and the Parliament not to repeal a law of their own passing without knowing the reasons. The CHIEF SECR i.TARY had no objection to producing ihe information; but he would say the greatest objection to the Act was that it had never been acted on. The motion was canied. OTSTEB FISHERY AND GAME BtLU The CHIKF SECttETAIiY moved the second reading, and briefly explained the provisions of the Bill. We had an Ajct protecting oyster feeds; bat it merely referred to artificial beds, and the Bill proposed to protect natural bed* also, which was moat desirable, as with the present system, on which some persona took oysters from those beds, we should in a few yean find tbat a highly valued article we produced ourselves would disappear altogether. *rh«? Bill waa divided into three parts—first refemjg to oysters, next game, and'then pecaltieji for breaking the Ist. The times for fishing were fixed. Then as to game he (bought the present Act did not give that degree of protection that was desirable. It was felt that the tunes for shooting or dose seasons were arbitrary, and not always suited to the habits of the «t?imal« One provision waa lh?t the Commissioner of Grown Lands should fix the- time when they should be shot or not. He had received much information on the subject from various sources. He heard that in this colony hares bred nearly all the year, and proilnced three young at a birth, so that we might expsct that animal to increase rapidly. The penalties were strict, as the law waa so jsasily evaded. There were penalties on snooting, netting, or Tending game in the close season. The Hon. W. MOEGAN seconded, and as the measure was one of great importance, be would try and make it as perf eot as possible. It was important oysters should be preserved. Then it mint strike any one how scarce birds were in this thinly-populated country, while in England they abounded. He would go for pro tecting almost all birds. The second reading was tarried. In Committee. Tae first two clauses were carried. * The third, as unnecessary, was struck out. The next two clauses—giving any person right to form oyster beds, with permission of the Marine Board, and protecting him in his rights—were carried. Clause 6—Penalty for interfering with beds. —The Hon. W. MORGAN objected to the penalty being limited to £50.—The Hon. H. AYBRS asid that waa the extent of the Magis trates' jurisdiction.—The Hon. W. MOBGAN , quite agreed as to penalty, but not as to damages, which should be equal to the injury done.—The CHIEF SECRETARY said the ob ject was not so much to reimburse the owner of the bed as to punish the trespasser, and as he would be liable for £100, that would surely be sufficiently deterrent.—Tae Hon. W. PAR KIN asked if the aggrieved party would be debarred from going into another Oourt for higher damages.—The PRESIDENT thought he would.—The CHIEF SECRETARY said the penalty would be for one offence, and a man would not move more than £100 worth at one time. Clause passed as printed. Clause 7—Commissioner of Grown Lands ' may fix close season. Passed .with verbal amendments. Clause B—Oysters not to be caught or offered for Bale during certain periods. Oar- ClaTise 9—Power daring doae seasoa to re plenish artificial oyster beds.—The Hon. H. AVERS objected to requiring that notices should be "circulating in the neighborhood of the said beds." (Laughter.)— The CHIEF SECRETARY would pnt GtvernmaU Gaeette, and leave the Government to decide whether it was of sufficient importance to publish it in another paper.—The Hon. J. CKOZIKE ob jected that many persons did not «cc the Gazette, and the object was to give information. —The Hon. W, PAEK3N did not think the Government Gazette would be read by pexsons in the neighborhood of oyster beds. The clause I was passed as amended, with the words Govern ment Gazette inserted. Clause 10—Oyster brood and small oyrtras to be returned to place from whence taken. Carried. Clause 11—Except in certain cases. Carried. The Hon. H. AVERS moved hii clause providing penalty for depositing injurious matter on oyster beds. Carried. Clause 12—Offenders may be apprehended without warrant. Carried. Clause 13—On Becond conviction permission to dredge may be forfeited for three years.— The CHIKF SECRETARY moved the addition ' of the fine elsewhere provided. Carried, and the clause passed as amended. Clause 14—Interpretation of terms. Commis sioner may add other birds and other animals to be protected. Carried. Clause 19 —Close season to be from Ist August to 30th November, or such other time as the Commissioner may from time to lime protect.—The OrHBF SECRETARY moved to alter the time to from the Ist June to the 20th December.—The Hon. H. AVERS thought that extending the time most unreasonably, because the Oommiarioner might net see fit to alter it— The Hon. W. MORGAN agreed they should not go back.—The Hon. A. B. MUKRAY would like it from 31st August to 28th February. That would suit deer.—The CHIEF BEORE TABY agreed as to deer, from what Mr. Gilbert told him ; but some birds did not re quire to be protested through those late sum mer months. He understood swans inquired from the 15th June to the 30th November. He thought it would be well to indicate the periods during which they should be protected. —The Hon. J. OBOZIKE thought die time he did not think the swans ware so easily got at that there need be much fear on their account. The clause wa? passed with simply Verbal ftfnfrt'flmHffllji. Clause IG—Penalty on having game in pos session daring close season.—The Hob. H. AYBBS moved the addition of the words, "kill, wound, catch, take, or destroy."—The Hon. J. OBOZIBB thought it might be hard to say who wounded a bird,—The Hon. H. AYBRS observed that in that oase no evil con sequences would arise to any person. The words were added, and the clause Those word* were added also to other clauses as they were discussed. Clause 17—Penalty on taking and destroying eggs. Carried. Clause IS—Act not to extend to domesticated game or game in confinement.—The Bon. H. AT BBS moved to except persons • catching young game to domesticate them, and persons killing game in their own orchards, gardens, vineyards, or cornfields.—The CHIEF SBOKB TABY objected to allow -persons to catch game in the eloie season, as that would open the door to treat abases. He dii not object to except penons killing game ia their own orchards, gardens, vineyards, or cornfields.—The Hon. J. HODQKISS quite agreed that to allow peraons to catch young game would do araoh to defeat the object of the BUL—The CHIEF SEORBTABY asked the Hon. H, Ayers to put the two parts of the amendment sepa rately.—The Bon. H. AYEBS agreed.—The word* "allowing the catching of young game " were put. and, on a division, carried, as fol lows t— Ana, s—Messrs. Hurray, Morgan, Parkin, Tuxfoid, and Ayea (teller). Nois, 3 —Messrs. Crorier, Hodgkiss. and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 2 for the Ayes. The rest of the amendment waa then put and carried. Tbe claute was passed as amended. Clause 19—Penalty for trespassing in pursuit of animals. Carried. Clause 20 —Proof of permission to shoot on private property to be given by defendant. Carried. Clause 21—Nothing shall prevent liability to damages. Carried. Clause 22—Act not to apply to abotiginals killing or catching game for their own coosump tion. Carried, with the addition of the permis sion to take eggs for the same purpose only. Clause 23 —Offenders to give up name and address, and deliver up any game or instrument employed in killing or snaring game to any per son demanding the same, and, on refusal, the said persoii may arrest him, and take him be fore the nearest Justice or Special Magistrate, and should the offender resist, he will be liable to a penalty of £5, besides other penalties pro vided by the Act. An addition was made, providing a penally for giving a false name, and the Clause was carried. Clause 24—Summary procedure before Special Magistrate or two Justices. Carried. Clause 23—Any penon may lay informations. Carried. Clause 26—Appeal to Local Court of Full Jurisdiction only. Carried. Clause 27—Half of penalties to informer. Carried. Clause 23—Proceedings to bar other proceed ings. Carried. First schedule—Acts repealed. Carried. Second schedule—Form of permission to form artificial oyster beds. The Hon. H. AVERS pointed out that this was from tbe President of the Marine Board instead of the Marine Board, as provided in one ot the clauses. Carried. Third Schedule.—Gsme (aoclimatieed) pro tected, with penalty for killing each head- Pheasants, £5; partridges, £5; grouse, £5; hares, £5; deer, £15; swans, £5; antelope, £15. Carried. Fourth Scbedole.—Game (native) —Landrails, wild ducks of any species, plover, water hens, bitterns, herons, quail, black swans, nankeen birds, wild geese of any species, turkey bustards, pheasants, emus, laughing j^Vaim*^ magpies, pigeons, curlews. The Hon. H. ATEBS moved the following schedule in lien thereof:—" All birds except the following—All eagles; hawks of all sorts exceeding a nankeen kestrel in size; crows, black magpies, silver eyes, yellow-crested coskatoos. Blue Mountain parroquets, and native companions." Those birds excepted were destructive, but he thought it advisable to protect all other aorta. The CHIEF SECRETARY would like to further consider tho amendment, and moved that the House resume. House resumed, and farther consideration was fixed for the next day of meeting. FELO-DE-SE VERDICTS BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the second reading. The object of the Bill was to do away with the last remnant of what he considered a barbarous law relative to suicides. In former times a suicide was buried at the meeting of four cross- roads, with a stake driven through his body. That was now abolished, but the law still forbad Christian burial, compelled the burial at certain hours of the night, and forfeited the personal property of the suicide to the State. That last penalty was never acted on in this colony, but the others were. He would add to the Bill a clause taking away from the Coroners the power to cay at what hours the suicide should be buried. The Hon. EL AYKRS had much pleasure in seconding, bnt hoped the Bill would not be pressed through Committee then, as it required a little alteration. Tbe seond reading was cartied, the House went inio Committee pro forma, and the for ther consideration was fixed for the next day of meeting. ST. VINCENT-STREET, PORT ADELAIDE. The Hon. H. AYBRS moved that the time for tho Select Committee to bring up their re ! port be extended to the next day of meeting Carried. Other business was postponed, and the House adjourned at 4.5 till October 10. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thubsdat, Seftembke 7. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By Mr. J. LINDSAY, from the Chairman and Directors of the Adelaide, denelg, and Suburban Railway Company, praying the House to pau a private Bill (copy of which vis annexed) to authorise the construction of a railway from Adelaide to Glenelg. By Sir. MURRAY, from the Mayor and Cor poration of Adelaide and 1,580 peisras, praying the House not to pass the Boad BUL WATEB SUPPLY TO WALEERVILLF. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Glyde's qatstion as to when the water supply would be extended to Wal kervOle, said:—"The surrey of Walkerville | is being proceeded with, and will be finished >n the course of a month. The order for the pipes will bo dispatched to England about the end of October, and the water will not be laid on until July next." QUESTIONS. Mr. COGLIN asked tbe Commissioner of Public Works if it was his intention, to re duce Hie wages of the railway employe's. He asked the question because he did not receive a satisfactory answer from the Commissioner on 'Wednesday.—The OOMUISSIONKR of PUB LIC WORKS very much doubted tie policy of asking questions of this sort after tbe Govern ment had stated that it was not their intention to make any general reduction. The mechanics employed on the railway were paid better wages than in private establishments, and they worked fetter hours. It had been found neces sary to classify the ™m*.t.;?^ in the railway department, and under that classification some half-dozen employed would receive la a. day less, but their wages would be better than in private establishments. The hon. member would better consult the dignity of the House by less fre quently interfering with reference to the pay ment of these laborers. (Hear, bear). { Mr. LAURIE asked when the Government would proceed with the South-East Baflway Bill, because he was xenuuning in townatgr^at personal inconvenience in order to be present at the discussion on that BilL—The COMMIS SIONER of PUHLIO WORKS said Mr. Laurie had asked for a return to assist hon. members in the debate. He was prepared with that return, but it would be only fair to have that return printed. He should be prepared to pro ceed with the Bill as soon as the return referred to had been printed. In reply to Mr. Krich&cff;, the COMMIS SIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said the only portion of (he Sonth-Eastem drainage wjrks wh|eh had been stopped was with reference to ? contract that had not been accepted, but respecting which the Superintendent had allowed the lowest tenderer, Mr. Code, to com mence the works. Ibis was a yerr irregular proceeding on the part of the Superintendent, and the statements made in the papers most refer simply to the stoppage of these works, but not to the works generally. The Government intended to propose to borrow money to com plete the -irainage works, bat they did not wish to incur the ?Tpnn«? of completing the works without Legislative sanction. Mr. BEAK asked if the Treasurer had taken steps to equalise the telegraph charges on the Port Line.—The TREASURER said the matter was in the hands of the Chief Secretary, and the equalization would be made* THE ELECTORAL DISTKICT OF VIC TORIA. Mr. LAURIE called the attention of the Government to the inconvenience felt in his district daring the last election. Something like four or five days elapsed on that occasion before the state of the poll could be ascertained. Ha advocated the necessity of fixing a more central place than Robe as the «*i?f polling place. He nr^ed tb.it the chief polling-place should be either at Mount Gambler or Penola, because if this were done the state of the poll might be known within 24 hoars. He trusted the Government would take this matter into consideration when bringing in the Electoral Bill. .It was a misfortune also, he said, that the Electoral Act did not allow the ballot-boxes to be opened at each polling-place, instead of all being forwarded to an out-of-the-way locality like Robe was in the South- Eastern District- Mr. TOWNSKND thought the chief polling plaoe should be the most central or most important township. With regard to the other matter, he said that was altogether teo serious an alteration to be made. He referred to the irregularities which had occurred at Stoekport and Clarendon in consequence of the dereliction of doty on the part of Deputy Returning Officers, and said it would be a most dangerous thing to give the power of opening the boxes to the deputies of the Returning Officer. He did not think it would be wise to abolish the present vystem. — The ATTORNEY GENERAL could not promise that the Govern ment would agree to allow the ballot-boxes to be opened at the r<*pective polling-places. With regard to the otter point, he was obliged to the hon. member for drawing his attention to the matter, ss it was anomalous that the chief polling-place should not be the largest sad most influential, or most central township. That matter should have the consideration of the Government—Mr. BRIGHT and Mr. STEWART expressed views similar to those stated by other hon. members. NORTHERN TERRITORY LAND GRANTS. Mr. OHERITON asked—" Under what clause of tha.Northern Territory Act, or the regula tions for the sale of land under that Act, the Government are entitled to charge a fee of 27a, { B|d. for the grant of each town note, tbeooat , at which was only 3s. 9d, ?"—The OOMMIS- I SIONER of GROWN LAND 3 replied—"The charge is not made under the Northern Terri tory Act, or regulations under this Act A fee of CL on each grant is payable under Act 3 of 1846; registration fee of ss. under Act 3 of 1856; ammrnnm' fund under Real Property Act of 1861; Bs. 6d. for diagram, in accordance wi'h I Gazette notice of 27th October, 185?, page 977." STORES FOB THE GULNARK. Mr. QUIN asked—L Whether the Govern ment instructed the President of the Marine Board to porch Me meat and other stotea for the Gulnare without inviting tenders for the same ; I and if so, why? 2. Was the meat purchased J for the Gulnare old store meat bought from the ship Invincible?— The TREASURER replied— 1\. The President of the Marine Board was in structed to purchase meat and other stores for the Gulnare ; there was no time to call for teu tendera. 2. Foot casks of English beef and four casks of Irish pork were purchased from the ship Invincible; thvy could not be procured elsewhere ; this meat was not old store meat, j but quite now, aud expressly prepared for tropical climates. DAM B&TWKEN; GULNARE ADD POET Plans. Mr. COGLIK asked when the dam would be constructed between Gulnare and Pott Pirie. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIO WORKS replied—" The surveyor who lays out the town ship at Port Pirie has been instructed to select the best site for a reservoir.'' i INTERCOLONIAL FREE TRADE BILL. The TEIiASUBKK moved that the report be agreed to.—Mr. HUGHES moved that the Biil bo recommitted, in order to amend Ist clause, as it would be unconstitutional for the Bou?e to divest themselves of their duties with refe rence to Customs and tariffi and confer those duties on an individual. He state! that in England a rolitical treaty with other countries had to be ratified by Her Majesty in Council, whilst commercial trea ties were rubj.ct to the ratification by the House of Commons. He called on the Souse to hold in their hands the reins of power, and insist on seeing what a treaty was before it was ratified. They knew what " the Governor in ConnriT meant. They knew that the Governor was advised by his Council, and generally by the rating member of the Ministry. We wanted to poor wine and flour into the other colonies, bat the other colonies would wish Co inundate us with their manufactures, and therefore it would be most unwise and unconstitutional for the House to give up the power of vetoing or approving a treaty which might be arranged with the other colonies. He objected to giving the power to any one who might go down to the Conference next week, binding the colony in the matter of the tariff. He moved that tile Bill be recommitted, with a view to add to the first clause the wards "and provided that such agreement shall not come into operation until it has been ratified by a resolution of the House of Assembly duly reported upon and agreed to by the House itself." — Mr. KHIOHAUFF asked was a drawback allowed in Victoria on im ported manufactured goods, because if so (bis colony might be swamped with gooii which were not manufactured in Victoria, but were imported there and re-exported.—The TREA SURES mid there was no drawback, ao that that difficulty could not arise.—The COMMIS SIONER of CROWN LANDS expressed his surprise that Mr. Hughes should again have attempted to connect this Bill with the ap proaching Conference, with which it had nothing whatever to do. Having eiplai. Ed the history of the Bill, he urged the importance of this colony being able to negotiate with the other colonies on equal terms. He btited that Tasmania, Sew Zealand and Hew South Wales had passed measures similar to thio, in which they had given power to the Governments to enter into a treaty, and fcoutb. Australia ought to trust her Government in the same way. Although the Bill could have nothing to do with the approaching Conference, it would be an excellent thing to show to the delegates at that Conference, as an evidence that at some future tame the colony would be willing to dis cuss the question of a free interchange of goeds and manufactures. The Government should be empowered to enter into this agreement If not they would not be in a position 'to treat equally with the other colonies.— Mr. CHERITON expressed himself favorable U> the amendment moved by Mr. Hughes, stating that he would never be a pirty to handing over the whole of our tariff to any Government in office, and strongly opposed to the principle of the BilL—Mr. RAMSAY was disposed to go f.r the amendment, and was surprised that the Government should endeavor to pass such a BilL They all knew that delegates might be sent to represent the colony at a Conference, and they might agree to measures which they conscientiously believed lo be to the interests of the colony ; but different men had different opinions, and 36 men would be more likely to get at the rights of a thing than one, who afterwards might be sorry for the coarse he took. He did not agree with the idea of bartering away the rights of that House.— Mr. PLAYFOKD did not altogether approve of Mr. Bugbes's amendment, and would rather go with Mr. Boucaufs suggestion, which would not prevent the Government entering into a treaty, but would reserve the right to that House to cancel what might to them Beem 1m- I proper.—Mr. MURRAY expressed himself op posed to the Bill, believing that it would give the Government toa much power. He doubted if this colony was willing to enter into an arrangement for a free interchange of produoU with Victoria without having the matter dis cussed ; and giving a power for two years, when perhaps the tariffs might considerably alter, was giving a power beyond what any Con stitutional Government should have. He did not think that the proviso would have a bad effect on the BilL—Mr. WARD intimated that, as on the previous debate one of the members was inadvertently absent, and as it was only fair to that gentleman to give him an oppor- I tunity of recording his vote, he should sup port the recommital of the clause, and then he should vote for Mr. Boucaut's amendment.— | Mr. A. F. LINDSAY pointed out how awkward it would be for any Government to have a treaty which had perhaps been arranged and decided or terminated by that House in five minutes.—The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with regard to Mr. Ward's argument as to one of the members opposed to the Bill being absent, ■aid there were two or three members who ■voted with the Government on the previous ocoasion were also inadvertently absent. (Laughter.) He thought it was extremely un desirable that these recommittals should go on, because this particular member or that par ticular member was absent. The object of this BQI was not to enable the Government to alter the tariff as some had stated. It was simply to allow of an agreement being entered into which should be mutually advantageous for the inter jehange of intercolonial products duty free. He confessed that he was surprised that country mem bers should speak as they had spoken. They saw ' there was a duty on flour and colonial wine, and it was singular that country members should be in favor of retaining this and taxing their constituents. Then they heard a com plaint as to the extraordinary powers sought to be given the Government, but he pointed out it was no greater power than was held by Go vernments in the other colonies and the Canada*. If delegates were sent to represent a colony, and then had to come hack and ask for power as to what they should do it would be absurd.—Mr. BRIGHT should snpport the amendment. Having quoted from the despatch by Lord Kimberley, he said he did not think me power of deciding upon the tariff should be given out of the hands of the House —the mem bers wern the only persons who should have the powerof deciding as to what the tariff should be. —TheT&EASUKBR; said the Government were desirous of having this Bill passed because of the advantage it would secure to South Aus tralia in meeting the Governments of the other colonies in a fair spirit. The Government knew that it was not very likely that they would have anything to do with the carrying of it out, and very probably the very men who w.<re now arguing against the measure might be in office when it came into operation, (No, and laughter.) Well, he would say possibly. He asserted that if there was any colony which would be benefited by this BiU it would be South Australia; and he would say that if this colony could not on their own ground stand against the manufactures of other colonies, it should give up manufacturing altogether. (Hear, hear.) He affirmed that at the present moment the shoe trade here was such that they could supply shoes to the other colonies cheaper than they could themselves manufacture them. South Australia was the place from which the iboea for the other colonies would be obtained yet. It was very possible that in some things the other colonies might beat them, and if that was the case perhaps it would be better for them to leave it in that shape ; but could anyone doubt that -looking at the interests of South Australia as a whole—it would not be beneficial to this colony to have this inter change of produce. He was not a friend of South Australia who took that view. He had not alluded to flour and grain. Tho colony of Victoria would regret that protective di.ty they had put on. It wonld not have the effect they supposed. He hoped the House would not agree to Mr. finghes'a amendment. If it was carried he should be sorry, and he thought it would be a serious thing for this colony if they had suoh a poor opinion of their Government that they could not give them the power to make an agreement for a single year without coming to the House to get its approval The House divided on the motion for the adoption of the report with the following result :— Ayes, 15—The Attorney- General, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Baker, N. Blyth, Dar ling, Duffield, Hay, Krichauff. J. Lindsay, Pearce, Towni-end, Wentzel, White, and the Treasurer (teller.) Noes, 17—Messrs. Bean, Boucaut, Bright, Cavenagh, Cheriton, Coglin, CottreU, Laurie, A. F. Lindsay, Mildred, Mur ray, Playford, Quin, JSanray, Stewart, Ward, and Hughes (teller.) Majority of 2 for the Noes. The BUI was recommitted, and Mr. HUGHES moved that the following words be added to the first clause, " and provided that such agreement shall not come into operation till ratified by resolution of the House of Assembly, duly reported upon and agreed to by the House itself." He re plied to what had been eaid by the mem bers of the Ministry as to this proviso vitiating th« Bill, by affirming that it did not, and staged that he should maintain the consti tutional privilege of that House to ratify any treaty which migfct be made. It wis the uni versal custom of the mother country for the House of Commons to ratify treaties before they werecamedintoeffect— Mr. TOWNSKND expressed himself opposed to the words being added. Mr. Hughes'* argument was tbat this House shouU maintain its privileges, but he pointed out the Houses in the other colonies would do the same. (Hear, hear.) That gen tleman's zeal and impetuosity outran his judg ment. If the Bill was found to work well in the 12 months allowed, it would be all right, but if not tbev had the power of alter ing it. Mr. Hughes had said it wat the master mind of Che Government who advised His Excellency. He was sorry to hear him say that, because it indicated that he had never had the privilege of advising His Excellency, for it was well known that the master mind of the Ministry to which th*t member had he , longed was Mr. Strangways. and not Mr. Hughes. (Great laughter)—Mr, HAT biped that the clause would be retainer! :s it w*e originally. It was a very important matter that if the repretentatives met and settled npon any plan for various colonies carrying on trade between the different colonies, that it should be carried into effect at once, unless it was detrimental to the interests of one of the colonies. It would even be bettor to submit to an inconvenience for 12 months than that this amendment should be carried.— The TREASURER said he was rare if this amendment were carried the Bill would not pass the other House.- Mr. WENTZEL pointed out that the BUI was an experimental one.—Mr. PEABCiS said he was confident that if the Committee was led away by these protectionist views, they would make a mistake. He had for some years been in favor of protection, but if they were going to hamper trade, he should alt-r his views. The amendment of Mr. Hughes would not, he was confident, have stood the ghost of a chance of being carried, had it not been for the extreme views of some of the protectionists. He asserted that the entry of their flour and wine into the other colonies free of duty would be a great thing, and worthy of some sacrifice to obtain. He was no friend of colonial wine, but solong as it was one of the staples of the colony, and a large export in it was dune, he wan bound to give it a market, especially in the other colonies. He deprecated the want of confidence in the Ministry, which soeh a motion if carried would exhibit, and said he should oppose the words being added.—Mr. COGLIN moved that the House now divide. Carried, and a division was taken, with the following result: -Ayes, 10—Messrs. Bean, Boucaut, Bright, Cavenagh, (.'heriton, Coglin, Cottrell, Lauri«, Mildred, Murray, Playford, Qnin, Bamsty, Stewart, Ward, ud Hughes (teller). Noes, 16-The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works Messrs. Baker. N. Blytb, Darling, DaffieU, Hay, Krichauff. A. F. Lindsay, J. Lindsay, Peatce, Townsend, Wentxel, White, and the Treasurer (teller). The Sneaker cave his casting vote in favor of the Noes.— Mr. BOUCAUT then moved—" Provided that every such agreement shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within 21 days of the making thereof, or of the next meeting of Par liament if not then sitting; and if Parliament shall disapprove thereof within 14 days of the earns being laid before such Parliament, then such agreement shall cease to be binding." He thought the speech ef the Commissioner of Crown Lands, with respect to Mr. Playford's amendment, on Tuesday, was ■*?i«™t«>^t to Qjg. lead boo. members somewhat. He maintained that the agreement would be valid as soon as it was made, and unless Parliament decided to set it aside, it was good. He pointed out also that the agreement might be for 18 montha, be cause Parliament might be in recess. If it was an experimental dause, it was only wise that it should be for 18 months, instead of 12.—The COMMISSIONER of GROWN LANDS said he n?ver alluded to Mr. Plavford's amendment, as was stated by Mr. Bouciut—Mr. PLAY FORD intimated that he should support words being added, on the ground that the HOI woald give the Government power to alter the whole tariff, which power the British Government had not. and no Government should have.— Mr. BAKER said he hoped the House would not vote for Mr. Boucaut'a amendment. Mr. Playford was wrong; the BUI did not alter the tariff. With respect to the British Parliament, they had a right to do what they liked. They could pus a Bfflaad have it assented to without any higher autho rity over them. We could not; we had to said the BiU homo. Last session the House passed a BiU trusting the Government for ten years without any suggestion of doobt with rrspect to the Government, and he hopad the Committee would not (how that narrow petti fogging mind—(oh)—of not trusting th=, Ministry they put upon the Treasury Benches. If they could not trust that Government let them get a Government on whom they could re'y- He sincerely hoped it would not be published to the world that the colony of South Anstnlia could not trust Us Government for eighteen months.— Mr. WARD said there was no implication of a want of trust in the Ministry, but the Legis lature had a constitutional right of exercising its voice with respect to a treaty of this kind. The question was, should they give op that ri^ht It was a very simple question, and he protested against the way in which Mr. Baker had put it—Mr. 3. LINDSIY thought they were losing sight of the object of the BiU. The que.tion was, could Soutb Australia be benefited by an interchange of colonial pro dusts? He thought she could, and it was the bounden duty of that House to do that. If trammels were to be imposed upon the Ministry, the best thing they eouM do was to throw the Bill up at ones.— Mr. BAMSAY argued that hon. members re presenting the country at large had a right to see any treaty which might be made affecting its interests, and Baid he hoped Mr. Boucaut's motion would be agreed to. As to the word pettifogging, he thought that was tha word to be used by brieflesi barristers—{laughter)—not by legislators.—Mr. TOWNSENO thought an nntrammeUed conference of the representatives of different colonies might be productive of good, but argued against the question being afterwards submitted to the House of Assembly, where, perhapt, through an acri dental vote, the whole achrane which had been decided upon might be thrown out—The ATEORNKY-GENERAL said if they passed that proviso they had better say at once—we do not want intercolonial free trade, an! drop the BQI. One or two other members having spoken, the amendment was put and lost upon the following division :—A TBS, 15—Messrs. Bean, Boucaut, Bright, Cavenagh. Cheriton. Coglin, OottzeU, Laurie, Mildred, Murray, Playford, Bamsay, Stewart, Ward, and Hughes (teller). Nosb, 16—The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown r,...^ the Commis sioner ef Public Works, Messrs. Biker, N. Blyth, Darting, Duffield, Gleeson, IHay, Kri chauff, J. Lindsay, Pearce, Townsend, Wentzel, White, and tile Treasurer (teller*. Majority of lforNoes. The House resumed, the report was adopted, and the third reading of the Bill fixed for next day. | BUPPLY. In Committee. Reconsideration of item Agent- Genaral, £200.—Mr. CA.VENAGH said be thought the proposed increase of salary to { the Agent-General was unprecedented and un called for. The late Agent- General was paid £600 a year, and Mr. Dutton, then a Minister of the Crown, took th« office with bis eyes open, ! and many of tba duties of the former Agent- General were taken from the present occspant : of the office. The greatest piece of work done this yoir by the Agent-General was the Telegraph agreement, which was most one-sided, and an agreement which shouH never have been entered into. — The TKFASUREft said S the appointment was a bad one, why did not the hon. member, when in office, cancel the appointment? When Mr. Dutton was first appointed, a great many of the duties of the former Agent- General were taken from him, but since then large additional duties had been placed upon him, and hii staff had been reduced. He believed conscientiously that the man deserved the extra salary, and therefore he brought it forward. He denied that the Government had paid any portion of this increase asked for. He then referred to the accusations and insinuations which had been made inside and outside the House with reference to the Agent-General's action with ! Messrs. Bird ie <"0., and said the -——utiims i were utterly without reliability. He challenged ' Mr. Cayenagh, or any member, to the proof of the insinuation, stating that he ha 4 abundant documentary evidence to rebut the statements which had been mmAe. He dffii«Mi that tbere was anything in the Agent-General's conduct in this matter which was not capable of explana tion, and Mr. Neville Blyth, who had looked into this matter, could bear him out in saying so. If the House thought the Agent-General had done his duty, and was a man of probity and honesty, and thought he was entitled to this extra salary, he hoped they would vote it. If they thought his present salary sufficient let them say uo ; but he asked the House not to vote against this item simply on the belief that the Agent-General ha 4 acted improperly.— Mr. BAKER was sorry he should feel it bis dnty to vote against the Government in tbis matter, but be did bo entirely as a master of principle. He was sorry, beoaaso it was on. pleasant to oppose the increase of saUry to * man who might be the soul of honor, ft was | wrong to introduce this item into Supple ! mentary Estimates, for those Estimates should only include moneys which the Government bad been obliged to expend, and would require to spend before the end of the y**ar, and this item coald not came under either of these head*. A great deal had been said about the Agent- General upholding the dignity of the colony ; but that was all nonsense, for the Agent- General was only a commercial agent for the ' colony, and was not an ambassador. He con- i tended also that it would be unfair to other ! officers to increase one officer's salary. He voted j with Mr. Reynolds some time since in pasting a censure upon the Agent-General, because this one thing he had never been able to get over in regard to the case of Bird and Co., that the Agent-General bought iron standards at £12 per ton, for which the person who sold it got only £9 per ton. He did not believe the Agent-General bad done anything wrong, but he had not boen sharp enough.—Mr. CAVENAGH read the censure passed upon the Agant-Genvnl by the Treasurer of the day for hiiconfloct with regard to Messrs. Bird & 00\. ; and he also complained that the ■ Agent-General did not execute the indents which were cent to him properly, Tua Tiea an talked abost hgilj imn«i<l ilnlic.hnt faetudnat pointed oat what than eitn4otaai were.-Mr. N. BLYTH uid Oe ample mm why the iron standards were |mi i lwiii intc titmn.Bixdk.Oo. tor £12 per too. wfaUst ti? maker only got £9 per torn, tv that the Agni- General waa bound by hi* iastraetiMaa to 4<al with Hem. Biidt 001, who. bnrenr, ha 4 to pay a certain nm of noaey to the patentee of port of (he for.eing. ({<• had oo recMllectina that the Hon. Thomai Uijool.l* accca-d the AgeoMJewssl of ?b T d«boo<a4/, h«t b* anpto at .ted he waa not chaip esoo^i br the London people. There waa net the aUghte* ground {or aaapinioo that the AacaMtaural reoeind any of the profit, and Mean*. Weik and <V, the patenteem, had diatiacdy atated thit they hkdpaTGfaassd iron aUadanb at £> per too and sold then for£l2 lOt., for the sake of showing that the OowtrtuuaA was doiac wrong and that the eyatem waa a fallacy. Tftra with reference to the chains,he sail it wooldbe mott nowise policy to poirhass cheap chains, especially when those chtict were for moorings, and the evidence showed that on that Batter the Agant-General took every pocaMe pre csntiou. Another matter was the rcof for the Railway Shed, about wbiek thera aroie a difference of opinioo between two engineer., and the Agent-General was sot to blame there. On the occasion to whuh be ra f erred something like a eensma was pawed mt the Agent-Genexml, bat a gmai aam wtod for the motion not to oenwe the Agasrt Oenwal, but simply as an exptes ion of their wkh to abolish the office. He had availed himself of every source of inf grmation to look into this matter, and he had come to the coneteston that the Agent-General had in no ease Mglected hk duty, but that he had taken every poaAlepre eaatioa to protect the interests of the colony.— Mr. BKIGHT opposed the ite_, a> be tbewght it wrong in principle to bring down an inm-ase of salary on the Supplementary Brtaaaatea.— Ur. COCLIN thought it notUag bat richt sad proper to give ti>e Agent-General this addi tional salary.—Mr. CIVKNAOH said he did not wiah to ~—■?? the Acmt-Oeneral of pecnUtion or anything like it, bat when he I was pat forward as a very efficient —-- he was bound to enter hia protest, and say he waa not. Mr. Neville Blyth eooUteU the Hooae some tbi'.g .-boot an indent sent home by the Has [ pifal Board if he liked to do co. The Oosa mit'.ee divided on the Question (hat the rtern •Uad.—ATM, U-Tfae Ataraey-Geaeral, the Commioiansr of Crows I«ads, the Oosan sjoner of Public Works, Meatn. Bean, H. Myth, Coglin, Hashes. J. Lindsay, Pearse, Townsend,andlheTreasarer(tener). N««. It —Ueam. Baker. Bright. Cheriton, OottnO. Darling, Krichsoff, Ijnie, Mndred, najferd, Qain, Kamsay. Stewart, and Oaiveaafh (teller), •ttjority of 1 fsr Noet. Pang- Mr. A- F. undaay aad Mr. Ward against: Mr. G&aeaa;* and Mr. White for. The nsstartMs wen re ported, and the report ordered to be taken into consideration rex* day. PUBLIC ELBMENTAKY EDUCATIOM. The TREASURER moved—" That he has* leavetointroducaa?aiforaa Ac* to provide for pnblic elementary education in flaufh A? trail*.- He aiidh* did not intend to nis? aay arguments masting learn to intends** the 80, because he presumed the House would agree to the introduction of the Bill, aad tas aassiia* aa to whether or ant they were m favor of it would «mk sb cti the second -iliai Bis object woald he Manly to explain to the Hawse th« chief principles of the !lilL The 83 w arn not a bug one. comprising 3110 or lit ilaasia The whole thing m comprised is 51 danaes, and three or four —h^-i-tf, Tim inia?siial object of tie SOI, wa> to provided a*ni ■ tion, not only in one |inrtkja of the colony, bat thiwaghont the csisoy to than children whose parents or whose arcnMetaaaea did not enabfe them to bare the moans of cda cation within their reach. Itmsd known that under tike present ayaUasa fane naaabar of the poorer classes woe aaaafe to ami edwoa tim for their children. This BUI wwddiaS ia iUobjeetif it had not the < Car* of arjvioW that the peat balk of the aossar ottUnoof the province khoald have a pod sosad Motto education. For this purpose sniusli woald br provided f* in the BflL In the fast pbae, there was a provision which aright act be Im mediately btought into operation, bat whiah might be made operative in tiaa« to rrin that was a proma'oa for the rrtiMasinwal of a normal school, to giva a caperiur caus of education to those persons who was likely to be selected as achooimastets or arlmof mistresses in the fatare. In the —rsiiliam the Bill provided that arnnnlanslriis or achoolsitstxesaes nhooll vnderca an. -~—«—i tion and obtain certificates of iiiiaiiii nl ami before being eligible for the paation of teachers in the public schools. The next dam of school* wosU :be called sitinml namih. aad these would be esUblisbed aa Jar,< eaatns of population. He might aay that the mi paper showed that there were 47,« M cfaOdrom between the ages of sndU, aad that of thai number otariy one-half were|whorynaed?f<tad. Then were 9,521 chlUrea who coaU neiAer read or write, 11,224 who oooJd read only, and 25,009 who could both read aad write. Nearly one-half of the chOdran tbmUn were wholly onedoeated, or only partially educated. He thought the Honae wonU see it to be neoeaury to adopt ooeae ayritui to ehioge Out state of thupu IW censuii papers showed that «c"«— —t esjatol principally in the laife oentres of pops.. lation. At WilUroe, for iastanoe, there was a larger proportion of oaedneated ohOdns. than anywhere else, and it was propoaed in those large! centres of roaoktioa to have aatxoaal sehoob, where children ahoold not pay man than a penny per wnak. For that aawnnt the Government weald upply -j^^ny^— tM aeHoalhooaac, and give the children a aaaad secular education. It «as anted—Why a penny; why net twopence T Well, that was a question for the House to dmide: but experience had shown in. the mother eoovtry tioat a small payment on the put of theaehoUnmadea won. derfol differsnee in the quality of the schools. A small payment took from a parent tbe fasting thai the school was a chant* school—{hear, hpar)—and placed the mttter in a different light to him than if there were no payment at aIL Before dumiarine tbn schools, he aaid powers were takes for borrowing sans of Skonoy to either buy or build such sehoolhoaKs as it was necessary to crtabliih. He ndght aay a good deal with reference to this point, bat he would defbr it till toe second reading. He simply called attention to the natore of the ssfaoobbepropoKd. Then with regmrd to dis trict ■ehoob, he Relieved it was wetinniiy to make a great diOetenae between what was* called national schools and district schools, and it was proposed that in district schools, whore it ni impossible to afford a very nmerior dan of scbools, there should be a provision to the effect that, according to the subsidy drawn by the masters of soeh district schools, the masters should be obliged to take at a penny per week as many ehfldren as should be reoom. mended by tie District GoaneOa, or by two Magistrates whtrd no Diairiet Oonne?s enstad. This would avoid what bad been the case bitherto- that persons mnst either declare their ciuldren to be destitute or let them go uneducated. It was also propasnd in these dis trict schooli that, in certain cases, one master nrght attend two schooh on alternate days, so as to extend the advantages of district sranah to thinly-populated ptaees. The Bill aW provided for itinerating schootatasten, who should take edncataon to the oater eVs. tricti. (Cheers.) By this nuaaa he hoped the persons who might be appointed would place themselves in eonuanuatiom with the proprietois of oobstations, and either aaake arrangements by which they cooid have rooaa as certain periods, so as to extend to those places where the censas- papenahowodfamUies of eight or cine were beug broacht no withovt aav edneaskm at aU. The Bill provided far a Board of Education. This Board would not be tike the present one. itwootdbesngtoctivs?oard, oa the principle of the Oenteal Boas Board, The member* would be chosen by the voice of the various District Councils, and the ftOl pro vided that District Councils aad Corporations, as the visitors and inspectors of acWoU, ehoaH bare a voice is the nmna^gaaant of tin* aehoola. The powers of the Board aa gtvoa by the Bffi were rather eztonsise, It sai Isniihl to be onwiae to pat into the Bin the noitasmW books to be ased. It was thought proper U allow the Boar J to have the right of dectaraar what books should be ased in the sun.pls. TaS was not done with a view to avoid rasponai bOity, but beexnsett was felt the Board might vary the books according to ciienamstaaces, and according to the wishes of the people in varies* portions of the colony. Ha might oay that in both the district •ehoob and the national schools it was provided that on three dan in the week the day instruction ahomld be short, so that evening schools might be held for older children, who, being employed during the day, had not the opportunity of attend ing the «chools at other times. (bar, hear.) There wore two or throe dames out of the 51 clauses that provide! for what, in a mild form, might be considered costpalsory education. Whether that question woaU he affirmed by the House had yet to be teen, bat the Government had put the flames there so thai if the principle were affirmed there woaU ba the c!sutes in the BUI. whilst, if it were oat affirmed—if the Uoue disagree! with the io> of compulsory educition—-then the rlsoats could he etruck out without interfering with the other portions of the BUL Then then tv another point which he felt rather aoxkni abont; and he might aay that he pat the rfansiw, in wiih a little fear and trembling. It was that wliea the schoolroom* were not tn one for the purposes of education under tile maateu, the Board may. upon requisition, gnat the ose of die schoolrooms for religious puiuo—. He did not w« why Uw •dioolraoau afce«U Mt be naed for relicioaa iartrmetioa. sapporiiiK Oat any persons wanted to rue them for that an. pose. It was provided, however—sad this be considered to be the great safeguard-that no master shr nld have anything to do with that religious instruction. (Hear, hear.) He felt I that the danger was that the schoolmaster might brinp to bear upon the children his powerful ioflaence with regard to religions in ■traction, and hence he caught to gntrd against it. If the various denominations woaU agree as to oertain days for rdigiovs instraetija— (bnghter)-this might he arranged, and if they ocuU not agree, the* no harm wool* he dona •tall. IthadlMapwt intte Bffl,«ndnrisM ha strack oat or retoaasd—bat the "• 'L-'SdrS .* — *• **F* bmsos by, whxi> n&gioas; mi<isHiaii ariaiit be impartsd by neoaas nMst nterested in it. Tbse«<ntte fwtmMu ef the Kin, aad he trosted the Hmh wwdd iimwi^ Ux?ffl. AH be oo>U say was that the 818 had ten drawn by his baa. friend the Attorney -General, and that his ban. nslleagne aad hnmaetf had given a considerable aaaourt of nanaiauatiuat to tt? —in Hiietbjrcs?aafannkafnfJy t—LSiiuJ in Hii iniinislia af the Bm, which bshsawawwdd Cad bnt with ban aiisriiiM. Hedidaot intend to g« into any areui^t en the SOI. On the ascoad readinf br wosM giv# his raawas for the prucMhs br bad eariwditd in the BtS, aad at the present tiase be woaM content UsmsU by aioviag the motion, with the feeling that he should be proud if the 801 eventaally became law. Tie notion waacanied. The Bill wait bad en the tab's and read a first time, aad its aeeond read ing fixed for that day three weeks. ROAD FKOII NAR&AOOOBXB; TO LACE- P£DK BAT. Mr. K. BLTTH, far Mr. Kaarir, m«ed " That then bs laid on the toUeef t*isH<Mse aenpyef aP Birrrapminiiiu hw>wwa the total Beard ef Main Keads «f Meat Oambier and the Government, bavia* refenaee to tixir n a^eattbat£aO.w?abaaUbe enaalied fsr pro vidmc read lammaairaHi !■■< ■ nasr KarracsSto aaaLaeeneae?av." Oarried. The retoxa mid on the table aad eroend to be printed. The ether rmstnnm was peataoael, aad at seven miaotei past 5 o'clock the House ad. joumedtUl?ntday. 