"VISITATION CHARGE. His lordship the Bishop of Melbourne held a visitation in Christ Church, Beechworth, on Wednesday. The clergymen present were the Archdeacon of Beechworth and Sale ; the Rev. W. L. C. Howard, Beechworth ; the Rev. Canon May, Yackandandah ; the Rev. Mr Sheldon, Benalla ; the Rev. Mr Love, Rutherglen; and the Rev. Mr Cross, Wangaratta. Letters of apology for non-attendance were read from the Rev. Mr Holt, Bright ; the Rev. Mr Jones, Wodonga ; and the Rev. Mr Goodwin, Mansfield. After the usual devotional exercises, his lordship de livered the following charge : — Beloved Brethren in the Ministry of the Gospel, — This is the first occasion on which I have invited the clergy of this portion of the diocese to meet me here. Hitherto, in consequence of your being so few in number, and so widely separated from one another, I have not thought it de sirable to bring you together at a visita tion ; but now that your number has increased, and you have an archdeacon residing among you, I have gladly availed myself of my visit for this purpose. It is a cause of mnch thankfulness that we are thus permitted to meet, and it is at the same time a solemn meeting ; solemn in respect to you, yet more solemn as regards myself. The duty which I have now to perform of speaking to you ex cathedra upon a number of topics relating to your ministry, would always, under any circumstances, be one of very grave responsibility. But at the present time, when so many momen tous questions agitate men's minds, and so much strife of tongues and bitterness of spirit prevail, — certainly among the clergy of the Church in England, and, I fear, to some extent among those in this diocese, — I should shrink from, undertaking it, but that the Lord, the great Head of the Church, has imposed it upon me, and for the assurance that He, according to His promise to. His apostles, will be with me in fulfilling it. I trust I am not pre sumptuous in expressing a hope, that the words which I shall now speak, whatever admixture of human infirmity they may elicit, will be substantially such as the Spirit of God puts into my mouth. Ex cept for this confidence I should not dare thus authoritatively to address you. While, however, I myself have (as I think every servant of God, when fulfil ling the duties of his office, ought to have) this trust in the divine guidance, I do not ask you to receive every opinion which I shall express as indisputable. Listen to me as your bishop with re spectful attention, and pay due deference to what I say ; but . do not so call any man master upon earth, as to divest yourselves of individual responsibility. By the exercise of your own reason and conscience in the reading of tho Bible, with prayer for the teaching of the Holy Spirit, "prove all things," and then " hold fast that which is good." Let me, however, ask you to lift up your hearts to God, and, while I am speaking, pray that he will so bless my words as to make you all, through their influence on your life and doctrine, more fully to set forth His praise, and more effectually set forward the salvation of those committed to your charge. I shall now omit all mention of matters relating to the ex ternal condition and prospects of the church, and confine myself to such as peculiarly concern yourselves, your minis try, and the mutual relation in which we stand towards each other. During all the years of my episcopate, but especially of late; my thoughts have been much occupied with the severe trials of faith and patience, to which, from their position and circumstances, many of the parochial clergy are sub jected. These arise from various causes, of which I would particularly mention the four following : — The insufficiency and irregular payment of their stipends, whereby in several cases faithful and earnest ministers of Christ have been reduced to so great penury, as scarcely to be able to procure the necessaries of life for their fami lies ; an inability to provide a suitable education for their children, which naturally occasions great anxiety to pa rents, who know how much the charac ter of the man depends upon the early training of the boy ; their isolation from their clerical brethren, and often from all intelligent Christian friends, capable of advisiDg them in difficulties and sympa thising with them in distress ; and lastly, the pressure of overmuch work, beyond their time and strength to perform. These trials of faith and patience are often, as I have said, very severe ; and I deeply sympathise with my brethren, who are called to endure them. But I would af fectionately exhort them not to give way to discouragement and unbelief, nor to distrust their Heavenly Father, who has said, " I will never leave thee or forsake thee." Especially I would caution them against seeking relief from their anx ieties and difficulties in any way that is contrary to the mind and will of God. If a clergyman be suffering on account of an inadequate and irregularly paid sti pend, or be troubled because his chil dren cannot he educated as he wishes, or depressed by the loneliness of his posi tion, let him not therefore think that he may justly claim to be removed to some other cure, where he shall be free from these causes of disquietude. Let him re member, that, if he be removed, either the cure which he leaves must remain va cant, or some brother in the ministry, perhaps equally sensitive with himself to these evils, must be appointed to his place. If, in the providence of God, the opportunity for removal be afforded him, he may rightly avail himself of it ; but he should patiently wait in a submissive spirit for such an opportunity. Above all a minister of Christ should take heed, that he never push himself into any po sition, hut always follow the guidance of God. For if he have not a confidence that the Lord has placed him where he is, (which is impossible if he have sought the appointment himself) he cannot de pend upon the Lord being present with him in his work ; and if the Lord be not with him, he will find all his wisdom to be foolishness and his strength utter weakness. On the other hand, if a cler gyman be assured that the post which he occupies has been assigned to him by his Divine Master, then, however greatly he may be tried, he can cast himself upon that Master for support and comfort. Let each therefore — it may seem to some a hard saying, but I speak advisedly — be willing to suffer whatsoever of privation or anxiety the Lord appoints for him — let him, if possible, avoid incurring debts — let him commit his children, as well as himself, to the care of his Hea venly Father — let him by his faithful earnest preaching, his diligent pastoral visitation, his loving care for souls, com mend himself to the consciences of his people. Then shall he not fail in the end to experience the truth of the Apos tle's saying, " All things work together for good to them that love God." (Rom. viii, 28.) How many-soever, grievous, and long-continued be his afflictions, the Lord shall deliver him out of them all, and in the end enable him to testify that goodness and mercy have followed him all his days. The trial occasioned by the pressure of overmuch work, beyond their strength to perform, deserves our particular con sideration, not only from its painfulness to a tender conscience, but also from its tendency to harden the conscience, and produce an insensibility to the spiritual condition of those who, while within a clergyman's parochial sphere, are prac tically beyond the reach of his ministry. Let me therefore ask your attention to a few observations upon it. In the first place — every clergyman, who has more ministerial work than he is able to get through, must take heed lest the ina bility to do all that he wishes, become, unconsciously to. himself, the cause of not doing all that he can. This result, if it be not watched against, is very likely to occur. Whosoever therefore feels him self over-worked ought to be especially careful, that he do not fritter away any portion of his time, but employ the whole thoughtfully, and . prayerfully, to the best advantage. Again ; . every such clergyman should endeavor to do his work with a quiet mind, and not uselessly fret himself ou account of what he is compelled to leave undone. At the same time — and this, is most, important — ho should beware of .becoming gradually insensible to the trial, and ceasing to feel any pain from it ; this would be for him self, as well as for his people, the worst consequence that could ensue ; and it is one so natural, that only great watchful ness, with the grace of God, can prevent it. Man' of you must be conscious, how apt we are to put away from our minds, and practically make light of, the lamentable fact, that there are in this diocese thousands of grown up meu and women, professing members of our church, who never attend its services, or are visited by its clergy. But it is a fact, which we all, especially those of you who have committed to you the cure of souls in populous towns, parishes, or large parochial districts, ought continually to reflect upon, and mourn over before God ; praying, that means may be devised for bringing by His help these neglected, ones under effective ministerial influence. From the trials of the parochial clergy I turn to: their duties. In the observa tions which ! shall offer upon these, I do. not . aim so.. much. to tell you any thing new, as to " stir up 'your pure minds by way of remembrance." First then ; I would remind you— -for we all need to be continually reminded — that the whole work of the ministry is com prised in the. descriptive words- of our Ordination Office ; "to teach and to premonish, to feed and. provide for, the Lord's family ; to seek for Christ's- sheep that are dispersed abroad, and for his children who are in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through 'Christ for ever. The object which every minister of Christ should have continually before him is, to bring all such as are committed to his charge unto that agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness. of age in Christ, that there be no place left among them either for error in religion, or for viciousness in life. Further, I would remind you that you cannot by any other means compass the doing of so weighty a work, pertaining to the salvation of man, but with doctrine and exhortation taken out of the holy scriptures, and with a life agreeable- to the same." At this time you have all special need to remember these things ; for, on the one hand, success in the ministry is very commonly estimated by the largeness of a congrega tion, rather than by the evidences of a work of grace begun and carried on in the hearts of individuals ; and, on the other hand, it seems to be thought by many, that doctrine and exhortation out of the holy scriptures, are no longer the means to be used by ministers of Christ for the conversion of sinners, and the perfecting of' saints. I would therefore, my beloyed brethren, solemnly warn all of you against falling inte either of these errors. You may preach excellent morality ; you may extol the virtues of benevolence, mutual forbearance, and forgiveness of injuries ; you may set forth in glowing language the social blessings conferred upon mankind by Christianity, and hold out as an example unto your people the perfect character of the man Jesus; but all the while you may not convince a single sinner of his guilt before God ; you may not impart peace to a single sin-burdened conscience ; you may not strengthen a single believer for the conflict which he is carrying on with the world, the flesh, and the devil. For now, as formerly, " the weapons of our warfare are not carnal." Still, as of old, the Gospel, and the Gospel alone, is " the power of God unto salvation." In ! this, the 19th century after Christ, as much as in the first, is there a necessity for preachers to resolve that they will know nothing in their pulpits " save Jesus Christ and Him crucified." If you would save sinners, " repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ," must be the subject of your sermons. If you would persuade the people of God to glorify Him by their zeal and diligence in all good works, the motive which you urge upon them must be His mercies in their redemption by His well-beloved son. Again, you may have large congre gations, and yet few, if any, spiritual worshippers in your churches. If people assemble themselves together for the j gratification of the senses, or for any object other than the rendering of thanks to God for the great benefits received at His hands, the setting forth of His praise, the hearing of His holy word, and the asking from Him of the things which they want for their souls and bodies, they are not likely to worship Him in spirit and in truth. Almost surely will they, by calling upon Him with their lips while their hearts are far from Him, take His holy name in vain, and so aggravate their guilt in His sight. Perhaps indeed some so coming may receive into their hearts the arrow of God's word, and be constrained thereby to cry unto Him for pardon and salva tion ; but these will be exceptional cases. The large majority of those, who Sabbath after Sabbath thus profane the house of prayer, will have their consciences more and more seared by habits of formality and worldliness, and at last perish in impenitence and prac tical unbelief. If this description of a congregation composed of " lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God," sound harsh in your ears, say, my brethren, whether it is not a faithful representation of what you yourselves have seen and known. If you cannot but acknowledge that it is, then I solemnly charge you to beware of using carnal means for carrying on the work of the Lord. I charge you to beware of attracting a congregation to hear fine music, and so turn the house of prayer into a place of public amusement. Music may rightly be employed by spiritual worshippers to shew forth the praisos of God ; and, provided that it be adapted to that object, it cannot be too good of- its kind. But if music he used to attract the worldly-minded to our churches, to gratify the vanity of choirs, or to please the . ears of a congregation, it'is an abomination in the sight of God. Instead of promoting, it will greatly injure the progress of pure religion and piety', among -youri people, and will impah', not increase, your ministerial efficiency. Trust,' my - brethren, to the simple, earnest, loving proclamation of the Gospel ; to the diligent and affec tionate pastoral visitation of your people, for filling your churches, and increasing the number of communicants. In the use of these means you may be assured of God's blessing ; and if He grant unto you to see a large attendance at public worship and at the Lord's table, you may have a good hope that those who are thus brought together shall prove your joy, and crown of rejoicing, in the day of the Loi'd Jesus. Having spoken of . pastoral visitation, I would express my earnest hope that you will all remember the obligation upon you, not only ipublicly, but also privately to admonish 'and ex hort, as well tho sick,- as the whole within your cures. I would not be . thought - to intimate that I re garded: any of you as guilty of wilful negligence in this particular.: I well know how impossible it is for you, single handed as you are, duly to fulfil all your various parochial duties. Nevertheless I may, I trust, without appearing to imply that you have; hitherto neglected it, affectionately urge upoh you the importance of faithfully fulfilling to the utmost of your ability this very important part of -your ministerial work.- Do not be content to - leave it, as from the in adequate number of the clergy it is left in many parishes and parochial districts — to the great iujury both of ministers and people — almost altogether undone ; but endeavor, by a methodical arrangement of your time, bv not wasting it your selves or allowing others to waste; it for you, to do - all you possibly can for its due performance. Endeavor also to obtain the help ; of pious laymen and women for carrying on a system of house to house visitation among those classes which usually are willing to receive their visits Such lay-helpers will be of great assistance to you, not only by going as your representatives where you are unable to so in person, but also bv informing yon of cases where your presence is specially required. The difficulty of procuring suitable persons as visitors is doubtless much greater here than in England ; but- they may be found, if clergymen are continually on the look out for them. In speaking to you of your duties, I must not omit to remind you that, besides those of a ministerial character towards their people, parochial clergymen have others toward one another, toward their diocese, and toward their bishop. Clergymen of the same church ought especially to cherish brotherly kindness toward one another, and as far as cir cumstances permit, cultivate a friendly intercourse among themselves. While, if there be necessity, they may advise, admonish, and even rebuke, they ought never hastily to judge, still less to speak evil of one another. They should endeavor to do each other good, to strengthen each other's hands in the Lord, and above all they should pray for one another. By the habitual exercise of a mutual kindly influence, and by constant mutual intercession at the throne of grace, the clergy will most effectually help to preserve the church from false doctrine, heresy, and that schism, of which wo have most reason to be afraid, a schism in their own body. Remember then, my brethren, these duties, which you owe to one another. You owe also a duty to your diocese. Our parochial system, preferable as we believe it to be, not only to the con gregational system of the Independents, but also to the central system of the Wesleyans, has, like every human in- stitution, its peculiar disadvantages. One of these is, that it tends to isolate every individual clergyman, and make him to look altogether " on his own things," the benefit of his particular parish, instead of looking beyond these " on the things of others," extending his sympathies to other parishes and the neglected parts of his diocese. This selfishness — for such in fact it is — injures, as all selfishness must injure, both the individual and the community. It is impossible not to perceive that the diocese at large greatly suffers from it ; ! and sure I am, my brethren, that every parish where it is indulged suffers also. For in watering others we ourselves are watered. In doing good to others we ourselves receive good. Do not, there fore, in your natural anxiety for your respective parishes, forget your duty to the diocese at large. You owe likewise a duty to j'our bishop, but upon this I need say nothing; for from the clergy of this archdeaconry I have always experienced quite as much deference, and quite as ready a compli ance with my advice and suggestions as I could expect or desire. I therefore pass on to another subject. In the regulation of his conduct, every man who sincerely desires always to do what is right, and avoid doing what is wrong, will throughout this life frequently be perplexed and troubled by questions of conscience, upon which he is unable to come to a perfectly satisfactory decision ; this will happen to ministers of Christ as well as to others, and it will be the more painful to them, inasmuch as they are enjoined to be examples of the believer, and should therefore walk with the more wariness and circumspection. Whether they should take part in certain amuse ments, or be present at certain social gatherings ; whether they should promote particular parochial meetings, or sanc tion particular modes of raising money for church purposes ; these are practical matters, on which they are from time to time called to make up their minds, and as to which they may often feel much perplexity. It is not my intention now to speak of them in detail. Upon some I have already on various occasions expressed my sentiments. But, for the help of my younger brethren, I would give you this general advice, the result of much thought and long experience, upon the subject. Keep ever in mind the two sayings of St. Paul ; the one, "All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient ; all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not." — (1 Cor. v. 23) ; the other, " Whether therefore ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." — — (1 Cor. x. 21). Aftor -his example, and in obedienco to his injunction, consider not only the lawfulness, but also the expediency, of whatever is proposed to you ; and ask yourselves whether you can truly say, that you do it for the (/lory of God. Beware, moreover, of laying down general rules for your selves, and then regarding the questions to which they relate as finally settled. A thoughtful man, as he acquires by observation and experience greater prac tical wisdom, will continually find occasion to modify his previous opinions, and alter his conduct, accordingly. Such inconsistency- may subject him to reproach or ridicule ; but, as it marks a growth in grace, and a clearer knowledge of the Divine will, no man of God ought to he ashamed of it. i I now turn to topics of a different character. In my charge, delivered in Melbourne in 1866, I entered at great length into the consideration of various matters, suggested by the then state of the church in England, and by circum stances which had recently occurred in this diocese. Since that time the pro gress of events has rendered it still more necessary for me to enforce upon you the importance of recognising and persistently acting upon, the principles which I then endeavored to inculcate, namely, that it is the duty of us all to render an honest unreserved submission to the authority of our church in all particulars, upon which its judgment has been clearly expressed ; and mutually to tolerate tho differences which exist among us upon those matters, as to which either the church has pronounced no decision, or its language may fairly admit of more than one interpretation. If this principle be conscientiously maintained, and if the clergy will refrain from forming parties for the propagation of their several opinions, we may hope, by the blessing of God, even in these critical times, when all the various forms of error and all the elements of strife so ereatlv abound else- where, to preserve peace and truth among . ourselves. May he who is em phatically " the Truth," and who is also " the Prince of Peace," by that Spirit whom he has procured for us from the Father, enable us, on the one hand, to contend earnestly " for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints," and, on the other, always to exhibit that charity, from which if we swerve we shall be in danger of turning aside into vain jangling. Pray, then, my brethren, pray fervently and continually for our beloved Church, that the great Captain of our salvation may frustrate the designs of Satan, and not permit him to prevail against it, either for its corruption or dismemberment. Referring to the opinions which I expressed in my last charge upon the character of the music, the constitution of the choir, and the portion of the service to be sung in our churches, I would now repeat, that, so far as the Church authorises you to exercise your own judgment, I do not desire to impose mine upon you, but only to ask you to give the subject your serious attention, aud to seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit, remembering always the solemn account you mnst hereafter give for the manner in which you use your discretion. As it appears from the joint opinion of Sir Robert Phillimoro and Dr Stephen, that a bishop has no authority to inter fere except upon an appeal beiDg made to him in some particular case, I have withdrawn my general order upon the intoning of any prayers or responses, respecting which the alternative of saying and singiug is not allowed by the rubric. But the further investigation of the sub ject has only confirmed me in the opinion, that the prayer book does not authorise the practice ; and that, for as much as its lawfulness must be admitted to be at the least doubtful, every paroch ial clergyman is bound in conscience, according to the evident meaning of the direction in the preface to the prayer book, to conform therein to the injunc tion of his bishop. I would therefore again express my objection to the inton ing of such prayers and responses by the minister or the choir at morning or evening prayers, and to the chanting of the responses to the commandments in the communion service. The further progress of controversy, both within and without the church, requires me to allude to some other matters, on which, as appears to me, very dangerous practical errors at present prevail. Understand, my brethren, that it is with no assumption of personal superiority, but with a deep sense of official responsibility, that I address rou upon them. First of all, perhaps, is the importance of sound dogmatic teaching. Of the truths comprehended in the christian religion some are confessed by all churches to be fundamental, a belief in them being essential unto salvation ; while others do not, so far as we can judge, directly affect our title as individuals to the inheritance of the saints in light, or our personal growth in grace ; and others again always have been, and appear likely always to continue, subjects of controv ersy between men, whom we must not only acknowledge to be true christians, but admire for their learning and ability. Hence, although we cannot allow that the distinction between truth and error unon anv relisious question is of trivial consequence, we shall do well, upon matters of subordinate importance and those on which consent among the faith ful servants of Christ cannot reasonably be expected, to avoid unprofitable con troversy. We shall thus usually best promote the well being and extension of the church of Christ. In respect, how ever, to the essentials of Christianity, and to those doctrines which immediately affect the present holiness and peace and the future salvation of individuals, a minister of Christ cannot without unfaith fulness to his trust, allow his love of peace to restrain him from the plain declaration of the truth of the gospel, and the fearless condemnation of any error, by which it has been, or is in danger of being, corrupted. If it be asked, as it may be ; how are those matters of doctrine, which are thus essential, to be distinguished from those which are of subordinate importance ? I answer ; in every particular case, on which we are called upon to form a practical decision, we must each for himself, by the study of the. Scriptures and history of the church, by reflection, and by such help as we may be able to derive from the writings and conversation of wise and holy men, above all by prayer for the enlightening influence of the Holy Spirit, endeavour to arrive at a right judgment ; and then we must act upon our judgment. If we conscientiously, and with due pains, use these means for informing our minds, and regulating our conduct in each separate instance, we shall seldom, if ever, greatly err. He who giveth wisdom to them that ask it from Him, will guide us aright". There needs, however, that, on every question with which we are practically concerned, we should thus carefully and conscientious ly form our judgment, and act accordingly. At this time, while some, holding high positions in the church in England, zealously labour to propagate opinions, which I hold to be contrary to the word of God, and perilous to the souls of men, others, admiring their earnestness, are disposed to think lightly of their erroneous doctrine, and to deprecate all controversy respecting it. They would seek peace at the expense of truth. I dread the consequence of this spurious liberality, this mistaken charity. It has no warrant in the Bible. It is wholly unlike the charity of the apostles, and of all the eminent saints of God in later ages of tho Church. What does the Bible, what does all ecclesiastical church history teach us but that the truth must be maintained and propagated by an unceasing con troversy with error ? Not only were Luther and Calvin, Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer, and the rest of the reformers of the sixteenth century controversialists, but so likewise were Athanasius and Augustine, and all the early fathers ; and so also were Peter and Paul, James and John. They not only proclaimed the truth, but they vehemently contended against error. Especially did they de nounce those who taught false doctrines. In how strong language did Paul write of such to the Corinthians, calling them " false apostles, deceitful workers, trans forming themselves into the apostles of Christ to the Galatians pronouncing them to be " accursed," and wishing that " they were even cut off !" How earnestly did he warn the Colossians against those who would " beguile them with enticing words," or " spoil" them "through philosophy and vain deceit, after the traditions of men, after the ru diments of the world, and not- after Christ !" With what affectionate fervor did he exhort Timothy to keep that which was committod to his trust, "avoiding pro- fane and vain babblings and opposition of science falsely so called," adding, " which some professing have erred concerniug the faith !" But why should I multiply, references ? Of one other passage only will I remind you, namely, that wherein John, the apostle whom Jesus loved, warned " the elect lady" against receiv ing into her house any one who did not bring " the doctrine of Christ." Do not, therefore, my brethren, depreciate the importance of sound dogmatic teaching. Do not make light of doctrinal error. No one who does so can bo a faithful i steward of the mysteries of God. i Apart, however, from the consideration of how we ought individually to judge of, and to maintain, sound doctrine, there is another question, which, as it has of late provoked much discussion, we must not overlook, namely, what tost has our church adopted, wherewith to try the ' doctrine of its ministers ? And how does it apply that test ? This question, or rather these two questions, may, if we calmly consider the matter, be easily answered. First : The test which the church has adopted to try the doctrine of its ministers is obviously the volume of its authoritative documents ; its articles of religion, its catechism, its book of consecration of archbishops and bishops, and of ordering of priests and deacons, and tho various services and offices of its Book of Common Prayer. A clergyman, who in preaching or teaching affirms any thing which is denied, or denies anything which is affirmed, in these documents, i3 thereby, in tho judgment of the church, guilty of false doctrine. But with respect to all those matters (and there are very many) upon which the church has not thus pronounced an authoritative opinion, he is free to exercise his own private judgment. To its laity the church allows a yet wider scope ; for it requires from them at their baptism and confirmation no other profession of faith than that which is contained in the apostle's creed. Herein consists the comprehensiveness of the Church of England ; and God forbid that it should ever lose a character, by which it is, in our opinion, so favorably distinguished from some other churches. But let us not forget, that, while com prehensive, it is also exclusive as to both its ministry and its communion, and that it shuts out from the one and the other all who transgress the limits which it imposes upon them. Before proceeding, however, I must beg you not to misunderstand me, as though I intended to put the authoritative lan guage of the church in the place of, or upon a level with, the inspired word of God. Such is not my meaning. Since the apostolic age the volume of the Scriptures has been the one only original source of all revealed truth, and the one final test of sound doctrine. As such our church expressly recognises it, affirming in the sixth article, that " Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation ; so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to bo required of any man that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation." In accordance herewith,, the church also requires its ministers to promise that they will out of the sacred Scriptures instruct the people com mitted to their charge. But you will remember, that, when a man applies for admission into the ministry of a par ticular church, he must be assumed to have previously satisfied himself of the substantial agreement of that church, both as to doctrine and mode of worship, with the bible. He is, therefore,, no. longer at liberty to appeal from the: church to the bible ; so long as he retains- his office therein, he must accept its dogmas and conform to its rules. Wil fully and persistently to teach contrary to the one, or to infringe the other, would be a violation of his ordination vows, for which he would be justly liable, according to the nature of the offence, to censure and punishment. Whosoever cannot conscientiously adhere to the doctrine, and comply with the require ments of the church in which he ministers, certainly ought not any longer to retain his ministerial office. But then the second question arises, and it is of the greatest practical im portance, viz : How does the church apply this test of sound doctrine ? The answer is, partly by its bishops, and partly by its ecclesiastical courts. Partly by its bishops in the discretion which it gives them as to the admission of per sons to the order either of deacons or priests, and also in the authority which it empowers and requires them to ex ercise in the admonition and exhortation of the clergy. A bishop is invested by the church with the power of rejecting, according to his own sole judgment, any. candidate for ordination. If. a clerk in- full orders have been duly presented to a benefice, the bishop, may be compelled by a court of law to institute him to it. But no court of law can compel him to ordain a man whom he deems for any reason whatever to be unfit for the ministry. Moreover, the church both authorises and requires a bishop, not only by his own preaching, but also by calling upon and encouraging others, especially the parochial clergy, both privately and openly, " with all faithful diligence, to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrine contrary to God's word." If then any parochial clergyman be, in the opinion of the bishop, guilty of teaching such erroneous and strange doctrine, the bishop is both authorised and required, in the manner that he shall judge best, to admonish that clergyman of his error, and exhort him to correct it. To do this is his plain duty, and therefore should never be re garded by a conscientious clergyman as an unwarrantable interference with him in tho fulfilment of his ministry. But the bishop can do no more. As I have already noticed, he cannot at his own discretion refuse to institute a clerk, who has been duly presented to a benefice in his diocese ; nor can he arbitrarily remove the incumbent of any parish from his cure. This can be done only by the judgment of an ecclesiastical court. Through these courts, therefore, it is that the church, as occasion may require, enforces upon the beneficed parochial clergy conformity to its tenets. On these courts it depends both for de livering its people from unfaithful men; if any such have found an entrance into 'its ministry, and for protecting its faith ful ministers from all injustice and op pression. Thus, my brethren, does the church, in the application of its test of sound doctrine, use partly its bishops, and partly its ecclesiastical courts. The responsibility of maintaining in a diocese sound doctrine on the one hand, and a due comprehensiveness on the other, rests, therefore, in great measure on the bishop. He is answerable to the church for not opening too widely, or shutting too closely, the door of ad- j mission into its ministry. If from a mistaken liberality he shrink . from ap- plying to evory candidate for holy orders the church's test of' doctrine, or if in his . zeal for "his own private opinions he apply any other test than that which the church prescribes, he equally incurs the \- guilt of an unfaithful ruler. So also if, while he honestly. endeavors to fulfil his . twofold obligation, he either misunder- stands the test of the church as to a particular doctrine, or misapplies it in the case of a particular individual, his error may he productive of much public mis chief, and do a great private injustice. Against these evils tho only security of the church lies in the character of the bishop himself for diligence of in vestigation, sound and unbiassed judg ment, and a strict conscientiousness ; and in the carefulness and impartiality of him and his chaplains in examining can didates for ordination. For myself Lean say ; God is witness that my desire and endeavour have always been to discern and do that which is right ; but I am too well acquainted with the liability to error in mankind generally, and in myself in particular, for me to dare to allege that I have not often erred both on the one side and on the other. May the chief Bishop preserve his church from any injury through my mistakes and infirmities; and may he enable me, while I continue in my high office, so . to act that both the clergy and laity of the diocese may have a just confidence in my decisions. Although it would obviously he im possible, and unwise for me to attempt, to enumerate all the particulars, in which the church requires its ministers, and in which therefore a bishop should require candidates for orders, to be sound in the faith, yet you may justly expect me, at this period of strife and, division to declare plainly, by what rule I have acted, and purpose still to act, in respect to those questions, which now threaten to rend to pieces the Church in England. This I am quite willing to do. Already, on various occasions I have expressed my sentiments upon them ; hut I will now publicly and officially inform you of the course of conduct concerning them, which I have laid down for myself. Before doing so let me remind you, that I am not concerned about the tenets or customs of particular schools of theology, hut only with the opinions held by par ticular persons coming before me either as candidates for ordination or (for the Church here has given me similar discre tionary power with respect to them) as applicants for clerical employment in this diocese. Let me remind you also, that I am going to speak only of certain points of doctrine upon which, as it appears to me, especially becomes a bishop at the present time to endeavour to main tain among the clergy soundness in the faith. Among these are some, on which the church has expressed itself affirmatively ; e. y. the divine authority of the Holy Scriptures as inspired of God, the vicari ous sacrifice of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ for the sins of the world, and the personality aud Godhead of the Holy Spirit. I cannot conscientiously ordain, or admit to the ministry in this diocese, any one who does not give me satisfactory assurance, that he bond jide holds, and will faithfully teach, these fundamental truths of the Gospel. Again there are others, on which, as I conscientiously believe, the Church has with equal plainness expressed itself in the negative e.g. the presence of the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Chris1, in any sense whatever, in the bread and wine after consecration by the officiating priest at the administration of the Lord's supper ; the offering of Christ to God, in any sense whatever, by the officiating priest at that Holy Sacrament ; the practice, as distinguished from the occa sional use, of confession to, aud the private pronouncing of absolution and the imposing of peuances by, a priest ; the addition of auy ceremonial in public worship, not enjoined, or expressly per- ' mitted, by the Book of Common Prayer. I cannot conscientiously ordain, or admit to the ministry in this diecese, any one who does not give me satisfactory assu rance, that he heartily approves, and will strictly adhere to, the doctrine and direc tions of the church in these particulars. In the latter, as well as in the former, case, no other qualifications of whatever kind, — neither piety, nor zeal for God, nor amiability, nor genius, — can com pensate for an indistinctness or hesita tion, upon such vital matters. My object at present is not to defend but only simply state the position, which I have deliberately taken, and which, by God's help, I intend to maintain for the preservation of the church bore from the " false doctrine, heresy, and schism," now prevalent to a great extent fn our fatherland. Therein I am responsible to God and to the church ; and I trust that I shall approve myself to Him aud to it. I knowthat how great soever care I may use, some men will deceive me, and so obtain ordination or admission into the diocese ; and that others, after they have been so ordained or admitted, will totally change their opinions and course of conduct. In such instances, when they occur, I am hound, so long as I can cherish a hope that ni' admonitions will have any effect, i to admonish clergymen of their errors, and endeavor to bring them into the way of truth. But if I am unable to convince or persuade them, I do not think that I shonld in general do the Church service by having recourse to legal proceedings. . Unless therefore I am specially called upon to interfere, X shall not in any case take further action. I shall prefer to commit the issue to the Lord, in prayer, and in confidence that He will either deliver such as have thus "erred and are deceived" from the . errors into which they have fallen, or in His own good time and way remove them. Our church has often been reproached with the existence of so much false .. doctrine in its ministry ; but those who reproach us herewith should remember \- that false doctrine abounded also iu the church of the apostolic age ; and that, while in their epistles the apostles earnestly contended against it, they did not, usually at least, cast out those who held or taught it. If it ever should prevail among the clergy here as it now prevails among the clergy in Englaud, (which God forbid), we might still com fort ourselves" by. the saying of St. Paul : " There must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest amoDg you." Upon one matter of doctrine, and some points of ritual, I would add a few remarks ; and I would preface what I am now going to say with an earnest ex hortation to you all, especially to my younger, brethren. Always examine, and decide, every question concerning doctrine and worship by the authoritative state ments of the Bible and Prayer Book ; and judge of the character of every other book by its harmony in tone and feeling with these two. None other should ever he allowed to supersede these, or he regarded as authoritatively supplying any supposed deficiencies in them Other books may help us in understanding these, and in applying to practice the principles contained in them. For such purposes the works of learned men of all ages will be very valuable ; but in using them bear always . in mind that if, upon laying one of them down and taking up the Bible or Prayer Book, you feel yourself to have passed, as it were, into another region of thought, and to be breathing another spiritual atmosphere, that hook is somehow or other radically wrong. You may not he able to detect in it any erroneous principle, or to say what are its faults ; hut if it do not harmonise with the Bible or Prayer Book, its influence cannot but be in jurious, and the more so in proportion as it gratifies the tastes or sentiments of the natural man. If this test be applied, it will be found to condemn a very large number of the religions writings both of our own and former ages, aud especially those relating to the particular subject to which I now desire to direct your attention, the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Upon the doctrine of the Bible and Prayer Book concerning this ordinance, eveiy clergy man of our church at the present day ought to he fully persuaded in his own mind, and to take heed that the judgment which he has formed upon it is right. On the false doctrine, which, to borrow the- language of our Homily, "of the memory" makes this sacrament to be "a sacrifice," and which for a spiritual pre sence of Christ in the heart off: a believ ing recipient, substitutes an unintelligi ble mystical presence of His body aud blood in the bread and wine, has been built up all that hideous superstructure of superstition aud almost idolatry, which now so grieves and alarms every intelli gent simple- minded member of our Church. Such deadly heresy, as I have already said, altogether unfits a man for the ministerial office. But, besides and apart from it, there appear to prevail iu England, (and I fear that they may spring up, aud spread themselves here) very mis taken notions concerning the Lord's Sup per, derived perhaps from the language of some ancient writers, but certainly not waranted by the Bible or Prayer Book. I would therefore briefly remind yon of what these, which contain the written word of God, and authoritative formu laries of the Church say respecting it : — First : we read in three of tho Gospels how our Lord Jesus Christ instituted this Holy Supper, in the place (as it would seem) of the feast of the Passover, for the continual remembrance of the sacrifice of His death. Secondly ; we find in the Acts of the Apostles several apparent re ferences to its observance under the phrase "breaking of bread," and thirdly ; in 1st Corinthians occur two remarkable passages, in which distinct mention is made of it. One of these is in x. 16, 17 v., aud the other in xi. from 20 to 34 v. In the former the cup, described as " the cup of blessing which we bless" is said to ho " the communion of the blood of Christ;" aud "the bread which we break" to he "the communion of the body of Christ." Whence we infer that the faithful receivers of the Sacra ment, in eating of the bread aud drink ing of the wine, do "Verily and indeed eat together the body and drink together the blood of Christ," in that Spiritual sense in which our blessed Lord declares such eating and drinking to be necessary unto everlasting life. (John vi. 58 to 58 v.) From the latter we learn that the insti tution of this ordinance was a part of the revelation made by the Lord Jesus to St. Paul, and preached by him to the Gentiles as a showing forth, or pro claiming (for that is the meaning of the word used), by the church of the Lord's death until His coming again. We therefore infer that it is obligatory upon the church in all ages, and " generally necessary to salvation." We learn also from this latter passage, that it is a henious sin for christians, (the apostle is speaking of persons who ought to come to, not of those who ought to stay away from the Lord's table), that it is a heinous sin for christians to eat of the bread and drink of the wiue " un worthily," so as not by the conscious exercise of faiih to discern " the Lord's body" thereby symbolised. Such persons the" apostle declares to be guilty of the body aud blood of the Lord ; i.e. of doing dishonour to, putting a slight upon, the body of Christ broken, and the blood of Christ shed, as a sacrifice for the sins of the world. That he may not incur so great guilt, every true believer is exhorted before joining his brethren in this common expression of tlieir thankful remembrance of the death of Christ, to examine himself, and so come to the Lord's supper with due reverence and faith. All this our church teaches iu its articles, its catechism, and its com munion office. Both as to doctrine and to tone, in this as in other matters, the most perfect harmony subsists between the bible and the prayer book. But there is nothing in either to justify the exaggerated language used by some of the early fathers, and lately adopted by certain modern writers. No where cither in the bible or the prayerboolc is the Lord's supper spoken of as "the central act of christian 'worship the one chief means of grace, in comparison with which 'all others are of small im portance ; the one mode of spiritual' feeding upon Christ. No where is there an indication of auy particular sanctity being attached to the place where it was I eaten, or even to the bread and wine used for the purpose. Nothing is said about the time or 'mode of its administra tion, I should rather say, of its reception : for, from what the Bible tells us, there ; would appear to have been no kind of formal administration. Certainly there Was no ceremonial, no ritual, no sym- bolic exhibition. All these things were snperadded-.in later ages. They have no Apostolic precedent. Tho allusions in the book of Acts, and the reasoning of St. Paul in those two passages of 1st Corinthians, contain all that the bible tells us concerning this sacrament. In none other of St. Paul's epistles is it alluded to, nor is there any notice of it in those of James, Peter, John, and Jude. This silence respecting it is very notice able, for if it had held the supreme place in the religion of Christ, which is now frequently assigned to it, it could not have been thus passed over in these divinely inspired writings. If it had been, as some represent it, the chief source of spiritual wisdom, strength, and consolation, to every christian, the apostles could not have altogether omitted to describe its excellency, and extol the benefits to he derived from it. If the doctrine of the writers I have referred to concerning it were apostolical, their writings and those of the apostles could not present in respect to it so remarkable a contrast to one another. Let me remind you, my brethren, of what I just now said, that, wherever such an incongruity exists, the doctrine of the bible mast he right, and that of the hook, which does not harmonise with the bible, must he wrong. In this, therefore, and in every other matter, take the bible and the prayer book for your guide. Preach and teach the obligation upon all christians to unite in expressing their thankful remembrance of the sacri fice of the death of Christ in the Lord's Supper. Preach and teach, that all " the faithful," i.e., all true believers in Christ, do therein verily and indeed, spiritually take and receive the body and blood of Christ, and that their souls are thereby strengthened and refreshed. But do not attach to. it an unscriptual pre eminence above other means of grace. Do not enforce it as the one thing needful. Do not give it an undue prominence in your sermons and private ministrations. Do not inculcate the necessity, or pro priety, of receiving it fasting. If you do so teach, your teaching will not he apostolical, for it will not he in . accord ance with the scriptures ; it will not he the teaching of the church, for it will not be in accordance with the prayer book. Concerning points of ritual, I may repeat the substance of what I said in my charge of 1866, that the duty of a bishop is not to interfere unnecessarily with any established usage, nor to insist upon an exact uniformity in immaterial particulars ; — when it is necessary for him to interfere, to declare what is, according to his judgment, the law of th church, aud to enjoin obedience to it; — to prevent, so far as he is able, any alterations in the accustomed mode of conducting divine service, which is neither expressly sanctioned by the rubric, nor obviously expedient ; —and, lastly, not to notice in the .way of reproof unimportant irregularities. To these views I still adhere; and ac.-ordingly, with reference to various deviations from strict rnbrical order which I shall not particularise, I will only say that I shall ho glad if they can he corrected. There are, however, two practices, which I have sometimes found adopted, and which, as being novel and unauthorised, and also in themselves objectionable, I would request auy of my brethren who have adopted them to discontinue. One is the reading of the offertory sentences, and the giving of the blessing, from within the communion rails after the sermon at evening prayer. These sentences, being a part of the communion office, ought not to be read except in their place in that office. And when a sermon follows morning or evening prayer, without the ante- communion office, the preacher is not warranted in leaving the place where he has delivered it, hut ought to couclude the service there. Another irregularity which I have heard of being committed, and which although perhaps in some particular circumstances excusable, might, if unnoticed, occasion offence, is the introduction into the service of un authorised special prayers. Such prayers, if there be cause for them should be used either before or after sermon, in the pulpit. As bishop I have assumed the authority of drawing up and allowing ( not prescribing J the use of forms of prayer on particular occasions ; hut I am not sure that I am right herein. Certainly no parochial clergyman is justified in so doing at his own discretion. In themselves these things are trifles ; but in the present state of our church such trifles possess an adventitious im7 portauce ; and it behoves you, my brethren, if you value ecclesiastical order and union, to abstain from all manner of. unauthorised innovation. I must now conclude. I dare not with the apostle Paul in his farewell address to the elders of the church at Ephesus " take you to record this day that I am pure from the blood of all." I would rather pray God, aud I would pray jmu, to forgive me whereinsoever I have offended against any. But I can truly affirm that, like him, " I exercise myself to have a conscience void of offence toward God and toward men ;" and I know, as you also know, that " if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous ; and He is the propitiation for our sins." May we all enjoy the full consolation of this assurance ! In taking leave of those among whom he had so long served the Lord, St. Paul experienced a double sorrow ; for himself, that he should see them no more ; and for them, because he foresaw that; after his departure grievous "wolves would enter in among them, and that also of tlieir own selves would men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them. I thank1 God that I cannot look into futurity. I know not what God will do with me, or what shall happen unto this church, of which I have been so long the bishop. It may be that He will permit ma to address you in this place again ; it may be that | He will forthwith summon me to give an account of my stewardship. Let Him do what seemeth Him good Again, it may be that He will, by the gracious influence of his Holy Spirit, purifying the church in this diocese from all corruption, and heal it of all divisions; or He may permit Satan to sow in it more and more the noxious seed of " false doctrine, heresy, and schism," so that it shall become, in the eyes of all believers, a field of tares. Beloved ( brethren, let us pray that He will be gra- i cious unto us, and bless us ; giving unto j us that which is good, and preserving us from all evil. Let us ask of Him to " give us grace" seriously to lay to heart the great dangers we are in by " the malice of the devil," and " our unhappy divisions," which give him so great an advantage against us. Let us beseech God to " take away all hatred and pre judice, and whatsoever else may hinder us from Godly union and concord ; that, as there is but "one body and one spirit, and one hope, of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of us all," so we may, throughout the whole diocese, believe you henceforth to be in this archdeaconry of one heart, and of one sonl, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and one month glorify God through Jesus Ghist our Lord. To Him, and " to the word of His grace," I commend you all; beseech ing you to " take heed unto yourselves ; and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood." The Lord be with you all evermore. Amen. 