it PUBLIC OPINION IN THE METRO t POLIS. t, (BY A CORnEsrON7nEOT.) Au commencement (as,the French say), I must tell you I am using " Smith's Manifold ,n writer," which enables me to copy and write is the letter at the same time. So you must not ]0 be astonished at the character of the inl I (Hibernian bull!. no ink being employed.) f Thisis an experiment, and you can let me g know if it works well-i.e., if the letter is a- suficiently legible when it reaches you. ?. You can have no knowledge of the complete d stagger Mr. Duffy's speech occasioned public re opinion, so called, in Melbourne, ,wlich was no distorted with the cowardly predetermination o- not even to hear.him. It was a verdict with out a trial; but fortunately Mr. Duffy's am p bition is "made of sterner stuff," and not d. withstanding the wild aslriek? of the Melbourne a. papers, the political 'stormi-birds have had no he untimely shipwreck to rejoice .upon. . Whilst e on-tho wing, I cannot refuse. the tcinptation of to compare the foal and fishy Argus to Cole ag ridge's dead albatross of the " Ancient Mari no nor."' It langs upon the nook of Victoria like of a thing of ill-omen, its embrace being dange rk rus to whomsoever it hugs : to "Ahl well a-day I what evil looks" of ad I from old and young I ho Instead of the cross, the albatros ' h About my neck was hung.'."' I thinl these are the lines, and you know the at tale. It is a strange fact that the genius of 9, the Argus is ever on the wrong side. But it is not for a moment questioned that the so. 20 called leading journal has no individual influ oe once; this is easily explained. UIpon purely n- abstract subjects of political economy, the r, .dArgue is enabled to form and give forth correct n- vioews-- oither their own based upon those of ir the acknowledged leaders of thought in Eng land and the Continent, or simply the opinions and arguments of the writers themselves. Ex ts empli gratlia--sy Frcotrado (a favourite or themo). It needs but refer to Ricardo, J. 8. Mill, Professor Fawoett,. or others, and they discovor the subject treated most ably and ex te pansively But when, d l'autre edtd, it has oc s3 milon to discuss some minor or more limited rr topic, some question of local origin or applica od tion, the Tory organ puts itself in immediateo. in opposition to the popular opinion; for the only at apparent reason that it will not agree with the Ly majority, but must have a notion of its own. of The hundred-eyed guardian of Is the heifer e being compelled to look in so many ways, finds corresponding difficulty in. discovering the correct path, whilst ordinary mortals with brt two visual organs find the restriction an incalculable benefitt. Ay It may invariably boeobserved that when ever the plebs becomed settled in a particular to direction, it instantly occurs to the ansorous b Argus to start theories, expositions, and in is junctions peculiarly its own; and should the of matter in discussion be confined to an indivi dual, as in the regard of dir. Duffy, as it Sformerly, was towards Mr. MP'Clloch, this leading journal will go into all the lanes and o byways of lower ]Johemia in search of lan guage to employ in all the boldness of largo c print; and with arguments and. rhotorio of the strcots-atiue ab obrits sutoribs--treats r the public, day by day, to its crapulous eructations. But the Argus is specially un a happy and unsafe in its charactor of prophet. " It reminds me of those turf writers in the n A( otralasian whe give "tips" upon different races to take place. " Casting the shadows a before coming events," as it wore, they toll `you that such a horse has "seen his day;" another "hasn't the ghost of a chance;" another is a "roarer;" can't " stay the dis-. l tance," and in fine you could kick your hat faster than he can gallop, &c.; ; and it Ii. variably turns out that these so- called " tlres legyod" horses run first, second, and third, or at least beat the " dead certainty." So is it with "our Collins-street contemporary." Some time ago Mr. Duffy couldn't got a man in the House to join him-no Government with Duffy in its ranks could live a week and so on; and to-day we see him with a full blown Cabinet returned by the country with out opposition, a strong party in the Houseo, and the confidonce aud approval of the general body of the community. I saw Mr. W7alsh on Friday last, when he told me his- return was perfectly sure. It would have been a shame to Ballarat East to allow such.'a man to be oven opposed-God knowv,, it is not often they have sent a firet class man to Parliament. eo is, as a barrister, of high talents and' knowledge, a. correct thinker and a logical speaker, ponsesied of all the elements necessary in a Minister and debater. Out of Parliament he is a genial, friendly, good-natured follow, with a kind face the index of a kinder heart; overybody has a good word and an earnest regard for him-in fine, he is, as Horoo describes, "o omo ad ungeom facttus"-one whom dignity becomes and success cannot change. Tho newest feature in the system of re tronchment which this Govornmeon will adopt will bo, I think, reduction in the salaries of Ministers-a species of direct self-saorifleoo not hithorto displayed. Buttheywill at the same time put'the pruning knife to other parts of the garden. Mr. M'Lellan has already dis. pensed with no less than five drafltsman in his department. Ministers are making inquiries from hen. members and others likely to be of assistance how and where curtailment might and should be effected. Everybody speaks in glowing terms of the wonderful change in the entiro of'the Lands Dopartment. Ited tape is now considerably below par, and the price of Sea has increased in an equal ratio. I was up there a short time since, and saw the resoluto President put himself outsido two cups of the mild bovorago withl a vigour almost savago. Even an out sider can perceive the business air of the place now, o.. 