THE STORY-TELLER. STIED FOR LIPE. \- By a West Australian Lady.. ELLEN HEATHER'S JOURNAL. (Contianued from our last). " I don't think that, until the train : ' started, I realized that I was now fairly 'launched upon the world, and had ' really entered upon a governess' life 'which poor papa had such a sad idea ' of. Leaving mama and all, was the 'sadest part, but then there is some ' thing invigorating in the feeling that ' you are going to work for an object, 'rather than to sit down, fold one's ' arms, and inactively view the struggle. 'I know the boys must fight hard to 'gain professions, and I should be ' wretched could I only watch the battle * and take no part in it. I tried to think 'of this all through, the journey, but I ' must own that my heart failed me when 'I arrived at the station where Mrs. ' Fleming had promised to send the car 'riage to meet me. It seemed so strange.: ' and lonely when no familiar face looked ' out for me, and I had to ask the station ' master if Mr. Fleming's carriage was 'there; however, I had not long to feel 'all this, for a handsome broughamr soon 'broughtme to my journey's end, and "the next moment _I was standing in a ' large lofty hall, brilliantly lighted by ' gaseliers, suspended from the centre of 'a handsome skylight. I stood for a 'moment uncertain, and shrinking from ' the sudden blaze oflight, when a bright ' eyed little boy. about eight years old, 'ranup and took me by the hand ( ' Come to mama in the breakfast room,' ' said he. I was led into a small elegantly ' furnished room on one side of the hall, ' where Mrs. Fleming received me in \- a manner so winning and gentle that I ' was quite unnerved, She was dressed ' in an evening dress of blue silk, which ' suited well her dark curls and the soft ' coloring of her complexion. ' You are ' tired I see,' said she 'and must go to 4 your room and rest a little before tea, * which we shall have altogether to-night ' in the dining-room, Herbert, shew Miss U Heather the wayup-stairs.' The little fel ' low tripped lightly up the long staircase ' and after traversing several winding pas * sages, brought me at last to a comforta , ble bedroom, overlooking a green lawn. 4 ' See,' said he, 'you will be over mama, ' so don't be frightened in the night. ' Shall I coine for you when tea is ' ready ?" I 'gladly accepted the offer, 'forI felt sure I should never find my ' way downstairs to the dining-room by 'myself. I had only a short time to un 'pack one of my trunks and prepare for .the ordeal of meeting the family at tea, 'wheni Herbert reappeared. For the 'first minute, I felt that I should have .been glad had the earth opened and ' swallowed me up; the next; my cou ' rage rose, and taking Herbert's offered * hand, we went down together to the 'dining-room which is handsome, and 'wears the same aspect of comfort, 'joined with elegance,' that I observe ' throughout, the house. Mr. Fleming 4 gave me a kindly welcome, and after Swe were all seated, my sprits revived ' and I looked around me. What could \- have induced Mrs. Fleming, so delicate, ' and spirituelle, so? intelligent looking, Sand gentle, to marry a man like her Shusband, who must be her senior by at Sleast twenty years, His hair is like ' snow, and what cold, dead eyes he has, ' and what a hard mouth, she cannot 'rlove, and yet she looks too sweet to be 'mercenary; I hope to unravel this little mystery some day. My four pu ' pile were all at tea; 10ate is the pret 'tiest, but I know Herbert will be. my 'favirorite. I had but little conversation with Mrs. Fleming on my first night here, for, after shewing me the schoolV room and nursery which are bright and '"cheerful, she insisted upon my retiring ' to my own room, where a feeling of rest ' always comes over me, and 1 can gather ' strength for my work. I rose in the 'morning with a brave determination to ' endure anything that may come, and I 'wrote tq mamma and told her to be cheerful and to remember that my 'governess' life need only be for a time, ' for I suppose that some day I shall have a home of my own. But with all my 'spirit it was hard to swallow my cup of tea at breakfast, when little Eva askedme ' why I.was dressed in black. The chil 'dren are tractable enough, but know ' comparatively nothing. Kate and Her ' bert have a decided taste for music, ' and told me they were so anxious to 'play duets, for Mr. Lloyd had promised ' Kate a brooch, and Herbert a ship with ' sails, when they could play ' Home, 'Sweet Home' together. ' Who is Mr. 'Lloyd ?' I asked, 'Oh, he lives in the 'house near, that used to be Uncle Tom's,' said Kate, 'he often comes to \- play with us; and is so kind-I am sure ' you will like him, Miss Heather,' "Our lesson-hours are to be from ten to half-past twelve in the morning, and 4from four to six in the evening-the ' children'go to bed at half-past seven, so £ bIhave a nice long evening to spend as ' Ilike, though I forsee I shall often be ' with Mrs. Fleming who seems inclined Sto make a companion of me." "I find I have written down nothing 'for a whole month, each day seemed so 'like the other; but as there is a small 'dinner party down stairs to night, I will Swrite a little more, Lionscourt is cer "tainly a lovely place in summer time, but it must be bleak and rather drear in 'winter. Mr. Lloyd was with the chil ' dren this evening and as his face seems now before me, I will try and describe ' him. He is a strange man, so reserved 'and quiet, yet kind and affectionate, as 'his manner to the little ones shows. He 'must be about thirty five with large ' dark grey eyes that give you the idea that they are ever looking for something, 'black hair and whiskers and sallow ?complexion. How fond he seems of '?Kate! He watches her so intently, and and she certainly loves him dearly." "I have seen but very little of Mr. :Fleming, for apparently he takes little interest in the children; or, it maybe, 'he has not time to notice them, for he is ,never home till six o'clock. The more 4I see of Mrs. Fleming, tne more I won Sder why ishe married him-she said * ?yesterday when little Charlie was on her ' knee, that she thought "that the strong Sest feeling is a womahks heart was the 'mother's love." I had been reading, ·J The olad of the Family,' and showed ' her the passage where it is said :that~t ' " where you see a woman's deepestlove ' given to her children, there has been something wrong in the marriage," she 'blushed and said, " You are very 'naughty Miss Heather," We did not ' pursue the topic for Charlie insisted on 'a fairy tale which the children have ' found out I can tell, and they tax my 'imagination rather heavily in conse 'quence. We walked to-day to see ' Smith the steward-what a fine honest ' face he has, and Patty, his wife is such 'a comfortable looking creature. She ' showed me a photograph of her son who 'is evidently the pride of her heart, and 'told me that he could speak four langu ' ages, and that " Master said he would 'get him a situation in Loudon when he 'comes home from Brussels where he is now in a bank." Miss -Heather found little to soy of her life among the family at Lionsoourt, and we find that for some little time she was silent respecting it, We shall resume therefore our account of the Fleming's when Ellen had been resident with them one year.. At this time, Netty and Clara, now seventeen and sixteen, left school and returned to Lionscourt. The sisters were unlike in personal appearance, Netty bein'g a dark-haired bruntte while Clara was a fair-haired ~londe. Both, however where strangely alike in possese ing but little feeling, and their want of natural refinement constantly distiressed their ?intle step-mti'er. Of the thle elderi we shall say little; she shortly married ~ young Irishman of small means and settled in Ireland; but the fate of Clare was, perhl!aps, the first t?,low her father's pride receivd, A year from the return of the girls. Edward Smith left Brussels and came to stay witlh his parentsin their little, cottage or the farmn close to Lions court. He was at this time seven and twenty, tall and striking in his appear ance, while his long residence on the continent, together with great natural quickness, had removwd most of the gauckrci consequent on his peasant birth and early associations. £he elder Smith had always been regarded by Mr. Flem. ing's children with warm afection; with him the boys trat learned to use a gun and mount a horse, and he was alwaya ready with flowers and fruit for the young ladies, whom he was wont to learn his "rosebuds," When Netty and Clara returned from school, it was the wishboth of lucy and their father, that they should pay frequent visits to Smith's cottage; but the old man's heart was many times pained by the evident coldness of those whom he had so lovingly watched from childhood, Young Smith returned a few months after the marriage of the. elder daughter, and it soon. began to be re marked that Clara's visits to the farm were now far more frequent, although the faithful Patty no longer gave a kindly smile to greet her coming. It was again summer time, and, one evening Miss Heather, with two of her pupils was slowly returning home through the shrubbery in the dim twilight, when a rustling in the bushes caused her a mo mentary start, but she was quickly reas sured by Herbert observing " only a bird Miss Heather, don't be afraid." Ellen walked on quickly and yet she felt certain she had caught a glimpse of a man's figure among the trees. She hesi tated, at first, as to whether it would not be right to impart her suspicions to Mrs. Fleming; on second thoughts, however, fearing that she might be laughed at as nervous and easily frightened, she deter mined to banish the fancy. As they reached the hall door, however, Clara joined them, having evidently, just come from the summer-house which stood at the side of the shrubbery. Kate and Herbert hastened in to their mother and Ellen enquired if Miss Fleming had heard any noise among the bushes. " No," replied Clara, "but Miss Heather, have you seen a ghost? you look very like one yourself," and, she laughed nervously- you, too, are paler than usual "replied Ellen" "have you been walking mnch?" " Yes," replied Clara " and I do not mean to be at prayers to night, so please tell them that I am tired and have gone to bed." She said no more and sooon after the prayer-bell rung. Ellen gave Miss Fleming's mes sage as desired, though not without a secret misgiving that some cause besides fatigue made Clara absent herself at this time. The next morning the family were assembled at breakfast with the single exception of Clara-as she was very often late, no remark was at first made, but when the meal was ended Mrs. Fleming desired her maid to see if Miss Clara would like a cup of tea upatairs--- The maid quickly returned to the dining room pale and agitated---'" Miss Clara is not in her room, ma'am" said she. At this moment Mr. Fleming entered \--"what is all this I hear about Clara," said he to his wife, "is there anything wrong ?" Ellen could not forbear a glance at the butler, Holdsworth, whose face had been gradually assuming a leaden hue. Lucy gave the report of the maid and all hastened upstairs to discover the truth. It was as she had said, and, moreover, every drawer had been emptied,-watch, trinket box, rings-all had disappeared; and yet how was it possible that all these things could have been conveyed away without the assistance of some in the house? In the midst of the general excitement, Thomas Smith entered the room and lung himselfat his master's feet. "Mas ter" he said "he was my only son"-the words came thick and fast. "Yet, gladly would I have seen him in his coffin, rather than he should have lived to bring disgrace upon the house that fostered him !" Mr. Fleming was speechless. "Miss Clara is with him" continued the old man in a quivering voice and he held towards his master a note, which told briefly that Edward Smith and Clara Fleming would be in Scotland by the time it reached Lionscourt, and that it was their intention to be married immediately and to remain in that country until their further. plans should be arranged. Mr. Fleming was quickly himself again. " I cast her off for ever" he said sternly '" she is no longer daughter of mine-Smith, my faithful fellow, I grieve most for you and Patty, for the rascal can look for no help from me-the girl is a minor-and I am not forced by law to give up her fortune until she is of age, So they must shift for themselves for four years at least." So saying he left the room and Mr. Fleming drew near to the heart-broken old man and addressed a few kindly words to him. "Ma'am" said Thomas "the luck of the house is going surely, since son of mine has worked it harm, Patty will never lift her head again," and with tottering steps he left her, and Lucy, as in a dream, stood gazing upon the dis order aroundher, anda voice seemed to re peat in her ear " The luck of the house is going" and suddenly and vividly there came before her, her marriage day and the dream of the night preceeding it. She trembled from head to foot when Miss Heather softly addressed her. "Dear Mrs. Fleming, I could not bear "to leave you here any 1ouger--wiU you "come to your room and let me stay with " you a little." A flood of tears relieved her and Ellen's presence dispelled the phantoms that had so terrified her. Feel ing restless she proposed that they should seek the summer-house and that the chil drenshould be allowed to play near them. (To he continued.) 