RETURN OF THE EMPEROR OF GER MANY TO BERLIN. A correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, writing from Berlin on the 17th March, thus describes the return of the Emperor : — ' At half-past 5 o'clock this afternoon, his Majesty Wilhelm I., ' the victorious,' Emperor of the German Reich, and King of Prussia, made his entry into his ancestral capital under circumstances of far lesB pomp and circumstaBce than those attending his visit to the Emperor Napoleon at Paris in that Exhibition year— the name of which is written in water— 1867. Then, all the splendour and all the pageantry at the command of the most powerful, luxurious, and hospi table Empire on the Continent were lavished on the recep tion of a Monarch whose government a few weeks before had been within an ace of coming to blows on the Luxem bourg question with France. Napoleon III. eeemed desi rous of laying that ugly ghost in a red sea of gold. He surfeited his ' Royal Brother ' with attentions. The Palace of the Elyeee had been deemed good enough for the Padi shah, but the King of Prussia was lodged in a wing of the Tuileries itself. Well do I remember the sunny afternoon on which the Imperial and Royal cortege swept through the glorious length of the Rue di Rivoli — the State carriages, with their matchless horses, blaz ing with gilt and burnished trappings — the glittering casques and corslets of the Cent Gardes, the stars and ribands and crosses of the Staff, the wondrous show made by the French Imperial Grena diers, as they turned out at the main guard at the Louvre, their eagle in the centre, to present arms to the illustrious guest. And very distinctly do I remember, too, the glacial silence of the enormous multitude as the dazzling cavalcade si reamed along. A few viouchards, stationed at certain in tervals, madebold to cry ' Vive VEmpereur ! ' and even ' Vive le £oi dc Prusse ! ' and one of them got knocked down by a man in a blouse for his pains. For the rest, the Parisian populace stared at the show aB in a theatre they would have gazed upon a splendid spectacle with actors who were distasteful to them. They beheld, but they did not applaud. That night, in tlia cafes, they sneered at and disparaged what they had seen, or spitefully circulated the bitter jest attributed to Count Bismark, when Napoleon inquired whether the King of Prussia did cot find Paris much altered since his last visit. Assuredly ; but his Majesty always enters by the Porte St. Denis. It was through that gate, with all Louis XIV.'s vain trophies overhead, that Prince William of Prussia had ridden, a mere lad in the wake of the Allied Armies, in 1815. Fifty-seven years have elapsed, and after wisely abstaining trom entering in triumph the capital which his soldiers would have trampled under their feet, the boy Prince of Hohenzollern— now a bronzed veteran cf seventy-four — now a mightier conqueror than the winners of Leipsic and Waterloo— now an Emperor of Germany — comes home to Berlin in the quietest and amplest manner conceivable. I have seen the High sheriff of an English county make a grander show whm, with his javelin men, he has gone forth to welcome the Judges at assize time. 