The Ghost Scandal in Yorkshire: An intelligent-looking lad, about fifteen years of age, named Frederick Mazey, a clerk, residing in Heeley, was summoned at the Town-hall, Sheffield, it being set forth that the defendant did unlawfully go about the nublio streets and high wavs dressed in woman's clothes, and was guilty of scandalous conduct, whereby her Majesty's subjects there residing were alarmed and annoyed, and decency open ly outraged. Mr. Clegg said there was no doubt that the inhabitants of Heeley had been for some time past much annoyed by some person, whereby the girls and children of the place had been much frightened at what they had seen. He did not for a moment say that the defendant had been the cause of all this ; but there was not a shadow of doubt that on the Saturday night mentioned in the summons the boy Mazey was seen out of doors dressed in women's clothes. If, how ever, the lad expressed in open court regret for what he had done, and promised not so to offend again, that would be all that would be required of him, and the case would be at an end. The inhabitants of Heeley wished that this larking should ' be put a stop to before sreious conseqtiences might ensue, for it must be remembered that these uncommon sights had sometimes a lasting effect on children who happened to witness them. Mr. Rodgeis re marked that such conduct gave ample oppor tunity for outraging public decency, but was of opinion that in such cases as the present the offender should receive more punishment from his father than anybody else. Mr. Bin ney said there could be no doubt that in some cases there were circumstances connected with informations of this description which would call for very heavy punishment ; but nothing whatever of a serious character was attached in the present instance. There, of course, was an offence committed, and therefore Mr. Clegg very properly asked for an apology and a promise that it should not be repeated. This his client would willingly do. Mr. Bin ney then said there had been a report that a ' ghost' was going about Heeley, and it was just possible the public might think the defen dant had been the offender on all occasions. This was not the fact, and he was instructed to state that, with the exception of the one occasion in question, the boy had never con ducted himself in a similar manner. The Bench thought Mr. Clegg's proposal should be acted upon. Mr. Jessop said they looked upon it as being a very foolish boyish freak. The defendant then made the following apology : — ' I am very sorry that I went out in women's clothes on Saturday night ; I will never do it again.' ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 