The Northehn Railway Emj-loyees. — Our New castle correspondent states that on Tuesday night a meeting of the employees on the Great Northern Railway was held at the Royal Hotel, the large room of which was crowded to excess. A cordial vote of thanks was awarded to the deputation who had visited Sydney for the manner in which they had performed their duties ; and it was de termined, after a long discussion, to take no decisive steps until a final reply was received from the Government. The meeting closed about 11 o'clock with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Newtown Railway B judge. — The improve ments in connection with the widening of the New town Railway Bridge are onoe more in progress. The work was for a short time impeded iu consequence of au error iu construction. When the bridge is carried out tc the full width of the road it will be a source of gratification to all who are in the habit of passing over it, for it has long been inconvenient and dangerous. It is to be hoped that the walls will be carried up to a height sufficient to prevent their being used as perchmg- places by a number of people u-ho seem to have neither settled employment nor risible means of support. It has often been a matter of surprise that the police do not interfere <o prevent the crowding in this thoroughfare of a number of idlers by whom passers- by are sometimes insulted. The late Fide in Mahket-stiieet. — When Mr. Buchanan, on the 3rd' instant, presented a petition to the Legislative Assembly from Mr. Ross, complaining of having been illegally apprehended ana incarcerated by certain officers of the police, and praying for redress, Mr. Driver took the opportunity of calling the attention of the Attorney- General to the case, expressing his opinion that if he were to read the depositions, he wonld even yet order that the petitioner should be put upon his triad. The Attorney-General said that he wonld read the depositions, and subsequently sent for them. Sir James Martin on Wednesday returned them to the Police Magistrate without comment. HosriTAL foe the Insane, Gladesville. — A concert took place at this institution on Tuesday even ing, February 7th. The music consisted of glees, ballads, and two solos on the flute. The vooalists were Mrs. Cordner, Mire James, Messrs. Andrew Fairfax, Hall, and Ackland. Mr. Hare was the flautist, and Mr. Packer pre sided at the pianoforte. The large room whioh is used on these occasions was filled with patients, the officers and staff of the institution, and a few visitors. The frequent and well-timed applause showed how thoroughly the music was appreciated, and the ladies and gentlemen who had generously devoted' time and talent to so truly a phil anthropic purpose left the hospital with the warmest thanks and best wishes of the officers and those is whose welfare they bad displayed such a kindly interest. Temperance Meeting. — The usual weekly temper- anoe meeting of the New South Wales Alliance for the Suppression of Intemperance was held on Wednesday, in the Temperance Hall. The chair was occupied by Mr. Samuel Callaghan. There was a very good attendance. These present were addressed on the subject of total absti- nenoe oy Messrs. Druoe, Robins (one of the city mission aries), and Adelaide, Several temperance melodies were sung during the evening. Several men and women signed the pledge at the close of the meeting. Civil Service Musical Society's Concert. — The success which has characterised the progress of this society since its establishment promises to he well sustained during the ensuing season— the fifth in its his tory. The firat ooncert of the new series was given in the Masonic Hall onWednesday before a large and appreciative audienoe, when Bametfs cantata, entitled " The Ancient Marina-, was reproduced. The increased familiarity with this pleasing composition, whioh has been acquired by numerous rehearsals and repeated public performances, was very evident, and almost every item of the programme was given in a manner exceedingly creditable to the vocalists and instrumentalists who . took part therein. A miscellaneous concert, forming the prelude, opened with a chorus by Balfe, which was sung very pleasingly. In the five next items of the programme the soprano element was supreme— the most noticeable being a song by Gantz— " The Nightin gale's Trill," which was rendered with artistic finish of the highest class, and provoked a most unmistakable encore. A cornet solo by a young performer of great pro mise also gave satisfaction, and a chorus from Gounod's "Faust," very pleasingly rendered, closed this portion of the entertainment. The members of the Civil Service who firat organised the movement which has resulted in these entertainments ought to feel gratified that they have S roved so popular. They have served as the means of ereloping talent which might otherwise have lain dormant, end have occasionally provided agreeable and in expensive amusement for themselves an their friends, Carriage of Hay nv Railway. — A deputation from the Hawkesbury district, consisting of Mr. Pid- diugton, M.L.A.,. Mr. M«SeS. /U.L.A., Mr. C. R. Bed- well, Mr. Thomas C hassling, and Mr. C. May, vraitod upon the bon. Minister for "Works oh Wednesday respecting the transmission of bay liy railway. The deputation com plained that the late Minister for Works had increased the charge for the transmission of hay from Windsor, from 20s. to 30s. per ton ; that this was a higher charge than the growers could afford to pity ; and that the quantity of hay allowed to be put on one truck had been limited. It wsb asserted that the regulations had been framed with a viiw to compel the farmers to press their hay. That was felt ss a hardship, inasmuch as prossed hay was not of the same market value as impressed. The deputa tion also complained of the want of a weighbridge at Windsor, and more track accommodation. It was urged (hat 20s. per ton would bo a fair and reasonable charge for the carriage of hay to Sydney, and was one which the farmers would not object to. Mr. Mo6es thought that if tho charge for pressed hay was reduced it would be some inducement to the farmers to press their hay. He thought that the want of sufficient truck accommodation arose in a great measure from bad management in the railway department. The charge for demurrage was also complained of. The deputation asked Mr. Byrnes to revert to the scale of charges which was in operation when he was previously in office. Mr. Byrnes said he quite approved of the arrangements which Mr. Sutherland made — that the hay should not occupy more than a certain space on the truck, and that a reasonable rate should be paid for the use of the truck. The arrangements which were made when he was in office before were generally approved of, he admitted ; bht the growers took such unfair advantage of the arrangements that it caused a Iosb to foe Government. They used to place upon s track all the hay they possibly could, not only upon foe bed of the track, but also over its sidee. The practice grew to such an extent that it was found impossible to cover the hay with tareaulins. A great deal of it was often exposed to sparks of fire from the engine ; and on one occasion nine or ten truck loads, valued at £ 100 each, were destroyed by fire from fost very cause. The hay was often so placed upon the tracks that it swayed from side to side as it came down the line, struck the eaves of the station houses, and caused a great deal of inconveni ence and trouble. Something had to be done to guard against the losses which the Government had to sustain ; and he thought that Mr. Sutherland took a very wire step in insisting npon foe hay being limited within a certain space upon the truck. It was a good rule, and one from which he (Mr. Byrnes) should not depart. He would, however, make inquiry- es to whether the space was more limited than it need be. He believod that the want of , tracks arose from persons allowing them to stand for three or four days with their produce on. It was his intention to make such arrangements as would secure en ample supply of truck accommodation. If the trucks were kept landed beyond a certain time, -which he would fix, de murrage would be charged. He intended so to frame the arrangements that the produoe — hay, wood, pigs, poultry, &c.; — could be brought down in the night ana arrive at its destination at a fixed bour. He wonted to fix the earliest hour possible for tbe sale of prsftuoe. He thought 9 o'clock in foe morning would prove a convenient time. If foe bay was Tcady for sale by 9 o'clock, there would be ample time for foe buyers to remove it before 6 o'clock in foe evening. He assured foe deputation that foe Government would make the best possible arrangements under foe circumstances. The Go vernment would enet fix a weighbridge, not even though a small charge was mads for its use. If a weighbridge was fixed on condition that a small charge was to be made for its use, and everything arranged, an application would soon he made for taking off the charge. The next point was as to the charge for carriage. The Government did not charge so much per ton for hay, but so much per truck. He was not going to tell them at what price foe hay wonld be brought down, but a redaction in foe present rates would be made. He foould do every thing he could to induce growers to send their hay down to Sydney by rail, instead of by dray. He thought Mr. Sutherland "was quite right in resorting to every means he could, in fairness to the department to induce the farmers to press their hay. But he (Mr. Byrnes) could not now say whether pressed hay should be charged less thau im pressed. Water Supply of Pauramatta. — A deputation, con sisting of Mr. T. W- Bowden and Mr. James Pre (of Rocky Hall), representing foe Pairamatta Corporation, waited upon foe Hon. James Byrnes, Minister for Works, onWednesday. The object of the deputation was to ask Mr. Byrnes to place a sum of £4000 upon foe Estimates, to enable the Parramatta Council to supply water to foe town. Mr. Byrnes informed foe deputation that he could neither put the item upon foe Estimates-in-chief nor upon foe Supplementary Estimates, as both hod been com pleted. Some yeara ago foe Government expended some £16,000 p'r £17.000 in constructing a large reservoir for tlie use of foe inhabitants. That being the case. Mr. Byrnes thought foe inhabitants of Parramatta, under their municipal powers, ought to supply themselves with water wilhout asking foe Government for aid, more especially ss, under foe Municipalities Act, a large sum was annually paid to foe Corporation to supplement tbe rates. In tbe event of foe Estimates being reconsidered, he promised to submit the proposition to bis coUeagues. Glebe Road Weslevax Sunday School. -A tea meeting was on Tuesday evening held in the Wesleyan schoolhouse, Francis-street, Glebe, followed by a public meeting in foe church, Glebe Road, in commemoratisn of foe Sunday-school anniversary. The Rev. W. J. K. Piddington, having commenced the meeting with devo tional services, said that be had received a note from Mr. G. W. Allen, intimating his regret that he was by un avoidable circumstances prevented from being present and occupying the chair, as bad been arranged ; and under the circumstances, which he also very much regretted, he begged to propose that Dr. Douglas be requested, as an " emergency man," to take foe chair. The Rev. R. Caldwell seconded the motion, which was then carried by acclamation. From foe committee's report it appears that in foe school are 148 scholars, whose attend ance averages 78 in foe forenoon and 105 in foe afternoon. The teaching staff, although still inadequate, has lately been reinforced. The report refeired in grateful terms to the kindness of the Hon. George Allen, who, on Monday, placed foe grounds of Toxteth Park at the disposal of the committee for the purpose of holding a picnic at which were present, besides foe scholars and the teachers, a con siderable number of the children's parents and other friends of foe institution. In regard to finance, the debt which last year encumbered foe institution has been re moved, and foe proceeds of this anniversary are expected to furnish a sufficient fund for the operations of the vear. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. W. G. Taylor and — Rodd, recently from England; foe Rev. F. Tail, recently from Fiji; and (Mr. Tnit interpreting) by Stephen, a Fijian, whese fattier was a cannibal, but who has himself not only embraced the Gospel, but has for ten years past been a teacher, among his countrymen. Be tween each address a selected hymn was vera prettily sung by foe children. A comprehensive vote or thankB to foe ladies, who furnished ana waited at foe tea, foe children's teachers in singing, and to the chairman, was proposed by Mr. Piddington, and unanimously carried, after which a doxology closed the meeting, School or Design. — Opportunity was taken en Tuesday evening, when there was a large master of members of foe Sydney School of Arte for foe annual meeting, to give an exhibition in the class-room of the drawings and paintings produoed by foe pupils attending foe School of Design connected with foe institution. It was interesting specially as showing foe progress made during foe short time the Bchool hag been open. As will be seen by foe report of foe School of Arts the School of Design has only been established seven months, and it has been attended by upwards of 100 pupils. Their productions, as exhibited, in many instances displayed either a great capa city for art, or that advantage has boen very rapidly taken of the tuition of Mr. Hodgson and his assistants. The pictures comprised water colour paintings, drawings from casts and natural objects, and decorative designs. The purpose of this exhibition was evidently not to excite an admiration of foe artistic productions, but to give an idea of foe progress made by the school ; hut there were sub jects, both in colours, pencil, and original design, of con siderable merit, and giving evidence of artistic taste with a developing originality, which may he regarded as the main feature kept in view. The degrees of merit among foe pupils will be found mentioned in foe report of the School of Arts. Fatal Accident ox board the Sohragn. — On Wednesday forenoon, while Mr. Thomas Day, storeman on board the ship Sobraon, lying at the western end of foe Circular Quay, was passing along tbe 'tween decks of that vessel, he stepped cm a cask, which gave way under him, and he was precipitated into the hold, a depth of thirty feet, falling on to the keelson. He sustained a severe fracture of the skull, and, on being conveyed to the Infirmary immediately afterwards, it wae farther dis covered that hie hip bane had been dislocated. He re mained insensible till foe time of hie death, which occurred about 7 p.m. on Wednesday. Mr. Day came to the colony as a puller -with Candlieh and two others, and afterwards went as a trainer, and brought out successfully Mr. R, Green, the late champion rower of the Australian colonies. Subsequently he joined foe Sobraon on her first voyage to this port, as storeman, and remained there up to the time of foe accident. He leaves behind him a wife and family, who are reading at North Shore. He was well-known in aquatic circles in England and in this colony. On board foe Sobraon, by its captain and crew, and as in every piece where be was known, he was universally respected and esteemed. To Tbe Ladies.— The 'high and I universal cclcbl-ity which Rowlands' Kalydor continues to maintain, as an active yet mild end soothing extirpator of aU impuritios of the skin, ie, during tbe period of spring, most pleasingly evinced. This preparation, eminently balsamic, restorative, and invigorating, is equally celebrated for safety in application, as for unfailing efficacy in rumoring all impurities and disooloretions, and imparting a healthy freshness and transparency of tho Skin and Complexion. Its nnfversilly great demand excites the cupidity of unprincipled Shopkeepers, who give tbe title of "Kalydor" to compounds of their own manufacture, of the most deleterious charaetcr, con taining mineral astringents utterly ruinous to the Complexion, and by their repellent action endangering health. It is therefore imperative on purchasers to sse that tbe words " Rowlands' Ealtdob," are on the wrapper. All others are spurious imi tations. Wholesale agents, Messrs. Elliott, Brothers ; ondPrinoe, Ogg, and Co., Sydney.— Adv. Childhex Teeming.— At no period of young life is- more anxiety and trouble given to mothers and nurses than when children arc " cutting " their teeth. The pain can be immediately relieved by applying to the gums Mrs. Johnson's American Soothing Syrup, which has stood the test of nearly half a cen tury. It is innocent, efficacious, and acceptable to the child. . None genuine without the name of "Barclay and Sons, 9,i, PnrringdoB- strcet, Louder.,'1 is on the stomp. Sold by oil chemists, at 2s. M, a bottle. Agent— Pratt, Sydney.— Ac-.. Th n Bottlcand the Barrel. — The drunkard list has figured high this week somewhat 'alSSvo foe average. The records of our city Police Courts show that 119 persons have beou fined from 6s. to 20s. for drunkemuxw. A largo percentage of foe above total were sent to the cells to eober down. To tboae wbo are addicted to intemperanoe it will be well toa remind them that "drunkenness is, of oil sources of misdoing, foe most prolific and the most certain ; it is the parent of every form of misery, .vice, and crime, from beggary and petty theft to murder and suicide. And there can also be no doubt foat foe certain, destruction of mind ami body which awaits foe constant drinker to excess docs not ccaso with himself. The sins of the father arc visited upon foe children, and the curse descends to generations as yet unborn, A vice so widely spread sb to threaten to poison foe national life- blood can hardly well be left to take care of itself." cuonai'araiiuan Public School.— A correspondent writes A number of ladies and gentlemen interested in tbe above school on Anniversary Day gave tbe school children a picnic. As this was foe first oocaaien that anything of tbe kind had taken place in Cooqabarabran.one wo'uid hardly have expected that foe affair wonld have been so successful- Upwards of 106 picas ure-seekeiv started from the school-house iu vehicles that had been lenr for foe occasion, not forgetting to mention Mr. Ewbank'e waggonette and team of mules and donkeys which conveyed foe children to foe pioturesque spot that had been selected for the day's amusement. At 1 p.m. the children sat down to a bountiful spread, and did ample justice to foe store of good things that had been provided for them. After foe repast foey repaired to a large flat, and spent foe rest of foe afternoon enjoying themselves wiih tbe numerous sports and games that had been got up for them. An elegant luncheon was also laid for foe parents and friends. After the do ill had been removed various toasts were pro posed, the most noteworthy being the Queen, foe Governor, and the Council of Education. Mr. Davison took ocoasion to thank those ladiee and gentlemen who had so kindly come forward to provide such a pleasant day's amusement for the children, and hoped that the day wonld only be a orciunner of many more like it. It also afforded him tha greatest pleasure to eee the great interest that all classes took in foe welfare of the Public school, and he could assure them foat nothing could be more gratifying to a teacher than to find that his exertions were crowned with success. He had also great pleasure in stating that there were now fifty children attending foe school, which was fourteen above foe maximum, as it was generally thought that there would never be above thirty-six, and he hoped that at foe next social gathering ifoat took place he would be able to say there were double that number. Before storting home the children sang a number of part songa, brioging foe day's amusement to a close with the national anthem. Three cheers were given for Mr. White and Mr. Ewing, who were unavoidably absent, and a atari waa mad e for home, everyone being thoroughly satisfied with their day's amusement. £t. Barnahas Schoolroom.— There was held om Monday in the above schoolroom, in connection with the Perseverance Division of foe Sons of Temperance, a public meeting in advocacy of temperance principles, the chair being occupied by Mr. Pickering, W.P. There were about three hundred persons gathered together in the room, which, owing to foe closeness of the evening was felt to be uncomfortably filled. A number of young men, whom a sense of decenoy or self-respect might have re strained from making a public exhibition of themselves, to the annoyance of the larger and more respectable portion of the audience, kept up at foe beginning of foe proceedings a series of foe most senseless interruptions. An eloquent address, in which the speaker advocated teetotalism, waa delivered by Mr. Crisford, missionary of St. Barnabas Church. Recitations were given by Messrs. Johnson and Dowson, and songs were sung by Messrs. Fox and Ham' - ton. After an address from Mr. Thomas, the business of the meeting was brought to a close with the National Anthem. Fatal Boat Accident in the Harbour.— About half-past 6 o'clock on the evening of Tuesday, five men, who had been employed at Balmain in foe finishing of a newly-erected dwelling-house, hatting completed their i day's work, set sail from Balmain in a small skiff, i When the boat wae off Peacock's Point she was caught ia ' a squall, jibed, capsized, and threw the men who were «u j board into the water. One of foe men struck out for the : shore, which was about two hundred yards distant, and reached it in safety. The other four men kept fast to the bent, which afforded them a vera insecure hold. It rolled from under them, ond left them struggling in foe water. A man, named Byrnes, sank beneath foe water. The j three men who remained were picked up, and one of them i, remained insensible for a considerable space of time, f Dre. M'Neil and Evans arrived and rendered what assist- c ance foey could to those who had been saved. Byrnes did > not again rise to foe surface after going down. A search was made throughout Wednesday forenoon with drags, for i foe body, which, berag renewed in the afternoon, resulted ) in the finding of foe body between 1 and 2 o'clock. The remains were removed to foe dead-bouse, Circular Quay, j Byrnes was a painter by trade, and resided in Athloue- I place, off Parramatta-street. He leaves a widow and five i or six children to lament their sad bereavement. J Early Closing Movement.— A meeting, more espe cially of shopmen and others connected with retail businesses in foe city, was convened at a late hour on Wednesday, in the upper room of foe Temperance Hall, to urge the necessity of organising, in connection -with their body, an early closing association. There were present over one hundred persons, foe greater proportion of whom appeared to be between foe ages Of sixteen and twenty-one. The chair was taken by Alderman Boseby, who, in an address foat was frequently applauded, epobe of the great hindrance foat long hours were to the enjoyment of the means of mental recreation, and to the bedily health of shop employes. He stated that he hoped from bis heart " foey would soon obtain a reduction of the hours of labour. Mr' Simpson, the secretary of the association, pro tan, stated that it was their desire foat the shops in which foey were employed ehonld shut five days of foe weok at 7 o'clock p.m., instead of 9 o'clock; foe entrance fee was 2s., and foe monthly subscription Is., and he, therefore, hoped foat many who were present would jinn. The association could afterwards prepare a petition ; and if they bo desired call a publie meeting, for which they would be able to obtain many good speakers. Nearly forty persons gave in their entrance fees and subscriptions. The meeting then proceeded to the election or office- bearers. Mr. J. E. Turner was appointed treasurer, Mr. Simpson secretary, pro tan : and the following were elected members of com mittee : — Messrs. Pogaon, Hardy, Gurling, Savage, Eendrigan, Kay, Bamett, Dole, Sherman, and Anderson. The proceedings were brought to a close with a cordial vote of thanks to foe chairman. Capture of an Alligator. — Some very good sport was experienced (says foe Cleveland Bay Express) by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Mr. Thistlethwayte, who was standing on foe verandah of Dr. Callaghan's cottage, overlooking foe creek, saw an alli gator swim to the opposite bank. Mr. Thistlethwayte and. Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt and were joined by a fisherman ; foey managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without disturbing him, and the fisherman, armed with a shot gun, and Mr. Thistlethwayte, with s rifle, both fired ; foe latter hit him just behind foe fore arm, and foe reptile crawled three or four paces into the - water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at, and seized foe alligator's caudal ap pendage, and a most exciting struggle took place. The saurian made savage but ineffective attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about foe head with sticks until he gave up the ghost. "When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed acroaB foe creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length'. Fatal Result or Supplying Liquor to Abori ginals. — The Darling Downs Gazette of the 1st (I instant states that, at a late hour on foe Saturday night previous, information was received by foe police ®f an aboriginal fight, which took place a short diBt&uce; from Mr. Pentecost's hotel, on foe Highfield6 road. It appears a party- of aboriginals had been paying a visit to the township, when, as usual, foey were supplied with an almost unlimited supply of brandy and rum. They were driven out of foe town about 2 p.m., and the fight took Since shortly after sunset. The disturbance was heard by ir. Pentecost and his neighbours, hut they did not attempt to interfere, as foe whole party appeared to be in arms. It was noticed, however, that two of them wen lying on the ground and cutting each other with knives. After a time foe disturbance subsided, and it was thee . discovered that one of foe combatants had been left dead k on the ground, foe other having hew, In all probability, carried away by his friends. An inqueBt was held on the 9j body at Mr. Pentecost's hotel on Sunday morning, when it was Btated by Dr. Roberts that foe right arm of the un fortunate fellow had been cut through to the bone, and that he had received another severe stab in the right shoulder. The main arteries of foe .arm were divided, and death ensued from loss of blood. 1 Chhonic Bronchitis and Couohb' host succESsrt'LLr treated with DB. dk Jondh'S llght BBOWN Cod llvm Oil.— This very simple and safe remedy— containing peculiar curative principles whioh thcropeutio experience has proved to be totally wanting in the Pale Oil — has been prescribed by the faculty with the greatest success in numerous cases of chronic bronchitis and oo ugh. , The actual benefit derived in Is most severe case of laryngeal irritation is thus conclusively stated by Arthur Cridiand, Esq., surgeon: " The effect of l)r. de J ough's Oil on myself last winter, was remarkable. I suffered from excessive irritation of tbe larynx", consequently I was greatly reduced in strength and appearance, and quite unable to attend to my professional ' duties. It occurred tome that the Oil wbieb I was frequently prescribing wonld benefit my own esse, and, after taking it a few days, its good effects commenced, and at the end of six weeks 1 regained my usual health and strength, and bad entirely lost tbe laryngeal irritation, which was ot a most harrassing and fearfully distressing character." Dr. de Jongb's Light Brown Cod Liver Oil is sold only in capsuled imperial half-pints, pints, end quarts, labelled with his stamp i and signature, without which none can possibly be genuine, by his soie consignees, Ansar, Harford, and Co., 7", Strand London; and respectable chemists, druggists, and storekeepers.— Adv. Mahavilla Cocoa.— For Breakfast.— Tbe Globe says, " Various importers and manufacturers havo attempted to attain areputa- K tion for tbeir prepared cocoas, but we doubt whether any I, thorough success bad been achieved until Messrs. Taylor, go Brothers, diseoTered the extraordinary qualities of 1 Maravills' jt cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this r finest of all species of the Tbeobroma, they have .produced aa \ article which superpedea every other eoooa in. the market. Entire y solubility, a delicate'aroma, and arareooncuitratiou of the parts?,/ .. elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravtila cocoa above slrv; others. For homooopatbs and invalids 'ww could not recommends | more agreeable or valuable beverage." Bold in packets only by | all grocers, of whom also may be bad Taylor, Brothers' origin". 1 botnmopathio cocoa anil soluble ohooolate, Btesm Mills— Brick- JL aae, London.— A»v, qBg 