THE TOILERS OP THE ANTIPODES. A SOCIETY SENSATION NOVELETTE. CHAPTER XIV. The Great Unpaid — Whitewash— Apollo's Ttevenae. The morning after the elopement the unconscious Herald added insult to injury. The advertisement unluckily sent beforehand duly appeared at the head of the "matches." " By the Rev. John Orthodox, Serpens Blacker. Esq.. M.A.. Svdniensis. to Angelina, eldest daughter of John Wiggins, late of Cockneyville, London." On this, congratulations poured in by the dozen, and divers specimens of the Great Unpaid, with hungry eyes and bills unsatisfied, came crying — "The Bridegroom, oh ! the Bridegroom ! whither, oh ! whither away Alas ! the mournful crowd retired wailing, when they learned that the debtor had retired into the un-warrantable land, beyond the grip of law. Mr. Wiggins, too, had debts. Like an Englishman, he would have paid them, had not the wherewithal flown to Fiji. Now there was nought for him but to go to Mr. Peter Simple, for the insolvent's coat of whitewash. Dab ! dab ! went the whitening lawyers, a penny in the pound paid he, and the one time debtor was free to begin an unencumbered business. Henceforth his fortune was made. Trading 011 nothing, with nothing to lose if you fail, and all to gain if you win, is of all Sydney games the pleasantest and most paying. So found Mr. Wiggins. Money flowed in apace. He bade adieu to lodgings, took a mansion, and commenced to live in style. And now the world began to think "those Wigginses are charming people," and quires of pasteboard passed through the stylish footman's hands. Angelina's stricken soul was gently uplifted by these peggings up the social board and visitingsof the fashionable, but her heart had turned into a stony lump of bitter aloes. She became la hefle dame sans merci, and revenged upon the whole sex the perfidy of the one. The naval captain was driven to distraction, many Clio middies and Sydney fledglings hovered round, vowing to do or die, but when they fluttered too near they bumped against an iceberg, and when they bent their knees to pop, she only said " Stand off !" But one there was to whom she dared not say a word uncivil — one who never appeared in positive person, but spoke solemn warnings in the dark, intruded himself into her dreams, and made a spectre of every shimmering moonbeam or innocent white garment. Then, too, whenever she took a pen in her hand to indite a note, be it of invitation or condolence, a power guided it amiss and wrote of Apollo Jonar. Once, too, in a crowd, she could have vowed she verily saw his face. By degrees concealment and worry, like a worm, fed on her damask cheek. Friends hinted of decline, consumption, nerves, and heartbreak, and daily Miss Wiggins grew weaker and very, very queer. At last a crisis was reached, and Dr. Pastry was called in. In half- delirium the maiden told him all the tale. Sceptic ! He called the spirit-writing " product of imagination," denounced the ghosts as nervous fancies, and exorcised them not with book and bell, but with a mere prescription. Be it spirit, fancy, trickery, or conscience, the unknown power had done a direful work. Apollo Jonar was revenged, for Angelina Wiggins lay a-dying of a nervous fever. . 