Several papers have recently appeared in the home journals on the comparative ad vantages of large and small faring and the subject seems to have been very folly tlis- cussed, and, to our thinking, racier hastily disposed of One of these papers was written by ihe Rev. "W. H. Thornton, and was read at a meeting of the Devon Central , Chamber of Agriculture. He 'admitted' having been a "small" farmer himself for fourteen years, and that . hie had many oppor tunities for observing the different systems < of agriculture, but that he "was in the pre-, sence of several who he had no doubt were his. superiors, in the art of husbandry. He . discarded huge areas of many thouffinds <>f acrei each, also the griiall firms' of the" peasantry kept under spade tillage, .which latter he said were absolutely necessary i in cectain localities, and confined, himself ho a range of from 100 to 1500 acre areas, and - the point he discussed was thus put:-— " Looking to the interests of the general " English community, is it more desirable " that holdings should be large or smallt " There is little or no similarity in the con dition of England and any of these colonies, and the arguments adduced in favor of the large farmers will not at the -present day be .applicable here ; bat these arguments are in some respect so strange and. so novel, and they seem wherewithal . to have been so much approved, that there is no saying how soon an. attempt may be made to introduce this proposed "swamping" system amongst us. In speaking of the system of small farming, Mr Thornton drew the following gloomy picture: — "The general condition of fhe " small Belgian farmer was not so good as " that of a well-to-do agricultural laborer in " fhe better paid districts of England. One " great evil of this small farming was that, " it reduced the women of the community "to a very low level, malreregr them almost "beasts of burden. The poor laborers were " very badly paid — aboat 7s a week oh fhe "average — fhe whole system tending to "reduce men, women, and children to " a condition of fhe hardest drudgery. "Such was fhe testimony from. Belgium; -"and he appealed to the meeting with " reference to fhe wretched cbndifibnbF fET " English — to ourcountey fanner, whom he "described as fhe poorest manin'tho'pkrisE.7 " Ibis applied to fhe country farmers only, " and not to those living in the neighborhood " of large towns, where fhe small farmer " might do very welL" We do'nbtkndw . . what our 42nd clause selectors will, think of this, and we confess it is rather new.to.ua.. The reverend gentleman does not '.ireem j1 have reflected, that if fhe condition of three small country farmers was ah ljad aa he represented it under grinding lahdlordfl,i5t was'possablc to improve their condition: withf- ' ontdepriving them of fhdr holdings, for that, is the extraordinary conclusion he arrives afc. Hc'j says there would be no difficulty 'itP finding' energetic men with r'edufeaSiim'i andTniowledge, And plenty of capital, jfilfoigj to fazm . a large estate, and ablefo fazm-dtr well, ' and -he puts bis own question, atasi' answers it in words which malariTis2raiElr.- dordit his sense, if not his sanity. a HS jeti . if it is -good fbr the-people ofjEnMid'ife such men should be allowed to Hwallowsopi each two other smaller men, who ;in years_ gori' by ieared their famiUre' hnil'Ta' them crops upon the same ttroa, wlu&jfo; of tiiese eneigefic capitalists wonld henee forth bebupy. 'Olis question Ee'imiepddlfi the aflfanafive, and assigned as bis reason thatthelargfjnnnercouldfarm more cheaply, and therefore more profitably, than foe small \- tgae,_and could idrn cmt ceieal aM animal, per acre, 4k. The following is the pleasant and phflanihropic alternative he offers to those whose . farms, have been swallowed up by the energetic capitalists, but who themselves have escaped ; 4iretepwfiuuB'«iBWAff4heeehmd oormnrenfew — The overplus of small farmers must, he 'f-suppbeodjif they would stall be farmers, , iaaatea their cftpfhil, and seek a..faesh home in EitJtproHtijr eountiy ' beyond i " the seas, where they would be welcomed , " as the most acceptable of immigrants, ; " and rapidly expand into substantial men. ! " He would say, with the growth of " education and of wealth, large farms " would, and in the frirtflic interest ought, " gradually to absorb many smaller ones." W ip jfofoqalt to fbelfove foe arguments pf ' this reverend" essayist " were, as vreiare told by the Mark Lane Express, approved of in the main by a number -of English farmers. We should feel more inclined to view them ifiiMkiigeJ wefl- informed; -ii&Kl; proprietor would not be able to produce more food at latetftpis 2000 acres of land, J"»n twenty different proprietors would from .100. .Acres ..each, .of the Bame area / bnt "we csnnfet seei how a jnarinn h to be benefited by a system that lop/C toinonSpily® allsira bt to the extinction of the finest class of people for its defenders, namely, its yeomanry. The nation that adopts such A lijlaT fe 1|M jlfen bf ffie BfevT "W. 'IsL ThcMtem, -'will1 sow the — jfoid . nd rp..th whirl wind in >Nwpl"-4atng It -will "he the basis of a future devolution such as England IxsUBver seen, and such, as these agricultural fanatics cannot dream o£ Already it is admitted- .that the land in England is in by far too few hands. While we should ftwmuoqsly wfoee foerabid ideas of liorntan, and should denounce any movement that would enable the richest fourth 'bf dth -lmid-tillerB %o boy np the lands ' of the next richest thre&fonrths;, and thus leave no middlemen between a numerically small— class of , -t"engetic. cspitaliste " and iW -immense; body . of r.peasMitry ntnl-ing into serfdom, we need not apprehend the initiation - of any such movement out here for very many years to come j bnt it gives us an opportunity far glancing jatbur o wn position, and for con- " sidering of what size our own farms ought to be. An answer to this question must depend on the quality «ud position of the land, and whether it is to be used for arable purposes pnly, or far agricultural and graz ing purposes combined. "Under' any circum stances, we think- no arable farms in this colony should exceed 1000 acres, nor be less than 100 acres, according to the means of the proprietor. The proximity of a piece of land to a market, a navigable stream, or a railway, will offer facilities that cannot be expected in situations remote from carrisge or a market. But in the leasing of farms of any size, much depends on the landlord whether his tenant will succeed or notih" initios colony by far too many, of foe. landlord thi-nTr of foe ar TtnqJ payment' of 43ieir rent roll mnbh more than ' they do of ihe improvement of their lands by-the treiants ; and it : is to thesexack-rent - landlords that so ;muffa- destruction of land is to be attributed.- 33iey hold out no, or yety few, inducements to the tenants to improve, and the sooner therefore we have a Tenant Right 'Act here the better for our agricul turists. : We have not. space to say more. at present than" to express a hope that the 'day is far distant far this or any other prosperous community, when anyone will havp ...foe Uardihtma €b fallow- in' the (Rev. Mf 33ibm- ton's footsteps. ; i 3LiZ iThU 'DaHyi'Jgra.ph is bmmg . vulgar as' .wellaatedious onfoaJpnes cahnhiiyqnre- "tionJ ' "The nonfofofofenTfofiforibourhfi' newspapers of "a" 'IffiA" upon San- innocent woman, uttered by a ruffian who was hanged -twelve years oV , liforeJ.afont 'foe,'fonfo' analogy to the Ballarat press and foe Jionre affair as Tenterden Steeple &oes; .to. -the .Goodwin Sarids fod.foere'is' jnsttaS-fanCh' likelihood of the Cdfoforgivfogfoibhatyfo'' any such gallows to be of the Daily r Telegraph becoming 'rational on the subject TTiia is but one. feeling overriding "the calm" jUdgmfotl which should inflneniee Uhe ' journalist. -When five hr' ax hjmfovd forabns,i the "majority of them strongysupporters of the 8prekfir,-h«ax fomve utterance, fo state-, \- menM wifo fervor aifo, mpresaye-" qess, it ' is" hut" reasonable =to afoume that foey wijl jppt3>idytransriv|p bdieve-an foeir truthfulness, but .also, impart to fully flye'Sfimtori more : the . : tremenatraS seafogi dbwk'Hhifo'Stwind-So got;at foe; foeeting.' Can it be fosmble that foe editor of foe DflRy Telegraph. wopld „ j»gfer-hat his name and that of his -brother should be -bandied' about ; hi infamous terms "amongst a commumty, in" whifo one of them 'formerly resided . and' made m&hy; friends, or, wonld he not rather foe hideous slander should be published; and promptly refuted and condemned? It is unnecessary to say - what our view of foe question is and has been all through. Unfortunately; however, ; foe more ./ foe Telegraph scolds" the" " more . chahfo ".will Jfir' C. E. Jones.-have ..qE ; foang..,.hisT -fayo-.. rite rSU of foefoarfcyr, doheapdlogist' (Proh 2mdor, snverBiqw >iwsresI J of fonnipet- ing &rfo;( fop f living, . foiaathing intellect'' of f. fowffodBe late -pfatfoim composed iff equfo parte bf "qelf-yindication and abuse of othms. We .an assure foe Daiiy rTelegraph -that eii sensible ;pecplp in ; Ballarat are satisfied foat the Messrs Wil- loughby 'foa.ve" bem. gny 'rimSeredpand foatpai lfc Jones'--most bigoted- idolaters are begmningfo, think- foere-mpfo be spots pfo we foetfle. gpur, and, having done" tdiiniinf power tolet foe "real-truth be known,' decline any-furtifar: intorierenre rfot'foe cotitee' of foe Ifordf ' buteifomr.it degwimaies. qdo inaihg comes a bore and a nuisance. Hactions-' are;_aBriouatir 'mraijt" against - tKff3BaHnra.t'' "Eire away," Flanagan," " but " law "plus' grumpy mamiuna -every— day— is— a-littie-too &uch; of an infliction. , ,T „ , ... i.A ii a . x- j. .A ,i Mr Jowph Jones addresied a large meeting of tbe electors last evening iabe-qlfrid Hall, Mr Bsitd occupying the"1 choir. ' Mr Jonte explained views on the various leafflng topics of political AvaHTgite&iagfefifliMtaB;'of aMreteuif- lla iihailluiiTIi ii rn sso .ssirok-o lerar o:ni itiv. -:i dqiaTriftmitfl agfii lgurT TW rate of-tonfldsnce , pioceedlng. »6g - - IA meeting of Mr in«isDB!anpportei8 rill be heliat M"Cafferty.'sgUote« ednea- fo evening, at eipft o ckck, when jar Fincham wfil give expresafatn teJda»oj|iBpdbpiews. THJlftrot SatVle Tom Hftfa neii Tiiesaay evening, at eight o'clock. The chair vrill be taken by the mayor, 1 A special meeting of the Liberal Registration fata at tbe Buck's Head hotel, on Friday evening. Tbere were between thirty and, forr atembere preeeot; Mr Geo. Parsons vrae vailed to tbe chair. The object of the meet ing was tbe dscQon of a candidate to represent limn fa Parliament. This association was formed \- -.for the purpose of keeping Mr C E. Jones out of Parliament The chairman informed the meeting that a letter had been Beat to the hon. gGen. Higinbothan jTtinjRHng hto .tejjfagd . for BaUftrat West. bnt iie -had that After- noon received a letter fromt foat gentleman informing them that he ovoid not oome tqBal- tlant, as It vraa bin intention to stand for his old iSflMtn&cyi; "Afflef a long dtacossSon, It ivftS" finally decided that Mr H. B.-Chalmera ehonld be their nominee, and a sub-committee was appointed to select a candidate to run with Mr Chalmers, A committee-was. also appointed to confer Twith- the Ballarat District Loyal, 'liberal Association, tor see if they could amalgamate. The rea sons given by the Literal party opposing C. E. Jones were canned by the fact thathe-had lost all respect for himself .therefore . he Commands no respect in the Honse, and if is useless for any constituency to have him to repre sent them. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. The meetfags of the -aseo- ciation are to beheld weekly until after the elec tion. Among the gentlemen ipreseot we noticed Dr Embling. Messrs Longmore, J. James, ex- M3£A.v aliaS;B. Gbalmws. " -s " A nhortreportof.MrDermott's.meeting.jat M'Caflerty's hotel lut evening, ?s given fa another column. ..... . ... : Mr W. Turner addrerael the electors' of Gren- villeqn hnrsday evenjdgat'tbe jtecfeabite Hall, Scotehmana! Aboht etghty elctoa were preeeot . Mr Sutherland was voted -to -the chair, and fa a short epeech in trod need tite canffidatei ' At the" ffteffawftii tlfltfie kJifrw LUIintdW >Tl1< I ' I- waa ectaritmed by an- elector persiBtefitly qneft-' tioning the candidate as to his -intention to levy a : fax on gnalt- and beer,- trbfab laat-. mentioned article to all appearance was 'regarded "by him with peculiar horror.-1 On foe ahtian of Mr Tanner, .seconded jiy jtr Charoe, the pftaaiivote . of-,c farora to.aM Mr Tomer's candidature. .; . ' On Thursday evening Mr W. Clarke addressed a meeting of the electors of Grenville at the Star and Garter hotel, -Winter's; Mr Wilson in tbe chair.' 'After hearing an exposition of fhe views ' of the; candidate, Mr Chas. Stanford moved, and. Mr -Scott seconded the usual vote of confidence, which was agreed to unanimonsly. On the same evening the same candidate addressed abont-forty- electora at Chapman's, Hiscocks; Mr Stanford in" thechair. Mr W. Ralph moved, and Mr J.Gofas- worthyMoyle seconded a vote -of confidence in tiie.oandidate, which was agreed to nnanimoncly." Mr Clarke trill address the electors of Clarendon this eveniog, at Mr Bradshaw'S. . . Mr James MDow&lI; will .address, foe electors of Ripon and Hampden at foe Stag hotel, Lear- month, nextMonday afternoon Atflve o'clock; at the Mtmnt Btowhard hotel .the same evening at seven; and at the Derby hotel, Mfaersreet, at'baU- j past eight. Mr M'Dowall will also hold a meeting at the Picnic "hotelBnrrnmbeet, on Tuesday, at twelve 'o'clock noon. ' The candidates for South Grant are now Messrs Cunningham, Lalor, Stutt, D. M'Pberson, W. Kiddle; Thos. Smale, of Ceres; J. F. Levien, of DryBdale; and English, of Little River — eight in . alL Mr Smale holds meetings to-day— at Geelong ait noon, and at Stieglite -in the evening. Mr Levienalso meets tbe electon at Dryadale -tins afternoon. For the districts bf Geelong Bast and Geelong'West there are six announced candidates : for each, viz., Messrs Richardson, Kernot, T. ABehe, G. M. Langhorne, G. T. Lloyd, nnd j. M. Garratt far the former, and Messrs G. Berry, R. de B. Johnstone, A. Rntherford, E. Hopton, G. Ince, and-T. C. Riddle far the West.- Mr Lloyd met the electors at Germantown last night. A conference of delegates from the various- temperance societies and Recbabite tents fa the' .electoral district of Creswick is appointed to be held at the Apollo HaU, Clones, on -Tuesday next, . to nominate a candidate far .the support of .their constituents at the forthcoming election. According to the Age, Mr G. P. Smith has altered his mind with regard to re-entering. Par liament, and it is now stated lie will stand for North Melbourne. A Victorian .Permissive Bill Association, has been'-formed in Melbourne. "Mr George Higin-.; botham has been elected president, and the Mayor of Melbourne and Mr 11. S. ieglis vice-presidents. An influential committee has also been formed to agitate tbe subject during tbe elections. .-.J We regret to announce that Mr George Moore, the well-ktibwn collector far thvHSgpltalJ bah been found deficient in his acconnts tot.be extent of some X297 odd, and .is besides suspected of having committed the more -serious crime of forgery. In regard to the latter very little is yet known, - but -thefonner hsspaa willbe seen -from - onr report of the annual meeting of the governors and sfascribOT to, the HospitalIask night, toen- proved farobgb the vigflaoreiif foenditdfaSoll 'to admit of a donbt. fans all that has transpired ft would seem that the auditors Completed the audit -of the book% &c;_, for the jeorTseveral-days ago, jWhbn they, reported that all 'was right. The andit, sofax aswocan tearo, was condaotod fa the same mannerks It/hafl! b»en in formttj years iio regard to the collector, the principal check relied upon being the comparison of tbe block receipts with the enjteiesfaTfbe sash-book. , Bubsequently it was1 "deemed 'advisable' to compare" the entries fa the cash-hook with tbe published lists of subscriptions, and then it was found that discrepancies t were discovered, /detailed account of which will be found fa the re port of the auditors oivenriat Jength fa another column. It would- seam thirt eome'ldelay was eanBed tq lhe auditors m re-favestigatfagfoe coh. lecfbr'saiccouiits, through Mr Moo re. having failed to fhlfil'his promise that the pnblished llBteehonld he plated before them; and ft was only after "Mr Stevpns,.one of the committee, had. bean isppBed; to, that.jtbe.liate jrereqrocared-pme from Aim, - and othero'from foe newspaper offices.' Op Imirn- , fog what had occurred, tbe president olfoefaati'- ' 4ntion proceeded io lake possessioUjOf Mr Moore's 'hooks, &C4; and at odcecalled a spfaial meeting of the jMunmittee: .for Iast nigtt, -at aeren o'ciock.- That, meeting was. held privately, hot from what canbe gathered from' the' report' of the annas! meeting held snbseqaently nothing definite Seems" Tbave been done. At the anntul meeting ' the dis coveries made resulted fa the entire huslnees being postponed until a special andit from the - time when Mr Moore first took office has' been completed. The committee" again net after tbe annoal msetfag, and agreed,, subject to foe soli- citor'e . advice, -to notify the facte - so for 'aa'they: ace known to the Guarantee Society, whose policy for £500 is held by the committee, and to suspend Mr Moore pending the remit nf foe special audit. 7 Thus do matters at present stand ; - bnt whether farther investigation will makel ibembetter or worseremains to be seen. ,. . The Mayor of Ballarat West made foe amende honorable at the meeting nf the Water Committee last night for having ' at a meeting of this body Tfonr weeks idnee allowed himself to be drawn/into Jmakfoguse of expresBions which were perhaps' more' classical than polite towards a fellow conn- caior," and he hoped that ; ln fatore "counciUors wcnld confine themselves as etrictly as possible to the business of themeeting/aud ' thereby avoid making insfanftting remarks calculated : to pro voke other councillors to make replies that are any fofas hnt agreeable. to. all concerned" The chairman considered the explanation satisfactory, andit wae received end endorsed.— — A telegram was received in Ballarat last night, reporting the death of the Rev. George Tudor Hall in Melbourne yesterday. The deceased was a minister of the Primitive Methodist Church, and was at one time stationed in Ballarat for three years. His death occurred suddenly. The rev. gentleman was about forty-flve years of age. The funeral takes place to-day. At a meetfagsof theGolSen Lake Company, SpringdaHah, --held . yfoterdsy, -4he fallowing donations were votodV—To the BaHarat Hospital, !»«: foSriteatBepeYoieiit toylnm.AO; ,00 d to the Ballarat Orphan Asylum, £5. 2 Mr Alexander Murray Browne wm yesterday Arrested : and ' lodged 5n the Western' idek-'up,. ehatged with' forging and " uttering a ehequefari £E6 on the 21st instant. Tbe cheque -purported- rto be signed by Mr James Bullp.Tivfiy stable rjteeper, between wbomandfoe-finn at Henderson and Browne, of . which theAebiwdts a member, ihere badbeenWome combrerelftl transactions. At- tentlop waBdrajyn to tbe matter onThnradayfisst; when jfr BnU's.acepuntat the National Bankbav- ; &>B been made np, he repndiated foe cheque for £56 with which he had been. debited; and, upon its production, it,-wa pronounced tp »£a, fargrey. Detective Raso'n was Immediately commnnicated with, and that activeand tetellfomitffiWiBoorU1 placed -the' offender. -Having 'questioned Xfae 1 ledger-keeper at the . bank -as to foe peraon who ! thad presented the cheque/ te wili ledttohe coir iclnrion that it most have been siren fa by a gen- Ilemao'wboTii known teirohsactbnslnBBS ht'-the f Comer. Detective Eaaon accordingly yesterday mbrning waited on this gentleman, and explained the circumstances under -Whiefi he hrae<3obligedcb itdc him' for -information -regarding Thc gentleman in onestidh Immeaiateiy acknow- Browne; Mr Browne was then waited ha he did not give a satisfactory elanation of ti» raaaction fie was coovyyed jo foe'Wfatffnr lopk-up. Snbseqaently two additional chsrges of , a fomilar nature were; entered rfgainat him, the donbtiess come hefore'iliaipolfodfoagistiate fob morning. I A special meeting of the Hibernian Society was held on Thursday evening, fa foe halt. DdSfoon street, for foe purpose of nuking pre limfaaiy. Arrangements . for/i,ceIebmt(0E St. Patrick's Day. The fafiowfag gentiemeh .were present: — Bros.- D. Brophy, P. J. -Oorhett, J. Thompson, T. "Toomey, J. Bgtn, J.' O'Cohnell, J: M'Caviston/ W. M'CaSerty, E. Lyons, P Campbell, J. J. Fitxgerald, J. N. Healy, P. Bobbin a, P. F. Wholohan, W. Kinane, P. jO'JKeill,. Jpbp Cnllinev, and Thos. M-Cormack Bro. Toomey , D.P was Voted to lhe chair, "Wild 7 having read the advertisement convening , the meetfag/at was Tesoived, mi. the. motion of Bro J. Ran, seconded by Bro. J. Thompson, that foe. asimitf%rall8h "take tinTfbtm of "atliietle spbrte t sunilar to thpae-pamed nft atlhh jpreritfus anni versary-— ft w as also derided that half nf the. net proceeds be appropriated to foe District Hos pital, and the other half to the society's dram and fife hand for the purpose of procuring uniforms and paying foe current expenses connected with it. Bro. D. Brophy was elected aB general manager, Bro. Toomey as permanent chairman, Bro. Thos- M'Cormack as secretary, and Bro. P. Campbell as treasurer. The following committees were appointed, viz Finance — Bros. W. F. Walsh, M. Corbett, J. N. Healjg33uTMb0n?:J. JgeHpaJ, JThpmE son, acd P. Campbell, three to form a quorum. Sports— Bros. F. Lyons, P. O'Neill, P. F. Wholo- . ban, J. Dwyer, and J. M'Caviston. Workss— Bros W. M'Csflerty, J. O'Connell, J. Culliney, W! Kinane, and J. Thompson/: It was resolved, on the motion of Bro. Brophy, seconded by Bro. M'CaSerty— That the presidents of all branches fa tbe Ballarat district be invited to actas stewards, Bro. Lyons moved, and Bro. O'Neill seconded — That foe sum of £80 be expended for sports; bnt it w>£ nltffiatdy agreed that tifts mftterfte left iff \- foe-handnt foe.6porta comdiiiZeecknbjMktoSthe . appoval of the finance committee. Moved by .Bro. J. O'Connell, seconded by Bro. Campbell, knd carried— That foe secretary be instructed to write to "foe District Hospital, requesting a guarantee of £25, inasmuch as one -half of foe proceeds are to be devoted to that institu tion. It was decided, on the motion of Bro.Bropby, seconded by Bro. M'Caviston — That the chief president of foe society, Bro. Mark Young, he re quested tffact as marshal. Bro. Campbell moved, and 3ro. Brophy seconded — That a deputation, ronSttiDg«Ffo3f#Miaier; 'chairman, secretary," and treasurer," be appointed, 'to wait on-foe City Council, Caledonian Society, and City Cricket CInb, with the view of obtaining permission to use tbe Western Cricket Ground on the occasion. The secretary was instructed to write to tbe various friendly societies and pnblic bodies, 'soliciting their patronsgeT'Bro. J. J. Fitzgerald moved, and Bro. P. Campbell seconded— That . this meeting now stand adjourned till Wednesday, let proximo, at seven p.m., and that the sub- committees then firing, up , progress reports. A special meeting of the executive committees of all branches. -of foe. Loyal Liberal Reform Association will be held at foe Buck's Head hotel , this evening, at right o'clock. The following business was transacted after obr reporter left foe sitting of foe Water Com mittee last night. His report np to foe time of \- leaving will be found fa onr fourth page. Orders of foe day. — 1. Report of foe late deputation to Government about tbe £270,000 loan (postponed from last meeting). Postponed till next meeting. 2\. Amended, draft- commission, . and report of chairman -thereon.' Adapted, subject to the City Council adopting same at its next meeting. 3. Report of the J engineer- ibs to the raising foe Alfred Hall, and estimate of foe cost of tbe work. The surveyor and works committee to call far tenders, and briog np same at next meeting. 4. -Application of residents on reserve at the Moore- boot and Devil's Creek for an early settlement of tbe compensation for their improvements, with report of pnblic " works committee end engineer thereon. Postponed. 5. Re port of the execntive committee, recom- \- mending foe redaction fa foe water charges from -£1 to 10s on property valued under £10 per annum. Postponed for two monthB. Motions on notice. — By Conacillor Baird — That the plans of the gaologioalsnryey.of the water reserves, pre-, paredl by jfrJFM.jKrense, be engraved, and fine ; set presented to foe Ballarat School of Mines'." In the absence of Councillor Baird, Councillor CurtiB asked that tbe motion stand over till next meeting; agreed to. — By Councillor Eastwood, seconded by Councillor Josephs — That the plans and specifications of foe first portion of the con tract for the Gong Gong, ie., the deviation road, be sent to the Government for approval when ready. Councillor M'Dowall moved that tbe CouffiteJOaXtiHi. OThfc': motion Vas varriedr "Councillors Cowan, Soatt,— Steinfeld, Curtis,' WilliimB, ;and--En«sell .Voting for .it;; andrCoun- cillncs;Fry.and Cane, against. The -meeting then adjourned., . ... There wilf be forty- tiirea mpetin gfl in insolvent estates to be dod£ wlthfiy MrForbt® at foe next sitting of foeJGeriong Insolvent .Conrt, ohTridiy, Srd'FebrifitfbSB greater portioB'befagfaom'thfa part offoe district. - ThfijOst' appears qt another criumfa-/U/, 11 "' " Tere, was-a fairmnnfoer ..of, " shootistst"'''aB ; ArtemoB W>r _ght haveaaid, at Hilton's Uwo (.Bridges' fiotel, jimyfoesdale road, yesterday, to - witness foe pigeon match between Gowdie and Fox, two excellent shots.- Ten birda a piece/and 21 yards rise, was foe arrangement. Mr W. Big- , uell aoted. as...referee, bnt his experienced' jddgt < inent was only once called ..into requisition. .. The, first four birds were killed by Fox, who then became the favorite s! 2"and 3 to l;fint Gowdie, after havfag. 'mused a co'nple of pigeons io snc- ceesion, killed the -rest "of his fiatrii 1 without . a' mistake. There was" not mnch betting. The score stood at foe end offoe match: — , , , :- jGowaie iidoiiiiH.; v fFox;.../...>... ; wuboiio — A; double gaq was then foot for, by fan members, at 10s each, three fiiTds a piece, which- was won by Messrs Goirdie aDd HUton/they each shooting 'sit bifds fa" eocoessian. Mr C. 'Fnncke tied on "-rim first foree/ but' mimed- the /fafrd rbp'rid tri/ lmoting off. Abofoer sweep At Beren piem bars, was, in coeqaence of foe Bcarcity of birds and the anxiety of foe muffs 'to' JSave 'a/ppp, .dirided- between Messrs Gowfiie, 'NifooOs,' and Fudckm Mr"!TO/-"fciyd'E-mjden'perinrmahce in foe two " mnff - swee which follewaa was considered" xemafoabiy A.goo'i 'tor "" a'' novice, and there. is fomeltxlk, of bis challeitg- ing one fiTthFwiSherr ffi foEudntemplated-taaitch between MeesrsFox and Gowdie, of Ball&tst;, and. Messrs Young andUettett, foe crack shots of ; Maldon. In both the muff sweeps a marked respect for birds of anafaer foather was observed by a mature crow -which had found its way into the shooting paddoric, and -had a gun put into its claw. No.fainlt.-was found.' with the catering of host Hilton, and tbe Ballarot contingent arrived home abont Beven o'clock, well pleased with the dsyVaporti'j' ./ 'I 1 p 1 iWe yesterday inspected, at- Mr 'Bardwril'e establishment fa Start street, a' beautiful collec tion of photographic views which reached him by the last.imalli" Tfiey fapresent 'Ecenes iimonggt the Italian, Swiss,. English', ao8 Irish lakes .'and in China, Japan and other countries. -All appear to have been- taken in a ritilfnl mamter. whieh if., evident from foe "filesrneBS -aod distinctness witfi. which the prominent: objects :fiave been pour-" trayed. has also a numberiLo/.; chromo drawingscfittcqnal merit. We notice. fiy> advertisement tbaifxniefif foe pbotogmpbs is/to! bd given to eacfit>ffoannsucceBgful subscribereto" «ardai'»-present art unlonP-c rV! ; :: - The annnat mbeng of the CfanraTLadfas!-- Bfnevolent SmdjKHfoeld at tMApdlloHaD Chines, on Thnrs'aaV.eveBfagr.airhe' chair was 'taken by Rev. AluuderMouasoo, the Presbyte- riin minister. Thefee'vs. Herring,' ot St. Paul's Church, and Il«i'tt,To"f-"W'estey Uhurch, were present,-, laad afiVy.rdef ended lis canse.abfo Use-, Aind and noble mxertioue of the ladies.- There wasgQodattend4ace,-andtheproceedinge"'W,nre \ rendacEd ;more cnjoyahle fiy ;«ome excellent anthem mnsic rendered; fijy .-ptembbra. fit. -the . retiI bSPheen granted, ' during the year tojhe The Geelong bencb of magistrates met yestefe,. Aiy to ritwpjtthere.Tqnmber tojaefcathirim T>m>ce magistrsle .in- foettissnfaf :T)f licenses. Justices Tprment, andforifj choice fell on Mr. W. JF. D.ucker, the mayor of the town, arid'Mr Grorge'Cnnninghftm, fine of the'late representatives for' the districlrof -fiouth Grant. iA poor old rtBtof tmpsdpSifiiryvltB- jwaBlarvested onjMonday evfotngDas' by Snuttdconstable BovDQ'aK He had been .wauderfag about for two or: tttree das,.«nffering-from the sffects-of -drinking. --One . of aight/ witfa- Mmj/- f and about fiye am. he became jnneh worse.. Dr Fdroter was ieif for/ 'bnir befaro he' arrived foe 4p| Sreo' wtoy-tWh ycrifi fit, ' .Vfabtonfotup from Gfotong oil NevrYforik Wfoftltevtt? faYateHMdojSne, finder ihe-om be remem;. , hefeo, so sncccssrnily piloted the 'fanner ; xpnpe . of | Japanese, in con j miction with Mr Lenten, The" tcojnpany faclndes twrirefieHormerB, ail of them JtoRIShrefaleWAfflhBierwm opmmAUU 1 Trincess' Theatre; -Monday sreek , at foe azA ZDs a:; omko i aim MajjfisrptioS JfacrlMerotjeBterilmy.iB to hand, Dirt vfatSnWffiifaAnJ!tifingIn'ftSfio5i the Blackmau's Lead ghost. How is thisT 'sgzigsass. Statnte. Mr Gaunt has fixed the - dayB and -bours far tbe sittlngsfif lhe Uceusfag bpnehee in this district as follows:— City fc Ballarat. 20th March, «t noon; Ballarat East,' 21st March, at noon; ana wt Sebastopol, 22nd March, at two o'clock p.m. At a meetingol foe-Clnnes Hospital committee, held on Thursday, Mr Charles Tyrill was appointed secretary and collector fa place of _.jfeWAM..Qtihe National. Dank, was appointed treasurer. C According to foe Talbot Deader, on Wednesday fast the tenders were opened far foe erection of AueweaUnOraj jnCamp.atraet. ; Thafiof Messrs Cock and Co of Ballarat, far masonry and brick wwk finly, was -accepted 'conditionally for £597. The new structure is to be 60 feet x 85 feefi with walls 20 feet high. „ . . ... The fallowing joke Adeertirer says The rail«4y platform /was crowded on Thursday with aspirants far legisla tive honors and their -friends. ,A; wdl-known resident of fob Little. River, MrT-r P— , created no end of fan for foe bystanders by 'roasting' those who intend to add ALL. A. to .forik names; and when, as hewenttertake ids sefiifiifoe train , he called out, ' Now ail y ori'that want £300 a year comb fob vrey.1%0 laughter. Many would -doubtless have liked to secure, thfi.hfdt, but all - held tock -fasringthat their Intentions "might be misconstrned." The folly of writing down an important in- , dndtiy becanse itbEpenk to fall short 'qf /large profits for one half-year, may 'be gathered from 1 foe fallowing extract we mske from yesteraay 's Geelong Advertiser-.- Gur coBtempocary .BftyB: — " We are glad" to Jte able to/ report some good news far tbe sbarefiolderfe'-fotite "Victorian . Woollen ClothUompany. It has been stated that a local warehouseman has offered to buy. np their tweeds at the market prire, and that bis offer Ib id he taken into coudderation jst the fipieting ol directors to be held on Mmiiby'liiext. - Ehonld U be accepted, foe. trade will nb ldnger have reason to complain fait their iegitimito hnsfaess is Inter fered with by privaie lndividiials . being allowed id buy a single end of riotb at the office of foe com.- pany. Ibis has.been the reason why— at least we have been 'tbldfo hy o teading "tradesman— foe tweeds bsre bot been 'pnshed';at severol of onr -clothing establishments. The warehouseman who has msde the offer to foe directors believes, we understand, that he will be . able to dispose of nearly as much tweed as the company can pro duce." Amongst the passengers by foe steamer Bangs; tira, from Sydney; were foe Very Rev. the Arch; bishop of Sydney and the Right Rev. Dr. Shist By the same vessel have also arrived Mr George Coppfa and Mr and Miss Heller. Thewteamer Derwent, from Lannceston, also brings ber quota ;Of the theatrical world, Mr Hoskins and Miif 'Florence Colville having returned hy her, after a sncceseful tour in Tasmania. , , Mr Jackson, foe local telef;nph master, liad a very narrow escape during tbe thunderstorm on Monday (says the Colac Herald ). He had just left thefasteumeut when tbeilightuiog was conl ducted by the wiree'fato foe operating room,'' smashing some of them to atoms, and a bail of fire fell to the floor, and exploded with tbe report of ; a cannon. The floor was slightly burned, and the paper on foe wails scorched. Afand to aid the family of foe late Dr. Gorri- gnn has been initlated in Melbourne. It seems that all the doctor left them was a policy of life assurance fa London far £800. The bbn. A: Fraser and Mr James Bslfour have beec ap pointed honorary treasurers, and foe Rev J. C. Symoos and Mr B. F. Kane-secretaries. At a meeting of the Grant TestimoBisI com mittee held at Scott's hotel, Melbourne, on Thurs day, it was reported thot the gross amount' so far collected was £2742 I3a 2d. . £29. ill 6d had gone fa expenses, and the batauce left, was there/ fare £2712 18s 8d. The treasurer said be had no doubt the amount would eoob be made np to £3000: Gut of 405 collecting books, 217 -were still out, .while foe committee at - Sandhurst had npt yet sent in their returns. It was resolved .foat foe lists ehonld close on the 9tb of February,1 : land that they should then be published fa tbe three Melbourne daily papers. j Mr Curtis' neatly got up calender' for 1871 has ! reached ns. \- One of the most extraordinary and distressing casea onxeeard (writes foe Age) wag Investigated at foe Prahran Police Court -on Thursday. Three females iff -ladylike appearance;' And who'have - been aceuetomed to move fa thoroughly respect able society, were fiharged with haviug burglari ously entered the premises of Mrs Clarke, Baleigh street, Windsor, and stolen several -articles therefrom. The accused were Mrs Anne Green, aged fifty, widow of a Dabtfa solicitor, and her two daughters, Mrs Mary Loag, aged twenty- fire, wife of s gentleman employed in a chemist's bop in -Melbourne, And Miss Anus' Green, "aged " nineteen. The mother and her youngest daughter Maided1 with 'Mrs Long fa a house' In -Raleigh feeet, "Windsor, which Is next to . Mrs Clarke's honse, and separated therefrom hy' a rigbtHof-- way.' -Theeridence given also: tends to make the J case an extraordinary one. It waste) the effect fast Mrs Green bad broken into the house In the .'jmddleof the day, on the l inmates were absent therefrom, and stolen eevieral 'articles, including gold watdv'sameifirodches, -books, and bottles of ale sod porter,: which articles were found on foe same day by the police dn the house where foe three prisoners were. The two young prisoners wore discharged, but-Mrs Green wps committed for trial. . . The committee of the Working Men's -Meeting have provided a good entertainment 'far -tta visitors to-night.-. Master end Miss- Olivia Davis: will, ring some duets. The Band ofethe No. 3 B .TJR: will be faattendance, and foe spesker will be -Mr fl. Mitchell, . with MX George Smith fa ttb chaiir.' " .. Despite foe numerous political meetings held fa Ufa town last night; there was good" attendance at foe entertainment: giveo/j by/tbe,' Aujeijean Minstrels. ' Tfie "programme wsp "jenmewhat changed from ttaat of ' raepreee8iogrvenIng, bnt the fanvrto lirno wise dimiifiBhed by the altera-: tion. Another change is promised far to-night. . !" Aries' " letter, with regard to the admission, fif ladies to tbe AlfredfHali next Monday 'even- injf, is not fitted for oar columns. Gar yesterday's 'paragraph Tegartitnjj Messrs IP Arthur, Sherrard, and Copeland's purchase of. soft goods stock far £50,000 should have been/ that they bad bought Messrs Dickson -Brothers and Co.'s stock, valued at nearly that amount, namely £43,481. We are compelled to hold ever a sunder jof letters a'ndreports. ' " 