THE TRAVELLER.: r OVER THE FALLS AND OUT Off THE OCEAN. BEING AK ACCOUNT OF SOUS DANGEROUS EX P EDITION 8 IN A ROB EOT CANOE, IN N.Z., IN SEARCH OF GOLD. Br F. E. G. S. (CONTINUED.) ? nowever. over tne siae we ounaiea, ana we and onr coffins in tow polled off for the shore; tbe snuffles ceased on board the Lady Hotbam, and she bumped and banged herself ont of sight, making as much or more fuss and noise than our new ironclad, the Cer berus. " Like captain, like vessel!" thought I; as we reached the shore, beached our canoes above highwater mark, and turned to thank onr kind friends for helping us ashore. We were for camping the first night on the sandy beach, bilt they would not hear of it, so we left the canoes and accompanied them to the home, where, though it was past midnight, and we were quite unexpected guests (the head of the family atso being absent from home electioneering against him of the buck jumper, a bountiful supper was soon placed on the table, and in, 10 minutes we were quite at home. Oh! the comfort of a house) in the bush ! Here were no carpets, marble mantelpieces, mirrors, and jimcracks, but a floor as clean and bright as the handsome face of the eldest daughter, whom I caught scrubbing it on my next visit; a fireplace large enough to roast an ox, burning half a small tree at a time; and a large, roomy apart ment, sufficiently large for a good-sized evening parly. Hams and bacon were sus pended from the rafters, fowling-pieces of all sizes and descriptions were tanged in a rack, with powder-flasks, shot-bags, and caps,! all placed suggestively handy (we found out the meaning of this next day), and a huge! massive table was covered with a cloth as white as snow, with the best of food tempt ingly laid thereon. And don't they live; well in tbe bush. The improvised supper; showed that the larder could not have been badly stocked on onr arrival. Cold' roast pork, cold fowls, cold wild ducks,! a mutton-ham, the remains of what had been a splendid saddle of mutton, a salad, some boiled eggs, and some monster radishes. It seemed that, having once a week to attend the steamer to get their mail and parcels, it' was a rule for all to sit up until her arrival, and then discuss supper and the contents of their letters at the same time. But the beauty of the supper was, that it was all {crown upon the nlace. Tea. sugar, currants, flour, gun powder, and tobacco was all they had to send to Ndison for, and yet they lived like princes. Did they want change of food, their guns brought them pigeons and ka-kas (a delicious kind of the parrot tribe), and their boat and lines the beautiful fish for which the whole coast of New Zealand is so justly celebrated.' Did they want change of scene, they could ride over the hills to an adjacent township; or did they desire to visit Nelson at a time when it was inconvenient to wait for the weekly steamer, there was their own large-decked and fast-sailing cotter, moored (as we saw next day) in a lagoon close by, and this very vessel had been built on the run. They kept no female servant, and the men employed on the ran (for it was a large sheep run) slept and messed in a wharo. some distance off. They kept no ale, wine, or spirits, but the mead brewed by the lady mother was fit for the gods, and stronger than either of us at first reckoned upon. They were many in family, and a bright; hardy, handsome lot they were, from the bronzed. and sinewy eldest son, with the frame of a backwoods man and toe gentlemanly bearing of a young Chesterfield, down to the youngest daughter of ten, still in her scales and exercise-book, for a good piano was amongst tbe library fixings, and in that library I could have revelled for a raonth.^ Thisjba picture (not an imaginary one, bat a true one) of colonial comfort on a large station. Tbeeoos worked like their own laboniena, the -daughters did all the household work, the father (when at home) superintended the outdoor work on the run, and the lady-mother the indoor Work Ana her lowla. But, I must leave the fowls till to-morrow, Thongh there w»« no sign of want or poverty, there was alio no "appearance kept op, and no ostentation. Sqqs fpi dftBgfcten ha! all been to schools (except tad foDfig&t; who was just about to go to one), ana all had 4be bearing of educated ladiM and mntiamen. ' For a new chum to walk suddenly into that home as we did, he would compare it, most likely, toarou«h country farm-house at homo, asd ji&viog; ptit it down as each, wouldn't trouble his iuwd to look farther JiBhindthe scenes. And yet the head of that household (at presentaway canvassing for sto seat in parliament) was one of the most ootiva and upright of Nelson's magistrates, and possessed a$ the time «reapeako(fallyjix<ihousanda year. All things should not be Judged by ontward appearanofls. Oar ladyhostess was : fall ? cif in^aMes - In t^mmftirn^ wither daughters retired a^anner that*it had been YadeneBi ^ refute: beridef.:<Hir ^ttme-wtt^iour ofcro, and tbeiweawerlooked^fcf) all apriear .noes settled. Moreovar, *he> bjidher fowl yards tonhoW-ns, Chi Bin# wold handle the yacht folly m weUastiMwteetheTsandwouM take H I cmisedowtttbs ooatt sbesaid, who* the bo^ swinqr ^ ylj^ 4h<Wk1 iBuoufen&to; J sucOTtnbedtoJjtfcf^ltefli " hbstp smdwilHto^afrswf foil well worn out, towardii2o'clock a.m.we retired to xooat (bat I most not use fowl language) ready for the embraces of the " drowsy god." "Tom !" said I, as I drew up the snowy sheet (to which we were so soon to be strangera,) "How do yon like your present quarters?" " Bully!" was Thomas' laconic answer, and the next minute his heavy breathing showed that he was "off." I was soon "off" after him, and remember nothing, not even the ghost of a dream, till (he boys burst joyously into the room to tell us they were waiting breakfast for us. And, by Jove! it was eight o'clock, and the bright autumn sun streamed in at the uncurtained window, and up we leapt, and the boys took us down to a beautiful little sheltered creek, where a good plunge in the bright fresh water made new men of us, and (in spite of the late supper) we actually felt ready for breakfast, nor did the bright cheerful faces around the board deteriorate at all from the sensation. After, breakfast was over (and a eood one it was), our hostess took us out to inspect her fowlyards, and then it was we noticed that all the large home paddock was covered at intervals with coops, and broods of chickens, numbering many a ' hundred ; and now a scene enacted at the breakfa9t-table was accounted for, on which occasion one of the daughters had snatched up a readycapped, I double-barrel that reposed in the rack I have before alluded to, and left the room. Before Tom or I could ask a question, bang! bang! followed in quick succession, and this young lady returned, and replaced the still smoking tubes in their place, and quietly re sumed her's at the table as if nothing had happened. 'Ton fired twice," reproachfully remarked mamma. "Yes, ma," was the answer; but he was 50 yards off, and though I missed with the first barrel, the. other brought him dowd dead." " Brought him down dead? Brought who down dead ?" Tom looked at me, and I at Tom, and then we both together looked in terrogatively at our ho8tess, but she soon re lieved our fears and suspicions by remarking; " You see, we have over 1,200 sitting hens; and the hawks trouble lis so, that all my girls have to shoot, and they generally shoot well. It isn't often a second barrel is required. They can load for themselves, and clean their guns too!" "Twelve hundred hens! Never require two barrels at 50 yards! Clean their own guns! Manage a large cutter! Quod gracious," thought I, "what manner of people are these ? Do they ever travel to Nelson by a balloon made on the premises? Can they sweepchimneys and drive rail way engines ? " Tom and I exchanged glances again, and were silent And here was I, notoriously the worst shot in Nelson, expected to go out and shoot pigeons before these dead shots of girls. Not if I knew it. Nor did our astonishment decrease when, after breakfast, their mother told us, apropos of the prettiest and most delicate-looking of the young ladies (then en gaged in the library upon one of Beethoven's soft sonatas), that only a week previously she had shot and killed a wild boar that she met in the bush when wandering in search of wild honey. " It was a mercy," remarked her mother in conclusion, "that one of her brothers had' left a bullet in one of the barrels, and that1 her nerve did not fail her, for aa he made his rush at her she had presence of mind enough to hit him right between the eyes." Merciful powers!" thought I, " I wonder what number of Maories it would take to storm this garrison in broad daylight? I guess I would'nt form one of the attacking party!" But we went to see the fowl yards, and ob served how everything was reduced to a perfect system, and how these ({iris, boys, and their mother managed this Bee rninglyenormous busi ness without aid. The yards covered half an acre and more, and the sheds within were constructed of corrugated iron. There were laying-sheds, sitting .sheds, roosters' and cockrells' sheds, chicken-sheds, and sheds heated with hot-water flues for wintertime. We stood in a fowl paradise. While we had been slumbering, all these hundreds had been fed and attended to, besides the hens in the coops and their broods, and the young ladies bad done the work and changed their dresses before we were called to breakfast. It was wonderful. We asked our hostess how she made this business pay, so far away from a market, and with sucn a large Btock always on hand and increasing? We were told that the Lady Hotham weekly earned laree orates of eggs to Nelson, and generally 50 couples of fowls, but that the ctnef customers and consumers were found to be the Panama steamers and other coasting steam vessels and sailing crafts, which con stantly came in from stress of weather, or to buy cheap poultry, eggs, and butter. Indeed, our hostess did a trade with her children alone that was far from being despised, the more especially as she informed us that all this part of the business profits fell to her pny* purse for the use of herself and her .r1®? vand though 8be did not say so, I venly believe, she paid for her daughter's schooling and clothing with that same era fUSS?"' ^ * w&e; . She reminded one forcibly of that description of a good wife in the last chapter of the Proverbs of bolomon, although nothing, as far as we remember, was remarked about eggs in connexion with that lady. But asfar as getting up in the night (t e., before dawn) aad.superintending her maidens went, the simile held good. She also told us that a car penter lived at the farm whare, who had pot j op the fowl-sheds, and was employed in rinfag i but sawing and making these ! aT?^trW01? the eggs fa, and fruit ^of i which they had abundance) in the season. A . large daily of seventeen cows we visited after* : wards, and likewise some splendid Lpj^wter ; and Southdown wethers in an adjacent o&d; dock, for home consumption. Wenadnoooed w jthe centre of the fowl enclosure a hum , boiler, surrounded fm, tered about while i^Edes °Hdl risa,^! ihi^nesseehungoverfenoes fame and therejind |to be ^lUiddowa11for^heJOTrtl^0^^T oom were scatter^*! about the1 home farm, so it was .evident these fowls weco not starred. I'ttn 'sony for the sake of fowl.fancien that'I know nothing of the breedi of fowls, but I fantjy I rememter onr pottiu saying som* thing about Spanish» and Dorkings, and fre quent change? in the breeds. - However, the* wfere nowMl'*nxiety p> '? tee1 our^auOesTso down totbebeaohwe -. thfeir taatonuhmefct'".* SSLto* wodttftoj ittlebo bottom-boards, bade we shipped onr mast, arranged the sail with its halyard, sheet, ana bamboo;gaff and boom, along the deck, fore-and-aft; likewise .the paddle, leaving the waterproof hatch-cover, for'ard of the hatch, stretched oat with its cleats ready for immediate turning tack round our waists, and having performed a hasty toilette de mcr (depriving us of all clothes but our shirts ana trousers, turned up to the knee), we each tan our canoe down the sandy slope, and as the sea was then as smooth as glass, and it being ebb tide there was no Burf, right into it several feet; when by a movement we had both well prac tised, that of placing our hands behihd tig on the combings of the hatch, on the right &nd; the left side, starboard and pbrt (Only we were not sailors), we sprang easily toour seats, disposed of our legs, drew over the batch cover, grasped the paddle, and were soon 100 yards from shore. We thbn Jwent through various manoeuvres, which, unless the sea had heen perfectly stilly we could Hot have attempted, such as standing up in the canoe and paddling, and sitting down again (the hardest part), holding out our paddle by its blade at arm's length, lying down on our backs, with our legs stretched out over the deck, sitting astride on the after part BO u to raise the fore part right out of the water, jfcc., and finally,as a little breeze sprang up, hoisting our calico sails, and flyiMg down towards the lagoon at six knots an hotlr, followed by (he plaudits of our kind audiehce on the sand. The two young men ian along the be&ch; alongside of us, until the lagoon opened sud denly out, and lying behind a sandbank We saw the topmast and cross tree of a cutter,! so we steered right in, and were soon alongside of one of the prettiest and fastest batting little crafts in Nelson waters. Her pretty name I will not mention, for it would sti£m too personal. I will only state that it was taken from Victor Hugo's celebrated novel, "Les Miserables!" We went all over her, and inspected her little tiny cabin, with its two snug lockers, and her well-found gear, and trim appearance, and then we had another dip, this time in salt water, after which the brothers said they wonld like to try the canoes, so we sat on the deck of the cutter, and watched our friends, while they whobbled about from side to side, and seemed trying all they could do to upset themselves, while we enjoyed our stboke. Finally, they both came alongside, and pro tested against the boats as crank, unmanage able, unsafe, and no good. We enjoyed our laugh, of course; having so often beard the same verdict pronounced upon them by others who could not manage them, and hadn't the patience to practise with them, to learn the art of manoeuvring them (an art, b/ the way, which is not learnt in a hurry). As formyself, from long practice, I felt as much at borne in a canoe as in a boat. In any ordinary sea way, if you will only sit perfectly at ease, keep tnl) cano6 head to sea (if out at sea); and be careful how yon go about; if you have to run, you will find the little vessel as buoyant as a cork! The spray washes right over vou, and the waves roll over your deck! Whit does it matter? You have nothing on yoa that will hurt; your waterproof hatch-cover is tight round your body and the combings, and she cannot ship a single teacupfal of saltwater, unless by clumsiness you upset heir, tod even then you are not tied in, for the weight of your body carries the cov6r away with you, and after you are ont, the canoe will generally right herself, half full of water, and you can push her be fore you to the shore, swimming. However, thank goodness, no such accident occurred',to Thomas or me throughout our whole expe dition. Of course, I need not say that bad bne such happened we should have lost certainly one-half of our stores, and probably a canoe too, heavily freighted as they were, in which case the chance of reaching a rugged iron bound coast by swimming, sitting on a wet rock for a day and a night, with nothing to eat or drink, waiting anxiously for the other canoe to bring you aid, and perpetually hannted the whole time by the encouraging idea that your companion also bad come to grief, wonld not have been the liveliest por tion in the world. Whether our safety lay by picking our weather, by extreme caution lu some casesj and by a bold push, when it came to a push, in others, I do not know. 1 would rather attribute it, with reverence, to the caife taken of as by a higher Power than this world possesses. Well, we got into our tiny cockleshells again, and dipped away towards our hospit able entertainer's homestead, from which the distant screech of a discordant conch sbell now proceeded, warning us that dinner was ready. But how the wind had got vp, the tide had turned, and three white iibes of Surf spanned the half-moon bay in front of. the boat-house, nubing high up the steep-sloping sand-bank. Looking to seaward, black cjoudl were rolling up, and the crests of die wave* were begraningto curl. j "Tom," said I, "isjrboy, we're in fdra wetting. Here's ow first expetf mtyitYlfi surf, it don't seem much , as ybt,a must get on the top of a roller land; like biases with it, and ft wJU'wi ?p. Then we must Jump out wail ' faanl-up' before the next one conies tp'awclf us over." . "All right, old coekT' replied my bp»b panion, "bat suppose you go nrst,-" C wan't to see what * gettingdrowned' look a like." . . rr r, * I am afraid it was wkh-something distantly resembling an oath at Iris abominably fow ehaff at sack a time as.this, that I-set ?ay teeth, and "went at itMflcTlidW* m. half-broken three-year-old at a stiff fenoe'foe the;firat t^vv^n^ordw't leap"'^ ' towards tjie shore,^Sntjiot'^^i^^ij and getting all the steamwTboulil. Igottothesarf. Iftolditethteetffr ^ an d what looked Ifte two large doga i motientesson the edge ©! thS-djotr me- A» I had to do fow^rto head straight, aadjiuiipfrat djftritj grottBded. ' Hm^coBoes-a^duorl Bwish-h 1 coflHjMU efcefttrtfratctM 'to mrrwakl,and lilts me along. _ addle like blue murder, but alas I ttgowtoo it for me, tt iJHfMron the sand lis (as I have More explained) my m!L^, to be lame of, one leg, and this, no doubt, made *11 the differenoe, 