C|e JPreriire jfcrak KGHUCA, SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1871. We must refer again to the subject ot the erection of a bridge across the Murray. We have sent back our old member to Parlia ment, and we think lie must have understood i that it was, among other things, on the un derstanding that he would energetically in terest himself in this imporant matter. Whether he is with the Government of the day or against it, he has sufficient influence j to fix attention on the subject, if he will only | bestir himself in that direction. He can make it a question of bis own, and if he is persistent in bringing it forward no one can say that it is a peculiar erase of his, since it is one of great national importance that has been pressed by his constituents on his own attention. He knows, the members of the Government know, and the whole of the Parliament ougnt to know that it is dis- | graceful to the colony to leave a border line j impassable frequently for lengthened periods. This is not a mere sentiment. The colony has had practical proofs of the evil effects on j its commerce through the bridgeless state ot the Murray. We should like to see an agi tation of an extensive character got up in J order to bring about a result which has been j so lon<» desirable. We have been told over and over again by successive Governments that the matter should be attended to. 1« wm time to time such agitations as have taken place have been lulled to rest by plausible promises. We have been put off with a variety of diplomatic excuses from heads of departments, and we verily believe we are no nearer at this moment to the commencement of the bridge, unless we take the matter in hand, and urge it without ceasing, than we were seven or eight years ago. The resus citation of the Meat Preserving "Company affords an opportunity for entering upon a thorough ventilation of the question. Ihe people of Echuca unaided will never attain their object, and it is very doubtful if Mr Macgregor, with all the power and influence at his command, will be able to bring things to a conclusion unless s:me strong assistance • oiven him from without. We hope, as we have t"»id in a previ()US articJe; l,he eq'»»lters will numerously aid in setting the works of will uuu>, nrestirving establishment in the old meut n fha; active oper-dou "?■«• f >ol the people m van^ p profitable reeosmsiDg the excv "™1'. , nature of the enterprise, au,fi ifs a^'^ ^ges the commercial classes of the c>.ny f1 will interest themselres largely in tne „,q „ tion of the proposed mw company, these persons the building of a bridge au t the Murray is a matter of the highest interest, and their assistance might with advantage, and we think would be successfully invoked in impressing on our ^rulers and legislators the deep importance of'taking steps without delay for securing the necessary means of transit across the Murray. The promoters of the meat preserving industry in this locality should make it a point to endeavour to enlist the strong sympathies of the public in refer ence to this pressing want. It is a duty they owe themselves .and to those whom they may induce to join in the undertaking, and we hope they will not he so blind to their ow.n interests as to neglect to make the construc tion of the bridge one of their great objects as soon as they find they have reasonable prospects of floating their company on a good foundation. We may go to the Government, cap in hand—we intend no disrespect to the powers that be, but are simply stating what we know to be the fact from experience— and beg and pray that the money may be ap propriated and applied to the building of the bridge, and we shall be told that it is all right—every consideration will be given to the matter, and if we rest content with the answer, we shall go without the bridge, for anything that any one can toll to the contrary, for the next seven or eight years. But we must not take "all right" tor an answer, and must set it down as being all wrong, until the contracts are taken for the construc tion of the bridge and the material is actually on the bank of the river. The Government of New South Wales, on every occasion on which it has been applied to for a considerable length of time, has quietly and calmly re plied that it is quite prspared to enter oa its half of the undertaking, and that the money will be immediately forthcoming on a similar movement being made by the Government ot Victoria. It is our own colony that is acting the obstructive part, and all our efforts must be directed towards forcing it into action. Local public meetings should be held, and, we believe, it would not be very difficult to in Melbourne. Petitions could then be drawn up which would certainly be very numerously B-Vned, it the proper means were adoptea for the purpose, and working committees should be formed to urge the matter in all the large centrr-B of population interested in it. VVe are well aware that pecuniary considerations are an obstacle, to movements of the descrip tion named. But to meet these subscriptions should in the first place he raised, and, con sidering how large a majority of the inhabi tants of Victoria and Riverina are interested in the matter, it ous?-bt not to be a work of very great difficulty to raise such an amount as would be necessary to meet the expenses of the necessary printing and engrossing. We quite believe that the Government is dis posed to listen to any representations made id the matter, hue there are alwavs so many important- questions pressing: for'considera tion, and the Murray is so f'nr distant from the seat of the Government, that our applica tions on what, very erroneously, is considered to be a local work, are sure to be forgotten unless they are kept constantly under the eyes of the chief authorities. What we ought to do then is to badger the Parliament iuto attending to this great national want, and to supplying it among the first of those for which it will be called on to appropriate the public monies. The farmers and residents io the parish of Tatailla, New South Wales, who have Echuca $s their principal market, are now rather un pleasantly situated. The reader of Bunyau's Pilgrim's Progress will remember the Slough of Despond that had to be passed through before the " other side of Jordan" could "be reached ; but this slouch was a mere joke to what the Tatailla farmers, selectors, and others are expected to get across or tftrough, a mile beyond the Monma Cemetery. For two or three perches the road has by the floods been* rendered completely imoassable, so that, in order to reach Moamn or Victoria, the'unfortunate individuals who bring milk" and other produce to Echuca lia've to go two mi'es out of their way, and pass through private propery, not yet fenced in. Pur chasing their selections upon the supposition that some description of Government road was to be wa:waineci, it is hard on them to have to drive their horses through « mass of mud and mullock up to the belly band. We are glad to learn, however, thut arrangements are in progress to request Mr Mauns'dl, the Police Magistrate at Moama, to call a public meeting, in order to adopt a metnoiial to the Government of New South Wales, calling attention generally to the state of the roads in the neighborhood of Moatna, occasioned by the action of the recent fl:ods. In the mean time it wouiij appear, though the Sydney Government are disposed to sell any amount of land in Riverina, that it is a matter of indifference to them whether farmers, free selectors, aild others are reduced to the ne cessity of swimming or flying with the fruits of their industry to available markets. The lollowing are the arrangements for the out going Indo-European mail :—For registered letters, the Echuca post-office closes at 6 p.m. on Saturday, 25th March; (or newspapers (via Brindisi excepted;, at 3 p m. on Monday, 27th March ; for ordinary letter.-, at 3 45 p.m. on Moyday, the 27th March ; for newspapers -via Hrindisi, at 2.45 p.m. on Monday, 2?th March. The following are the heights of the rivers above summer level on the 24th March:—Echuca, 8ft 2ii>; Swan Hill, 8ft; Wahgunyah, 4ft 6in ; Wagga Waggn, 6ft liu; Albury,.lft llin ; Uul ranaJd, 14Jt 8in. It is with regret we are informed that owing to some exaggeration in expression on the part of .an old and respected member of our ftorough Council made-towards another member of that body l'o the Council Chambers on the 18th instant, a special meeting hag been called for Monday next to take the matter' into con sideration. We understand that it is the intimated inten tion of the fib-lit Rev. Dr Perry, Lord Bishop of Melbourne, to visit Echiica on the 30th of next month, to perform -the rite of continuation to the young member* of Christ Church. A meeting of the Church Committee will be held on/l-nesday next, when his Lordship' will probably he re quested to Rive a lecture on the occasion of his visit. _ Considering his great scholastic abilities and high reputation, we have no doubt that one of the largest audiences that ever assembled in Echuca, will be present to listen to him.' In consequence of the departure from Echuca next week of the Itev. Charles Lancaster, a farewell tea" meeting, is to be held in the Wes leyan Church on Monday next,' which wiil no doubt be numerously attended. Though Mr Lancaster has only been a year in Echuca he has obtained the respect-, and esteem of a wide circle of friends, not alone in his own congre"o tioti, but throughout the ,whole, community, and flu"™5 ar® none we believe;either who have had the bc"ne^' "''s '"'"istrations or the pleasure of his eociei w'" "ot w's1' '"m "Hod speed." The rev",gej,t'c*n'"u t2^es his departure from Bchuca oo'fl?r Beathcote where he takes charge of the We have much pleasu're !n drawing attention to the notice of the. Public i?al* whicl1- ^n(ler t'"-' auspices of the trmlesmeii of ^cbuca, is to take place in the Town H Tickets may be obtained. from the n».'!"l',ere of committee up to the evening of Monday. H>e originators of this proposed assembljge of .'be burgesses deserve much credit for their public spirit, and we trust not only that the meeting will be a pleasant one, and full of enjoyment, but that the sum to be handed over to the Bendigo Hospital for the purchase of tickets will do credit to the community. The police, at last, assisted by a regiment of/ volunteers, made a raid yesterday morning upon the goats that have hitherto been accustomed to wander about the towji unmolested. The un fortunate bleaters were placed iu a pound at the Water Tower, to the intense delight of all the children in the .neighborhood, who took up for hours a position outside .the fence, and earnestly contemplated the creatures as though they had never seen a goat fiefore. It so happened, how ever, that a w.ell-.kjiown Jady, a storekeeper in this town, missed her goait, and was deprived of the usual supply of morning's milk. After some agitated enquiries, she Craned the goat to the pound, hut finding the fence difficult to cross under the disadvantages of a feminine garb, she summoned to her aid air B , the well known builder, awd he vvii'; gallantry which is one of his distinguishing characteristics, sprang across^and restored the imprisoned animal to its owner's arms, and she, imbued with the milk of human kindness, carried her four-footed friend home, uot giving it a ghost of a chance to walk. Possibly if the-energetic deliverers of this well-beloved goat had considered that the cost of releasing their friend would only have been ten shillings, they would Jiave considered twice before exposing themselves to the action of the law, whicii in this case might -be summary, and result in persoual impounding. Most un doubtedly, the public generally have good cause for thanking the Town C'ounr.ii for the wisdom manifested by them in putting the goat bye-law iuto operation. We do not want to believe there are any "larrikins"—in the Melbourne meaning of the term .\rncing.«t us j but, whatever our wislu-s or desires may be, we are compelled to acknowledge that there are boys in this town, the children of respectable paren's, who take delight in mere wanton destructivuness. Last Sunday some rf these foolish j'oungsters broke and destroyed two or three dozen trees iu the Public P»rk. Some of these trees were five feet high, and it is really I too bad that the only ornamental place we have, I and the place specially set apart for public | rccreation and enjoyment, should be so injured. It might appear hard to send a fuolish lad to gaol or a reformatory for an nction of this thoughtless description, but it must yet be done, in order to set an example. The census of the colony of Victoria will he taken on the n'ght of Sunday, the 2ml of April. The enumerator in the different districts will appoint pub- enumerator", whose duty it will be to distribute the census forms in the various sub divisions of the district allotted to them previous to the 2nd April; and on the evening of that date the head of each Household will be required to fill up the schedule left by the sub-enumerator, according to the different headings, which not only include the name, relation, condition, sex, ajse, rank, profession or occupation, health, where born, religion, and education, but it is also necessary that the amount of land and the num,her of live stock owned by each person should also be returned. The live stock not only includes horses, cattle, sheep and pigs, but also goats nnd poultry. We may mention that a heavy penalty attaches to anyone who refuses to furnish the in formation required upon them. There is also a heavy penalty imposed upon any sub-enumerator who divulges any of the particulars furnished h m on any of the returns. e hep to draw the attention ol our readers to an electoral notice in onr advertising columns by i\lr Andrew Mayne, electoral registrar (who has been appointed in room ol Mr J. W. Burridge) that the supplementary list of persons claiming to vote for the ICcbuca Division of Rodney can j now be obtained or inspected at his office. On the occasion of young Mr Thomas Boyce coming of age, his lather, Mr William Boyce, the jvell known settler at Tatailla, gave a ball and suj>per.on the evening of Tuesday hist, the 21 infant, to n large party ol friends. Mr Wright and other innsiciatiH were present, and dancing wis kept up till an early hour in the thorning The young man's health, was drunk with the ubu-il honors,' and responded to in a manner proving him to be a worthy "chip of the old block.'' : We are informed that Tarragon /and Boyeo farms, lately owned by Mr James- Irons, which were offered ior sale at Dsiiiliqnin yesterday, did not find a purchaser. We are rather surprised at this, as the land and th« locality is generally considered to be superior to any, in the district. We observe that this'valuable property is riow iti. the hands of Mr James* Shaukell, auctioneer, cf this town, and as the reserve, appears., to ha?e been withdrawn,-' a purchaser will 1 doubtless be found. Contractors.and others will observe from our advertising columns that tenders will be received Up to the 4th April next, for the construction of _1 enders are to be forwarded to the Road Board office, Kerang, where the plans and specifications can he seen. W e have much^p.Ieasare in drawing attention lo an advertisement Tif'our preset*"issue to a laney bnziar in a)d of the Bendigo Hospital'nnd Asylum, to lie held in the CaniD Reserve, at Sandhurst, on Easter Monday and'Tuesday, the 10th and 11th proximo -In connection with the bjzaar there will be other sports and pastimes, and the " Bruce Auction" will be a leading feature, when as 'usual anything will be received, ' from a needle, to an anchor." Looking at the benefits which Lehnca and the surrounding dis tricts have derived from the Bendigo Hospital we have no doubt this fete will be patronised by many'residents liere. We are clad to learn that Mr W. "Ford bujcher^whq was seized with a spasmodic attack in the Church-of England on Sunday last, is progressing favorably. We have been favored by the Wardsman of the Swan Hill 'Hospital with the followin-t report for the week ending 20th of March, 1871 remaining in hospital last report, 17- admitted since, 4; discharged cured, 5; incurable,. 1; relieved, I; died, 0; remaining in hospital, 17, AnotbeHnstanceof a lettsr doataining valuables being lost in transit through the poBt i'b given in the Police (raz-tte as follows:—" Stolen from a letter at Rnnnymede or Melbourne, or in transit between thesa plaoes, on the 13th instant, a £5 note on th°.London Chartered Bank. No. 15 624 • owned.by Geo. Wellsteed." ' ' Balranald Races takes place on the 5th and 6th of next month. A correspondent has kindly sent us the programme. Mr Henry Niotneitz, a' scientific gentleman has started from Sydney for the Ivlurrumbidgee' to hunt for under-ground springs and water courses with his divining rod. By the last mail, intelligence was brought on£ of the demise of Sir Colman O'Lojhlen, Ba t the brother of Mr Bryan O'Loshlen, the Crown Prosecutor, and as the late baronet died wuhout issue, Mr O'Loghlen suooeeda to the title and estates. The contract for the erection of police qnarterg at Corop has been obtained by Mr Riohard Davis • amount, £354. ' Mr George Thomas Lloyd, who wn3 one of the candidates at the late election for Gedong East died at 6 o'clock on Wednesday night, at his residence in Ryrie- streeet, Oeelong. The cause of death wns dysentery, from which Mr Lloyd was suffering at the time of the election, and thi« prevented him from taking any active part in the proceedings on the polling day. On Wednesday morning he was evidently sinking, and Or Day called in Dr Reid ; but skill was unable to save him. Mr Lloyd came out to [sic] an uncle in Van Diemen's Land many years since, and subse- quently he was one of the earliest settlers in the Western District, and was at one time a member of the Geelong Corporation. While in England, some years since, he wrote and published "Thirty, three Tears Residence in Tasmania and Victoria," a book which contains many interesting incidents of early colonial life. The Railway.—We are much amused 'InY week to hear the "railway was granted, with two miles of land on each side ol the line from Moama." People here swallowed the gossipping bait, and swore by the " Dr.'' Here is what the latter last night published .-—"The following telegram, dated Sydney 20th of March, is from Mr Thomas Robertson, Mavor of Deniliquin to the chairman of the public meetin,' held on Monday week :—The interview lasted three hours on Saturday with the Colonial Secretary re Railway. No guarantee can be hoped for. Th§ Secretary is favourable to granting the railway reserve to a company ; also a square mile of land for every mile of railway, but he has not con ' BUiteil his colleagues or Parliament. The m:i.ti mum rates for passengers and traffic would have to be fixed by Parliatneuf, and right reserved to Government to fake over the i:::e on equitable terms. Now really, does noi this leave us just where we stood—of course with a little pddition of twaddle ? Our contemporary addsWe pre sume that our next step will be the appointment or a fresh Rai way Committee, to work out the matter properly fl„a in nominating the men, for fEm'nV ? 61 t[Tenot be a croaker ammg them. Now, is not that about as neat a sentence as cou d bg expected from the original Croaker P «•* a** j~f nl',rhelKeT York says that the fashion able churches are beginning to be active with wedding ceremony rehearsals. It is now ■ an established rule for wedding principals to rehearse the entire ceremony, pnsihons. precession, posture bow and carnage until all are perfect in every e.senti.il point. Last season the rehearsals were numerous, but did not include all wediiines. This season everybody about to be married, who is any body, will go through the rehearsal business. We have been requested to call attention to peveral advertisements in our column.,, intima- I ting the sale by. auction, at Mr James Sh.ickell's ro. xns, this day, of allotments of land i„ [.cbuca and Corop likewise of shares in the Echnca Vmeyanl Company, wines, cases of apples, &c; Ihe sales commence at- half-pa«t twelve 