UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BARTRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XLIII. NEWS AT BARTiSAM GATE. Br J. S. LE FANU, Author of "Wylder's Hand," "The House by the Churchyard." &c.; &c.; Milly and I, thanks to our early Bartram hours, were first down next morning; and as 6oon as Cousin Monica appeared we attacked her. " So Lady Mary is the fiancee of Mr. Carysbroke," said I, very cleverly ; and I think it was very wicked of you to try and involve me in a flirtation with him yesterday. "And who told you that, pray?" asked Lady Knolly's, with a pleasant little laugh. " Milly aud I discovered it, simple as we stand hire," I answered. " But you did not flirt with Mr. Carysbrooke, Maud, did you ?" she asked. " No certainly not; hut that was not your doing, wicked woman, but my discretion. And now that we know your 6ecret, you must tell us all about her, and all about him ; and in the first place what is her name—Lady Mary what?" I demanded. "Who would have thought you so cunning ?" Two country misses—two little nuns from the cloisters of Bartram ? Well, I suppose I must answer. It is vain trying to hide anything from you; but how on earth did you find it out ?" " We'll tell you that presently, but you Bhall first tell us who she is," I persisted. '•Well, that I will, of course, without compulsion. She is Lady Mary Carysbroke," said Lady Knollys. " A relation of Mr. Carysbroke's," I asserted. " Yes, a relation; but who told you he was Mr. CaryBbroke ?" asked Cousin Monica. " Milly told me, when we saw him in the Windmill Wood." " Aud who told you, Milly ?" "It was L'Amour," answered Milly, with her blue eyes very wide open. " What does the child mean ? L'Amour ! You don't mean love ?" exclaimed Lady Knollys, puzzled in her turn. " I mean old Wyat; she told me and the Governor." You're not to say that," I interposed. " You mean your father ?" suggested Lady Knollys. " Well, yes; father told her, and so I knew him." " What could he mean ?" exclaimed Lady Knollys, laughing, as it were in soliloquy; " and I did not mention his name. I recollect now. He recognised you, and you him, when you came into the room yesterday ; and now you must tell me how you discovered that he and Lady Knollys were to be married." So Milly re-stated her evidence, and Lady Knollys laughed unaccountably heartily; and Bhe said— "They will be so confounded I but they deserve it; and, remember, I did not say so." Oh ! we acquit you." " All I say is, such a deceitful, dangerous pair of girls—all things considered—I never heard of before," exclaimed Lady Knollys. There's no such thing as conspiring in your presence." 'Good morning. I hope you slept well." She was addressing the lady and'gentleman who \vere just entering _„?„„: the room K'„vi-H.ir froi&the; conservatory. "You'll hardly sleep so well to-night, when you have learned what eyes toe upon you. Here are two very pretty detectives who have found out your secret, and entirely by your imprudence, and thoir own cleverness have discovered that you are a pair of betrothed lovers, about to ratify your vows at the hymeneal altar. I assure you I did not tell of you; you betrayed yourselves. If you will talk in that confidential way on Sofas, and call one another by your Christian names, and actually kiss at the foot of the stairs, while a clever detective is scaling them, apparently with ho? back toward you, you must only take the consequences, and be known prematurely as the hero and heroine of the forthcoming paragraph in the Ittiming PdSt. Milly and I were horribly confounded, but Cousin Monica was resolved to place us all upon the least formal terms possible, and I believe she had set about it in the right fray. " And now, girls, I am going to make a counter- discovery, which, I fear, a little conflicts with yours. This Mr. Carysbroke is Lord IlbUry, brother of this Lady Mary; and it is all my fault for not having done my honours better; but you see what clover match-making little creatures they are." "You can't think how flattered I am at being mode the subject of a theory, oven a mistaken one, by Miss Ruthyn." And so, after our modest fit was over, Milly and I were very merry, like-the rest, and we all .grew fl great deal more intimate that morning, I think altogether those were the pleasantest trnd happiest days of my life; gay, intelligent, and kindly society at home; charming excursions—sometimes ruling—sometimes by carriage—to diBtant points of beauty in the county. Evenings varied with music, reading, and spirited conversation. Now and then a visitor for a 'day or two, nnd constantly some neighbour from the town, or its dependencies, dropt in. Of those I but remember tall old Miss Wintletop, most entertaining of rustic old maids, With her nice lace and thick satin, and her smtj), kindly roand face—pretty, I dare •Bay, in other days, and now frosty, but kindly —who told us such delighful old stories of the county in her father's and grandfather's time; who knew the lineage of everyfamily in it, and could recount all its duels and elopements ; give us illustrative snatches from old election squibs, and linos from epitaphs, and tell exactly where nil the old-world highway robberies had been committed; how it fared with the chief delinquents after the assizes; and, above all, where, and of what sort, the goblins and elves of the county had made themselves seen, from the phantom post-boy, who every third night crossed Windale Moor, by the old coach-road, to the fat old ghost, in mulberry velvet, who showed his great face, crutch, nnd ruffles, by moonlight, at the bow window of the old court-house that was taken down in 1808, You cannot imagiiio what agreeable evenings we passed in this society, or how rapidly my good Cousin Milly improved in it. I remember well the intense suspense in which she and I awaited the answer from Bartram- Haugh to kind Cousin Monica's application for an extension of our leave of abBeuce. It came, and with it a note from Uncle Silas, which was curious, and, therefore, is printed here:— " My Deaii Lady Knollys,—To your kind letter I say yes (that is, for another week, not a fortnight), with all my heart, I am glad to hear that uiy starlings chatter so pleasantly ; at all events the refrain is not that of Sterne's. They can get out; and do got out; and shall get out as much as they please. I am no gaoler, and shut up nobody but myself, have always thought that young people have too little liberty. My principle has been to make little free men and women of them from the first. In morals, altogether—in intellect, more than we allow—«e//'-education is that which abides, and it only begins where con straint ends. Such is my theory. My practice is consistent. Let them remain for a week longer, as you say. The horses shall be at Elverston on Tuesday, the 7th. I shall bo more than usually sad and solitary till their return; so pray, I selfishly entreat, do not extend their absence. You will smile, remembering how little my health will allow me to see of them, even when at home; but as Chaulieu so prettily says—I stupidly forget the words, but the sentiment is this—" nl though concealed by a sylvan wall of leaves impenetrable—(he is pursuing hiB favourite nymphs through the alleys and intricacies of a rustic labyrinth) —yet, your songs, your prattle, and your laughter, faint and far away, inspire my fancy; and, through my ears, I see your unseen smiles, your blushes your floating tresses, and your ivory feet and so, though sad, am happy; though alone, in company;"—and such is my case. "One only request, and I have done, Pray remind them of a promise made to me, The Book of Life—the fountain of life it must be drunk of, night and morning, or their spiritual life expires. " And now, Heaven bless and keep you, my dear cousin ; and with all assurances of affec tion to my beloved niece aud my child, believe me ever yours affectionately, "Silas Ruthyn Said Cousin Monica, with a waggish smile " And 60, girls, you have Chaulieu and the evangelists; the French rliymester in his alley, aud Silas in the valley of the shadow of death; perfect liberty, and a peremptory order to return in a week; all illustrating one another. Poor Silas! old as he is, I don't think his religion fits him." I really rather liked his letter. I was struggling hard to think well of him, and Cousin Monica knew it; aud f really think if I had not been by, she would often have been less severe on him. As wo were all sitting pleasantly about the breakfast table a day or two after, the sun was shining on the pleasant wintry landscape, Cousiu Monica suddenly exclaimed— " I quite forgot to tell you that Charles Oakley has written to me to say he is coming on Wednesday next. I really don't want him Poor Charlie ! I wonder how they manage those doctors' certificates. I know nothing ails him, and he'd be much better with his regiment." Wednesday 1—how odd. Exactly the day after my departure. I tried to look perfectly unconcerned. Lady Knollys had addresed herself more to Lady Mary and Milly than to me, and nobody in particular was looking at me. Notwithstanding, with my usual perversity, I felt myself blushing with a brilliancy that may have been very becoming, but which !J intolerably provoking that I would fiave a B risen and left the room but that matters would have been so infinitely worse. I could have boxed my odious cars. I could almost have jumped Com the window. I felt that Lord Ilbury saw it. I saw Lad3' Maiy's eyes for a moment resting gravely on my tell-tale—my lying cheeks—for I really had begun to think much less celestially of Captain Oakley. I waS angry with Cousin Monica, who, knowing my blushing infirmity, had mentioned her nephew so suddenly while I was strapped by etiquette in my chair, with my faoe to the window, and two pair of most disconcerting eyes, at least, opposite. I was angry With myself—generally angry—refused more tea rather dryly, and was laconic to Lord Ilbury, .all which, of course, was very cross and foolish: and afterwards; from my bedroom window, I saw Lady Mary and Cousin Monica, among the flowers, under the drawing- room window, talking, as I instinctively knew, of that little incident. I was standing at the " My odious, stupid, perjured face," I whispered, furiously, at the same time, stamping on the floor, and giving myself quite a smart slap on the. cheekX " I can't go down—I'm ready to cry—I've a mind to return to Bartram to-day ; I am always blushing; and I wish that impudent Captain Oakley was at the bottom of the sea/' I was, perhaps, thinking more of Lord Dbury than I was aware, and I am sure if Captain Oakley had arrived that day, I should have treated him with most unjustifiable rudeness. P-, Notwithstanding this unfortunate blush, the remainder of our visit passed very happily for me. No one who has not experienced it can have an idea how intimate q small party, such as ours, will grow in a short time in a country house. Of course, a young lady of a well-regulated mind cannot poBsibly care a pin about any one o! the opposite sex until she is well assured lhat lie is beginnisgi at least, to like .her bettor than all the world beside; but I could not deny to myself that I was rather anxious to know more about Lord Ilbury than I actually did know. There was a " Peerage," in its bright starlet and gold uniform, corpulent and tempting, upon the little marble table in the drawingroom. I hadmany opportunities of consulting it, but I never could find courage to do For an inexperienced person it would have been a matter of several minutes, and during those minutes, what awful risk of surprise and detection. One day, alll being quiet, I did venture, and actually, with a boating heart, got so far as to find out tho letters " II," when I heard a step outside the door, which opened a little bit, and I heard Lady Knollys, luckily arrested at tho entrance, talk some sentences outside, her hand still upon tho door-handle. I shut the book, as Mrs. Bluebeard might the door of the Chamber of Horrors, at tha sound of her husband's step, and skipped to a remote part of tho room, where Cousin Monica found mo in a mysterious state of agitation. On any other subject I would have questioned Cousin Monica unhesitatingly ; upon this, somehow, I was dumb. I distrusted myself, and dreaded my odious habit of blushing, and knew that I would look so horribly guilty, and beeome so agitated and odd, that she would have reasonably concluded that I had quite lost my heart to him. After the lesson I had received, and my narrow escape of detection in tho very act, you may be sure I never trusted myself in tbo vicinity of that fat and cruel " Peerage," which possessed the secret, but .would not disclose without compromising me. In this state of tantalizing darkness and conjecture I should have departed, bud not Cousin Monica quite spontaneously relieved me. The night before our departure she sat with us in our room, chatting- a little farewell gossip. " And what do you think of Ilbury ?" she asked. " I think him clever and accomplished, ond amusing; but be sometimes appears to mo very melancholy—tbat is, for a few minutes together—and then, I fancy, with on effort, re-engages in our conversation." "Yes, poor Ilbury! He lost his brother only about five months since, and is only beginning to recover his spirits a little. Tliey were very much attacked, and people thought that he would have succeeded to the title, bad he lived, because Ilbury is difficile— or a philosopher—or a Saint Kedn; and, in fact, has begun to bo treated as a premature old bachelor." " What a charming person his sister, Lady Mary, is. Sbe has made me.promise to write to her," I said, I suppose—such hypocrites are we—to prove to Cousin Knollys that I did Dot cure particular!}- to hear anything more about him. " Yes, and so devoted to him. He came down here, and took the Grange, for change and solitude—of all things the worst for a man in grief—si morbid whim, as he is beginning to find out; for he is very glad to stay here, and confesses that be is much better since he came. His letters are still addressed to bim as Mr. Carysbroke; for he fancied if his rank ware known, that the county people would have been calling upon him, aud so he would have found himself soon involved in a tiresome round of dinners, and must have gone somewhere else. You saw him, Milly, at Bartram before Maud came ?" Yes, she had, when he called there to see ber father. " He thought, as he had accepted (he trusteeship, that be could hardly, residing so near, omit to visit Silas. He was very much struck and interested by him, and be lias better opinion of bim—you are not angry, Milly—than some ill-natured people I could name; and he says that the cutting down of the trees will turn out to have been a mere slip. But these slips don't occur with clever men in other tbings; and some persons bave a way of always making them in their own favor. And, to talk of other things, I suspect that you and Milly will probably see libury at Bartram; for I think he likes you very much." You; did she mean loth, or only me ? So our pleasant visit was over. Milly's good little curate had been much thrown in ber way by our dee]) and dangerous cousin Monica, lie was most laudably steady; and his flirtation ndvanced upon the field of theology, where, happily, Milly's little reading had beeu concentrated. A mild and earnest interest in poor, pretty Milly's orthodoxy was the leading feature of bis case; and I was highly amused at her references to me, when we had retired nt night, upon the points which she had disputed with him, and her anxious reports of their low-toned conferences, carried on upon a sequestered ottoman, where he patted and stroked his crossed leg, ns he smiled tenderly and shook his head at her questionable doctrine. Milly's reverence for her instructor, and bis admiration, grew daily; and he was known among us as Milly's confessor. He took luncheon with U6 on the day of onr 'departure, and with an adroit privacy, which in a layman would havs been sly, presented her, in right of his holy calling, with a little book, the binding of which was medieval and costly, aud whose letter-press dealt in a way which he commended; -vith some points on which sbe was not satisfactory and she found on the fly-leaf this little inscription : — " Presented to Miss Millicent Rutbvn, by an earnest well-wisher, 1st December^ 1844." A text, very neatly penned, followed this; and the " presentation" w&8 made unctioiisly indeed, but with a blush, as well as the accustomed smile, and with eyes that were lowered. The early crimson sun of December had gone down behind the hills before we took our sentB in the carriage. Lord Ilbury leaned with his elbow on the carriage window, and he said to me— •'I really don't know what we shall do, Miss Ruthyn; we shall all feel so lonely. For myself, I thiDk I shall run awiiv to the Grange." This appeared to me as nearly perfect eloquence as human lips could utter. His-hand still rested on. the window, nnd the Rev. Sprigge Biddlepen was standing ivith a saddened smirk on the door steps, when the whip smacked, the horses scrambled into motion, and awny we rolled down the avenue, leaving behind us the pleasantest house and hostess in'the world, and trotting fleetly into darknes towards Burtram-Hnugh. We were, jioth rather silent. Milly had her book in her lap, and I ,saw her every now and then try to redd ber "earnest wellwisher's" little insoriptiop, but there was not light to read by. When we reached the right gate of Bar traui-Haugh it was dark. Old Growl, who kept the gate, I heard enjoining the tuftti lion to make no avoidable noise at the halldoor, for the odd but startling reason that he believed my uncle "would be dead by this time." Very much shocked and frightened, we topped the carriage, and questioned the tremulous old porter. Uncle Silas, it seemed, had been " silly-ish all yesterday, and "could not be awoke this morning," and " tha doctor had been here twice, being now in the house." " Is he better ?" I asked, tremblingly. "Not ns I'm aweer on, Miss; he lay at God's mercy tivo hours agoae; 'appen he's in heaven be this time." " Drive on—drive fast," I said to the driver. " Don't be frightened, Milly; please Heaven we shall find all going well." After some delay, during which my heart sank, and I quite gave up Uncle Silas, the 8ged little servant-man opened the door, nnd trotted shakily dotvn the steps to the carringo side. Uncle Silas had been at death's door for hours; the question of life bad trembled in the scale; but now the doctor said "he might do." Where was the doctor ?" " In master's room; he blooded him three hours agone," I don't think that Milly was so much frightened as I. My heart beat, nnd I was trembling so that I could hardly get up stairs. CHAPTER XLIV. A FRIEND ARISES. At the top of the great staircase I was glad to see the friendly face of Mary Quince, who stood, candle in hand, greeting us with many little courtesies, and a very haggard and pallid smile. " Very welcome, Miss, hoping you are very well." " All well, and you are well, Mary ? and oh! tell us quickly how is Uncle Silas ?" " We thought he was pone, Mise, this morning, but doing fairly now; doctor says in a trance like I was helping old Wyat most of the day, and was there when doctor blooded him, an' he spoke at last; but he must be awful weak, he took a deal o' blood from his arm, Miss; I held the basin." And he's better—decidedly better ?" I asked. ".Well, he's better, doctor says; he talked some, and doctor says if be goes off asleep again, and begins a-snoring like he did before, we're to loose the bandage, and let him bleed till he comes to his self again; which, it seems to me and Wyat, is the same thing a'most as saying he's to be killed off-band, for I don't believe he has a drop to spare, as you'll say likewise, Miss, if you'll please look in the basin." This was not an invitation with which I cared to comply. I thought I was going to faint. I sat on the stairs and sipped a little water, and Qii'nce sprinkled a little in my face, nnd my strength returned'. Milly must have felt her father's danger more than I, for sho was affectionate, and loved him from habit and relation, although he wis not kind to her. But I was more nervous and more impetuous, and my feelings both stimulated and overpowered me more easily. The moment I was able to stand 1 said — thinking of nothing but the one idea— " We must see bim—come, Milly." I entered his sitting-room; a common " dip" candle banging like the tower of Pisa all to one side, with a dim. long wick, in a greasy candlestick, profaned the tuble of the fastidious invalid. The light was little better thiin darkness, and I crossed the room swiftly still transfixed by the one idea of seeing my uncle. His bed-room door beside tho fireplace stood partly open, ond I looked in, (To he continued.) 