BANQUET IN HONOR OF HIS EXOELLENOY THE GOVERNOR AT THE SOHOOL OF ARTS. Tuesday, Septembbb 19, 1871, The Bunquot last night was a orodit to Rookhampton and to Air. Cramp, of ths Criterion, who furnished it; in foot it was, perhaps, ths best that was ever placed on tho tables in tbo Sohool of Arts. The country was ransacked round for turkoys and other poultry. tamo and aboriginal, while every description of fish, flesh and fowl that could be prooured for love or moboy were soryed up not only woll cooked — bat hot, " Amidst tho tumult of fish, llosli, and fowl." it is impossible for us to Bay which was the best ; some dcolaring that tlio oystor soup was magnificent, others that the " kangaroo " would have raised the admiration of a Soyer, or the envy o'f a Vatol. Some wore by the " Bsrramundi," others by the " Whito- bait," while one and all sung tho praises of the "Ro- moves " and " Entrees," and vowed the pastry was' sans reprochc. Unfortunatoly, or perhaps fortunately for our health, our " gastronomioal " powers aro not Tery extensive, therefore, wo had to uccopt the general expression of satisfaction that the good tilings pro- Tided were worthy of the occasion, and that tho feast more than fulfilled tho oxpoctutious of its founders. There was an oxoeodingly liberal supply of the ohoicest wines ; the bock being irreproachable, although cham pagne «iui luumuiji wmriu, As white us Cleopatra's meltoil pearls/' wno pronounced by judgoe to be oxquisite. The Hall was very tastefully deeorntsd, and the various epergnes, filled with flowers, considerably improved tho tout en semble of the tables. Although tho company was very numorous— not less than 180 being present— still there was no confusion, and the waiters performed thoir duties very fairly. -The dinner was ready at the hour montionod, and so bright and cheerful did the Hall look, and so vory like a banquet — such as we have seen in bye-gone days — did it apposr, that we almost for a moment ex- peotod to seo tho old Duko of Cambridgo— tho Royal Family diner out— bustle up the room, take his seat, tuck his -napkin undor hit oliin and rasp out, "May tho Lord make us truly thankful ; now, gontlemon, fall to. ' But ho did -not make his appcaranco, and we managed to assist in punishing Mr. Cramp without him. A Band was in attendance, and performed at in- torraie during the oroning in a highly creditable unm oor. Tho Hall was decorated undor tho direction of Mr. Cummings, the librarian, who oxhibitod considor- ablo taste by tho manner in whioh ho performed his task, and in a remarkably short, spaco of timo. At the head of the Hall was his Exeellonoy's coat of arms , while lings, shiolds, mottoes, Oliineso lanterns and groups of evergreens, artistioally blondad, produaod a charming effoot, rendered moro brilliant by tho dis play of plate and glass upon tho tables. His Excollenoy was supported by Mr. Distriot Judge Hirst and tho Arnvor. Tho dishes being romovod and tho dessert plaood upon the tablo, bis Worship tbo Alayor proposed the usual loyal toasts, which were drank and responded to in tbo most enthusiastic mannor. He thon aftor palling upon tho guests to fill their glasses, and bum- pen— said ho had to proposo tho boalth of tho evening, that of his Eiccllonoy tbo Governor of QueoniUnd. (Groat cheoring.) He oould woll uudorstand ' why thoy all stood up and responded so cordially to tho toast, as thoy always did whoa tho hoalth of tho Go vernor of tho oolony was proposod, as the representa tive of her Majesty, but in tho instance beforo them there wus something moro than the moro mark of respect paid to hor Majesty (cheers.) It was tlio first time that her Majesty bad beon pleased to uppoint so dis tinguished an individual to the Government of ono of tbe youngest of tho Australian Colonios, but bor having done so showed thorn that tho Homo authori- had taken a propor view of the now colony, and ho felt assured that suoh an acknowledgment of their im portance would make thorn blot out the memory of the paBt and urge tlieni to look forwardto ngroatfutu.ro. Onoers). Ho must ask bis Excellency lo forgive all eliort cominge whioh would no doubt bo very apparent to him ; ho had been . accustomed to better and grander receptions, but ho (tlio MnyorJ felt assured tbnt his Exosllonoy would toko Iho will for the deed nnd put down tho omisslonB not to a want of desiro to pleaso but from a lack of oxpcrienco and of powor. (Chsors). Whon his Excollonoy loft it was to bo sin. oorely hopod ho would' take with him a pleasant re membrance of his visit to Rookhampton and although perhaps ho might think that thoy hnd gono too far in speaking of thoir grievances, ho miht fcol assured that thoy woro not solfish in thoir vtows nor in tboir wishes, but that they wero noting as thoy considered best for tho welfare, not only of tho North b&Jpf; tho colony generally. (Loud cheers). Ho had g, jk plonsuro in proposing tho hoalth of the Most Noble the Maquis of Normanby. (Loud and continued eljoor- ing). His ExoHuiEHor (who upon rieing was most en thusiastically reoeivod) said : Ho thanked them cor dially' for the mannor in whioli his health had been proposed, and he also thanked thorn ainccrely for ths way iu whioh tboy had responded to it. He know woll the Iornlty that filled tlio hearts of all tho colo nists in hor Majesty's dominions, and he knew some thing of that loyalty whioh oxistod in Rookhampton, but he was not in any way prepnrod to reooivo sO cor dial and hearty a wolcomo as tliut which had grooted him. (Clicors.) Thoy had fairly takon him by sur prise ; ho had not tlio slightest oxpoctation of receiving suoh an cnthusinstio reception, nor to bo present ut so noblo a banquot. (Cbeers.) In aocopting tho Governorship of this young and important colony, he had dono so with tho fullest desiro of advanoing its interests and of promoting tko welfare of . its people. (Loud cheers). Ho had lost no timo in travelling northwards, as ha boliovod in sooing with his own eyes and judging by bis own judgment, and not trusting ontirely to others. (Loud cheers.) He was quita convinced that more could bo lcarnod in one hour by personal examination, and a better judgment formed than by months of read ing and second band information Ho had Bpcnt a busy day in inspecting tboir various publio institutions, ho had seen thoir schools, tho hos pital, tho gaol, the immigration depot, and tho rail way, with all of which thoy might bo fairly and justly proud. He was greatly pleased to find how woll thoir schools wore attended, and with tho ovident progress mado by tho children. Depond upon it (oontinuod his Excollenoy) in ail countries nothing was moro noedful, nothing moro necessary to bo considered, than tho instruction and education of tho young (oheers). A child carefully trainod at Bohool would make a bettor subjoet, a bolter colouiBt, a better fnthcr, ayo, and a bettor legislator, if ovor ho should be oailed upon to fill that important position, than ho who bad been allowed when a child to run riot without control. Tho legislators of Quoohsland had done wisely in placing puubBkivii ut buu ujtfjjuoai ui !!» UJIU uu urusbuu muse sincoroly that paronta would do their duty and make their children attend tho schools and boatow all their sparo timo to education (chceri). Ho wasvmuch Tory much pleased with all bo had scon ; tho sconcry from Gludstono to the port of Rockhampton was extremely pleasing and gratifying to any ono who like himsolf was a dovout admirer of tho beauties of nature. Ho intended to proceod as fur northward as ho possibly could ; ho boliored ho ehould bo ablo to roacn Card woll, the most norlborly of theso settlements. Go ehouid carefully look at everything — and watob and/ judge for himsolf. So far as hie powers would admit ho should watch and cnrofully oxtend equal jus tico to evory portion of tho colony (cheers). .Before ho sat down ho should call upon thom to drink a toast which ho was cortain they would do with pleasuro and enthusiasm — that of tho prosperity of tho town of Rockhampton, coupled with tho name of tho Mayor. (His Excollcnoy sat down amid loud and continuod chocring.) The Mayoii, in returning tnatiks, said : It wa«t noa every ono who had an opportunity of drinking to hit own health, but when the prosperity o& tho town of Rockhampton was proposod and hie name was joined with it, the considered ho was pcrfcotly justified in so doing. (Cheors.) Ho had groat pleasure in hearing his Excellency spook so warmly, and they muBt rooogniio his early visit as an evident proof of his earnest desiro to further the ' interests of the colony. For tho kind wishes his Ex cellency had expressed ho thankod him in tho namotLog the town most sinoorely j ho (the Mayor) trusted ' Rockhampton might prosper, and in suoh a manner as it had neror prospered before. (Gheors.) Tbo todst of the Army, Nary and Yolunteors was briefly proposed by thoMcyor, and responded to by Lieu tonant Bedwoll, who said he bad been called upon to respond to a very important toast, but he very much doubted whether ho could in any way do it justice. As to tho army he could say but little about it ; ho was a naval man and only knew that whon the army was called upon it would gallantly porform its duties, as it always had dono, With regard to the Navy, ho was moro at homo; sinco ho first saw aotivo service many changes had taken place j tho old wooden walls of England had changed into ironclads, but ho know moro about enilingand chronometers and bullets, and of those who would send all thoso fooB to tbe right about' who dared to sully tho shoro of England with tboir feet (Cheors.) Ae to the Volunteers — it was their duty to defend their country and thoir homes; at home the Yolunteors assumod tho appcaranco of a formidable army, and very nearly amonablo to martial law; to the colonieB ho said follow ho example — lot them depond upon themselves aa Englishmen olw.iys did, and thoy would prora of vuluablc ussistance to their nativo or their adopted countries (Cheers.) Libptekakx Daly thankod thom sincerely for tho mnnnor in which tho health of the Yolunteers was pro posed, and for tho cordial manner in which it had been receirod. So far ae ho could seo » of the Yoluntcera ho was quito euro thoy would bo there when wanted- After & few moro observations Mr. Daly sab Jdotn amidst muoh applause. Alderman Seahdon proposod the hoalth of tho ' Ministry, and ho considered whilo tho present Ministry wero iu powor tho North would obtain what ifc required. Mr Walsh, who was woll received, said : When he left Brisbane to accompany his Excollonoy on his Northorn trip, although he; deeply folt tho honor, ho littlo oxpcctod to witness such grand ovations has had boon rendored ovorywhoro on tho journey ; neither did he expect to hoar suoh warm expressions with re- gaiu vu mo present ministry as ima greotod him in evory town this side of Brisbane. (Cheors). His part of the duty was simply to attend his Exeelloncy as a Minister ; to afford him evory information in his powor, and to adminiator as much as possible to his comfort ; therefore ho folt somewhat out of place when ho had to return thanks for tho Ministry, moro espcci ally whsn his own name waB attached to it, in so flat- toring a mannor. Not one Momber of that Ministry could but havo felt gratified at tho expressions of good will and confidence which had greotod him einoe his Excollenoy had started on his tour. Had thoy seen the glorious ovations which had welcomed his Exoel loncy thoy would, liks him Mr. (Walsh) fool more than gratified, (Cheors). And wbethor ho should travel Northward again with the Governor or not, ho euould not fail to pay Rockhampton a visit on every possible occasion. (Cheops). In no other town in the colony, not cron oxcopting that of Maryborough (laughter) had such a recoption boon given to his Ex celloucy as that which had beon given him that oven- jng, for one great purpose, that of testifying thoir loyalty to thoir Queen and reiipcct to his Excellonoy (cheers). Ho had thought that no plaoo would beat Maryborough (laughter), but ho must admit that nu- moricully, by tbo shoer forco of numbers, Rockhamp ton had outdone it (laughter and oheers). Eor tho future ho Bhould oonsidor himself not only tho repre- sonlntirs of Maryborough hut of Rookhampton— laughter and choors)-— and ho only hoped that the people of that town would givo tbo Ministry 10 yenis in whioh to do what thoy wantod to do, and thoy would lift it into ono of tho first cities in tho Aus- traiias (laughter and oheers), and that would not bo more ttinn thoy dosorrod. Ho thanked them for the kind manner they had had drank and responded to tho toast, and for having conplod his name with that of tlio Ministry, and ho would add thst not only Rock- linmpton but the colony was honored by tho manner iu winch the pooplo of thii towu had received his Bxcollency tlio Governor. Mr. Feez said : Tho toast placed in his hands was ono of very much importance, and that, together with tho occasion, required more nerve than ho essod to perform tho task properly. It had V,i givon to h:m, ho prcsumeii, because he was thougbtio possosB a greater stook of brass than his neighbour.. (Laughtor.) 'Tlio Quoonsland Parliament — the pro.- purity of whioli ho was about to proposo — would meot with different exprc.iioui nf tru.t from difforont par ties ; somo would praiao, some would bb-.tno its action., but ou the present occasion ho had nothing to do with thoir past, ho wa» merely to spenk of it in its future. Tho importance of tho toast would not allow him to pas. it over without somo fow obsorvationk relative to tl(o doaire which oxi.tod in tlio North to .operate itself from that I'arliiimonl wbioh at tho preiorit' time go< vorncd Queensland. Ho was bound to »ay — even on « tho occasion boforo thorn, and in tho proionoo of his M Kxccllonoy — tlmt tho Northern narta of tho colony had Bg bcon doniod thoGO rights, and that juitico which ought '.M to havo boon extended to them as .portions of 'the SHI Stato. (Loud chcors.) Ho would not dilnto upon that point, ho ihould bo only to happy to allow byo- ) 8 goncs to be byo-goncs, and to hopo tho hot for tho >88 future. (No, No.) Luring tho last . 12 months' the fBI Ministry had exhibited every desire to grant inoro ig| privilcgce to tho North. (Cheers, and no, no.) But, on still tho people of . the North wero not sufficiently re- fSS proscntcct, nor eidBtiently proteotcd. (Cheers.) And gS lie would say tnlr had they been justly dealt w<tli, .K9 had tho money vlfiioh- thoy paid into tho revenue 189 been proportionately returned to them, Rookhampton sHj would now bo a placo which would hare takon his 'H Exeelllency by surprizo. (Cheers.) Tho prcsont H Ministry, as ho had beforo observed, exhibitod every tw anxiety to boncfit tho North. (Cheers, and no!' no I). 'H "bo resources of this country wero onormous, and by 'B 1'T'nS bs people just legislation and rights they could J| honestly demand, it must flourish. (Choors.) As his iH Excellency proceeded northwards ho would soo cvory- II thing which would prove to him that there was tho J8 making of a rich and great colony, and if tho Govorn- jBf mont would go upon tho principle of fair division and jfl not take from tbo weak and givo to tho strong, thon IB would bo a great futuro boforo it. Ho quite bcliovod ffij that Mr. Palmer and Mr. Walsh would do all tliey H could j and if tho peoplo could but got justice thcro : H would bo no causa of complnint und tuoro gonoral good feeling and unanimity. He had much plcasuro in proposing tho Queensland Parliament couplod with I the nemo ol Mr. Fyfe. / 1 Mr. Fife (who wob enthusiastically rccoircd) said, : It was a banquet, a gathering, and a l'estivo econo of : 9 whioh Rookhampton might well bo proud, (Chcors.) | Ho should not trespass long upon their time, but ho . 9 felt bound to say a fow words, and to oxprosse | how pleased ho wus to sco Roekhampton oomo so \ 8 nobly forward to shew their loyalty to tbo Crown, their .n attachment to their nalivo country and their rcspoct to bis Excellency. (Cheers.) In spito of what had >.'H fallen from tho Hon. tho Minister for Works and Mr. B Fccz, ho bolioTod it would bo in boltor tosto to say but :M little aboat politics. (Ohcors.) Tho sceno beforo him was, as it hud boon callod, a glorious oration to his Excellency, and taking what the Min ister for l\ .Vorks had said as facts, there was no doubt bnt that for tho futuro ho would be Mcmbor for Bocklmmplon as well as for Maryborough. (Laughtor). Although he supposed he might be said to bo in opposition, ho was bound tP say that ho bo- liovcd Mr. Palmer was earnest in his desires to assist r tho North, thoroforo if ho fannd liim disposed to do en ho would support tlio Ministry through thick and thin, but ho was an independent Mcmbor and should taka his soat on the croes-bcnchcs supporting that side and that policy which he considered host for his constituents and for tho colony. (Loud Cheers). Although fcoling assurod that 'liis Excolloncy must be grutificd at tho reception ho had mot with ; still wlion lio saw tho importance of tho constituency, when ho saw tho iutolligeuco and tho numorous representatives I of various important interests boforo him, he must feol outttacu tuuu uu (iitit M'jvj wus tupii vnij iuum bor. (Loud clicors) . A faot which was a stain upon and a disgraco to the Oolnuy' (Loud oheors). If tho Ministors wore present thoy would confess that it was impossible for ono mcmbor to represent so many and such varied interests, neither could ho reprosont all classes and all shades of o pinion, but of this ho would nssuro them ho wonld endeavour to do bis host and no man could do more. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Scott woj s prcsont and he would porhnpB havo someting to say — ob for tho Minister for Works ho (Mr. Fyfe) wonld do his best to kcop -him as far from Bookhampton as possible. : Mr. Scott said after tho lucid manner in whioh Mr. Fyfe had spokon, he had but little to say, he thoroforc ; was content to thank them for tho uiumier in which the toast had been proposod and received. Captain Hunter said it gavo him Tory groat plea sure to proposd tho prosperity of tho Pastoral and Agricultural Interests, knowing as ho did that from the ilrst settlement of tho colony what immense ad vantages had occarrod from tho action takon by thoso who had opened up both interests — they had dovolepod tho woffith ajjli. resources of tho country and inado it fit for HioigRiption and sottlomont of a people. To thorn thoy wore in evory way largoly indebted, and thoy must all foci that the great eucrgy thoy had displayed had not mot with that remuneration it desorved (choors). Howovcr ho hoped that times were mend ing; new industries wore springing up which would open thom markets for their produco, and would find them hotter outlets for their spare stock than tho boil ing down pots (chcors). Ho felt convinced that a . great improvement would take place so ' far as squat ting woe-concerned, and with regard to agriculture, with tho liberal land law now in existonco, and of whioh ho was pleased to say many hod takon advan tage, he was sure that if tho sumo onergy bo brought to bear as bad boon exhibited by tho squatters, widoly beneficial results must follow ; and such quantities of produco would pour in, that thoy nood not only nob dopeod upon others for supplies but thoy would bo en abled to oxport. Thoy saw that to tho north, and I south of thom sugar was being grown with success, fj but not in Bockhampton, simply because it had not i bcon tried ; but be was glad to say that many wero 8 now cultivating it, niid ho was convinced that eventu al tually thoy would succeed in becoming immoaso ex- fj portors of sugar (cheors). But this was not all, tho district had in itself groat agricultural resources, and I success would certainly follow upon earnest audenvors (chcors). Ho should morcly add, that when his Exool- j lonoy visited tho town throo years houco, lie hoped ; to givo him a bettor. and evon a more cordial wolcomo than thoy bad given to bim on the present occasion (ohoors). Mr. Archor briefly replied for tho Pastoral, and Mr. Murray for tbo Agricultural intorests. Mr. Baird said : The toast he had beon called upon IB the colony and to tho community of Bookhampton — I namely, that of the Commercial and Mining intorests, H and it appeared to him that, surrounded as he was by so many eldor and abler men, tho task— plonsuig as it was to him, might have been much better performod. Bnt as he was comparatively speaking a stranger amongst thom, and unconnected with either commcrco' or mining, ho oould oulogiso more warmly, and speak more disinterestedly upon tho subjects which wore so near and dear to all of thom. (Choors.) Ho hoped be might bo permittod to repeat the observation made by bis Excellency, that personal observation was a much better guide to truth, than either hearing or reading — it required, no ghost to toll them that. Again, the lion, the Minister for Works had said, and ho (Mr. Baird) could thoroughly cudorso his words, that tbo town of Bookhampton was not second to the capital in its importance and its energy. Com mcrco was a plant oi slow growth, but there woro ovon exceptions to tbat, and that exoeption he claimed for Bockhampton. A few years ago there was not > even a hut to bo soon now wbero was stand ing a town, with largo and flourishing community second to nono in importanco in tho colony. He would ask his Excellency to tako his. own position B and from personal observation eay whether Buoh rapid dovelopement was not in every way extraordinary, and H whether it was not indicative of tbo spirit and deter H mutation of the peoplo who had brought about this H Tqst chanego. After making a few lurtber observe. B tions, Mr. Baird concluded by proposing the Com. 8 menial' and Mining Interests. 8 Tho toastwasduly responded toby Alderman Hardens 8 . and after tbo " Frees " and the " Ladies " bad been pro- 8 poied and duly honored, bis Excelloncy loft, appa- rontly thoroughly pleased with tbo banquot, and with H those who bad given it. Tho lateness of the hour Bt which tho company M broko up, necessitated our giving but a condonsed SB report of tho proceedings- 