LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE WESLEYAN CHURCH, HAY. Yesterday, 19th instant, at 4 p.m. a res pectable assemblage of persons, old and yonng, gathered to witness and assist in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the New Weskyan Church. The Rev. Charles Jones, Minister of Deniliquin Circuit, conducted the services of singing and prayer, then called upon Mr. Percy Milne to read a copv uf the ;;croll aud contents deposited in a bottle, under the stone — the following are the contents: — 'This scroll was deposited beneath the foundation stone of the Wesley an .iiethodist Church at Hay, when laid by J. E. Pe.arce, Esq., on the 19 zh day of December, ]S71, in the 34rh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Earl of Belmore being Governor General of the Colony of New South Wales. E. Pearce, Esq., Police Magistrate iu Hay ; the Rev. John Watsford, President of the Aus tralian Wesleyan Methodist Conference; the! Rev. William Kelynack, Chairman of the Goulburn District'; Rev. Charles Jones, .Minister of the Deniliquin Circuit. With this Scroll is deposited a copy of the Hay Standard, Christian Advocate and Wesleyan Record, and Pastoral 1 imes. The dimensions of the building are 24 by 40 in the clear.' J. E. Pearce, Esq., P. M., then took trowel in hand, inserted the bottle in the cavity pre pared to receive it, spread the mortar, placed the stone, levelled it, gave three taps, and declared the stone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, aud the Holy Ghost. He said that, this was an honourable work to all concerned, but that it was for the glory of God, not of men. Such works were of common occurrence now, and showed that the kingdom of Christ is extending in tue world. The stones, however, which were, most wanted, were spiritual stones. They had two wants in Hay, viz : a suitable building, j . . . ' . - ? 1- fPl. _ una a minister 10 care ior suui&. m&b; vu these was now being supplied, and they would be able to invite their .neighbours to ' come along with them and they would do them good, for the Lord hath spoken good con cerning Israel.' They were called to this work as surely as Israel were led by a cloudy pillar through the wilderness. No doubt there would be Sanballats and Tobiasses who would delay them in the work, but he hoped they would' be assisted by subscriptions, &c.;, until the topstone was brought forth with shoutings of — Grace grace unto it. The liev Charles Joaes congratulated them upon the prospect of a suitable place of wor ship—it was almost impossible to vcprship God unless we had a comfortable place to worship Him in. ' heir object was not to establish Methodism only, but to extend the Church of Christ. This building had not been commenced too soon there were many fine public houses, and Hav wanted no more of them. Church building showed that the world was improving — he hoped diat many would be able to say of this building— ' I was born here.' The rev gentleman wound up by invoking the blessing* of God upon the undertaking, and that He might bless and | establish His cause among the various religious I denominations. After the ceremony the ! party assembled in- the present chapel and j partook of tea. 