Miscellaneous Extracts. THE OHIGIN' OF MllV. Tlio following amusing verses on Darwin's Descent of 1fan. are ntlribu'ed to an eminent Scottish judge. Lord Neaves: "M m comes from amnmmal that lircd up a tiee. And a great coat of liair on his outside had be, Very much like the Dreadnoughts we fre quently see Which nobody can deny. He had points to his car*, and a tail to bU rntnp, To aoiist him with ease through (be branches to Jump In some cases quite long, and in some a mere stump Which nobody can deny. This mammal, abstaining from mischieroat pranks. Was thought worthy in time to be raised from the ranks. And with fcomo small ado came to etand oo two shanks Which nobody can deny. Thus planted, his course ho so prudently steered. That his hand soon improved and bis intellect cleared; Then his forehead enlarged and bis tail <U« appeared- . Which nobody can deny. Tisn't easy to settle vthtn man became man; When the monkey-type stopped and the human beffRtl ; But some very queer things were involved in the plan Which nobody can deny. Women plainly bad beard* and big whi»keri at first; While (be man supplied milk when (be baby was nursed: And same otlier strong facts I could (el!-if I durst Which nobody can deny. Onr arboreal sire bad a pedigree, too; Tiie marsupial system comes here into view: So we'll trace him, I think, to a great kan garoo Wbfcb nobody can deny. The kangaroo's parent, perhaps, was a bird; Cat an ornitborhynchui wnnla not be absord: Then to frogs and strange fishes we back are referred Wbleb nobody can deny. Tbos far Darwin has aaid. But the root of the tree, ft* nature. Its name, and what caused (t to be, Seein a secret to him, just as much as to me Which nobody can deny. Oar oU friend Lucretius explained long ago . How Che fittest snrrWe and the weak era laid low; And our friends of the farm mast a thing Or two know Which nobody can deny. t wonld ne'er taka offenoeat what's honestly meant, , Or that truth should be told of our iowl; i ' "descent; To be sprung from the, 4ast I am bumbly content- . , Which nobody can deny. Why Is tha letter <3 like death?-It maket ghosts of hosts, and ii always in the millet of slaughter. A young loan finding that hit, tobaeeo "dido t chew right," inipeeted the same, and discovered that a Heard' had been . pressed between the leaves, That, accounted tor Ita qDeerltalte. Solidified beer is the latest thing. It it lager concentrated the way they do it to milk, ao that the amount yon can bold on the point of a knife will make you drgnk .cjean through. A man can csiry enough of Jt fn his rest pocket to ruin a temperaijcesociety. . MIKING ABSDBAKOE Dootslt BDEE.-Hen peek.-My lore, I'm happy to inform .yon I've {[inured my Hie 1 Mrs H.-Then ynn ought to he ashanod of nooh a mean action. Insure your own life, indeedI-It doesn't matter about mine, I euppoiel" Bums o» tb* TIKES.-0 Wondrous ace I when want, of native" obarws no longer fills fair woman with *lanra; wbeh painted roses 'dam Hp sallow face, and cotton otnffing gives her every grace; when piles nf gold, her sire's ill- gotten gains, are fall atonement fur the want of bnini; when solid graces wield a blunted dart, while mtisk at>8 moonlight win the lorer'a heart. Aatcbtueitmt IK thb "Tnots."-Jane, your absence will ruin all. Think nfyour husband, your parents, your children. Betura, return-all may be well and liappy. At any rate. enclMO t}ie key of th« cupboard where, tie gin is., :?.!?' V r ' ' ' TnwjgB ARD Good temper Witt tnsny people is dependentupon good health; good health npon good digestion; .good digest Hon upon wholesome, w»li- pTf*redlfiiod, eateti in peace and pleasantness. 111-oooked, untidy meals are as grert a causa of bad temper a*' many a moral wrong t and. a person of sensi tive physique may tie horsed into settled hypo chondria by living In olo«e fOi>ms "here the «»eet fresh air andaunslilnean determinedly shot out, and the fool air as determinedly .hut in. E»|OM»n akd PuBNon FiBit -X ftte too dishes at French dionera, mad went after wtrdi M-Mtiljr «? possible to work, to the theatre, or aometimei even to come light dancing InalitutlonB (not to dunce, of courae-nl am too proper for this-bat too' look en); while on the fl^at day I was io England I partook of what you call "a .dinner off the jojot/' which ia only one diah with an -addition of 'come vegetable io a .hocking <tate of nndlty, ]net bb Allah baa I made thorn, nod of anme puidiog iu a atone-, like stele, joat a« Allah would never have made It: and after thla comparative ahort dinner I not only could oot move, bnt ilreamid the whole Eight afauut oxen, cab ' basea, atones, and > kindred eubilantla] tbinga,-Putl MaU Gaictte. "Berkeley,Sept, 1869.-Gentlemen, I fee} It a duty I owe to ynu to expreaa my gratitude for III* (treat benefit t have derived by taking !.'. Norton'* Camomile PJIIa.' I applied tn your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, fur the above named Pill", for trind to the atomaeli, from which I Buffered excruciating pain for a length of time, ba'lng tried nearly every remedy proscribed, but without any benefit at all. Afier talcing two bottlea of your valuable pllla I waa quite re>tared to my ueual atate of health. Fleaae give thia publioltv for the benefit of thoae who may tboa be afflicted.-I am. Sir, yours truly, Hsimr Almuis.-To the Proprietor of NoBTDv'e OAMOKILB Pillb Hoiwar's Puts.-Bi*tor*tiro Treat ment.-It has been confirmed by the expe rience of thirty years thst these Pills ooneti tate the but alterative and tonic tnidiciue hitherto available by the public. It is enough to say that a short coarse of these purifying Pills have in numberless esses been marked by the most gratifying results, when the invalids were becoming daily weaker and worse, though do particular disease oonld be delected. Holioway'a rills purify the source of life, re-kindle the fading energies, revive tbe sick and delicate, and raise up tbe bruken-down. This medicine is. especially recnmmendable because it is so well suited to the community at large, and its innocent nature preclndes the possibility of its causing mischief under any circum stance* whatever, *> 