I To thc Editor. SIR,-Could you obliga by informing ma If the Cricket Association think th'it New South Wains is properly repre sented by tito names supgc-ted ns those like y to bo chosen for (.te Intercolonial Cr ctet mutch? Ii so, a tuarn can bu got un from tho Northern district »ho could beat them (or at lea3t with every probab lity of tmcccs»). Having Been the play in Sydney, I do not eeo tho ghost of a chance for Now South Wales ; tho bowling is very urdlnary, und tho batting worse; as for oven mentioning the fielding, it appear* not to bo thought, of as part of the game. I would back five in the Northern district for a scorq against any flvo mentidnid. I may mention thal there aro two bowlers who havo not their quils in Sydney, and I would suggest that tho Association wiite up to Gilbert and Lawrence, who coull soon narnu them. I will submit tho narni a who could be got together to mout tho supp sed eleven viz. :-G:lbert, Lawrence, Weir, Tracey. Geurgo Mooro, J Mooro, C. Bciidett. Haddon, Bi ydoll, llces ton, and Thurlo. This team, I feel sure, would tuite so.ne bealing, aftur hiving a few practices to<ethor Being a cricketer from a buy I cannot understand how it ia tho young men nf tho pre-ent tine aro SJ apathetic; there seems to be no Ufo ordasJi In thom-soon knocked up. It was not so in the c mmencoinent of tho intercolonial contests. When old Gilbert'used to ciach thu natives; what life there was displayed in the Held, what good humour existed in each player vit.ing with each other who could do thu most work, and not jealous of another's performances, but on tho con trary, being pioud of him wh i had done anything to call for praise. I would ask you, sir, why does not tho honora-y secretary of the ?> ssochtion writo up to Wilbert and Lawrence to inquire if 'hero are any players they know of who are flt to t'ike part in the coming contest. Who better judges (linn they as to the relative capabilities of a plaver? You see it done in Victor! » ; any t spense is incurred to get tho bent pl yera from tho country districts, and this should the tho maxim in New South" Wales. Trusting you will insert these few lines aud nhlîfrn vniim nhnrlf nnf 1 v AN OLD CRICKETER. Hunter, February 14th, 1871. 