QUEENSLAND DELINEATED. {Saturday Semen') Trna book* is written inti.¡relyenough manner, and may bo read nilli intercut. We would especially commend it to the attention of oilier University men who are spending, as our author (ella us lie did, " the best part of four years at Oxford m a not Tory Btudintm manner," and who will bo found sayiuc willi bim at tbo end of their career, " Certainly there aro not very many courses open to the average University tnmi who lins not Bomo money to slart with at first." Tho averago University man is not peculiar in this. Lot any other young man spend in luxurious indolence those four rears of bis life when bo can perhaps learn the most with the least trouble, and he will find that, with money or without money, there will be not many courses open to him. If he has money, tho beat tiling he can do with it is to invest it in (he Funds, and not to uso it as capital till ho has acquired experience. But with money or without money, tho only thing for a man to do is not to lament over the want of an opening, but to set about gaining those habits of industry and t¿%t knowledge which alone can Gt him i for the opening whenever be may find it. Wo can imagine no chango more painful than that which is experienced by the average University man when ho waken up and Sods that college breakfasts and -wines, cricket matches and boat races, are at an end, and that he niuet now face the world. Those among them who have conscientiously devoted themselves to tho new fangled athletic sports will perhaps fare the best, for they have trained, if not their minds, at all events their bodies. It is a pity that in these sports cannot be included digging or ploughing matches. Tho interest surely would be quite as great in compotiug with one's fellows in digging a rood of land and dibbling in ]>o1 atoes as in running a three miles race or in making & high jump. With what an introduc- tion would the winner of the grand potato-dibbling match enter one of our colonies, and how sure would ho be of getting snapped vp at once ! At present the most suitable career that is open to our University athletes is that of thc rural letter-carrier. Wo do not know, indeed, if they would do badly in select- ing it, for at the paco they can run they would get their day's work over iu two or three hours, and would be sure to be rewarded for their early deliveries by most liberal Christmas boxes. Our .author, as we infer from the way in which bis back ached and in's feet blis- tered, bad not had much athletic train- ing of any kind, and, as he h i in Bell' admits, was about as unfit for colonial life as a man well could bo : I thu« knowing nothing about colonial life, .nd «err little about any other, with no idea of any kind of work, and with about as much fit- ness for living in a colony as for living in tho moon, turned my thoughts to emigration. What tny expectations were, my intentions or plans, if I ever had any, I do not remember. I believe I had a floating notion of,mating my fortuno in a fcneral way, without very much cicrtion, which contemplated spending in ea ungrateful .country after a speedy return. His friends, os friends will do, assured bim of the certainty of finding that occupation in a new continent which did not present itself in the «ld, and he gladly lent himself to the belief. A mau who in the town where he was brought up finds no opeuiug before him, thinks that in so wide and eo remote a place as Australia there muBt be openings enough. It ÍB diffi- cult for him to remember that, wide as Australia is, he can only make trial of Borne ono little corner of it, and that in that same little corner, as in his own town, there will likely enough bo more people requiring employment than em- ployment requiring people. Tho one advantage that Australia really affords is the perfect freedom it gives to a man in «arning his bread. At the expense merely of bodily Buffering, and without any sense of degradation, an educated man can there become a hewer of wood and a drawer of water. If one job fails him, he can turn to another, and like our author, he can be a surveyor's man, a photographer's man, a navvy, a shep- herd, a sausage-maker, or a candle maker. Kay, even by the aid of his "higher education he may, with him, aspire to being either the common crier of thc gold diggings or the schoolmaster to a drunken blacksmith's children. Ho must expect a rough enough life and low wages, for as we see by tho last Aus- tralian papers, " the demand for knock- about hands and lamb-minders is com- paratively nil." lhere is no doubt como men who, in a few years thus spent, will acquire that practical knowledge in which tbey wore so sadly deficient. If, at the samo time, they can by dint of the severest economy, have acquired some little capital, they will then be able to secure that wealth and that comfort which they bad so foolishly expected to await them on their first landing. Tbe greater part of those so called educated men who make for Aus- tralia are in all probability wanting in all those qualities which, whether in tho new world or the old, are absolutely re- quired by a man who hopes to acquire wealth. At all events the University and public school men our author came acroBB in Queensland were, without a elogie exception, hard drinkers : I vraa once shepherding on a station belong to a man who could barely read aud write, who could not have done a rule of three sum to save Ilia life, and the list of whose shepherds stood as follows : One Cambridge man ; one Trinity, Dublin ; oife ex*lieutenant in the army, educated at Rugbv, who had carried tho Queen's colours (êo be said) into the Redan, and buried the dead afterwards ; one Oxford man (myself) ; one old Wiutonian ; and two Germans. Wc fire used to feel bound together by a kind of : freemasonry, and used to meet together by the hour and talk chop under the gum-troce. AU these men (myself excepted) used to drink frightfully, «hen they got the chance. I did mot-simply from disinclination ; and it ie airing to tbat fact that I am here now and writing the present pages. About once in three months they would demand, varh, his cheque, and tisV leave of aWnce for a frw days; thîf» would bo readily grunted, and ihey would . follín! JUt-pntnrrt mtil KmHfflliw. By a Uni TemtyU&tu; toadoa: Bellwidlítídy. 1*71. return at (bo ena cf a Bliort period, minn« inruoy, and oA>u minus horse, sadJIc, bridle, clothes, and blankets. Their employer, finding thal Iiis men would thus go oil' lo drink, himself set up a puhlic-houso about nine miles off. His shepherds, evr-.ti if they bad in- : tended lo go further, were generally " pulled up " by this place, and rigidly adhering to tho buidi custom of shout- ing," soon allowed tho greater part of their wages to return again, like tho rivers, to tho places from whence they came. All men in the bush out on a holiday aro "always puppoeed to ' shout,'that is, io trent nil those who happen to bo in tho har at tho same time." In a few dnys their money ie all spent, and then they return to another spell of bard work and solitude. How far our author may bo a fair judge of Queensland wo cannot pretend to say. Wc should gather, from what he himself admits, that he is not a man who would bo likely to succeed in any colony whatever. If, however, bis account is to be trusted, Queensland has been as shamefully puffed as any quack medicine, and has proved a grave, not only to tho hopes, but also to tho bodies of thousands of hard working emi- grants. We can readily believe that a i colony which bas already attained an j unenviable notoriety by its attempt to revive the slave trade should be not unwilling to resort to tho most unscrupu- lous means to entice white emigrants also. At all events, anyone who is tempted to embark for this second Paradise would do well to rend our author's statements, and to take some means of testing their truth. To turn from these moro serious considerations to tho lighter 6ido of the book, wo Cnd plenty of adventure, and not a few good stories. The following one, illustrative of tho prevalence of the i habit of swearing, is amusing in its way : When I was tenchinp; (lie blacksmith's children, their mother «sed frcqnently to he busy among her pots and puns, within hearing of what went on in school. One morning the children were reading to me,' nccordinc; to custom, a chapter of tho Rihl«*, ono of them reed thc words " Holy Ghost." "Who's that sweoringP" said tho motlier, ceasing suddenly from her occupation. I doubt whether she had heiird the expression uped in the colony except as an execration. She was not eatipfiVd until I had explained to her what our present occupa- tion was. Tho blacksmith's children scarcely made that progress which might have brccn expected when they had an Oxford man for (beir tutor. Hut ho was not so much answerable for this as tho father, who, whether drunk or sober, sadly interfered with tbo work of the school- room. For when ho was drunk he required tho tutor's assistance to help him to drink, and when he was sober he required the children's assistance in tho smithy to help him to mako up for thc time he had lost when drinking. À good story is also told of two rival doctors, who, when drunk, got into a quarrel. Ono of them in tho struggle had his leg broken, which the other declined to Bet. Tho wounded man, however, with the aid of his wife, managed to set the limb, und so dis- appointed his rival. Drunkenness in Queensland would seem to be rather a recommendation than a disqualification in a medical man. " A doctor who did not drink would get very few patients ; he would not bo able to gain their sympathy." Doctors, howevor, whether drunk or sober, do not seem to flourish in Queensland. According to our author, every man in tho bush is his own doctor, and pius his faith to three infallible remedies-quinine, Holloway's pills, and two ounces of Epsom Balls with a pint of waler. As for a shepherd's life, in which our author spent three of tho best years of his life, nothing would seem to bo drearier. Ho was often living in a hut some miles away from any other white man, with his solitude broken only once a week bv the visit of the oversoer with his rations. On ono occasion, indeed, owing to a- continued flood of the river, he was six weeks without seeing a human being. Wo cannot, perhaps, give a better idea of the monotony of this part of his life than by stating that he read with positive interest a religious newspaper that was thirteen months old. At the same time he was in con- stant alarm lest bo should share tho fate of some other poor shepherds and bo murdered by the blacks. On one occasion he was saved by his dos, who woke him up just in time to enable him to anticipate with a rifle-shot a savage, who, with spear and club, came creeping upon him through the long grass. But more terrible than the black men who after all were only a chance, were the black flies, which were a certainty. They not only swarm in your food, dance between your face and your paper if you are reading, and make tho paper itself black, but they poison the slightest scratch you may have on your hand, crawl into your eyes, ears, nose, and mouth, and, worst of all, aggravate a peculiar form of eye disease till it bo becomeB " ono of the most agonising in- flictions that can be endured." Ex- cepting that the climate of Queensland is on tho whole a Hue one wo can seo but little to recommend tho colony. There would seem to bo a great scarcity of water, and but little laud that admits of cultivation. Coarse mutton and salt beef aro cheap enough, hut almost every- thing else is very dear. Tho scenery, Uko that of most parts of Australia, has but little variety, and after a few days must become very tedious. The follow- ing description of travelling in tho bush does not at all events render us very anxious to make trial of it: - Travelling in Ike bush in Queensland is usually excessively tame work. The roa3s (mere dray trucks winding among the trees) aro dry and dusty ; tho scenery is tho same for miles -no flowers, no fruit, very little lifo. Nothing bul trees, trees, each with throe branches and six leaves ou each branch, throwing no ehade cicept. fooin their trunka ; diy waving grass be- tween tho trunks, one t-xiictly like the oilier ?which stands n few feel off f IDHI it ; now and then a knnguroo is lo he toon, or on emu, or ii flock of vtamits ; crossing rrrets and rivers liere «lid tlicru hy the einige process of go;u2 down ono bank and up the other. In tho middle ol th* inf a liait i dinnrr, tea, and pipe» (tim only whoii you uro taking it easy). Then on again, trees, prnsn, parróla, etc., repealed, until the i-anipmc pitee is readied ; liorsoa then unloaded and (urned out to wander where (hey will til! mornine (if apt to abuse the privilege they arc hobbled) ; tents, supper, pipes, yarns, and hod. A fl cr four years hard work and gerat privations in such a country as this, " Oxford George," as our author was ; called, " being assisi ed hythe I; in il n PUR i of friends," managed to return to England. Thc penalty 'hat he has had to pay for tho easy indulgence of his previous four years at Osford appears to have been unusually hwy, ¿pt us hope, that, as his sufferings have certainly helped to »dom a tale, Ihev moy also poinf amoral to other young men who are as careless of (lie whole of life as they have been of thc pleasant summer terni that they have just spent in enjoyment at Oxford. 