? A GROUNDLESS COMPLAINT.—A correspondent all of the one " of bobbies" the daily are papers Irish, complains and appears that aggrieved nearly at the the arrangement fact, Cannot is this only .English another booby tribute see to that undoubted superiority 1 The Celt waits on the his undoubted Saxon, If right a Britisher as a free-bom in the "cnss" exercise gets drank, of his the fortable Hibernian night's " lodging crusher" in the carries watch-house—acts, him to a com- m rise fact, any as higher his valet. in the If, scale further, of crime, it pleases the him same to obliging wp. individual i8 always waiting to take him t man So having that in reality, any grounds so far of from complaint "an Englishsequence of the exclusion of his countrymen in from con- the who force, is condemned he ought to rather labour to for pity them poor perpetually. " Paddy," when CONS.—What it overflows? makes Because the it's "if ana rose-water. smell so sweet sort of bedstead would be best for a liar? What stretcher. Why is a religious enthusiast like the A ghost (visionaiy).' of a gorilla! What should Because yon he's do if your a vision-hairy raffled? Iron it out. What toilet requisites temper do is Tooth the Franco-German and nail brushes. skirmishes What's remind the difference you oft between petitions petitions lie on the and table, borough the others councillors? behind it. The MILITARY A GRICULTUBE.—Drilling turnips. MEDICAL COMFORTS.—On Russian man-of-war "Haydamack," the arrival she of was the ordered Officer, into it being quarantine reported by there the were CMef several Medical of croup on board, for which a supply of remedies cases discovered was forwarded that at the the only same Krupps time, on before board it were was medical the 300-lb. comforts, guns, which having stood an ample in- no supply need of steel pills for theirown consumption. of BOTANICAL JOTTINGS, BY OUB Par IDIOT.— one The that tree that resembles most resembles the Permissive yourself—Yew. Bill—(Hlash. The The The shoemaker's—Boot-tree. box. The dairyman's—Butternut. The coachman's— huntsman's—Saddle-tree. The invalid's—Sickermore. The Presbyterian's—The Elder. The PARIS TAKEN.—Which caused most trouble to the letter leader of of the the alphabet hosts? Letter A; for if it had not been in German it wonld easily have been pris. Paris of What course. are persons in a tog? Always mist-ified, THE SAUCE TO STODT.—Reading. BATHING IN GREECE.—Taking •AQUATIC.—As winter is coming: a tallow on, the "dip." rows of summer will have to be pulled. The Civil last Service sfro&ejand; no the more bows will will boast take of their its Leaves Government offspring of the rooster (the cox'un), who will with be the knocked viz.—guernseys off his perch, and flannel and the pants, close of will the be season, back (like tigers) for another spring. laid FBOM OUB OWN LUNATIC.—The MAN his memory and then got screwed, who cannot fixed unfasten the. plain himself. has since The been knight compelled who pricked to mend over the holes. The person who clinched the argument all wants pawned to sell the the ticket hammer The next man day, never and need now have wheel. got The tired person who who put a stepped spoke in into a (kjnave's man's Bhoes has suffered from corns ever another The poor devil who was between the horns since. dilemma got tossed till he was quite bull-averse of a (boulaterse). • CLAN CAMPBELL. Collector—" I've just ca'd to see if ye'll no subscribe to the Princess Louise testimonial." Merchant—"Na, na, mon; for I'm of opeenion that as she is gaun' to marry into a respecktable family, she ought to be giein' the young mon a handsome preesent hergelV' MABKETS.—Gardeners have been up to thyme. A number of turnips have been stored at the pawnbrokers. Transactions in cabbages have been dull at the tailors, as much work has not been doing. Pairs have been seen applely together on Brighton Beach. Some nuts were cracked ur a drunken keeper of fight severe in Little principles Bourke-street. has refused A to house- with tomato eauce. A teetotaller has put been up observed observed to very rock water melons meloncholy, in a cradle. and has been THE VICTORIAN FLAG VICTORIOUS.—We are told Lieutenant (by one Panter of our having daily hoisted contemporaries tne Victorian that flag got through before entering as a man-of-war the Suez Canal, at a reduced the Cerberus This is encouraging, to be sure. The flag which rate. has the braved breeze for could innumerable not command years any the concession: battle and but than no the sooner Company was the caved Southern in, and allowed Cross displayed discount. We had no idea that the terror a of liberal name was so wide spread. onr come QUERIES.—Did from Inky-man's the stokers Should of the a strawberry "Haydamack" lock be eaten with cream? Is it right to call a thin bul- publican elected a a member bony-face? of the Should 'Ouse, a always publican, take an if inn-side seat? tacles WANTED.—A for the eyes knife of the to world: make a the short peak cut; of spec- cap of liberty; portrait of a handsome compliment ; and the peal of a wedding the ring. PROVJBBBIAL PHILOSOPHY. SLIGHTLY ALTERED FROM 6HAKSPEABB. chimney. HI blows the wind that knocks down the It Idle is weeds their take husbands' long to faults smoke. about the amount of house- keeping that money. wives fall out perly. Many a good hanging makes the bell ring pro- cheap Misery lodging-house. acquaints a man with lots of fleas in a them Men's invisible. evil manners live in brass, but tin renders Men Many shut do keep their their doors chambers against the that rate never collector. brief. have a able. One touch of nature makes the landscape sale- 1 The hrice labour is be we armed delight who in has is not six hands. breaking stones. lead There to a Is tidy a tide fortune. in the affairs of man which may choly The bird. raven does not hatch a lark, being a melan- QUEST.—Is old Father Time a parish priest or a curate? and does he usually wear the spur of the •moment on his right or left boot? THE FOLLOWING BEAUTIFUL DESCRIPTION OF A DREAM (AFTER A LOBSTER-SALAD SUPPER) IS NOT FROM ANY KNOWN POET. The burning ice lies blistering on the sea, The piping bears are whistling round tne pole: High let me dive, and be for ever free, While brilliant butter-firkins sparkle in my soul! With iron rails to twine around my hat, I'll play sweet music on the melting drum; The slothful 'possum, crawling on the flat, Shall twiet hiB tail around my heaven-bera thumb. I'll deck my feet in robes as wbite as ink; And dance with alligators o'er the yielding stones; The smiling tigers coming down to drink, Shall join in choruB with melodious groanB. THE CHESS CLUB EULES.—Some stringent rules have been framed for the chess tournament. Players are not to pavm the boards, nor to laugh at the bishops, fto one is to smoke except those wearing a chimney-pot hat When any of the pieces are moved, a furniture van in to be employed. Any person taking a castle must well furmBh it, and anyone taking the king must make a knight of it. when the word "cheque" is used, one to the amount of at least five pounds muBt be tabled. The only refreshment allowed to be chew-nuts, but musical selections from the tirand Dutch (Ch)ess will be permitted. FROM OUR OWN LUNATIC.—The individual who struck an attitude dislocated his thumb. The policeman who took up a position has been threatened with an action for false imprisonment The iran who in a train of thought met with a collision on thereof argument would have been severely injured if he had not been wrapped up in newspaper. A lady who vainly strives to catch a single idea had better advertise for a married one. The toper who was so merry in his cups wishes to try the saucers next time. The poor lad whose tongue clove to the roof of his mouth has never relished spicey remarks eince. A person who lately cracked a joke was astonished to find nothing In it. The party who got into a labyrinth of difficulty is still in a state of a-nzase-ment ANOTHER OLD JOKE.—What is the roundol the baked potato engine?—If the fruit is not sound, when it is rot-tater-y. FREEZING AND VENTILATING MACHINE. —A new freezing and ventilating machine, of remarkable ingenuity and promise, invented by Franz Mulhausen, Esq., Civil Engineer, of Brunswick, Germany, is on view at the Ice works, Emerson-street, Southwark. In the construction of this machine, the cold is produced by the mechanical expansion of atmospheric air. It produces, when in operation, any desired degree of cold, freezes water without the use of any chemical agents, and will effectually cool and ventilate any apartment or building on whatever scales large or small. In hospitals, especially in tropical climates, where the production of ice and the cooling of .the air is often a matter of great urgency, and always of great value, in theatres and workshops, and in our new Indian barracks, such a machine will be of infinite value. Employment, which Galen calls "nature's physician." is so essential to human happiness, that indolence is justly considered as the mother of misery. 