A Wait fironi the Dead. {From the Bendigo Advertiser.) SEBGEANT Lirimer has been called upon to art as adviser to (he Chinese a tGol den Point. A few days.ago Ah Coon, who soine years" since acted as interpreter at Ballarat, waited on the sergeant toiisk hisadvicetipnna very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night he-was asleepnt Golden' Point, when he was aroused. by a tapping at the door.. He-got out of l»ed, and looking out, saw. vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figures, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white "robes Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more returned to^his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and the figures were more distinct, and he saw the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman with a long white beard. A»ain the procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before he opened the door. He was sure his visitors were from'the other world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead and left them unfulfilled. He suddenly remembered that when the Cemetery authorities had, on account of the danger, pbjected to the'burnin» of paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to. have a small fireplace and chimney erected there for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah Coon went to the door, and found the ghosts drawn up in a semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising to have the chimney erected, and apologising for bringing them out in such weather. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fireplace, and has since slept undisturbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his Bboulder, and tyhen he opened bis eyes he saw a large cat with a white breast standing beside him. He knew from the cat's behaviour, that it was not of this earth, but it did not appear to understand Chinese when he addressed it in that language, and the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered that in China, the land of his birth,'it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils; As this cat'.could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or .complaLiiits; but there was i a. difficulty about holding the pen. Cbi nese ingenuity, however,- soon. overcame all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron teatray and having smeared it : over-with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The whitebreasted cat understood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea-tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body .was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inquest was held, this body might.not be mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next morninu he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buritfd after an inquest had been held, at which there "was no postmortem examination. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he should do in the event of another visit of the same kind, but Larimer informed him that the thing was but ofhis line. A WITTT BISTORT.—When Rev. Dr. Patton was in England, he dined with several gentlemen, who used a great variety of arguments to -make him give up his cold water principles. ' Now here,' Baid -one,' here doctor is some good old hock; surelv you can't decline this?' 'Can't IP' replied the doctor : ' why sir, I learned to decline it when a boy. Hie, haec, hoc.' Tue table was in a roar, and the doctor came off triumphantly. A NOVEL PRIZE,—At a recent rifle match at Henley-on-Thames, the following item was in the programme:—Fourth prize—"A good wedding-ring and half a dozen silver teaspoons, to be won by a single man, but not to be retained by the winner unless he shall get married within (he year." There were 525 applications for employment in the overland telegraph expedition to the Northern Territory fitted out by the Government of South Australia. An Indiana girl, who fell in love with a fellow, rode twenty miles with a revolver in her hand, to where the chap was chopping in the woods, and told him if he didn't marry her she would make a tunnel through him. The wedding came off that afternoon. He said he would never quarrel with a woman about a little thing like that. The Kiama Pilot says:—Last week, the oldest child ol Mr. John King, of this town, was attacked by rats during the night, and bitten upon the cheeks and fingers. The vermin succeeded in leaving the impression of their teeth in the poor child's flesh. The cuts were fortunately very trifling, but bled considerably. Yictor Hugo, who has been expelled from Belgium, has taken up his residence somewhere in Holland. An extensive conspiracy, having for its object the wholesale massacre of the Jewish inhabitants, has been discovered at Odessa. A man in Vermont plays so sweetly on the bugle, his wife saves the noteB for sugar. It is only our duty as journalists, says the New York Tribune, "to cUronicle all improvements in the fine art of strangulation." In Greenwood county, Kansas, the ' Vigilance Committee' having seized ' eight men known to be tliieves,' shot three of them, the remainder, being reserved for a more effective and original despatch. They were, in fact, hung up by the heels, and left to perish leisurely i>y cerebral congestion. Whatever the soft-hearted may think of the humanity of this method, it is impossible to deny its originality. - Simultaneously with the intelligence of the safety of Dr. Livingstone comes the news of the reportod death of Captain Faulkner, who was prominent in the efforts to discover the long-lost explorer. Little doubt exists that the gallant captain bas been killed in Africa. A blind beggar had a brother who went to sea, and was drowned. Row the man who was drowned had no brother. What relation was the man drowned to the blind beggar P The blind beggar was the drowned man's sister. 