Ml! HELLER'S FIHST ENTPH TAINMKNT AT THK J1K CHANIC81 IXSTITlfTK Mr lioberl Heller, the world-reuownod magical, musienl, und incomprehensible professor of all that is mystical, gave the firel uf his wrii* of «™rw in «„. |w|, , the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday ev,.,,. ing. Tho hall hod been snnbly arrani;,.ii under tho instructions of Mr Coppin, w,lh a vie-w to the accomniodatiuu of tJie public, that the frequenters of this fuvo. rile place, of amusement scarcely rmu;. nised it. The Heller stago, bear ing on tho proscouium the unpre tentious sentence, ' llobert Heller's Wonders,' had sometliiug classical in its appearanci', though all was plain but elegant from the Corinthian column, to Ihf flowing folds of the- great green curtains. The stage was clear of all ,.„. rumbrance, two small lubles being Ui,. only furniture. The audience in each di vision, reserved seals, parquetie, and bail scuts was clearly defined and well repre sented. Mr Coppin had the back seats raised on a system which aflbrdod those iu the rear as clear a viow as those in front, consequently thero was no dis. content nor cries of ' Sit down in front.' Order and good humour iniuglcd with pro digious astonishment prevailed throucli. out tho whole performance. A* even a 1-nndruw.vl di'scription of Mr Heller's mini* would form a tolerably sized pamphlet, our remarks must bo brief, h was divided into four parts— the first being legerdemain wonders. In Ibis the ebungei, wrought in the dimensions of a liocki-t handkerchief from llie time it w»s lent by the owner, cut. washed, stretched toayord wide qudsqm-rzed to three inches square, formed something quite new m that branch of legerdemain. The witeh'j pole, with the obedient and sensitive canii, created more wonder, as the magician' threw the card boi lo the ladies for clu.e examination, and lie broke the |iole to show that it was not hollow, and then* fwuld be »o communication through it. His assistant threw up a bundle of cards, amongst which one had beeu placed by a lady ; Mr Heller made a stab al tbe cards in the air with a foil, and se cured the identical card selected by tbe lady ou its point. But this was only one of lifty equally inexplicable feats with cards. Cupid nnd the roses is a fe.it bh beautiful as it is wonderful. A small tree is placed on the (able, and while Mr Sharp, wlio presided at the piano, performed an air, the tree blossomed aud bloomed with white roses, fresh and bright, as if ripened by the sun instead of by gas light. In this nest nf roses Cupid was found rcry small proportioue.l. and with little clothing exei'pt the bow and arrows he does so much mischief with. He m, lound (o be iu possession of (our missing rings thrown at the rose-trcc. lie bowed jkilitely to tbo ladies — very low to the widows. liaising the wind is a process so simple for the manufacture nf specie, that wefuil ffllhi- rastoniahi'd tliat Mr Heller would levy uuy lariu' Tor ad mission nt Uu- doom. He borrows a hat, and commences catching half-crowns or florin** in (he air, on gentlemen s whiskers, on ladies' bonnets, everywhere and any where, justas juveniles catch (lies, aud [h'lis tin-in into the hat, either through the -tide, or ihi- wowii, or over !li-* left or anyhow until he half fills it ; then he gives six of the coins lo one gentle man, nnd twenty to another ; taking can to inakcthem count llicm carvfullyand bold Ibem light. Then he takes the six. slues them ut the hands closed on (he tncuty; has them counted again, and there arc twenty-nix ! Tin- vranoiniriil breakfast i. a secret worth knowing ; for out of scraps of calico iu one box. and scraps of the local papers in another, Mr lli-Uer, by a rapid process, converts them into hot coll'ee with milk ad l,h Hum, and sugar, prime loaf sugar, in prolusion. This beverage uas handed round in tiny cups ami sjiucpts to convjiici) iho Ifldjfs thai The second part was a musical treat of the highest ordi-r. Mr Heller sat down to Ins splendid 221) guinea grand Krard piano forte, and drew from it first a fantasia ami airs from La Sonnambula. In this ll.cn (s(*('Di-'(l to fl-iQ.t out on orenn of \\\i\d im-ludy,ovi-r which tbnnirs were distinct, (inutile wail m fi Round toniiod mi nccoiii pauinicnt ^rand audi'liauKi'fuUsllu'iiniiL' which every ruueical ear iaucim when lu t-PDinc to tlio souud of tin* so& in nioti--u on 11 rocUioiiud coast. The variations ou ' The Lost Bobo of Summer, ' were nu merous and very beautiful, but towards tbe close the instrument seemed converted from a 1 icce of uicchauislu into the plum ttve toues of a sweetly meloJious human voice. Nothing could possibly liavr been more perfect, and we must confess we never heard the true powers of the pianoforte brought out until this oceasiun. The performance was received with the most rapturous ap plause. The musical section was xouu.l up with a rather libellous production on tlii- musical young lady element, libclU. all the more on account of its trnthfulnex. The acting of Mr Heller iu this little bit of musical burlesque was equisitc. Mr Heller must have studied youiu: ladies of tlic Miss Adclgeia Tompkiu stamp, as Buflbn studied tlie characteris tics of other species of natural history. The third |iart was properly i-ntitleJ ' Mystery.' This iB hypematural vision by Mr Heller and his Bister, Mimlfayd.i liellcr. Miss Heller, a very graceful young lady, was blindfolded, and Sir lli-ller informed lhe audience that In. sister and not he had oil the sight- teeim.1 to do. They might think, and some did. that she had nothing to do but (o sit tlicre and look pretty, while ho did all the rosi by ventriloquism. He would prove thai impossible, and Misi Heller did so, as tlie tunes of her gentle voico were frequently hoard in reply, while Mr Heller wj speaking in his usual strong, manly manner. MisB Heller's powers wen1 tested in every way, by asking her t« describe articles touched or pointed to by Mr Holler, who ranged away amongst llie audience to the extreme end of the hall. All sorts of coins with dales, keys. pencils, opera-glassca. haudkerchiefs, flowers, bank notes. with numbers, everything from a doll to a small elcphaot, tobacco, cigars, a piece of a pi]ie, a piece of a match, every article — rare, curious, elegant, or common— were ]»inted at to test Miss Heller ? second sight, and all were more minutely described by her (lion they could liavi been by the very owners of them. Tin is the grand wonder ol the day, this hyper tiatural vision, and it is utterly useless to attempt to account for il on any natural laws known to tlic multitude. Mr Heller placed a handkerchief in his mouth, toot up a hat in which some dozen articles hail been placrd, did not speak but merely ht'U them up in turn, snapping his fingers -t earh exhibit, when Miss Heller instantly named and described it, and « few of the last sho described right off without waiting oven for a signal. The last wonder is the optical illusion more wonderful than Professor Pepper's ghost— Heller's or Monsieur Gabriel's niarblo bust, which ib brought to life by a draught of Heller's magical elUer vita. The butt stands on the table. It is apparently lifeless as marble, but on receiving the draught it beams with intelligence, iU eyes follow Monsieur Gabriel everywhere j it mores its marble head, it sneaks, it drinks, at hut Mr Hcllorarrivo», ejects Monsieur Gabriel and requests the marble head to sing to his oijti accuiiipmiimonl on the piano. Tlie his' tory of tho bust is done very nicely, but we have not space for this lyrical story i and advise all who can to go and hear uie melody, aud witness the mystery, tw magic, the wonder* of the greatest linog sorcerer, Mr Bohert Heller. Ak Gel ib a W*teb Btn-ri-r Pt*'' On Wednesday the supply of water to tbe Volunteer Hotel was Interrupted, ani on e» amLnmfi; into the cause, a floe eel, about Id inches long, was found wedged In the service (line, ana a portion oE It swaying about in (lie main. 