PENRITH. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT] May 22. A public meeting was held to-day (Monday), under a letter from the Government, requesting the electors of the recently proclaimed municipality of Penrith to nominate a person a's 1 retiifning-oflicer for the ensuing elections. Mr. Thomas 'Willmott's name has been submitted for the appointment. A cricket match, between Penrith and Sydney Surrey Club, is to be played on Belmore Park on the Queen's Birthday. The weather has been very showery, and the low grounds in consequence tco wet for the farmers to work. On Friday evening last the Penrith Amateur Dramatic Club, in accordance with their programme, gave a *ery pleas ing entertainment in the Commercial Assembly Rooms, in aid of tho district cricket club. The weather proved anything but propitious ; nevertheless the room was very fashionably thronged, and tho appearance of so many of the fair sex materially incited the performers to excel, if possible, previous concerts. The first part consisted of glees, songs, ballads, a recitation, and stump oration. Mr. J. T. York sung ▼ery nicely ' Mary, Queen of my souL' Mr. George A. Reid duly received an encore in the 'Marseillaise,' and elicitcd toarsof laughter in the ' Irish Speculator' and 41 Pat Murphy.' Mr. C. Craig in 'The bridge,' and Mr. E. T. Mulligan in ' Thy voice is near,' gave fair promise of becoming favourites. Mr. Brennan, suffering from influenza, substituted 'Jolly days ' for the 'Blave chasp,' and Mr. A. Colliss pleased the audience in the recital of ' Tell's address to the mountains and the delivery of the stump oration, ' De many changes of din world' (in character), being interlarded with some local hits provoked much Merriment. The characters in the 41 Four O'clock Train,' the CapUin, and Jeiumy Ducks, were admirably cast, the former in the free and easy style he executed his part, and the latterbeing particularly natural on seeing the ghost (Mr. Colliss). A black in the programme was here tilled in by Mr. Charles York very effectively singing 'Love among the roses.' In the second part the whole of the company favoured the visitors with 'Tho Minstrels/' Mr. George Davis as Sambo, and Mr. Brennan as Bones. The rendering of tho choruses were good indeed, but during these the audience was some what disturbed by a few persons, who shtuld have known better, throwing fruit and twestmeats, Lc. The cornet solo by Mr. Smith, and 'Yes, let me like a soldier fall,' were apologized for, in cons'.-quence of those gentlemen suffering froir. the itfluetiza cpidcmic. Next came a ' Manager in a fir/' got up well and deservinp of credit. Mr. Hill, as Manager. Mr. A. Colliss as the Bully, performed their parts to a nicety ; the make-up of the ballet girl and the tragedian being grand in the extreme. The concert closed wiih the Rational Anthem, the audicucc dispersing apparently satisfied v.ilh their young friends dtsirc to entertain them. TJre. Wiiks presided at the pianoforte. Busheaxgtkg ON the Lachlan. — Notwithstanding the prempt action and practical measures exercised fey our Government and police force for the suppression of bushrawging, which has for many years back been a source of terror and disquietude both to travelers and inhabitants of the Australian hush, outrageous and unlawful defiance of law and order are not yet become extinct, nven in the Lachlan district. Information reached us on the 14th instant, of the station of Mr. Owen, known as Gunneguldrey, being besct on the evening of the 11th instant, by two bushranging depredators. A man named King, who was in charge of the station, when demanded by two aimed men to surrender fired a gun olf, but did not prevent the ruffians in carrying out the object of thrir attack, as they afterwards entered the preujiies which they searched p.nd ransacked, appropriating whatever they found of any value to them, — Forbes Times. A Great Enterprise.— A deputation cf a novel but mott important character waited on Thursday, upon the Minister of Lands, to lay before him a scheme styled '?The Grand Victorian North-W^tern Canal Company/' which is the mostjmportaat thing that has ever spraxg into notice in \ ictoria. The proposition is t* make a canal, with i^s branches, which would unite and permeate the districts of ftodney, Beedigo, Glad ntone, Earu-Kara, Borung, and Karkarook. The point I e.f commencement will be on the Goulburn River, I b 'tvreou Murchison and Tabilk. it will thea ran in ! au easterly direction, passing to the s*uth of Lake ! Cooper, t.hea it would intersect the Caiapaipo River between r.ochester and Elmore, pacing the Victoria Railway about fifteen n,iles frnui Eehuca. It would there pa:.s to the head of the M .r.t Kcpe Creek, south ?f the Tedrick Ranges, the L.jddon, the Aroca, go through Lake Bulokt and the AVimmera district to Lake Kinduiarsh, on to Lake Albacutva. Other dis tricts would be connected by branched. The cauil. which is to be 500 milcK long, is also to be sixty feet w;d© and ;en feet deep, which would be wide enough to allow river steamer* to pass each other with ease. The promoters srek to obtain grants of alternate blocks of iacd ur.-!.,-r the '0th section of the Land Act, 1S69, the Govercv.srit holding the intermediate blocks. The estimated expenditure of the company is £3,000,000, wuich would a Urge amount cf employment. Shtiu^u tiic Gc.v .mment be wise enough to allow the company ihe r-rtc, capitr.l will flow ia upon us population alis'o. Fettkmenf. vull take place nt a rate which nothing el-^e could insure'. The whole capit.J io;juired c^n be otta!ncd at the shortest notice, one ge!^ .'.njar. in Sieibeump alone hhvin^ auarrctftd S3C0.090. — Melb&urne; Herald. ^ 