PRINCE OF WALES OPERA HOUSE. The dramatic season commenced at the Prince ' on Saturday night with 'Elfie' as the opening piece. The plot of this drama, one- of Bouci canlt's sensational productions, was given in out last. Judging its success by the patronage 'be- stowed on it, it wouldbe slight. It was, however, played with great care. Miss Rosa Cooper, an old and, deservedly so, a great favorite, appeared as Elfie, to which she did full justice and re ceived a flattering reception. Messrs. Bjirtlett, Young, Holloway and Welsh played with great care. Mr. Morton Tavares has been engaged ? for twelve nights and will appear this evening in 'Hamlet,' with Mr. Bartlett' as Ghost. During the engagement lie will appear in his l-est impersonations. ? ? ?'? ' Biloela. — Mr. Gowper, Water Police Magistrate, has taken up his residence on the island, and has assumed -control over the ; inmates-of the so-called reformatory. Having ascertained that the acts of insubordination complained of chiefly occur between (5 p.m. and ? 9 p;m., he has endeavoured to devise means ! whereby these hours may be spent by the girls with advantage to themselves. ??? He intends to have one of the school-rooms fitted Up as a reading-roorn, to which those -only who conduct themselves will access 'be given. ? Crochet and .needlework the girls will also be allowed to engage in, and a small harmonium ' is about to 'be purchased, to be placed ;in the reading-room'. The Blackwattle Swamp ?Nuisance. — A writer in the JTcraid, signing,', ': .himself 'No Nuisance,' aaiTs :'''^liat''.',*are ,'?'.?'?';' the owners of property' ' a/t 'tiie* .Glelpe/ doing, that they suffer the Sydney , . Corporation to continue to empty the sewerage 'into Black wattle SSvamp ?, The imisance is daily, becom ing more pestilential, ' aiitT.is causing a, fearful amount' of fever and . illness amongst the large population of the Glebe.' „ 'No Nuisance' advises .that,, as the Corporation 'continue deaf to the appeals made to them ?relative io the matter, legal measures should be at once taken. The Agricultural Society.— A. depu tation from this society waited on the Colonial : Secretary on Friday last with -a request that the Government would cause a sum of money to be placed on the estimates to enable them to carry out their show in April next. They were, it is stated, favourably received and their request granted. This assistance from the public funds is required, it 13 stated, to meet the present defi ciency. ,?? ? ? Boundary Line.— The boundary line be tween Victoria and New South Wales lias been completed. Mr. P. J. Dalton.^ — We are enabled to state that this gentleman is now out of danger and is rapildy recovering his former strength.. Mr. T. S. Mort, who has for the past few weeks been suffering from a violent attack of cholera, is now out of danger. Sad and Fatal Accident.— On Satur day evening last, a sad and fatal accident oc curred on the South Head Road. On the evening named Mrs. J. G. Ross; in company with her father (Mr. J. Fairfax) and her sisterin law (Mrs. J. R. Fairfax) Avere returning home in Mr. Fairfax's carriage from Paclclington. Be tween Mr. Gordon's and Mr. Brewster's on the New South Head Road, the reins dropped from the coachman's (Michael Clar^y) hands, who in attempting to recover them fell forward, first on to the splinterbar and afterwards on to the ground. The horses immediately afterwards increased their pace to a smart gallop. Mr. Fairfax was the first to jump out, something caught him in doing so, and he fell heavily to the ground. After the horses had proceeded about one hundred yards, Mrs. Ross, jumped from the carriage on the off-side, her dress caught in the splash step of the carriage, and she fell heavily on her left side. When picked up she was found to be unconscious, she was attended by Dr. Nott, and removed to Mr. J. R. Fairfax's residence, where she shortly after wards, died. Mr. J. R. Fairfax 'jumped from the carriage almost immediately after Mrs. Ross, and escaped without injury. The re mains of the deceased lady were interred on Thursday evening. The funeral was- attended by a large number of the citizens of all- classes. Cricketing Association. — The annual meeting of this Association was held on Wednesday evening at TattersalPs Hotel. Mr. R. Driver presided. ? The report, as also the Treasurer's balance sheet showing the suna of £350 to the credit of the Association, was read and adopted. Mr. R. Driver was ? elected President, Messrs. J. J. Cal vert and C. Moore, Vice-Presidents, Mr. W. Clark, Honorary Sec retary, and Mr. A. L. Park, Honorary Treasurer. Serious Accident. — Late on Wednes day evening, a young man named Mulqueeny engaged iii driving a van, was thrown from the vehicle while turning round the corner of Park and Castlereagh streets and seriously hurt. He was conveyed to the Infirmary. Fatal Accident. — At about 8 o'clock p.m., on Wednesday evening, a yoving child, 'named Moureau, was run over by a 'bus on the Newtown. Road, and died shortly after from the injuries received. Attempted Suicide. — Margaret Mul holland was charged before the Central Police Court on Monday last, with having on the 26th October, attempted to commit suicide by tak ing poison. In reply to the policeman who arrested her, she confessed the act, but stated, that before taking the poison she sent for the minister and for a constable. In reply to a question asked by the Bench, she stated that the cause of her rash act was in consequence of .having a bad husband. Committed for trial at the next Criminal Court. Suicide. — On Sunday morning a Ger man named Timins was found dead, suspended to a rafter of an, out-house attached' to Mr. Abbott's boarding house, corner of Kent and Erskine streets. Deceased was a Geiraan, and could scarcely speak a word. of English. He had but lately arrived from Queensland and was in a very destitute state. Some of his countrymen supplied him with food. An inquest was held on the following day, when a verdict of felo de se was returned. , iNQUEST.-r-An inquest Svas commenced before the City Coroner at the Pier Hotel, Manly Beach, on Monday afternoon, and con cluded on Wednesday, touching the cause of the death of a woman named Bridget Collins. The evidence of deceased's husband Avent to show that on Friday last, he and her had come into Manly from Pitt Water, where they resided, with' some eggs and other produce. They, pro-' cured some, things and then left Manly. His wife, drove the horse, and they had with them a Mr. Redmond, who resides four miles from Manly. On ar'-iving at his residence, he and vis wife remained there for two hours. Be fore leaving Manly, he had taken four glasses of rum and drank a glass of mead at Redmonds ; his wife had but oiie nobbier of brandy, she was perfectly sober. After leav ing Redmonds his wife again drove, Collins, lying down'' in the cart. He fell asleep and the first thing he' remembered afterwards was find ing himself under the vehicle in. a creek; near the D. Y. Bridge ; it was raining veryVh'ard at' the time, and after he had holloaed, and no : one 'answered, he scraped aAvay the earth Under the tail-board and got out . He did riot see his wife then, lie went to Mr. Redmond's; and on his re turn saw his wife's head lying under the. side of the cart, he then went to Mr. Jenkins; procured assistance and returned, but they were unable to loose the horse. They waited for niore assis tance, arid at length were able to lift the cart arid 'release his wife who was dead.' Further evidence was taken, and a verdict of accidental death returned. Child Murder.— On Tuesday, an in quest was held before the City Coroner on the body ,of an infant, 'found on the previous evening in | a water closet in Elizabeth-street. The mother of the child, Catherine Johnson, was before the court in custody pending the result . of the inquiry. The evidence of Mr. Wilkinson, in whose employ she had been for a short time, went to show that on Wednesday, the 25th September, lie had occasion to go into her room after she had left it, and found that the floor had been recently washed, with stains of blood on it. He asked her about it and she said she upset a vessel containing water ; he then saw in the washliolise a tub three parts full of clothes stained with blood ; he told his wife of what he had seen and asked her to examine the girl relative to it ; he then ex amined the waterj closet on several occasions afterwards but found nothing until Monday last, when he made a further search with a rake and brought to the surface the dead body of a female infant, he sent for the police and asked the woman Johnson about it, she' began to cry and made no answer. To the police sergeant she acknowledged being the mother of the child, which she said was born dead. Dr. Egan gave evidence to the effect that he had examined the dead body of the, child at No. 2 Police Station, the child was mature or nearly so, there were several injuries on the head and hand of the child, he applied the hydrostatic tests and was of opinion that the child was alive at or about the time of birth ; he was unable to state the cause of death.; A verdict of wilful murder was returned and the mother committed to take her trial at the next Criminal Court. Cape of Good Hope. — Latest intelli gence from the Cape states that the bill for the introduction of responsible Government was re jected by the council. Diamonds continue to be found in large numbers. One stone had been found weighing 120 carats. The cholera was raging on the east coast. At Quillimane it had receded into the interior after destroying from 4000 to 5000 natives. One third of the force destined for the Zambesi had died and the ex pedition had been abandoned. New Zealand. — A great fire occurred at Otago, New Zealand, on the morning of October 11. It was first discovered in the ser vant's room of the Bank of Otago. The fire ex tended from the Bank of Otago to the premises of Messrs. Hunter and Hawkshaw, Dalwig, Furniture-maker, Broad, Watchmaker, Lloyd, Photographer, Hatch, Chemist, Iiigram's Gar rick Club Hotel, Coutts, Tailor, Mitchell, Boot maker. Released Prisoners' Fund.— A meet ing of the committee of this fund was held on Tuesday evening. Dr. M'Donagh occupied the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The following cards, with the amounts collected, were handed in : — No; 46 (Mr. J. M'Cann), £4 18s. 6d. ; No. 60 (Mr. Talbot), 11s. ; Mr. D. O'Connor, £5 4s. ; Mr. Quinlan, £3 10s. 6d. ; No. 82 (Mra. Meally), Ss. Several cards not having been received, the adjournment of the meeting until Tuesday evening next was carried on the motion of Mr. D. O'Connor. The meeting then adjourned. Wreck of the ' Crown.' — A telegram from Townsville, states that the brig 'Crown,' Javell, Captain, was wrecked in the North East Channel, Torres' Straits, on September 7th. Hail Storm at Illawarra. — A very severe and destructive hail storm is reported to have occurred at West Dapto, on the night of Monday, 24th September. The hail came down in a perfect mass of ice, smashing everything before it. One person Mr. W. Brown, had 300 choice fruit trees, a large quantity of vegetables, a fine selection of flower plants, and about twenty acres of maize, potatoes &c;, destroyed. Many wild birds were killed and the ice is said to have been from one to three feet thick in Mr. Horseley's paddocks after the storm. It ap peared to come from the south travelling north, and was about a mile wide. Bathurst Circuit Court.— On Satur day last, Patrick Martin was discharged on a writ of habeas corpus. An information had been filed against him for the murder of Bridget Kane, but he has not been arrested. William Hartley alias George Cox, was found guilty for the Wren's Nesst murder, and sentenced to death. On Thursday Mary Jane Devlin was found guilty of child murder, and sentenced to death. On Friday William Bentley was sen tenced to seven years hard labour, for cattle stealing ; Curus Croucher, tried for indecent as sault, was acquitted ; William Ashmore, alias Brown, received a sentence of two years in Dar linghurst gaol, with hard labour, for an assault with intent to commit a rape ; Alexander Bell, for indecently assaulting a girl nine years old with intent, was sentenced to seven years hard labour. Maryborough. — A telegram states that a. new lode of extraordinarily rich copper ore and great width, was struck on the Mount Perry Company's grounds, at Maryborough ; a copper lode of great extent has also been discovered at Moolloolaman, thirty miles from Bandaberg ; several other lodes were found within ten miles of Mount Perry. Gulgong and Tambaroora Gold fields — The Government have appointed a corn niission, consisting of the Surveyor-General, Mr. H. Maclean, Mr. Commissioner Johnson, and Mr. Bennett, to visit these gold-fields, and re port fully thereon without delay. The . report is to embrace the following particulars, viz. :— The population present on each gold-field, the number of persons actually engaged in mining, the number of ascertained leads and their proba ble length, the number of shafts sunk, with their average depth and yield, the quantity of gold obtained weekly, and generally as to the extent and prospects of these gold-fields. The report will also include a statement showing the na ture and quality of the land in the districts, dis tinguishing the Government land, the extent of land surveyed for a town, the demand for building sites, and the facility for obtaining water for domestic and mining purposes. The commissioners are further authorised to make what suggestions they think fit as to the require ments of these gold-fields generally, and particu larly as to the advisability of connecting Mudgee and the Western line of the railway by a narrow SailSe— SW- thl-ee feet six inches— branch line. ^ His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Belmore returned on Friday from Melbourne by the P. and O. Co.'s steamer beelong. As the vessel steamed up the har bour a salute was fired by the artillery at Dawes Point. South Australia.— Stamp Duties are about to be imposed in South Australia in. order to make up a deficiency in the revenue. ? . ? ,_ —^ Melbourne Stock Sales. — Delmahoy, Campbell and Co. report ; 1050 catfcle yarded' prices fluctuated at opening salesj but closed 10s per head higher ; 21,000 sheep penned, half of which were shorn. All descriptions brought slightly advanced rates. — Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report 27,000 sheep and lambs yarded! Best wethers, in wool, 12s. tol4s. ; shorn, 7s to 8s ; ewes, ifi wool, 10s to 12s ; shorn, 6s to 7s. 1000 cattle yarded, quality mostly good ; and' we sold about 600 from the Lachlan and Mur ray. Bullocks, £7 11s to £8; two cows, about Brisbane Water. — On Saturday, the 21st September, a young man driving a waggon? for Mrs. Capper of Gosford, being benighted, left the waggon laden withpah'ngs until Mon day morning. On his return he found that some1 person had taken some of the palings, placed them over the wheels, and then set fire to them. One wheel was destroyed. A reward has been offered for the arrest of the perpetrator. Sugar ^ From the Macleay.— .The Platypus, which arrived on Saturday from the' Macleay River, brought 509 packages of sugar, and 97 casks of molasses. ' Cattle Sale Yards. — An amended Cattle Sale Yards Act has been prepared under the direction of the City Council, and is to her submitted to the Parliament immediately after the opening of the session. It consists of four clauses, the second of which runs thus : — 'The- powers and authorities of the Municipal Coun cil of the City of Sydney to take and demand: fees and charges in respect of cattle, as set forth in section six of the said Act, shall be extended to include all cattle brought into the said city, or within ten miles thereof, for the purpose of being sold at any sale yard., whether by public auction or private contract, and whether the same be intended for slaughter or not. And for the purposes of this Act the words 'Sale Yard5 shall be taken to include any preinises where cattle are customarily exhibited or kept for the purposes of sale, exchange, or other dis posal whatsoever. ' Ministerial Visit to Murrurundi. — On Saturday last, Sir James Martin, Mr. J. Robertson, and Mr. Windeyer paid a visit to Murrurundi. After they had visited the burning mountain at Wingen, they were entertained at dinner at the Royal Hotel, Murrurundi, by a number of the inhabitants. The usual toasts, sj-eeches, &c;, were indulged, but no ministerial secrets were divulged. Not Yet Extinct ! — The Cassilis mail was stuck up near Merriwa on Wednesday afternoon, by two armed men. Hairless Horse. — The Upper Hunter Courier states that a hairless horse is to be seen in that district. The animal is destitute of mane, forelock or tail (as far as hair goes). Seen from behind, it gives one the idea of a shapely rhinoceros. Its body is exactly like so much india-rubber, and the saddle, even when well secured by breast-plate, crupper, and girths, slips round after a very short time The place of its capture is said to be on the Balloon River. Dublin Riots on Sunday, September 3\. — Latest intelligence states that the Amnesty meeting announced to be held on Sunday, Sep tember 3, in the 'Fifteen Acres,' Phoenix Park, came duly off and was a success. Mr. Smythe, M. P., presided, and everything passed off' peaceably and quietly. After the meeting had dispersed the police and a number of civilians came into collision in Queen-street. Sixty policemen sallied out from the barracks and were received with a volley of stones. Several of them were injured, but dozens of citizens received severe wounds. The police made a few arrests but were compelled after each arrest to beat a hasty retreat. All the windows in the Police station were smashed. The fighting is described as being close and desperate. 