RETURN OF THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY TO BERLIN. A correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, writing front Berlin on the 17th March, thus describes The return of the Emperor -" At half-past 5 o'clock this afternoon, his Majesty Wilhelm I tho v victorious,' Emperor of the German Reich, and King of Prussia, made his entry into his ancestral capital under circumstances of far less pomp and circumstance than those attending his visit to the Emperor Napoleon at Paris in that Exhibition year-the name of which is written in water-1867. Then, all the splendour and all the pageantry at the command of the most powerful, luxurious. and hospi- table Empire on the Continent were lavished on the reception of a Monarch whose government a few weeks before had been within an ace of coming to blows on the Luxembourg question with France Napoleon III. seemed desirous of laying that ugly ghost in a red sea of gold. He surfeited his Royal Brother ' with attentions. The "will of the Eljfco had been deemed good enough for the Paul shah, but the King of Prussia was lodged in a wing of the Tuileries itself. Well do I remember the sunny afternoon on which the Imperial and tool coal was swept through the glorious length of the Rue de Rivoli - toe State carriages, with their matchless horses, Wil- ing with gilt and burnished trapping? the glittering masques and consists of ty Cent Gardens, the tAirs and ribands and crosses of the Bill the wondrous show made by the French Imperial GraM diers, as they to used out at the main guard at the town, their eagle in the centre, to present arms to the electoral guest. And very distinctly do I remember, too, the gloomy silence of the enormous multitude as the dazzling cavalcade theatre lover" siarcQ HI IUO runs - "As. they would have gazed upon a splendid sMT J with actors % he were distasteful to them. Jim build, but they did not applaud That iu_M.ta»¡» cases, they sneered at and disparaged what they nw_««"> o. spitefully circulated the bitter jest attributed to CoM Bismark, whom Napoleon inquired whether the Jews" Prussia did not find Pans much altered since his last race Assuredly ; but his Majesty always enters by silver _ Denis It was time ALLIE that g He, with all Leura A v. vain trophies overhead, that Print of William of rain had ridden a mile and in the w die of Hw is"? Armies, are 1815. fifty-seven we have classes and after wisely abstaining from entering in triumph the capital which his soldiers would have trampled under their feet, the boy Prince of Hohenzollern now bronzed veterans i event}-four-now a mightier conqueror than the winners of Leipsic and Waterloo-now an Emperor of Germany comes home to Berlin in the quietest and simplest an inner conceivable. I have seen the High Sheriff of an English county make a grander show winn, with his javelin men, he has gone forth to welcome the Judges at assize time. 