CHAFF. BY THE GHOST OF MENIPPUS. MC G—BB—N! holy doctor, give me leave To dash you off a verse of dedication By way of compliment, since I believe You are the tip-top pillar of this nation, That is, the Christian pillar; though I grieve Your marvellous meekness gags all demonstration: I'm backed in the opinion I am holding By PUNCH, of course, and Gr—h—m, W—st, and P—ld—ng. You are an editor, at least you were: A dash'd good editor, or I'm a particle; (Excuse the epithet. I rarely swear Except when physicked with a Herald article.) No doubt your journal's current everywhere, I see it when at Cripps's for a tart I call There is a waitress there, irreverent dapper, She's used you, doctor, for a meat-pie wrapper. And then you are a zealot with a dash Of old John Knox about you. In a true sense A flaming minister of froth and flash, A—well to put it mildly—public nuisance, And so good day. Addressing you was rash Work on my part. I've almost scared my Muse hence; She's wronged! A "live and kicking" Pharisee However, was a bit too much for me. I'm in "full fig," this week. In bardic power, Of course, I'm head and shoulders over Browning; I'm sometimes epical, and then I tower Like Milton,—(Confounded glad I've got that noun in,) Besides I'm great at plays. The present hour, Albeit, hasn't brought my laurel crown in; A fact I wonder at. I'm also lyrical And passionate, like Swinburne the hysterical. So much for self-assertion. You are right, A "puff" in Punch is not the thing, dear editor, Suppose we change the subject: it is trite As trite as is your Civil Servant's creditor, But what the mischief can I find to write About? A biped of the genus bread-eater Must work to live. One can't get fat on hyssop, So, with a view to coin, I'll chaff the Bishop. I mean the Reverend Doctor B—il—y, or Right Reverend Doctor B—il—y, name adorning The public registers of love and law, He marries twenty couples every morning, And, doubtless, he'd be glad to marry more In spite of Malthus and his famous warning. God speed, I say, the rising generation; 'Twill not fall through for want of population. I'm glad, however, that the Doctor beat His state opponents at the recent Session; Their little scheme (to put it mild) was neat, About as neat as Parkes's "new transgression." * In fact it meant revenge—an item sweet They say, to men of clerical profession. Egad! I'm slandering the cloth. Alas for me! I may be sent to quod, like J—nes, for blasphemy! So B—il—y, vale. Falling back on Dave Won't do: I cannot cramp him in one stanza; And L—rd is not intended for this stave, He's bottled for my next extravaganza. And yet, dear PUNCH, you dear exacting knave I must wind up according to command, sir! There now, you've got the lot—the sixty-four Lines that you want. By Jove you'll get no more! * Viz.—the famous "new crime" discovered A. D. 1868. 