NEWS AND NOTES. It now appears that the main reasons for the non agreement of the jury in the case of George Moore were that some of the jurymen were not convinced that he took the money feloniously, and thought that if he had been able to pay the money back there would have been no prosecution. No doubt the busi ness of the hospital was very loosely done, but we confess that the reasoning of the jurymen who were for an acquittal is, on their own showing, curious. A letter from a juryman will be found in another part of the paper. Persons who have not yet paid their rates can do so in Ballarat East up to nine o’clock, and in the City till ten o’clock, this night. The penalty of non-compliance will be exclusion from the ratepayers’ roll in each instance. * " The resolutions ou which the proposed property tax is to he founded are given in full in another column. Tenants are authorised to deduct the rate from landlords, and mortgagors proportionably from mortgagees. Any .owner of land or house property under the annual value of £25 is exempted, provided that he is in actual occupation of -the same. The County Court sat again on Friday, and the list set down for the day was entirely disposed of. The cases were not, as a rule, of much interest. The Colonial Bank v Jose was a case in which the bank had received defendant’s bill for £6O from customers for discount. Afterwards the customers had paid to the bank defendant’s £4O bill, as a renewal of the £6O, stating that they had also received £2O, which they had paid to their own credit. The £6O bill when thus renewed had not been taken out, as those who renewed it were to “ call again ” for it, and omitted to do so. The account of the customers-for whom the bill was discounted was overdrawn, and the bank keeping the £4O hill for collection allowed the £6O acceptance to be dishonored. They did not charge their customers with the amount, however, as they had an overdrawn account, but charged their own overdue bills account with the amount. Securities were afterwards nro cured from Mr Jose for the payment of .the bill—the bank referring to the £6O bill, and Mr Jose to the £4O acceptance. When Mr Jose paid the £4O bill he asked for the return of his securities, hut was told that he had given them in regard to payment of the bill which he had considered as in the limbo of almost forgotten things. He became wrath, but found that it was useless to be so; the £4O paid instead of being credited to the payment of the £6O bill, was credited to the overdrawn account of the bank’s customers. The difference between the £4O paid and the £6O with interest, was in reality what the bank wanted in the action, and his Honor, while in opinion adverse, in ac cordance with numerous decisions felt bound to give plaintxfis judgment for that amount. A man named M‘Kay brought an action against the Albion Consols Company for damages, for a loss of a finger through the faulty construction of a jump-up ladder, but his Honor nonsuited him. The court will sit again to day. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—“Rose, the absconded clerk from the National Bank, Emerald JEU, mistook his profession, for the stage evidently was his forte. The evening he honored Learmonth with a visit he appeared in four different characters, first as an agent for an insurance company, making his way to Avoca to arrange some valuable risk; secondly as a sportsman, having come to the district for a few days for the purpose of enjoying some of the good shooting which he had heard was so abundant; thirdly as a cattle-dealer; fourthly, and finally, as a near relation, for appearing on our stage as ‘ George Leslie,’ he soon discovered, to his delight and astonishment, that he was closely connected with one of the leading families in the district, hailing from the Highlands of Scot land. Our esteemed visitor, though flashing his rolls of notes before the eyes of many who doubtless, however wickedly, coveted a few of them, and ‘ shouting ’ for all hands, was extremely cautious. During the few hours in the evening ho spent at the Stag hotel, he appeared anxious to know the name, residence, and occupation of every one coming in and going out, and was not at all like the man at ease at his own inn. This was evident from his preferring to ride a mile and a half to another hostelry, a house not so subject to the watchful eyes of the guardians of law and other inquisitive persons, who might be seek ing for an introduction not to be denied. Here the wearied actor rested, or rather stayed the night, having previously sent the horse that he had hired to Balls? rat, paying a hiiwker 5s for the job. Up at daybreak the following morning, his first cry was for a horse, where could he buy agoodhorse? Minehost,! think, will grieve to the last day he lives that he did not jump at the liberal offer his .wealthy guest made him to pur chase a broken down, worn-out old pony, for I don’t know how many pounds. He wanted it only for his shooting expedition, and was sure it would stand fire, as if it would not, the poor animal being so used to such an-experiment. The agent for the insurance company was not long, however, in getting mounted, for falling in with one of the local butchere he was soon suited, for what butcher’s horse can’t go? The price was soon arranged and the lucky purchaser as quickly in the saddle, and remarking that he had no time to lose in reaching Avoca to conclude the afore said important insurance, started off in that direction. He had not gone veiy far ■ on the main road when he made a detour, and took the road by the margin of the lake cn route to the Two Bridges, Windermere, where, no doubt, he had another insurance to effect first. The butcher was heard to observe, when his customer rode away, ‘ That if that cove was not a detective, the de tectives were after him.’ Where are the detectives? Exit from Learmohth, Rose alios George Leslie.” The post-office authorities have again declined to concede to the request of the Ballarat East Borough Council for an earlier clearance of the letter boxes, and an extension of delivery. The Gas Company, as previously stated, las natu rally taken alarm at the works of the Eastern Bo rough Council for the protection of the borough from floods. A letter from the company pointing out the danger to its works in case of a flood, was read at the meeting of the borough council last night, and it ended by saying that, should the danger apprehended take place and . the question of redress be raised, the company would take its letter,as ,strengthening its claim to the substantial'sympathy of the council- The letter was made an order of the. day for .the nest meeting. “ Costs’' Is a subject upon which some highly in teresting speeches are made by the legal profession, here both at the higher and lower courts,' A legal gentleman tdade ah. ,application of a startling nature on Friday to his Honor Judge Cope on that subject: He applied for the expenses of one Witness more than appeared to have beeh sUbpmnaed, and when his Honor asked for an explanation pointed to a little interest ing looking bundle on the arm of his client which -had-been turning the .court into a-kind of nursery by - prying at intervals during the day. His Honor “ Did not see it.” . - A land board, consisting-of Mr Andrew-J.-Forbes, president of Bungareeshire; Mr Morres,*' district-sur veyor, and Mr Elmslie, of the Ballarat Mining Board, sat on Friday, at Gordon. About fifty applications under the 10 th and 49 th. sections of the Land Act were considered, and in most cases they were granted.- The land concerned was principally in the parishes of Bungal, Kerrit Barest, and Moorabool. The minutes of the last ordinary meeting of the old Ballarat East Borough Council,’ and' of the two spe cial meetings held before the resignation of the coun cillors have not been confirmed. At the meeting of the council on Friday night the minutes of these meet ings were read, and the mayor said it had been stated that the new councillors eould not confirm the min utes of the .meetings of their predecessors in office. The town-clerk could, quote nothing from the dlt to bear upon the case; and: the mayor ruled that the minutes of the meetings of the old council could not be confirmed! - Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“The Hon. Mr Michie some rime ago in one of his lectures strove to persuade us that ghosts are not indigenous of this clime; but perhaps the learned gentleman would find it somewhat difficult for. materialistic philosophy to explain away a ghost story related" by a friend of mine, a resident of the Mount Misery district. The . story, which hjd almost been forgotten by my friend, was brought td'His recollection by a paragraph, which recently appeared in the <Stor touching the'murder committed in the ranges in question in 1854. Some fourteen years ago two miners, one of whom at present resides in Dutchman’s Gully, left the Black Lead on a prospecting expedition to Mount Misery. On arriving at their distinatioh they found in a secluded gully a bark hut, and they fixed upon.it for their habitation. They soon saw that at a period not very remote the place had been occupied for a length of time, as there was a well-defined pathway from the hut.to a water hole adjacent. There was nothing, however, in the appearance of the place to awaken misgivings in the minds of the prospectors, and they had supper andretired to bed; but just about midnight one of the men awoke as if from a troubled dream with an indescribable sense of some mysterious agency at work, and scarce had he sat up before he heard footsteps approach the hut, enter the door, advance across the floor, and seemingly pass out right through theside of the building. Becoming nerved- with the occasion, the man got his revolver ready, determined to have a shot at the unaccountable visitant'should it return. There was not long to wait till back it came" precisely in the same way as before, and pop ! pop 1 went the revolver. The man’s mate, awakened by the pistol shots, sprang out of bed, and shouted ‘ What’s wrong I’ On the matter being explained to him ho treated the whole affair as a joke. His incredulity on the subject, how ever, only lasted till the following night, for another visit of a like kind was then paid, and that time the sceptic as well as his mate witnessed the mysterious visitation. Night after night" for three nights did that inexplicable occurrence take place, and apart from the proceedings on the first night, both of the mates alike distinctly heard the unearthly footsteps on the second and third occasions. Itneed scarcely be said that the unwelcome visitor was not allowed an opportunity of paying a fourth visit, and not the least suggestive part of the affair is, that the quondam sceptic was not the last to suggest the advisability of a prompt abandonment of the hut. Some time afterwards the ghost finder went to the locality in"search of the ghost haunt; but owing to bush fires and other causes the face of the country was so changed that no trace of the spot could be dis covered. My Mend, like so many others, being very desirous of getting a peep into the unseen—of course without leaving terra firma —offered, on the story being related to him, to accompany the narrator to the place and spend a night there, but was then in formed of the former unsuccessful visit, and thus had to abandon the hope of being able, for the present at least, to form an acquaintance with the invisible nightly wanderer of the Mount Misery ranges.” The prospectus of the “Grand "Victorian North western Canal Company ’’ has been issued in pamphlet form with a map showing the area of country pro posed to be irrigated, the courses of the canals, and the general outline of the scheme in its engineering relations. - The capital proposed is .£1,500,000, of which it is intended to raise first £150,000 by the issue of coupons bearing 8 per cent, interest, secured .on the lands and works, and receivable in purchase of the company’s lands if so required. In reply to the application of the Creswick Borough Council, the Board of Lands and Survey has promised that the necessary steps shall be taken for the pro clamation as a common of the land on the ranges to the eastward of the borough, comprising about 1600 acres. The town-clerk of Creswick has been directed to state, in reply to a letter from the borough council of CluneSjin reference to a Weights and Measures Union, that the Creswick.Borough Council is willing to join the Union, provided the shire councils of Talbot and Creswick are included in it, as is necessary according to the act. Mr J. D. Stocks has written a letter to the Eastern Council objecting to any sum being paid out of the council funds to remunerate Mr Coulls, secretary to the late Investigation Committee. This letter was referred to the finance committee of the council, at the meeting on Friday night. A meeting of delegates from the different friendly societies was held under the presidency of Mr Pearce, at Lowe’s cafe, Chines, on 9th June, relative to the formation of a medical association and dispensary. Present—l.O.O.F.M.U., Messrs Radford and Sholl; A.0.F., Messrs C.A.P, Jones and Pearce; Rechabites, Messrs Bonds and Paul; Sons of Temperance, Mr Creed; G.U.0.0.F., Messrs Cocking and Groves; Hibernian Society, Messrs Davis and Finn; Protes tant Alliance Society, Messrs O.E. Jones and Pearce. As it did not appear that the promoters of the meet ing were prepared with any scheme to lay before the meeting, it was resolved that Mr Pearce should writo to the societies at Melbourne, Williamstown, and Bal larat, where such associations are already in operation, .for all information on the subject. The delegates present were also requested to provide themselves in readiness for the next meeting with statements of the number of financial members belonging to each society, and the amounts paid for medical attendance and drugs. After a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting separated, with the understanding that the chairman would call another meeting as soon as he had received the necessary information. Another novel project has just been mado public, and one, too, which promises to be of great value to the colony. It is entitled “ The Riverine Floating Steam Saw-Mill Company,” whoso capital is to be £25,000, in 25,000 shares of £1 each. The company is to be formed to buy the patent of the invention, which, wo believe, belongs to Mr M. J. Cummins, well-known for his long connection with Ballarat, the principal feature in which is the construction of a float ing saw-mill, which can be moved about as circum stances require. As it has been ascertained that splendid red-gum grows along the banks of the Murray and other rivers, it is obvious that the company will have an extensive field of operations, and be. able to cut and carry the timber in the cheapest manner. We understand that the enterprise has been very favorably received in Sandhurst, where the demand for timber is very large. - Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—“ Tho pre sent season has been the most favorable ever known to the farmers in this district. Sowing has been late owing to ploughing being late, and the dirty weedy state of so much of the lands having required extra time and trouble to put into anything like order to receive the seed. To those farmers who have their land well cleaned and manured, and have their crops sown, the fairest prospects of abundant yields surely may be anticipated. Owing to the depressed state of the times, and other causes, it may bo resolved that there will be about one-third leas of land under grain crop this year than last.” . - . On Thursday, Mr Hemy Reitze, butcher, Smy thes dale, met with an accident, in a very simple way, by which his left eye was very severely injured, the ap prehension at first being that tho eyesight was totally destroyed. Mr Reitze had been out with his delivery cart, and in giving a crack of tho whip to the horse, struck himself right across the pupil of the eye with the whip-lash, cutting the cornea. Dr Foster was called to the case. The eyesight is not yet out of danger, but there is a hope that it will be restored. Telegraphic . communication was on Friday esta blished with Dandenong. Mr Seeley will take possession .of the savings bank premises on Monday, for the purpose of demolition. The contract is to bo executed within the current year. ’ - The editor of the Wallaroo Tines, ah old Ballarat man, has an article on the Palmer enquiry-business, in which he mistakes his hero, confounding him with the late Mr George Palmer, draper. Bridge street.:., A motion to the effect that the proposed “ police tax” or property-tax would bo unfair and oppressive to the' ratepayers of the borough, was carried' at the meeting of the Ballarat East Borough Council on Fri day night," and it was resolved to co-operate with other local bodies, and to write to the parliamentary repre sentatives o£ the district, in order to if possible pre vent the passing of the “ Police-tax Bill.” There was' ah alarming fire at Castlemaino on Friday morning,’by which the shop of Mr M : Leay,was burned to the ground,- and adjoining premises injured. The Mail- says:—“.About two o’clock, wliile.tha fire-: menj under the guidance of Captain O’Connell, wefe: playing onthe burning, mass from the pavement, the.' beams which had supported the parapet over the win-- dow’ gave way, and the whole upper structure, toge-' ther with the verandah, came down, burying, M’Con nell, -Mr-Beddick, and several others under, the hot debris. . Aid was at hand and no time was lost in rescuing the men from" their perilous position. All except Captain Connell, escaped with slight bruises, but he being nearest in, received the whole weight on his body, and when at length rescued, had to be car ried away, and he was quickly attended to by Dr Bone. It was .some time before,ihe. was brought round, and even then seemed to be badly hurt. _ Dr. Bone and Dr Malcolm however inform us that he is in ho immediate danger. How the fire originated is of course a matter of conjecture.” The committee of the Bible Society has just issued invitations to the ministers in and around Ballarat, and to a large number’of laymen, to a conference to be held on Monday next, to take into consideration the condition of the British and I’oreign Bible Society Agency in these parts. The committee speaks thus in its circular:—“ It has long been a matter of regret to the committee that the British and Foreign Bible Society : haa received , such inadequate support- and encouragement from the Ballarat district; it is, how ever, believed that by a wisely arranged and oompre* hensive plan, in which all the Protestant Churches could cordially unite, a goodly sum might be raised annually without difficulty; and, desirous of thus advancing the interests of the parent society, the com mittee specially, invite your attendance at the confer ence, and your’Co-operation and counsel in devising such means as ahall, in the judgment of the confer ence, be best calculated to secure' the object in view.” What the. " plan” to which the committee refers is, We cannot tell, but have little dpubtit means some of the good old-fashioned ways of raising money; and in respect to the Bible Society, we can only say that all the wealth and bounty poured into its coffers annually from.all parts.of' the Christianised world, are richly deserved, for amongst catholic institutions and benevo lent enterprises it surely takes the lead. One has only to glance year by year at the almost ponderous reports issued by the parent society, and one is amazed at the amount of work accomplished in the printing and circulation of the “ Written Word,” and at the wondrous faith which underlies all the society takes in hand, and we confess to looking forward .with a little more than : ordinary expectation to the next report, which will contain recitals of- war scenes and Bible readers in camp and in the field, of the City of the Seven Hills, and-the invading armies of Italy and the Bible Society, and a hundred other events of interest.' But how.little we here seem to know of all this,- and how little we do by way of helping on the work. In the accounts published in the last report we find the following free grants acknowledged from the Australian colonies:—New South Wales, £815; Queensland, £9O; Victoria, £445 15s Id; South Australia, £600; Tasmania, £4lO, whilst of the re mittance from Victoria the sum contributed by the Ballarat Auxiliary was only £93 19s 6d. After - this we cannot wonder that the local committee is think ing of. some more lively action in the matter. Years back we remember the ladies collected and remitted £lOO in one year alone, and we know of an enter prising and sanguine minister of one of our city churches who believes that sum might be raised in his own parish., 'We commend his enthusiasm to the notice of the committee and the coming conference, and think with him that much might be done in collecting small sums for the Bible Society, notwith standing the constant drain made on the people of Ballarat in aid of church bazaars, manses, churches, schools, &c.; The Eastern Borough Council has granted the use of its council chamber for the holding of the future ' meetings of the Water-Supply Committee. Mr Miohie and Mr Harcourt, formerly a member of the Assembly for Richmond, have been nominated for the Central Province. At last the Assembly has commenced the discussion the result of which must, for a term at least, decide the fate of the Ministry. On Thursday night Mr Francis proposed his property-tax resolutions. Mr Duffy, Mr Longmore, and Mr Ramsay spoke in oppo sition to the tax, and then, after some desultory con- I vernation, the debate was adjourned until Tuesday next. An industrial and art exhibition, but chiefly an ex hibition of paintings, was opened at the Emerald Hill Mechanics’ Institute, on Thursday. Its object is to provide funds for the. liquidation of a debt upon the institute. Professor ’M’Coy opened the exhibition. There was a large attendance during the day. His Excellency visited the place in the course off he even ing. Special music was played, and the principal in strument wss an organ exhibited by Mr Finoham, of Richmond. The exhibition is to be open for a mouth. Additions have to be made to the numerous list of exhibits, which will no doubt help to render it more attractive. Charles Myles, the young man who sustained frac ture of the skull from a blow given by his brother during’a quarrel last Saturday morning, died on Wed nesday morning between seven and eight o’clock, without having at any time fully recovered ; con sciousness. . Mr Justice Molesworth on Thursday granted per mission to Mrs Wilkie to take her husband, Mr Joseph Wilkie, out of the colony, conditionally bn her giving security to bring him back within eighteen months if required. Application was made to the Supreme Court on Thursday, for. probate of the will of the late Sir, James Palmer, the personalty being sworn under £4OOO. As the affidavits about two codicils were not very clear, the grant of probate was postponed for an explana tion. .’ The annual ploughing match in connection with the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will take place on Friday, the 16th inst,' and' the site is Mr Simpson’s farm. It is announced that 10a will’ be added to each of the prizes offered in Class E., viz., two-furrow ploughs, the gift of Messrs Kelly and Preston. It is feared that another suicide has taken place by drowning at Geelong, the hat and coat of a gardener named Cook having been found on the banks of the River Barwon, at ChilwelL The missing man had been working for Mr Buchanan, a discharge from whose employment was found in the pocket of the coat, as also a letter addressed to him at the All. Na tions hotel, Melbourne. Cook, it is said, had been drinking heavily of late, and on the Queen’s Birthday was pulled out of a waterhole into which he had fallen while intoxicated. His wife, it is stated, is living in a situation at Brighton or St. Kilda. The. police have commenced to drag the river in quest of the body. The Craiaich ’ Advertiser of Friday says:—“ Some aborigines, belonging to the Buninyong tribe, exhi bited their skill yesterday, in the main street, with the boomerang, to the admiration of aorowd of young sters.” The Woodnaggerak ploughing match will be held on Friday, 28th July. We ( Crciwich Advertiser) understand that M'Lean, one of the jumpers on the Dean, Water Reserve, has appealed to the Supreme Court against the decision of the bench on 16th May. Summonses were served on Thursday on the Crown lands bailiff and the magistrates who adjudicated in the matter. The cases comes for hearing on the 20th inst. Alfred George Douglas, of Moonambel, was, on Wed nesday, charged before the Avooa Police-court, with ’sheepstealing. Says the Maryborough Advertiser On a search being instituted a short time since respecting a distillation case in which the pri soner was concerned, some sheepskins bearing the brand of Mr Hamlet Fletcher, squatter, were dis covered on his property. Douglas was removed from the Maryborough Gaol, where he was undergoing a sentence, by Detective Duncan, on a writ of habeas corpus, and taken before the court, which, after hear- • ing the case, committed him to take his trial at the ensuing Circuit Court in Maryborough. The second of a series of popular readings in aid of the Grant street Bible Christian Church Bazaar Fund, was held last evening. It proved a great success, and was fully appreciated by a good audience. The musical part of the programme was well sustained by Mrs Carnell, Miss A. Carnell, Miss S. Whitford, Master C. Lugg, and Mr A. McDonald. Readings were given by Miss Sanderson, Messrs Dimsey, A. Greenwood, and A. Lugg. Recitations by Miss M. J. Roberts, Messrs Greenwood, E. Carlyon, W. Harvey, and T. Secomb. The choral music was conducted by Mrs Carnell, Miss Edith Carnell presiding at the harmonium. The chair was ably filled by the Rev. R. Warren. The sixth anniversary of the opening of St. Peter’s Church will be celebrated to-morrow by special sermons to be preached by the Rev. C. T. Perks, of Richmond. On Monday a tea-meeting' and concert in aid of the funds of that church, will be held in the Assembly Rooms, Sturt street An attractive pro gramme for’the musical part of the entertainment has been provided, in the performance of which several of our best known vocalists will assist. The annual tea party of the Christ Church Sunday Schools was held on Friday evening in the school-; house, Lydiard street; about 200 scholars partaking of an abundant supply of refreshments arid spending a very enjoyable evening. 'After tea about' 50 rewards were distributed to the most meritorious .scholars by the-Rev. John Pottor, assisted by the superintendent, Mr H. N. .Harrison. During the evening. Mr Potter delivered an address; the remainder of the evening being occupied by a;muMcM aind literary entertain ment, in whiohdhe Rev! John Potter, Me Nash, and Mr Harrison took'part. About, ninhoblock the proceed ings were'brought to a close .by singing the evening ■hymn, a verse of the National Anthem, and by the Rev. J. Potter offering up prayer* .' : i A meeting of; ratepayers of . the south riding o£Bal -iaratshire. Will .take place ; 'on Monday; next, at the Two Bridges hotel,.Burrumbe : et. A meeting o£ ratepayers in the Shire of Ballarat will take place at the shire-hall, Learmonth, on Mon day next at three.o’clock.,.. , .. Anniversary sermons will be preached morning and evening at St. Peter’s Church on Sunday, by the 11-V- C. T. Perks, and on Monday at. the Assembly-hall, Sturt street, will be held a tea meeting and concert, the Ven. Archdeacon Stretch in the chair. 1 ; We are requested to ‘call attention-to-the bazaar, in aid of St. John’s parsonage, which will be held on the 23rd instant. We believe that there will be a novel feature introduced into it—a number of prizes will be distributed, in addition to those usually given, at the end, among, those who have taken tickets. The Rev. A. W. Grant will preaoh in the Baptist Chapel on Sunday. In our Saturday’s issue_ we mis takenly mentioned this gentleman in connection with the Congregational Church. . A-large collection o£ the'most valuable gifts still remain on hand at the Wesleyan school-room, and will besold this afternoon and evening' at greatly reduced prices. . The football match with the volunteers has been postponed from the 10th to-’ the ,*l7th instant, as the volunteers Could not be got together in time. A scratch match will be played instead on the Oval to day, at half-past two p.m. Sides, will be chosen by the captain and vice-captain. Volunteers intending to take part in the match on the 17th instant are re quested to attend to practice. , A pigeon; shooting- match, was on Friday held at Hilton’s Two Bridges hotel, 15 birds each, for £2O a-side. - The following is - the score:—Qoudle, 0 011 01 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1—8; "Fox, 0 0 10 11 11010 0 Oil—B. The tie is\to'be decided on some other day. After the match two sweepstakes were shot, in which the winners were Messrs Fox, and Traverton. There was a moderately good attendance at the Mechanics’lnstitute last night, when the Devoti and Contini concert was repeated. There -will bo another performance to-night at “ million” prices. 