j Cfte (Empire* TUESDAY, OOTOBER 17, 1871. Tn~E reflections with whioh' the Press of the United Kingdom abounds, on tho tendenoies of recent European events and of tho political movements occurring in the British Isles, bear witness to a vast agitation, stirring to their foundations the traditional opinions of men. Many events conspire to the same ond,-the growing determination to test the claims of all that has been exalted to a position of authority or ' veneration. The extreme Conservatives blindly reproach tho men of most searching thought and moet decisive action with opening the floodgates for tho overwhelming irruption of the dangers whioh these thinkers aro, in truth, taking the most effectual means to avert. Blackwood's Magazine for July, in nn article on " The Minister, the House, and the Country," thus speaks of the most dreaded of European political phenomena :-" Mean- while there is rising up in our midst a power of which it is the height of folly to speak of as if there wero nothing formidable about it nothing at all events which could call for immediate action on the part of the Executive. The Internationale, which six months ago had its head quarters in Paris, has either transferred thom, or is about to do so, to Lon don. Its manifostoc3 iudioato no dimi- nution of confidence in the ultimato success of its plans. Into its hands trades' unions, democratic clubs, work- ing-mon's associations, and a thousand societies besides, are playing. Nor are there wanting those'above the condition of working- men, who give it their countenance,-some- times, as it would appear, without being aware of the issue to which they are contributing. A better fellow than Tom Hughes, a more P ? ' \ kindly Tom Brown the schoolboy, i cathed. He would not injure a -fly ; i,l benefit the entire race,-not human Lat animal, if he could. Yet Tom linties is doing more by his extravagant flattery to spoil the workingman, and throw him into the arms of tho Inter. nntionalo, than ho is aware oF. As to Professors Fawcett , and Beesley; if they be not already members of that great Cosmo- politan Club, there can be little doubt that Constrained tO JJinuú'iucijuecxtca "tK*i¿ mrUL. \n it. Now this, and much more, either is known or ought to be known by the Government and they take1 no stops to 'counteract it." ' In tho ! same magazine, a writer, oritioising Mr. Mill's ideas on land legislation, says :_" This is an age of ideas; not indeed of ideas acquiredof new,.truthswon, exeept..in Sciorioo j "Bul"of idensäpplied,ôf tho leverage of - ideas . . ' . . One hoars on every side the wrench and tho oraok with_ which institutions oooval with the origin of sooiety snap asunder under the force of a general idea." If such he tho special ohnraotor of tho presentage, it must be more than evnr the duty of the guides of publio opinion to give all consideration to the men who propound true ideas. If institutions which havo been maintained and honoured for centuries cannot resist the foroe of revolu- tionary and unsound ideas, vre ought all to hasten forward, by every means in our power,, tho establishment of political and. social organizations upon ideas that will justify and sustain them. If the idea1* propogatcd by the Internationale contain the elements of storms that will shortly assail thc institutions on which the maintenance of civilization is bol io ved to de- pend; it is a matter of urgent necessity to prepare for those storms by a speedy but well considered correction of all in our institutions that is found unfitted to bear the test of true principles. For this reason we look on such men as John Stuart Mill, Thomas Hughes, and Professor Fawcett as those of whom our ago has most need. Thc writer in Blackwood, on the other hand, while referring to thoso signs of the times that prove the need of thc recurrence to tho ' fundamental principles of ethics and eoonomy, raises a cry of. alarm against these men. He concludes his article on .Mr. Mill's Land policy thus .-"Is not Mr. Mill; however nnconsciously, introducing into England tho theories and the practices of the Communists and , Socialists of France, by omploying ; the great powers of his subtile mind io brine every institution into question,-to suggest notions...-which- undormine' all stability, all i confidence, , ond, to . implant in the i minds ' of the ' working otases the j idea;thatjall property 'is'fhçld in jjdéiiasisoj of i their rights, fond 'tbat; Proudhon only stated j truth, when-h'e pronónñced'tiíat La propriété., c'est lé-eól (property is ttioft) ?" ü í jl 1'' Thoso Vf ho aro acquainted V^b the ideas put forward by Mr. Mill 'on tuc nature of property in land, need not to be told that this is a g'0S3 misrepresentation. We quote tho words of the Beviewor, only for the sake of j ahnwinr/ how blindlv and nassionatelv I Toryism would meet' the dreaded crisis iM><ny illustrations- might be cited of the faa*, that the minds of poli ioil observers in England and in Europe are pervaded by the. impression that everything which has come down to us with traditional authority must be subjected to a te vero trial, and must before long either show a-valid raison d'etre (a reason for being allowed to oxist) or retire from tho midst of the aotual working forces of the ago. The most savage instanoo of this im- pression in recent literature is an ortiole in the Saturday Review, coolly examining into the prevailing estimate of human Hie, and arguing .that, since' human beings are ovei> abundant in th;ae days, the anxiety and labour called into exercise for the-'breservation ofithe feeble are somewhai^^ïçe'ssrve'.- ^rho Satur-, 'day Review would, demand of sickly children and helpless patients their raison - d'etre before calling on humanity to take all possible means of keeping them iaUYß.'".^rAf|er::this, we need not be surprised that some politiöians~shoüld~ think it right to ask why the House of Lords should continue toj^existy^nd-thatr11 others-should oall in question the propriety of maintaining the Act ofoUnion in opposition to tho vehement desire for " Home Rule" in Ireland., 'Some will of course look on the approaoh, one might now say the. arrival,-of sifting Itimes, with more apprehension than others. In all] considerate minds hope and anxiety must in some proportion be conjoined. But whether thç confident expectation of advancement in j ns tice, peace, and good-will, or the dread of now calamities, be predominant : every one who marks the momentous power of ideas oyo? old habits ought to take to heart the undeniable conclusion that the stability of social institu- tions can only be secured by their conformity with true' ideas. It ia vain to forbid men to call in question the claims of the institutions under which they have lived.' The only wise and1 safo1 policy is to make, men acquainted .with''.f, the trite ' principles oh which human associations for mutual safety and advancement are founded. Nothing is so dangerous as fear. Nothing is so likely to. imperil institutions thdt; j^are; ;. essential ' ,.to (.civilization as the j ^warnings ..' of /those ;;whó" denounce tho bringing of insti ntions'into question, the suggesting of notions, the'- awakoning of inquiry^-'-Th'è'éô:falstP'alarms"afe'mosfc: mis- chievous,^'forï1 after all, society does not rest on fictitious foundations. With more or less faithfulness, the institutions of all nations have been dorived from Nature and the Divino Law. Thoso who say, in effect, of their national institutions : Touch them not,. lest you cause them to totter and fall, bolie their country and their fathers. Far wiser and nobler are they who, testing these institutions fairly by the principles on which they are founded, show at once their defects and their essential truth. And now, amid the tumult of inconsiderate eagerness for change, and of groundless apprehension, it is moro than ever incumbent on every man who would fulfil his part truly and well, to look not only on the ' authority whioh custom has gained for the.various parts pf the social sys- tem;, in which he lives, but on the great ethical principles from which all , rights and duties derive their force. SUPREME Coom, ~ Business To-Day.--Master's Offioe.-At 10.30 : Malcolm and others v Harris and others, to settle Stamp duty aooounts. At ll o.m. : Hosking v MItoheU (2290), adjourned evidence. STONEY INTTRKABT.-Report 'for the . week ending 16th: October, 1871 : Admitted 26 malea, 8 females, total 34 ; discharged 22 males, 4. females, total 26 ; died S males,.1 female,, total - 6 ; remaining in house, 148, males, 7.8 females, total 226. Subscriptions, leo., received, L32 8s. MUNICIPAL.-The by-laws of tho Borough of 'Willoughby North were published, yesterday evening, in a supplement to the Government Gazette. There was also published a petition from the inhabitants of Tass.' praying that their distrlot may be constituted a Municipality. Orrr OMNIBUS TRAFFIO.-The May or and Aldermen oommenced the inspection of city omnibuses, ¿to., yes -rr- . - - -v*'"t> - '.'--?-'-J--«nixusnf.lv, more than ordinary circumspection. It ls, timi of oro, probable that inferior conveyances will shortly dis- appear from the lines. Messrs. Hoyt and Oo. com- menced to run yesterday, and a resolution is on the Council paper for consideration to-day, appointing the fresh stands/&a;, for tho above lino of the Sydney Omnibus Company. CnioKET.-Ashfield Crioket Olnbv. Victoria House Cricket Club.-A match was played between tho above clubs ;on Saturday last, at the Ashfield Cricket Ground, resulting in a viotory to the Victoria House Cricket Clnb,! with twelve runs and one wicket to spare. Score : Ashfield, first innings, SI runs, of whioh Mr. S. Heifer contributed eighteen ; Victoria' House, first innings,-63 for ten wickets, of whioh Mr. Gorman con- tributed twenty-five. "NBW MAPS.-Within tho lost few days, tho first of a series of atlases of tho settled oounties of this colony has been published by Messrs. Baach and Co., and they are likely to come into very great use not so mnah on account of the. low figure (ls each) at whioh they aro offered, but for the useful information which they afford, and the .very excellent manner in which they aro executed. The first published is an atlas of the county.of.C.umbflrland,.to_.whioh. is. appended a large amount of useful Information respecting the ¿i-ltural features, ¿co., of the county; and should the character of succeeding issues of the series be kept up, they will prove Invaluable In the counting-house and tho library, as well aa to the traveller. FIBE.-At a few minutes before 10 o'olook last even- ing a report reached No. 2 Volunteer Fire Station that a fire had broken out in the drapery establishment of Messrs. Thompson and Giles. The members of the company at once took out their engine and hurried to the spot, but, fortunately, their services were not re- quired further than one of ? the members having te quench with a .hand-pump the fire which , had caught the chimney. PEAK DOWNS.-The local journal "says that about 600 men are now employed at the Peak Downs Copper Mine, in addition to whom about 100 miners are j expected"to' be~set to" work-within- tho-noxt-few montho.', Tho consumption' of wood for smelting pur- pose« ia necessarily, very great, and at present some little difficulty is experienced in procuring a auffioient quantity. Owing to the increased distance from which the firewood has to bo brought, a higher price' is paid for it now than waa formerly .the oase. i j" . " PHENOMENON.-An Imposing spectacle- waa witnessed at Hobart Town, a few minutes after 10 o'clock on the evening of the 12th instant, when a most remarkable phenomenon made its appearance in tho heavens. The stars'were twinkling brightly above a lingo bank of dark cloud in tho south-westorn horizon, when suddenly from'behind the sable mass emerged an immense meteor, travelling towards the north-east, dissipating the darkness, and illuminating the [entire heavens. Ie remained above tho horizon for several seconds, when lt hurst into innumerable brilliant fragments. ANOTHER, BncTAl, M CUD En nr THE BLACKS.-Sub- inspector Fitzgerald (says 'the . Ravenswood Miner) brinn word of tho murder - pf Mr.. Sydney Davis' brother and a!stockman on Bowen Downs .Station. Tho murderers wore led, by a boy well- known in the neighbourhood by tho name of " Alligator." . A Btook man stationed somo distance from the scorio of the butchery was also " stuck up" by tho same party, but he succeeded in making a gallant and successful resist- ance, leaving tho dreaded "Alligator" fortunately amongst tho slain. ¡ ¡ . ? SNAKE ADVENTURE.- On Monday, tho 16th, aa Mr. Alfred Bell was proceeding across tho bnsh near the ! pit at WalUond, and alose to Mr. Wilson's house he observed (says tho correspondent of the Pilot) a largo black snake by tho water's edge. Mr. Boll determined to kill the reptile, and for this purpose alighted from his horse, and having scoured a good sapling turned to attack tho snako ; but it toole the offensivo, and made a dart at Boll, who sprang lightly in tho air. Tho snake pursued Bell, who had to make ono or two good jumps to escape tho reptile. At last a well-directed blow brought it to bay,' and lt was soon despatched. A Kaw SAFB.- A safo is being exhibited at the Ohonnol Island Exhibitions, which, from tho descrip- tion of. it in tho newspapers, is likely to provo a rather hard nut for clever thieves to crack. It ia a " revolv- ing safe," and is constructed in such a manner that when the key is turned tho safe revolves, and tho front is turned to tho waU, tho back facing tho spectator. Tho process of turning the safe is most ingénions, and whilo it is in motion the machinery rings a loud alarm. The interior is very complicated, each department being in reality a safe within a safe. ATTEMPTED POISONING,-Ah Lee (a Chinaman) wai oharged, before the Burrowa rolioe-oourt ort Tuesday, the 10th instant, with having attempted to procure the death of a number of persons by administering poison. Ah Sing deposed : I am in the employ of Mr. Hume! at Castlestead. On Sunday last I assisted the .cook* he , was.,;bu>yv :', On "that jlay I, mixed up a bread ano\ egg pudding, iri¡ which^'Lpiüy.'put sugar, milk, and .water. I obtained the wat er.f rora a cask outside tho hst. .. I left " the pudding on the table, y for the cook to put in the camp oveu. The pudding was .mixed in an iron diBh. After doing this, I then wont to the hut, and shortly afterwards saw prisoner enter the, hut I. whare I had left the pudding, but did not observe him doing any thing, to it. He atayod in the hut about haJf an-honr, and then came to the hut where I was. But I don't speak to him. He then returned to the hat where the pudding waa. Thomas Venables, ** Jack," the cook, and myself sat down to dinner. We all par- took of the pudding, excepting Jaok, who refused, say- ing that he did not care about any. I felt sick about fi va! minutes after eating of the pudding. The dish in which the pudding waa mixed was never used] in the I yard for any purpose. Did not observe anything peculiar about the taste of the pudding while eating it. I The whole of the pudding was eaten. Evidence of guilt not, being conclusive, the accused waa'discharged. Burrowa Advocate. . BURSTING or A .STEAMER'S BOILER-An official inquiry into the boiler acoident on board the »teamer Murrumbidgee, by whioh it is «opposed the engineer Ware lost his life, wai held at Deniliquin on the 10th instant, before Messrs. Langford, Willock, and Patter son} members of the looal Steam Navigation Board. One of the firemen deposed that he was onboard the Murrumbidgee on Tuesday, the 5th September. Saw the' deceased; '.Robert Ware, about 6 o'olook In the evening.. He (witness) had his foot on the plank, going down into the stoke-hole to relieve Ware, when the bolt drew from the weight attached to the lever bf the safety-valve. A great escape of steam and water ensued, so that for a few. minutes nothing could bo seen. Called Ware twice, but got no answer, and had not since seen him. Went down and "put out the. fire to save the boiler, and it was then that he ' discovered that the weight had dropped from, the lever of the Bafety-valve, Witness had^charge of the engine till 12 o'olook, and waa just coming on again at six when the acoident oocurred. The vessel had only a short time started from the mills of Messrs. Blair and M'Growther, and at the time of startirig^èvery thing was right. There was 75 lbs steam on at the time of the accident, none blowing off. The valve-weight was supposed to bo 84 lbs weight. He had j never seen the engineer or the captain interfere" with the valves. There were boxes over them, whioh wore, looked, ; and these were blown off at the time of tho accident. The captain kept the key. The captain had [ not, In his hearing, given any instructions to increase steam. Tho engineer was perfectly sober. He could not account for tho accident to tho engineer. At the time it was impossible to hear anything. He had been sixteen months on board the vessel, and he never knew tho bolt to drop out before. Other evidonoe was given, and the Court exonerated Captain Browoa from all blame.-Riverino Advertiser. A Hion GHOHOH VIEW OP DISSENT.-Tho following la an extraot from a book entitled " Some Questions of tho Church Catechism and the Doctrines involved, briefly explained for the UBB of Families and Parochial Schools,", by .the- Rev.. Frederio Anhalt Grace, M.A., Vicar of Great Bailing, Essex :-" Q. Wo have amongst us various sects and denominations who go by the name of Dissenters. In what light are Wo to con- sider them ? A. As heretios ; and in our litany we expressly pray to be- delivered from the sins of falso doctrine, heresy, and schism. Q. Is then their worship a laudable service ? A. No. Because they worship God', according to their own evil and corrupt imagina- tions, and not .aooording to His revealed will, and therefore their worship is idolatrous. Q. Is dissent a great sin ? A. Ves. It is in direct opposition to our duty towards God. Q. But do we not find among them ceptionable character in a moral point of view, but they are not holy men. Q. "Wherein consists tho difference between a moral man and a holy man ? A. A moral man is one who acts from the impulses of education, position in.society, and other* worldly prin- ciples ; a holy man is one who docs good work by tho divine aid of thé Holy Ghost, duly using the means of grace. Q. Why have not Dissenters been excommu- nicated? A. Because tho law of the land does not allow that'wholesome law of tho Church to be acted upon ; but Dissenters have excommunicated them- selves by setting; up a religion of their own and leaving the ark of God's Church. Q. What olass of Dissenters should we be most on our guard against? A. Those who Imitate most nearly the true Churoh of Christ. Q.' But .aro there not .Dissenters who uso the same form, of prayer as ourselves ? A. Doubtless ; but tho prayers of the Church being for the most part from tho firiest to offer up in behalf of the people, t must be sinful and oresuniDtuoua_ touchers to address the throne of grace,. usurping the priestly office. Q. Is it wicked then to enter a meeting-honse at all ? A. Most assuredly ; because, aa was said above, it is a house where God is worshipped otherwise than He has commanded, and therefore it is not consecrated to His honour and glory ; and,'besides, wo run the risk of being led away by wioked, entioing words ; at the same time by pur presence we are wit- nessing onr approval of their heresy, wounding tho con- sciences of our weakor brethren, and by our example A. Many doubtless aro of unex teaching others to go astray.' THE PRINCE OP 'WALES OPERA HOOBB.-Yesterday evening Donizetti's opera " La Favorita " was produced to a good audience. We are plnased to observe a sensible improvement in the attendance at tbe Opera House, and, if it continue, the management may reasonably hope to find their efforts not altogether unrequited. The argument of " La Favorite, " hinges upon the adventures of Fernand, a young novice who, smitten by the charms of Leonora, the favourite of Don Alfonzo, King of Castile, abandons his monastery and becomes a warrior for tho love of the lady of whose true position at the Court he is unaware. Becoming general of the king's forces he is despatched against the, hostile troops of Grenada and Morocco, and having vanquished them ' returns to Seville, where the King gives him patents of nobility. But during Fenland's absence the monarch has become aware of the passion entertained by tho former for and requited by Leonora, The thunders of tho Ohuroh are launched at Alfonzo by the ecclesiastics for deserting his queen, and openly maintaining Leo- nora as his mistress ; and he ls induced to bestow the lady in marriage,upon bis new favourite, Fernand. Leonora, however^ nobly determines never to csponBe her lover without causing him to understand her real oharacter and position. Bhe accordingly despatches Inez, her" attendant; * wi tb'a letter tb Fernand but the messenger is detained, and the missive never reaches its destination. The effeot of this is, that Fernand, still in ignorance, marries Leonora, and Immediately after the wedding an éclaircissement ensues, when, maddened by the taunts of the nobles, and his realiza- tion of his own dishonour, - Fernand tears from his neck the decorations bestowed upon him by the 'King,' and openly insults and defies the latter. From the regal vengeance he is saved, however, by his old ecclesiastical preceptor Balthazar, who returns with him to the monastry where Fernand takes the final vows, j Leonora, ' heartbroken,' follows him, convinces him of her innocence in regard to the wedding, and fhn fcwñln. mtnclinir tears and caresses, eznire'in one another's arms-after the fashion of true lovers at the termination of a tragic piece. Bignora Marghorita Zenoni sustained the loading role .'Leonora," with her accustomed sncoess. She ia Indeed slowly but suroly winning in favour with the public ; her pure and exquisitely modulated voice, not less than her expressive acting, gaining for her the admiration of tho patrons of the Lyric drama. . AB a tragic artitte she is indeed _ entitled to high rank ; and all her impersonations _ show a true originality of conception, a realization of the po- sitions, and tho power to express that realization. In the beautiful duett with Alfonso in tho seoond act she was very successful, and her rendering of "Door Fernand," in the third aot, was lavishly applauded.' Hor Interpretation of the passionate strains of the closing Bcene of the opera was also in oxcellent tasto. Signor Zenarri aa Fernanda gave an admirable render- ing of'the part. Signor Goliva sustained tho role ot Don Alfonzo, a sufficiently arduous one, but ho sue-, ceeded in acquitting himself very much tb the satisfac- tion of the audience. Signor Dondi was dignified and Wrx- nuion in his internrotation of Balthazar. ino smau parts of ¿Jon Gasper and Inez were ably filled by Signor Benso and Signora Tournerio, At tho oloao of each not, tho principal artittti were recalled boforo tho onrtain to receive the plaudits of tho audionce. Tho chorus were rather unsteady at times, but considering all things, they acquitted them* selves well : nor waa there much left to bo desired in the orchestral rendering. Tho acoaio effects, which have of late been greatly improved, included a really pretty viow depicting ornamental gardens by the 'banks' of a river. \ ** La Favorita" will doubtless be ropeated before tho cloie of tho present season, and it will be seen i muoh moro to advantage upon a second impersonation when many little dofeota of stage management may be remedied and tho voice of Signor tho suggesitoro not bo heard so frequently. When within easy reach of a market, by far the most profitable branch of pig raising and breeding is to get the pig fat at from three to fivo months old, and sell them for fresh pork. If of a good breed they will be fat enough at that age. Consumers don't want bone or rind a quarter of an inoh thick, hut sweet, tender, juioy meat ; and it costs Ino more to produce it than rind and bristles. 