DBSCBIPI$DN or A TURKISH BATH. In the first place die bather js shown into a large room on the second floor, mostly occupied by couches, but having at the fartherenda row of small closets. The attendant puts iuto his hand a sheet and a canvas apron, very, much die size and pattern of those worn' by Freemasons and Oddfellows on gala daj'iT'ahd "important occasions, and shows him into one of these cells, where there is* just room- for a moderate-sized man to undress. Having 'performed this operation, tied oil the ajjron, wrapped the sheet around him afterthe irojfir that ghosts are said to do, and put oil a paf^of slippers, he is conducted down staire info a little, dark room that smells warm and vapoury, but not disagreeably so. The sheet and slippers are left at die door, and then the process of badiing commences. First the attendant reaches forth an apparatus like die "rose" of an enormous watering tin used by gardeners, which is counected to the wall byan indiarubber tube, a tap is turned and you are " watered " from head to foot with luke-wann water, which feels very nice and agreeable.. After a couple of miuutes or so the attendant gives you a turkish towel to carry in your hand, and a pair of wooden clogs in which you stick your feet, and he then leads you iuto another room, which you at ouce perceive is decidedly warmer than the firstone, to say the least of it. After the first "sniff," however, it is not uncomfortable, providing you keep your feet safely and firmly in the clogs, put the towel under you when you sit down, and Like care diat no part of your bare flesh touches anything—if it does you are aware of the fact in a moment, and feel an almost irresistible iinpulse to indulge in strong language. A bencliruns round three sides of the room, and on this you take your seal, and if thirsty at all, or perspiration does not commence at once, you drink of cold water. Before you have been in the room many minutes, however, you are certain to break out iuto a most profuse perspiration, after which } r ou feel so particularly cool and easy that you are astounded on looking at the thermometer hanging on the wall, to see it stand at 150 degrees, and make up your mind at once, that it could be raised another 50 degrees or so without "any inconvenience. There is a wooden lounge somediing jii the shape of an enormous lotter "N," wlmvthe feet pulled out very wide, on the floor 4Sti%ne side of the room. Taking your towels; alid carefully arranging in on this-lounge, royp to shield you from touching the bare woo'dinauy part, you lie down for ten minutes or a quarter ofanliourin a most blissful state of composure, thinking about nothing in particular, and contemplating with much complacency the huge besds of perspiration that are bursting out from every pore and saturating die towel under you. At lengdi die attendant comes in and takes you back again to the room you first entered, lays you on a broad bench at full stretch, and commences kneading you all over; rubs his knuckles down your spine, down your arms, legs, and chest; pulls your arms until die}' crack; and, in fact, makes very free with you altogether; but having a soft hand and a deft manipulation there is nothing about the process which is in die slightest degree painful. After that he gives you a very smart rubbing all over with the palms of his hands. Then he produces a pair of flesh brushes and soap, and repeats the rubbing widi increased vigor, until you are enveloped in a diick while lather as though you were one enormous chin about to be operated on by the barber. Then the "rose" is brought again into play, and lather quickly disappears in a shower of warm water. After that you get off die bench and stand in a place pointed out by the attendant who turns a handle, and down come;a deluge of beautifully cold water, which you enjoy amazingly for a few minutes. Youthen step out, dry yourself with a towel, resume your slippers and sheet, walk up stairs and lie down on one of the couches for half an hour or so, and then dress, feeling a new man altogedier, and convinced, from the appearance' of your skin, that you arc cleaner dian you ever remember to have seen yourself before. All lassitude has left you, even the " prickly heat" has disappeared under that rubbing and brushing and soaping, and as you walk out into die OJJCII -air, the weadicr seems to have got decidedly cooler during the hour and a half you have spent in the establishment. A " bad cold," rheumatics, orauy a (feet ion of that kind, must be very" bad" indeed if it is not driven away at the first badi, while die most obstinate cannot hold out against many, provided they are taken mediodically. EVENING HOURS.—"What,' says the North of Scotland Gazette, in 'an article in favor of the closing of shops, " what have evening hours done for mechanics who had only ten hours' toil ? What in the moral, what in the religious, what in the scientific world ? Hearken to these facts! One of the best editors die Westminster Review could ever boast, and one of the most brilliant'writers of die passing hour, wai a cooper in Aberdeen. One of theeditors I of n London daily journal was a baker in Elgin ; perhaps the best reporter 011 the Times was a weaver in Edinburgh ; the editor of the Witness was a stonemason. One of the ablest ministers in London was blacksmidi in Dundee ; anodierwas a watchmaker in Banff; die late Dr. Milne of China was a herd-boy in Rhvnie; the Principal of the London Missionary Society's College at Hong Kong, was a saddler at Hundo; and one of the best missionaries that ever went to India, was a tailor in Keith. The leading machinist on the London and Birmingham Railway, with nSjoo a-ycar, was a mechanic in Glasgow;* and perhaps the richest irontounder in England was a working man in Moray. Sir James Clarke, herMajcst y's physician, was a druggist in Banff". JoScpli Hume was a sailoi first, and then a labofer at pestle and mortar in Montrose. Mr. Mrfcgregor, the member for Glasgow, was a post boy in Ross-shire; James Wilson, the member tor Westbury, was n ploughman in Haddington ; and Arthur Anderson, I be member for Orkney, earned his broad by the sweat of his brow in ti e Ultima Tliule." 