YE CHRONICLES OF YE KUSTYMS. CHAPTER III. And after these things it came to pass that the mighty Lord of the Shekel Chamber, the farinaceous merchant, even he who in these ye halcyon days of Mudonia revels in the reputation of unnumbered shekels; 2\. Yea even he of whom ye Inspector of Wates said TEKEL, which being interpreted is, Thou art weighed in the balances and art found warning; 3\. Even this man stood forth upon his castled crag and blew a trumpet, and shouted unto Jaydoubleyouell, saying, Jaydoubleyouell, Oo-or Ho-ooo-e! come hither, my lion-like Amasser. 4\. And Jaydoubleyouell heard the blast and trembled, and said unto his kinsman, Behold now, Pig, prepare my Gig, and let us speedily to my Lord of Farina Hall; 5\. And hearken unto me, let thy driving be as the driving of Jehu, even as one who driveth furiously. 6\. And Pig said, Yea, and gat him to the Gig. 7\. Now, when Jayboudleyouell came into the presence of the Shekel Master, it came to pass that he fell on his face and humbled himself, 8\. And said, Lo, thy servant. 9\. This, when the Chronicler beheld, he said within himself, Verily thy affections are easily transferred from Hues to this man. 10\. And the Shekel Master said, See now to this, O Jaydoubleyouell; behold the Shekels ooze from the palms of my hands; verily Siques and his fraternity cause them to vanish. 11\. (Now Siques was the Steward of Solomon the urbane gentleman of Judah.) 12\. And they laid their heads together, and the Shekel Master conceived an idea and said, Let us now appoint three lokkurs to our Strongholds ; 13\. And it shall come to pass that ye Merchants who have the privilege of keeping strongholds shall not deliver aught to any one without our mandate to ye Lokkurs. 14>. And Jaydoubleyouell said, My Lord has Baid it. 15\. But behold it did not work. So the merchants gat themselves to Jaydoubleyonell and said, See now this iniquity under the sun; behold, it is all vanity! One half score of strongholds, and only three venerable and veteran lokkurs ! 16\. Behold, this will not do; lo, our traffic in purple linen, and fine gold, and spices, and precious stones is greatly impeded, 17\. For thy Lokkurs are not any more «a brisk and festive youths, neither are they ubiquitous. Verily tliey cannot he in two places at one time. 16\. Truly thy servants oft.tiincs hunt and chase these portly gentlemen from pillar to post; but lo, they are not to he caught. 19\. Give us more lokkurs! do not thy servants pay their fifty shekels of gold for each and every of the half-score of strongholds ? 20\. And their cry went up grievously throughout the laud, and when the Chronicler heard it he sinote the stubborn soil with his staff and said, Verily ye have hard lines. 21\. And after these thinp6 it came to pass that a company of ships floated to these shores, 22\. And ye merchants flocked to the Strand and trod a measure, singing as ihey danced, Verily is not the gale redolent of myrrh, and frankincense, and cassia, 23\. And of all pleasant spices, and costly garments; and will we not swiftly slip our papyrus scrolls through Ye Kustyms ? yea, even the scrolls that set forth i he value of our rare and costly wares. 24\. And will we not cheerfully pay the shekels which Jaydoubleyouell and his minions shall demand of us ? 25\. Ye;i, verily we will. 26\. But when, as it liapt on the sixth day of the week, they came into the Portals of the Palace of Jaydoubleyouell to pass their scrolls, lo, there was no one to pass them ! 27\. And Mickey the Teuton sped to the Amasser and cried, Behold now, here are we thy servants with shekels without number, and with these our scrolls for expeditious supervision, and lo, thy staff is insufficient to minister unto us. "28. And Jaydoubleyouell, being in much tribulation by reason of the simultaneous onslaughts of ye Merchants on all sides said, 29\. Sanguinary Teuton, we will extend the hours for your passing the scrolls. 30\. But Mickey said, Yea, my lord; but would it not be better that Phergie, surname!! Judas, did some of this work in hours, rather than swell about the Wharf like a splenetic turkey cock ? 31\. And Jaydoubleyouell said, Peradventure it would. 32\. And Jaydoubleyouell sent to the City of the Dowager for Smashtimber the dunned, and wrung his'hands, and said, Oh, that I were up in a balloon ! and gat him to his habitation by the sea. 33\. And the Chronicler pondered on these things and said, Truly, Jaydoubleyouell, thou art not a bad fellow, but verily somewhat an indifferent official protector. v ZEnd of Chapter III."} THE WEEK—We have had two concerts during the week down here. There was a very evident improvement in the get up, &c.;, in both the companies that acted. Our unmannerly and Gothlike gods were, strange to say, quiet during the Hamlet scene, where our festive friend the ghost appears in blue tarletan, to the great alarm of the peripatetic prince, who forthwith flies into a furious fluster of phrensy and culminates in re ridiculus mus scene. Smith's acting, however, «u u usuil, good; and die pianist played widi much success. The lieroes of Cndier and Splasher, who kindly came from town to act in aid of die hitherto neglected Institute llerc, were Rood, and jolly, anil acted well, simply because Uiey did everything naturally. We tiad a peep at die Adelaide floral, and cereal, &c.;, show on Thursday, and derived considerable comfort therefrom. In one corner we discovered what we at first mistook for varied dusters of flowering verbena, but which, however, on closer inspection turned out to be poodles. They had been dyed at die establishment of the enterprising firm of Tapley and Lowry, Gawler Place, and although in dieir puce and eea- green garments they slightly violated nature, yet they were, on the whole, a very pretty specimen of dyers' or divers colors. 