OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) .Adelaide, June 2^ 1871. Sir Oracle of the Crbwn Lands 6ffloo has oped his mouth respecting improve ments on squatters' runs, and oracle like, has confounded confusion moBt success fully. The squatters had certain griev ances to oomplain of, and they repre sented thorn .to the'Honorable Arthur. They pointed out that it was not desirable in surveying runs to purposely leave such fences as had been erected to bisect tlie new fenoes; that it was not strictly just and equal for the Government to exaot from tlie agricultural settler the value of fenoes put up by the squatter and not allow the squatter anything out of tho. Eroceeds of the exaotion, to recompense im for his expanse and trouble; and finally, that it was wearisome and unjust for the pastoral tenants to have to wait for the portion falling to them in respect to improvements upon resumed lands until the Government saw fit to sell and the publio to buy said lands. The Honor able Arthur, with great benignity, talked this subjeot over with the representatives of the squatters, damped them down into expecting little, and wound up by% pro raising that the Cabinet would bring to bear on the subject the full force of its profound sagaoity. Afraid, however, to trust himself to report the claim ;to his colleagues, he asked, the deputation to state their points in writing. The depu. tation withdrew admiring ttie urbanity and gra ideur of the man,,and a day or two later forwarded tho required docu ment, Day succeeded day and no reply i was roeeived. The august Commissioner I was importuned to relieve the suspense of the pastoral lessees, and ultimately, after exhausting the patience o^ his petitioners, and the law of the legal advisors of the Crown, and the, wisdom of the Cabinet, ho through his amanuensis, tho exquisite Samuel Deoring, broke silence and uttered the remarkable words, "No reply can be given which will have the effect of gov erning the subject generally, but each case must be considered and decided ' upon in connection with the regulations existing ufe the. timo when the land wa» resumed, the time the improvements wqro made, &o;" &o.;" Only fancy a month > spent in harassing the impatient squatters, racking the brains of the erudite Crown lawyers, disturbing tho slumbers and painfully disquieting tho awaking hours of the sagacious quintette who responsibly rule the departments, and all ending, not in smoke, but in ** &c.;, &c.;"--all culmi i nating in the startling announcement that tho amount to be paid for improvements depends-firstly, on tho existenoe of the improvements; secondly, on the value of their estimated arbitrament according to any precedent or model that the Govern ment choose to set up; thirdly, on the disposition of tho Commissioner of Crown Lands to put up the land comprising the improvements for sale j fourthly, on the disposition of the publio to buy ; fifthly, on any other rule that the Government think fit to enforce; sixthly, on &e.; and seventhly, on &o.;, &o.; These be thy Gods, 0 Israel! These be the southern | solons to whom we are to pay revenue, | and whose utterances, like the utterances of the distracted Pythoness of oracular memory, are to rule the destinies of tho nation. I hear that the pastoral tenants | are so thorougly satisfied with the reply that they do not intend troubling the Commissioner any more at present. The Philosophers have been unbend ing themselves with a sociable set of caterers for the publio amusement. Nemo semper sapit, and philosophers cannot always be philosophizing about subjects that are impenetrable to themselves and every one else. They must occasionally take a little mundane refreshment in company with the grovelling sons and daughters of earth, TheEleusinian mys teries would have been very tame affairs if there bad not been common people to be puazled; and philosophy, with all its profoundities and sublimities-with all its lofty flights and all its abyssinal re searches,. gets deoidedly slow if there is no one to. be enlightened-no one to cry " wunderscbon" and to admire from afar the towering genius of its disciples. This truth periodically forces itself upon the membors of the Adelaide Philosophical Society, and they thon invite the un ion rned laity to come and feast with them. Still yielding to the ruling passion, they garnished their tables with all mannei; of devices for astounding the innocent. There were instruments for, rending off the signs of the heavens,, and I believe nlso the signs ot the times, for identifying the substances causing the incandescence of the lights and the stars, for pourtraying the majestic monotony with which the heavenly bodies pursue their never-ending employment of revolving in space, and for exhibiting many of the other simple processes of nature with which the philo sophic mind is familiar. These objects of sevprer interest were varied with displays of flowers and ferns and coins and relics of remote antiquity. Altogether there were some half dozen departments,-.each presided over by a philosopher who poured out the treasures of his knowledge upon the admiring crowds of the indooti who had paid for the privilege of ^pending an evening in such exalted society.' Although there were.no appeals'-to the^tistroqomio tastes of the visitors, although iho tables groaned not with the groBS viands of the epicure, the feast of reason an'cl the flow of soul wore enjoyed aimtaingly.' In one room the operations of stereotypy was explained, in another the , speotrum analysis Bhed its softened lighfc and made its ruts strange revelations, and to oloso all there was a. Itocture on eleotrioity with experiments,, which would.. fcavo made tho hair of the spectator stand on end had not the operator and his instrument perversely talcon more time to present, them than tho patience of the public could brook. j The Kailwoy Department is jubilant | over the fact that at length there is a break in the long record of unproductive- ! ness exhibited by the Port Adelaide and, Northern lines. It has just been dis covered that during the first three months of the year the actual profits reached £19 300. This sum would be more than sufficient to nay off tho interest for the period named upon the money spent in constructing the railways in question, but the department does not calculate in that way. It reckons that the profits will pay off the deficiency on the operations of 1870, and leave £2,300 to the good. This is a satisfactory result, which is,to be attributed to the opening of the Northern Extension line, and the good harvest in the north. Mr. Tomkinson, Mr. Parsons, and Shakespere's Ghost have been fighting their triangular dual over Douglas, but the correspondence. exhibits no fresh points of interest. Samuel sneers at John Langdon, the "Ghost" feebly gibbers at Samuel, and then deprecates his wrath by squeaking at John Langdon, who, without deigning to notice the miserable impostor,, speaks very seriously to Samuel, characterizing his gibes , as being beneath contempt, and pities his dearth of taste when he oan find no graver use for sin and misery than to make' them themes ' for smart writing. Here, I suppose the thing will end. The usual editorial intimation has already been given- once, but I suppose the eloquent expostulations of Mr. Tomkin* spn led to its withdrawal. 