NORTHERN NEWS. TJIK Ravenswood Miner reports that late crushingB have turned out exceedingly -Roll, and that mining matters as a whole hare a rcry bright aspect. Mr. Hackett lias laid ont the Kooky Point pro- specting claim, Upper Camp, during the week, and we hear of Beroral protection areas being taken up, some of which look well. Wo hear that Mr. E. 8. Lord has purchased ono full share in No. 1 South Sunset, for £500 cash. The large quantity of stone raised from (his and other claims on the Sunset, since crushing, speaks volumoB as to the remunerativeness of this lino of reof. Mr. W. O. Hill has purchased a quarter share in No. 1 North, Canadian generally known as the policeman's claim-for thc sum of £40 cash. This is equal to £160 per Bbare. The following aro tho reports of th« various crushingR from 1st to 20th January: Lady Marion.-93 tons from the prospecting clnim, Welcome reef, yielded 300 ozs ; 17 tons surface stone (P. Joyce's) yielded 87 ozs. 17 d wts. Vulcan.-28 tons from tho Scotia yielded 38 ozs. or nearly li ozs. to tho ton. 30 tons surface stone from tho Lady Marion prospecting claim yielded 40 oz?. 15 dwts. 10 ton« surface stone (Johu Cullen's) yielded 22 ozs. 16 dirts. 60 tons from No. 2 south. Overlander, yielded 145 oz 14>dvtts. 4 tons from tho West of England, Eight-mile, yielded 30 oz 17 dwts. 4 tons from tho Golden Point, Eight-mile, yieldod 63 oz ld wt. 10 (ons surface (Stable's) from No. 2 south, Sunset, yielded 18 oz IO dwts. 44 tons from the Scotia, prospecting claim, yielded 193 oz. 21 tons, prospecting claim, Bendigo, yioldcd 80 oz 18 dwts, or nearly 4 oz to the ton. 6 tons Napoleon, prospecting claim, returned 13 oz 4 dwt, somowhat orer 2 oz to the ton. 28 tons No. 1 north, Ravenswood, yieldod 43 oz 14dwts, or a little over li oz to the ton. 60 tons Denmark, prospecting claim, gave 126 oz, or a fraction over 21 nz to tho ton. Enterprise.-90 tons of stone from thc pros- pecting claim, Overlander (Hickson and party), yieldod 130 oz, or a fraction over li oz to the ton. 81 tons from the prospecting claim, London reef, yielded 87 oz 2 dwts. Last night the amalgam from 90 tons of quartz from prospecting claim, General Grant, (Borghero and party), was retorted, and gave the magnifi- cent yield of 950, or over 10 & 1/2oz to the ton. Central.-117 (ons from No. 1 north Perse- verance, yielded 263 oz 6 dwts. 177 tons from tho prospecting cluiin, Donnybrook, yielded 265 oz 2 dwts, or slightly over 15 oz to the ton. ViiENriKB JfiCUlNE.-Tim stamping bat- teries of this machino arc till completed, and are of a very substantial description. The con- tractors for thc erodion of this mill, Messrs. Hill and Longstuff, arc nt present encaged laying tho foundation for tho engine. They hare also commenced laying thc labloB. Thc contractor for tbs erection of thc shad, Mr. Fraser, is busily ongaged preparing thc timber. We have seen the plan of tho shod which will bo of » very permanent description. All theworks connected with the erection of this machino aro let by contract, and aro being carried on in a workman- like manner, under tho superintendence of Mr. A. F. Fletcher. It is anticipated by the manager that the mill will be completed, and steam up by tho let of February. ESCAPED PRISONER.—The prisoner Willis, committed for trial for the Morning Light salting case, and also on the charge of having stolen Mr. Henry Bateman's watch, has made his escape while being conveyed to Townsville. It appears that Willis—who, it will be remembered, was shot and wounded by Detective Barry as he was attempting to escape while under Mr. Barry's charge—pretended to be very weak and sick, and had to be carried into the waggon in which he was forwarded from here to Towns- ville. On Wednesday, when the party were camped for the night, near the range, about 20 miles from Ravenswood, he pretended to be very unwell, and persuaded the constable in charge to have him carried to a tree about 30 yards distant from the camp. The constable chained the prisonor to the tree, and removed his handcuffs. In the morning it was found that the chain was filed, and that Willis had taken leg bail and was non est. Sub-Inspector Murray, with some troopers and black trackers, started in pursuit immediately on receipt of the news of the prisoner's escape, but as yet nothing has been heard of him. It is supposed he was assisted by accomplices. The following paragraphs are from the C. E. Express : Some four tons of galena, the property of a Bowen firm, have arrived in Townsville from Ravenswood, consigned to Messrs. S. F. Walker and Co. It is, wo believe, in- tended for shipment to Sydney for tho purpose of assay, lt appears to be very rich, and we are informed that it can be obtained at Ravenswood in hundreds of thousands of tons. There ÍB no doubt that galena will eventually provo to be one of tho moat valuable resources of the district. The quartz-cruflhiug machine imported from New Zealand arrived here on the 10th ultimo, by thc "J. G. Coleson." It ÍB imported by Messrs. Travers and Robson, and is intended for Ravenswood. The machine is one of the most perfect of its kiod, and consists of thirteen head of heavy stampers, to bc drired by a 12 horse- power engine, by Messrs. Marshall and Son, of Gainsborough. A valuable more the property of Mr. Jackos, of Cardwell, was very severely injured on the 14th ultimo, by an alligator. It appears that the mare, which was very fond of visiting the beach, was standing on the edgo of the water on the day named, when she was suddenly attacked by an alligator, who succeeded in reaching her head, from which he torc a great deal of UCBII before she could get away, lt is probable that tho animal will have to bo killed, tho injuries she lias suBtained having been of a very serious nature. A gentleman recently arrived from the Cloncurry and Normanton has furnished us with the following information relative to those places, from which it would appear that the residents there are suffering considerably from the want of sufficient police protection:— " There are now only two constables stationed in the neighbourhood of Normanton, one of whom is at the Native Police Camp, twelve miles away. The Cloncurry has now been opened for two years, and it is only a few weeks ago that two constables were sent there. In consequence of the absence of police protection, Lynch law was prevalent. The population on the gold-field is now estimated at 500 men, and all that us wanted is efficient police protection, and the appointment of a resident commissioner. There is still plenty of water at the old camp, where the sinking ranges from sixteen to twenty five feet. Several new rushes have recently taken place to shallower ground ; but operations are impeded in the absence of rain. A great deal of gold is supposed to be in the hands of the men who have been longest on the ground. There are plenty of rations to last for a considerable period. As regards the administra lion of justice and protection to life and property, there has not been a police magistrate at Normanton since September, 1870, when Mr. Landsborough left off performing official duties. The nearest Justice of the Peace to Normanton is resident about seventy miles from the town- ship ; and the nearest justice of the peace to Cloncurry is distant no less than 230 miles from the gold-field. The Chinese have been hunted from the Cloncurry ; and, for want of police protection at Normanton, the storekeepers do not consider themselves justified in forwarding supplies to that place. Altogether there appears to be every probability that the Government will not take any steps to interfere with the Lord of Misrule in the Gulf country." Some very good sport was experienced on the 11th ultimo, by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in tagging an alligator. Shortly after lunch Mr. Thistlethwayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghan's cottage overlooking the creek, saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank, crawl up, and assume a recumbent position on the mud. An expedition was at once organised with the view of capturing or killing the saurian. Mr. Thistlethwayte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt and were joined by a fisherman who lives on the south bank of the creek. Directed by a person on the north side, they managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without disturbing him, and the fisherman, armed with a shot gun, and Thistlethwayte with a rifle, both fired ; the latter hit him just behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at, and seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and a most exciting struggle took place. The saurian made savage but ineffective attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about the head with sticks until he gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. His outside armour was covered with scars and scratches, as if he had suffered in various combats with his scaly brethren. It was not, therefore, thought worth preserving. The skull is kept by Mr. Thistle- . thwayte as a trophy of his prowess. The body was boiled down by the fisherman, but yielded little more than a pannikin full of oil. It is not often that such a chance is afforded of obtain- ing alligator sport in our creek. The P. D. Times supplies the following : We have been very glad to seo eome agri- cultural specimens brought into town by Mr. G. Pott, viz.. a sample of wheat grown on his farm on the Don, and ono of wheat meal made [ therefrom. The wheat is a highly satisfactory sample, and entirely disproves the fallacy that the climate is not suitable for wheat ; of the soil there can be no doubt whatever. : WE still continue to hear good accounts from Marengo, both with regard to reefing and alluvial. We have seen some capital specimens recently brought in, end hear that another payable reef has boon discovered. The great want IB machinery, and with the small quantity of atone at grass it ia to be feared that no owners of large or even medium-sized machines are likely to put in an appearance for some time to come. What is required to expedite matters is a small machine to test the reefs. If the testing were satisfactory there would be no lack of machinery nor of hands to raise atone to feed the machines. At present there are not much over twenty men steadily at work, including two or three in BCarch of alluvial, and others prospecting.-P. D. Times. Tha^Mercvry reports a public dinner given to Mr. J. E. Davidson on the eve of his departure on a visit to England. The Mayor was in the chair, and about forty gentlemen were present. Tho formal toasts having boon given and re- sponded to, the chairman, after dwelling at some considerable length upon the several gentlemanly qualities of Mr. Davidson, and his ecrvioes to the district in being the first to devote capital, experience, and energy in proving the capa- bilities of Mackay for sugar growing, concluded by calling upon the company to drink the toast of tho evening-"OurGuojt." The toast (ms drank with three cheers. Mr. Davidson, who evidently appeared much affected, replied in suitable terms. (Mr. Davidson reached Rock- hampton yesterday per *' Tinonee.") . Bj Ute "Boomerang," s.s., we Lara Bowen and Townsville papers to the 4th instant, and the Ravenswood Miner to tte 28tb ultimo: The C. B. Express states :- " Tho steamer 'Black Diamond,' which left Townsville on tbe 3rd instant for Bris- bane, took some seventy Kanakas whose period of service had expired, and who are returning borne to tho Islands. These unfortunate victims to tho slave owning oppressors of Queensland looked remarkably fat aud healthy. They pos- sessed large quantities of luggage, con- sisting for the most part of boxes of the best-approved and most handsome manufacture. Their clothing, too, was pretty fair for slaves ; and the quantity of finery of various descriptions which tliey were taking home with them would have been sufficient to stock an ordinary [ sized store. Tbe worst foature of the business, though, was the determination expressed by the majority of these home- ward bound wanderers to renew thoir term of servitude as soon as possible after they had finished their visit to the islands.-The Ravenswood escort, in charge of Mr. Hill, Clerk of Pei'y Sessions on thc gold-field, arrived in {<£m on Monday last, bringing 4220 ounces tho largest amount which has yet arrived in Townsville by n single escort. It was consigned as follows:-3132 ounces, Bank of New South Wales ; 1088 ounces, Joint Stock Bank. The gold was brought down in a spring cart hired for the puf pose, some portions of it being in very large pieces-too large to fit in a pack- saddle. Tho escort returned on Wed- nesday with £500 in signed notes, the property of thc Joint Stock Bank. Tho Ravenswood Miner of the 28th ultimo says tho principal topic of con- versation in mining matters during week has been the splendid yield from the General Grant, and wo do not wonder that it has been much talkdd of and discussed by miners, for there has never been any crushing like it north of Gympie. It is only another proof of tho vast richness of this district. The last crushiug at the Middle Camp went very well, 2, oz. to thc ton, and the stone DOW passing UDder the stampers, and ono or two of the lots to follow, are expected to go still better. Altogether tho mining interest bears a flourishing aspect since tbe commencement of the year ; and the month of January, 1871, must be considered the most prospérons one wo have ever had on Bavenswood. -230 tons from tho General Grant prospecting claim, crushed by tho Enter- prise machine, gave the splendid yield of a fraction over 2000 oz., or nearly 8 J oz. to the ton. ÄoCKiiiMiTOX.-Printed by C. ll. BUZACOTT, sole pro vrletar, st lue Buatm printing otfloe, Deauam stree*, rebmnrr ll. Inn. 