THE SCHEMES OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. LAST night a largo meeting was held In tho Phillip-street Presbyterian church, for the purpose of promoting tho work of tho Presbyterian Church in Uria colony. Among tho audience wero most of the ministers of the Chorea now in Sydney, and several inflneotial laymen. The chair WOB taken by tho Rev. Sr. Geikie, the Moderator, After devotional exercises, The MoDKitATon said thpt wo ha* met to-night for the purposo of considering certain matters1,.' which each speaker cad, no doubt, pondered over, and waa thoroughly con- versant with. At tho first meeting ol''this kind, and ho thought the secend also, (ho speakora httd certain topics assigned to them ; but on tho present occasion that prac tico appeared to havo been departed from, it being loft to them to select their own subjects. There were many points : which the speakers might take np, snch for instance, as the past .history of our .Church, tho benefits of our Church union, the necessity of training a ministry in this colony, our Church Extension Boheme, our Widows' and Orphans fund, and many others. Ho did not consider that it was ,tbe province of a chairman to thrust himself upon a meet- ing, and ho theroforo should abstain from further remarks. . . Tho Rev. «TAMES BONTHOBNE said that he had beon in tho colony only five months, and was not thoreforo well i acquainted with the hiBtory of tho .Church in this colony, He was much cost down at tho first mooting of tho Pres- bytery and Church Extension committees ho attended, on" ; biB arrival here, when he heard so many resignations road end so many complaints of want bf stipends. Things bright- ened np, however, and ho began to think that as thero was a' population thero was a possibility of doing something. Ho was set pretty early to wotk. He had had the privilege of seeing A few congre- gations, and he was struck with tho readiness which tho. peoplo in this colony shewed to hoar tho Word of God. It also struck him that tho way in which young men coming into tho Ministry in this oolony wera placed was very different from that which ho had Been at homo. The plan adopted here had been tried by tho Presbyterian Church in England, and had been given up as.an en tiro failure ; in fact it degenerated into something like clerical patronage, and he trusted that all know that that was nat a very right state of affairs. . Laymen of good faith, moans, and heart were brought in who raised a considerable fund ; but they did not send raw recruits into new fields. Thoy were com- mercial mon, and thoy dealt with tho matter in the light of their own experionco and matured judgment. They gave tho moBt eminent men in the Church what might be called a holiday. They relieved them of their dutios, supplied their pulpits well, and sent them to now stations, and the young ministers wero not sent forth as tho travelling agents of a book or a tract socioty. They gavo not the minimum of £200 hut £400, and obtained first-class mon from Scotland ; end he was glad to say that Scotland was willing to surrender very good men. The Presbyterian churches of London now hold no common position in tho great metropolis. Tho Presbyterian Churoh adoptod the came plan as tho United Presbyterians. Thoy gave a guarantee for two or three years ; and they in effeot said, thero is a field ; wo know it to bo a good ono, take your choice. Thoy had got some very good men, and they wero doing a noble work. The peoplo on this side of tho globe were very muon of the samo spirit and stamp os those of the old country. It was altogether a miatako to suppose that a young man without experience could get on in tho country and work up a place for himself immediately. It had been a failure in the old country, and he was euro that it must provo so in nearly all caaes here, unless first of all tho community was made aware of the cirotunBtances and a good guaranteo. Thero wore in this city princely merchants and men of as generous heart as in tho city of London, who could próvido the requisite funds. Peoplo talked of colonial cxporienco, but he was unwilling to learn that' experionco; and ho believed that, if anything, the peoplo wero moro intelligent than they wero at home. It was a fact that we had no ministers at present to fill tho vacancies [ that were occurring. What efforts wero being mado ; to get thom '( He gathored that a native ministry wore to be trained ; but when woro we to begin ? Where wore our efforts P In tho Presbytery of tho Hunter ho had not been asked to takechargoof any youngman, I although he would gladly take thom under Iiis own roof at ¡ his own expense, and give them what training ho could. i If wo were to have a native ministry, would it not bo woll to begin at once ? Surely there wore some who wauld bo willing to give themselves to the work of the Churoh ? It could not bo that every young mon in this country was making hasto to bo rich, and was so instructed by his parents that he most look only, in that direction. . He thoroughly believed that a native ministry was; our only hope nuder present circumstances; and if we began to train suitable young men now, wo should soon bo inde- pendent bf the mother country. Mr. D. li. WAUOH, J.P., Baid that whito foreign missions must always hive a strong claim upon tho Churoh and every individual Christian ; and whilo the Widows' and Orphans' Fund commended ifeelf lo the feelings of ovory one who looked to the claims of thoso who might bo eaat upon it, yet, as far ag his own knowledge and feelings were concerned, tho work of the homo mission in the colony was that particular branch of tho Church's work that called .for remark on tho present occasion. Tho Home Mission and Church Extension which was conneoted with it, divided itself into two parts, the first contemplated the Bupply of ordinances to those of our own faith, who como from tho Bamo country( and who had boon brought up under tho same Presbyterian form of Churoh govern- ment. They had a strong claim upon us, and wo were bound as far as practicable to afford them thoso ordinances in which they had been bred, and to which they adhered. Our circumstances were in many respecte different from those of a closely peopled country liko tho fatherland ; and while he allowed all duo weight to the examples adduced by Mr. Bonthorno, ho had often thought that wo were entitled to- draw what lessons wo could from tho action of the Church in tho United States of America, whero tho circumstances were moro analogous to our own. Thero was tho same state of things existing, a spreading population, whioh required to be overtaken by the means of graoe. We found that thoy adopted a good deal of tho very system which Mr. Bonthorno advo- cated. - - Into thoso places where population was increasing, they sont properly qualified men to (tir up the religious activity of the people,, and to organise congregations in viowof.a settled minister. In thoso parta of the oountry where tho population, was sparse, as in this colony, they sent well prepared agents from place to place whose duty it was to form churches whore the population was largo enough, or Sabbath schools whore that only was possible. Those were the nucleus of churches, and in the course of a few years. ministers wore sent, and everything was ready for them when thoy arrived. ¡Jomo such syetcru as that might with advantago ho adopted by . ns here. But besides being Presbyterians, wo wero Christians, and there was an outlying population claimed by no Church, and belonging to no country, and thoro wero ? children growing up without. the means of graco, and beyond tao scope of Pchools bill. These we must negleoc, but we must strive to bring thom within the sphere ot our influenco as, far as our means and power oxtond. It might be usked, " How. was this tobo done?" Tho Sydney churches were peculiarly blessed beyond thoso of tho country in regard- to Sabbath services; They had t« o or three services on tho Sabbath, whilo in nine-tenths of tho country places we were obliged to bo content with one, I and when our minister went away to visit some of tho out- j lying districts, we must either carry on the sorvices our- selves, or havo a silent Sabbath. Let each one do some- thing. He did think that tho Sydney congregations might take it into their consideration, whether they could not for a certain space spare ono or more ministers for a month or two for work in the country. Such a course would in some degree be a relaxation to tho ministers, and it would materially benefit tho oountry if enorgetio ministers were to (ravel through the country to stir up the fainting zeal of the peoplo, to form Sunday schools, and do such other work as would eventually rosult in tho organization of congregations throughout the in- terior. There ought not to be a part of the colony that was not- viBited at least once a year by a minister of our Church. The Lay ABBOciation might very well provide the requisite funds, and it would be a moans of connecting it with every patt of the colony-blessing him that givos and him that takes. There was another point connected with tho home mission in regard to which he thought wo were bound to do something. In the providence of God we had a vast number of hoathen placed within our bounds, and he thought that the Church ought to do more for tho Chinese than they had hitherto done. It had been said of tho members of the Wesleyan Church that they were " all at it, and they were always at^^yf that wore fairly descriptive of the mcmbers^^^^^^bsbytorian Church, wo should soon make progJ^^^^^Hroh ought not merely, to exist, but it^m^Qe^io aggres- sive. The first step was to give ourselves' to the Lord, and in sending â minister to those places where tho Gospel had not been preached, ho conceived' that it was necessary that funds should be got in the first place for tho support of the minister, so. that the first proaohing of tho Gospel should not bo accompanied with demands on the peoplo for money. It should be manifest to all tho world that we Beek not theirs, hut thom. There waa no fear but that if Christian life began to show itself, means would bo forthcoming for tho support of tho Gospel. In proportion to the vigour ef Christian life would ba the readiness to spread tho .Gospel through the rost of the oountrv. Wo were told in the Acta of the Apostles of the churches of ' Samaria that when they were walking in tho foar of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, they were multiplied. (Applause..) The Rev. S. F. MACKENZIE said that although he had travolled many miles within the past day or two, he could not refuse to tako part in a meeting to advocate the daims whioh the different schemes of their Church had to tho sympathies, prayers, and liberality of tho members pf the Church. The Church with which they were connected was in his estimation, and also he doubted not in tho estimation of all belonging to it, one of the moat primitive, most apostolical, most scriptural under tho whole Heavens. It was a Church that had been honoured again and again by tho Great Creator-aChurch whioh was perhaps numorically the largest of any section of the Protestant* Church. Ho believed it was regarded with favour and esteem, and he ? believed in somo cnseB with admiration, by many that wore beyond ifs pule. In this colony his experience had ever been that tho Churi-h of England wai moro ready to frater- nise with tho Presbyterian Churoh than with any other body of Christians. And, whilst he had no conscious lean in ge towards Episcopaoy, ho trusted that- their Church would draw itself into closer relationship with the Chursh of England, and bo over ready to co-operate with it in spirit and brotherly love. He should rejoice to soo in this colony puch a scene SB that witnessed some time ago in the United States of America, when no fewer than 160 of the laity and clergy of the Churoh of England, feeling that tho -time had como when the canee-of Christ demanded closer sympathy and oo-operatio* on tho part of. different sections of the Church, walked arm in «rm to tho Presbyte- rian convocation, and fraternised with' thojbrethron tuero assembled. With regard to tho sohorrws at the Churoh, ho thought that the ono which bad for it» object Church ex- tension wa« the wost important of them ali. Ibero was an impression in the minda of somo that loreign missions occupied a eubordinato place in tho minds of some of tho . brethren. Ho believed that was altogether a' mistalca. Ho would fain hope that thero was not a miniatep of their Church who did not pity, pray, and labour for tho poor perishing heathen. 'And ho trusted that tho ôay \- would nover coma when their Church would ceaso to-be a missionary Church. Thoy were Bonding thoir monoy to tho'islands of the South Seas, and he trusted tho day was ; ! not far distent; when »hey would bo ablo to Bend mer* also i [ to labow there. At present, however, it was tho ovange- ? i lizátion of this colony which formed their all important . work. Aa ministers they professed, doubtless sincerely, to j : hopo that their Zion wo*ld prosper. And if they wouM ; havo their desire gratified, let those who were in tho worte '. of tho ministry whilst attending to tho vineyards of others, ' bo found not neglecting their own. In order to- secure i tho evangelization of this land, and have Presbyterians i scattered throughout it, men and money, and the blessing of God were needed. If they were to havo success in tho Lord's work, very much would depend upon tho , character of the men engaged in it. Whilst wo heard a great deal of want of liberality on the part of members of ' tho Church, he had great confidence in the liberality of the people, and ho-most thoroughly believed that if thoy only ; got the right sort- of article-(cheers)- tho people, would be found coming forward to help the Redeemer's causo. Ho felt satisfied that if all tho ministers of their Church were men of the right stamp, men thoroughly imbued with . the - spirit of Christ, he believed that a rioh blessing would be the result, and that their Church would increcBo on the right hand and on the loft.. We heard a good deal of tho necessity for an educated I ministry. He would not desire to lower the standard of literary attainments ; but'ho could not refrain from'tay- - ing that thero was something better and higher even than literary attainments. Tho possession of intenso earnest- ness and a thorough acquaintance with God's truth wera superior to li terary attainments \\. and if wo could got "men combining those qualifications with literary attainments to work for Christ throughout tho-length and, breadth of the land, the Churoh ought by every possible moans to en- courage them, whethor they exalted them to tho status of ministers or not. Ho thought thoy would do well to imitate other Churches, ona employ lay agency to a greater , extent than they had done. The Church Extension Committee was ofton blamed for some of the agents it employed. But ho fancied that if those who blamed it were to become mombors of that com- mittee they would act precisely ia tho same way as tho committee now acted. He did not think that any blame was attachable to tho committee ; at the same timo he had no doubt but that it would learn a lesson from past ex- perience. It was far better to leave a district unsupplied than send a man without zeal, or a man- who would strive to make himself as easy and comfortable as possible whilst doing tho Lord's work. Ho concluded by speaking on tho subject of liberality in giving. If the scheme of the Church wero to bo successful it was absolutely necessary that the people should exhibit, an amount of Christian liberality. Some of tho churches contri- buted well to tho funds of tho Church ; but thora wore some congregations which gavo very scantily to tho funds of the Church. He did not like Bending to tho homo country for money for tho Church in this land.. It was not because our pcoplo required it, but beoauso the grace of liberality had not begun to abound in tho midst of us. And until it did abound, he feared that it would bo necessary to appeal to tho home country to send money to this land, ihat tho GoBpol may bo proclaimed to those who wero coming out year after year from our nativo land. (Cheera.) Mr. D. M'ALPINE Baid that the schomes of tho Church and the claims of them upon the liberality of tho people had. been already presented beforo tho mooting. They had beaid of men being wanted, and of means being wanted. They wanted tho cold and silver to enable them to send men throughout this vast continent, and to tho mission fields. They knew who it was who said " Tho gold and tho silver is mine." People might think their wealth wan their , own ; but it comes from the great Creator on whom we deponded, and on whose bounty wa wera fed. And we had to use our gold and silver as under His eye, and spend ; it in accordance with His will, and in forwarding His blessed work. Our Saviour would reward those who wore tiuo to tho task laid upon them. Ho that gave to t he poor lent to tho Lord.. And .shall ho to whom the gold " and silver is lent not repay it back with interest ? It was tho law of tho Saviour's! kingdom that When We mado' sacrifices in His cause we Bhould receive an hundred fold in this lifo, and in tho world to como lifo ovorlasting. Why, ho asked, were the names of Howard, of Wilber- force, of Buxton, of Chalmers, and other men of a Uko stamp, household words? Why WSB a halo of glory around them ? Becauso they laboured and sacrificed for thoir fellow men. He had often thought of the Bible as a picture gallery, hung all round with beautiful pictures. And he had often thought of one in which Christ sat in in tho houeo of Simon, whero a warm generous hearted woman breaks tho seals of tho alabaster box of precious ointment. Ho looked upon it as a lovely pioturo. That woman had tho approving smile of her Saviour, and under the picture was written, " Sho had done what she could." And ho thought there might be young sisters prosent who were anxious to labour for Christ, that of them it might be said they had done what they could. Thoy wanted the Eeople of their churches to rise up to tho conception of a ighor liberality, a moro generous stylo of giving than had hithorto boen apparent, (Cheers.) The Rev. JAMES BENVIE said that it appeared to him we woro now laying tho foundation of the Presbyterian Church of tho future in this colony. Tho work was a grcit and a noble ono, and there wero two echemos on which its prosperity largely depended. . We should work them incessantly ; for, if they wore successful, every other scheme of tho Church would prosper with them. Tho first ol these schemes was that of Church - Extension-that by which we proposed to spread ourselves. But to the success of that scheme the prosperity of tho ether-that of raising a native ministry-was essential. ' Only lot us have a sufficient number of good men and we must prosper. It was the duly of every Churoh to raise its own ministry ; and wo should fail, as a Church of Christ, to do our duty unless we set oursolves to this work. Depen- dent as we wero at present upon tho home Churoh, we wero apt to look upon the Church not as a Church for Australia ai all, but as a Church for those who came to theso lands "whence wo sought to obtain our ministers. Wo ought to Bet ourselves to the work of gathering in im- mortal souls without respect to country, and not adopt in our arrangements tho principio of living for ourselves by simply providing tho ordinances of religion for those who came from Great Britain and Ireland. If wo sought a nativo ministry we should find it; and ho trusted that that minibtry would comprise men from'overy olasB in tho com- munity. Ho was sorry to seo that few rich men ever thought of educating a son for the Christian ministry. Why was that ï Why should not rich men endow their sons for tho ministry na they did for law, or modi cine, or for buying and selling ? If such men wore actuated by the right spirit, wa should find many, coming forward and presenting their sons as gifts to the Churoh. Ho believed thero were euoh mon in tho colony, but wo had no institution in which they could train their sons to the work of the ministry. HÍB heart was cheered tho other day when he heard a layman say that he intended to dedi- cate, his son to tho work of tho Church, and intended to endow him at the Borne time with a good income. Ho felt sure that if they only sought for what they wanted, thoy would get what they needed. They must at the samo time set to work to raise a capital fund, the interest of whioh should be made uso of for the purposes of spreading their Church throughout tho land. They had got £10,000 for the college ; but ho looked upon that as only half the work. If they only had another £10,000 to uso in tho work of the .Church Extension, he had no doubt that God would bless them' abundantly, and it would bo tho best £10,000 they ever collected. They ought to be proud of their Church, and proud of the position which it held. Ho considered that every Christian man was bound to con- tribute towards the Church of God in proportion as God had prospered him. If they had moro systematic liberality in them, thoy would prosper moro in thoir own souls and in their own circumstances. There was ono scheme which ought to bc initiated by the Church, and that was a scheme to provide for aged ministers. It was nothing but right that ministers should havo something to sustain them in their days of infirmity and old ago. (Cheers.) The meeting closed with prayer. 