" This Is truo liberty, when freoborn men, Having to ailvido tho public, may speak froe.' Mit.ton*. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER IS, IS71. Tub Argus lias publishod tlio memor andum of the Victorian Government forwarded to tho Secretary of State, with tho resolutions of tho Conference in rofevenee to UoUD lv«nEur,KY'S despatch on intercolonial fiscal legisla tion This extraordinary production is signed by Mr. Gavas Dijm aloue, and may bo taken, it w hoped, as expressing only his individual opinions. At any rate, no other member ot the Conference has committed hitnselt to a document which—if the very idea wore not ridiculous—might almost be des cribed as a declaration of independence. The resolutions thomselves were bad enough. They were curt, not over courteous, and in our view, selfish and unreasonable. They assume the tin tenabie position that as colonists we can be at once Englishmen and foreigners; that we aro to enjoy all the benefits of tho imperial connection and escape all its cost. But this memorandum goes a good doal further. Courteous up to a certain point in tone, in spirit it is studiously offensive. As tho Argics very pointedly says of i - "The voice is tho voice of Jacob, but tho hands aro the hands of HaAff. Under cover of a vaguo, cold loyalty, A[r. Dcm- talks, if not actual dis loyalty, something so very much like it, that it would really take an Irish agitator skilled in. "shaving the wind" between disaffection and open- rebellion, to tell tho difference. There was another memorandum submitted by tho Now South Wales delegates, and approved by those of South Australia and Tasmania, but it was far too mild a production to suit snch a fire-eater as Mr. Dufiy. The British Government must bo ™?d° to understand, once for all, that Victoria j would stand no nonsenso; and so the memorandum of S.u James Mamis with its emphatic declaration of loyalty and national good feeling, was shelved to make way for such high-falutin rubbish as this A peopl.a who have founded a great state, who havo built great cities and established a commer cial navy larger than that of many kingdoms in Europe, who have main tained order and protectod property as strictly as they aro maintained and protected in any part of the United Kingdom, and-who havo done these things without asking assistance from the Imperial Government, aro naturally impatient of being treated as persons • who cannot be entrusted to regulate their own affairs at their own discre tl0"DDPFY defying Downing-street" would be a fino subject for an historical picture to adorn the Viotorian Assembly after the fashion of tho frescoes of the House of Commons. Tho lion, gentle man might be depicted grasp,ng with one hand the " banner of his adopted country, and with tho other-wielding tho traditional weapon of the groen isle of his birch. Tho British lion in a sufficiently " wbippod attitude might appropriately occupy onocornor of this truly national work of art, while in t le background might bo represented, if not exactly by way of ornament at least for use in case of emergency, the historical cabbago-gardon. Melbourne, so rich iu illustrious Irishmen, must surely boast some artistic genius, some i College-green Correggio or Micfubl I Anoeu>—not; Titmarsii -of tho oogBj willin" to servo his great countryman at such a pinch. For there is real y notimo to be lost. The opportunity of "striking an attitude on what may be called the Homo Rulo question in Australia is no doubt a good one, but it iB by no means likely to last long As no one should know better than Mr. Duffy, tho transition from the sublime to tho ridiculous is some times singularly rapid, and in thiscaso we have tho advantage of. being able to time it almost to a minutQ. ThQ Bublimityof Mr. Duffy's dofiant attitude will last exactly as long as tho passageot the mail steamor that is now conveying his " proud cartel" home. ^ After that tho " cabbago.garden," amid the joors of his follow colonists, who havo not yet forgotten that they are also Englishmen, and tho inextinguishable laughter of that hater of all tall talking humbugs, the British public. If anything is to bo done to influence tho Legislature on the Border Customs question, it is time to set about it. At Albury a movement has already boon sot on foot, and a public mooting will bo hold tlioro to-morrow, whon no doubt tlioro will Tio n tolorably forcible expression of public opinion. Wo nro quito ns much interested in tho mattor as tlio Border city can bo, nnd should tako an onrly opportunity of following suit. It sooins to bo gonorally admitted that while Sm James M.u;rw may have boon rig-lit in refusing to tako Mr. Duffy's figures for granted as a basis for a new treaty, bo was wrong in refusing to I'onow tho oxisting agroo ment temporarily. No offer could havo boen fairer or moro roasonablo. On tho ono hand, Sm Jambs Martin nd mittod that tho statistics upon which his own claim was bnsod woro partial and imperfect, while nt tho samo timo ho insisted upon tho Victorian Minister accepting thotn. On tho otlior, Mr. Duffy, with statistics of his own for which quito as much could bo said, olForod to rofor the mattor to tho ono suro toat — as fair for ono side as tho other—of actual record of tho Rivorino trado for a given timo. It is clear that by no other moans can evon an approach to tho truth bo arrived at, and if thoso means whon offered aro rofusod, tho inferbneo is inovitablo that truth is not dosirod. It is true Sir James Marti;; nssigtiod a reason (or his refusal, of which wo have 110 objec tion to give him tho bonofit. Ho urged that to ronow tho treaty until tho end of noxt year would bo to " withhold from Sydney for a period of eleven months a largo sum which ought to bo paid into tho Treasury." But in tho first place, did Sir James Martis ascertain whethor tlioro would bo any objection to inako tho valuation retrospective for that period ? and in tho noxt place, evon according to his own estimato of tho valuo of the trado, tho sum lost would not bo so very large after all. It would at any rato bo a mere bagatello compared to the really "largo sum," in which ho does not hesitate to mulct tho unfortunato Riverine pooplo in the hamporitig of thoir industry and the embarrassment of all their business relation® On this ground alone, that a suddon resumption of tho Border dutios will plunge a groat portion of tho colony into almost irremediable commercial confusion, if not disastor, every means of compromise ought to havo boen exhausted beforo tho fatal alternative was even threatened. But wo need hardly say the mischiof of tho courso which Sir James Martin seems to contemplate with so light a heart will not end hero. He cannot ruin an important districtand retain its loyalty, any moro than ho can do his best to injure a powerful neighbour and retain his good-will. Sib James Martin must make his account to quarrel with Riverina—a largor Riverina than he probably thinks of — and to quarrel with Victoria, and both for tho sake of a problematical thirty or forty thousand ponnds. "Whatever the Premier's self sufficient obstinacy may prompt bim to do, we cannot believe that tho Assembly will permit him to rush the country into such a folly as this. In tho mean time, it boboves all tho Riverine towns to combine against tho common danger. There can bo no fairor way out of the difficulty than the proposal of Mr. Duffy, and no stono should bo loft unturned to compel tho Sydney Go vernment to accept; it. O.n-e of our lato visitors has boon edifying the good people of Ynung by publishing his "impressions of Wagga" in the local papor. As it is always <erood "t0 SQ0 onrsol's as ithors see us," wo wore rather glad to find that at least one visitor had turned his wook in Wagga to better account than more amusement. Now, we thought, has the opportunity come afc last of having thoso numerous virtues mado known to tho world, which we havo always been too modest to declare for our selves. As panteth Gundagai after Troi.lope—the Times in its last issue hopos that the distinguished novelist will "evontuate" in that quiot little township, (does our amiable con temporary mean die there ?) and thinks that if ho did he would like it : —so had we pantod for some gonial visitor, the harvest of whoso quiot oye we might afterwards reap 111 the columns of some obliging contem porary. Wornayhave been projudicod in the mattor, have been disposed to make too much of our^own nost, por haps too sanguine of* the probable capacity of our visitors ; but wo roally did think that tlioro was something in Wagga to describe—something for an observant oye to see—-if only tlioro wero tho oye; some "improsaion" worth making, if only there woro tho right stuff to mako it. on. "We aro afraid our Young visitor was deficient in both rospocts. Ho appears to havo gyrated during his stay in a vory narrow circle, whoso contro was tho Masonic Hall, and to havo soon nothing excopt through tho spootaclos kindly lent him for the occasion. "Ant Mason ant melius "—tho gentloman is fond of Latin, as will he seon presontly —would probably doscribo his "im pression " of what ought to form tho social line in Wagga, and perhaps under the circumstances it is not uuna tural. But his othor grand discovery, the " ghost of tho social circle," de cidedly is unnatural, and wo must strongly protest against such nn asper sion on tho boanty and. fashion of Wagga. Wo havo no notion of tho quory "Havo you aoen the ghost?" becoming popular in local drawing rooms, morely because ono or two old women, with or without pipos in thoir mouths, havo been pointed out to our superstitious visitor, and ho has mis taken them for witches. Or it may be that onr visitor is a spiritualist, and has simply allowed himsolf to bo mado tho modiura for the raising of this venorablo ghost, the spirit of dead rows, for tho dolectation of his friends. Tho ghost, Liowevor, turns out to bo not a ghost at all, but a "factious doruon," iind then our visitor makes or assumos—it is not quito cloar which— fcho acquaintance of tho Polico Magis trate). Wo aro not going to follow hiin through his studiod but vory ungrnm tnntical nbuso of this odicor, bocauso ho admits that ho knows nothing about hiin, oxcopt that ho " showod a groat ignoratico of tiio'ofciqnotto of socioty, if not of common politeness, by absonting himsolf from tho public ball at which Sir Alfrod Stophon prosidod." "Aro would only roraark that a gontloman who writes half a column of second hand scandalous twaddle about anothor of whom ho admittodly knows nothing, is not exactly tho sort of porson whose " impressions " ahont tho etiquette of socioty or anything olse aro likoly to go for much. "Tho sine qua nan of ovory gontloman," says our visitor, " is tho suavitor in moilo to ovory honest man, whatever his circumstances may ho. A gontloman is as oasily distin guished Irom a 'suob' by his manner as is an Englishman from an African by colour." Tho rulo is no doubt an oxcollent one; but for our visitor's sake wo should bo sorry to think that ho meant us to apply it to himsolf. If ho did, wo should fool compollod after reading these "impressions" of bis to como to ono of two conclusions—eithor that bo is tho provorbial exception that provos tho rulo, or that ho is only anothor molanclioly instauco how vory much easier precopt is than example. 