A Haunted House. A. Mulnight wanderer from the other world, after frightening a poor mortal on Oakland wharf comes to this, city and haunt* an Italian on the city front—the story of a man who saw.a shining skeleton beckon to him. A belief has existed in all countries and all ages that the spirits of the departed are at times presented to the gaze of the living; but no one has yet been able to satisfactorily explain these alleged occurrences. There are many who believe that these spectral appearanoes are only the imaginations of a disordered mind; bat be that as it may, it is nevertheless true that " ghost stories" come to ns from all quarters, and that some of these are so singular that they cannot be accounted for. During the early part of last week, a watchman in the employment of the Central Pacific Railroad Company, whose duty it was to guard the property of that company at Oakland Point wharf, while walking up ana down the wharf at about midnight, in the vicinity of where, on the 4th of July, 18C8, so many persons were drowned in consequence of the mil ofan improperly constructed platform or " apron," saw, or thought he saw, a man, and approached him-to see who it was. But as he came nearer the figure retreated, and in a moment it walked off the wharf and sank beneath the waters of the bay. He was fully convinced that it was not the body of a man, for he heard no splash, but believing it was only some wild imagination on his part, he did not say anything to any one. On the following night, and the one after, he saw the same object disappear as mysteriously as on the first nigut, and he became so much impressed with the idea that the placc was haunted by the ghost of one of the victims of the disaster referred to, that he refused to serve the Company further,and resigned his position. AD other watchman was appointed in his place, and on the first night of his appointment he witnessed the same object which his predecessor had seen, and that was the last time it appeared on the wharf. But now comes another story, and that is, that there is a ghost, which has for several nights past been annoying an Italian, who keeps a coffee stand on Davis-street, nearly opposite the Oakland ferry lauding. Fe says that a few nights since, just before midnight, he entered his bedroom in the rear of the coffee stand, and was greatly astonished to find a strange man there; but before he could speak, what he supposed was a man, wearing a black cloak, turned full upon him, and instead of the head of a human being full of life, he saw two bright eyes in a shining and grinning skull, and the next moment the figure, with the skeleton of what in life would hare been the right hand, beckoned him to it. He stood spell-bound, and was unable to move or ntter a word. A second timo did the figure beckon, after whioh it vanished from the room, apparently through tho wall. For three nights in succession he witnessed the sight, and nearly at the same hour, and on Friday reported what ho says he has seen, to officers Burke and Kelly, of the Harbor Police, and now they keep a sharp look-out for his Ghostship. The story has become bruited aronnd the neighborhood of the so- called haunted, house, and the people there are of opinion that this ghost is the same whirli frightened tho watchman at Oakland Point.—San Francisco Paper. " Does the dentist kiss you when he pulls your teeth, pa ?" " No my son, why P" " Oh, nothing ; only ho kissed ma, and sho said it took all the ache awny, and I guess it did, for she laughed all the way home." 