<&lt0; mtit Mttyw the face at the window. /Prnm "Waiting for the Mail; or the stories we told at Holybush Inn," being the Christmas Supplement to the Illustrated Sydney News.) As I remarked, we without doubt often have Death close at hand—even laving his bony finger on our elbow— without being aware of his presence and of our danger. Sometimes this fact is proved to us in a very odd manner—even years after it may have happened—and it is with reference to an incident, or rather a thrice- repeated incident of this kind, that I am about to speak. Some years ago, business took me to the old seaport town of Whitby, in the North Riding of Yorkshire, a place which is, in some degree, connected with Australian history, inasmuch as it was the town in which Captain Cook—of illustrious memory—was first apprenticed to the sea, and imbibed those nautical ideas which eventually led to the discovery of New South Wales. I need not enter into dry details of business matters as to how and why I was there; suffice it that I was heartily sick of walking about the quays, watching the arrival and departure of the dim and dingy colliers, looking at the sea breaking against the east pier, and something wandering in the shadow of the ancient abbey whose high position overlooks the town. The time at length arrived at which I was to meet my friend—the time but not the man—and as the hours sped by, and 1 had nothing but the driving wind and the ticking of the clock to listen to, I paced the well lighted hotel parlour impatiently enough. It was Christmas eve—a bitter, cheerless December night, as far as outward weather was concerned—and I was anxious to catch the early morning train, to convey me to nay own comfortable family circle. At last my friend arrived, and shaking the snow from his overcoat, excused his want of punctuality on account of the tempestuous weather. We sat together, conversing for some time after business matters were concluded; and as he rose to go, I went to the window to see the state of the night. As I drew back the curtain, my eyes, instead of encountering the too familiar lines of irregular architecture, for which Whitby is well known, rested on what!—a pallid, ghostly human face, pressed against the glass and staring full into mine! I dropped the curtain and started back with a beating heart, and an ejaculation that caused my friend to enquire, laughingly, whether I had "seen a ghost ?" " Something very like one," I muttered. "Do you know, Harry, when I looked out a minute ago, I had a man's face within an inch of my "Ha, ha!" laughed my companion, "Don't you know the «teet of looking into the dark street •rom a well lighted room? You saw your °«n reflection, my friend." I shook my head. "Not a bit of it. It was jeardless, and pale, and—" « not at all nandsome so that it couldn't possibly " e a /^simile of your own ! I underm„ y° ur vanity, my boy," roared ®y companion; "but even ifso.it J™" no doubt some unlucky coon, tt, ' ng (, to v a share or glimpse of the JJmth he couldn't get outside withbiU." ln ® ^ entered in a landlord's J. COn< f s the incident, simple as it mind J • great impression on my came ? Was not until corning thatV was whirling homewards ni»ht * as dispelled. On Christmas ison I the mirth of the happv fast an,? f ell° ws^P' and our fun grew and furious, I again thought of the affair, and laughingly related it to the assembled company. «I'll just repeat the whole thing in action/' I said, stepping to the casement. " I held the curtain aside, so!" Good Heaven! There, glancing in at the window of my own parlour, was the identical face I had seen on the previous night at Whitby! The circumstance now began to assume a serious aspect; either I was the victim of some optical delusion, such as we read recorded in Sir D. ( Brewster's letters on " Natural Magic," or somebody, for a mysterious purpose of his own, had me under a complete system of espionage. My friend, Dr. Brandt, who was of the company, gave me a medical inspection, and declared my state of health to be such as to entirely put the first proposition out of the pale of probability, and opined that, be its purpose what it might, a face of flesh and blood had watched me on both occasions. I am not a nervous man, and if actual danger is to be faced, I can meet it, I think, with the calmness befitting a true man; but here was something which, with all the danger of the natural, was allied to the mysteriousness of the unnatural. I could not bring my foe to the " tug of war," but went about like a second "Damocles, with a hair-suspended sword above my head, liable to fall at any moment. I grew low-spirited, and dejected— especially when on a third occasion the same incident took place, at a spenefar removed from both the others. Then, indeed, it seemed like a thrice given warning of impending calamity. I acquired a disagreeable habit of darting suspicious glances at out-of-the fray corners, as if a pair of eyes were watching me from thence. I had an uncomfortable feeling of being looked after and noted, and as to windows, I scarcely dared to lift a blind by night or day. Wherever I went, whatever I did, that face—stern and ghastly— haunted me I saw it in my waking hours, and in my dreams, a-'Stern avenger of some wrong I could hot remember having committed. Some two years after the third appearance, I left England for Australia, and by that time the face of my mysterious visitor was but a shadow of the past. Whilst passing along a street of the city in which I had taken up my residence, a police-man touched my arm, and requested my attendance as juror at an inquest. The deceased had been found murdered; shot through the heart, and the perpetrator of the deed was in custody. In fact the inquest was a mere matter of form, the prisoner fully acknowledging his guilt. It was the same old, old story, of man's villainy and woman's shame. Three years ago the dead man had been the star of a fashionable circle, in which he, had been introduced to the sister of the prisoner. The man, lying stiff and stark before us, with all the evidences of a bad life, and violent death staring from his distorted face, had then been known as Raby Vaughan; who might in the supremacy of his accomplishments and attractive power, have offered his hand to some dozen ladies of beauty, fortune, and title without fear of refusal. But sparing to take of these, the " one ewe lamb" of this man —now a prisoner, then a clerk in America—fell a victim. Heart-broken and destitute, she had only time before her death to send her brother a note, imploring his blessing on her memory, and enclosing a photograph of him in whom she had trusted and been so cruelly deceived. And now comes the strange development of my otherwise sober story. In the pocket of the prisoner was found this identical photograph, which, singular to relate, bore a remarkable resemblance to myself. The distorted features of the dead could not so well be traced, but everybody in the room acknowleged the resemblance between the carte-de-viBite and myself. And the prisoner—who was he ? The face was none other than the face at the window, seen by me on three separate occasions! The unfortunate man recognised me, and explained that on first landing at Whitby, to avenge his sister's honor, he had seen me walking up the irregularly paved streets, and felt convinced that I was identical with the original of the photograph. That he watched me through the window of the hotel; that he got into one of the rear carriages of the same train that conveyed me home, and watched me on Christmas night as I sat by my own fireside. Again, on the third occasion his was the self same patient watching face, and each time his finger wasona pistol trigger, which, that inscrutable Providence " which shapes our ends, rough hew them as we will," kept him from pulling, until, fortunately for me, he discovered his mistake, and getting on the right track, left England for Australia in pursuit of his victim. 