"In farct, air, it is ererlasting humpty' dumpty nlash; and I ameternally sorry. for.it, and that :I do ;declare I": The Colonel, .Massachusetts: Militia 'having done somewhat excessive justice to a. Franco-London dinner, was smoking with' a vigour that :would. have rejoiced the heart of a revenue ctaving Chancellor of the Exchequer. 'The Colonel was proud of the performance,' remarking that be could not be licked at tobacco.ash-mak-, lIg on this side of the Atlantic. From the. preliminary oyster to. the iced peud ding, he had been doing 4th of July's stump. Europe was in a bad way, but' England was absolutely played out., Just dead, and only waiting for decent burial. No army. Sinking'lo navy. Slapped on the left cheek by RussIa, and cuffed on the right cheek by. Prusesia. :Canada drifting to, the .Union. India good as gone., Ireland determined to.be on lier own dear book. Pauperism, republican 'Ism,' socialisem, mobism, and .a whole string of isms preying upon the vitals of the kingdom. •Wise folk skedaddling to America,. the land of plenty, liberty, equality and the almighty dollar. The dinner being disposed of the Colonel elevated his feet to an angle of forty.five degrees,' brought his face parallel to the ceiling, and, with enviable gusto, informed his Euglish host that the old country bad gone 'to' everlasting humpty-dumpty smash, and'that he was eternally sorry for it. " Well, Colonel, even America has her troubles. There is the Mormon question, for example, which must be a perplexity to your Government." The Colonel was immensely amused. "To be sure, a spectacle maker might do a roaring trade in this fishy old country. The Mormons. sir, have been let upon Ithe rampage be. cause, Whilst they were a cool thousand miles from civilization,- it was not worth while' to put a stopper on their brag. - But now, sir, that everlasting enterprise' has joined Utah to the East; the Mormons will sing emall-as a British sparrow, or be ground to invisible powder. Perplex our Government I Why, sir, the job of kick.. Ing the Mormons out of creation could be done by contract in ,ten. days." "Well, Colonel, what about that other bother atln, theKonKluxt'' The Colonel took a long pull at his - weed, and, emitted 'a heavy cloud of smoke. "I 'do declare, that hit is not bad for a Britisher. It is pretty nigh a' balance. Yes, sir, you have struck oil. -That Ku Klux business' is equal to poisonous reptiles in- the heart, and it's an ugly 'disease that 'won't 'be doctored in a hurry. Now, don't fly, off like a lopsided ;rifle, calculating for certain on what will 'never be.: on this'~eidb of eternity. Ku.Klux is a most tarnation tickler, but the Union is as safe as the North Pole. Mind you, Britisher, I' ad-. mit that 'Ku-Kluxise within" the ghost' of a shadow of being the, plagulest abomin ation on the face of this here, creation and the phic.ofcreation is full of blotches. Being posted in the, Ku-Klux, I know what-it foots up; and the total Ia a ewamper for any power that ..could be, save our glorious most everlasting Union." " What is 'the literal meaning of the word Ku-KluxI flow is it derived T' "I do believeryou Britishers have your optics fronting the wrong way , and that is why you are perpetually staring back wards. There is your Mr Darwin who has been tracing his forefathers and fore mothers back to apes-which is not over civil to his foreparents, who' can't say a syllable for themselves. By and by, a party will go a-head-or rather, a-back= ward--of-Mr Darwin, and will. trace the monkey to the cocoa- nut.., :Whyi, ir the word Ku-Klux is an- invention, Just letters shot together promiscloun. 'An originaltname has nothing against it ;and if it is ugly, attracts public attention. Presently a learned party will trace Ku Klux to the Indians, or to! the Feejee mermaid. and get'`a medal for his 'dis covery. But, sir. you may rely on 'one who knows, thatKu-Klux is a new and original American invention." The Colonod lighted another cigar, which he chewed as well as smoked. "If you waon't addle your brain with derivation, which can't make you a cent richer or wiser, I will juat post you about Ku-Klux. .It is what I can do slick ard correct; for, sir, I iave been a carpet bagger, but no more carpet-bagging for me whilst there is other fish to try 'in the blessed universe, for I do most solemnly declare :that a, month, of carpet-bagging wo'uld convert a born saint into, -a., brim stone and tbunder ,swearer.. And what is moreover, sir-and very much moreover, sir-it is a trade that 'don't Fay-blanks plenty, and a prize a miracle, ''When our civil war was over, there was a rush of patriots to the WhiteHouse. They wanted to congratulate the Presi dent on the triumnlph of the Stars and Stripes,. and, likewise to' express their. willingness o serve the beloved Union by taking office.in the South. There was a notion about' that the leading Re?b-that is, the Rebs who had property-would have to forfeit, and that the leading patriots would find that loyalty was not only beautiful, but also profitable. After a gentleman' had fired off a burst of elo quence, which was printed the.same day .in tie patriot's paper,- published a few slates off from Washington, 'Abe, whose gab was short and stroiig, said-' Yes, sir, we have got thle Southeri horse to. the water,· and it has been a tough job:. May be, air, that to make him drink will be a tougher job'. This Ku-Klux' businees proves that Abe was cute. He could read neit week' as s scholar can Greek. It wab sldpposed that, when Andy Johnson be came the Chiol Magistrate of creation:he would go In lor exterminalion' BUt he knew the SouthernOihsracter. He coaxed and petted the south, until the Republicans were soren'ting savego that they imleoich. ed him. Andy'sargument was a poser. Says he, 'A' genuine <down-Southber is eqosI to aniy men in a fight. It ordor is to be keist by lorce," we, stsll want a wilionsof'eoldiere, and a publio debt that will be crushing, Thlatwon't do, and so we must try the conciliation tack I' Were the Southerners gratetful ? Whylv, sir, they jueered at Andy, anid did him all the bhars they could.. Union-savig Grant became our first fiddler. His pilatform folr the South wasdittoto Andy's. But there is the South, sir, precisely ase it was six years ago. T'he obstinato horse is at the water, lie don't kick; hbut he won's drink of the Unieos itrcunm. , *V When the war was over, there was no hanging orconflosating lends. We were content with governing and the providen tial rewards of ollice. Smart men--u. common squeezsors, and hungry as wolves -went South to mauipulate the emaneci pated niggers, and to icatruct luthem:il the art of voting. Thlese patriots are called carpet-bsuggere. WhIs1 Well, sir, they did not take much with theum, but they expected to make the return journey' with heavy Ouggage- which, you know, is only human nature.. Mind you, Britlisher,. the game was not, plunder;ing but skill and sleculatoon. An American, .eir,i knows how to get the milk' out of. alcocod nut' without cracking it; and what a counitry' tr .milkhiig (aod hotleying that South aad.'wllsj wed whtat youl vnt (Iiilip uop LouinaP +W. bhy, sir,, every Ineb of the soil, and ?v?ry drop of water, is just; alive end bursting with 'prodtice; Yes, air, in that:State, alittlo enterpriso iould produce any mortal thing- including angels-st a 1profit that would cap Californiae and stun W.all:Street. I . ." My. dose of carpet-bagging will' last me my life-time, and-a year or two longer, Black blethorn are not easily, managed. To be'eure,'the niggers have queer notions about emancipation. They want ,their own rights, and theb rights of others into the bargala., They do work-that is a fact ;' but: they expect the. whole of the profit, and a pcracentago added to.it.. You may oratiso them about, the glory of free dom antill your tongue is tired; but they don't care for glory unless they can teel it in their pockets. - They don't' value the privilege of voting, except for wiat it fetches.: A part of them are in mortal dread of.the Southerners, and others have a sneaking kindness for their:old masters. Put this and that together, sir, .and there is the 'diffliculty piled up mountains higlh. To make the negroes vote straight, it was nrecessary to promise them a substantial sweetner; and to keep ;them straight, it was necessary to keep the piromise. Wll, air, the dollars had. to be procured; and it is not to. be. denied that the Assemlilies elected by the carpet-baggers, ,ith negro votes, have been' awul taxers, and the proceeds have been divided.". Iire and there, too, carpet-baggers have been a trifle over-greedy, and niggers have not been such howling saints as they are in Mrs Beecher Stowe's 'Books. No blame to them, sir. They have a precious score to wipe off, according to Mrs Stowe, also they are dreadfully aggravated ;, and, 'on the whole, their conduct' is wonderfully correet. " Aboutayearagoandsuddenaslightning everybody was nonplussed with Ku.Klux. The negroes, their faces groeny-brown. and eyes trying to bolt from, the sockets, gasped'Ku-Kluz.:.Ino the: lobbies:.ot' the Aesemblies the only, talk, was, Ks-Klux. The carpet-baggers, sleeping and waking; were thinking of Ku:Klux. Itwasa plague thatenmie the wholeol the poople insabiogle night.: Ku.Klux on the brain,::Ki.Klux on .the tongue, Ku-Klux every wheire. Who began itis a secret. How it is spread is a secret. There is no president, no iend centre, no officers, no society, noj organits ation. It is a , sort out ,ipspirationr 'sir. Every'bdrit Southerner as a KuKlux, anid this is his'platiformn--' I ill':ribt iriterfere in .the'government of ttie Union?' 'I will not interfere in the government of my State. I 'will' only' defend the personal rights of my sell and my friends against the carpet-baggers and tleir niegroes.' 'In a few pilaces the payment of taxes has 1 been relused; and who can efdrce, it'! ! But thegeneral cause of thedispute witithe Ku Kluxers has?been some actiononi the part' of the carpet-liaggers through'the ;niggerie The blacks have a had tiie'of 'it.:' They shrink from the society 'of the'whites. ' It they meet'them in the 'streets' they 'cross out of the path Ii they 'get'iito" a car sith white men--that is, 'with "Southern whites--they leave it at the first 'opportd alty. Not that they are thlreatened or mo lested. ',Since this Ku-Kluxi'move, the Southerners treat the' negro's in 'a way' that would sting a rhinoceros. "If they have orders to give, they are given in the fewest words-but not a word- of harsh. ness or of unkindness. " The nieger is treated like so unowaied dog, and is' shot It he shows his teeth;t Yet the Soithberer declares he pities the blacks,' bat':that he must protect himself rom the:tools oft the carpet-baggers. Don't believe. nearly hslf thb stories you will bear about, Ku-Klux. But then, sirthey are not aelflseo. ' Th6e niggers are in terror of their 'skins and lives. :Tihey are thrashed, and. now 'and then"they aereshot. Fact, sir.' These affairs are openly performed, and 'the an= thorities are mum and still as statdes. If they did interfere, what a mighty fine tale Mr Ku-Klux'would tell as' to- why* he thrashed or shot the, nigger , Punish" the' Ku-Klux, iidl there would be a ,regular Ku-Klux insurrectiob. That would be ruin and worse to the' carpet- baggers sanditheir down East supporters. The Woestern States,"who trade with the South, 'would be on the side of the Ku-ilux,and so would New York. "'You see, it is not, a Union matter, or an emancipation matter, but just a down East concern. ' " ' ' HereLis sdnarratiseathat will show :you Ku-Klux is not a joke. : Names to be kept dark,' 'for . 'obvious reasons, ' but the ' "facts ' are' ' known to' the Staite': Government : and to', the Washington Governmet, and all over the South :-A carpet-bagger, a big State ofi cial, got into a log' with Iias accounts s; and, soniehlw or 'other, 'there' was' a :balance against him of 20,000 dollars, and the dol lars'were not'forthcoming. "Whetlier the carpet-bagger'was riled till he was mad or thought to'get the coin out of at row,; 'can only. be'guessed at. .This' however!, was bis perlirmance. .Heijat Ibhimselt at the head of 200 armed niggers,. and went to the outskirts of . town. Three 0ot the townisple o ee w e shot'et. 'No one was killed, although:it is said'that'one was wounded. What thetcarpet bagger's ver sion of the affair is, Icsan't say. tMost likely, he would charge the whites with assaulting the niggera. WhVben the affair was known in the town a hundred men, l?ldby a! ma jor who foughi in' tlie'Confdderate war, got ready tor action.' Every' "Southern i man cdrries airas, anid 'knows lite use of' rifle and pistol. When night came, they merclted'out,and at dawn fell upon thebs niggers. , They killed a score of them, and disesrted the. rest.. They collected the orms, took them to thoraih ay depot' iput them o'i'a gkoods ar,'dir ctel to" the Go verboroof the State. Then they wenthuebk to the town and tetheir business. And that, sir, is the'end ol the attair." '' " ' "Surel), colonel, something will hlaveto be donte." ' .Tlhat observatlion ireminds me of Jede' dia hScroigeu's sicknes. Formtany monoths Jed was" uecooimonly bad. 'le 'w'as a misery 'to'himsilt' and everybodtly else. What weasthe matter with him puzzlated the faculty.. "Tltvey felt his pulse, looked pt his tongue,aounded his lungs, tried his heart; blistered him, dieted himin and tursed this inside into :a drug store. Batu Jed.got wor?o, a initdeb his' will. "'Presently, a trtceindous ulcer broke out."' Poor Jed thought thlatlhe was a gone'doon. Bat thie 'dootor said-- Now it has coame to a bead, we can saquelch.the disease. It is diseases that won't come to a bead that. baffli us.' So it is witn tile Ku-Klux. I thlere* was an organisation, we 'could put oui foolupon it, and there' would be an end Of it, Ku Klux is not an organiestion--Ku-Klux won't come to a' bead-and thatis thbb.dil. "Well, colonel, why not withdraw the carpet-buggers, and leave the Southerdnters " So we sltoild; but ithe *niggers haoe a vote and if ve left the' Sdutherners id ibhoim selves, they would have thb nigger ivotes, emd swamp- the 'EaSit.' Contound! ttos blacks ! ;Whun Abe Lincoln hintedl to niggar deputation that the beat. Cting the children.ot lHam:coult do.would be to go to Liberio, there was a mighty Ihowl in nav 'liio,'i but the howlers 'iow wrnsh CliitiAbuas atlyl" bad been tauen. 'l i a hflx,'I do de-' clre, 'Whiton earth to do with Kus.Klu:. €~rbcis no iml ail ---W.- 'e can lu Soutbe?nears tbh bleck" ot -We I io't itauip0ons Ku.?iiKt'x To leýt( go on= is hequal'to rattlenakeu in tie' apuilt bosom. And that. Britslher, is rioomforteble;'and Lif the Uion 'was not eternal happiness and protperity-millht: bie' dngerous." The colonel ag:bilont for a few mninutea. lie throw the lighted and of his `cignr' on the carp'et, stood up, and, drank aol his Grogi " I'll tell you what it is, air, i -Ku Rlux is aghost ut the oivil' war ;aelt a ghost, .iri willd fy creation." Oflcea iOek 