AUSTRALASIAN WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. THE annual meeting of the Sydney District commenced in the York-street Wesleyan church, on Tuesday morning, at lffo'clock. The Rev. Henry H. Gaud, chairman of the district, gave out (he 478th hymn, commencing " And are we yet alive.' The Rev. G. Martin read a portion of scripture,"affor which prayer was offered by the Revs. J, Watkins and C. Creed, The names of the ministers residing in the district were called over. Such of them as were present answered to their names, and took their places according to seniority. The following ministers were absent :-W. Schofield, P. Turner, and it. W. Vanderkiste, on account of severe nihilo tion or physical infirmity. The secretary was directed to write a letter of condolence to each of these brethren. J. W. Howson, W. Fidler, and A. Parsons, were also absent, not having arrived in time for the opening sitting of the session. Rev. J?. Tait, returned missionary from Fiji, took his seat amongst the brethren. By ballot of the ministers in full connexion, the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse was elected secretary, who chose for assistant F. W. "Ward. The probationers for the ministry were requested to furnish lists of the books which they had read during the past twelve months. No minister had died during the year. F. W. Ward, who will have been in the work three years at the ensuing Conference, and W. H. Beale, who will have laboured one year remain on trial. Every candidate for the Wesleyan ministry is required to serve four years on probation. 'The annual " Examination of Character'', includes moral and religious character, soundness in the faith, ability for the work, and enforcement of discipline. The scrutiny was conducted in a faithful, but kind manner. In answer to the question we recommend that any of our ministers be made supernumeraries at the ensuing Conference? The meeting said "None." The Rev. S. RABONE spoke of the illness under which he had suffered during the past year, and expressed the probability of MB being compelled to ask the Conference to release him from active duty. Several of the older ministers expressed their warm sympathy with Mr. Rabone, their joy at his convalescence, and their hope that by the time of Conference he would be strong enough to continue to hold the responsible offices which' he now fills with singular efficiency. There were no candidates for the ministry in the district. A resolution was received from the Chippendale Circuit Quarterly Meeting, requesting the division's that Circuit at the next Conference. After careful consideration the District Meeting could not recommend such division, A copy of "A Bill to restrain the Common Retail Sale of Fermented and Spirituous Liquors," was sent to each Minister through the Rev. R. Sellors, who stated that the bill was to be immediately introduced in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Joseph Wearne. Mr. Sellors also handed in a form of petition in favour of the bill, with a view to its being signed by the ministers. Rev. B. CHAPMAN suggested the probability of another bill being brought before the" Legislative Assembly during the present session, having for its object the amendment of the present licensing system, and deemed it desirable that, if possible, a copy of that bill should be obtained. The latter suggestion was acted upon, and a copy was procured and read. The CHAIRMAN could not see that the proposed bill to amend the Liquor Licensing Act of 1863 would be much improvement upon the present system. A radical reform was required. With some honourable exceptions, the present mode of conducting public-houses was a disgrace to the community ; nearly all the crimes committed in the city were connected in one way or another with the liquor traffic. Our descendants two or three generations hence would marvel at our having tolerated such a horrible and pernicious system so long. When he resided in Prince street, he could-on his way home from that church (York-street) count, within range of view, as large a number SB thirty public-houses. He heartily supported the Permissive bill. Rev. W. CURNOW thought that the two bills were essentially different. The Permissive Bill, which he approved, proposed to take the licensing of public- houses out of the hands of the magistracy and to vest it in the people. It appeared to him to touch a fundamental principle of British jurisprudence. It would be inoperative, except in municipalities, and even there until two- thirds of the ratepayers voted for the application of its principles. He also thought the bill to amend the Licensing Act of 1862 contained some very important clauses, he would instance the proposed prohibition of dancing saloons, which were as great a curse to young men as the public-houses themselves. He should like this meeting to express itself strongly against the evils which now exist, and which would not be affected by the Permissive Bill. The CHAIRMAN said that it was his conviction that were the Permissive Bill passed, even before it could be put into practice, it would have" the effect of causing a speedy improvement in the character of the houses. . Rev. J. H. FLETCHER, was so deeply affected by the horrible results of the drinking customs of this age, that he should be thankful for any reform or restraint whatever. In proportion to the number of shares was the danger of being entrapped. He sometimes almost wondered that anybody escaped, so numerous were the public-houses, He earnestly hoped that the meeting would advocate and support the" PeriiU8bi\o Bill. Rev. G. MARTIN said that of the two bills he thought the one to amend the Licensing Act of 1862 was calculated to do the most good. Rev. F. T. BUENTNAlt' thought that there was a misunderstanding of the object of the Permissive Bill on the part of some the ministers. If that bill became law, it did not propose to hand over to the ratepayers the power of granting licenses, but to give them power to say that no licenses should be granted where the required majority could be secured. He should like to see a bill that would attempt to remedy the evil beyond the limits of municipal! fries, for there was a large amount of drunkenness in districts to which the Permissive Bill would not apply. He also believed that many friends of the temperance cause would like to ECO power given to a majority of ratepayers to regulate the number of public-houses, to say whether there should be none at all, or, if any how many should exist. Rev. R. SELLORS said that the author of the Permissive Bill was perfectly consistent, for it condemned the sale of intoxicating liquors as immoral. A provision for allowing a certain number of public-houses would not be consistent with the principle on which the bill was framed, Mr. Wearne was not willing to incorporate in his bill any of the provisions of the other bill now before the meeting, Rev. W. CLARKE proposed, and Rev. R, SELLORS seconded,-" That the chairman and secretary, on behalf of this meeting, sign the petition in favour of the Per missive Bill." Carried unanimously. SECOND DAY'S SITTINGS. The meeting opened at 10 a.m, by devotional exercises. Rev. W. Fidler and Rev. L. Fison (returned missionary from Fiji) took their seats among the ministers. The condition of the circuits in the district was under consideration during a great part of the day. Ashfield is due to take a married minister, and it was recommended by the chairman that the Ashfield Circuit should endeavour to provide next year for the appointment of a married minister. Rev. S. WILKINSON said that the breach, by some circuits, of the connexional rule, which requires every circuit applying for the appointment of an unmarried minister to pledge itself to provide for a married one after four years, inflicted an injustice upon those circuits which were compelled to take a married minister at or before the specified time. Several ministers reported encouraging success during the past year, and the prospect of extension in new places that were affording favourable openings for Methodist ordinances. Regret was felt that in some circuits there are very few lay preachers. Several ministers spoke in the highest terms of the zeal, diligence, and success of this class of agents ; much of our extension has been to a great extent secured by their efforts, nor could our present services be sustained but for their help. * The circuits were gone through with a view to ascertaining the probable changes at the next Conference, Several changes will be necessary where the ministers will have filled the usual term of three years, and one or two removals were asked for where ministers have laboured but two years in their circuits. Each superintendent reported that registers of marriages and baptisms were correctly kept in his circuit. In the evening, in York-street church, the official sermon was preached by the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, from Psalm extra, 10-" Thy Spirit Is good." The sermon was a clear exposition of the nature and work of the Holy Ghost, delivered in an earnest and impressive manner. All the ministers and many members of the Wesleyan Church afterwards communicated in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. THIRD DAY'S SITTINGS. The business was resumed after the usual devotional exercises. Minutes of the previous day were read and adopted. On the motion of Rev. J. W ATKIN, seconded by Rev. S. WILKINSON, a vote of thanks was passed to Rev. J. B. Waterhouse for the excellent and profitable sermon which he preached on the preceding evening. A Conference regulation requires that, during each annual district meeting, a sermon to the young should be preached. The CHAIRMAN reported that he had not been able to make arrangements for such a sermon to be delivered this year. After some discussion as to future procedure in this matter, during which considerable solicitude was expressed concerning the spiritual welfare of our Sunday-scholars and the young people in our congregations, it was moved by Rev. B. CHAPMAN, seconded by Rev. R. SELLORS,-" That, next year, there shall be a service for Sunday scholars in the afternoon of the district Sabbath in the following churches: York-street, Wesley Church, Bourke-street, and Newtown and that the sermon to the young required by Conference shall be preached on the evening of the same Sabbath, in a place to be fixed by the chairman of the district." The usual questions involved in the examination of character were asked concerning the Revs. J. W. Howson. W. Fidler, F. Tait, L. Fison, and A. Parsons. These brethren were not present when the examination was made in the ordinary course of district meeting business. The replies in each case were perfectly satisfactory, also in the case of the Rev. C. Onions, who is connected with the English Conference, but is now on a visit to th' 8 colony Resolved, that in future the district rules' of estates during the annual meeting be printed in the November number of The Christian Pleader. The general returns of statistics were presented. The number of attendants at public worship had increased, but regret was expressed that there were not larger spiritual results. Next Monday morning was fixed for a special! conversation on the state of the work of God in this dis- i trict The meeting then adjourned till Friday morning. 