MARK TWAIN'S ADVICE TO PARENTS. HAVING reflected deeply, for half an-hour, upon the subject of domestic discipline, I feal like sparing a few suggestions relative to the best method of bringing up children. Being a bachelor without children, my suggestions are as likely to be disinterested as if i had never seen a child. According to my observation, the most difficult time to bring up children is in the morning. You can sometimes, though sel dom, bring them up in the morning by yeiilng at them; but the effectiveness of this process diminishes with its repetition, even when not entirely neutralised by the children's trick of stopping thtir ears with the bed clothes. The only prompt, effective, and absolutely re liable method is to bring them up by the hair. If your child has a good, healthy scalp, with out any tendency to premature baldness, this method will work with most gratifying effi ciency. Try it about once a week, and you will be surprised to observe how its influence will extend through the six days' interval, inspir ing your child with the liveliest possible interest in the resplendent pageantry of sun rise. To bring up a darling child by the hair requires the exercise of some energy and firm ness ; but no affectionate parent will hesitate at any little sacrifice of this kind for the welfare of his offspring. Nothing can be more fatal to your disci pline than to allow your children to contra dict yoa. If you happen to be betrayed into any misstatement or exaggeration in their presence, don't permit them to correct you. Right or wrong you must obstinately insist on your infallibility, and promptly sup press every symptom of puerile scepticism, with force if need be. The moment you permit them to doubt your unerring wisdom, you will begin to forfeit their respect and pander to their con ceit. There oan be no sadder spectacle than a parent surrounded by olive branches who think they know more than he does. I vividly re member how my father—who was one of the most rigid and successful of disciplina rians—quelled the aspiring egotism that prompted me to correct his careless remarks (when he was reckoning a problem in shillings), that five times twelve was sixty-two and a half. "So," aaid he, climbing over his spectacles, and surveying me grimly, "ye think ye know more'n your father, hey ? Come 'ere to me!" His invita tion was too pressing to be declined, and for a few excruciating moments I reposed in bitter humiliation across his left knee, with my neck in the embrace of his left arm. I didn't see him demonstrate hie mathemati cal aoouracy, with the palm of his right hand on the largest patch of my trousers, but I felt that the old man was right; and whon, after completely eradicating my faith in the multiplication table, he asked me how much five times 12 was, I insisted with tears in my eyes that it was 62 and a half. " That's right! " said he; " I'll lam ye to respect yer father, if I have to thrash ye twelve times a day. Now go'n water them hosses, 'n be lively too! " The old gentleman didn't permit my respeot for him to wane much until the inflammatory rheu matism disabled him; and even then he con* tinued to inspire me with awe until I was thoroughly convinced that his disability was permanent. Unquestioning obedience is the crowning grace of childhood. When yoa tell your child to do anything, and he stops to inquire why, it is advisable to kindly but firmly fetch him a rap across the ear, and inform him "that's why!" He will soon get io. the way of start ing, with charming alaoritv, at the word of command. One of the most inveterate and annoying traits of children is inquisitiveness; if you are inconsiderate enough to attempt to gra tify their omnivorous curiosity, you may as well prepare to abdicate, for you will be non plussed by their questions a dozen times a day, and in a week your sagacity will be hopelessly compromised. An average child is a magazine of unanswerable and disconcerting conundrums. You can't expect children to have much rever ence for a parent whose ignorance they can expose twice out of three times trying. It is well enough to answer an easy question now and then, juet to convince them that you can when you choose; but when they come to you with a poser, tell them, " Oh, you never mind!" or " Bhut up!" and then they will grow up inde pendent and self-reliant and restrained, only by veneration, from splitting your head open —to find out how it holds so much information with out letting some out. It would be difficult—yery difficult—to esti mate the beneficial effect that would be entailed upon their children if parents generally would adopt the method here vaguely indicated. ♦ GrHOST-SBKING.—We find quite an interest ing account of ghost-seeing in the pages of a work entitled " Arcana of Spiritualism," and a still more interesting explanation of why gh.sts are sometimes seen. The author of the work says that ghosts are nothing more than a luminous, gaseous flame that arises from all bodies, and especially those undergoing decom position. These emanations, he says, are of so ethereal a nature that only persona of peculiar organisations can see them, unless, on some oc casions, where they are present in great force. Of course, in graveyards, for instance, it " takes no great stretch of fancy to shape the upright, luminous, waving cloud into human form." The author pronounces this a simple fact in chemistry, and thinks it singular that from it should have arisen all the unbelievable Stories of ghosta and hobgoblins which float through people's brains and terrify them; all " having no more existence than a wisp of flame or fog-like cloud." A singular instance id given as happening in Germany, in a locality known as Pfeffel's Grarden, at Colmar. Pfeffel will be remembered as the blind German poet, aud he had engaged a young clergyman named Billing as his amanuensis. The poet was always led by his amanuensis when he walked out, which was most frequently in his garden. After a time Pf.ffel remarked that every time they came to a particular spot in the garden, Billing's arm trembled, and he manifested uneasiness. Some conversation about it finally occurred, when the young clergyman reluctantly stated that as often as they passed that spot certain sensations attacked him, which he could not overcome, and whioh he always experienced at places where human bodies were buried. When he came to suoh places at nj<jht, he saw strange sights. With a view to cure this man of his delusion, the poet returned with him to the g .rden that night; and when near enough, Billing said he saw what at first appeared to be a white, immaterial flame, which then took the form of a woman—one arru laid across the body, the other hanging down, waveriug, or at rcet, the feet elevated about two hand-breadths übovo the ground. Pfeffel walked up to it, sb the young man would not, and struck through the spot with his cane; but the spectre di 1 not move nor alter. It was as when oue strikes a stick through a flame; the fiery shape always recovered the eatne f rm. Mauy others also saw it, and quite a sensation was created ; and at last Pfeffel had the place dug up, when a skeleton was found, covered with quick-lime, as in time of pestilence. The bones wore taken out, the hole filled up, and the spectre was never seen again. Thk heroism which leads one to go courage ously on to the battle field sinks in comparison with that which exposes life to the contagion of a fearful and deadly disease. Of forty-eight Sisters of Charity tending the small-pox patients ia the Bice;re Hospital, at Paris, eleven died of the hideous malady. Volunteers from tho sisterhood were called for to fill their places, and thirty three instantly responded. In noticing the death of our lamented fellow citizen, Mr. Robert Bourne, the Sydney Mail gives the following interesting particulars of hit missionary career:—" On the 30th September, 1816, in the Surrey Chapel, London, he was or* dained for missionary service, under the auspices of the London Missionary Society, among the South Sea Islands, and on the 17th of November he embarked with David Darling, George Platt, and John Williams for his fellow-laborers. Theu immediate destination was Tahiti, where wonder* ful changes had already been wrought through the instrumentality of the agents of the above society, and their duty was to carry on, in Tahiti and its adjacent islands, the work which had been begun under circumstances of more than ordinary encouragement. It is chronicled by the Rev. Ebenezer Prout (the biographer of John Williams) that about this time, from many districts and islands—from men upon whom the light of truth had just dawned—there arose a simultaneous cry for instruction. Mr. Bourne and his missionary brethren were at Syd ney towards the close of 1817, and while here the little band received c very kind attentions from Governor Macquarie and from the late Rev. S. Marsden, and were constantly engaged in useful labors.' They sailed from Sydney to Tahiti in the Aotive. At that time the land about Sydney Cove was* [prettily timbered, and the Tank Stream, which is now a sewer beneath costly buildings, was a sparkling rivulet. Where flourishing suburbs are vow to be found, there was then nothing but green hills and forest land. John Williams, ' the martyr missionary,' in his published • Narrative of Missionary En terprises in the Sonth Sea Islands,' gives an account of Borne of the incidents of a missionary voyage made by Mr. Bourne, which shows that great success had attended the efforts of those who had been before them in the South Sea Island mission. He says : • The Hervey Group was next visited by my esteemed colleague, Mr. Bourne, who was much delighted with the pro gress which had been made at all the islands. He opened several places of worship, and bap tieed a great number of the natives.' One of the places visited was Aitutaki, in reference to which he wrote :—' They have built a coral pier, six hundred feet in length with eighteen feet in breadth. The number of plastered houses in the settlement is one hun dred and fifty-four, in inauy of which are bedsteads and sofas. The female teachers hnve taught the women to make good bonnets. They are diligent in learning, and numbers can read. Family and private prayer are very general. Everything has remained quiet since our last visit. Neither war nor rumor of war has been seen nor heard, although formerly it was their greatest delight, and the bodies of their slain enemies formed the horrible repast at the con clusion of every engagement.' Respecting Raro tonga, after having given an account of the large congregations to which he preached, the num bers he baptised, and the general progress which had been made, Mr. Bourne observes, in a letter quoted by John Williams :—' Much has been said in Europe concerning the success of the Gospel in Tahiti and Society Islands, but it is not to be compared with its progress in Raro tonga. In Tahiti, European missionaries labored for fifteen long jears before the least fruit ap peared. But two years ago Rarotonga was hardly known to exist, was not marked in aßy of the charts, and we spent much time in traversing i the ooean in search of it. Two years ago the Raro tongans did not know that there was such good news as the Gospel, and now I scruple not to say that their attention to the means of grace, their regard to family and private prayer, equals whatever has been witnessed at Tahiti and the neighboring islands. And when we look at the means it becomes more astonishing. Two native teachers not distinguished among their own countrymen for intelligence, have been the instrument* of effecting this wonderful change, and that before a single missionary had set foot upon the island. I could not help earnestly desiring the presence of my brother Williams that, as we shared in the disappointments ex perienced in our last voyage, we might share the joy which the change that has since taken place is calculated to produce.' When Mr. Bourne left the mission-field he came to Sydney and established the firm of Bourne and Co., in which were engaged other gentlemen who have Binoe filled important positions in business circles. He took an active part in matters of a religious and charitable nature. He removed to Moreton Bay, where, after its erection into an independent colony, he was appointed secretary to the Education Board." Fbok a correspondent who lately made the trip to England by the Red Sea route, we learn that the new system adopted on the P. and O. Company's boats of making those who drink wine, beer, and spirits pay for them, and the consequent reduction in the rates of passage, are giving great satisfaction. Heretofore it was the custom for the company to be profuse in the supply of liquors, and the quantity annually consumed in their fleet, within the last few years, amounted to 1,100,000 bottles of beer, wines, and spirits, and 200,000 bottles of sodawater, lemonade, &o.; The cost of these beverages had of course to be added to the fair oharge for the passage, and those who drank but little, or did not drink at all, had, therefore, practically, to pay a por« tion of the grog score of those who indulged in deep potations. Many promising young men had been ruined for life by the temptation thus ' thrown in their way on the voyage to India or Australia, either by becoming drunkards, or by being led into reckless gambling when excited by stimulants. Under the present system, no private drinking is allowed in cabins, except in case of sickness. Beverages are supplied at moderate charges, in the saloon only, and at fixed hours. The passengers are furnished with forms printed on cards, which they fill in and sign every time they require a glass of spirit?, or half a pint of wive, or a bottle of beer. This check has been found effectual in putting a stop to excessive drinking, very few persons taking anything beyond a moderate quantum at meals. Colkbidok. —I can recall many evening rambles with him over the high lands that look down on London; but the memory I cherish most is linked with a crowded street, where the clumsy and the coarse jostled the old man elo quent, as if he had been earthy, of the earth. It was in the Strand ; he pointed out to me the window of a room in the office of the Morning Post, where he had consumed much midnight oil; and then for half an hour he talked of the sorrowful joy he had often felt when leaving the office as day was dawning, he heard the song of a caged lark that sang his orisons from the lattice of au artisan, who was rising to begin his labor as the poet was pacing home wards to rest after his work all night. Thirty years had passed, but that unforgotten melody —that dear bird's song —gave him then as much true pleasure as when, to his wearied head and heart, it was tho matio. hymn of nature.— S. C. nail. Camxl Riding.—When mounted, tho camel's pace and movements are mostly insup portable. To keep his seat, the native driver is compelled to sit with vigilance. To all others the exercise is one of pain ful need or of pura English bravado. When the animal is at full speed or kept at an artificial trot, njt always attainable, there is some alleviation; but otherwise the movement resembles that of a rocking borßO tilted from tip to tip, and balked incessantly with ecceutrio shocks. The effect on the beginner is to induce sea-sickness, with this difference, that instead of the long and helpless misery of a steamboat convalescence, your recovery is here secured at once by a surprising and most unsettling remedy. The camel has been watching his opportunity, and judging it come, from the languid resistance you begin to oppose tc him, suddenly whisks his etoinach bottom upwards, spills you violently, tramples you in the sand, bites your ribs, flies off the track to the right or left, and leaves you bruised and blistered to be rejoined at leisure by the caravan.— Gentleman*» Magazine. 