MISSION TO THE ABORIGINALS. A public meeting was held in the Congrega- tional Church, Wharf-street, on March 27, to propose regulations and make other necessary arrangements for the formation of a Queensland Aboriginal Missionary Society in connection with Mr. Fuller's mission at Fraser's Island. There was a fair attendance, and the Rev. E. Griffith occupied the chair. The Chairman stated the object of the meet- ing, and said that they did not wish to occupy their time by impressing upon their minds the necessity for such a mission as the one proposed. That they took for granted, and it had been taken for granted for years. The meeting had been called in conformity with the course laid down at the meeting held prior to Mr. Buckle's departure for the island, that a meeting should be held as soon as possible after his return, and means taken for the permanent sustentation of a mission to the aboriginals. The Rev. Mr. Buckle was present, and would give a description of what he had seen at the mission during his residence there. The Rev. J. BUCKLE said that, as the chair- man had intimated, they had not come there to listen to arguments proving the necessity of a mission to the aboriginals, or demonstrating their claims upon our Christian sympathy. There was one point to which he would call attention which was, that he had been intimately acquainted with Mr. Fuller since his arrival in Brisbane, and although he knew a good deal about the working of the inner missionary spirit, yet he had never gave him any encourage- ment to undertake the mission. In fact, both as his ecclesiastical superior and as a friend, in conjunction with others, he had sought all in his power to dissuade him from the attempt. He had, however, pledged himself to undertake this work, and after all the arguments against the undertaking had been presented to him, he said that he had pledged himself not to man, but to Almighty God to proceed with it, and he would do so. In the month of December last, he re- ceived a letter from Mr. Fuller, informing him of what he had done on the island, and also that his private means with which he had been principally working, had been exhausted. Hav- ing occasion to go to Gympie, it was resolved that he (Mr. Buckle) should pay a visit to the scene of the mission. In pursuance of this design he left Brisbane on the 1st February, and proceeded to Gympie, and from thence to Maryborough, arriving there on the 14th February. Before he had been long in Mary- borough his attention was invited to two or three young black lads, who intimated that they had been for some time attending school in con- nection with the mission station at Fraser Island. He examined those boys to see if Mr. Fuller's letter concerning the progress made by the boys at school would be cor- roborated, and he found that not only was that report fully justified, but that they were really further advanced than had been stated. During his stay in Mary- borough he received a letter from Mr. David- son, the secretary of the committee in Brisbane, stating that the subscriptions were coming in liberally, and authorising him to spend £10 or £15 in necessities for the mission. Before he had arrived in Maryborough the friends of the mission had been actively making subscriptions for it, and had been very successful in getting a large amount of provisions from the store- keepers in the town, and a box of very useful necessaries had arrived from Rockhampton. He had spent even a little more than had been authorised by Mr. Davidson in getting useful requisites for Mr. Fuller. When they had got all ready for a start to the island, they were, by the kind permission of Mr. Travis, granted a free passage to Wide Bay by the steamer, and by the kindness of the Minister for Works, they were taken from there to Fraser's Island or Wingua- wullah as the natives termed it, by the pilot boat. The mission is situated about ten miles from the mouth of the Mary River, and on their arrival there they got a most cordial and hearty reception frem Mr. Fuller. The house is a most simple and unpretentious establishment, and consists of a wooden frame covered with ordinary ticking sufficient to screen Mr. Fuller from the rays of the sun, but he very much doubted if it was sufficient to afford much protection during one of the heavy thunder- storms to which we are accustomed. Mr. Fuller's industry was remarkable since he had arrived at the island in October last. He had, in company with his coadjutors, cleared over an acre and a half of land, and they had sown various classes of seeds. He was sorry to say, however, that the plants had thriven very badly through some cause. There were two classes of soil on the island; the first was of a light sandy nature, and the other a rich black vegetable soil. Mr. Hill, of the Gardens, to whom he had shown specimens of the soil, had informed him that the latter class would, with proper drainage and thorough cultivation, prove very productive. He had also said that the failure of the seeds proceeded from their being planted in the wrong season. Since Mr. Fuller had been there there was not the slighest doubt that he had earned his bread by the sweat of his brow. With his own hands, and with only a spade and a tin- dish as instruments, he had dam- med back the waters of a creek, so as to have a supply of fresh water in all seasons. He (Mr. Buckle) had tasted this water, and he must say that it was the best he had ever drank in Queens- land. He had also constructed another dam which was originally intended for a private bath, and also a dam sufficiently capacious for twenty persons to bathe in. The natives of this island had always borne the cha- racter of being very savage, and also treacherous, and perhaps there were good reasons to give them this name. The fact that they were cannibals was proved incontestably. Not more than three weeks before his (Mr. Buckle's) arrival there, one of the finest young men on the is- land was with his mother destroyed, and there was very strong proof that their flesh had been also eaten. He had, however, observed very many traits of natural affection among the natives which he did not expect. He had also observed that some of the ladies were desti- tute of the first joint of the little finger on the left hand, and on inquiring the reason for this mutilation was told that it was a sign that the damsel had been led to the hymeneal altar, and was submitted as a proof of the affection in which the wife held her husband; nevertheless it was not a compulsory por- tion of the marriage ceremony but entirely optional with the lady. Mr. Fuller taught two classes of the natives daily, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Some of the children were now able to write letters of the alphabet, and make figures on slates. There was also an advanced class, which three pupils attended—Lennie, Tommy, and Tobie. Len- nie had made very rapid progress, and was now able to read the New Testament with compara- tively little assistance. He had asked Mr. Fuller if the blacks had any idea of a Supreme Being, and he had told him that the belief in a superior being was general among them. They also alitybelieved in the existence of an evil spirit, whom they called "Mellong." They ascribed all their troubles to him, and be- lieved his mission was to annoy and bother them. In a private conversation which he had with them they fully corroborated these state- ments, and he also found that they believed very implicitly in ghosts, whom they called "Muther muther." During his stay he had some very interesting conversations with them, and they had treated him very kindly. They had treated him to some excellent crabs, but their principal food was a root called Kullwine, a species of fern, the native houeysuckle and a large cockle called by them "Hurong." Mr. Fuller had taught them to sing some hymns, and they could now render several in a very pleasing and effective manner. He had not the least doubt that Mr. Fuller, despite all the dangers of his position, and all the deprivations he had to undergo, would continue his work upon the island, and that he was prepared for every thing that came before him. He had put the question to him that in the event of his station being broken open, and his provisions robbed, or even his life en- dangered, what course he would pursue? and he had answered that he would still persevere. Hitherto, although he had exposed his life in a most perilous manner, he had been protected by the providence of God, and ex- pressed the fullest confidence in the blacks by whom he was surrounded. His provisions were exposed nightly to robbery, but not a single native had interfered with them. He concluded by expressing a hope that some practical measures would be taken for the sustentation of the mission, as its importance and usefulness had now been clearly proved. The Chairman said that they intended to form a society free from all sectarian bias, but simply with the object of sending the Gospel among the aboriginals, and ipon the same basis as the London Missionary Society. Mr. Davidson then read the rules of the pro- posed association. The Rev. B. G. WILSON moved the first reso- lution, as follows:—"That this meeting recog- nises the necessity of an effort being made to spread the knowledge of Christ among the (heathen) aborigines of this colony, and proposes that the Queensland Aboriginal Missionary So- ciety be formed for that object, based upon the regulations now read for approval, and that an adjourned meeting be held in May, to consider the confirmation of the plan." The resolution was seconded by Mr. HOOKER, and carried unanimously. The Rev. J. G. HAUSMANN moved the second resolution, as follows:—" That Mr. J. C. Foote be treasurer, Mr. E. Hooker be secre- tary, and the Revs. B. G. Wilson, E. Griffith, C. Ogg, J. Buckle, S. Savage, and Messrs. Milne, A. Davidson, J. S. Swan, R. Davidson, and A. Robertson, be the committee, in accordance with the fifth regulation; and that they be requested to communicate with ministers and other parties not resident in Brisbane, with the object of inviting them to co-operate as members of the society." The motion was seconded by Mr. ROGERS, and carried unanimously. The doxology was then sung, and the meeting terminated with prayer. A collection was made at the door in aid of the object, and a considerable sum realised. 