THE NOVELIST. THE MYSTERY OP EDWIN DR O OD. BY CHARLES DICKENS. Hence, when Mr. Jasper and Durdles pause to glance around them, before descending into tho crypt by a small side door of which tho latter has a key, the whole expanse of moonlight in their vio wis utterly deserted. One might fancy that the tide of lifo was stemmed by Mr. Jasper's own Gatehouse. Tho murmur of the tide is heard beyond ; but no wave passes tho archway, over which his lamp burns rod beliind his curtain, as if the building were a lighthouse. They enter, looking themselves in, descended tho rugged steps, and aro down in the Crypt. The lantern is not wanted, for the moonlight strikes in at the groined windows, bare of glass, tho broken frames for whioh cast patterns on the ground. The heavy pillars which support the roof engender the masses of black Bhade, but between them thoro are lanos of light. Up and down these lanes, thoy walk, Durdles discoursing of tho " old uns" he yot counts on disinterring, and slapping a wall, in which he considers " a whole family on 'om" to lie stoned and earthed up, just as if ho woro a familiar friend of the family. The taciturnity of Durdles is for the time overcome by Mr. Jasper's wicker bottle, which circulates freely;-in the sense, that is to say, that its contents enter freely into Mr. Durdlo's circulation, while Mr. Jasper only rinses his mouth once, and casts forth the rinsing. Thoy aro to ascend the great Tower. On thc steps by which thoy rise to tho Cathedral, Durdles pauses for nowstoro of breath. The steps aro very dark, but out of the darkness they can see tho lanes of light they have traversed. Durdles seats himself upon a stop. Mr. Jasper seats himself upon another. The odour from tho wicker bottle (which has somehow passed into Durdle's keeping), soon intimates that tho cork has been taken out ; but this is not ascertainable through tho sense of sight, since neither can descry thejother. And yet, in talking, they turn to one another as though their faces could commune together. "Tkiá is good stuff Mr. Jasper ! " "It is very good stuff, I hope. I bought it on purpose." " They don't show, you see, tho old uns don't Mister Jarsper !" "It would bo a more confused world than it is, if they could." " Well, it would lead towards a mixing of things," Durdles acquiesces : pausing on tho remark, as if the idea of ghost3 had not previously presented itself to him in a merely inconvenient light, domestically or chronologically. "But do you think thero may be ghosts of other things, though not of men and women ? " "What things? Flower-beds and watering-pots? Hearses and harness ?" "No. Sounds-" . "What sounds?" "Cries." " What cries do you mean ? Chairs to mend !" " No. I mean screeches. Now, I'll tell you, Mister Jarsper. "Wait a bit till I put tho bottle right." Here the cork is evidently taken out again, and replaced again. "There! Now it's right ! This time last year, only a few days later, I happened to havo been doing what was correct by tho season, in tho way of giving it tho welcome it had a right to expect, when them town-boys set on me at their worst. At length I gave 'em the slip, and turned in here. And hore I fell asleep. And what woko me ? The ghost of a cry. The ghost of one terrific shriek, whioh shriek was followed by the ghost of tho howl of a dog : a long dismal woeful howl, such as a dog gives when a person's dead. That was my last Ohristmast Kvo." " What do you mean ?" is tho very abrupt, and, one might say, fierce retort. " I mean that I mado inquiries everywhere about, and that no living ears but mino heard either that cry or that howl. So I say they was both ghosts ; though why they cams to mo, I've never made out." " I thought you were another kind of man," says Jasper, scornfully. " So I thought, myself," answers Durdles with his usual composure ; " and yet I was picked out for it." Jasper had risen suddenly, when, ho asked him what he Imeant. and he now says, " Como ; we shall freeze here ; lead tho way." Durdles complies, not over-steadily ; opens the¿door at the top of tho steps with tho key he has already used; and so emerges on tho Cathedral level,-,in a passage at tho side of the chancel. Here, the moon light is so very bright again that the colours of tho nearest stained-glass window are thrown upon their faces. The appearance of thc unconscious Durdles, holding the door open for his companion to follow,'¿as if from the grave, is ghastly enough, with a purple band across his faco, and a yellow splash upon his brow ; but he bears the close sorutinty of his com panion in an insensible way, although it is prolonged while the latter fumbles among his pockets for a key confided to him that .will open an iron gate so as to enable them to pass to the staircase »of the great j tower. "That and tho bottlo^are enoughfor you to carry,)' ho fays, giving it to Durdlos ; " hand your bundle to mo, I am younger, and longer-winded than you." Durdles hesitates for a moment between bundle and bottle : but gives the preference to tho bottle as being by far the better company, and consigns the dry weight to his fellow-explorer. Then they go up the winding staircase of tho great tower, toilsomely, turning and turning, and lowering their heads to avoid tho stairs above, or the rough stono pivot around which they twist. Durdles has lighted his lantern, by drawing from the cold hard wall a spark of that mysterious tire which lurks in everything, and, guided by this speck, they clamber up among the cobwebs and the dust. Their way lies through strange places. Twico or thrice they emerge into lovel low-arched galleries, whonco they can look down into tho moonlit nave ; and whore Durdles, waving his lantern, showsthe dim angels' heads upon tho corbels of tho roof, seeming to watch their pro gress. Anon, they tum into narrower and steeper staucases, and the night air begins to blow upon them and the chirp of somo startled jackdaw or frightened rook precedes tho heavy beating of wings iu a confined space, and tho beating down of dust and straws upon their hoads. At last, leaving their light behind a ^au'-for it blows fresh up hore-they look down on Oloistorham, fair to seo in tho moonlight ; its ruined habitations and sanctuaries of tho dead, afc the tower's hase ; its moss- softoucd red-tiled roofs and red-brick nouses of tho living, olusterod beyond : its river winding down from the mist on tho horizon, as though that were its source, aud already heaving with a restless knowledge of its approach towards tho sea. Once again, an unaccountable expedition thi3 ! Jasper (always moving softly with no visiblo reason) contemplates the Boone, and especially that stillest part of it which tho Cathedral overshadows. But he contemplates Durdles quito as curiously, and Durdles 18 by times conscious of his watchful oyes. Only by times, because Durdles is growing drowsy. As aeronauts lighten the load they carry, when they wish to rise, similarly Durdles has lightened the wicker bottle in coming up. Snatches of sleep sur prises him on his legs, and stop him in his talk. A mild flt of calenture seizes him, in which he deems that tho ground, so far below, is on a level with the tower, and would as lief walk off the tower into the air as not. Such is his state when they begin to come down. And as aeronauts make thomselves heavier when they wish to descend, similarly Durdles charges himself with more liquid from the wicker bottle, that he may ooma down tho better. The iron gate attained and looked-but not beforo Durdles has tumbled twice, and out an eyebrow open -they descend into the crypt again, with the intent of issuing forth as they entered. But, while returning among those lanes of light, Durdles becomes so very uncertain, both of foot and speeoh, that he half drops, half throws himself down, by one of tho heavy pillars, scarcely less heavy than itself, and indistinctly appeals to his companion for forty winks of a second each. " If you will havo it so, or must have it so," replies Jasper, "I'll not leave you here. Take them, while I walk to and fro." Durdles is asleep at once ; and in his sleep ho dreams a dream. It is not much of a dream, considering tho vast extontof tho domains of dreamland, and their wonder ful productions ; it is only remarkable for being unusually restless, and unusually real. He dreams of lying there asleep, and yet counting his companion's footsteps as ho walks to and fro. Ho dreams that the footsteps die away into distance of timo and of space, and that something touches him, and that something falls from his hand. Then something clinks and gropes about, and ho dreams that he is alone for so long a time, that the limos of light take new directions as the moon advances in her course. Prom succeeding uncon sciousness, ho passes into a dream of slow uneasiness from cold ; and painfully awakes to a perception of the lanes of light-really changed, much as ho had dreamed -and Jasper walking anions; them beating his hands and feet. " Holloa !" Durdles ciies out, unmeaningly alarmed. " Awake at last !" says Jaspor, coming up to him. "Do you know that your sorties havo stretched into thousands ?" "No." " They have though. " " "What's the timo ?" " Hark !" The bells aro going in tho Tower 1" They strike four quarters, and thou the great bell strikes. " Two !" cries Durdles, scrambling up ; " why didn't you try to wako me, Mister Jarsper ?" " I did. I might as well havo tried to wake the dead-your own family of dead, up in the corner there." " Did you touch me ?" "Touch you? Yes, Shook you." As Durdles recalls that touching something in his dream, he looks down on the pavement, and sees tho key of tho crypt door lying close to where he himself lay. " I dropped you, did I?" he says, picking it up, and recalling that part of his dream. As he gathers him, self again into an upright position, or into a position ns nearly upright as he over maintains, ho is again conscious of being watched by his companion. " "Well,"says Jasper smiling. " Are you quite ready? Pray don't hurry." "Let me get my bundle right, Mister Jarsper, and I'm with you." As ho tios it afresh, he is once more oonscious that he is very narrowly observed. " What do you suspect mo of, Mister Jarsper ?" he asks, with drunken displeasure. "Let them as has any suspicions of Durdles, namo 'em." " I've no suspicions of you, my good Mr. Durdles ; but I have suspicions that my bottle was filled with something stiffer than either of us supposed. " And I also have suspicions," Jarsper adds, taking it from tho pavement and turning it bottom upward, that it's empty." Durdles condescends to laugh at this. Continuing to chuckle when his laugh is over, os though remon strant with himself on his drinking powers, ho rolls to tho door and unlocks it. They both pass out, and Durdles relocks it, and pockets his koy. A thousand thanks for a carious and interesting night," says Jasper, giving Mm his hand : " you can make your own way home." " I should think so !" answered Durdles. " If you was to offer Durdles the affront to show him his way home, he wouldn't go home." Durdles wouldn't go homo till morning, And then Durdlos wouldn't go homo, Durdles wouldn't. This, with the utmost defiance. " Good night, then.'" "Good night, Mister Jarsper." Each is turning his own way, when a sharp whistle rends the silence, and the jargon is yelped out - Widdy widdy won ! I- ket- ches-Im-out-ar-ter-ten. Widdy widdy wy 1 Then-E-don't-go-then-I-shy Widdy AViddy Wake-cock warning. Instantly afterwards, a rapid fire ot stone rattles at tho Cathedral wall, and the hideous small boy is beheld opposite, dancing in tho moonlight. ""What; is that baby-devil on the watch thero !" orios Jasper in a fury : so quickly roused, fand so violent, that ho seoms an older devil himself. " I shall shed the blood of that Impish wretch ; I know I shall do it !" Regardless of tho fire, though it hits him more than onco, he rushes at Deputy, collars him, and tries to bring him across. But Deputy is not to bo so easily brought across. With a diabolical ..insight into the strongest part of his position, ho is no soonor taken by tho throat than he ouiis up his legs, forces his assailant to hang him, as it were, and gurgles in his throat, and screws his body, and twists, _ as already undergoing tho first agonies of strangulation. Thoro is nothing for it but to drop him. Ho instantly gets himself togothor, backs over to Durdles, and cries to his assailant, gnashing tho great gap in front of his month with rage and malice. " I'll blind yer, s'elp mo ! I'll stone yer eyes out, s'olp me ! If I don't havo yer eyesight, bellows mo !" At tho samo dodging behind Durdles, and snarling at Jaspor, now from this sido of him, and now from that ; prepared, if pounced upon, to dart away in all mannor of curvilinear directions, aud, if run down after all, to grovel in the dust, and cry : " Now, hit me when I'm down ; Do it?" " Don't hurt tho boy, Mister Jarsper," urges Durdles, shielding him. " Recollect yoursolf." " Ho followed u3 to-night, when we first came hero." " Yor lie, I didn't !" replies Deputy, in his one form of polite contradiction. " Kohas been prowling near. us ever since!" "Yer lio, I haven't," returns Deputy. " I'd only j ist como out for my 'elth when I seo you two a coming out of tho Kinfreederel If " I-kot-cho3-Im-out-ar-ter-ton." (with the usual rhythm and dance, though dodging boMnd Durdles), " it ain't my fault, is it ?" " Take him home, then," retorts Jasper, ferociously, though with a strong oheok upon himself, " and let ray eyes be rid of the sight of you." Deputy, with another sharp whistle^ at once express ing hiB relief, and his commencement of a milder ston ing of Mr. Durdles, begins stoning that respectable gentleman homo, as if were a reluctant ox. Mr. Jasper goes tojhis Gate-house, brooding. And thus, as every thing comes to an end, the unaccountable expedition comes to an end-for the time. 