A 0' A T^rA . Br James Bunlop. Chapter IX: Snares* ? . . ' Well j you see, sir/' stud the keeper, ' itfs. well known in these parts so there's no liarm in m y telling you that Sir Arnold has a son. May be you never heard that'feefore?' ; 'Never.** ♦'No! -Well 'his son's not exactly what would1 be called legitimate. He Vita torn just before Sir Arnold took to this way of living, 'His mother— a real ladr— died, poor wing; jusi a ww twysairer ne was. oom. ju waa always believed that Sir Arnold weant to marry her, but, jast before her; disgrace; she ran away and hid herself; and it was not till, after her death that -Sir Arnold found where - she had gone. ' He was a -different man after this. He brought the child home with him, and here he has remained living by himself ever since. 'Bye-anu-bye as the boy; grew older he took — as iJlj good spirited .bpys do-^— to be veryibnd oFsi»rt;.piut Sir Arnold was: hard on Mm, and' to prevent his turning out, as he said, a scape grace Jike what he had been he would hardly allow, him. common liberty.! To break his spirit lie .made him do; the greatest ? w uugeryrr— wura. uin^uie T«ry -BBTvaniB WOUlU have turned up their noses at And, yet he was fond of the boy and the boy was fond of him^ but at last he carried his harshness too far. ; ' I. was just turning, in, one night when a knock comes to the door, and when I opened it who should it be but the young master. ' ':i Johnson,' lie says, « I've come to say good-bye.' * Why, where on «arth are. you going 7 * That's more than I can tell myself/ he says, 'all I know is: that I can stand this no longer.' ' Well, Itried to reason. with him but^it wouldn't do. I told ? hiss that I believed hie father (Sir Arnold never tried- to hide ihe relationship), was . very fond! of /him and ?? that he should try to put up with.it. .J* Johnson,' he aays, 'you don't know anything about it, andjif you -don't: like to part friendly and give me your advice I must go all the same.' ' When I saw it was no tue arguing -with him I gave in. I walked to the Railway Station' with him, and when he shook hands with me , at parting, the tears ran down the poor lad's cheeks. I asked him - to write to me but he said it would only get me into trouble, and although I said dash the trouble he still held out. ' And so in that cold winter night he went off into the world without ia friend to help him. He, was thinly clothed, and I wanted him to ; take my overcoat to keep him warm but he wouldn't have it. Just as the .train moved away, however, I, got on the step and shoved it. in' at,,the:' window. ' God. bless ^you, Johnston/ he shouted back to me;' 'Give this. to the children/ He threw something -from the window,: and when the train had gone/I picked it up. I thought the tears would . burn- ? my «yes out ' when I looked at it. i It ^ was - sovereign, .and it was few of them he had to spare. I have it still,: sir, against he coiies back, for it'll. never be said that Will Johnston ;ever. . took the bread from the mouth of the orphan* ' When Sir Arnold found what had hap pened he was like a man demented. He sent everywhere in search of Mr. Roland, but?he has never been heard of again. God help all Tirho were unkind to him if he is dead I u Sir Arnold still believes that he will return. He cannot leave, his ^entailed; estates to him of course, and that's why he is isuch a miser. He is laying up a hoard for the boy. And more than that he keeps always ready as fine a pair of hunters and as fiae a sporting turn out as there is in all England^ Wause he believes that some day. Ealand , will return.' At this point a' couple of pippin-faced children rush from the lodge which they are approaching, and* clasping the keepers knees, cairbim lay the name of father. ' We are now at the lodge, sir,' says . the keeper, 'will you walk in and see the kennels.' ' Thank you j no,' says Mr. Maltland, quietly, and taking some coin from his pocket he gives a trifle to each of the children and proceeds oa his way. In a ehprt time he is toasting, .his second hand suit in .bis private office. In a short time be is in the same 'bus that has carried him for years ; and in another brief period he is seated at dinner with his brother (one. of whom we shall hear more presently) in bis own villa in the suburbs. Sir Arnold Amstrelle seldom walks in his grounds. In a musty room at the hack of his mansion which he calls the library is his favorite retreat. It is, indeed, a library in the true sense of the word. Not one of those prim apartments where regimental rows of books bespeak moire love of ornament and display than affection ibr literature, but -rae where are to be found in confused profusion books rare and costly, of. gUtrcalf truly, ,but thumbed and well worn. Here the baronet has been- Accustomed to spend most of his time. A high leathern chair and writing table occupy the only few clear feet of floor. Tue resf isjcovered in a maze of :booto,.inagv aztnes, and; papers. On the wall opppsite his chair is a painting representing a female .of extreme liveliness. nTherels aa indescribable expression of- sadness in - the- eyes, -however-^ a strange prognoEtic (even in the happy days when taia was taken) of her fate. ? On tW morning of our story. Sir, Arnold is in ibis apartment.. -He sits hack in his reagy chair with . the points of bis fingers together and ; gazes thoughtfully fromUthe : window* Sometimes bis eyes will involuntarily wander till they meet those pensive ones fa the por trait, and at these times an, Expression pf pain will cross his countenance. . Then he looks to the window again. Not a very tempting day to be out iu certainly. The sky is heavy i and lowering, the wind gusty, and the last dead leaves are being shaken from the birches that' stand rattling their bare limbs like skeletons. Yet Sir Arnold is fidgety and. restless. Ever and again he keeps locking at the thick cloud1 3 drifting, snd somehow hopes -that the rain will not come down. Onoeontwke a bluster of sleet lias dashed itself against, the glass as if trying to^et in-doora from the cold but it has ?'pasBed' again, only leaving the air a little more dullpthe -trees:. moie skeleton-like, and die day more-diem al. ^Ooodalfeshave mercy !?' says old Grim shaw, :whb has discarded his green livery for a suit'ofJrus'ty shrivelled black— like leaves of autumn 'upon his scraggy limbs. r* «' And what's the matter now?' enquires the ;- 8tartled: Mrs. 'Grimehaw, making two pairs of gams - with her lips as a toothless tiger .might do. 'U Lpoffor jourself/r snaps her indulgent husband, kneading the inner ; layer of paste into a piedish but still staring, at some won derful object open mouthed. , Curiosity is not a thing of years, and in as short a time as this old lady can shuffle across from the: fire where she has been engaged in toasting a home-made cake (and her knees) she too is standing at the window, her face the -picture of diBmay. ' Where can he be going ?' she mumbles. 'Look at ' his clothes, »nd it going to rain too 1' she continues with astonishment, and truly the brronet is arrayed- in somewhat ex traordinary holiday costume. Hat with wide, curled brim, coat of bottle green, with wide flaps/ehorts/and gaiters. , Ihe worthy couple follow him till he is lost tQ their jsight, and -both are: obviously rumin ating as to this^unusual behaviour on the part of; their, .master. , At length the lady hits it — (oh 4he wonderful penetration dfcthe sex! — and commences a series of spasmodic contor tions like the premonitary symptoms of a fit. She writhes, for a few minutes in a perfect agony of . amusement, displaying an.amount of energy in the mana gement of , the diaphragm hardly tojbe looked for in one so .old. ! This want of conjjgal sympathy is very aggravating to her spouse who. fails to see the f point', and is not at all pleased at being the last to see it ? His expression is far from indicating ux orial affection, and a certain involuntary twitch ing of the fingers might give, rise to the suspicion that he would not seriously object to finish, the operation which his espoused had already commenced, viz : that of strangu lation. ' ?'What is the old Jezebel snickering at ?' he propounds— lashing himself into a foam. * uOh, ho; ho,' replies Mrs. Grimshaw placing her skinny fingers upon her skinny sides. ' What in the name of vipers does the old witch mean by *oh, oh, oh ?' enquires Mr. Grimshaw making a grimace as school chil dren 'are very fond of doing to relieve their feelings, and as some grown up (married) persons are very fond of imitating. ' Eh, what's the ho, ho, ho ? ' Mrs. G. takes a long inspiration, wheezes painfully, and .commences afresh — 'Oh, ho, ho, the figure that an old man cuts that's in love 1 Oh, ho.' * Even now the gentleman does sot see it. 'Who's in love?' he asks, foaming still more. ^Why Mm!' exclaims the dame with some contempt at his obtuseness, pointing to where her old master had disappeared. \- Sir Arnold himself would, have scouted such an, idea with even more asperity than does his green- gooBeberry butler, for the disease thus ascribed to him is aa insidious as any. Ten out of twenty who are martyrs, hardly know their complaint, and on the other hand, ten out of twenty who fancy themselves ensnared are nothing of the kind. Sir Arnold is one of the former. Had anyone insinuated such a weakness as belonging to him, a remedy would have been at hand by showing him in its first stages the absurdity of the attack. JJut when the wind seemed to whisper ' Agatha ' to him .through thecurtains.of his bed, when ' Der Freischutz' was constantly running through his brain, when the print of Agatha's tiny feet was still upon the gravel at ha door, the baronet, to say the least of it was uneasy. = He walks aimlessly, yet watchfully, through his grounds. Every spot that Agatha praised he visits— fearfully, however, and on tne alert, as |f afraid of being taken by surprise. He walks for hours, starting at times, and bending low to peer beneath the branches of the trees where he fancied he saw a figure pass. Then he strides on again with somewhat infirm gait till a blast of rain comes and he withdraws under a walnut tree for shelter. You are too old for woman-hunting Sir Arnold ! You look vastly ridiculous if you but knew it 1 That which in the young is comical enough ? that tracking after charms — suits old age but badly! Be a. man 1 Go home to your lonely dwelling, and there in that loneliness which is but the reward of your own folly (to name it mildly), strive to expiate the past 1 What cannot be reclaimed, may still be repented — is still capable of some restitution ! With a -certain wearied hopelessness the old man turns home. It may be that in that heart of Mb there is a vacancy which a sad memory haunts like a ghost. A yearning after the sympathy of a fellow being, vague, yet far from painless. Let us more pity than blame or ridicule him. God known the best or us are weak enough. He takes a long round towards the manor house. : As if led by a crontrolling power, hiB steps wander in the vicinity of Agatha's park which adjoins. his own. .What, causes him to stop short and loook before him eagerly ? , Ah! a slim figure is moving from him on the lawn towards her mansion ! As none else is in his thoughts, so he decides that this can be none bxitshe. He watches the spot where she is no more seen, and sighing turns home. Tie figure was only that of Ursula Graeme, Agatha's maid. The baronet took it for that Of Agatha. 'When he reaches home tired and wet, he at once proceeds to his favorite room. It is darkening and he sits in the shadow. What a. strange fate,1 what a strange heart is his ! These more than twenty years of his seclu sion have not entirely killed it. They have but withered it, and thin first flood of grateful mpisftrre has sunk to its roots, causing that which had- drooped to raise itself strongly anew. It & possible that the world— which can .sooner Wight the heart than solitude — ujrbuldhavecfosed it, so that this beam of light wMch- has ihbitr mysteriously illumined its isepnlchral 'recesses, would have beat coldly andJruitlessly on its steel encased ashes. For thtThearfc Is even like a taper that will burn long and give light when well husbanded, but when cast into a fire is soon lost and goes out. Or like fruit in one of those, caves, the .con stant droppings of whose waters will first en case it in a rind of stone, And finally petrify it to the core. When Sir Arnold, is seated, he remains gloomy and thoughtful till ;lpng after the dark ness bHs fallen. More than once he buries his face in his hands, and at those times his body will quiver with inward emotion. Oh, there never yet Breathed the man with a thoroughly bad heart. The world may often embitter it, making it somewhat of the vile thing it'calls it ; but when a man is alone, when all* thje turbulencies and persecutions of his fellow-men are for the moment forgotten or unheeded, the fountains burst forth again with what has been left, of their innocence and beauty. 'When the lamps are brought he still sits with his face covered by his hands (when the servant entered he feigned to read) until, raising his eyes, they once more meet those surpassingly sad ones of the portrait. Like one aroused .from a nightmare he rises and stands before it. Beaching up, he kisses the passionless lips, murmuring — ' Ah, to you, my only love I must be true ; to you I will he true.' But men, since Adam, have fallen. At the same moment that this man is pay ing renewed vows to his deceived and lost, the woman called Agatha is in her boudoir. 'And how did the. old man appear'? 'she asks of Ursula. *' Most handsome ! ' is the reply, but a look from Agatha satisfies thejnaid that heridiplo macy is sadly' at fault. ' I do not require you to speak that which is untrue,' says the lady. ?* I spoke in irony,' excused the maid. *' In truth he looked supremely ridiculous.'* *? And he waited several hours ? ' ' Nearly four I think after I arrived, which was about one o'clock.*' ' And he appeared to be waiting for some one?' ' Most assuredly.' Agatha makes no remark, but when her maid has gone, sighs half amusedly, half con temptuously, 'Poor old man!' and then laughs a little tingling laugh like the shiver of a rapier. To be continued. 