gM'gl"1'!". j j. j "" 1 l_ !.. .. THE FORMER" DISTRESSES OF. FRANCE. —A. II ISTORICA L ; I'AUA LLEL. fXcio York Herald,).. . nniz-if, the historian nh'l statesman, 1ms written 'that - England- owes , her existing liberties to having been overrun .; ami: conquered by... I ho Normnns. This assertion', which at first seems to .ho a paradox, !» found to be-fully sustained by the testimony of'fact. Tho Saxons also tored liberty , huttat_thsJjjne when the new invaders — appeared tho sturdy spirit that '.onco animated them ha I begun tn wane, and it .required the stimulus -imparted by tho .arrival of William tho Conqueror .and his- splendid warriors to revive it. Subsequently victor and vanquished aliko shared thn.bi'iiettt of a manlier life and healtliier institu tions. — . - There are very many 'who bcllcvo that the modern .William who how wonra tho imperial crown of Germany in .tho palaccrof the French kings, at Versailles,- isL destined indirectly to infuse ..similarly fresh vigor into tho laws 'and blond hf France, since, although, for the moment, \- be sits upon an eminence apexod with bayonets, beneath' which is a vast Union of States hithcrtq "jarring and discordant, but now closely pressed together by a common national fcelingit is true, but also by a rigid military system which is as near an approach to, a real despotism ns-our peculiar, period will ' tolerate, the inevitable in tercourse of his armies with the people among whom they nro temporarily stationed will, in tho long-run, be a mutual bouefit. Othors contend that ; Franco is so exhausted and prostrated tlwt her present condition ia ft complete down- fail—that she can neither fight any longer nor gn'tarri herself in pence without assistance and surveillmico;. It is not this question that wo pro- pose -to 'discuss tndny, since'it refers to tho future, and, ' In snch cases, one opinion is as good as nnnthhr. tlio only difference - boing against- that rude, dogmatic 'assertion, without proof .which Is but "sounding brass." Our object now is simply tn glance bnck nt two or three periods In the history of-iFrnnccy.when that greAt nation seomed tn be utterly crushed, 'and 1 thence to draw somo illustration of the marvellous recuperative ener gies which' It, has always displayed. Tn doing this' wo must cnnsiderall things relatively, or wo violnto bi)tli : history and common sense. Each age iiAs hnd its own weapons and its own military systems, and the compact discipline ami improved arms of the Germans bear do higher relation to tha previously supposed skill, valor and superb equipment of- the French than did the dssh, agility and numbers of tho_Paynim hosts who swept over Southern, and Eastern. Europe more than a thousand years' ago to the 'prowess of the races they assailed. If tho Prussians 'had neerilo- gu'ns the' French bad the Cbnssepots,' which "did such wonders , at Metana if the former were flushed with Sadowo, on the Gallic banners glistened, the inscriptions of.'.Magenta and ,Sol- ferino.; if William, ; tho soldier king, headed the one host, the other, had the. magic name of a Napoleon at tiio tite d'armte. MocMahon and Bazaino were thought to boa sufficient setoff to \- rVon-Mo)tko nnd -the Crown. Prince....0ne_side>r. the bother must win, and when the struggle is lover there Is no luck of learned reasons to show why. In the meantime things are rotative to-day as they were yesterday and will be to- morrow. It whs in 732 that Abdorrahman, flushed with tbe'conquestR of Africa and Spain, poured over the Pyrenoes— an almost countless array of Arab warriors, veterans of'a dozen campaigns, ' thoroughly disciplined, "perfectly skilled In the use of weapons and inspired with tho traditionary romance and valor of the East Tho Saracen light-cavalry— the-Ulilans of tbose-days— spread- over the ' wliole - south- of France liko swarms of stinging locusts, which slew as well as.devourcd. . Villages, . and - towns were ruthlessly burned, all — the strong cities fell, one after tho other, and tho whole land blazed with conflagration up tp_.th.o_ 'Very- gates of "Tours. ; Not only France but all Northern Christendom was terror-stricken, aud it is no, less "an authority, than Gibbon "who writes that tho battle of- Tours, in which CharleB Marlel . ' .finally arrested this flood of. woe, .was tho event that " rescued our ancestors of Britain and neigh- bora. of Gaul from the civil and religious, yoke of. the Koran." Such wafTthe tremendous number bf'tho invaders that in tho one battle alone, as the monkish ehrpnictars rotate, three hundrod and seventy thousand Arabs wore slaiu. Yet, previous' "n M« dpfcnf tho wlmta region of ' Nurhnnne. Touloose rind Bordeaux bad been seared like a desert, .and the river Garonne floated thick with Hie bodies of the unfortunate pooplo who- had dwelt on Itsbnnks.- At Tours, which tho Moslems had at. first, succeeded in storming, " their fury and cnv'lty toward thejnhnbitauts were. tho8e'of- rnging tigers."'Even after the flight of the Saracens back into Spain tho south of Gaul was thought to bo mined, beyond recuperation ; but In . less thao thirty- years, or before the beginning of tho period o( Charlemagne, It was blooming llko a garden and was full of ' population. Yet there were no railroads, telegraphs nor steam -vessels. In thuae 'fifty, to facilitate and hasten intercourse.' ' "»- Descending the stream of. time until we arrive seven hundred years nearer to tho present hour, nndindoiog so- passing by repeated epochs of devastation through war, flood and pestilence, each of which was declared to be tho irrevocable ruin of the French, 'we have now bofore us the triumphant English inraRlon in the first quarter of, thefiftoentH century. The apparently irresistible Mariders';had Installed their o wn monarch ..with, royal, pomp at Paris, and tho physical prowess ' diflclplipe and veteran skill of their soldiers as hopelessly. overbore tho utmost chivalry of France as did , the ability of their loaders. As the old historian, Da Selves, referred to by Creasy, shows, the- very, brate.-crefttion flccmcd to partake. tho. general misery and horror that had fallen upon the land, utterly wasted, as it was, to tho Loire, and decimated and cowed by continual disasters. Says.thc.chroniclcr:— ' In sooth .tho. estAto of Franco wasthen most % 'miserable. There 'appeared nothing but a horrible , 1 face; confusion, poverty, desolation, solitarinosse and fearo. The lean and bare laborers in tho oountry did terrify'even thccves themselves, wlio « had nothing loft to them to spoil but the carkosses. « of these poorc, miserable creatures, wandering np an«ldp\vn;like ghostes drawno out of their graves. The least farmes and hamlets were fortified by — these robbers— English, Qnurguignons and French —every one striving to do his worst j all mon-of- wnr were well agreed to spoil thio countryman and merchant . Even tho cattoH, accustomed to- the Idrunie belli tho sign of. the enemy's approach, \- would ran home of themsolves without any guide by this accustomed misery," The Englieh and Burgundians (traitors) had in fine' complctdiy conquered and 'exhausted France, to' whoui only oho Important stronghold remained — nt Orleans. All tho remaining provinces had RubmilU'd ,jlio weak Trench King wna' medi tating flight, arid tho fate of Ireland seemed cer tain1 to' overtake Franco ns tho massed' iron veterans of Salisbury and tho Burgundlan Duke riOved'ori- to complete thoir enay. conquest south- ward.-? Tho world knows the result. The final overthrow and expulsion of the invndors were as signal ns I he triumphs -they had previously won ' and tho devastation they had previously wrought. The appearaoco of Joan of Arc, in.;1429, was but the symbol of reviving France; and' although she ultimately auffercd a horrid death _her spirit lived after bur, and in twenty years her country was . again rising to control in Europe, Had it been necessary to multiply these illus trations wo might, have commenced farther back; with the : frightful invasion, of AlUta and his Huns, defeated at last in the battle of Chalons in 451, nrwe might adduce many allusions in mure fondern days, from the wars of tho Fronde, of Nfvarny'of the League, down to tho series of 4 tpurtially triumphant invasions (always desola tions bylbc ftiouurcbical allies of Eastern Europo immediately preceding and then, following , the reign of. the first Napoleon. But this weror nced- less. Look tit Northern France, sacked, pillaged and bombarded in 17fl2, until tho raw recruUs'of Uumouricz and. l\pll"rmnn» so utterly overthrow tho - flower 'of the victory-sated -Prussian/- army; commanded by its warlike king, nt Vnlmy, ;that oven Gernmn Gocllie, wh<» witnessed tho battle, said to his fricnds.thnt evcning : — From this ptaco and from tliis day fortlf commences a new era in the world's hi.uo'ry, and vou enn all say that you were present at its birth." , . . That era was signalized by the successes and then tho suppression oftho republic, the consulate and tho empire, during which momentous period ! France bird at every poro, was Overrun,- ravaged, and laid under, contribution, in both jNorth and South, at rtilfrrnut limes, and finally' saw her proud capital occupied by. tire exulting allied foes, her last armies defeated, surrendered or dispersed and her groat Emperor pinned, to'a desotato rocb In mhi ocean, like another, l'romothons' who bad onco aspired to xvieWiihe very lightnings of Jove to mnko her great. The, atatistics of herj practi cal loss and physical dcptclibn by theso wars still annnll tho calculations of statesmou, and yet within less than thirty years aftor Ruch Apparently final prostration she wqb. again scun almost dic tating law to Europe. ; .'I i Wo now behold her again cast down,agnin half occupied by hostile nrmics, again laid undor tdx and tithe by tho sternest of conquorors, her silll further exhnustinn to be conjecture! 1 only by the measure of her further proposed resistance". Will she again arise from her ashes stronger, grander, and more commanding than before f The past fs' tlio bnly respondent to ' whom tho future of a nation of forty millions, can. turn for a logical reply., -- " .' 