THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING AUGUST 15, 1871. THE necessity of opening up the country by good roads has been so often acknowledged in Parliament, without removing the heavy incubus on the prosperity of the Colony imposed by what is in mont coses the difficulty, in many cases the impossibility, of communication, that it is high time we left the arena of words and entered on that of action, giving practical effect to enunciations that have hitherto served little other purpose than their electioneering influence, or being a good popularity-hunting medium. We venture to say no candidate will present himself at the approaching elections, who will not readily admit tho injury inflicted by the want of roads and bridges, mid pledge himself to support " any well- devised scheme," as the phrase goes, for opening up the country by roads. But how few, when asked to carry his professions into practice, will havo sufficiently oulargod views to grasp anything beyond tho expenditure of such rovenue as wo at presont raise 1 Tho iii-elnsticity of our sourcos of revenue acts as a bugbeaiyuid it is represented as madness to expend moro moiioy when wo have so much difficulty in paying interest on tho sums already borrowed. It is but too truo that should wo havo only the tariff and Customs chargos, and tho Land Fund as now attenuated, to trust to for tho interest of any additional public expenditure, ho would bo no statosinan, but an enemy of his adopted Country, who would propose to lay out even a few thousands moro. It is not from tho present rovonuo wo expect to pay the interest on tho cost of tho Alain Lino Railway, but from in- creased consumption of dutiable articles thereby caused, and from tho increased value of the Crown lands, consequent on the increased quicker and surer moans of transit. Tho same principle applies to roads j in fact tho Main Line Railway will only partially servo its intended purposo if it bo not the centre of a groat many divorging roads. The railway will bonolit thom and the country traversed by them, and thoy will benefit tho railway. But in tho list which wo yesterday gave as indicating the extent and direction of the wants of tho Colony in the Bhape of roads, we principally referrod to districts which the railway will not affect or only re- motely. There is not one of the roods wo enumerated that will not be acknowledged as a necessary public work. We have not erred in extravagance of suggestion. Every district will supplement lists of roads deemed necessary, and many of which will probably prove as much so as those more prominent ones we enumerated. And are we to stand still, to fold our hands in I despair, to cry out there is no hope, and with craven spirit stand aghast at undertaking great and necessary public works, because the present revenue of the Colony is required to meet pre- sent engagements, and the present sources of revenue will rather retrograde than increase in their productiveness if the Colony is content to maintain a stagnant, stationary attitude ? This position of inactivity we have been content too long to occupy. Common sense and self interest tell us that if we would not retrograde still further, we must move on. And how is this to be done 1 One step towards determining this will be to point out how it is not to bo done. The desired opening up of the country is not to be accomplished by legislation which, after wearisome nights of debate, simply provides a certain machinery, often incomplete and conflicting, but does not take the precaution of fixing the responsibility of working that machinery. It is not enough to Bay a thing may be thus done, without also saying who is to do it, and this not as a matter of will but of obligation. We had lost session a somewhat voluminous Cross and Byo Roads Act, prepared with considerable caro ; but what indications have, since its passing, been given of its accom- plishing anything beyond adding to the statute literature of tho Colony ? An analysis of its provisions might show in how many respects it fails to carry out its expressed intentions. But the discussion would be useless. The statute contains no preamblo as to anything being desirable, and tho statute itself does not afford the means of doing anything of the kind. If tho oountry has no better chance of good roads than the prospeot hold out by " The Cross and Bye Roads Act, 1870," our means of com- munication will not be one whit moro complete at tho end of tho century than they are now. Wo desire to get quit of the disgrace of the country having only the one main road, which it had more than a quarter of a century ago. We desire to have several cross roads declared main roads, and other main roads, cross roads, and bye-roads constructed, and the burden of formation, repair, and maintenance under- taken by Government That Ministry will fail in its duty ; it is not a Government, it is a more exponent of the wishes of Parliament when, recognising a duty, it draws back from the performance of it, because it sees a difficulty in the way. Tho G ivernment which acknowledges the benefits which increased faci- lities of communication by roadways and tramways would give, and cannot deviso a way of procuring these facilities because of the pre- sent stato of our finances, is unfit to occupy its position. Tho evil acknowledged, Government has to devise tho remedy, not by crippling or overweighting our present resources, but by oxtouding thom, increasing tho valuo of the public property, and tho demand for it; thornby adding directly to the revenue by increasing the land fund ; and to the Customs and tarifT receipts by increasing the population, and tho consump- tion of dutiable articles. Every penny judiciously spent in opening up tho country, not in isolated instances but as a whole, would not diminish our resources nor, oxcopt nominally, increase our debt, but would add to the value of our public lands, not merely to the extent of the money actually expended, but by the consé- quent improved demand and price that would be obtainod for the lands of the Colony. To do this, something more than has hitherto boon held to bo a dischargo of Ministerial duty is required ¡ something more than vice-rogal speeches, Ministerial manifestoes, or well-inten- tioned but futile legislation. We quoted' on Saturday the first vice-regal speech to tho first elected Parliament of Tasmania ; and no words could havo. more Btrongly urged the duty of active measures in opening up the country. The present COLONIAL TREASURER was one of the Ministry by whom that speech was approved; and two of tho present Ministers, then private Members of Parliament, assisted him in giving Tasmania a Cross and Bye Roads Act. We had another of these in I860; and the samo party gave IIB another in 1870 with the air of mon who had thus done thoir duty to thoir country. In 1805 the reins of government were hold by a Ministry, the Treasurer of which never loses an opportunity of telling the country from his place in Parliament what ho would havo done had ho been allowed ; one who measures all legislation, post, present, and prospective, by his intentions whon in office. The Vice-regal speech in oponing the Session of 1805 said : " At the oponing of the last session of Parliament I had the gratification of announcing to you that, for tho first time for several years, tho publio income was in oxcess of the expenditure. I regrot that, upon the prosont occasion, I am not able to ropoit tho assurance ; for, ulthough my anticipations have boen fully boroo out so fur as they wore based upon the rovonuo derivablo from the lands of the Colony, that branch of the public income, the state of which is the surest tost of tho prosperity of the people, has, in the intervening period, afforded a less satisfactory result. To some ox tont, an ostonsiblo causo of tho decline may bo found in the commercial and industrial de- pression undor which most of the Australian Colonies havo boon labouring : but if so, it only provos tho moro plainly that Tasmania has yot to dovulopo within horself BOHÍO field of local industry which slmll render hor comparatively independent of fluctu- ations in tho prosperity of tho neighbouring Colonies. For suoh a purposo the rich agricultural lands, and abundant forest timber, with which Providonco has giftod Tasmania, aro olomonls capable of oxtotidve dovolopmont. Tiieso aro, at prosont, scarcely moro productivo than an unwrought mino, hut rcquiro only to bo made accessible lo a hardy and laborious population to bo convortod into a houlthy and per- manent national resource. Roads, bridges, and other facilities ofcommunication and inter-communication, aro paramount necessities, if thu agricultural districts of tho Island aro to bo oponed up and rendorod avail- able I therefore invito you earnestly to considor tho proposals which I havo dirocted to bo submitted to you for mooting, in some degree, this pressing roquiromont." These paragraphs in tho Vice-regal speech wore the usual prefaces to tho usual story. An amend- ing Bill was introduced, which was reforred to a Select Committee appointed to enquire into the working of the Cross and Bye Roads Act. That Committoo was appointed on 27th July, and it took thom to 14th September to prepare a vory brief report, which, while advancing the Bubject not one whit, was accompanied with a suggested Amended Draft Bill, almost entirely taken up with providing for the election of trustees. Tho two Draft Bills were submitted to tho Assombly for consideration, and almost on the lost day of tho Session, the Act of 1805 was scrambled through Parliament. That Com- mittee recommended the introduction of such clauses as would give effect to certain proposi- tions " into either ' The Cross and Bye Roads Act Amondmont Bill,' or into ' The Waste Lands Act Amendment Bill;' " while " The Cross and Bye Roads Act of 1870 " is not complete without reference to "The Property Valuation Act," "Tho Rural Municipalities Act, 1805," "Tho Lands Clauses Act," " The Act to Faoilitato the Recovery and Collection of RateB," ' ' The Magis- trates Summary Procedure Act," " Tho Appeals Regulation Act," "The Cross and Bye Roads Act 1800," " An Aot to make special provision in certain particulars for the Great Lake Road Distriot," or the South Esk Bridge Aot, 1601, " An Act to vest the maintenance of the Jetty at Swansea in the trustees of the Road District in which the samo is situate," and numerous Gazette notices. Such legislation would require the Judges of the Supreme Court to carry it out. For practical purposes, with a rural popu- lation to work it, it is simply a mockery. Less tendency to legislation, and more inclination on the part of Government to do their duty, would be more to the purpose. Slain, Cross, and Bye Roads are an imperative necessity. The con- struction of these infer the raising of money and tho expending it, with a view to be reproductive, directly or indirectly. It is for the Government to deviso the means, or cede the opportunity to others. _ THE BERRY tariff for "Victoria, as we have anticipated, has so nearly passed through com- mittee in tho Assembly that only a few items remain to be disposed of thi3 evening. Few ohanges have been made, and these only at the instance of the TREASURER. Among the items assented to since we last referred to the subject, and in which Tasmania is interested, are the following :-Green fruit, 9iL per bushel ; onions, 203\. per ton ; potatoes, 10s. per ton ; Is. per 100 lbs. on grain and pulse of every kind, not other- wise enumerated ; 2s. per 100 lbs. on flour, and prepared, ground, or in any way manufactured grain ; Cd. per gallon on oil ; timber, dressed or planed, Is. Cd. per 100 sup. ft. ; undressed, 9d. per 100 sup. ft. ; laths, Is. per 1,000 ; shingles, Od. per 1,000; palings, Cd. per 100; rough spokes and felloes and sawn pickets, Od. per 100 ; glass bottles containing ale, porter, or beer, in quarts or lesser quantities, Gd. per dozen ; and oilmen's stores, in bottles or jars not exceed- ing one quart, staves and casks, and finished I timbor not otherwise enumerated, 20 per cent. We can make no enumeration, of course, of tho affected items which fora time Tasmanian buyers will have to import from Melbourne ; but wo may remark that in the course of the debate one of the agricultural members (who did not object to the duties placed on agricultural produce, and who supported the inoreaso of the proposed duty on flour from Is. to 2s. per lOOlbs., for the express purpose of excluding flour) pointed out that the duty on an importod steam plough would amount to £200, and that the tax which would now have to bo paid on machinery about to be imported for the conversion of beet- root into sugar would reach £1,000, although its cost in England or Germany would not exceed £10,000 or £12,000. To these and to all similar remonstrances and comments the answer was "These things can bo manufactured in Victoria" ; whioh the TREASURER and his supporters regarded as all-sufficient. The list of taxable articles, in fact, is now so curiously comprehensive that it is difficult to imagine anything it does not com- prehend, excepting a variety of matorials used for ladies' dresses, which Mr. BERRY withdrew at the instance of the soft-goods men, on tho ground that the warehousemen wero some- what hardly dealt with, and that the articles referred to wero not likely to be manufac- tured in that Colony for some time. The list, in faot, now ranges from curling-tongs to stoam engines, from throe-legged pots to marine boil- ers, from mangles to malt- mills, from spigots to ship's knoes, from quoits to lamp-posts, from onions to furnituro oils, from bluckiug to jewel- lery, from crockery to carriages, and from pro served fish to threshing-machines. The very comprehensiveness of the now tariff, and its pro- fessed object of exclusion of imports, however, may servo some good purpose No systom of drawbacks can be derived which will enable the intercolonial buyer to purchaso as freely and as cheaply as ho could do before in tho Melbourne market. The exclusion of our products also will necessarily lesson tho purchasing power of Tasmania. The merchants there, with a lessened trade and increased expenses, will be unable to offer thoso attractions which they have hitherto been able tofhold out. It may be found moro profitable to resort to other markets, such as those of Sydney and Adolaido ; but this tariff may also have tho effect of increasing our direct trade with England, which has been gradually becoming smallor as the competition in the Thames for freight to Melbourne, has of late increased. If this should be the case, the result will bo all the moro satisfactory that it was unanticipated. Now that Victoria has a tariff such as the Protectionists desired, and in which there is no trace of that concession to the free-traders of which Mr. DUFFY spoke at Kyneton, it is not unlikely that she will find ere long that she has become possessed of more than she will care to retain. The TREASURER admits that the remission he has mide as regards certain classes of soft goods will lessen his expected re- venue by £25,000. Ho proposed to make up this sum by an extra shilling per cwt. on sugar ; but the Houso was sensible enough to refuse tho proposition. Ho expects £75,000 from articles rated at Id. in 1870, when £47,110 was obtained, but which are now taxed 100 per cent, more. That item will scarcely bo realised. Malt will not produce £20,000-or £14,000 more than last year ; for already tho brewers have warned the TREASURER that they will be forced to turn-out an inferior sugar article, and so leave room for English ale again to find its way to a market from which it had boen almost completely driven. Oil will not produce £23,000 in placo of £12,000 ; nor beer and cider £31,000 in place of £23,000. The ad valorem duties in 1870 gavo a total of £238,091 j and now, as readjusted, they are required to yield, £316,000. Soda crystals produced £248 ; now they are to return £1,000. Shot yielded £180 ; now it is to give £1,000. Onions contributed £25 to the revenue lost year, and potatoes £249 ; what they will return this year the TREASURER has not calculated. He may bo assured, however, that it will not bo much. Timber produced £9,800; now it is to give £20,000 ; while £12,000 is to bo got from glass-bottles containing spirits or malt liquors (though stone-bottles may be largely substituted, to the evasion of the revenue.) From woollen piece goods, which were free last year, £50,000 aro to come. Some of these expec- tations must fail. It has boen shown overand over again that Victoria cannot have a largo revenue through the Customs and protection also. She is not in a condition at present to produce a number of the articles now protectively taxod, and from theso revenue will bo derivod; but their extra cost will lesson the consumption of thom, and that extra cost will fall heavily upon the working classes, whom protectivo tariffs invari- ably affect prejudicially. Tho expected rovonuo will not be realised by £150,000, said Mr. FRANCIS, and wo aro disposed to think him a better calculator than Mr. BERRY. That the DUFFY Ministry have prepared for themselves a host of troubles is beginning to be already apparent. The lion, member for Rich- mond, who himself prepared a tariff only less destructivo of trade, confesses his bolief that tho intercolonial trade will be destroyed. It is already paralysed, if the representatives of tho chief business houses who visit the other Colonies for orders are to bo believed. It has been pointed out in the Assombly that a very large trade may bo done by sending goods in bond across tho borders into Now South Wales, paying the lower duties existing thoro, and re introducing tho goods into Victoria. So feasible. did this course seom to be for the merchants, that the Government hocaiuii alarmed ; Mr. DUFFY and Mr. BERRY not hesitating to assort that to prevont it they would break tho Border Treaty with New South Wales-a throat of a character whioh SIR JAMES M'CULLOOH characterised as unparalleled in the history of the Parliament of the Colony ; and which that portion of the press which does not sympathise with the tarin' speaks of as repudiatory ! Mr. COHEN read letters, which stated that a firm in Riverina-which was named-and that bought goods in Mel- bourne to the extent of £00,000 per annum, for tho Lachlan and Murrumbidgee country, and sent down 5,000 bales of wool in return, would now have to buy exclusively in the Adelaide market, as by that course they would save fifteen per cent. These are the ^prospects looming in the future. What has already happened is equally illustrative of the mischief attending the crude theories of men such as Mr. BERRY and Mr. LONGMORE when they are reduced to practice. The imposition on broad and other cloths to please the Geelong manu- facturer, has led to a reduction in the wages of the tailors of Melbourne by 2s. on every garment they manufacture. The firm which has taken the lead in this reduction is one of the largest in Melbourne, and no doubt the example will spread ; while in reply to the disappointed and injured journey- men who waited on him on qhe subject, the TREASURER could see nothing in it but a despicable attempt to coerce him through their sufferings. Months before, however, the Min- istry of the day were warned by the master-tailors as to the result which would follow from an imposition of ten per cent, on woollen goods. The tax on candles will burden tile miners to the extent, it is calculated, of £43,000 per annum. On Bendigo alone it will fall to the extent of £4,000 or £5,000. Two thousand tons of stéarine candles are imported, and there is only one manufactory in the Colony. This tax must be felt very severely by the miners, the greater number of whom are only earning moderate wages. In the article of glue it has been pointed out that the new duty is equal to protection at 071 per cent. On dried fruits, tho duty now is equal to 90 per cent, on the average cost. One of our Melbourno con- temporaries sums up the position of matters by observing that " Mr. BERRY has taken the initiative in a war of tariffs ;" and another remarks :-" Without venturing to claim tho gift of prophecy, we do not hesitate to predict that a day will come when the advocates of protection will not dare to present themselves as candidates for a seat in Parliament upon any hustings in the Colony, and when public opinion will denounce, as the worst enemies of the people, those who have fostered and pandered to the prevailing crane." This is probably a tru forecast of the future. Nor is Mr. BERRY likely to have much to show in defence for some time to come. A prohibitory tariff has been in operation I since May in Victoria, and we do not observe a single instance of its effect in stimulating native industry. On the contrary want of employment is increasing, and even among the constituents of the lion, member for Geelong West (Mr. BERRY) the unemployed have already been holding meetings, that attention may be called to tho fact that labour is very scarce and that distress is increasing. THE steamship City of Hobart has returned to port, and Captain Clinch has called upon us and giren such explanation, as, whilo admitting a great error of judgmont, goes far to roliovo him of any moro serious charge. In accordanco with tbo director»' instructions, ho examined Barren Island on his voyago to Sydney last trip. Ho found traeos of the crow of the Goldon Ago-tho placo whero their fire had been, the pieoo of whito calico, &c.; Tho shipwrcckod seamen, as our readers aro awnro, had previously mado thoir way to Gooso Island, whore thoy wero picked up. Of course these traeos satisfied Captain Clinch that his impressions, when tho signals mado on tho island wero observed from tho City of Hobart, wero wrong. Captain Clinch has dcBired us to say that no one can moro regret than he docs that ho was deceived as to their truo character. The signals wore mado on tbo leo side of the island, and he had not the remotest suspicion that a wreck had occurred thoro, believing that tho floating fragmonts previously observed had not drifted from Barron Island. In his impression that what ap- peared to bo smoke was really spray, ho was sup- ported by moro than ono among his passengers, and ho passed on without in the loast suspecting that ho was leaving shipwrecked soamon bohind bim. We aro happy to havo this asauranoo ; for it went against tho grain to Bupposo that so old a seaman as Captain Clinch, and ono whoso perils by soa have boen many, would willingly havo left brother sailors in peril, on suoh an islund, oven though escapo might have boon possible to them. The public will not require to bo reminded that on several occasions Captain Clinch bus dono his duty well undor much moro trying circumstances than wero prosontod when ho passed Barron Islund. It is many years ago now since, whon in command of tho Flying Fish, he wus instrumental in saving thirty five of the crow and passengers of the ship Isabella, to London from Port Phillip, which was wrecked on Woody Island. A number of thoso wero ladios, who escaped almost without clothes to cover thom, and ho sent a boat a distance of levonteen miles to Flinders Island to obtain clothing for thom. After spending two days in this work, he afterwards, and at his own expense, conveyed thom to Melbourne. On a sub- sequent occasion he rescued a boat's crow of ship- wrecked seamen from Cape Barron ; and at a still later tinto a shipwrocked crow in Jarvis Bay, whom he conveyed on to Sydnoy. Wo aro glad to learn that an unfortunate orror of opinion alono provonted Captain Clinch from sending ashore and picking up the crow of tho Golden Ago ; and that having this assurance, wa aro ablo to do justice to Captain Clinch by assisting to romovo tbo impression that ho was chargeable with inhumanity. IT is proposod by tho Royal Socioty of Victoria to organisa an expedition of astronomers and others to Capo Sidmouth, or somo othor point on tho north coast of Australia, for tho purposo of watching tho total eclipse of tho sun which will bo vlsihlo thoro over a zone eighty milos wide on the 12th of Decombor noxt, The opportunity will bo á good ono, it is thought, for making observations to detormine tho nature of the corona. A Btoamur will bo chartered for the purposo, if a siifHciont number of pas&ongors; at £23 per hoad como forward to multo tho trip. Tho expedition will start towards tho ond of November, and roturn (probably by way of Fiji) j in tho end of Decombor. The trip promises to bo an 1 agreeablo ono, as well as of service to ono of tho most interesting of tho sciences. BY way of California wo learn that numbers of the skillod workmon of Paris, dissatisfied with tho amount of political liberty thoy aro likely to enjoy in Paris in the futuro, aro seriously contemplating immigration to America or Australia. This is a class of immigration which the colonies, no doubt, would de siro to encourage. So largo a measure of self-govern- ment IB enjoyed boro that the political aspirations of of those oxilos would huvo free scope, and their skill in the mechanical arts would bo of much advantage in giving a tone of finish to tho work which thoy might bo oxpoctod to turn out of hand. England for two or three centuries past has benefited from importa- tions of skilled labour which, in the same way, found sheltor there. TUB Peninsular and Oriontul Stoamship Company, wo loam, aro about to placo thoir vory large and fast stoamships Pera and Ceylon on tho Suoz and Sydnoy line, in room of the Goolong and Avoca. Tho lattor havo porformod the mail sorvico with great regularity and dospntoh, frequently arriving several days before time. The Pera and Ceylon, howovor, are much larger, and consequently will accommodate a greater number of passengers. They aro also understood to be very fast. Mu. ANTHONY TIIOLI.OI'K, whoso movomonts aro obsorvod with considorablo interest, spent but little timo in Sydnoy on his woy to Queensland. Ho arrirod there in the morning from Molbourno, and in the afternoon of tho samo day satlod for Brisbane VIOE-UKOAL.-His Exoollenoy the Earl of Bolmoro and tbo Countess of Belmore have intimated their intention to pay their promised visit to Kir. and MM, DU Cane in (be month of October next, Oun MELBOURNE TELEQBAJÍ.-No tologram from our Melbourne correspondent reached us last night. The cabio was in working order, and there was no interruption on the land line, but no explanation as to tho cause of tho irregularity reached us. WEST DEVOX.-In response to a requisition Mr. Charles Meredith has intimated his willingness'to be put in nomination for the representation of ¡West Devon in the House of Assembly. In his addross, which appears in to-day's issue, Mr. Meredith says his views as to the public rovenuo of the colony expressed in 1866 havo not undergone any chango ; and ho is satisfied thut with tho adoption of an extension of trade and business licences, an alteration in taxation could be made without difficulty, and with undoubted ndvantago to tho public. OATLAXOS ELECTOHAL DISTKICT.-A numerously sinned requisition has beon presontod to George Wilson, jun., Esq., J.P., of Huntworth, Jericho, requesting him to allow himself to bo nominated for the vacancy in the House of Assembly for Oatlands ; and Mr. Wilson has consentod to Btand, and it is said has a good prospect of being elected. Mr. Lord is also mentioned as likely to stand again. Wo have heard of no othors yet. SOUTH HOIURT.-Mr. E. Hodgson intimates his intention to explain his political viows on his candi- dature for the representation of South Hobart, at tho Britannia Inn, Macquarie-street, on Friday evening, at 7.30. MUNICIPAL AuniTOB.-Tho vacancy caused by the decease of Mr. Penny, in the office of municipal auditor, has been at length filled by tho appointment of John Forstor, Eäq., as announced in to-day's c7<i:e»e. HUSSEÏ'S MINSTRELS.-This accomplished troupe of sable minstrels attracted a crowded house at the Odd Fellows' Hall, last evening, when sevoral now items were introduced. Tho vocal performances which composod the first part of tho programme were highly appreciated, several of tho songs, including " Norah Darling " by Mr. Campbell, " Tho Lily of the Lake" by Mr. Römer, "Perambulator" by Mr. Hussoy, and "Nellie's gone for over" by Mr. Gordon, being encored, The intervening displays of wit, in the form of puns, jokes, and conundrums, also excited mirth. After the interval a new song, " Tho Unprotected Female." was excellently given in character by Mrs. Hussey, who was loudly encored ; she afterwards sang with equal success another new song, " Oh, I doat on the military." Mr. Hussey repoatod his droll performance, " Tobias and Bian- cas," which with tho astonishingly clever Torpsi chorean performances by Carroll and Collins was loudly applauded. " Bello Brandon " by Mr. Ttomor was extremely well roceivod. " Tho Strangor " and " The Ghost in a Pawnshop " wore also repeated for tho last time, and provoked roars of laughter. New attractions are announced for this evening. POLICE COURT. — Two offenders were fined for drunkenness by the Police Magistrate yesterday. A coloured boy, named Charles Hill, was remanded till the following day on a charge of stealing a shirt and sheet, valued at 4s. The little boy Curle, who abscon- ded from the Boys' Home on the 4th inst, and was subsequently apprehended at Green Ponds, was ordered to be sent back to the Home. Mr George Wilson, J. P., is the second magistrate for attendance this morning according to the roster A YOUNG SCAMP. —The little boy Charles Curle, who deserted from the Boys' Home, Lansdowne Crescent, about ten days ago, was brought up at the Police Court yesterday morning and charged with the offence. The boy, an intelligent looking little fellow, between eleven and twelve years of age, appeared sorry for his misconduct, and promised that if he were sent back to the institution he would not again attempt to run away. The Police Magistrate evidently put faith in the promises made by the boy of better behaviour in future, and considering that the defendant had been apprehended at Green Ponds, whence he had walked to town and had been a week in custody, the Bench administered no punishment, but admonished the boy, and ordered him to be sent back to the Home. The order was at once put into effect, but the young scamp had not been in the institution more than three or four hours when he was again missed, and it soon became evident that he had made a second bolt. He had not been re-taken up to a late hour last evening. THE ELI/IIIETH-STIIEET CIHSTAMI-I'ho Pohco Committee recommended to tho City Council nt thoir meeting yesterday, tint the Ehziboth street cab stand bo not removed altogether, but that tho cibs stand ia tho centro of tho road, commencing at 30 yards from Micqunric stroot, by which tho com imtteo thought nil objection would bo obvuted the drivors to station thomsehes at the hoads of the horses, and not to congregate on the footpath to tho annovnnco of the public Tho Council adopted tho recommendation, and gave directions to the proper officers to bavo tbo now iiranRomont earned out, w hieh it can never ho as proposod unless a pohcoman is told off for the duty TIKE AT Lovotonn STVTION-Wo levrn by tele- graph that tho Longford station on the Launceston anl Western Rail«nv was complotely burned down on Saturday evening It was at first behoved lo bo the work of an incendiary, but the general opinion loans to tho supposition that the fire was caused by sparks from the onqino filling on the flooring of the platform und igniting it The damago done is ro portod as amounting to £o70, but it was fully covered by insurance, tho policy boing foi £600 OUR MPUCHANT PLI PT -Our intercolonial trading fleet is about to receive another addition to its num- bers A private letter from Captain Gourlay, recoived yesterday, contains the information that ho has pur chased the barque Natal (¿neon at Molhourno for £2,400, for himself and air H B Evans of this port, by whom she will b em )loi ed in tho intercolonial trade The Natal Queen is a vessel of 230 tons register, and carries about 400 'ona dead weight She was built in 1866 in Scotland of oak and teak, and classified A I for li y oats, so that she has still sit years to run in the first class She is of what is generally known as the medium clipper build, and her sailing qualities are fuvourablv spoken of CIVIL SITTINGS-A enso has boen especially sot down by judges' order for li ml at the Cuni Sittings, which will commence beforo Mr Justice Dobson to-morrow morning at ten o clock The case is that otKmqhtv Hielt CEMETERY BOARD -The vacancies in the Board of trustees of the Hobart Town Cemetery have been filled up by the appointment of the Hon Mr Innes, W Giblin, Esq , and S Smith Travers, Esq. MPETINO OP THE CEMETPU\ TRUST -A meeting of the cemetery trustees will take placo this morn- ing at 11 o'clock PUB WRECKED BRIO OCEAN BIUDP -This bru», lately beached on Now Year Island near Kings Island,was insured in the Derwent and Tamar Marino Insurance Office for £1,600 TASMANIAN SHPPP -We notice that the Council of the Agricultural Soeioty of Now South Wains, at a meeting on tho 2nd instant, reeoliod -"That tho Judges of section III bo instructed to judge the sheep entered by Tusmaman exhibitors on tho principle recogmsod bv the soeiety,and that prizes be for- warded to thom in eases of special excellence " STUII SIIEPI -A further shipment of stud sheop from the flocks of Messrs Maclanachan, James Gibson, and D and J 1 nylor, will be mado by the City of Hobart to day, for Sydney, where thoy will bo shown at tho Agricultural Society's Exhibition H M S BLANCHE -WO loam from private advices that H HI S Blanche, Captain Mont¿omene, which visited the Dérivent somo seven months a?o, may soon bo expocted to muko another short visit hore The Blincho was to leave Sidney on Saturday last for Motboui ne, where she will stay for a bnof ponod, and on leaving sho will sail for Hobart Town diroct PUB LITE BIUWI -In a paragraph published y osterdaj wo inadvertently menlionod the intersection of Murray-stroot, in placo of that of Argj Io stroot, with Liverpool stroot as tbo scone of n late brawl in whioh two gul» wero tho oluof actors Tho place now indicated requires the particular uttontion of the police NLW NOVPI nv ANTHONY TROLLOPE-Tbo pro priotors of tbo Aititialiwiaii havo purobasod the ox clusiie rii;ht to publish in Australia Mr 1'rollopos nuw novel, "Tho Eustaoo Diamonds ' An additional interest will nttnch to this story, by the fnot of Mr Anthony Trollopo being a visitor to tho colonies dining its publication Mossrs J Willoh and Sons nro advertised as the agents in Tasmania for the Aus lia'intan LioTuiip THIS E\EMNO-The Itov T F Bird is to looturo this ovoninir nt tho Mochamos' Instituto, in connection with tho opening servions of Divoy stroot Weslojan Church Tho suhjoot is "Social Photographs " Tho Attarnoy-Gonoral will proaido TEVDBUS -Tho Director of Public Works invites tcndois for the erection of additional buildings at tho gaol, Linnceston, to bo sent in by noon on tho Cth beptomber Issui'i ICIENTLI STAMPEU -Lottors posted yostor da\ insufliciontl) stumped Master Ii li Hobarts, Now Town, Sydney, Mrs. James Watt*, 102, Cumberland stroot, S) dno). THE MANUFACTURING or STONE« AUV, i£.c -Activo steps aro being taken amongst a few of oin enter- prising townspeople to utih/o tho clay deposits that ara lo be found in the neighbourhood of Launceston by organizing a company for tho manufacturing of drain-pipes, ohimnoy-pots, sinks, and Btonowaro generally It is said, on authority, that for tho nrst-menlionod article alone upwards of £30 aro wookl) expended in Launceston, and it is oxpoctod that woro tho same manufactured horo they could bo ofl'-rcd to tho publia nt 00 por cent bolow tho prico of tho imported nrtiolo, loaving, at tho samo timo, ii handsome profit to tho manufacturer Every material roquirod for tho production of theso articlos is to bo found within a vor) shoi traduis from L uinceston,and of aqualit) superior to that from which thoso now usod uro mado 'I ho capital nocossary to start a manufactory on an amply sufficient scalo l8 botween £000 and £700. Tho clay alluded to wo aro told is adapted for tho strongest stonowaro and, with cor tain admixturo of othor ofirtlis, for the flnor descrip- tion known us stone china If this is so thoro is a wide field opon to local industry, for bosidos ordinary oiookoriwaro, thoro would be a largo demand for gingor-boor bottlo», jam pots, buttor jars &o; - Lxaniiim, August 12th Puosr-mtous LITIOATIOV -A monster lawsuit is now in progress in tho United Statos It has rofbronou to somo land in Sun Francisco, and, according to tho Umtod Statis' Jin ist, tho dofandants oxceod 1,000 in numbor, and 270 lawyors aro engaged in it -Law Tunes At Dunedin, a memorial to the counoil of tho Otago University was in cours» of «¡gastare by ladies, praying that they might be allowed to parti* eipftto in the privilege! afforded by (he Unirsnity. 