FROM QUEENSLAND. .Wu have endeavored by every means. in pur, power to obtain a fair estimate of the wheat, crop's, not-onlyih tlie districts of Drayton and Toowoomba. but the principal grain growing districts of the Darling Downs. Judging from' the information placed at our dispoaal;.we .have reason'to fear that the wheat harvest of 1871 will be more than usually light. Disappointment arid failure Tiave attended the cultivation of the. crop in many places; On the greater portion of the farms in the Highflelds and Drayton reserves we note an abundant show of " plant," but generally speaking it presents the appearance of sickly and stunted growth and premature development. The. straw is weak and short, the ear thin, and the yield scanty, but from what cause we cannot for the present determine. The sugar industry, also, is beginning to assumo the most ample proportions, and bids fair to rival its-elder brethren. The returns from the last crushings have been of the most , satisfactorv character, wljile the quality oftliesugRr is undeniable. Large sums of money have been invested in this industry, great improvements have been inade both in the mode of- cultivation and the system of crushing, and the number of plantations north and castis rapidly increasing. There is an almost inexhaustible supply of tlie most fertile and suitable lands for sugar cultivation in the northern districts of tlie colony, and seeing that the' industry has become so permanently established, and attained BUCII rapid and substantial growth, we look forward to a long season of prosperity and extended settlement in the sunny, but fertile, north.—J). D. Gazette. Our Southern neighbors (says the Colonist) are so sceptical of any bit of news to the credit of this colony that we hardly expect them to believe that from one acrc of land on the AJbert Bivcr 82 tons 10 ewt. of cane have been taken, and that on the same plantation 3G tons of cane 3'iclded over 2 tons 7 ewt. of sugar. These are facts of which wc have bad the most reliable assurance. A gentleman who arrived in Brisbane a few days ago, after rather an extensive tour in the north-western districts, informs us (Courier) that in the early part of the month the blacks were exceedingly troublesome in the neighbor- hood of Isis Downs station, by killing sheep and cattle. They arc becoming so daring that one of the proprietors of the station and several of the men in his employment went out against them. Some fighting followed, and the superintendent, Mr. Harris,received a dangerous wound from a spear. A messenger was dispatched to the nearest police-station, for assistance, but only two men, cne a .black trooper, could be spared for the purpose. The squatters in the neighborhood determined by united action to try and remedy the evil. At length Bocklmmpton has a ghost story of its own. There is a house in Blank-street, which some months ago was the scene of a homicidal crime. It lias since been occupied, " sernioceasionally," by courageous persons at a reduced rental. But none of them could effectually dispute the supremacy of the ghost, or give to any other agency than a spirit medium the credit of mysterious tappings which made night auxious to the unhappy occupants, llecently a veterau colonist, who was in want of a good house, cast his longing eves on the haunted dwelling, and, though warned against the companionship of its disagreeable inmate, he forthwith concluded an advantageous bargain with the agent. Until Tuesday night Mr. Veteran was not troubled, and began to think the traditionary ghost little better than a shadowy legend ; but one evening being somewhat distressed by the heat, lie sat up until after midnight, contemplating the clouds—of tobacco issuing from his mcerschaum—when lo ! a light and cautious foot placed itself on the verandah, and stealthily approached the room in which Veteran was enjoying his otium, ill an atmosphere of semi-darkness. A moment after, a figure appeared in the doorway, which brought Veteran on his hind legs, and induced him to greet his visitor with a forcible and impolite expletive and an uplifted stick. The ghost hearing the former, did not wait to feel the weight of the latter, but bolted with the fleetness of a grcyhouud. Mr. Veteran had prepared a heavy charge of duck-shot for last night, and intended to sit up religiously for his mysterious visitor, but we had heard of nothing sanguinary up to the hour of our going to press this morning.—Com. to the Bulletin. 