*' Extraordinary Circumstances.' To the Editor of tht Evening News. Sib,— The 'extraordinary circumstances' related by a correspondent in your columns last night, as occurring within three miles of this place, sire, I should say, cal culated to shake the nerves of the strongest amongst tls. Now, I really think you should be more discreet and careful how you alarm such a quiet community in such a heartless maxper, and shove a ' ghost' amongst us at a minute'B notice, without beforehand seriously reflecting what might be the result of such an announcement. Now, I ask you, hovr would you like to live at that toll-bar ? which is within sight of the very identical spot alluded te, after you had heard that the ' discontented spirit of Borne poor peddler,' who hnd terminated his sublunary career, in the manner indi cated by yon, was roaming about at large, and liable to pop in upon you at any minute. Pleasant, certainly ! Your correspondent mentions that the ' apparition' is perceptible to horses. I wonder if donkeys are gifted with the like visionary powers ; if so, jaumay depend, now that the eviot has been called into notoriety, we shall have somo account of this goblin ere long, especially it one or two of the credulous can be but persuaded to take a trip to the spot, and camp there for a night. But, jokiijg apart, is it possible that in this, the nineteenth century, there can be found any one who would for a moment put any faith ia eucli an assertion? If so, the sooner our public school is com menced and finished the better, where, it is to be desired, such foolish ideas and superstition may be thoroughly eradicated from the minds of those who will hereafter fill our places, and wken, it is to be hoped, our spirits will be more at rest and better employed than knocking about the Dogtrap-road. In conclusion, I can assure you I have travelled the road from Parramatta to Liverpool, as also from Sydney to Liverpool, in the dark on many different occasions, and have turned out of the Dogtrap-road at all hours of the night, both on horseback and driving, which the person who was at the time in charge of the Lansdowne toll-bar could vouch for, as I have had to call him up from his bed to open the gate for me. But on none of these occasions have I, or my horse, been in any way troubled or discomfited. Trusting that this will, in some measure, calm the weak nerves of those whom I cm sure your most alarming piece of intelligence must have violently shaken, and expressing my sympathy with Captain Sadleir, for his loss, and narrow escape from more serious injury. I am, yourg truly, INCKEDULOUS. Liverpool, 2Gth April. [' Incredulous,' in hastening to lay a ghost of his own creation, has slightly departed from the truth. The correspondent who furnished the account we pub lished (a resident in the neighbourhood, and a gentle man of the highest character and intelligence), did not ' mention that the apparition is perceptible to horses,' or anything like it. He merely said 'There lurks a belief, &o.;' He did not, of course, concern himself with refuting such a superstitious notion, scarcely imagining, we suppose, for a rroinent that any intelligent person would think that part of the matter worth such serious comment as 'Incredulous' has thought proper to bestow upon it. We accept, how ever, with all possible gravity, even without the voucher of the toll-bar- keeper, the assurance that 'Incredulous' has actually ' travelled this road at night several times, and that neither he nor his horse have been in any way troubled ordiscom6ted!' Ourrcaders will probably agree with us in thinking that next to the folly of believing 6uch absurdities, is the folly of attempting seriously to refute them. — Ed.] 