JIOETRY. THE LOYEBfe. . Fanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, / A child of the grat /Tycoon : She wore her head bald, and her clothes were made Half pefticoat, half pantaloon ; Her farefwte the celonroflemon peel, And45ihape of atahlespoon. A handsome young chap Was Johnny Hi- Hi, And he-wore paper-muslin clothes ; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the form of a shoe-brush rose,' - His eyes slanted downward, as if seme chap Had savagely pulled his nose. FantfSf FoD-Fop loved Johnny Hi-Hi, Andgwhen in the nsual style Heepped. She blushed such a deep orange tinge, You'd have thought she'd too much bile, If itJudn't been for her slant-eyed glance Aim her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft in the bliss of their new-born love. Did these little Pagans stray All around in spots, enjoying themselves Inhstrictly Japanesfewayj .She howling a song to a one-stringed lute, On which she thought she could play. Oft?n he'd climb to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced him on hr nose, Or else Bhe would get in a pickle tub, And he kicked around on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the fierce Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood on end If only they'd had enough. So the Tycoon buckled on both his swords, In his pistol placed a wad, - And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod.. He found them enjoying their guileless selves On top of a lightning rod. Sternly he ordered the gentle Fco- Foo To " come down out of that there !" And he told Hi- Hi to go to a place— I won't say precisely where. Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms evinced Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon alas ! was badly fooled Despite his paternalpains,- For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Out of bis jugfclar veins ; While with a hack somersault on to the floor Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, Kight under a dog- wood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale, and Tne buzz of the bumble-bee ; And where the musketo's sorrowful chant MaiMann tee restless flea. And oft at night when the Tycoon's wife Slumbered as sound as a post. His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That scared him to death almost : 'Twas a bald-headed spectre flitting about Witha-paper-muHlin ghost. 