i' COUNT' VTO TTEMU. (From tfe Strait itbhe, October 15.) By the last Fiench inmail from Java we have received copy;: frwarded to us from Sourabaya, of a legal document'containing the Judge's summing up of the case on passing sentence on the psendo Count Von Attaiems: It is of very great length, hence we have thought it better togive only an abstract of it. The indictment was on two counts, first,for know. ingly making, use of forged commercial writings. Second, ~fdr eseiping from prison by breaking out. TLhe eccuad, swhos real'siame is Curt Oswald Schmalz, was bioriat Pirna; in Saxony, on May 24, 1843, and -fter having siacesesfully attended the commercial school at Plarien, began his career at Trieste, where he obtained employment in a counting house for a while, ahd cbntined ast'the same time his studies at the commercial academy there; but having incurred manydbs; hlie secretly left the city in the 20th year of his age, and went to North America in a sailing ship. ; After-his ariival win America he enlisted in the Northern Army in- the 2nd Massachusetts Cavalry, and wasypromoted to be captain, but being discharged at the end of the war, he botook himself to Rio do Janerio, where after fruitless efforts to enter the Bra .ilian servibeo, he obtained a situation from a certain merchant named-George Davis. Shortly after this, on receiving news from his father that the latter was no longer able to honour his little bills drawn onthe Saxon Consedl, he eft Bio again on account of running intot debt; :and after having once more fruitlessly striven to enlist as asoldier, both'at Monte Video and Buenos Ayes, hedit ithe latter place receired £50 on a bill signed :Cotunt Von Auersperg, a name assumed then for the first time by him. In the samnie way and under the same name, he afterwards defrauded eeveral bankers at Bahia, Moyabamba, Lima, Guayaquil, San Juan, and Havana, of various sums, amounting alto gether to about £2100, and, having at length arrived at New York, he obtained £100 from a banker there upon showing him a letter of redit from an English banker prepared by himself. With this amount he paid his passage to Sierra Leone (West Coast of Afrios). He there, still under the name of Count Von Auersperg, defrauded a banker of £200, and sailed afterwards to Madoira and from thence to Barcelonia. At these two places be received alto gether on the aforesaid letter of credit £500. From Barcelonia he crossed over to Bbna in Algeria, under the name of Count Wurmbrant Stuppach, and re ceived there e£100 on a letter of credit from Roths child's banking house, at Vienna, prepared by himself, after which he, on the failure of a like attempt at Algiers, took shipping for Constantinople, where, under the pseudo name of Coont Von Landberg, he caused a banker to pay out to him £100. From Oonstantinople he went by a min-of-war steamer to Alexsndria, and once more as Count Von Auersperg, received £500 both there and at Cairo, after which, under the name of Berthold Stone, he left Alexandria for Meesina by the M. L steamer Peluse. From Messina he went to Naples andprocureda pass from Mr. Alfred D. Green, the American Consal there, under the name of Mr. Carel Von Berthold Stein, which pass was, at his own request, exchanged by Mr. .Lawrence, American Consul at Florence, for another bearing the name of Mr. Charles Von Berhold Stone. With this pass he travelled to Trieste, stayed there for a short time under his true name, and paid some small old debts. Upon this he left for Vienna by railway under the name of Stone, and bought there from A. Zinner, a banker, a bill for £18 on the'Anglo-Austrian bank at London, to the order of Captain Stone. He then, without having received any money at Vienna, set out for London by way of Dresden, where hlie paid a visit to bis uncle, a Lioutent-General of Infantry. Shortly after his arrival in London he bought a box with types and printing utensils, ad also a bill-book, with the object of ikling use of theth, if need be, in the preparation of forged bills. Before discounting the bill on the Anglo-Austrian bank bought at Vienna, he, after obtaining the acceptance of Mcsero. S. Beau mont, director, and F. Bruea, general manager of this bank, imitated thb signatures of these gentlemen on a piece of paper by means of glass, procured a white cloth Austrian fancy uniform great coat, blue panta loons, and a fancy cap with lace, and afterwards left for Amsterdam, where he presented himself to the Austrian Consul as Count Franz von Schtnborn. Dressed in the aforesaid coat and cap, and pretending to be an Austrian officer, he was introduced under the above name to the managers'of the Netherlands India Trading Bank there by the American Consul, and caused the said managers to supply him with 9512f., that is, with 170 English sovereigns 2,027.25,15f. English bank notes; 179.25f., 105.501. in Dutch money, and a letter of credit for 7,200f. on tbhe head agency of the said bank at Batavia, in ex change for four forged German bills filled up by him self on the Anglo-Austrian Bank, containing the signatures of the hobnker A. Zinner as drawer, and of fesers. 8. Beaumont and F. Brouer, respectively director and general manager of the said bank, as accepters, for £200 eabch. Once in the possession of these valuables, he repaired to Paris, where, under the name of Baron Johann von Paumgarten, he procured from the firm of Norton and Co. a letter of credit for 14,163.10f. in exchange for bills forged as before to the amount of £600, on which ee obtined at Paris 1000f., and afterwards at Brussels from the agents of tIhe said firm, G. Caseal and Co., 50001. After a very sliort stay at Brussole, he returned to London with thIe mou?y received atL thIe former place; from London lihe took ipassageo for Australio. Once arrived at Sydney, he gave Iimerolf out to be Count Ignaz von Attoms, captain of hiorose i the Austrian army, and began his forgerics on a greater scale. Amongst other things, me prepared there a forged letter of recommendation from the Archduke Albort to tlhe Austrian consulates i•n Australia and Asia, a forged permission to traverol fromu the said Archlduke and the Austrian Minister of War, a letter of introduction from Anton Count Von Auersperg to HL. E. ir John Young, Govoernor of New South Wales, a circularletterof creditfrom the Anglo Austrian Bank to its correspondents in Australia and Asia, and lastly, bills, in the bill-book brought with him from London, to amounts of £100 and upwards to thie order of Ignaz Count Von Attems, witb the forged acceptances for tile Anglo-Austrian Bank of the aboveneamed Messrs. Beaumont and Breuner, payable by the bankers Glynn and Co., at London, and drawn by the'Aaustrian Minister of Finances, Von Beooke, eon which the Austrian arms were printed on the margin in black ink, with a stamp produced atthe trial, and stated by tile accused tohavebeen boughtat M7areoilles. Across the bills the words "'HIo."' "Accepted," "Payable at," "Director," were printed behind tile signature of Mr. Beaumont. " General Ianager," behind that of Mr. Brouer, and at the foot " K. K. Finanz Ministerium" above the signature of the Minister Kaorl von Beke. Whenever bhe had need of.money, he cut out more of these bills from the book, and furnished with his endorsement as Count Ignaz Von Attems, he sold them to several bankers, and did so to the amount altogether of about £6500, after which he, when he saw that the forgeries must be discovered, bought and fitted out at Brisbane a yacht named the Hamlets's Ghost, with which he steered forJava, with a crew enlisted by himself. Having come off Timor, and feeling a want of proevisions and money to pay his men, he ran into Kupang, and there endorsed to J. H. de Siso, a trader, two of the bills prepared in Australia, one for £100 the other for £200, for which he assorts that he received mostly cash. When he at last arrived at Sourabays he went to the British Con sul, pretending to be Count Ignaz von Attems. By means.of the consul he came into communication with the agent of the Rotterdam Bank there, and sold to him, for the opening of a credit, two of the bills pre viously prepared in Australia and cnt out of his bill book, for the amounts respectively of £200 and £500,. of which amoants he only recoired 2700f. on cheques' drawn by him on the agency of the aforesaid bank at Sourabaya,.and signed with the name of Ignan Count von Atteis. Being thereupon detained and after wards taken into custody, be at first denied his guilt, but, repenting;afterwards of his misdeeds, made a full con~feoassion of his. guilt; which was followed by a lengthy account of his adventures, written by himself for the service of justice. Then follbws the summing up of the facts as to the attempted escape of the accused from prison, and the evidence for the prosecution on that count. According to what is stated, when the accused was in hospital for psedical treatment in August, 1869, he formed the idea ofeseaping by flight from further prosecation. For this purpose he made use of a knife which he had obtained from some one.during a former stay at the hospital, and kept it carefully; with this knife he out out, during eight sucoessive nights, the wood of the window-sill, to which the iron window-bars were fastened, and kept the chips carefully. At last, in the night of the 17th and 16th August in the said year, when everything was ready, he placed a bench that was in his room upright against the wall under the window climbed on it drew a bar out of the window, and then mad hlis escape through the opening thus made, learing behind the knife, and letting himself down by a rope fastened to the nearest bar, which rope had been given to him at his own request for hansging his clothes to dry. Before getting down he hid the pulled out bar under his bed, and so arranged his pillqanthatat firstasight it might bethought there was someone inthe bed. Having endeavoured to swim over the riier behind the hospital, he dived under water on hearing human yoices, and, afterfloating down the stream, he landedand went towards the city. Finding a Javanesea sleeping in his boat in the great river, lie awoke him and bade him row towards the sea, and, having arrived in the roads, ordered him to row the boat to the coast of Madura. When he heard the boatman say, on arriving at a cortain campong, that he was not able to bring him to Sampang, he (the 'accused) atepped ashore, paid the boatiman six guilders, and atterwards.went to fampang, on a horse lent to him by the head man of the campong; from Sampang he reached Pamakausan at length, on a waggon fur nished him by the assistant-resident, having nothing 'else with him than a small bundle containing his clothes and some papers, and wholly without money. At the last-named place he repaired to the Besident, and asked him for some post- horses for Sumanap, 'asserting that he was named Stone, and was captain of marines on board the U.S. ship Hartford, Commodore Howard, which ship had been' taking soundings be tween Bali and Kangean Island; he furtheri4ore asserted that he had been charged to carry over despatches to Sourabaya, and, now that his mission had been fulfilled, wished to return on board by way of Sumanap.; the said Resident, on hearing this, be came suspicious, and caused a controleur to guide him to Sourabaya, saying at the same time, that the ship could not be reached from Sumanap by prahus, after which he was again arrested at Sourebaya and brought back to priesn. The coaiIt thereupon proceeded to pass sentence on him, but'taring into consideration the full confession he had made, his comparative youth at the time of the commission of the crimes, and the seductions he had been exposed to during his very eventful life, thought fit not to punish him with the utmost severity the law allowed. His sentence therefore was,--lest, imprisonment for six years in the house of correction and the payment of a fineo of 100f.1 and confinement for five months in case the fine be not paid. 2ndly, six months' imprisonment, to begin after the expira tion of the foregoing terms. The stamps made use of by him for forging were ordered to bedestroy i. The High Court of Justice, to which the sentence was referred for revision, increased the house of correc tion term from six to ton years, but confirmed the remainder. 