A VISIT FBOM THE DEAD. , fBALLAKAT STAB, ;. 13TH JlTIiY.I , ' Sergeant Larner has; been 'called upon, to act, as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Points iI-AJ fewdays.ago Ah Coon^ who some: yeata since acted as Chineso interpreter at Ballarati waited on the Bergeant to ask his . adiyicp upon a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one: night he was asleep in his UUH, K.W VI V1WW.A *.-^***vj ii~*«^«a k*w .. MU *«&UV;&QVIA; by a tapping atthe door. He got out of bed and looking out,.saw vanishing in the dark ness a, misty 'row of' figures, with Chinese 'cbuntenapces, and clothed in long flowing white robes. '? Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more, returned to his slumbers.. In a 'few. moments the knocking commenced again j and vthis- time when' , Ah Coon went 'tci the ; door, , he Bays the figures wore more :, distinct, and ho .saw that' the v prbcessioni h ; was . , .. - headed ? by. ,the shaclb of an old.Ghinainan, with a long white beardi i Again . the aprocession of : ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon ; returned troubled - to bed;- and again the knocking was resumed.' This time AhCpon ppndored before he opened the door: Ho was sure his visitors were from thb other world, : and he mentally ro-' viewed hia past life to try and remember if ho had ever made any promises to the dead and left thoni unfulfilled. He suddenly re collected that vihen the .cemetery authorities hid on account, of - tho dancer objectod to the burning of papor ovor .tho Chineeo graves in tho cemetery, ,h9 had_ promised to have a small fire-place and chimnoy erected thero for the -i purpose .of parrying out the Chinese .oustom of burning- a certain kind of: papef at different times over the graves of the departed. Thi3 promise he: had not carried out, and he. was, sure thatithiS: accounted for the vitits of the ghosts. ,Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah OoouAvont to the door, andfpund the ghosts drawn up in a scmicirclo before, him. Headdrossod the. venorablo loador in Chi-: nose, promising to have the chimney erected, and ..apologising , for bringing tl^em out in such: ?weather. Immediately . the ; ghosti), vanished;;. |Ah Coon has, built tho chiinnoy and fire-place, ,^ud has , uinco, .ialcnt undis turbed. Tlio game, Chinaman, also, informed the flergeant of aiiotbof. ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened bysoinethirigpulling his shouldor, and when ho opened his eyos ho saw a largo cat with a white breast standing beside him, He know, from the cat's behavior, that it was . not of this earth, but it did not'ftppear to un dorstand Chinese when he addressed it'iu that language, and the anitnal also appeared quito , as ignorant of English.' Ah' Coou .then fe ,mombored that in China,- the land of his birtbi lit was generally ! understood '?' that ghosts ; could not hold pen^ or' pohcilsi ' As this cat could not or would not speak/ Ah Coon wanted it to writeits requests or.comV plaints; but thero was a difficulty about holding the; pen. Chinese ingenuity, how-1 ever,*; soon overcame all difficulties.; Ah pppn got an iron tea tray, ' and having smeared it ? over with oili ' sprinkled it !with.'. fine a3hes* ?: ?- ' The whitp-breasted cat understood at once. '?;'' 'With - one ' of ' ite paws it wrote in Chinesb characters on thb tea tray that it was tho spirit of a Chinaman,' whoso body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully/near Gieswick; 'It iasked Ah Coon to havo the body removed from the claim and ??* decently burieJ, and begged that if suoh a thing* a? an inquest was held, .tho body might not bo mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, -and Ah Coon slept. The next morning ho statos ; that herodo to Long Gully,' found the boHy as desoribod, and had it buried after an . in quest, at which- there was no post ? mortem ' examination, had been hold. Ah Coen wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he should dp in the event of anothor- visit of the same kind, but Larner informed him that the thing was ' out of his line.''.. . , ;, . , 