[?] NELLIE'S BOMANCE. ' So you are going to be married, Nellie?' said Bertie Egerton, stroking his tawny and decidedly handsome moustache. They were . alone in the conservatory, and the musicians were playing the 'Mabel Waltz,' -and the dancers were whirling round like mad. 'Yes,' she said,1, and Bhe said it a little ruefully, as if she Btill carried her heart about with her. and had not given it into the keeping ef her future lord and master. *%I dotftibelieve yoji care for him, Nellie Vince, though you are going to marry him.' 'l*o,' she answered slowly, 'I don't. Indeed, on the whole,' she added candidly, ' I think I -detest him.' . The Vinces were miserably poor — those most unfortunate of beings, goor gentlefolks — the sort of people who, in the course of # season, suffer a dozen of martyrdoms from petty mortifications, with an en durance which, if known, would excite the envy of the ghost of the never-to-be forgotten Spartan boy, and extinguish his glory forever ; the sort of people who have an appearance to keep up, and nothing to keep it upon. They gave a dinner twice a year, and starved for a fortnight before, and grumbled for a fortnight after it. They never went to a theatre unless they had orders given to them, and then they hired a brougham, because cabs cost nearly as much, and were more vulgar ; and they stinted themselves for a week after the indulgence. The girls went to all the parties they were invited to, ' be cause,' said politic Mrs. Vince to Colonel Vince, who, if he had little moneys had much pride — 'because,' said Mrs. Vince, 'they might get off.' Besides, going to parties was less expensive than giving them ; so the girls went in their everlast ing muslins, which were ironed when they were tumbled, and washed when they were dirty. Heigh-ho ! They were 89 poor, though they did not show it much— that is, not much, considering. They wore cheap gloves and common dresses, and made the latter at home ;and they passed by the bonnet shops, which they were never allowed to enter, with a sigh. They pretended to like walking better than driving, and to dislike all wine (that is, at home), excepting claret, which was twelve shillings a dozen. And they kept small fires, and threw up the cinders ; and didn't feel inclined to go to church on collection Sundays — that iB, the Colonel and Mrs. Vince didn't. Nellie, and Clara, and Arthur went to High Church, where there was always a collection ; but they ignored the bag altogether, and when it came round, sang very loudly, and looked at their hymn books very attentively ; «3o they didn't notice it. Nellie was the eldest girl, pretty rather, and decidedly spirited — clever, too, and lively and amusing. She was twenjby-one all but a week, and looked younger and felt older. She had been in love with Bertie Sgerton all her life, but he had nothing besides his handsome self and pretty name to boast of ; so, though they understood each other as perfectly as if there had been a dozen proposals between them, they bowed to circumstances. He was supposed to be a barrister, but he had never held a brief in his life. He had an uncle rolling in money, who had sent him to college, and promised to do something for him, and who had paid the fees for his entrance at the Temple ; but Bertie, though he had acquired great knowledge of the world, had acquired little know ledge of law, so his uncle was not best pleased. Now, 'Money-bags,' as his nephew irreverently called him, was seventy-five, and not amiable — so he would not have been lamented ; but he showed no signs of dying, and if he had, perhaps there might be nothing in his will for Bertie, though he was his nearest relation. Altogether, therefore, things were hopeless ; they could not marry on love and live on air ; besides, Bertie had a righteous horror of poverty. Nellie was romantic, very decidedly romantic, though she pretended to be matterof fact. In her heart she was horridly dis appointed that Bertie didn't propose Gretna, or its equivalent (since that useful institution was abolished). She was in love, very much in love, and if he would have only asked her, would have married him, and settled down to gentepl poverty for the rest of her days with the greatest satisfaction ; bat he didn't. On the contrary, he bewailed his poverty, and said he thought he should propose to ' Plantations' — Plantations being a West Indian heiress with plenty of money and little beauty. Therefore, Nellie, after being talked to, and having all the advan tages explained, to her by her politic mamma, and being lectured and called ' My dear daughter' by her proud papa, had accepted old Brownlow. They were to be married in July, and this was May ; so she had two months' freedom yet, and then — but she resolutely forbore to look any farther. Old Brownlow was as rich as a Jew ; so it was an excellent match, people said, and they were more attentive to the Vinces in consequence, especially*1 to Nellie. He wasn't handsome. He was fifty-five, and rather gray. He wasn't over head and ears in love with Nellie— he adored himself too much for that. The fact was, he wanted a mistress for his house, and some one to head his table, and he thought she would do. He had hesitated between Nellie and her younger sister Clara. Clara was prettier, but Nellie had more spirit, and that had de cided him. He liked her independence and spirit, though he intended to curb it ? as far as he was concerned. Clara would have accepted him much more willingly ^ she liked the pomps and vanities of this iniquitous world, and rather envied Nellie on the- whole, and admired her .diamond engagement ring particularly. Nellie had not seen Bertie since the evening that ring had been placed' on her not at all willing finger, till they met at the Wilfqrds' pa$ty. Luckily, old Brownlow was not there, so they had it all their own way. They had danced about a dozen bars of the 'Mabel,'' and then betaken themselves' to that dimly-lighted and remarkably convenient conservatory.. 'Detest him !'. said Bertie; 'pleasant, certainly;' but he seemed rather pleased, on the whole, br, at all events, decidedly not syinpaV lilBing, as he onglit jfcq nayeiweh. . . **£$- ,d6ecl1J 1 1 d%' Bertie.' . They .wefje, mi^|n j down in. ih& cosiest cprne^of .that cos' j flirtation harbor. . ' Why do youniariy iutti, iiheflf ' ^hiJt^licS,^ «he *bpited a^little scornfully. .' r' JWbttUjr jpujag ped jjofl-you must be,' he .said, leaking aafif he considered her a curiosity ; but there was a look in his eyes as he bent them down on her which Nellie didn't see, or her heart might . have fluttered unplea santly,. -tTery:.wordly.young person,' he repeated, ' but not at all singular, Jthough.' 'lam Bure f .-would-' much rather not,' she Bald dolefully;'* you don't know how I dread it. I .am sure a don't mind poverty in thejeast ; indeed, I rather like it ;' but&ertone; rwasdoubt- ; ful when she added the latter clause, and -her thoughts reyerted-'to the blue in; the letter-clip : on :her papa's writing table, and the foot-notes appended to many of them, to the effect. that -Messrs. fio-and so must request, &c.;' ''-Doesn't do now a-days, darling,' he said. He Called i.er darlingnowand then, and Nellie pretended not to hear it. He only did it now and then. ' '.I am sure money isn't everything, ' eheTemarkecT sagely. 'It's a great -leal, though.' 'Oh, of courseitis,'sheanswered a little crossly. ..She was a shade vexed, to tell the truth. 'Of course it is some thing always to have a nice house, and servants, and carriages, and big fires, and four-and-sixpenny gloves, and new bon nets, and not have to turn one's frocks, ' nor extinguish half the wax candles the moment one's guests are gone — and— and'1 But she stopped, and shook some rose leaves off her muslin dress, which looked more crumply than usual. ' You know all the advantages, Nell,' he said ; ' you have evidently learned them by heart, as children learn the multipli cation table in the days of their infancy. Go on.' 'And — and ' — she was nearly crying, his coolness was so provoking — ' and — some one— a husband '—and she gave a great gulp at the word ; she couldn't have brought it out if he hadn't been so disagreeable -' to love one, atid take care of one.' ' There are others willing to stand in that relation to you besides Brownlow.' ' Oh !' she said, waiting for him to proceed, but he didn't, only went on stroking his moustache — in an insane manner, Nellie thought ; so she wished she had said ' Where V\ instead of ' Oh !' which might have induced him to be more explicit. ' Wish I wasn't such a pauper,' he remarked presently, and he sighed. Nellie heard the sigh, and was de lighted. He had left off stroking his moustache now, and was looking into her eyes. She did see the expression in bis now, and she felt her turn had come. ' What a delightful couple we shall be 1' she said teasingly. 'How we shall yawn at each other from each side of the fire place ; and how superbly, polite we shall be to each other, and how he will hate me in six months when he finds I fulfil all piy duties properly, excepting that of loving him ;' and she was a little bitter now. ' You don'-t love him, then ?' he asked eagerly. ' Didn't I tell you I de tested him !' ' Nellie' — and his face was very close to her's — 'Nellie, how happy we could have been !' ' Yes,' she whispered, and she didn't move her face. 'No use, darling;' and he kissed the lips which were so temptingly close to his, and wasn't reproved. Very shocking, wasn't it? — especially consi dering that diamond ring on the third finger of her left hand. Perhaps she had forgotten it, though, for she hadn't taken off her glove. 'You see there would be such a fearful row, and we have no money.' ' Yes,' she saidt doubtfully. Jus£ then the waltz ended, and little knots ot Heated dancers strolled in, so their tete a-tete came to an untimely end. Bertie was quieter than usual when he reached home that night, and stroked his moustache more than ever. ' Dear little girl !' he said to himself. ' If old Moneybags would only do something, or something would only turn up, I'd risk it — declare I would. She's much too good for Brown low.' And when Nellie reached home, she divested herself of her finery in five minutes, rolled her muslin frock up in a ball in her excitement, and cried herself to sleep. There wasn't any hope left for her ; it only wanted a fortnight to the time ; and the cake was ordered, and the bride maid's finery bought, and the guests in vited. Nothing turned up. Moneybags was alive, Bertie out of town, and alto gether, the whole thing was certain. 'Ugh 3' she said to herself, ' how I hate him 1' She was trying on her wreath, which Tiad come from Madame de Blank's. ' Ugly old thing !' That was not at all a proper expression to make regarding her future spouse ; but she made it. 'Nasty pompous old thing; to insist, too, on our spending the honeymoon at his mouldy old country-seat when I wanted,, to go to Paris, and see all the shops. ' -Nellie had a weakness for shops, and a partiality for spending money in them. 'Honeymoon, indeed ! O, Bertie, if it had. been you, AsyrKrig ;' and she began to cry. After all, she was only a woman, and women are very foolish. Now chance played Nellie that day a very good turn. .' The colonel had gone . into the country to see , an old friend ; Mrs. Vince, and Clara, and Arthur had gone out ; and so Nellie was alone in the house. At that moment the housemaid entered. She was a good-looking house maid, and a good-natured one, and a good-tempered one, and she was very fond of Nellie, who sometimes told her her secrets. ' Miss Nellie,' she said, ' Mr. Egerton is in the drawing-room, and they are all out ; ,and. Mary Janie lookedas if she knew all about it. 'Toil don't mean it ! ? Here, take this ;' anjl she flung aside her wreath, gave a hasty look in the glass, and rushed down stairs, came to a, full stop at the drawing-rooik door, and walked in in a very composea manner. ' Nellie,' lie said, meeting her as she entered, ' they are all out, are they not ; And .lie 'took her two' hands ,ih his, while she wondered if anything could have turned up, andalmost thought that it had. 'Yes.' 'Thatfs jolly. % want to talk to you so much-, dear. Come and sit down on the sofa by me,'- he saia caressingly ; and she went.! 'Well?!' she asked. ' Well^'Tie said, 'how is the wedding getting pn V ' Oh ?' she ex claimed, disappointedly, 'is that alii1' ' All 1 Why, don't you know a wedding is tiie most important tMog in the worldj !|k;^^^^;.^^B^^|^;;.;/5It-a't:.in minej 'r£ne sam^gi^ivelyj =for aheicJatf dis ^ppJHntedj indr copld-not' hek- it ; and hereyes began to fill with teats, and he, «eeii^ them, was merciful Besidesf, «he was, looking wonHerfuIly pretty just at that moment, and' -belonged to Jobs her, &}& wa?n^sure jl^^ proper moment had arrived for that performance. 'Nellie,' he laMd^.'* Uncle Blake is* dead' (Uncle Blake was old Moneybags) : 'died a -week ago; and he has left me att his' imonay— all, every penny!' '-Jh V' -1' and she opened her eyes very -, wide—' O, Bertie. Well?' and *he, waited. ' So I shall be able to give- -you something jolly lor a hridat gift; shan't IV ' Bertie!' she eiclaiitfbi indignantly, and tried to pull.U'way liePnands, but he neld theni tightly. 'Darling,' he said, 'we won't ^utolEthe wedding % but shall we change the bridegroom ?' and he was kissing hemow,. 'I don't understand,-' she said innocently, though of course she did. '? Will you have me, instead of old Brownlow, .darling ?' 'Yes,'' she said plumply, and she looked down, and looked very confused, and pretty, and ^PPy. ; all of which ,was highly proper, of course: 'But what will they say? They will never consent ;' and she pulled away her hands, and looked up with two very burning cheeks. ' We won't ask them. Tell them when it is all over ; and then let them storm, and let Brownlow tear his hair.' 'O how nice !'. she exclaimed, with an exul tation which was undutiful towards her parents, and unchristian towards old Brownlow. ?'Do you mean we are to elope V ' Yes,' and he nodded gravely — ' elope.' He enjoyed, he delighted in the idea amazingly. — ' Listen, darling. 1 have thought of everything, and though I am now as good a match as Brownlow, still they could never consent, after all the fuss, and talk, and bother ; so I think it will be best to avoid all row. I will stay away till the time, 'and you shall meet me, when. I have arranged all, early one morning; and we will be quietly married, and be off to some -watering place, and then write and tell them. The knot will be tied, so storming won't be of any use.' That was a long, speech for Egerton to make. He. didn't talk much, as a rule. ' Very early in the morning?' she asked. ' Ten or eleven, I suppose.' She was rather disappointed again. Her idea of an elopement consisted of escaping in the dead of the night out of a window, down a ladder, with a lace hand kerchief tied over her head, and her lover waiting below with a large cloak to wrap her up in, and a noiseless carriage hidden in the distance, to convey her away. Bertie's ideas were rather commonplace, she thought. ' You can manage it, can't you Nell ?' he asked. ' Yes ; O yes. Lucky thing I'm of age, though, Bertie I' she remarked importantly. She was twenty-one and a month. 'Very muciu so,' he returned approvingly. — ' Now, darling,' he whispered, 'tell me when — one day next week darling. Let's see ; to-day is Tuesday — now, darling, tell me when it shall be ?' Then she looked very demure, and turned away her head, and she didn't know ; but after much coaxing and blushing, it was finally fixed for the Thursday ; so she had ten days to get ready. Her marriage with old Brownlow would have taken place two days later, if it had been going to come off. ' Tell you what, Nell ; I shan't come again, and so you won't see me till the morning. Can't you pre tend to go and spend the day with Maggie Greton I ' Maggie Greton was Nellie's cronie. ' Put her up to it, and bring her with you, and you can meet me at the end of the square.' ' Yes, Ber tie,' she said obediently — ' I shan't wear my wreath afteV all,' she added a little regretfully. ' No ; it wouldn't be quite the thing in the street. Besides, they might render the ceremony null and void, on the plea of insanity,' he remarked. 'I^hall certainly leave it behind,' she replied decidedly. 'All right. You bring Maggie, and I will bring Welsh — first-rate fellow, Welsh; good for any thing. Those two will do famously. What a dear little girl you are, Nell ! You don't plague a fellow at all. You've got bo much sense ; more than I have, eser so much.' ' Rather a pity, on the whole, we made Nell accept Mr. Brownlow,' re marked Mrs. Vince, when she heard of Bertie's accession. 'He might have proposed to. you, Olara, and Nellie liked Bertie, I fancy.' 'Too late now,' said Clara. 'Oh, of course. What would people Say ? I would not do such a thing for the world. , Besides, consider all the expense we have gone to.' ' 1 never liked that young Egerton,' remarked old Brownlow that evening. ' He is a puppy.' ' That he's not,' exclaimed Nellie. She didn't fear her elderly be trothed much now, and felt inclined to serve him out. ' ' Oh !' said old Brown low astonished ; -and he put up his glasses, which were double, with a thick gold rim. 'Ah! really my dear young lady, you are very decided in' ? . 'My opinion. I should thinkso. Why, I have known Bertie Egerton a century, and he's a brick !' — which was altogether an improper speech for a younglady to make. It wasn't re spectful to ; old Brownlow. , It wasn't truthful ; for 'she hadn't known Bertie for a century. It wasn't ladylike ; for 'brick' is a slang word. Therefore, it is not to be wondered at that astonished faces turned towards her indignantly, and that scandalised eyes bent down upon her sternly. , Maggie Greton enjoyed the idea amaz ingly, and was quite willing to help. She was her own.;mistress; and could do as she liked. ' She had no mother, and her father was - a bookworm, and did not trouble much about vrhat went on around him, which was convenient. The morning came, and Nellie went round to Maggie's early. She kissed -them all very affec tiouatelv before she left home. She felt frightfully wicked ; but. she thought of old Brownlow, and. could not repent. ' There they are, Nellie,' said .Maggie, as a brougham with . Egerton and Welsh came round the corner ; and they got in, and all four went to church together, which, of course, was not etiquette ; but that could not be studied, in an elope ment. Nellie was* uncommonly grave. 'Believe you are 'frightened, Nell,' whispered Maggie, who had been doing a side flirtation with Welsh, and seemed to enjoy it. J% Welli :you see, I never was a bride before/' she said Blowly, which was true. ''It iifiiot ifche ^%it romantic,' ; she thought, as they stood at the altar railB, Vailing jEor the laergyman, t^ho was y slow in ^putting on 'Ms surplice — 'not the least. I always thought, for an elopement, - one had a post chaise, with four white horses ; two poBt boys, . both grinning ; and rose-colored blinds to draw down the moment the bride and bridegroom were inside. Sup pose it is not fashionable now ; for Bertie knowsj of courke.' Just 'then the cere mony began ; and so she looked very frightened and subdued. A whole church and a parson to one's self is enough to subdue one. They went off to the rail way station 'directly the ceremony was over ; there wais no wedding breakfast. They would dine at Worthing, they said, as they sent Maggie and- Welsh away to gether, hungry i but seemingly very well satisfied with each other, which they were. ' I think Fd better write home now,' said Nell, when they were comfortably arrived at their destination, and sitting at the window watching the boats .which jumped latJout on the water. ' They'll get it to-morrow early.' ' All right, darling,' he 'said ; and she sat down, and didn't know what to say. ' Do come and help me, Bertie !' ' Dearest Mg-mtna, — Please, forgive me. I know, of course, I am very, very wicked; butlhave ? ' ['I don't know what to say next.'] ' This morning been married to Bertie Egerton. You see he is rich now ? ' [' Cool,' said Bertie, ' Pray, did you marry me for that reason ? Very worldly young person;' but he didn't look afraid of her motives. ' Very,' nodded Nellie, in a Burleigh-like man ner. ' Wish you wouldn't interrupt. You'll put all ideas out of my head, and Clara is sure to quiz it.'] ' So you must fay and forgive me. 1 could not love Mr. Brownlow, who is very ugly, you know, dear mamma, and ? ' [' O Nell !' ' So he is, dear. '[ 'So I have married Bertie Egerton, who loves me very much ; and beg you to forgive me, and I ? ' [' Will ? never do it any more,' suggested Bertie. ' Goose,' exclaimed Nell. When a woman calls a man a goose she is generally in love with him.] ' Will never forget your kind ness. Keep some of the cake for me ? ' ['Greedy you are, NelL'] 'Or else tell Clara if she marries she may have it and the wreath. — Please forgive me, dear mamma and papa, and believe me your ever affectionate daughter, Nellie.' ' Egerton,' said Bertie, ' put that in.' He was looking over her shoulder. She had left room for her new name on pur pose, but meant to be coaxed into writing it. ' Oh, I had forgotten that was my name now ;' . which she hadn't, for she had written it down when she was quite alone yesterday, and then torn it up into very Small bits, and lighted a match and burned the bits lest any one should try to put them together again. Besides, Maggie had called her ' Mrs. Egerton' the ? moment the ceremony was ' over, so she couldn't have forgotten it. 'No ; I shan't put it in ; I don't like it,' which was another fib, for slie did; 'Better than Brownlow, ever so much.* ' Brown low is a very good name,' ahe remarked decidedly. ' Come, put it in, darling ; Nellie Egerton will look bo pretty.'- 'I don't like. I don't much think it is pretty.' 'I am sure it is, and very romantic, too.' 'Do you think it is romantic ?' she asked doubtfully. ' Why, I should think so. Makes one think of a three-volumed novel.' ' I'll see how it looks, then,' she said ; and she wrote it. ' Let me see, have I spelt it properly 1 O yes ; that's lucky.' ' Won't old Brown low swear,' said Bertie, 'that's all.' He did swear, too ; and they all stormed, and sent indignant letters, and did all sorts of things ; but they came round in the end. Old Brownlow insisted on seeing the letter, and when he did, raved at the passage concerning . his personal ap pearance. ' Scandalous !' he exclaimed. 'And such shameful stories!' said Clara, looking up in his face horrified. Whereupon old Brownlow thought what a sensible girl she was ; much better than Nellie, and prettier too. 'Perhaps he will come round to Clara,' thought politic Mrs. Vince. He did in the end ; and so she came in for the diamond ring which Nellie left behind on her dressing-table, stuck on an absurd ring- stand, made out of a spray of mock-coral.— CTuMnAers's Journal. ___^ 