THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 7,, 1871. V Shade of Inigo Jones hover not over Tasmania, lest thy quiet rest be disturbed Spirits of Jons Thorpe, Gab and G'nitisrMAs,RoT)OLPH Symonds, Thomas Holt, and all who have become eminent as exemplifies of the Elizabethan style of architecture, mingle not with the ghosts from St. David's Cemetery', last wander back along Davey-street the violence that is being done the neat but unpretending building, first known its St Mary's Hospital, be observed, and the hearts of men sink within them at the earthquakes, storms by sea and land, and convulsions of Nature in which you take vengeance for the indignity done that art and science in which you so delighted, by the hideous monstrosity that is being erected as an addition to the old hospital, to adapt it for tho purpose of the Lands Works Department; as well as hitherto for \--? ? the Survey and Printing branches of the public service. A celebrated German writer and thinker has described architecture as " frozen music." In the new addition there is much of the chilliness, but little of the music. Architecture, we read, may, in its widest sense, be regarded either from an artistical, a scientific, or a utilitarian point of view. The designer of the new addition can therefore have nothing of the architect in him, for the production which he is erecting as a standing reproach to Tasmania, is alike destitute of everything artistical, scientific, or utilitarian. As an art, architecture is regarded as a means of giving external form and sensible expression to mental conceptions or ideas ; as a science, it consists in the knowledge of certain laws of physical nature, and a consequent power of calling them into play or counteracting their operation ; while in its utilitarian sense, architecture becomes a practical art, which has for its object the applications of the principles both artistic and scientific, which thus embraced, tend to the elevation of national and individual character, and the increase of the physical comfort and well being of mankind. But what a caricature on this analysis of the nature, object, and design of architecture is the building designed by the Director of Public Works, now being erected as an addition to the Survey and Government Printing Offices. " Nature," it is said, I " is not self-contradictory, and art and science, beauty and utility, when rightly understood, are never in conflict." The new wing I either proves how untrue is this hitherto i recognised principle of architecture, or it proves that the designer, we cannot call him architect, of the new building is perfectly ignorant of the I very rudiments of the art he professes. He has succeeded in the production of a building that, though not yet completed, outrages every notion of art and science, and treats beauty and utility as undeserving of consideration. St. Mary's Hospital, that has for some years been occupied as the Survey and Government Printing Offices, is familiar to most Tasmanians. It is admittedly a very fair, though, as we have said, an unpretending specimen of the Elizabethan style of architecture. Diverted from its original purpose, it underwent certain mode" fictions as regards internal arrangements, in order to adapt it to the branches of the public service, to which it has been since devoted. The introduction of a new Head of Department into our Governmental staff, in the person of the MiNisTER of Lands and Works, has been held to involve the necessity for the erection of new offices in connection with this new branch of the service ; a necessity that has not been shown. Extensive additions are, at any rate, being now made to the old building in question for the purpose ; though, if further accommodation be absolutely required, it may be questioned why, instead of going to a building detached a considerable distance from the other Government offices, and making hideous its pretty neat appearance, advantage was not taken of the very considerable outlay that was some years ago incurred in building foundations for a contemplated new Survey Office at. the rear of the Court House in Macquarie-street, and facing Franklin Square ? Much stone work lies buried there, and an important front to the public buildings has been left unfinished. That may form a separate future subject of inquiry. We confine ourselves at present to the unsightly mass of brick work now in progress in Davey street, by which an old and rather pleasing public building is being grossly disfigured. So unsightly is the building being now erected, that even at this eleventh hour we would have its further progress stopped, and every stone and brick razed to the ground. Government officers in the various Depart- ments, at least the Heads, are supposed to be the best fitted men, best qualified, and to possess the greatest talent for the stations they fill. Hence we might naturally expect that designs for public buildings erected at the public expense, and emanating from the Public Works Department, would be such models of construction, convenience, and propriety, as might safely be followed in other buildings. We need scarcely express a hope that no one will adopt this latest design of a Tasmanian public servant, who does not owe his position to long service or seniority; but was placed there by the present Ministry, as if of all Tasmanian Architects and Surveyors, alone fit to conduct the amalgamated Departments of Public Works and Survey. In the new wing designed by the Director of Public Works, and, of course, approved of bythoMiNisTEROF Lands, we have the most miserable abortion of a building ever witnessed. Numerous are the inquiries made as to the object of a number of narrow slits in the walls fronting Murray-street and Salamanca Place and why there is such incongruity between the now front to Davey-street and that already erected. We understand the numerous narrow slits are intended for windows, in the type setting, or composing room of the Government Printing Office, which is to be transferred to the new building. The inner jambs of the narrow slits are carried square through as if to admit as little light as possible, instead of being played off as we usually see such portions of other buildings. This blunder, has, however, been detected by the designer, or, perhaps, by the person set over the workmen, and is being remedied by the inner angles being chipped off with a mallet and chisel ; a novel, no doubt, if not a cheap, mode of house building. As the original building was an hospital for the sick, and the now one presents the appearance of an hospital for the insane, it might add to its significance if at least one iron bar were inserted in each slit window. In the composing room attached to the Mercury establishment, and indeed to every proper printing office, every means of admitting light was adopted as indispensable ; but in what is to be the Government Printing Office, the windows are so absurdly small, that not only will there be a deficiency of light, but they are so close together that there will be no accommodation for the type cases. If, as we are informed, it is the intention to place the cases one against each window, there is not sufficient space for the men to work. When a compositor requires to take a case out of the lower frame, he will only be able to do so by interrupting some of his fellow work- men. But it must not be imagined that the only mode of admitting light is by these slit windows. While the poor compositors are to be huddled anyhow, there is one large and spacious window to light a passage ; probably leading to the rooms of the Minister of Lands and of the Director of Public Works, striking by its mag- nificence, compared with the dinginess around, awe into the minds of those calling on those gentlemen. What the rest of the building may prove as to convenience of arrangement, and propriety in design and construction, we are unable at present to judge ; but we protest i strongly against Hobart Town being made a bye word of by the mongrel, vulgar, and unsightly [ mass of inferior bricks that is being added to one of our best and most admired public edifices. In the name of everything ugly, why did the Director of Public Works deviate from the plan before him, and in the new building so thoroughly ignore the old ? Nor is the ugliness of the new building its worst fault. Is the Director of Public Works anxious to discourage the increasing demand in the other colonies for Tasmanian stone, that he has principally used in the erection of a public building in Hobart Town the inferior bricks in common use in this Colony for mean and shabby buildings ? We possess a superabundance of the very best white and ! brown stone, and even should some additional cost have been the consequence, our new public building should have been something to which to point, to show what finish Tasmanian stone is capable of. This we have to look for in the most important public buildings in Melbourne and other Colonial cities and towns ; while here Government, instead of showing an example, use an inferior brick. We refuse to accept the explanation that the new stone would not agree with the old. There is no attempt at harmony in anything else. Time would, by and bye assimilate the old and now stone. It never will do this to stone and brick, even should the latter be stuccoed. Nor will the highly variegated brown stone used in the new front to Davey-street, ever assume the colour of the white stone used in the erection of the old building. Besides the absurdities in design and construction, in keeping with the Pontville Bridge also a monument of the Director of Public Works' talents, the new addition to the Survey and Printing Offices has an air of the cheap and nasty about it, and smacks so thoroughly of incapacity, that, if it effect nothing else, will force on Parliament the question of the com- petency of the Heads of the Department. The rabbit nuisance is not confined to the agricultural and pastoral interests. We are afraid some of the readers of The Mercury consider it an intolerable nuisance to be bothered every other day with dissertations in every style of language, and calling into service every species of argument likely to strengthen the particular views propounded, as to the purpose of rabbits in the economy of nature; the propriety of reducing their numbers, if not exterminating them, and the best means of effecting this end. The subject seems a very simple one, but such of our readers as complain of so much space being given to that which they have no interest, should sympathise with us, for they see only a small portion of the correspondence we have to read on the subject and which, simple as the subject may seem to be, would enshroud it in mystery, as if the habits of the rabbit now, for the first time, had arrested public attention. One set of correspondents scout the idea of the possibility of poisoning rabbits by strychnine ; while another set treat these with contempt, as mere assertions and writers on a subject of which they know nothing. It seems strange that in a country where rabbits have become so numerous as to be undoubtedly a nuisance, and there is no re- striction placed on the sale of poisons, there should be any room for doubt as to whether rabbits will take the person named. On the one hand, we have the distinct assertion of correspondents who speak in the affirmative from personal observation. On the other hand, we have a contemptuous denial. Why do not the latter incur the little trouble and expense necessary to enable them to speak from experience ? Rabbits eat almost any vegetable food ; the coarser blades of cabbage, turnip and mangold leaves, celery tops, carrot tops, and other produce of the garden not suitable for human use, are, so sides the grass of the field, the young cereal crops, and bulbous roots, readily consumed by them, as are duckweed, thistles, dandelion, and many other weeds and what more natural than that strychnine, being colourless and in odorous, might be eaten with some of these 1 That this poison should be successfully used in the destruction of a creature that those who suffer by it consider vermin of the worst kind, is not so questionable as the propriety of using it, at any rate without very great caution. Much, however, of the alarm that is sought to be created would be obviated, were the poison used with some of the articles we have named, instead of with fruit. There would be no danger of children taking to chewing cabbage leaves and mangold tops. But still the danger follows of the poisoned rabbits finding their way to market, and the poison being thus introduced into the pot. The practice of poisoning rabbits now renders unavailable what has hitherto proved an acceptable and valuable article of diet. We do not mean to argue that the farmer or grazier should tolerate the destroyer of that on which he depends for the feed of his cattle and sheep, in order that rabbits may become an article of traffic, and form an item in the dietary scale of those who live in towns. We know the evil has become intolerable, and is becoming positively ruinous. We can scarcely form an idea of their numbers in some localities; but knowing that they are very numerous, and knowing also that they begin to breed at six months of ago, and are capable of producing several litters in a year, of from 4 to 12 or more in a litter, we may readily excuse the terrors which their numbers and fertility are causing in many country districts. Something must be done to thin and keep them down. Is poison either the readiest or most effective means 1 We think not, and certainly it is not the most judicious. Though rabbits are looked upon as a nuisance and vermin, they are not so utterly worthless as the mode of dealing with them in Tasmania might lead us to believe. Their very numbers must suggest how unwise it is to give this Colony almost entirely up to sheep farming. The poisoning of them, and allowing them to rot where they die, polluting the atmosphere, or converting them into manure, is a culpable dis- regard of what might be made a valuable article of commerce. It may be accepted as a truism that rabbits disappear before man. Where a country is thickly peopled, and agriculture is industriously pursued, the rabbits become scarce, and in the shape of sport and food, give a return for the injury they do. While on the other hand, where the land is given up to sheep and cattle, and man finds no place, the rabbits, if they once get a footing, speedily dispute possession with those animals for which man had to make room and those animals will have, in their turn, to give place to the rabbits, that, if they have nothing to contend with but poison will continue to dispute every blade of grass with the sheep and ox. A correspondent has said in our columns that so long as miles upon miles of fencing occupy whole districts of country, and not a sign of human habitation is to be seen, the owners of such lands but maintain rabbit preserves. This is but too true. Without the cause of rabbits, at any rate to the extent that prevails in Tasmania, attention is being forced on the people of New South Wales to the injury done that Colony by large undivided runs; and in a series of articles on the subject, the Sydney Morning Herald has been pointing out the benefits arising from fencing and subdividing pasture lands. Speaking of their capabilities, only as such a contemporary says :- | " Largo undivided runs have been the destruction of many of the finest and very best and gone on grasses. Of this there can be no doubt. Subdivision will not only double the stock-carrying capabilities of the land ; it also admits of the practice of judicious grazing being carried out, and of the good grasses getting a chance of restoring themselves again. Overstocking, and the absence of divisional fences, have hitherto proved a great drawback, and a hindrance to dealing fairly by grass land. How ever, as land increases in value, we shall have to pay more and more attention to this important subject, and when the time arrives that we have to make the most that can be made of pasture land, it will be by means of judicious subdivision, judicious grazing, and under-stock- ing. " But this would be but meeting the difficulty half-way If the owners of large sections of land now constituting undivided runs. and not yielding the owner more than a shilling or two an acre, would permit small portions to be occupied as agricultural farms, and would give encourage- ment for their culture, the rabbit would soon cease to be the intolerable nuisance it is. The agriculturist would effectually assist in reducing the pest, and their very numbers would be by him converted into a source of income, pending his getting his farm or small holding into rotation. They are very much mistaken who look on rabbits as only the enemy of the owners of cattle and sheep, and from which no recompense can be obtained for the mischief they do. The flesh of the rabbit, we all know, is a welcome article of diet, and were the market regularly supplied and the terror of the poison removed, would enter largely into the food consumption of the Colony and though in this, as in many other matters, Tasmanians throw from them means of wealth at their command, rabbit. skins have a regular commercial value in consequence of the hair being well adapted forfeiting purposes. " Hence," says a reliable writer and statistician, " they are collected in large numbers by the chiffoniers of this (Britain) and other countries, and the hair itself is not unfrequently imported from Holland and Belgium, under the erroneous name of Cony wool. Its chief use is in making the bodies of felt hats, and this is now done by machinery of a very ingenious description," which for our present purpose it is not necessary that we should describe. The same authority says, " the skins after the hair has been removed from them are sold to the glue makers, and are used mixed with shreds of other skins-in the manufacture of glue and size. Besides these uses the skins of rabbits are dressed as furs in various ways to supply the demand for cheap articles and so skilfully is this branch of trade carried on, that admirable imitations of the rarer and more costly furs are made. Thus ermine and minister are made from white rabbit skins, the black ones furnishing the spots, and the common variety is dressed and dyed various ways, to represent the furs of dark coloured animals. " There has been of late years a large market in the United States for the imitation furs prepared from rabbit skins, and British manufacturers have imported largely to that country. A traffic might thus be opened up between England and Tasmania that might successfully compete with Holland and Belgium and even should the flesh be considered worthless as an article of trade, the skins could be cheaply dealt with so as to preserve them, and then sent to London where they would find a ready sale. Not a Salmon East Sunday evening, while our fellow-townsman, Mr. Walter Graham, and a friend or two from the north, were amusing themselves amongst the poetic and picturesque surroundings of the' Cascade brewery, a quick and gyrating movement in the waters near was observed by the travellers. As anything in the shape of a splash in the water bursts into a salmon now-a- days, great was the exultation of our visitor friends at the first rise and as patiently did they wait, as Mr. Walter did with hands on thighs, for the next bubble. Presently up came a bluish kind of creature that skimmed the pond under the open eyed gaze of the wondering pedestrians, and then darted down like a meteor into the world below. Game of some sort being on foot or rather "web" in this instance-the terriers, who had bristled their hair and stood over the dam side for some time, now gave chase, and then a general chivey took place all round the pond, while the dogs barked thunder and meant death. After half an hour's as good run as ever another gave, up turned a fine old buck platypus, which after a final struggle or two gave in to the choir. Several English trout are in the rivulet which supplies the dam, and it is supposed that Mr. Platypus, who is a fish feeder, had come to pay them a visit Hobart Valuation Boil Some appeals against this roll were heard yesterday at the General Sessions. From the nature of the proceedings it is evidently time a valuation roll, which was made, thirteen years ago, should be re-made, and that by persons who understand the depreciated nature of property in the district. Those who do not care to subject themselves to loss of time and other unpleasantness are obliged to put up with the inequality of the assessment, and notwithstanding the utmost attention of the Revision Court and the appellate magistrates, injustice must be done. General Sessions At the April sessions held at the Town Hall yesterday, the visiting justices, Messrs. J. M. Wilson and Tonkin, were re-appointed for the year. A pawnbroker's licence was transferred and a number of appeals against the Valuation Roll for the district of Hobart were disposed of. The adjourn- ment day was fixed for Monday, May 15th. Police At the Police Court yesterday a man named Mulvaney was charged with disturb- ing the peace, and also with assaulting the apprehending constable. The statement of the constable was to the effect that the man created a disturbance in Goulburn-street on Saturday evening by fighting, and when an attempt was made to take him into custody he became very violent, kicking and biting the constable most viciously. The man was fined 10s. 6d., or, in default, to be imprisoned for fourteen days for each offence. Fatal Boat Accidents boatman named Michael Mcintyre reported to the police yesterday afternoon that at midnight on the 2nd inst., whilst coming through the Passage Mouth, his whaleboat, laden with oil, cabbages, and potatoes, from Recherche Bay, capsized, drowning his wife, Mary Mcintyre, and a man named Anthony Dogherty or Lavelle. Mcintyre saved himself by getting on the keel of the boat, where he continued four hours after daylight yesterday morning, trying to make signals, before the pilot came to his assistance. Fire at Green Ponds On Friday a fire broke out in a stable belonging to Mr. Flexmore, which, with a quantity of straw, was destroyed. The roof of the old school-house belonging to Mrs. Ellis caught fire, but through the exertions of the neighbours-especially of several native youths, including H. Harvey, D. Brown, E. Currie, Madden, and others-the building was saved from destruction. The people assisted with truly good spirit. The fire is supposed to be the work of an incendiary. The stable was insured. I Attacked by a Ballina man named Geo. Fuller, in the employ of Mr. Nicholls, O'Brien's Bridge, was taken to the General Hospital on Sunday night, having several of his ribs frac- ture 1, caused by a bull having run at him and thrown him down. it The poor man remains under Dr. Smart's care. The Steamers Shippers and passengers by the T.S N. Co's steamer Southern Cross, which sails to-day for Melbourne, will do well to recollect that instead of sailing at 4 p.m., as usual, she is to sail at noon, and will clear out at the Customs at 11 '30 a.m. The City of Hobart ss., for Sydney, will clear at 330 p.m., and sail at 4 o'clock. St. David's meeting of parishioners was held at the school-room, Harrington- street, yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of determin- ing whether the patronage of the church in the event of a vacancy in the incumbency should vest in the Bishop or in a board. The Rev. J. T. Gellibrand presided, and it was resolved that as heretofore the patronage should be in the Bishop. The Lent lecture at the Cathedral, last evening, was preached by the Rev. A. Davenport, instead of the Rev. J. T. Gellibrand, in consequence of the indisposition of the latter. Holy Week The Rev. C. P. Greene is to preach the second lecture at St. David's this evening. Subject-' ' Behold the Man-In Boy- hoods BuKiiiTON.-The patronage meeting is to be held at St. Mark's Brighton, at 5 this afternoon. O'Brien's Bridge A meeting in connection with the Bible Society is to be held this evening at O'Brien's Bridge. Chair to be taken at seven o'clock. The Meeting at Oatlands for the purpose of considering the best means of destroying rabbits is to be held on Saturday and not on Friday as originally advertised. City Lights. It will be seen by our report of the City Council proceedings that a resolution was passed by the Council to offer to the Gas Company £8 per lamp, for the supply of not less than two hundred lamps, under a new contract. New Town Races A meeting of persons interested in the New Town 1871 race meeting will be held at the Derwent Hotel at half-past eight o'clock this evening, to arrange the programme and transact other business. 