BIOeESiLN SYNO3X Tuesday, Mat 16. - SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. At 11 o'clock the clerical and lay members of Synod assembled at St. Paul's Church, where, after morning service, the Holy Communion was celebrated by His Lordship the Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Russell, the Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, and the Rev. Canon Dove. After the Communion, His Lordship delivered his ' Pastoral Address ' as follows :— ' Reverend and Lay Brethren — 'The Prophet Daniel has recorded of himself that when the visions of the great empires of the world passed before Ms mind he was ' troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in his heart.' We, too, have seen during the past year the fall of one empire and the rise of another. . We have 'witnessed the passing away of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The States of -the Church have been absorbed in a United Ita'y, ana Rome has once more become the capital of a- free and great people. With the political consequences of these events we in this place, and on this occasion,- have no concern; ftut their effect on Ahe general interests of the kingdom -of -Christ -may well occupy our atten tion. The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs affect the mind of -millions of Christian subjects of the * Roman obedience.* Such -a catastrophe after a possession «f 1,114 years, touching -nearly the feelings of one-half of Christendom, must, ako interest all who believe in the Corporate unity of the visible Church of Christ! uNor- -are: the ways of Previ dencein this dispensation tobe overlooked. - As the 8 word of one FrankiBh monarch in the 8th century transferred the States of the Church from the King of ihe Lombards to the See of Rome, so the King of Loinbardy has reannexed them on the downfall of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. ' - ; . : . . '.' ?; ' Again,' on the very day ?= on which = ia St. Peter's certain -Bishops claimed for the See of Rome spiritual dominion in matters of faith and' morals over the mind of the whole world, war broke out between Gerfliany and France. The foreign soldiery by which the Papal Go vernmeat was supported- were withdrawn, and ?Kome fell to the Kingdom, erstaiy-by the votes of its own citizens. It will be remarked ;also that not only: France, but Spain and Austria, which as portions -of the Latin Empire upheld for centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political ? feebleness ; while the sturdy vigoV of the Lutheran Teuton has wbnrfor Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in- the Vatican ; but an open Bible and a free Church are domiciled in Ita'y 3 ? ?' : .i ; '-' And are we to be told that there is no hope for the faith or morals of ' Christendom because we refuse to accept as infallible the authoritative decisions of the Roman Pontiff ? Ratherlet us listen to the witness borne by the dkiiDgir'nlied Father Hyacinthe to the fa-al influence of that regimen. ?? The fall of France he has traced to the * oppressive and corrupted forms in which Christianity has; been clothed' by it. This is the cause, he continues, ' why ? she is forced to remain without religion, and consequently without a constraining morality, between Ultrambntanisin and Infidelity.9 The remedy, he points out, is 'ihe 'Sacred Volume open to the^TK-orld 'to: enlighten and _ fertilise it.' _ * Why,' he asks, ''Is it shut up in the obscurity of the dead -languages, and under the seal of the most severe Drobibitions ? The breaA nf doctrinn anH -rtf life, which -God has prepared for the 'little ones' as for the learned, how has it been with drawn from them? 'It is in' vain to:Vurge as a pretext the abuses of : heresy and unbelief. Place the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent exegesis, and neither will -isxve any cause to fear the other. *J Place it in its own true relation to the people by ai religious education -worthy of it and of them, and. it will become the surest guide of the life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship.' These are noble words, and point out the gain to ' Italy and the world -by the fall of the temporal Papacy; for what believer in God's inspired Word can doubt of the^eventual triumph of religion over infidelity :; or morality over sensualism? 'Nor is the prospect of reunion among the scattered branches of the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by the removal -of the Pope's secular power. The language above cited of the en lightened monk, Protestant as it is, in behalf of the free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical re form, and ' liberty of prophesying,1 still is con sistent with the war.-n feelings sad .sympathies of the Catholic churchmen. He is notone who would ' rend the seamless coat ' of the Redeemer, though he refuses .to base the Church's fonity on the assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff. Against that dogma he has entered his unalter able protest. Bis is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a unity of absolute subjection. - 'A similar view has been presented to us by a thoughtful Essayist (Dr. Irons) in a late work, entitled The Church and the Agei' Speaking of the Visible Church of Christ in time future, he writes on this wise:— 'The spiritual polity, begun by the Holy Ghost 18 centuries ago, increasing from age to age by: means of Divine gifts, and by the change of the human character through the -conscience of .tbie. individual — that 'moral society' aiming to spread itself in aU nations, and to extend a vpluntary government of its own for the nniiy of its creed, and of its members, must, in order. to dp its work in. the world./' by raising the. moral standard of mankind.' recognise its own realitv and unity as ' an organic whole ;' freed on tiie one hand from Sacerdotal tyranny, and on the other unfettered by Erastian Government. - Diatinc-, indeed, from the Governments of: this world) it will nevertheless facilitate their. work, by acting in its corporate capacity on individual consciences. 'The powers that be' of human society operate on the external life of man; the Church penetrates; the inner- sane- tusry of the soul, and by bringing men under law to Christ makes them subject to. human tews for conscience sake.' ,: 'Primitive Church.— The Primitive Church, . One Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated. rather than revolutionised the pagan world, and taught men in the ' brotherhood of Christ' to, love each other. The primitive Christiana had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and. Father of alL They formed one body, as there WAb-in them one Spirit. Thgyrhad one, hope; of their calling, and with one miad and one, mouth they glorified God .wherever t they as-, sembled themselves together. The assumption, of Supremacy by the See of 'Rome destroyed' this unity. The dogma' of infallibility tends not to restore, but to render it impossible. ' Divested, however, of secular power, the Papacy can no longer repress enquiry, nor enforce the separation of its subjects from the other branches of the Orthodox Church. Hence forth the respective positions of the Papist and the Catholic Churchm&n; will bo clearly defined. They will stand out as distinctly as 'does the Protestant now, who evolves from Scripture oh his own private judgment his faith and worship, owning no allegiance to the mind or usages, the creeds or liturgies of Catholic antiquity for the interpretation of the written Word of God ; nor relying on the external witness of the primitive Church in its corporate existence to the genuine ness and inspiration of the Scriptures them selves. Papism, Ohurchmanship, .Individualism are the several forms into which religious belief and -practice will now crystallise. Which of these will be most influential in restoring unity to Christendom may be easily conceived.' -Yet different and even opposed as they are to visible unity, Christianity, nevertheless, in its various forms witnesses for righteousness and peace and spiritual truth. It pleads the interests of man's immortal soul against the sensualism of a posi tive philosophy. If- unable to prevent war, it mitigates and -soothes its horrors. It has banished in England the practice of duelling in private society, and it lifts up its voice against the conflict of nations. It has abolished man-stealing and slavery. It recognises the brotherhood of mankind by sending its peace ful missions to th« heathen and the savage. If, then, Sectarianism, with its narrow interests aud petty jealousies, could be merged in the wider sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but the permanent unity of a world-wide Church,. Scriptural 'in doctrine and apostolic in order, ' -vast indeed would ise thepower of * the kingdom not of this world.? The separation of the tem poral -from the spiritual authority in Rome will have' done something towards the accomplish ment of such an ideal. 'Church, of England and its Relations to other Bodies of Christians.— But, it may be asked, what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation -of independent national Churches? In reply, I may say that during the last century our own communion has been gradually developing this system, in the United States, in Canada, in the West Indies, in Africa, in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last of all in Ireland. Churches independent on the State, having the same standards of doctrine, the same .Liturgy in substance and almost in form, . the : same principles of eccle siastical order, discipline, .and law, are in full communion with each other in the bonds of the GospeL .They -are all voluntary associations, self-governed and self -sustained. Of late, also, the ancient friendly relations between the orthodox Greek: Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril Lucarj Patriarch of Constantinople,: sect in 1628 the Alexandrine. manuscript of the! Bible to our Charles £, such friendly inter-: course has been re.-estabiished by the inter-; change of Pastoral : Letters between the present Patriarch and the Archbishop pf Canterbury ; still more by . the welcome, social and ecclesias tical, given to the Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenoa by .the Heads of the Church on his late visit to;England. j . -.?,..? : w '-Church 'of &eland.r-;$ince the beginning of the present year; ike Church of Ireland has entered, upon this; fr'.e career, and, notwith standing the baneful, influence in times past of political r corruption, ; -fifee -has . shown herself capable -of freedom and -self-government. A more missionary spirit in defence, and inculca tion of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected,' follow^ on. -such; freedom from the trammels of Ejstablislune&t.; From, these ex amples we see how possible it is.4:oriree and; independent National Churches to be.one in the; Catholic faith and Apostolic order, as well as in full communion with «ach other, .ministering at; each other's -altars,- aadlf88 one brotherhood, doing the .work of the nainistry. It needs, not the authority :of, a Supreme P-onidff deeming1 himself infallibte to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of JSrastian. go vernmenti-; ._ «:.? ..:-; . -? \; . :/.. ' ; :??-.?; f Historic Basis of the.Ghurch. — In the, his-! teric basis ©f the Church of -Christ, 'the faith once delivered to jthe saints,' *the form of sound words,' the threefold jApostolic Ministry transmitting to future! generations the genuiae writings of Apostles and; evangelists ; in the specific trade marks so to speak, of Catholic doctrine .— ' '^antiquity,' : ;V.uuiversality,' and f consent' (' quod ? semper -quod jibiqus quod ab omnibus'), we have a sufficient guide ,in search ing the Scriptures for all that, is necessary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are the Voice of God speaking tp the indi vidual conscience ; and against the Church so foniit up on the true-Rock, which is Christ, the gates of hell-shall not prevail. ; . : : 'The Cathb'ip Church.'^— .Oae great con federacy, confessing one Lord, ha-sing one faith, one baptism, one eucharist, one ministry, one Spirit governing and sanctifying the whole body of Christ, the -3hurches:of d.fferent countries and languages may freely do their vwprk of ex tending the -Kingdom of Christ, and aiding each other by interdependence snd sympathy under the Chief Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship -.is : not .required; uuity of faith and order, of inind alid.spirit, is indispensable. r.r' Reunion of, Protestants. — Here; the ques tion arises, should not such union, first be sought among ,thoset: Protestant bodies which,, orthodox in faith, have separated from the na tional Establishment on yarious questions; such, for example, as 'connection with the Sta^e,9 ' the triple order of the ministry,' 'Episcopacy, itself,' * theSacrameatsandSaoramental grace,1 c Peelo baptism,' 'Liturgical forms,' an,d other matters. To those, who' hold these institutions or ar rangements rto be of purely human authority it may seem almost a duty for the_ sake of peace and unity to .ignore or compromise their existence. 'But such is. not the mind or leach ing of the Church of England in her formularies and services. ? ?''....' 'The Vfaible ;Ob.urch.— The visible Church, with its appointed ministry, sacraments, form of sound words, and inspired Scriptures, are of divine appointment. The Apostles, acting under plenary inspiration xtf the Holy Ghost, fulfilled in these institutions the instructions received from our Lord himself. .-' He was seen of them 40 days, and speakiog of the things pertaining to the Kingdom of God.' — Acts L 3. , In faith fulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not tamper with ? or ignore such Apostolic ordi nances. While we hold this faith we must act consistently with it, and. bear with patience ail taunts -of arrogance and intolerance, pro vided we are conscious to ourselves that we are acting not out of Cjiiitntion, but in faith and dutifulness to Ghrist% Jfot in a self-seeking spirit, then, bnt in the interest of evangelical truth, the clergy of the Church of England feel themselves as s. Ibdy constrained to stand on the historic: basis of the Church of the iAppstolic age. To. abandon-. it would only weaken the evidence 'for the. Ganon of. Scrip ture, upon which religion and morals depend. ** Binney Corresondence. — ^In 1858 I discussed this question with the Rev. T, Binney (I trust in a friendly spirit), and pointed .out certain conditions on which alone I conceived the Church of England could give the right hand of fellow ship to; orthodox' 'Protestant ministers, and admit them1. to. minister her. services and occupy her pulpits. .; I see jio. reason to; depart from the convictions then expressed ; but, on the other hand, much, remains to be donebefore they can be expected to desire such ^communion, or even take ''into consideration its feasibility. Leaving this ^contingency to the 'future,' I ha*! with pleasure the removal of any blemish in the Churchof . England itself which is calculated to perpetuate alienation, aad.to keep able and pious men from the, ;minis$ry; of. our Church. ' Establishment'; is no -necessity for a Church's being or well-being. It has ceased in Ireland, in Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. 'Anglican -3hurck; in Australia Free. — The Church of England Jin this colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical concerns by its own Synod. It is a voluntary -Church. .The lay members*^ enjoy their proper influence in the patronage, maoagemefit of funds, and affairs of their -own congregations. , Parochial vestries are independent-of each other.: ; Very many of the objections urged by the Puritans at the Savoy Conference, April 15, 1661, Lhave been gradually removed. -The declaration of subscription has been altered, the repetitions in the Service, un frequency of Communions, uBe.of Apocrypha, the Selection -of Lessons, have been amended. The Authorised version of the Scriptures is. in course of revision. These changes, together with the decisions! of the Privy Council on several points, as wellas the recommendations -of- the Ritual Commission, will go a long way in removing things which heretofore hwe given offence. When nothing shall be left but . what is agreeable to the SFord of God or the practice of the Primitive Church, ' all will have been done that can be done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.' : . ' The Episcopate.— Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out in the Canons of ^1603-4, aided, as it is, by the Pwsbyteryj. both in the exercise of discipline and the examination and ordination of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. ' Happy, , then, in her scriptural creed, primitive' liturgy, apostolic order, and comely ritual, the Church ot England is so situated as to offer a basis of Dnion. available for many. Churches -now: drifting ? from their ancient moorings. She may open wide the arms of comprehensive sympathy while standing stead fastly upon the 'old ways.'- Far from repudiat ing all, fellowship .with orthodox Protestant ministers, she has gladly welcomed of late ' several of distinction to, her Orders. She has further invited the cooperation of others, being learned men, in the sacred work of re vising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The seeds of future reunion are thus being plentifully sown. In the interim we must be content to hold each other in sincere respect and Christian regard, each being fully per suaded in his own mind, and waiting until the area of controversy is reduced to a vanishing point. . . , ' Privy Council. — I have alluded above to the subject of Ritual, and to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council upon -various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them are too recent, aud at this moment are the. subject of so much angry dispute, that tI forbear to .enter on. them, until time has been given for a fair consideration of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remarks on the nature and mode of proceeding of this Tribunal may not be out. of place. The Church of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the Crown ' over all persons in aU causes.'' As the guardian of property held in trust for National worship; established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those trusts are diily carried out. Hence ecclesi: astical questions must needs come before the Supreme Court of Appeal.: Under the Mosaic revelation, the, Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High Priest and his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Paul was not ashamed to appeal unto Caesar. Nor has any clergyman of our Church an; ground of complaint, if 'the powers that be' examine whether he fulfils or contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily undertook at Or dination. * The Judicial Committee does not presume -to make the law or doctrine of the Church. On the ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only -open to Legislative bias when that meaning is doubtful and obscure. In such cases lithe writings Of leading Divines of the Church itself in times past have been appealed to, and guided the decision— generally in favor of liberty and toleration. /'Case of Hebberfc v. Purchas.— It is.to be re gretted, perhaps, that in the late judgment in the case of Mr. Purchas, the decision has re stricted and narrowed, rather than tolerated or widened, the liberty of the minister as to the' position in which he officiates. The view of the rubric taken 'by myself j.in -my judgment regard ing the ministrations of St. Paul's, Port Ade laide, has hesn entirely upheld; but. I attach little importance to such, matters. I agree with Dr. Goulburn, Dean, of Norwich, that .place, position,- or vestment of minister: cannot really affect i eucharistic doctrine. Compliance, then, with the law as defined is a Christian duty.; In the present instance it involves no sacrifice of truth. .The ' Rubric ? before it was judicially in terpreted was manifestly doubtful and obscure, and therefore taught nothing clearly. :' Objections to the Judicial Committeo. — Objection is sometimes vehemently made to the remarks or reasonings introductory of the jadg mtnfc recommended to Her Majesty. It should be remembered that such remarks or ex pressions form . «o tpart of it. They may be offensive, but bind no one to accept them. They; form ho portion of the law of the Church. ' There is, however, a loctrinal view of the Eucharist: underlying these minute points of Ritualism which even the Archdeacon of: Taunton himself has condemned as ' being anj undue approximation to Rome.' It is tho local and material presence of the glori fied Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiatioh and Consubstantiation arc both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of ? our Church. Yet spiritually to .'feed on Him by faith with thanks giving,' and that byT means . of the conse crated bread aud wine, which are ' effecfcuons ' to the faithful recipient, bo that ' he dwells in Ghrist' and Christ in him j' 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him ;' this is plainly taught, in the Communion Office. Here is a presenca spiritual and heavenly, not local and material, but of omnipresent Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither the place where the -officia- ting master stands or kneels, nor the position in- which he celebrates, nor. the vestment he wears. - 'General Results.— It may be well, then, here to summarise the judicial results of that Ritual agitation which has gone on daring the last few years, and the change?, both in the external and internal condition of the Church of England which have taken place. Many of us are scarcely aware of the alterations, and' few of other bodies of Christians care to be apprised of them. The Colonial branches, then, of that Church are formally declared to be un&sta.; Wished. The Irish Church has been disesta blished. Tithes have been long since commuted for a money payment. Church rotes have ceased as regards 'Nonconformists. With regard to the Liturgy, its various services may be used separately. Objections to length of them and repetition, in them are thus obviated. A new and improved table of Lessons has been pre pared. A revision of the Authorised Version is set on foot ; Eucharistic Ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. The damnatory clauses of the so-called Creed of Athanasius have been advisedly restricted to denial of the Catholic or Chris tian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hym nology introduced, parents are admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, in sufficient endowments augmen ed, stipends of curates supplemented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of candidates for holy orders required, parochial schools multiplied, and the pupils instructed in defi nite religious truth, aa well as secular learning. : ' So many reforms gradually and almost silently brought about are not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. The scruples of many good men have thus been re lieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect ia the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine, will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to jthe removal of whatever can be proved to be contrary to Scripture or primitive usage. What else need be taken away ? ' For the sake of the truth of the Gospel, for the possibility of ultimate intercommunion cf the Churches now separated from each other, our Church, nevertheless, must not abandon her historic foundation as a scion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. To restore it to thai primitive character was the object of our Reformers ; and now she is a ' beacon light to many minds in Spain, and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to be members of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. . A Church, then, like our own, resting its claim to authority in matters of faith on Scripture, interpreted, - not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of universal anti quity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy suck a want. ' It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Ckurcli both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready .weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment the absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But let it be remembered that the strongest ex ternal evidence for the genuineness of the Scriptures is weakened in proportion as the cor porate existence of the Primitive aud Apostolic Church is made light of. ''Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable ? as are its iucohesive particles, becomes a solid foundation when bound together by enclosing walls.' 