TOESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1871. -:-u ? THE magnitude of some of the questions taken up by the Chamber of Commerce at their monthly meeting yesterday, and the practical importance of them all, naturally awaken the wish that those members of the Chamber who seem to occupy the position of bleeping partners in the concern, and some of the energetic and well-infjrmcd mercan tilo meo outside the Chamber, would devote more con- sideration to such topics, and to the other questions that come properly within tho scope of a body of the kind. The intelligence and sooial position of those who constitute the Chamber, and of those who' might fairly be oxpected to join it, would seoure to them-if they wero only found ready to take into consideration all matters largely affecting the iuterests of commerce, and to fol- low up earnestly the decisions at which they arrived thereupon-a substantial and legiti- mate influence. But how can their influence be powerful and salutary, as long as only s-rven members, including the chairman, can ho got together, when the Chamber meets to deal with such matters as the working of the Stamp Act, the administration of tho Customs Law, tho steam postal-services via Torres' Straits and San Francisco, and tho necessity of constructing a now dock in* Port Jackson of lar' ^ dimensions than thc Fitzroy Dock at "Katoo Island, in order to save this harbour from being reduce o a secondary rank as a naval station ? With respect to tho first of the topics men- tioned, it must appear strange to those who arc not familiar with the vagaries of legisla- tion, that ambiguities should be left on tho face of an Aot of Parliament, whioh make it a rratter of doubt in the mercantile com- munity, whether receipts for bills of lading require to be stamped as well as the bills of lading themselves. But as it is only a short I time since a ruling was made in the District j Court, based on tho supposition that a person sued for a penalty for omitting to ilamp a receipt is in the position of a prisor ?>* charged with a misdemeanour, and therefore precluded from giving evidsnce in his own defence,-a supposition that was completely effaced by a decision of the Supreme Court,-it is, perhaps, not to be wondered at, that the merchants of the city should bo at loss to know certainly whether the receipts /or bills of lading should be stamped or not. The Chamber of Commerce have done well in resolving to take steps to have this matter oleared up ; so that all who are con- cerned in the shipment of croods may know what the law requires in this respeot. But it is a reflection on the mode of legislation, that such proceedings should be necessary in order to guard against an unwitting infringement of the law. The same remark applies, to some extent, to tho subject of the Customs regula tions. It may be said that .stamp duties and Customs laws are matters which have always been found liable to unforseen complications But the difficulties and inconveniences experienced in carrying them out ought to be regarded by those who are engaged in tho work of legislation as a practical lesson on the necessity of socking all possible simplicity and perspicuity. The views of tho Chamber as to the-pro- posed steam postal-route by way of Torres' Straits, as we have previously had oceasion to rqmark, are sound in themselves, but not lilcoly to be found practicable at present. The day will come, when there will bo regular steam communication between the colonies of Eastern Australia and India, by way of Torres' Straits ; and the gradual inorcase of our commercial relations with that country is preparing, by sure steps, for the accomplish- ment of this end. With regard to the routo by San Franoisoo, there is no doubt that the hopes of thc Chamber will be realized. Tho last subject discussed by tho Chamber is ono both new and important. They have brought under the consideration of the Government and of the public the fact that the pre-eminence so long enjoyed by Port Jackson, as a naval station, where alone in Australian waters vessels of largo size can be docked and repaired, is about to pass away, unless an adequate effort be made to maintain that position. Tnoy have compared the dimensions of the Alfred Dock, now in course of construction in Port Phillip, with those of the Fitzroy Dook ; and find a great difference in favour of the former. At low tide, the Fitzroy Dook has no water, tho Alfred Dock 22 feet ; at high water,-the tides in Port Phillip being much more restricted by the separation of that large inlet from the sea than in Port Jackson, tho Alfred Dock has 27, the Fitzroy Dock 21 feet of water. The area of the first is 415 feet by 97 ; that of the latter 320 feet by 80. The fact of tho Government of Victoria having undertaken to construct a dock surpassing that recently made here, at great expense, would be no Bufficientjreason for undertaking to con- struct another. It would be ridiculous and un- warrantable extravagance to make tho empty triumph of having the largest dock on the coast of Australia tho motive for immense expense The way to permanent prosperity and power is forsaken, whenever those who doterminc the course of public polioy make economy subordinate to boastful and envious emulation But this is not merely a quostion of show. It is said that the Fitzroy Dock is not extensive enough to accommodate the largest vessels that aro likely . to visit these waters It is worth while to go to a good deal of expense to insuro tho possibility of accommo" datinsr in Port Jackson any vessels that are likely to enter this harbour. But there are' several important questions of faot and probability to bo answered, before j it can bo assumed that considerations of the public interest would warrant *,be undertaking of such'a work OB the construction of a now and moro extensive dock. Are there any among tho vessels likely to come to theso por s so much larger than H. M. S Galatea, that the Fitzroy Pock would be insufficient to receive them ? If so, is it probable that the visit of a vessel of suoh a size would be an occurrence sufficiently frequent to make the expenditure involved in tho construction of n new dock j reproductive ? Then, is it likely, from the experience of thu Inst few year*, that the progress of shipbuilding will take the direction of mr.king l-irger and l*rger vessels for purposes of war and com- merça ? There are, at all events, some grounds for a eostrary opinion-for the expec- tation that imprhvejucnrs in naval architec- ture will tend to thc construction of vessels more easily accommodated in the same space. If it *urns out, upon iuqniry, thnt tho p rene ot dock is inadequate for tim accommodation of such V'Ssels as may reasonably be expected to visit this coast not unfrequently ¡ it may he a sound economy to make more ample provision, even though it would involve large expenditure. Tho policy of maintaining the advantage1) which thc natural superiority of Port Jackson over all other harbours in this part of the world has given to the city of Sydney, stands on very differont footing from the' proposition that bas found favour in the eyes of some of our politicians for contending with Melbourne, by means of railway extension, for the trade of the southern river-districts. In tho latter case the course recommended is a futile contest against the inevitable result of the geogra- phical features of the country ;-in the former it is only sought to make the best usc, for the purpose of securing the foremost place as a harbour for the repair of vessels, of those means which nature has conferred upon us. There can be no objection to tho examination of tho question which the Chamber of Com- merce resolved to submit to the Government ; though at present, wo cannot seo any definite reasons in support of their recommendation. STDNET INFIRMARY.-Report for tho week ending 21st August. 1S71 .--Admitted : 23 males. 'J females ; total, 32. Discharged : 13 inalci, 12 females ; total, 25\. Died : 4 males, 1 female ; total. 5. Remaining in house : 150 males, 72 females ; total, 222. J u-.serin tiona, &c;, received: 1,30 Ss. NEW MISINO CoiirANT.-A preliminnry meeting, which had been convened at tho instance of Mr. ll. Phillips, assembled lost night at tho residence of that gentleman, Normanby House, Church-hill, with a viow of considering tho expediency of floating a rinvr com- pany to work the rcof at Golden Gully, nc.ir na'vkcr'a Hill, Tambaroora, It was proposed that L1000 should be raised in L10 shares (limited), and that tho company should bo styled tho Groat Northern extended. Tho ground to be worked is bounded by tho Rand of Hopo Company's land. Ultimately, a largo number of Bliarcs having been, provisionally, accepted, tho meeting waa adjourned until the leoso, icc , is forwarded from Tam- baroora. SHORTHORN BOLLS.-Two pure shorthorn bulls, Rosolia and Oxford Eden, have arrived from Lindon in the La Hogue, consigned to Messrs. Cowlishaw, Brothers. The following aro their pedigrees : Rosolio ii a rioh roan, calved July 25th, 1SG9, at Gray's Hall, Essex, by Duke of Grafton (21594), und took the first prize in his class on the ouly occasion ho was shown ; his dam was (R030 Water) by Comedian (15789) ; g d (Rosalie) by Victor (1540S) : gr g d (Itnop berry) by Buccaneer (1121S) ; gr gr g d (Ruby) by Red Rover (11982) ; gr gr cr g d (Sprightly) by Sir I*aac (9045) ; gr gr gr gr g d (Superb) by Victory (55GG) ; gr gr gr gr gr g d (Splendid) by Matchcm 3rd (4-120) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr g d (Superb) by Young Eryholmc (l'JSl) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Wellington (2825) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Alfred (23) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by AVindsor (09S) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Cupid (177) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr>gr g d by Barker's Bull of Layton (53). The Duke of Grafton (21594) was by Duke of Geneva (19G14) ; dam (Duchess 1st) by Master Rembrandt (16545) ; g d (Duchess Nanny) by Jasper (11C09) ; gr g d (Duchess Nancy) by 2nd Duke of Oxford (904(1) ; gr gr g d (Mettle) by 2nd Duke of Northumborland (3G4G) ; gr gr gr g d by Belvertore (1700) ; gr gr gr gr g d Son of 2nd Hubback (2683), from a cow of Mr. Bates's. Oxford Eden, red and whito, was calved at same place, on 17th December, 18G8, and is by 12th Duke of Ox- ford (19G33). Dam (Flower of Eden) by Abbot of Knowlemerc (19183) ., g d (Blanche of Aldborough) by Harlequin (1802G) ; gr g d (Orphan) by Lord Itaglan (13246) ; gr gr, g d (Maid of Aln 2nd) by Crusado (7938) ; gr gr gr g d (Maid of Aln) by Regent (2517) ; gr gr gr gr g d (Edith) by Borderer (3191) ; gr gr gr gr gr g d (Eclipse) by Eclipso (1919) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Togston (5487) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Bolingbroke (318-1) ; gr gr gr gr-gr gr gr gr g d by Son of Midas (435) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Turin, brothor to Ben (GOO). 12th Duko of Oxford (19633), bred by tho Duko of Dovonsliiro, HolkerHall, by Grand Duke of AVothcrby (17997); dam (Oxford 15th) by 4th Uuko of York (10167) ; p d (Oxford 6th) by 2nd Duko of Northumberland (IKJiG) : gr gd (Oxford 2nd) by Short Tail (2621); gr gr gd (Matchem cow) by Matohem (2281) ; gr gr gr g d by Young AVynyard (2859). The hulls have arrived at an opportune time, as » largo number of graziers will bo able to inspect them, without tho expense of incurring a Bpccial journey for that purpose. A well contested rifle-match between fifteen mon of No. 2 Company S.B V.R., anda lilrfj number of the Par- ramatta Company, took placo nt tho Parramatta Ri Ho Range on Saturday, the 19ch inst. The firing win at 200, 500, and GOO yards. The Sydney men were victorious by thirteen points. Tho following aro tho scores : No. 2 COMPANY S.B.V.K. PAKRAMATTA COMPAKV. Total. Total. Colour-sergeant Grant .. 4 V Ensign Smith .. .. 3U Prlvato Douglass .. ill) Private M'Donald, sen sn Cnsign Cm-enough ... 30 Hussey ... .. sn Coiporal Tinsley .. 35 Major Brown .. .. 33 Prlvato A. fil'Crea .. 34 Lieutenant Groonup .. ¡13 8\. Defries... 83 Sergeant Howard ' .. SI J. Baylis .. .. 32 Hon. mom. C. Byrnes .. 2!) H. Douglass .. 20 > 'Dougal . 20 Glennlo ... .. 23 Prlvato Malin? ... 2(5 Allerton .. ..27 AV. Mooro... ... 25 J. Kingston .. 22 Hon. mern. Hellyer ... 24 T. Donald... .. 21 Private Coates ... 21 Bead .. ..19 AV*. Hltchlo .. 21 Baxter .. .. 10 A. Adinna . .. 18 Corporal Anderson .. 12 Corporal Barnett .. 17 Total... ..«0 Total... ..~417 BDKGLAKT AT ORANGE.-On Saturday morning last it waa discovered that tho shop ocoupied by Mr. Bridges aB a fruit storo and fancy depot had been bur- glariously entered during the previous night, and pro- perty to the value of about L35 abstracted. The promises aro securely locked and fastened at night,' but no person sleeps there. Access was obtained in a. vcrj/ bold and ingenious manner. The building is of galvan- ized iron and weatherboards, with a brick chimney afc the back. Immediately contiguous to thc chimney the back door is situated. Having apparently tried this door with a chisel, ineffectually, the thieves adopted another device, and taking the bricks ono by ono from a corner of tho chimney, made a holo sufficiently largo to admit the arm. Tho key, which was unfortunately loft in tho door, was then reached and turned, and undisputed entrance obtained. Amongst tho proceeds of tho robbery was a caso of tobacco and one of meer- schaum pipes, tho latter invoiced at L10. Tho tobacco caso was found in tho quarry near the cricket field, but no clue to tho lost property or tho deprodators h:tu yet been obtained. GitüSHED TO DEATH rn A CATHEDRAL CLOCK.-The bell-ringer in tho cathedral of Wurtzburg hos perished under very singular, circumstances. Tho church possesses a splendid clock, with ponderous and compli- cated works, whilo a pendulum of proportionate length vibratos to nnd fro with a dull and monotonous thud. Recently tho clock needed cleaning, nnd tho ringer was deputed to superintend tho work, though he ruefully endeavoured to be excused from tho task. It seemed that ho nover willingly approached tho belfry from certain unpleasant associations. About twenty years ago ho killed his predecessor in oQice, accusing him of carrying on a criminal intrigue with bis wife. When brought to trial ho escaped the gallows owing to a deficionoy of legal proof. The patronngo of ono of tho canons than procured him tho appointment vacant by tho death of his victim. Hence, it is said, arose his superstitious dread in connection with tho belfry, which was supposed by many to bo haunted by tho ghost of "tho murdered ringer. On the morning when tho clock was to bo cleaned it sud- denly stopped, and tho bell-ringer was nowhero lobe found. A workman from tho town was sent for, nnd ascended tho tower, when ho was horrified to lind tho pendulum nnd lower works dripping with blood. Upon Bsarohing further tho body of tho boll-ringer was found entangled in the works frightfully mangled nml crushed. Ono supposition is that ho committed suicido by climb- ing tip tba pendulum nnd then pitching himself into the machinery of the clock. But tho wonder-loving gossips of tho placo, with a thoroughly German propensity for . the horrible, declaro that tho guilty man, upon roach- ing tho gloomy chamber wherein tho works rovolved, was horror-strikon by tho apparition of his predecessor sitting aside tho great balance-whcol of the clock and had then been drawn into the works by a species of horrible fascination similar to that which tho rattle- snake is said to exorcise over its prey. There sat tho apcatre, rubbing his gory hands with hideous glee as tho victim wus slowly drawn in among tho cog-wheels and ratchets of tho machinery. An agonizing yell, a crush of bones and all waa still ! Such, according to tho Italie, is the newest legend of the belfry of "Wurtzburg, 