GERMANY. DECLARATION OF THE PARISH PRIESTS OF MUNICH IN ANSWER TO DR. BOLLINGER. The nine parish priests of the City of Munich have addressed a public declaration to tbeir parishioners, in answer to the public assertion of Dr. Dollinger that " thousands of the clergy think as I do, and are unable to accept the new dogma of infallibility, and that no one believes in it." The declaration is as follows:— " We had no occasion, nor was it in any way our duty, to make known to Dr. Dollinger what we thought concerning the decree of the Council. But an accusation so offensive to the clergy having been made, we protest before pur parishioners against the suggestion that we were of the number of. those men who hold the new Articles of Faith to be untenable; also we protest against the assertion that no one believes in this dogma." • Here follows a brief explanation of the reasons for their faith in tne decrees which have emanated from the Vatican Council. They then proceed:— " In things appertaining to faith and morals we defer to the authority neither of a man of letters, nor .of any order whatever; our sole and supreme authority is the Church, a power of Divine institution. Where the Pope and the . Bishops are, there is the Church. So soon as the Catholic Episcopate, united to the Supreme Head ofthe Church, whether dis; persed or assembled in council, declares itself; deciding with authority questions of faith or moralB, we know that this definition is arrived At under the guidance of the spirit of truth, and by the aid of the Divine Pounder of the Church, and that as soon as such & definition has heen brought in any manner to the knowledge; j6f Catholic Christians it must be unhesitatingly accepted as a dogma divinely revealed. Mor6- over, it iB not lawful m thTwv " ' and morals 'to uphold a faCT 01 «Ht a long series of inventions and 7 6 introduced into the Church bvvlll ^ the suppression of true doctrine.'* 404 topossible for a lie to be defined aR = • s »it. dogma of the Faith by a General P "f?^ fieS by the Pope. Dr DoS r bvT^ ^ oath which he has twice made is hLI j solaBtt cept and interpret not otherwise than! 40 ac " dance with the unanimous coS ^ Fathers.' But this oath, vhRKfJ* have taken, contains in the same narL T"* following words:-'I likevn^e Scripture according to the sense \ 5% MotherChurch (to whom tWi e l/f judging of the true sense and mJLL 7f f Writ) has always held and still holi r ly knowledge the Holy Catholic AnoLi. ^ Roman Church as the Mother and X 8111 all the Churches. I promise and sZTL° f obedience to the Bishop of Rome, them™ e of S. Peter, the Prince of the Apo st]L ^ P le Vicar of Jesus Christ.' ' aad the \- " We ^main faithful to this oath in tirety. The perils which are alleged wJ <a " the political and social relations of tht^T' on account of the Infallibility of the P ^ not exist; they are simply bugbear. V 0 the State as well as the ChQrch is bLi? Divine institution, it is not possible tw y thing should be prescribed by the jl,??!' Head of the Church, guided by tk in Ghost, to which the SUte would be give its consent. If the Infallibility 0ffe Pope be dangerous to the State E > course, must be the Infallibility' j\k Church, wliich has always existed f„ £ "To speak of the unlimited absolutism or 6' the sovereign will of the Pope, appears to m singularly strange, inasmuch as the Malli® fallibility of the J Church—hence nt b tb u S r e 11111118 comes 38 the ^ & m servation among men of the Divine revelatiT whole and incorrupt, and of the moral W The very decree which is now the sabject of I tack speaks only of the decisions of doctrines concerning faith or morals, and that this fern —morals—means only principles adopted br the free exercise of the will in a manner plcaj. ng to God, and excludes every external means of coercing the will, we are so persuaded that we await m tranquillity from Bome the antiioriative interpretation which we desire mi which will be given. Hence we are bound to believe firmly in the decree of the Council hitherto promulgated as Catholic Christians as Catholic priests, and as Catholic citizens. 'As Catholic Christians, because Christ has comanded ns to hear the Church; as Catholic priests, because it is our duty not to set our parishioners an example of disobedience; as- Catholic citizens, because we are convinced that the dogmatical definition of Papal Infalli- bility cannot in any way bring us and the Catholic people into antagonism with our civil duties. Fidelity to the King, obedience to the law, and observance of the constitutional law of the State, is our oath as citizens, which we hold as not less sacred and inviolable than the oath . which we have taken to the Bishop cf Rome. " That the doctrine of Papal Infallibility brought about the ruin of the old German Empire, and will plant (as Dr. Dollinger says) the germs of an incurable cancer in the womb of the new Empire, is a denunciation fit and proper for certain designs. Professor D. von. Bollinger, once our most famous master in history, has, until of late, expressed quite a different opinion as to the cause of the fall of the ancient German Empire; and we are more than ersuaded that the new German Empire would Eist unto the end of time if it had no other enemy than the Pope. "If to-day Dr. Dollinger teaches differently, and takeB up against the Catholic Ciiurch aitl a position as to be a cause of jubilation to every, enemy of the Church and of positive Christimtr, such act fills us with grief the more profound, since we owe to him who was our teacher a debt of filial piety, and this filial piety wvnll push to the extreme limits of the possible. One only thing we desire, that this crisis may ^ turn to his own loss, and to the ruin of many others. . This is the public declaration which weare bound, both on our ownareuuui,•— ofall theclergy, to make this declaration in lace of the grave accusations made by Dr. Dollinger. The reverend clergy of Munich, of Bavaria, ot the whole of Germany, may now judge if w have acted in accordance with their feelings. Dr. Anton Westermayer, R. Cons. Par« Nicholas Weber, Cons. Par., of the tatnedral. Joseph Sullinger, Cons. Arciv. Par. P. Elan Maoerhoffer, Vic. Par. Joseph Pfaffenbergeb, Par. P. M. Sattleb, Vic. Par. Georg. Walser, Par. Maximilian Reger, Par. Frederick Rock, R. Cons. Paroco. " Munich, April 13." ' THE BISHOP OP ROTTENBCRG. . . His Lordship has addressed to the clergy 0 his diocese an explanation ofthe reasons tui induced him to record his Non-placet to t« doctrine of Papal'Infallibility. We would receive with respect the words of so J®™* 1 . Prelate; and, in point of disposition, there > nothing to offend the most sensitive, w w document two things strike the re»d«» once-—ibe spirit ofsubmission with whicn Bishop Jetracte, and the strength of the « • riction that led him to Vote Non-placft. » to from an ajpologyijChigTreeded for a sincere confessioniof disagreement,' the highest Ib due to those who sanctify their con 60 ,®!! bysnbmissibni Mgr. flefele has only m' wMt other learned and courageous difismw 3nne before bim; and'we turn from such 1 b a . Te . o« T)r Dollinger to these worthy suc- P neS /nf the Apostles, with a feeling of reffSa ewn -of delight, for which, we are Merely grateful- PKOTESTANT ON DK. DOLLINGEB. rJwell-known Protestant Schuselkawrites . £Tournal La Reforms .—«' Now that a 1 0 1r; 6 : n(r fIToritv majority of ot a legitimately constituted consutuieu ^uncil has determined the Dogma of Infall* it is idle to oppose to it a private \- founded upon (fluctuating) science. Tho Professor argues (says the writer) as his private ideas upon what Ae conto be science were immutable laws , for T^es of the Church; and sets up himself • iudee an institution which he acknowefced hadthe right to judge him. Now it is Iwrmifted to every one to quit the Catholic Fhurcb • hut to desire to remain in the rlolic' Church while requiring her to contan her doctrinal teachings to the behests of «ch individual, is to require that which would not be practicable in any condition of society. Obedience is the first principle of Catholicism. It is by obedience that we recognise those who L really and essentially Catholics; it. is by (hii principle that they are expected to regulate their conduct. He who does not obey "the ureeepts and decrees of the Catholic Church, L only should, but must, abandon her." Tiese sensible remarks are worth the perusal of writers in our leading journals, who can only appreciate the duty of obedience when the command is flattering to their vanity. ,VHAI GERMANY IS DOING FOB THE EXTENSION OF THE CHUECH. At this moment, when the question of what maybe expected of Germany in furthering the interests of the Church is so much en- „ a„j nn- public attention, the ' following statistics, received from a friend in Germany, hav a special interest:— "The States of Wisconsin and Minnesota had in 1844 only some very few priests, and a couple of miserable wooden churches. Now they li»ve4 bishoprics, 2,520 priests, 510 churches, 218 missionary-stations, and several monastic institutions. To these the various German Sees have furnished 749 priests. "Nevertheless," our correspondent continues, "rtile the Church in Germany is doing this, it iilittle w hich is to be expected from the State Biimarck has always been the hidden friend of ike Sect, by whose activity it is the South, was driTen into alliance with the North, without ifliicli combination PrusBia had never succeeded against Franee. Thus it was that was constituted the German mock Empire, which is intended as i mere stepping-stone towards the great univerjs] Socialistic Republic. It was obviously an easier work to look forward to," to dispose of a angle Emperor than thirty-three minor Sovelcigns. The Italian Revolution has been conducted on precisely the same principle ; first, tlecry was the unification of the country; now," % clamour for the Universal Republic. They are trying the same game in Paris, though they may not perhaps succeed at this moment. In Eoumania, Spain, and everywhere, you see the same plan developing itself. Even England iB not without those who more or less openly are woiking to the same end. In Germany monster meetings are being beld for expressing sympathy with the Commune of Paris. " In spile of this menacing evil, all our Governments are coquetting, nay, favouring most essentially, their own mortal enemies! They have abolished the Divine rule of conduct from tbeir constitutions, and God has blinded to them the precipice on the edge of which they are standing. " The Emperor William has always entertained Conservative tendencies. When the M e of Ratibon (brother of Cardinal Hohenlolie) and Baron Schorlemer, Deputies of the Congregation of the Knights of Malta, had an audience on the 8th February, at Versailles, he undertook to have an understanding with the other Sovereigns for a diplomatic intervention in favour o toe Pope as snon as the war was at an end. But Bismarck, while knowing better than himself to go counter to the views of his Imperial master, lot s passage inserted into the Address of the Diet of the Empire to the Sovereign on the 30th March, by his intimate friend the Jew Laskar, to the effect that ' it was the unanimous desire of Germany that intervention in the affairs/of other nations, under what pretext or form soever, might be abolished for ever as a fundamental principle of the Empire.' The Address to the Throne with this in it was passed by 243 to 63. By this secret play Bismarck managed;: »ea true escamoteur, to throw an almost insuperable difficulty in the way of the King, following «e dictates of his better feelings. "If you observe the debates.of the Imperial wet of Berlin you will perceive a regular battue everything Catholic; Whatever a Catholic ttay propose, demand, or say, it is immediately bothered by a majority of 330 odd against 58, ibis latter number was near being smaller still, wr erery machination was tried to prevent the election of some of our best men ;,and in this, wo, BiBmarck '.was the hidden bellows- blower, out they were most fortunately foiled in many fiaces; and thus we still have by far the ma- JWity m intellect and even in Parliamentary. 