EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. FIFTY Baptist ministers quartered dining tho annual conference hold in Chicago nt tno University, on Cottage Giov6 avoiiue, wera thia morning thrown into a terriblo state of excitement. To understand tho situation, it is to bo known that tho committoo of reception, in order to accommodate tho nearly 1500.delegates expected, were driven to every expe- dient to próvido for their entortainoient. Among tho other wayB and means adopted, sumo forty or fifty ol the reverend strangers wore consignod to tho hospitality of the University. Tho boarding depart- ment of this institution ia under the care of tho Kev. W. W. Smith and his efiriont wife, who being good Baptists themselves, felt only too happy to minister to tho comfort of half a hundred miniotors-but where to deposit them of nights waa a grave and difficult question. Tho matter was mastered, how- ever, by Mrs. Smith, with her well-known onergy, who ordered tho largo chapel in tho upper part of the building to bo cleared out, and, despatching mes- sengers hither and thither after buds, bedding, towels, chairs, Sec., soon transformed tho appearance of tho room into that of a country tavern in fair-timo. Fifty beds wero mado on tho floor, and five n ghts passed by and tho brethron were happy. Lust evening, at a somewhat late hour, tliey returned to their quarters and prepared to retiro /or the night little dreaming of the calamity overhanging thom. Tho night passed. It waa about half-past 4 thia morning that an " early bird" begun to think about the worms. Half asleep he felt about in tho accustomed place for his panta ; thoy woro gono ; hia vest and coat wero also missing Nothing waa to be found. The unhappy, cunfusod man sits up in bcd and ia puzzled to know what has happened to him. Haa ho been robbed ? Has anybody beon murdered ? Gradually theao thoughts passed through his mind and flashed upon him. 1 hon ho looked around. Whero ure Brother B's clothes ?-gone !-Brother T's big boots ?-gone I \- Whero aro all the pieces of clothing usuully adorning tho chairs and tables about the room!-gone -gone-not a vestige romnining. Tho frightened Minister with screams of alarm, shouting " Bob hers! Teoivea! Burglars !' sprang from hia bcd and s on the whole fifty wero made awaro of tho doloful situation. Tho sceno that followed beggars descrip- tion-indeed, forbids details. The fifty unclothed rushed hither and thither in tho excitement of tho moment, vainly seeking something thoy could not find. Considerable amount of money, railroad, tickets, watches and valuables woro gone, und con- sternation diro Rut upon overy brow. Ono could not but h ive pitied thoso distressed brethron, und yet not to have laughed at their embarrassment would have been impossiblo. It was ludicrous in tho extreme. A singlo white garment WUB tho ontiro of their individual attire, with ii vory few exceptions. lt, looked liko a lot of ghosts holding u grand carnival in tho curly dawn Hero" there could havo been seen a preacher with one boot on-only thut and nothing-more. Another rushing around, dress as nbovo-montioned, with tho addition of a taU black hat, and como only tho addition of u necktie. | Homo wrapped a sheet about thom und strodo solemnly up and down tho room, adding greatly to tho ghostly, ghastly and ridiculous appearance of | the scene. " How shall wo over got homo f" saya ono. j " Ob, dear mo, what will my wife say when she hears about this ?" gaya another. I Ia the raeanttmo tho startling nowa of thia sacra, ligioua burglary had spread tlrough the Wading and professors, students and portera hurried into help to sympathize and devise ways and means for dressing up the unfortunates. AU were in despair. J?ifty auits of clothing, with pants long enough and vests big enough for that number o£ ministers codi hardly be found in a moment. At this instant a discovory was announced. A.^ of clerical cut garments had been found in th&Uni-; versity Chapel - a number of boots undor the stain. Light Blowly dawned upon tho troubled Bouls-ft WUB a collego trick. The room had been entered in tno night by aomo mischievous students, who ltd played tho practical joke upon tho reverend gratis, mon. When the nows was made known and ü¡¡ prospect of recovering their lost property,-of ye! being able to go forth clothed and in their riga' garment, such a shout of laughter went up as nete fifty Baptist ministers shouted beforo. A grand stampedo was now made for all parto c tho building, and a thorough inquisition made ft boots, hats, couts, pants, ¿c. The ladies boardii in tho building prudently rotirod to their rooms. For an hour undressed and half-dressed ministe could ho seen exploring every nook and corn where it wn3 possible for an old ahoo to havo bs secreted. Tho soarch was in tho main success! and when our roportcr left everything lost, hui simple coat, had been rocovored. No rnorwy, watch, or other valuables had been disturbed, i tho dressed fifty woro onco moro happy;-s York Gazette, Juno 17. 