MANDURANG ELECTION. To the Editor of th&Jiendwo; Advertiser). Sir,—For some days past the columns of the local press have teemed with vague in-'; timations of Opposition to tlio return of our present members at tho ensuing general elec tion; and the names of certain Quixotic gen tlemen, who siro not unwilling to become the recipients of L"00 per annum,—paid monthly —have been displayed before the eyes of the reading1 public of Mandurang. : Now, sir, " What chance is there of any of the gentle men wliose names have been mentioned sup planting either of our present members; and would any advantage accrue to the country by any such change." Mr. Thompson-Moore is a gentleman who would, no doubt, com mand a largo measure of support'in his own district, and a tolerabio number of votes in other districts, but lie would do ho more. His chance would, on the whole, be,inferior to Mr. M'Intyre's at the last contested elec tion, and there is a very, grave doubt if lie would consent to contest Mandurang at the present time. 'As to Mr. R. Richards, most people look upon the mention of his name as a ponderous sort of a joke, and cannot bolieve in our bulky Mining Board chairman aspiring to anything higher than his present distin guished position, unless it be the magic letters of J.P. tacked to his name.. -Mi\ Horwood, though a man of " metal" would not Have a ghost of a chance. I do not for one moment attempt to depreciate either of the probable candidates in public estimation, but merely to oxpress my firm belief 011 the result of a contest for Mandurang if any of the above named gentlemen opposed our present mem bers. . l am 110 blind admirer of our present members, but I consider that from his con stant and earnest advocacy of our local wants; from his uniform promptness and courtesy in attending to any communication from even the poorest of his constituents—apart from his undoubted ability as a member,' and also as a Minister of the Crown—that Mr. Ciisey's position in Mandurang is impreg nable. Mr. Sullivan has many sins to answer for, especially- his notorious disregard of letters either from public bodies or private individuals. Many of his warmest friends regret that he has shown such'indifference to public matters when brought under his notice in this manner. Again the teetotal portion of the electors have ail.opinion that he is altogether opposed to their peculiar views in regard to the liquor traffic, and will most cer tainly record their votes against him if they get the chance, unless lie can explain matters to tlieir satisfaction—110 easy task. The maiii fold blunders and engineering incompetency in connection with the Ooliban " Scheme";— appropriate word—have to a great extent been fathered upon Mr. Sullivan, and there is 110 denying that, to a great extent, he 1111131 be held responsible for them. But if Mr. Sullivan deserves condemnation for his official acts in this matter, suroly it i3 not for Mandurang. to cast a stone at him. I feel persuaded that lie is capable of placing himself'in aj favorable light before his constituents in j this matter if lie chooses to clo so—and in justice to himself lie ought to do so. The Whole series of M'Cnlloch Ministries are responsible to Parliament—and to Parlia ment only—for the errors anil blunders of the Waterworks, and it is both unjust and ungrateful for a section of the electors of Mandurang to attempt an opposition to an old and worthy representative 011 any such grounds. I fear that the threatened opposi tion to Messrs. Sullivan and Casey is merely a malicious 0110—merely to put them to expense—and that the prime movers are thoroughly aware that they will only succeed in annoying them, not in unseating either of them. Such a course is. more than un worthy—it is despicable—and for tho credit of the district should at once be repudiated by tho great bulk of the electors. New men will promise anything and profeS3. any tiling; tho old soldiers who have fought, won, and lost, a series' of political and Parliamentary battles, are moro cautious in promising, but far more trustworthy in performance; they know that 110 legislation is possible except by a system of mutual concession, a. system which red-hot enthusiasts—men with 0110 idea, men who possess abundauce of zeal accompanied with a corresponding deficiency of knowledge—cannot, and will notrecogniso and brand as an abandonment of principlo. So strongly do I feel 011 this subject that I should gladly see a movement initiated by j tho leading supporters of Mossrs, Sullivan and Casey to return .thorn free of expense, and hopo the more influential electors in the various parts of our large and scattered con stituency will consider the propriety of call ing a meeting, say in Sandhurst, to carry tills suggestion into effect. Such a course would be alike honorablo to constituents aiul representatives. . I am sir, vour obedient servant, 9th January, 1871. MANDU-RANG. 