ss -S33«»si w»«ry u&sai.;'* - - This (which is a good illustration of the danger of tellina giiost stories to persons whose natures are unfitted to' bear much excitement or hear Isles of horror) is the title of a paper in Bclqravia for February. The story teller is a Major Gordon and tho listeners are a family of friends, one of lliem bt-'inc a voung lady, Charlotte Masterto'i called 'Charley' familiarly by her family. Major Gordon and his party nro in a drawing room by moonlight— thero being no candles — aud under the influence of the hour and the surrounding associations he tells his sensation ghost story, but with hor.-ifcle result3 which be little dreamt of : — The room we were in had a large bow window at one end Close to this window, but rather in shadow, so that only the outline of his figure was visible, pat Mijor Gordon ; near him, on a lew cha'r, was Margaret Master on ; and Charley was on the floor at her feet, with her' hand' clasped on her ststei's knee and bar eyesgszing out into the moonlight ; apparency fascinated by the weirtl shadow-;. The re3t of the party v/ere scattered in other parts of the darkened room. ' It is at least ten years ago (began Major Gordon), that I was taking u walking tour through the northern part of Sutherlaridsbirc-. It is a curious part of tbe country for fcuch an expedition, I can hardly say why I ohose ii — perhaps from it.K eeittfl almost the only spot in my native land I knew literally nothing of* I had been shooting woodcock with some fellows in tho Hebrides, ind u very jolly party we made. When our sport was over, nil all went east together. At Stour I left thein, starting on my own hook, in spite of much chaff at my chosin« such a country, and at suoh u timo — tho end of November — for a tour. I suppoio none of you have been in Sutherland-hire ; it is just about tho wildest and most desolate pluae you can imagine ; tbe wild grand sreoery that impresses one with admiration mingled with a sense of one's own' iusignificance. As I walked day after day through immense tracks ol moorland, bardly ever meeting a human bjinij, a foi ling of loneliness and utter desolation — a sort of hopelessness of ? ver iigair. arriving at civilisation — came over me, and [ resolved, that as it was my firs1, so it should be my last to Sutiierlundshire. I must tell you there were hardly any inns I generally slept at farm houses. Tho peoplo were hospitable, though primitive, and my welcome vi, x- geneially oordial. I went on in this way for a week, when, feeling I had had quite enough of it, I started ono morning from my sleeping quarters, intending to walk some twenty miles to j a '.own on tbe coast, whence a oojcIi went monthly to Inverness. I missed my way ; for, as night began to close, I found my road -topjed by a ninnll nvci, with in means ol oros ing it. I followed the banks for perhaps three mi'n. At iast I saw a light ; on nearer approucii I found it oa me from a considerable sized house. Though now inhabited by af farmer, it had evidently st-t n better days; thore were romuins of handsome gates ; part of the original house had t een pulled down, pu t converted iuto farm buil'iings One winu remained peifect, aud towards a door iu the centre of this I directed my steps. After much knocking, the do-.r was opened by a servant cirl, who stared when I naked if I could have n bed for tho niglu ; aud saying she would ask ' the master,' shut tbe door. When the master came — a rattier stupid though pleasant looking man — he seemed doubtlu!, wi-s afraid they bad uo loom for strangers, but would ece; I might come iu and have u rest am) a bit of supper, if I pleased. Nothing loth, I followed him into a comfortable kitchon, whero h S wife Wdb bu-y preparing tho meal ; aud in a few minutes we sat down to enjoy it — myself, tbe farmer, his wife, the girl who had come to the door, and an old woman, deaf, aud seemingly half wittcd — tho farmei'a mother, as I found alterwaids. ~ After supper I asked about my bed. Th.'re ' ' - ? $ arose a d fli;u ty. The wife said-tiiore was no room.' I sugge-tted, ' Tho kitchen would do,' She said 'Tho m i'.atr si -p tnsro.' I'asked, Was there another bou^t) near?' Siio said, ?'Not for six mile.-i.' At list the former whispered something to hi« iviie Sue exclaimed, '?For hoavon's sa'ko dint put the gentlemen there!' I asked' Whore ?' And the man explained: There were two rooms they hod never used ; there wore queer noises in cliem — lie believed they were haunted ; bu: perhaps one of tbem teight be better than the big barn, the only alte native ? I said, ' '.'ert-'im-y.: I would face tbo ghos'.s.' Anil, in spite of tlie eurneat entronties of the ifc, so it\\...u ss'tled. I wont with the fanner to inspect tho rooms, and chose the smaller of the two. T':cro was po furniture in either, but the farming men brought I in three benches ; we placed them si le by sido I spread some blankets on them, and my bed was I ready. A glorious fire w is ma io ep. and, in spite of ghosts, I congratulated mystlf on my quarters. On r turning to tho kitchen for my knapsack, the moment I appeared, tbe old woman ran towards me — I bad no idea anything s i bent and crooked had suoh pace in hor — and flinging iiersell on oei knees before mo, prayed me, ' For God's sake, do not sleep in that accursed room 1'' I iuis rather startled me; but 1 thought her out of her mind, so tried to sooth her, assuring her nothing was li Kely to happen; I was sute thore wa3 nothing iu tho rooms, and wondeied iheydidnot use them. She only grew more earnest, sobbing and rockiug herself backwards and forwards, crying, ' f slmild bo dead before morning 1 She knew I should 1 It was just the saaie before. Her wonU soemod strange, but she looked a poor demented creature; so finding my-soothin-! quite iiiFffectual, I cut the matter short by t-k'ng my bag and leaving the kitchon. I wished the furiner go id night outside tuy door, and was alone. The hot kitchen, after the long cold walk, had made me drowsy. Before munv minutes I was in bed and asleep. How long I slept, I know not. Something, 1 can hardly tell what, awoke me. The fire hud burnt low, stili there was sufficient iiuht t.o see there was no ono in tne room save myself ; but thoie was an icj chill crept over me, a consciousness ot beiug alooo posio-sed me. I sat up und stated a'ound. There was nothing. Still the feeling ? ? 1 .1 ? 1,. T'l.n.,.^ .. ? another, deeper, louder, rn^.rer — and a hand, i oo'd like a crpse's, was laid on my shoulder I started round ; every particle of blood froze in my veins, for I saw — v At his moment Mijor Gordon uttered a loud piercing shriek. It was a trick. Tiie whole story had been nonsense! He only did it to Irighten u : but — the effect was terrible. His shriek was bardly done when, almo.st joined to it, we beard a most fearful cry, a long agonising scream You cm never realize what it was like. I shall never forges it. It seemed really like a spirit being torn out of its body. Another, louder still, bu' slopping suddenly — riot as it were ended, but hrnktn off in the middle — and Charley Masterton's head fell heavily on her 6isters knee. -Everyone started up. Major Gardon said, ' Who screamed ? You're none of you j fr ghtened, ore you ? Margaret laid her hand on Charley's head, saying, \ . , . ' My darling, what is the matter ? Didn't you know that it was only Alan's , noiisenso f I k»ew his voice directly 1' Then, as she grew frightened at the silenoe, '0, Charley I what ia it? Do'Bpeak!' | Bat . there was no answer. George sprang across the room. 'Sue has fainted. Bring alight. Someone get a candle, or anything.' lie lifted her up; lights were brought ;and she was laid on tho sofa; bat still she neither moved nor spoke. George kept repeating, 'Siio has only fainted, she has only fainted.'' But I saw how his whole frame shook, and his lace became deadly pule ; and u dreadful fear came over mo that she would never speak again. Abs, alas, it was so 1 C hurley Masterton was dead ; had died of sheer fright 1 She lay there wi-h an awful terror fixed on hor faco We oil btood around for so e seconds, too i.we etrickm io do anythiug. Tne liosAPARTBs in France. — Was ever misfortune of a nation comparatsle to the inordi niie hUccss- of Napoleon Bonaparte? The E'opire lull, and was succeeded by tho nnti revolution .Reaction in every direotion led up to the event of July, 1230, a political movement, as natural and neceswry as the resistance ol England to tiie arbitrary proceedings of James II. But even then the true direction was not recovered. Tho ho called representative govern ment of the now and popular monarchy en-m d its own deeheaoce, The representation was tipon so n irrow a basis, that tho opinions and wishes of the country were at times in direct oppo-iti'-n to t ose of the delegates And it was the singular ill luck of tho neck i.oiitioal boilj that i's chief person, L uis Philippe, while laudably devoted to the preservation of peace was so entirely co vincod that peaon c uibi be pscserved o-ily ly his own cleverness, that ho transloimed, with no tyrannical intentions what had been not a popular, but a tolerable bourgeoia government into a government which was virtually personal. Tho Monarchy was succeeded by a Republic animated bv noble fee inj« and Jdeas, but eneounteiiiii» at once a most d fliculi problem, to tho solution of which tho times were unequal — how to realise in the politioat and social system t: e sentiment of fraternity, and how to embidy it forthwith in institutions. Then the Chtiroh ngaio working death to the Rev-luiion appetite tho monstr. us spectaclo of a French Republic wantonly deBtfoying a Republic of Rome, and suppor'ino upon bayonets of revo u'ionaries tho most deorepid and worthless monarchy of Europe. And then, Nemoais The perjury and violenco of Louis Bonaparte, tbo banishment of the genius and couscieuce of France, and the sterile splendour of tho Second Empire.— Contemporary Review. Death op Fi«ioo:i.— This o debraie.i „ 5. di'-d on Thursday, the 15th inst., ut Woodsto* I lie was in his usual health until S.intla, ,i I 10th, when ho 'refused his food. Ho'ib ' t gradually lost tno power of his limbs, and, aft! £ lingering a few days, expired without a 8trL|0 | 1 Fishook was perhaps the greatest horse ' r bred in the Siuthern hemisphere, Tbe Birb ' 1 even ,-xeepte.l i Jo was got by ' Fisher, 1°' I of Marchioness, by Melbourne out of Cini^iit t (daui ol the MirquisJ hy Touchstone- Asa i year old he prow,| the host of his year, „„-] J. I winning the Champion Cnp and Ltw I LiU'iees'on, and -he St. Loger at FlcmbJ 1 he achieved the famous tiehle victory at Rani| ? ! 1 ty carryina off the Sydney St. L»ger, Gold Cup and Queen's Guineas, the first of these even!' being the never to he forgotten cut throat st,n„ | between him and T-e Batb. Afte-this fo„] T was suspected, as lie faded away to a mc skeleton, and a],!mu,h he puf in an appe,™ at Randwick in the Gold Cup a year afterward, ho ratired from the turf, and was parchnaed bv his present owner, Mr Hun'er, of Woodstock (J a huge sun. In appearance, Fisltoolc was , irrantl hei--, and his ever memorabla race' »jn The Barb proved him to be 'the gamest of th. game, lie never quite recovered the sudden illness that came over him ; and altbou^ |le hoeti most carefully nursed by O.issirly jjr i Hun ter's stud groom, his game spirit and pov/erlul i frame hi hut sucoumbed to some internal mak.lv 1 wlroh has deli -d the skill pf the most experienced 1 ve'-erinai iatis in tho colony. This season I,, I ooverof 31 of Mr Hunter's best mares, nnd »0 i ar- happy to say 28 of them are in foa| — 1 lasian 3 ?Livr Stock in- the United Kingdox- I Tiie Adelaide Observer quotes the following I faors from tie recently published agricultural statistics for tho Utiitvd Kingdom for tlio year 1870 :-0u tho 25 June' 1870, there wereabntit 2 580 000, horaes uf which 2,050,000 beloved to Great Britain, and 530,000 to Ireland. Ofoittle there were 9 235 OOO.of which 5.403.000 were in Great Britain, and 3,796,000, in Ireland. Of 1 sheep there wee 32 78(5,000, Great B-ilsin 1 contributing 2S, 397,000, and Ireland 4.333000,^ 1 Of nig-, i xelusivo ol thoje kept in towus tpdby'i cottagors having less thau a quarter of ai- acta b ofland, the number was 3,05 0,000, the Irish 1 quota being .1,459,000, and that of the sister i Kio»dom 2 1/1,000. Of the aggregate of borsei H Woo, o 15 were employed in agriculture and by i raurkt-t gardeners, and 301,194 were kept for 1 breeding purposes' In both kiagdoms there has If been durinn the year a material increase in the If number of cattle. £ . Modern' Japan.— Within the last ten years j§ the whole social end political fabric vf the State K has been revolutionised. The present descendant \'M of a race of faineant sovereigns, sleeping and ? B dreaming away their weary existence among ''H thoir wives and concubines, never stirrinn from . ? the precincts of his palace prison under vigilant E ouard of successive usurping Tycoons, baa been r B roused from1 the lethargy of ages. lie now not'® only reigns, but governs a nation of thirty ' K millions of willing and devoted subjects. Tha ® Tycoon, hia former jailor, is depnscd and ' banished, and the nobles of the realm bare gathered round- tbe Mikado to guard the throne, rtailroads and telegraphic lines io tliut short ' ; time have- 'been iutroduced. Strantjer atill, ' Japanese sorip is quoted on the stock exchange! in Europe — ami at 98 to 100 — a rate which many' of the oldest European States may envy, A mint from London has been set to work, and B the notes for a Daner currency are now DrenarM ffi in Frankfort with all modern improvements A K penny postage stamp and a postal service are also * preparing, to take the place of two naked mntiers B and a pajer bag. Medical schools have beta established, and with anatomical classes,— tlio 'j| yresteat achievement ol all perhaps. Ironclad K; steamers ride at anchor Huder their own flag R where not a score of years ago an American squadron took tho nation by surprise. An army K of European drilled native-, armed with the best K breech loaders. baB been orgauised, and arsenals l| for casting cannon are in operation. Sach area R 'few of the obanges which place Japan in tbe K foremost rank of Eastern nations, distinguished W: before oil others by its capacity for progress and B power of assimilating the ideas and the best K fruits of Western civilisation. — Spectator. || How to Stop Bleeding —It is said that p bleeding from a wound on man or beast may b® H| ??topped by the mixture of wheat fl ur and common K Holt, in equal parts, bound on .with olotb. Iftbs |K bleeding be profuse, U8e a largo quantity, use Iron B one to throe pints. It may be left on for honri( tt even days, is necessary. Tbe person who gsw K us tbp receipt saya in this manner he saved lbs life of a horse whioh was bleeding from a wounded artery ; t e bleeding ceased in five minutes ofM tbe application. A wife who bad been lecturing her buBbmJ for coming home intoxicated, became incensed Hi his indiff-rence, and exclaimed, ' Oh, that I could ?viing tears of anguish from your eyes.' To , whioh the hardened wretoh hicouppod, 'Toi— 'tai — 'taint no use, old woman, to bo— bo— bort for water here 1' A Sprinfield lady loft her Utile boy at home to amuse himself with matches, and when she roturned met him in tbo Btreet crying. H® ssl be had ou'y made a little fire in the bute'1 drawer, and a lot of red shirted men * gr-nt bij lea kettle came and squirted water & over tho^iouie Thev saved tbe cellar door. Huniiin f air, weighing 22,0001b., wos import' K into Greui Biituin in h» yea r 1868, representing Bp the clip of ahout 45,000 womsu of Belgium, p Fnnce, and Germany* A drunken man, sprawling on the Cr0UDj[° K Patterson, 'ho o'her nighi, anxiously WI|D'?.. h| know whether ' anybody else h; d been ttracK y g that earthquak'.' _ K tJi int ed'and l'uhr Bhed by the i ro|oietots7AM^ [I Campbell and Josbimi Habt, at ' p . .:,,. K warra Mercury," General Letter Press Printing Uftico, coinui ot tho Markot-«q.m'o, Wolloag»»l K Hluwurra, on Tuesday. July 4th, 1871. IK 