Teds fablhof the old man and' his- ass-must be remembered.. The moral intended to.be' -conveyed byj it; that if : you;- try1 to"iplease' e v erybo dyy .ou7ple as e none, is to; the last- extent. true.;:, The present Government, in the fatter jof -Hthe '.projected railways, ip.. exactly in,iiherposition of the old man, while;" ; fortunately for ' "our simile, -the - rail way,- in futuro , represents :the Aonkey. It is, per- - . haps, .nothing; hut'haturalfthat every locality .- ; sKoidd-assertytright'to Have the benefit of direct iteamrcommunicAtion. Geese wjll call, themselyesu'swans cto the tend of the world; and as we have -noMisssMitfords now-ra-daya l in Australia fo depict the Arcadian simplici'- tie's of-" Ouf:Tillage,"; we insist upon the Tan tastie; right; to call places " Cities," Munit" cipalities,"70r' wiat: youlplease. "Mr. Squeeri, asserted witUa logical correctness incapable ' ofl conlntoversipn; tiiat i'-a man may call his " house an- island,., if h.e likes ; there is no Act of Parliamentlto prevent that." So may "the statisticians "of -the districts put on paper what-r-they- choose, and1 the Government surveyors and engiheers make involuted cal culations enough to superinduce a species :of mania' still the-'facts remain"1 the- samej and the paramount benefit in evei-g way of tlie "Blue" line inust be apparent tof-all -but" those who -haver." constituencieslUto-.please and be frie'ndly.vwith. It would be idle to 'go"over" the'"6ld""giduhd'""again,'" buTTf "the" iate Sir Robert -Peel'.smft-Tpiterated "anxiom "befrue iihai theFesr6f legislation is that whicfi affords the greatest good to the largest-,%umbers, of;i pers'dns, then- we "shall "have the" " blue" 'linb: The'' proposition that it-; should stop , at -Maryhor ough savours iihmeiisely" bf the 'peculiar 'idiosyncracy of that 'favoured little town. Stop there, of course, hut' go; theTe jby all; means. ; W ell we- wouldTratlver ha-ve a Maxyborougli termi nus an nothing ; hut if the work has to be doneLnnd : the . money voted for the purpose has to be expended, we should, in common with : the ' industrious > and? thriving inhabi-- \ tants'of the 1 corn5 and wobl'-gro wing5 distriots' of the 'oouiitry from" Av.bca' td!Alrarat;' %e ' £iad to be informed why "their ihtbrest'- is hot to be reghrdedT; It! has been- admitted that V ' J - ."v. J 2 - i.'.- i..' .Lxiy v : , v SX; .u ' the signatures to the memorial which eraa- ! nated -frohnthe j cohferenee; at JIaldonjwere inumerous, with reference to th® Avoca dis trict iu particular, than those from any other quarter.' '.The-. integrity of those who had -the:collection-of .these signatures cannotr fotfa moment' be .questioned; and, what is of cansequence, "the people" knew what" they were signingj -which is not very afteu the case with "petitions...- If itcomesto.au "enquiry," which wev suppose' will be the result after the. ".Barnacle", fashion, -.there'-ie- but; little- doubt iwhich .way the line will, « go.- r. What' has to < be guarded- against is 1 the> danger of misrepresentation from other quarters. Facts rAndrfigures 'are puzzling things', and are often made use of so as to mislead, as did those ... .,> j . ... .. w . Y . . of 'the Alderman; in Dickens's "Chimes.'' Fortunately, we have in the -Members for' Avoca and Cropland's men pho .will not be bamboozled exactly, and upon, them we iiave, perforce, greatly to depend. There is a, view of the question which we fancy has hot been considered witiJEthey importance it- deserves. Most of the arguments used have referred to the, past and preseut — the statis tics necessarily so — but the great weight of the proposit ions . in - favour of the "'blue" line lies in what maybe expected in the future. The many and great advantages of i-ailway communication through a fertile country, increasing in almost daily develop ment, cannot be stated in thesis. The very fact of such communication will bring abort projects of industry not hitherto "dreamt of iu our philosophy and with means of communication, as it were, at our doors, im pulses will be strengthened and that sjirit of enterprise fostered which is the vital essence of commercial prosperity. Centra lisation has been the" curse of France, a? must be apparent to the.most tepid reasoned and we may venture to assume that had if #not been for such men as Cobden, Bright, "Yilliers, 'and Milner Gibson, aided by the genius of the inventors, such as Stephenson, Peel, Arkwright, and Brindley of old, Eng . land wpuld have i.sujfefed ;frpmv the same cause. The Lancashire of 1830 was as a baby to "the "Lancashire ofrthe:present; day, and why ? Because of -Jthe increased; faoili- 7 ties for carryings new_.ente.rpnaes.Jnto new . "places7We once knew an old man, well to -do-in-EnglandfwhoTived-within three miles ()f a r8dlhy3terlninu8, who took a pridA in sayipg He'had never seen a steam engine or railway, and, " please God ! he wasn't. -going to now." He died; in> the-, belief.' that ; all railways were invaders of pnvileges, and xthat aH'foBeignerSf-were jFrenchmen;" .but; had' -iniud lhahav mop,1 ahdwaP 'ieiaps aH the happier. Buttouchg pTp. ffbluby line,rwe may be permitted rFtor' adL ohe mowDrh1?)?1 warning?, f And ' would saw that nofhe well-signed petition ..has gonjB down and 'A'len-pfOTeutD'e,! matter imust 7, JUliafi'j.il f> wu-'nui: not be allbwe9.ito; stpp 'ther: f k rm Id, -f>o a " 'Tis notjn -mortals lo command succe"""- But we'lLdo inqreSeinpronius, we'll deserve it."; So, while others fa?' aw ay ardTbietU work ing for iheir own endsrDwe, must beijiphand doing. 7. Little gentle gabbles don't do now-r a-daysc We musttfollow upswhat has really bdeh well begun, and at aR dventsmust try to_sncceedy:and in doing so shoiildadopt tfie1 motto "of one ofothei aCutest politibiktis ' wrho evi 'lidyS' ' Agi taleagitate, agitalbi" ; ' You.cannot thro wf much dirt, bursome of it-is sure to stick, 'Lsaith tlfe jproverb, /arid durfng the last' few days we have felt the realization of it. r In the crUicism. of the performance of the " Darkies of""Damascus on Monday? evening Iast our. M ary borough jcou temporary'./ has gone somewhat out- of its.way, and has; perhaps slightly in fringed jhe spirit of true journalism by parading-: a matter of prices between Mr R. Bryant and the -, proprietor of. this journal; \V e certainly should not have taken the'troubler to notice the matterj hadiit1 riot'- been for what." is said in th ex-Advertiser, based as ;it. must be upon gross'and wilful-' misstatements. I he difference in prices is stated to have caused thet difference of Inother kind. The proprie tor 'oF this journal 'is said to have deemed himself badly treated., | He; thinks so" still,? arid that the plausible pretext, I of economyf has been made the , cloak for a. little idoiible dealing. Peoplewill quote, the adage '"'Two' )of a trade," i&c.;, and welcome, but it is just as welh ! that the facts-should be known, and tithe;" saving -J of. expense" displayed in its reality. Th.ejfacfe are j these In reply to- Mr Bryant an offer vwas made ito print , twoj hundred double-demy posters for ).£47s Qdi Subsequently Mr Bryant said he could sget them'-.'done foy'S.Os, when. the , Mail, proprietor offered to print them for 20s a hundred, .believing \- ' r : t 1 : ' - 0 \that it wi&'intendcd to. send the - workjelsewhere, ibut the reply was that it was theif too late-as the better had been sent away. " The" mail did riot; 'leave till an hour" after " The charge_for printing and advertising the last performance was :£4.--This" "time it -will amount, to £3-ffs, withti-200 less cards," 100 less programmes, and-' an advertisement much' less in size than the previous one \ Besides which, ' the advertisement c: was ; countermanded V'. v.. 7 -jr V by -;the manager ' one issue before the entertain ment1 took 'place; because as we suppose,;- that- worthyjfhad discovered his mistake in: time to -rectify it in some measure by " robbing 'Petef'to pay "Paul."" The sum of 10s 6d was thus saved in advertising alone, which added to the above sum as a negative gain, would amount to £3 19s 6tl, exclusive of/postage, carriage of parcels, ;&c.; which added would' prove a positive loss in getting the work done out of Avoca.? -These remarksand \- . \ i - ' A y „ v 7 v our reticence regarding the performance do not extend to the .members of the,,Darkie. Troupe, be ing confined to their amiable and unselfish manager; who gets a commission from the M . and 'D. \ Ad vertiser., He was to send, to Talbot and Marybo rough to ascertain prices. \That answer was received from" 'Talbot' ; or "was any inquiry' ever made there ? Our contemporary talks about a poster twice . the size for-half the money; /The offer from this office was to print, posters the same size >at the prices named. The prate about economy ,'is simply rub bish, and the statements are also simply untrue. Any one with common comprehension' cari see how the. land lies ? Nothing has been gait\ed "hy.the move'except injt)ife".ty of _ trade conrnriissicmHrita1 . one pocket. This, too explains t ne raeaning of i a'> remark made by the said " manager" about a iribrith ' ago,;TOi the« effect that the next printing for the"; Darkies should be done away from Avoca, aJ this before a word was said about prices. But of. course there is no harm in keeping an eye to busi_ ness, even if a person is entrusted with the expendi ture of money raised for charitable purposes! We, however, wash our hands of the whole affair as worth no further consideration, and, while we are really glad the entertainment itself was so successful, see? no reason for the slightest regret in the course we. have chosen to pursue. ' ' ' : V" j Avoca has'had a visit from a'reH live iibrifwhcK has excited the wonder arid curiosity of tihejit'veriiie7 port ion of out inhabitants. ; The? proprietor show is a remarkably civil and well fa formed man,., and the " king of the forest'\ himself -i is a vfine v 'u\ V ' .MVV. V- \ specimen of his order, with a' good . sagacious face, more indicative of the, .ruminant than- the carnivor ous- propensity .which he undoubtedly i possesses. .A - few " unconsidered trifles" such as shins of beef with a Fair allowance of meat and sinew are speedily an! literally polished off with all speed, and then a huge paw is laid on the bone with a look of the noli me tangcre meaning. Quadrupedal lions are scarce; among us, and a sight of this fellow ;is cer tainly wortli-the money. . - We are unable to give a report of the enter tainment given by the "Darkies of Damascus," on Monday ev -ning, because of the omission of the usual complimentary , ticket to; the , -Press. I' he 'matter of the ticket itself" is' nothing; biit the abseuce of the compliment is everything, as all who understand the freemasonry of the Press will know. , - . The hundredth anniversary of Sir Walter Scott's birthday has come arid gone, Melbourne had its procession and the laying of the foundation stone of St. Andrew's College ; Bendigo, Ballarat and Geelong held high carnival, as did Clunesand other places, while Avoca was conspicuous by the absence of any demonstration whatever— except dullness. It is not often we have to chronicle such a slice of good luck as the following, the particulars of wluchihave been -furnished by our Redbank corres pondent As a hard working lad named Harry Taylor, aged 14, was searching for gold a few days ago in a claim near Victoria Gully, a few miles north of Redbank, after many months of fruitless toil he was munificently . rewarded by the unearthing of a splendid nugget of gold, weighing upwards of iour pounds, and valued at i>200.. Much satisfac- jmn. was felt by his neighbours atrhis'good fortune, as for several months past want of success appeared to accompany the most diligent endeavours "both of 'himself and of his father. We trust this nugget may be the precursor of a golden haivest to the "bard ylffiberF of Victoria "Gully;" ' " . - \- T he Government Gazette, of Friday -lasty notifies that Messrs Charles Bailey, and WUliain Trevena have been appointed trustees of the'-land set 'apart on The 8th of Mkrch, 1858 for racing and public, recreation purposes, at : A voc". v , \Ve are.informed that onfe of the first acts of Mr Grant on resuming - the "difeptmiUdf " Bie , Lands Department was. to remridy a serioUs omission from the Regulations to the Land Act 1869. Up withiutaj£ew, days ago selectors have been/ abIe\\.to take-up ground jWithut.giVjingtbpligh test'otice of Iheir Intentions, and thereb,yf;as it wereX"- steal a Uiil,UUiJl!p''n8!v t ,, march t upon those whose. ..vested interests would < >':V i v|rithem B right, to, oppose theiapplications. An'instruction.has.now been issued by; the Minis biit'v;ns i. .< 'y ,y .ter oflLands by which, in futufey all applications 1 are to be published in the WaLpapers (the.same as thatof l 865). propriety of. this step dqes.nqtadniit of questibnyand in the interests: not only of t he Land -Depaflment, but also of.selectors, it will prove raost/b.eneficial. TS? ; — ' By advertisement in another colurnh ifwillybe .seen, that a Local: Land Board vvill.be -3 held at the Court House, Avoca, onl.:Wednesday;jiexty to con sider applications under the Land Act/ Applicants rand objectors are required, to attend/jn person if po3sible, orsend some person/qualified to give the necessary information, y 7--7 y ? j 7 V;The Mutual IraprovebfienLSocietyJield another "very successful meetingyon; Wednesday" evening last. 7. 'After the Helay occasioned by. the balloting in of some thirteen -new members, Mr Miers gave his ess'ay:on " Woman, her influence' and power.' Ao may be imagined, The subject was of a veryHnter- esting character, and that interest was' added; to. by the careful treatment of the /essayist. A'fter the ..usual .criticism and 7 discussion- had -followed :the 'reading Of the essay; an unanimous vote of thanks was passed tO/Mr/Miers.UNexti Wednesday "even-, -ipg'will be do.voted to readings recitations, and criticisms thereon, and the change will doubtless prove agreeable after the numberbf essays and dis cussions vyhicbhaye occupied members) of latel " D" We are' con strained to/hear -almost daily of the destruction of wildfowl on the Avoca- River during this, the close season.. Of course no one having the smallest pretence to the name of "sportsman" would perpetrate such, Goekney poaching. We would ; suggest' that the . Acclimatisation Society should offer a reward of £5 to be paid on convic tion of auybody killing game in the time set forth by the Statute. There will not be wanting plenty of prosecutors! ; / v ' We regret to Wave to announce the death of Mr. William'Willoby, P.M., which took/place at -Bright, in : the Buckland district, last week. The deceased gentleman was one of the oldest magis trates in the colon yj arid was for some years the , resident VVarden .and Police Magistrate, at Heath-; co.te, where he was>highly esteemed, and respected. He was a gold-warden as/long since as 1851, but : the. .changes in the magistracy of late have led to ' -his. being moved about from placeTo place. He possessed the regard of all whose duty /it has been to practice in his Courts, lit is not -many w&kf; '-.since; the- deceased gentleman officiated at Avoca" for-a short time during " the temporary 'absence "of Mr Warden Carrv ''""ThTouglf- the "courtesy of "Mr IValkeU Nl .PUTt " who m also our thanks. are due for his kind con si- '-deratiom'in sending the new Minidg: Bill),-wq have! before. us, the newrbill relating to Dividing Fences.: By this the 'Fencing Statute of I860 is repealed s a"rid although, many of the clauses retainr,the promi- ? jient provisions bf"the!old Act," there appear in th/J sorae!.,imp,qrtant .."additions and alterations. By ; this Bill the jurisdiction of Justices in Petty Sessions extends to £50 in all matters of difference, ; and' pro visioiis'"are"TSaHe' fdr th"e '"eh76r cement "of ; contributions1 for fencing from, the owjiers.of; con- ; tiguous lands, the indemnification bfotenants by landlords, and the settlement of property in boun dary fences.:. The clauses in this bill— -21 in num- ' ber — are more clearly drawn than usual, and the; \mode,ipf enforceitfehtof) contributions for fencing; is-definite and easy. There is no doubt it will pass finto law without n)Uch,Tffanyqalteratipn.j f , r. The": Mining Companies' Bill of 1871 contains 138 "clauses, and proposes to repeal nearly the whole .of the former Acts relating toilimiteih'liabilit.y.. This Bill is of four parts, bearing the titles of "Con-' < stitution; of Companies," " Winding up," " Share; Warrant Companies," and " Offences" by Mana-I gers. Directors, &c.; The Bill has evidently beenj fratriedin view, qfiso m e "recen t defal cation at Balla-i rat and elsewhere, and we shall take the opportunity j to treat of it at some length when it becomes the: |law of.the land- in. Its present or altered shape» AriSong Ihe1 "new insclyencies recently gazetted, \ "'wofihtf The ;foiltOwirig Alexander M acdbnriell, of 'S tuart 'Ivi illj. stbrekeejier. Causes of insolvency — . sickness hi family,' falling oft of and.jpsses in busi-| siriess/had deh'fs, 'and-| salefrbf stock by sheriff- un-i ? - - - — v— - - - - - - der execution; _L?abi lilies, £1,487 Is lid ; assets! .,£379 . 19s. 2d,; deficiency £1,107 2s 9d. John; .G.oodrnari,. Esq, Assignee. ? r> I,t shopkl -be noticed that the next quarterly! :licerising;meet jngs for the places named will beheld1 as - under, i — Landsboiough, the 19th Soptember aud Lexton, the 28th September, when a quorum of- licensing magistrates are appointed to' sit. 1 On Monday morning last, a horse of Mr Martii, fruiterer, of High street; Avoca, Very nearly came to grief. Being loose in a stable, the animal took advantage of an open door, and bolting out into the yard tried to jump over some pointed railings about four and a; half feet- -high, but ' hot having " run" enough he got' suspended on the top, "and was' with difficulty "put safe on his'legs. The ani mal was much cut"about the lower part of the chest, and it was fortunate he did not get " staked7' altogether.- -We are inclined to believe there" is a " silly reasoir' with foui-footed animals, as well as bipeds, and that ".men and mice" are uot the only things that " gang aft agee." : The Simonsen English < pera Company gave an entertainment on Tuesday evening last, at'Tfevena's Theatre, and notwithstanding the 'counter attrac tions of the week there was a good though not a crowded audience. The class of music presented by this Company— Monsr. and Madame Simonsen being the chief attractions— is of the highest and best, and to those whose natural or cultivated tastes have instilled the love of melcrtly and, harmony, an concert such as that of Tuesday is as an oasis in the desert of humdrum up country lifeti The violin playing of M. Simonsen is in itself delighting. It is needless to go through the programme where all was gnld..- Thevivaoity.of Aladarae-is as-charm;ng as ever; and her singing .asclear and- .brilliant. In., the opera scenes Madame Simonsen was ably seconded by Mr Farley. The solos by the lady were N'Neill, while the solos essayed by the lady were listened to with an earnest, rapt attention pleasing "t6"6bserve. The violin solos of Mons. Simonsen were; enthusiastically encored, and his change in the style of theme was alike gratifying to the ear and wonder- provoking in the effects produced. We have, heard the celebrated song of " The Wolf'' 5 o'n'sVeral occasions, in England, but never so well 1 sang asM 1 , Farley sang it in Avoca, his magnificent bass voice being well suited _to the difficult and quaintly written musici. _ The excessively, funny' operetta, ti" The Blacksmith and the Cobbler,'' involving the love of and jealousy,, regarding a lady ' of domestic tendencies,, with the introduction of riew boots ib a new stewpan created much mirth, 'and the-i acting as well/as the singing was good "-indeed, Madame Simbnseh and<-Messrs O'Neill and /parley appearing to enjoyl theUun-'almost rs much -as the audience; A iword as to Mr'Barr.y O'Neill. rVve 'had no idjea that he cduld raanage opera and fTecita'ive so wrill, but his; genius seems jo be pecu liarly erobracive. His songs' were jijghlv diverting, particularly that with ?' the Grecian bend walk" accompaniment. HeTstyery-cveij, -certainly. J Wo fear this isjhe last we slxall seeof Wr friOnds, the ' Simonsens, .but whereveiQ tHeir-' fulure lot may be' cast they may be- assuredrqf the hearty good . wishes of »the -people of- Avoca »- 1 K "t. We did not write ,upon" fa ykin surmise, a|s "it- appears, when we ! hinted some weeks |go that an attempt was being made .tqhaVe" our Warden ?and Police Magistrate reside at Maryborough. In yesterd|iy'>Melbourne jriurnaVs we-read that the Solicitor- General wa9s appealed; to on Thursday by Messrs Gillies and Fraser, M. P's, t o. require " that ..the Police "Magistrate" and Warden who visits the localityDshould resident Maryborough, as being the head quarters of his, sphere of duties." But the Solicitor-General said,' '"Rafter making due inquiry he could; not accede toDthe request';" " Alast poor Ghost>l" "1 ' r. D : ;f The Government have. assented to a reservation of the land along the proposed line of railway to '.Gipps Land. The : Minister of lands has given .instructions to the district surveyors to refuse all applications for selection within a mjla on. each side '.of the projected lirie for a period of twelve months, by which time it is expected a company will: have been formed to carry out: the project.' " - ,, \- The latest development of the "p/eculiarness" of the Heathen Chinee is the following:— A resident of Quarry? Hill, Bendigo, has ; a fancy for game fowls, and prides himself on his! birds. Early on Tuesday morning— in fact just, at break o'day, he was disturbed from his; slumbers by a flustering and cackling proceeding from his poultry, -and he accordingly got up and went out noisfessly into his yard to? ascertain the cause of the commotion. In the half-light he discerned one of 'his favourite fighting birds go over the fence in awery unnatural and peculiar way. Presently another one followed in the same mysterious and un-birdlike manner. He went steathily round to the other side of the fence, where his feelings were considerably- shocked on beholding a Chinaman, " bagging his game." His fowling tackle was a piece of strong twine,1 toT which was attached a peculiar double hook/ similar to' ;a double fish-hook. : With this ingenious arrangement, temptingly baited, he play-? ed his little game. - Another graphic sketch conies from the Police Gazette, which announces that one Samuel Griffiths, is jvanted for; wife di sertion« The-iudlyidual is. said tu be-.well-kjnowri as Black Sgm, has jet black hair, dark blue sunken eyes, a . slight impediment in- his speech, swinging gait, " and swears a great deal." — '5 A Berlin correspondent of the. Lnglewood', Adver tiser writing from Johnstown qxnder da'e of yes terday reports, — ,$ There are>some nuggets yet left at Old Berlin to be unearthed-. At the latter end df- last week One'-; weighing" 19 lbs ! wasvgothut the exact spot has not been made known. On S: t,ir- day last a i2 oz. nugget' was tgot;"in tNew Ghum Gully, in the original prospecting claim, and there w as a large rush there-in consi-ouence, there being op r? ?; «> . , .c.n r- a great quantity.oLuntr;iedit,ground 10 the vicinity. On the same day a 3 oz piece was got in Catto's paddock. Mr. Catto is trying .,for a .reef, on the spot where the nuggets were got on t he surface last year_ _He.lt as leased.10 acres of the hill jn M r John's ground. --He-is-dowji 40 : ft, and is going to..open . out this week; Everyone; here hopes that he: will succeed in discovering a payable reef. A disease has broken out amongst the feline domestic animals at Braidwood, N.S.W., which in afshort time after being attacked die in great tor ture. The animals attacked with this strange disease (says the Monitor) begin to waste away, then to - vomit large round worms about one inch to two inches in- length. The- thirst of the animals cannot , be quenched, they will go in any wa'er and roll in any puddle. A firm in this town has lest no less ' than eight cats with the disease, and it is not con- J fined to this place alone as we hear of others who j have-left their feline pets with the same disorder, j One person had a post mortem examination made! on his. cat, ami he found, that the liver, heart,, etc., , appeared healthy, but he gut alone ws filled with j worms. . „ .A -Sandhurst .paper has made a calculation, jrom which .it appears that j he quartz miners of that district "will he taxed under Mr Berry's tariff, be tween £4000 and £5000 yearly, and the miners of the colony £43,000 per annum. This amount is exclusive of the duty that would have to be paid on the.candl.es. used by householders. As there is only one stearine candle factory in Victoria it wil be years before the rol>>»»al makers can supply the 2000 tons 1. t- nid 1 > ms -ied every twelvemonths. Our coutempoptry says it is grossly unjust to tax the workin-' 'clV-ys sb'heavily1' arid nothing can be more certain !thau 'tLat when the new duties begin to pinch. There' will be a very emphatic and unequivocal demons a ion 'on 'the part of the great body of the people, in condemnation of the fiscal policy of the Mjriislry ;of Action."; : . : Mr Fellows has, according to the Age , solved the difficulty which has embarrassed many of our legis lators — the proper mode of disbursing their hono rarium of £300 a year. The plan adopted by the gentlerriart is'simple iri The extreme. He has given one half the amount to the Prahran and the other half to Queensclift common school. A variety of dangerous impostors have recently been prowling about the neighborhood of Geelong. Some days ago, a tall and moderately dressed spe cimen of the" do-nothing" class called at a comfort able brick residence in a salubrious part of the town and enquired if he could be furnished with board and residence. Being answered in the affirmative he engaged a couple of rooms for a few weeks stating that his wife and baggage were to follow him from Ballarat, and that they would probably arrive that- evening. He gave the name of Wilson, and as the reason of his visit said that he was a nephew of Dr Reid, in delicate health, and had been recom mended to lodge with his host while he remained under consultation. Some slight symptoms of dis appointment were assumed when no wife 01 luggage arrived, but this was mitigated by the comforts of a well-furnished parlour and bedroom and t he best of refreshments. The pretended invalid (says the A hertiser slept well and dined like a lord for two days and nights, but on the third he disappeared suddenly jvith a pair of massive gold ear-rings from the boudoir of his hostess. He did not return, and fears for his safety being entertained, a consultation with Dr Reid followed, and then the gross andt impudent character of the imposition became evi dent. The police were communicated with, but as yet neither the impostor nor the ear rings have- turned ap. The following has Iieen sent to the BfpietOTZ Guardian, as a verbatim ropy of a letter found in the street, at Trentham. The tenor of it clearly proves that the writer is not conversant with, postal arrangements. Blanks are left for names of per sons and places, to avoid giving offence : — "24'h- July, 1871. To the Postmaster Giniralv Sir,. — I Hopp you will excudge the gTate trubbel i am put tin you too but as i' have been expectin a litter from my sister Mary which, lives in clonrael in ireland three doars from Mr Shaw the linen dapper i wish, you would take a loak arid see if won has come wouldnt bather yoc but as i feal very ankshus i no you will oblidge me. Hioppin your yf and family 'is awl- well as- this leezes me and mine, i reman e yours afectionaly , in thekare of Mrs , nex ' dore but too from t he — --hotel, A visitor to Ballarat on Friday, 6ays the Courier looking " very much like a respectable bush hand, went into a well knownVtationer's shop, and civilly asked of a customer there what day of the week it was j/ and on, being informed, enquired what month- iU was, and" what day of the month, apologising for "His'mariy arid? 'strange questions by sayirig that he- Fad only just coine into town, after having been three years in the bush, arid during that time had lost his reckoning. To city ears the story seems almost incredible, but the man had all the appear ance of sincerity when seeking the information we» hive narrated. . It, will no donbt be interesting to those persons engaged in sericulture in this colony (says the Age)t to.-know; that' by the last mail the Government have; received a copy of a report by Mt Consul Colnaghu- at Turin / on a new method- of suffocating chrysa- Jids of silkworms, which has recently been invented; by- Professor Castrjbgiovanrii, of Turin. The- ad vantages." of 1 his 7 system are that the chrysalids .dry more quickly than under the ordinary system. .The condition of the cocoon is the same as-if- the- chrysalid were still alive, and economy, both of cosfc and time, js obtained over other methods. The owners of farms, and especiallly gardens, on the Barrabool Hills/ are loud (states The GCetongj Advertiser)-, in their complaints of the ravages made- by hares, which seem to be rapidly becoming quite- as uumerous as rabbits, and apparently far "more- destructive. "Mr Hansen stales that out of a' plan - t more or jess, destroyed within, the lasfc-few-weeks.. They nip oft, the- yoting buds, and eat away the- bark as .deep "as the, inside woo'd, placing many ofi the seedlings bey ond the chance of recovery. ' The Chinese interpreter informs us. says the- Ara&at; Advertiser, that on the 20th and 27th of" -the current month it is the custom of the Chinese, in their own country, to remember their dead frienda and change their clothes, and that we iriay expect "here" the usual ceremonies to be performed over the? .graves oflentombed celestials. -Parties.-of Chinese- will be formed, who will proceed to pay their res pects at the graves of their buried friends, with a supply of roast pigs, roast fowls and ducks, and1 abundance of liquor, to sustain and cheer their- ghostly exigences if they should feel disposed to. rise and partake of these refreshments. As some- of. the departed Chinese have left no- sorrowing, friends behind them, their compatriots Hvmg in the- Camp collect money to lay out in providing the- necessary eatables and drinkables ; .and if they- cannot afford to burn IheTr "own clothes over the? graves, they burn colored paper instead, which: sacrifice acts -as an efficient preventative to the- departed making their way out of their several "test ing places to know the" "reason why, f ori© bring "pressure to bear 011 the " chief spirit" to inquire- into the matter for them. In China these cert-, monies are performed and the dead are worshipped in the houses occupied by them while living. Here- it is thought sufficient if the rites are celebrated with due formality at the cemetery where their mortal remains are deposited. The ship, Marquis of Argyle, which has just arrived in the Bay from China, has brought 247 Mongolian passengers, two of whom are of the gentler sex. All the passengers have arrived in. excellent health. The Bendigo Advertiser gives the following startling announcement ; — ' It is . calculated by a Sandhurst gentleman that a comet, one of the points of whose orbit intersects the plane of the ecliptic at a distance from the earth's orbit less than the sum of the semi-diameters of the earth and the comet, will be at or near perihelion in November of this year of grace 187.1,. Notwithstanding some remarkable changes observed in the comet, its diameter may be set down in its original dimen sions, namely 21,000 ptdcg ; and, in consequence of these very changes, it is perhaps more than pos sible that the comet may arrive- at the point of inter section just as the earth ;is in that part of her orbit nearest to it. The result would be, supp. sing the comet to be gaseous, that the earth would be covered to 6400 miles, or to more thau three-four lis of her diameter ; that, indeed, the enormous mass would attach itself permanently to our planet, so altering the physical constitution of the atmosphere as to cause instant death to all animal and vegetable life as at present existing. The possibility of such a catastrophe is of course dreadful to contemplate, and would, no doubt be of considerable moment to , many of our/readers who are not sufficiently deve loped for the chance. The astronomical skill of the gentleman referred to will not penetrate into Nature's, secrets any further, and we therefore recommend the matter to the serious consideration of our friends the spiritists, who, we understand» deal with science where philosophers leave it, 