SPECIAL TELEGRAM. April 27. An assault on Paris is imminent. The Germans remain at St. Denis. Attempts at conciliation failed. Paris is invested. Tho provisions intercepted were re- turned, and an eight hours' armistice was allowed the starving inhabitants to escape from their ruined houses. Fighting was then resumed. Mr. Lowe's budget is extremely unpopular. ' The Marquis of Normanby hts sailed by the snip " Lincolnshire." The Queensland loan of two millions sterling has been taken at £106 ls. Gd. and upwards. Bothwell won the Two Thousand Guinea Stakes. | Wool sales aro progressing favourably. Dr. Dolinger has been excom- municated. May 8. The insurgents' position outside Paris is very precarious. Port Neuilly lias been destroyed. Port Izzy bas been demolished. The insurgents' loss was 1O00 men. Communal dissensions have arisen, and tho authority of tho Committee is weakened. Clusscret has been im- prisoned, and liossel succeeds. A Com- mittee of Public Safety has been appointed. Tlio Archbishop of Paris has been released through thc intervention of Count Bismark. M. Jules Favre is conferring with Count Bismark at Frankfort. Tho International Exhibition in London has been opened by the Prince of WaleB. Tho Government were defeated Ep- ping Forest (sic). Tho Women's Suffrage Bill has been defeated in the House of Commons. The Admiralty have approved of the Australian preserved meat supplied to the Navy. Tho reports of Dr. Livingstone's safety aro confirmed. Wool sales have improved through foreign competition. Low priced and scoured have advanced one penny to one penny half-penny per lb. Wheat is lower. The Bailway Company ÍB paying large sums to satisfy demands by the Commune. There is violent cannonading to the west of Paris by the Versaillists. Fort Nouilly was destroyed. Clamart and Izzy were carried at point of the bayonet. A. discussion bas anson in tue Reichstädt ou tho annexation of Alsace and Lorraine. Count Bismark replied that the German Government would endeavour to gain the sympathies of the inhabitants. I The Versailles troops have unmasked a formidable battery, threatening Auteuuil. There liae been severe fight- ing between Izzy and Vanvers. May 10. In the discussion of a treaty amongst the insurgents, Rossel complained bitterly of want of support, and tendered his resignation. Consols, 93 lr. May ll. j A dissension between tho Commune and the Central Committee has oc- curred. A Committee of Public .Safety has been appointed by the Commune, who ordered a seizure of thc goods and furniture belonging to M. Thiers, and the demolition of his house. A Council of War will judge Rossel, I who was arrested but afterwards cscapod. General de Sulez has been appointed i Rosscl's successor. The Oldham operatives have resumed ! work. President Grant has submitted to the Senate tho Treaty with England. AK KxASimK POK ROCKHAMPTON.-A meet- ing of thc justices of the penco for tho diet riot {s*ya tbo Queensland Times of 23rd ultima), VT IIP held vee tardily morning, at theCourt-huurje for thc purpose of forming n roster bj which to dorure tho altiMidfuice in rotation of both town and country justices on tho regular Court days, to ussist the i'oltcc Magistrate in tho discharge of his often rcry heavy dutius, There wos a cood niton dan ce, and t tie roster was very tnt ie fact only funned. A liât is to bo printed, with tho n. i ra OB of justices iud the dntee upon which tiley are expected to be in attendance, which will be hung up at the office of the Clerk of , Petty Sessions. MAILS far the Australian Colonies »nd Great Britain, per "lad; Bonan," will cloao thia morning, for ordinary lotter« and newspapers, at 8-30. TOE vocal music class at the School of Arts last night was attended by upwards of eighty members, and ve have the greatest pleasure in stating that the close promises to be an unquali- ! Had success. Tho adjourned meotiug of tho Bockhampton Building Society No. 4 for the ealc of shares, will be held at the Secretary's Omeo, Denham street, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, at eight o'clock. Tim navre from Emu Creek Diggings continues favourable. A four>ounco piece was got towards tlie end of last »eck. liiere ure about 100 claioiB on gold, which altogelhor employ about 300 mon. This vre bave beard fron several authentic sources. Some diggers describe the new Celd as a " storekeeper's diggings," others consider it is entitled to a higher rank. We know there are several claims turning out very well, but the ground is shallow, and the con- tinuance of tho diggings for any considerable time must depend upon what sort of success atlouds prospectors in tho locality. There will be a fair quantity of gold coming in to the banks in the course of thia week. A MEETING of members of the Bockhampton Jockey Club was held in the Criterion Hotel j yesterday evening, for the purpose of appointing j a Committee and receiving members' subscrip- tions for tho current year. Mr. C. h. Johnson was moved into the chair. It was then moved by Mr. Cramp, and seconded by Hr. Hogtfiesh> " That llcssre. Feez, Johnson, Goasett, Jardine, Davis, Brooks, Lambert, Scanlan, and Callaghan, form D Committee of Management for the ensuing year." The resolution baring been carried it was resolved "That Mr. Cramp be appointed 8eoretary and Treasurer of tho Club, and an ex officio member of Committee. A vote of thanks was then awarded lo Mr. W. G. Jackson, the retiring Secretary, for hie efficient services The meeting wes not a large one, but the sum of £35 was subscribed in the room, and the opinion »as unanimous that with moderate energy on the part of the Committee, a race meeting that would ba a credit to the district might be got up. THE Philharmonic* Society's Concert in aid of the Hospital takes place to- ntght, in the School of Arts. The programme embraces some of the choicest selections at previous concerts, and certainly gives promise of un unusual treat to lovera of music. Part first opens with Meyer* beer's Marche du Sacre, and will be followed by the glee-"8ee the Chariot at Hand," tho song " Oh, aay, onoe more, I love thee," a .Pianoforte Solo, the popular glee 11 Hark ! tho Hollow Woods," Vocal valso, "The Mabel," "The Guards Waltz" (piano duet), and the glee " Departure." Part second opens with Mendel ssolm's Wedding Marci], followed bj tbe follow- ing :-Glee, " Now is the Month of Maying,' Bong, " Mignonette," piano aolo, glee " Behold* the Woods," duct 110, could I teach yon Warbling Bird," quartette " Tho Two Boses," comic song " Eave you seen the Ghost," and the glee "Where the Bee sucks," concluding as usual with tho National Anthom. Considering tho charactor of tho entertainment oífered, and the charitable object to which tho whole proceeds will be dovotod, there is little risk in predicting a bumper house. Wo obeorve tbat a Hospital Concert, at Clermont a few days ago, realised about £40, aud wc trust that notwith- standing the frequent calls upon tho charity of the Rockhampton publie the proooeds of to* night's outortuinmcnt will form a handsome contribution to the funds of our local institution. 4 .NEWS from Kroombit to Monday last has\ reached us. A few days proviouB to that date there was a rush to a long gully running up from Star Flat, in which the gold had been found at cither end. The gully is two or three miles long, and the sinking averages from 30 ft. to 40ft. There aro also two email ravines j running into the main gully, in each of which gold has been struck. There is a reef running j each aide of tho gully, one of them-the last discovered-being known as the 11 London," j which ia 3 ft. wide. Within two or three miles of tho township ft very rich loader baa been lately j struck by two men, who average ono p^und ! weight of gold each per week, with very little j work. This is decidedly the richest leader yet ; struck on the Kroombit. Another rich loader was struck & fortnight ago at the old diggings, which ia reported to be going an ounce of loose gold to tho bag. Edgar's machine is going up Qt the Shamrock Reef, Paddy's Gully. Thu reef there ia looking very well, and the prospec- tors are getting up splendid fitooe. ïhere are altogether some 400 or 500 men at present on the Kroombit, and the prospecta of those diggings never looked so bright or so substantial aa they do just now. Our informant predicts that Kroombit will prove a second Ravenswood. Our in- formant complains much of the condition of the road between Kroombit and Rock- hampton, which road, he says, takes all or nour!? all the traillo, although nothing haa been spent on it by the Government. On the other hand, the Port Curtis Road has boen improved, while not oalculatod to take the traffic. There are but two very bad places on the Rockhampton - road-the crossings of the Don and Callide rivers. The Doe is very narrow-not more than 30ft. to 40ft. wide, but it is very deep, and as the current runs very slowly, the water remains up a considerable time. Goods aro consequently often detained a oonsiderable time at this place. The crossing of tho Callida is almost equally bad, being etill narrower than tho Don, and having a soft bed. Our informant says cheap log bridges might bo thrown over these places at a trilling expense, and thus make tho road practicable in all seasons. Kroombit has now been opened about twelve months, and hiving already added considerably to tho revenue, has certainly a claim to improved communication with its natural port. We hopo tho attention of tho Engineer for Roads having been drawn to the matter, there will bc no reason to complain of itB not being altendod to. TUE KEW KOUTIIBBK Bisnormc.-Wo aro happy to bo able to inform our TPHOWB lb nt, ufter a favourable voyage, the Bis bop and Mrs. Harter arrived at Southampton on the 25th February. They were both in good health in the middle of March, with the exception of having cold. The snow was then lying on the ground. Die lordship had not been idle regard- ing his diocese oud the bishopric proposed to be erected for thc north of Queensland. It appears, however, that thc matter is not likely to be oc coraplished eo pp tedi ly ae waa expected. Mr. Gordon, the clergyman who had bei'n proposed as bishop, hud been ad vi gp ri to return to mission work in India, to which he hud devoted binw-lf fur f»omc years; and, lifter due délibération, had resol red upon doing so, with the full consent of those ubi) had sought him for the intended bishopric. We IrusL that another will be found j suited for tho important position, with the wisdom, zeal, and Christian lore which are neeoV'd for the discharge of tho duties.-Auf [traitait Churchman May 20. 