ICi'--:.-'.'-: :'-.,':'? TOLLS. ' ? ? ???- ' ? I OUSij '.'; 'TC'TnE EDITOR OF THE LEASER, i ';'\\[ i'J'jSiiiiLf J- 'have read' .'' A: Countryman's' letter j^'Jin 2%e Leader of to day on the subject of tolls, ^andagree with him that the cost of their collec r'ntionis the great objection to thoir continuance p'inuse'; but I must take leavo to doubt tho truth ;!?,:pf 'flpme of his statements. Are tollgatea really o'.l suspect not, but that, on tho contrary, there aie '__ yet hundreds in existence. I -rell remember HI'Rebecca and her daugbtors, but have yetto learn that they were the cause of one tollgate being o /.abolished in England,, whatever they achieved in pfi.apartof Wales.' However, circumstances alter ?;,:{ cases, and a new. country like Victoria cannot al ,..,-. ways afford to take the example of thickly popu i, plated England or Wales. They had paid tolls for so good that tho cost of their maintenance had p.-; become ridiculously small in proportion to tho .:)! cost of collecting tho tolls. -Bad roads, in the j: [Victorian sonse of tho term, would rather astonith ?;,rRebeeca, and one winter's carting over such roads ?;? would have effectually -cured' her tollgate ? dp jia^troying; propensities for; another generation at ? y!: least. ,' I have had considerable . experience of ,i this country, ' bogs and bursters/' in years goiia i:i 'by, and must admit that I vastly prefer the me ..i .tailed tollroad; like ' Countryman, I should pre i! ifer the. metal without tho toll, but cannot see ,-,:who is to pay for it, it' tho porsons who! grind it h .. away , are to' bo Exempted from s'uchpaymenK r ? 'Different man take different \iowHof matters lilie. ?d thisj.and,' Countryman's' views lead meto sus expect that ho pays more money for tolls than Ije does for road rates, and that, like Rebecca, he ?- i;iB far^more clever at pnllina : down than at building ? ,up. He proposes to equilii-.o'taxation by making ,,' the land (rated at its tangible value) maintain ,hl,the roads. A. -pretty idea, truly! Would not ;-ntbe capitalist moneylender, the banking, mer cantile, and mining interests, rather like it— they -:!':;would_escapo nearly Bcot free. Again, let us sdo ; -.. how it would act among the real owners of ; ' land. Suppose A lives in Hawthorn, and owns v half an aero of land worth £100 : he pays 53. a ?/! year rates' to that borough, and burns his land \- i into bricks. B lives at Dandenbng, owns fifty ?-r acres of woodland worth £2 an acre, pays 53. a ''year to tho Dandonong .shire for; rates, and keeps r: four carts employed carting wood to the brick - ,,' burner. ..C lives somewhore in lino 'of traffic be ? , tween»those places, say Boroondarajihe owns £100 :, .worth of land, and pays 5s. rates -to. Borooridara .council. Now, i8 it not plain 'that A: and v B ' must grind down tho road (that 0, i'' representing Boroandara, has to maintain) . in a far greater degree than what C does, who vi has not tho slightest interest in or profit from ? '..the traffic 'I Is it not plain that A and B ought, , in. common justice, to pay a fair share towards the maintenance of the wnolo length of the road, .over which B has to travel? Does equality of .rating apply in this case? Decidedly not. Equa ? ?ilityof expenditure is what is required. 0 not :' milv baa- to. mftihtnin hia nnrtinn nf t.ha rnnrl fnr Jfhis own traffic, .but has to maintain it for th'e v.(!trauio of A and B ; therefore 0 must do one of .': three things— 1st, pay three times the amount of si 'rates on his £100 worth of land that A 6rB ^ :pay8; on theirs, in order to keep his portion of the road iu repair ? or 2nd, let the road ., become impassable to himself and . everybody ; i, or. 3rd, levy tolls to compel A and B to pay ? a fair share to wards maintaining the . road in :.-. his district. I write fcelingljr on/ this subject vas I occupy precisely, Iho position.: of 0, owning , ; a few acres of land in a suburban district that ? ,. has been abnsod for levying tolls. The land is; situated on a cross road; -and has paidan annual rate of 4s. per acre for. the last twelve years, and the road in front of it is still unmade. My; ?rates, and tho Government money with them, .have gone to make and maintain the leading .roads through tho district, to. enable the wild, .. woodcartors to supply cheap fnel for warming and ?building, &c;, for a part of Melbourne and its \- eastern suburbs. Out of that traffic I havo not v; been benefited to. the amount of one shilling. ; iOh, say the abolitionists, those patty districts c-'and their. petty jealousies must be abolished, : together, and a general fund created and ex i pended on the roads throughout the colony. (ijVerywell ; how is it to be dono? Are the land (towners (rich and poor) to bo taxed for the benefit ? of the rich and poor who. are not landowners) ; Is it to. be another version of the property tax :, dodge ? Are cities and towns , to be taxed for *' making roads in tho country? How. where, ?and by whom are tbotaxesto bo expended 1 Are ? we ? to step backwards fourteen years to the days i.ef the.olu central road boards sway 1 - Is local government a failure ? Have tho toll abolishers tvanything:better to offer than the clap-trap cry of .iabolish tolls? ?„, ,'.,. .., A. CULTIVATOR. ,,'.Sta^eIl appears to be particularly favored v (remarks, the ,C'hronicle, l&bh.; July), by visi /tors from1 the upper or lower-regions, : In a certain tradesman's residence, the agency fleams to have a partioular objoction to allow ??ing a certain door to remain shut about mid night, 'when churchyards yawn.' This '; door is the centre one 6f three, and the onter . .ones were locked as usual. On the first ;. n'ght iu question it was opened with a loud .bang, and. without any previous intimation. Oa.a light beiug obtained nothing was found i disturbed, and the outer doors -were locked. On. the succeeding night the good man placed a barricade against it, but this was of no \- avail, and the ghost pushed the door open -? 'with great aoorni - On' the third - night; a large tea tray was planted against the door, and fortified with several heavy substances. At midnight a tremendous clatter woke the household ; the mysterious door was found j opsn »nd tho others locked. 