curious things seen by \- divers at the bottom of the sea. The Charleston News, in giving an ac count of the work of the wreckers in Charleston harbour, says that the ironclad Housatonio lies in thirty -six feet of water, just" over the bar, 16 miles from the city. She rests on a hard shell bottom, and lies north-enst and south-west, uprigns on ner keel. The water out there is beautifully blue and clear, and the divers prosecute their work with much less difficulty than at Weehawken. Her deck, masts, and rig ging have all been eaten away by the worms, EDd little else is left , of her but the huge, black hull. Her propeller, shaft, chains and anchors, and a large proportion ol her machinery, have been hoisted from her by the machine, and also two of the smaller . : guns composing her armament. The rest of them were taken up by tbe Government ' several years ago. The Government has a buoy planted about 300 yards easc-soutb- ' east of this wreck, which enables the wreck ers to guess pretty closely as to her where abouts. To render the matter a certainty, however, Captain Soames, whim he leaves ' her to come up the city, marks her position . with a buoy fastened to the centre of the hull. About twenty feet south of the wreck oi the doomed ship lies the hull of her destroyer, the Confederate torpedo-boat. She has been visited by the captain, who reports her to he lying bottom upward, and seemingly in good preservation. There are 'no holes in her hull, and the wings of her ' diminutive propeller, now uppermost, seem to be in , good running order. She did her work effectually. . Iu the hull on the port "quarter of the huge ship is a jagged hole large enough to drive a carriage and pair through. The heavy oaken ribs and thick planks are blown in with tremeudous power, and the Housatonio must have- gone down with but littlo preparation. Her diminutive but dangerous foe met with a similar fate, "and the two now rest in Eileuca, side by side, at the bottom ol the sea. Under the waters the divers see curious things and make curious acquaintances. Near the surface of the water, on hiB way down, the diver sees sharks of enormous dimensions, which seem afraid of the curious monsters thus intrud ing; on their domain. The sharks are never seen at the bottom — they keep their distance — but the small fry at the bottom are much more sociable. These swim around the diver in the most indifferent manner, and 'with a curiosity truly feminine, insert their noses in every orif.ee in his marine armour, Their particular amusement is to pry into the glass eyes, and at times they areas troublesome as the mosquitoes . are to us land-lubbers. All varieties and- immense quantities of these small fish feed arouDd on ' tfie shells, and their curiosity renders them easy victims to the insinuations of hook and bait. At night the phosphorescent sparks in the clear blue water out at the Housatonio light up the depthB in a wonderful maimer, and the diver.' enjoys the illumination, though he has not ' much time tor enjoying the beauties of nature. He stays down six tours or less, as his work renders it neces- sary., In rnmmaging about the ship the captain discovered several bottles of Rhine wine and ale. He also brought up a globular trass lamp and several metal mountings from officers' swords. Tta captain tus also in bis possession a massive jawbone. It is evidently the lower maxillary of a man, tut its size and the strength' of the teeth is wonderful. ' ' ' ' Selling and Keeping,— "I keep the test bread," said a" certain 'baker to a poor fellow who complained of the inferior quality o'f:the article he had purchased of hitn the day; before. " I don't doubt it, replied the customer. " Then why do you complain f" asked the baker. " Because I would sug gest that you keep the best bread, and sell the bad," was tbe reply. He went eut and safely dodged a bread tin; ' „v f A patient complained to' his physician that be was pursued by a ghost the night ' before, ' as. he : was ; going homo from' - the tavern. "What shape : was it ?" asked the .doctor.. "In the shape of a jackass, '.'.was the reply. " Go home," said the physician, " and" keep sober, You ' were 'drunk last night; . and were frightened at ' your oivn / shadow." ' The road' tew,'ruih lis falwus kept in 'good-, repair, and the trayelieirs pay . the. expenses /OVit.' 1,,> !/;'/' A prudent man is like a pin. His head prevents his going too' far, . ' .-"V -'. - "v . ': The mysterious disappearance of a rutin named Kennedy, a boundary rider; on the Eunony- hareenyah run, is, (says the Wagga Wagga Ad vertiser) ' reported from the other side of the river. Kennedy left the station a few days ago far his usual round, mounted ou a quiet horse, and has not been seen since. Search was made and the horse found in a paddock, where he had no 'business to be ; and a further search dis- ; covered Kennedy's hat lying near a large water- hole iu the same paddock. It is supposed that the unfortunate man either fell or threw, himself iilto the waterhole which will be dragged by the police. Harvest Pbospects. — The Mark Lane Ex press says: — The fluctuations of last week again threaten to retard the harvest. With a good three months yet to be provided for, matters are not; very satisfactory. Grass is bad, fruit worse, and wneat must run short.- Hay and straw iu many places arenearly used up, and should a large demand from France for wheat return, it might be difficult to meet it without sending up prices. It is ; true that millers hesitate to make purchases at tlie present price, and the holiday character of the time lias let down value iu some places Is per quarter. But hesitation does riot increase stock ; moreover, the Baltic, though further in the season, shows no signs of releuting, but finds customers among neighbours, so that it may be an error to think London the ruling market. 