DENILIQUIN STOCK REPORT. ' Wednesday, 11th January. Tho crossings of-stock for market during the Avcck havo. beeiv—450 fnt cattlo, 15,050 fat sheep, and 100 horses.1 They passed oil tho fo lowing datos:—January, ■ 5th~2o0 cattlo of Hoffman's; Sfch—1,050 sheep (Begg's), 2,400 do. (F. Parker's, of Qniamong), 200 cattlo of Wnrn's, and 100 horee& of Stevenson's; Dfcli—2,000 -sheep (Peter's); lOtli— 2,000 do. of Mein's, and 2,000 do. of Land:iIo Dros. To day, 5,000 fat * sheep* "\Vraggo and Hearnlt, passed. Yesterday, , Mr. A. M'Laurin, of ^lorouu, sent off for Sandhurst about 150 fat cattle. This lot, vrifcli "Warn's .mob and Stevenson's horse*, are in the hands of Messrs. Ettershank and Co., as agents. Oit Sundaytr«l,000 storo sheep, AVra^o and Heiirn\«j, passed down the river; and 30 of Mr. ChnppeU's rams • travelled up. Fat cattlo from ATerungle, M&ssie; and Green's, and another lot from Broad's, on the Lachlan, are close to Denili quin, and : will'.-cross almost immediately.— Ckroniclc. Conservation op Forest Lands in the Sandhurst District.—The Assistant-Com missioner of Lands and. Survey submits the following conclusions as to the result of the recent visit to the, Sandhurst district:— "A large number of gentlemen, representing the Sandhurst Mining Board, the borough council, and the councils of shires in the Sandhurst district, liad a conference with me relative to the conservation of forests in that district, and arrived at the following conclu sions :—"That, under section. 5'2 of Land Act, 1869, the cutting of live timber should be altogether, prohibited for the present on Crown lands within a radius of six miles from the post-office, Sandhurst. That, under the same section, the cutting of any young trees or saplings of less diameter than nine inches bo prohibited. That the three State forests, containing in the aggregate 62,515 acres, be proclaimed, under section 53 of the Land Act, 1869, and that the designations c.f the ITeilborough State forest, the Welsford State forest, and Eppalock State forest, with special regulations, be drafted for the man agement of these proposed State forests, which, from their position and nature, would have to be managed in a different manner to that adopted with regard to the ele 'ated State forest reserves along the coast range.', The board have not yet given their decision on this report.—Telegraph. The Chlltern Coroner.—Dr Rohner the coroner of Chiltern has written another extraordinary letter to the Federal Standard in reply to one from Mr Herman Ruppin on the subject of the skull bone of M'Callum:— The following extracts are given in the Argus:—" What I mean to stamp as a deli berate and barefaced falsehood jjis his (/. c. Mr. Ruppin's) assertion that I showed him the bonein question, before John M'Callum's funeral, although .1 cannot seo how this cir oumstancc, if -even true, docs in the least intensify the 'charge brought against me. The reason why. this assertion of the ranting rabbi is false is this that it was not very likely that 1 would carry about with me a blood stained, stinking bone-to show as a curiosity to everybody1 without first cleaning it. Con sequently, for two days. after the post-mor tem, I had the Devils triangle lying macerat ing in a solution of lime, and afterwards ex tracted all animal residua, fat, blood, &c.;, out of it by ; boiling for soveral hours. How, then could I have shown Herman Ruppin the bone before the funeral of M'Callum! To my best recollection, it must have been fully a week after the event spoken of that I did, confidentially and under tho seal of secrecy, show my friend H. Ruppin tho bono in question-—I say conlidentially ami' under tho seal of secrecy, as I was well aware at the time that in matters of dead bones' ghosts tho rabies populi must not be aroused. After this, trust h Jew! They aro bound to have their pound of flesh, however little they may care about bones." Further on he says:— " In conclusion, a few words about heaven, hell, infidels, devils,.and myself. Being to a certain extent a public man, the pnblic have a right to be introduced to my heaven, and those that deserve it, to my hell. . . . . . I myself .was born in hell—I mean Austria, that cursed, godforsaken, priest ridden country, where peoplo go about with gags in their mouths and bridles on their tongues, and are compelled to wear masks to hido their honest face-from tho rulers of their soul and bodies. I was then in ■ hell witH a vengeance. Not being a believer in hell, especially one that is tab hot and commences so early in life, I looked ■ out if not, for a positive heaven,'atloast-forfiomething less like, tho Hell I was living in—m Faet,"l'oame to Australia, likeso many other poor wretches .who had hell at houiel But, to my great s;urprise 1 found that some burning pitqh.flnd brim stone, with devils swimming .on..the.tup..-of it, had escaped from the religious .and. poli tical pandentonium'_of..Eirropean society, and been driven" to those -shores- to torture tho souls of Australia. Felix, trying to clialigo' that epithet into Jnfelix. But as I am now hero 1 suppose I sliall have to light, and al though I declined fighting ivith the Prussians against tho French, 1 intond t<> fight with such as join my banner against tho Australian devils wherever I'shall meet them, and in iviiatever Protean- shape— parsons, Jesuits, .lews, Joneses, itc.—they may present thein sulvus to.ino." Tlio doctor finishes his letter by remarking upon those who said that his j former one was not in tho stylo of a gentle man. A Fx:i',o.cious J)m.—An Italian charcoal burner, wlii!'' onliis way home from Am herst to'jilaryborouglt/ii few night* ago, was attacked by a ferocious - dog, which followed him, fought. and ; worried him until j chance put n tblVafiawk in' his way, vritli_ which ho onded _ the struggle. Ono of hid hands was very n\ud). lacoratod in tho fight. 