THE TOILERS OF THE ANTIPODES. A SOCIETY SENSATION NOVELETTE. Chapter XII. A Muffin Worry and a Sensational Seance. Faithful to his appointment, Dr. Bogie came to take tea in the bosom of the Wiggins family. To that bosom were added a few guests invited to meet the expected spirits. At the doctor's entrance, hats began twirl upon their pegs, tables to tip and turn, and knives and forks to dance from their appointed places, Dire was the confusion of the waiting-maid, who feared a crockery smash-up and enjoyed not the extra labor of capturing lively spoons. When at last the company sat down to tea, invisible hands minis tered to their master, and boxed the ears of those who dared to appropriate covetable delicacies. Of course this rudeness was not willed by Dr. Bogie. His spiritual soul desired " only a little ethereal essence and esthetic tea." The landlady looked aghast when called on for these. But readily she answered, " I've always found heesthetic tea hexciting to the narves, and so, in course, don't keep it ; but as to hessence Tooth's and Manning's is very nourishing, and being more handy, praps would do as well ?" Disappointed of Parnassian diet, the doctor condescended to muf fins on being assured they were composed of vegetable flour and not of Villyard's bonedust. The mufflns having been duly worried, forth from the pocket came the magic planchette. Provided with pencil, foolscap, and a human paw, the spirits were invoked. Solemn silence reigned, expectant hearts beat high, and yet they came not. At last when mortal patience was well nigh exhausted, a denizen of the supernatural world produced some strokes and ill- made pot-hooks. All crowded round to see the magic words — mysterious indeed they were, for none could read them. " The spirits are not en rapport with the corporeal extremities that grasp the pencil," explained Dr. Bogie. Immediately the lady possessor of a snowy hand offered it to the invisible powers. Enraptured with its beauty they dashed it up and down, and in their ecstacy produced a maze of scrawls. Deep were the cogitations o'er these hieroglyphics, and many an occult impossible meaning was evolved therefrom by credulous dis ciples. Great was the joy when at last "Jim Crow," "humbug," "snuff," and " Buz-fuz," were inscribed upon the page, but excitement reached cold-creepy pitch when Dr. Bogie laid his mediumistic hand upon the board, and the spirit of Edmund Burke announced himself as present. Worthy of England's great orator and politician were the words he wrote — " Beware, take care ! They who squeeze the Civil Servants shall themselves be squooze, they who wring the merchants shall find their own purses wrung, but he who keeps the drunkard dry shall be refreshed with shower-baths of grateful tears !" Fain would the ghost have written more, and discoursed of the one drop of salt that had turned the ministerial waters brackish, but the medium willed it not. The Minister for Waters feared a revela tion. He would that none should know that this was his "familiar" who, obediently with planchette wrote his speeches, and while doing horrible penance in Antipodean Parliament, suggested answers to Buchanan's onslaughts. Then Angelina placed her hand upon the magic board. Silently she asked the mental question "Does my Serpens love me?" and throbs of doubt and hope thumped in her questioning heart. A spirit is there — she feels him, for an icy breath is wafted from ethereal nostrils, a damp touch is on her ring-bedizened fingers, and a cold shiver runs through all her veins. The anxious maiden asks his spiritual highness's name. He quite declines to give it, and then writes on apace. At first she knew not what words that pen was forming. But the doctor, looking over her shoulder, read out — " Murderess ! you know my name, and once agreed to share it. I was your affianced husband. You called me your Apollo. But when I claimed your faithless heart you turned the over to the fishes !" Ghastly grew the maiden's cheek when she heard those words. Like lightning the guilty remembrance flashed upon her mind. Hor ribly well did the fair criminal recal the day she dropped her lover over the bulwarks, and fondly hoped the sharks would silence him for ever. She would have snatched her treacherous hand from off the accusing planchette. But it was as if patent-cemented to the pencil, and willy nilly the demoiselle was forced to write — " The thing I used to go about in is not buried yet, so my spirit is free to haunt you till the magic circle is placed upon your finger. Long have I waited to meet my betrothed hand upon the boards of planchette, for without that introduction I have no power to worrit any mortal. But now ! — you would not marry me ; now marry if you can ! Eh ! scissors, if I let you !" With this parting benedic tion Mr. Apollo Jonar signed his name, and took his welcome leave. Thought Angelina, "None must believe this true or I am ruined ?" So, woman-like, she stamped down struggling feelings, and schooled her quivering features. Lightly the merry maiden laughed, "Aha, a right good joke ! why Doctor, your ghosts are quite sensational and worthy of the age. But I think we have had enough of this amusing little game, and turning tables would be a pleasant change. " Accordingly a wreath of hands was bound round the table. Lovely digits with fatigue were trembling e'er it deigned to move. But once started, off it waltzed, and jumped, and rapped, whilst the company capered round in wild corrcboree. Cruelly did Angelina fare. Her Apollo got into the table's legs, and bumped, and butted his lady-love, and— acme of revenge ! — tore her best dress to ribands ! The excitement was at its height when the landlady bounced upon the scene. She'd " like to know what the gentlefolks was hup to ; banging a lone woman's tables, and wearing out her carpet ! She'd trouble them to have respec to a widder's furnitur, and repitation, and not turn her house into a Bedlam." Some one whispered that it was the spirits caused the racket. " Just what she'd been thinking, as she sat below hearing her goods and chattels going to rack and ruin ! " Dr. Bogie claimed a hearing, and suggested ghostly spirits, but the injured woman broke forth afresh. " She didn't care what spirits they were. Anyhow they was the most rumbumptious ghostesses she'd ever heerd on, and she wouldn't have them encouraged about the house ! They were worse than rats, as she supposed they couldn't be trapped or pisined, so she'd thank the person as brought them to take them with him and be off ! " Alarmed at this tirade, the guests heat a precipitate retreat, and the stance ended. But the spirits did not all go home, for a ghostly shadow followed Angelina along the gruesome passage. 