NEW BOOKS. \- Without endorsing the well-worn, paradox that "the world knows nothing of its greatest men," it cannot be denied that could we form -a complete record of all who zealously and steadfastly pursue the path of duty amid difficulties and dangers that would appal the weak-hearted it would bring before ns many names hitherto concealed in obscurity. "A Memoir on Indian Surveys," by Clements ft. Markham, shows 11s several of these obscure heroes, work ing away through danger and dif ficulty . at a very thankless task. Hardy and energetic young officers of the Indian Navy creeping about shoals, reefs, and . estuaries to survey the coast and map out the dangers of these harrow seas, fight ing pirates, crushing slave-dealers, and every where upholding British influence and making thieir country respected; while on land the army surveyors have not been less active nor less courageous. The project of obtaining a complete trigonometrical survey of India originated in the mind of a yonng officer of infantry, WilliamLambton, an d after caref ully maturing his plans he laid them before the Government at the close.of the last century, and waited patiently for an opportunity of carrying them out. This was granted, in 1802, and for twenty years, in spite of .slight encouragement and poor resources, he laboured on unweariedly. " When bis great theodolite fell from the pagoda of Tangore, he carried the battered but priceless instru ment to Bangalore, and, shutting himself up in. his tent, worked for six weeks until it was restored almost to its original form." When all his assistants were "down" with jimgle fever he went on alone, ponring oyer his observations, taking no rest at night, and. died literally at bis post at the age of seyenty, expressing as his last hope that the task might be completed by George Everest, his ablest assistant. Eqnal in resolution, and superior in intellect, Everest took up the work with similar ardour. He saw many of his helpers perish around him, and was at last himself attacked by severe fever, which paralyzed his limbs. Even then he would not yield, fearing that if he broke down theestablishment might be given up, and the trained men, collected with so much diffi culty, scattered abroad. " He was lowered into and hoisted out of his seat by two men, where he observed with the zenith sector." The record is fall, of similar examples, of quiet heroism, "carried on even unto and into the gates of death." " The Bed Biver Expedition," by Captain G. L. Huyshe, recounts the history of. the struggles of a gallant'band of determined men, 1,200 in number, who poshed their way as many miles through the difficult country between Canada and the Bed Biver Settlement south of Lake Winnipeg, to put down an insurrection. This insur rection was headed by a French Communist namedBiel—a very different man from him who saved the French fleet 200 years ago. The Bed Biver Settlement had been for fifty years a colony under the English Grown, and the people a strange admixture of Scotch, French, and half-breeds, who gloried in their Indian ancestry, resented their transference to the Dominion of Canada much as we should 'resent being transferred to the Government of New South Wales or Victoria. Trusting, therefore, to their iso lated position, they determined to resist the authority of their new masters, and when the Governor appointed by Canada arrived he was forbidden to enter the colony. The insurgents had seized upon the only strong hold in the place—Fort Garry. They tried and shot one Thomas Scott, who had ven-. tured to oppose them, and placed them selves under the leadership of Biel, a lawless unscrupulous man, whom they elected President of the Assembly. This proceeding necessitated immediate in terference, and a force of two battalions of men, of whom two-thirds were militia and the rest regular troops, was at once organized and placed under the command of Colonel • Wolseley. The men were chosen with special reference to their physique, as the difficulties of the journey were enormous. The startling events of a European war have distracted the attention of the Press on this feat of Colonel Wolseley of conveying 1,200 men over as many miles, with guns, ammuni tion, and stores, through a country destitute of supplies, and almost unknown except to Indians and trappers, could not have passed with so little notice. The expedition started from Toronto on the 21st May, 1869, and reached Fort Garry in pouring rain on the 24th August. " Passing round the flank of the village the fort appeared in sight about 700 yards off across the open prairie. A few stray inhabi tants in the village declared that Biel and his party still held possession, and meant to fight. The gates were shut, no flag was flying from the flagstaff and guns were visible mounted in the bastions and over the gateway. .... It certainly looked as if our labours were not to be altogether in vain. *Riel is going to fight,' ran along the line, and the men quickened their pace and strode cheerily forward, regardless of the wind and rain. M. Biel ro»e in their estimation imme diately. The gun over the gateway was expected every moment to fire; bat we got nearer and nearer, and still there was no sign. At last we could see that there were no men standing to the guns, and unless it were a trap to get ns close np before they opened fire, it was evident there would be no fight after all. 4 By God, he's bolted!' was the cry. Colonel Wolseley sent forward some of his staff to see if the south gate were also shut. They galloped round the fort, and brought back word that the gate opening on to the bridge over the Assinaboine River was wide open, and men bolting away over the bridge. The troops then marched in by the gate way and took possession of Fort Garry after a bloodless victory. ■ Four days afterwards they were on their way back again, Biel and his companions being contemptuously allowed to remain un molested in their homes—an insult that the ex-President must have felt bitterly. Pos session of the fort was a guarantee for the safety of the Government. But for the con nivance of the former authorities the insur gents could never have got into it." The Duke of Wellington is a recognised hero, and we welcome any new information about him. The present Duke has just pub lished another volume, the thirteenth of Iris father's "Supplementary Despatches, "ranging from the year 1793, when the great captain was only Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. Arthur Wellesley, to 1811, when he was Viscount Wellington, and the greatest of English generals. From his being called the Iron Duke, and from the strict discipline, often enforced by severe punishments, which raised from a mere rabble of soldiery the fine Peninsular Ariny, with which, as he said, he could have gone anywhere and done any thing, we are apt to look upon Wel lington as a stem hard man, whereas he was eminently good-natured. In the very first of these letters we find liim extenuating the disobedience of orders of one of his officei-s, referring it to misapprehension alone, and if possible he always allowed a loophole of escape for those who had com mitted themselves by intemperate letters or conduct, saying " it was a pity to lose a good officer by a momentary fit of passion." In one instance, wfaere-an officerhad written angrily on account of some censure "that the ,Duke had passed -upon him, the Adjutant-General offers him the - option of -withdrawing his letter before it should be "laid' before the General, while there "is abundant evidence that the General had himself suggested the advice. Another letter permits an officer of his staffi who had thrown up his appointment in ,a fit of anger, to withdraw his resignation; and, bad we space, we could bring forward many more such instances of forbearance and considera tion. Nor Was his kihdness confined, to his own army; he showed the greatest solicitude for- the comfort of* his prisoners andthe due rights even of deserters, and was before . his age in the desire that' surgeons should be considered as non combatants; and-be free of capture. It is evident from these pages .that the Great Duke possessed in an. eminent degree the. quality which. was wanting in his great rival —tenderness, a qualify happily often united with strength. . " Reindeer, Dogs, and Snow-Shoes," by Diehard J. Bush, gives ■ another account of the country traversed by the Dusso-Ame rican Telegraph Expedition, so well described by Mr. Kennan. In 1865 the failure of the ' Atlantic cable induced a few enterprising Americans to explore a route for the tele-, graph which should connect the Old World with the Dew, via Behring's Straits, and for - three. years - they were - travelling through the Arctic regions of Alaska, Kamtchatka, and Siberia, by means of the reindeer,. dogs, and snow-shoes, that give its title to the book, when news of the success of the cable rendered their exertions needless. Oar own tele graphic explorers have suffered much from mosquitoes, hut what would they say to the insects that swarm in the summer seasons of these countries! Mr. Bush tells us that at Oochostika the .mosquitoes " were abomin able." Although he and hia companions "went day and night in full armour of buck skin and netting," their faces were so swollen as to be hardly recogifisable, and their dogs suffered so much 'that they went prowling and whining about day and night, unable either to "eat or sleep," and one of these poor creatures was found whining piteously " with nine, mosquitoes simultaneously boring into'one of his eyelids." Yet the mosquitoes are nothing to the moske—a very " small gnat, with speckled legs," of which the natives stand in real dread. "They come later than mosquitoes, and appear in perfect swarms. Ho kind of clothing can shield yon from their attacks, as they crawl through the smallest holes, and even into your hair. Their bites are not only very painful, but poisonous, cauBiiig much swelling. They are often fatal to dogs, in whose nostrils and -ears they crawl, and then sting them. During the moske season the natives take their dogs - into their houses with them, and keep the rooms con stantly filled with dense smoke,- arising from small fires built about the floor!" We think of Kamtchatka as a gloomy country, and are surprised therefore to hear of the hillsides : brilliant with flowers, and of blackberries, : raspberries, gooseberries, . whortleberries, and cranberries growing in profusion, while from the environs of Petropaulovski the view is magnificent — range beyond range of hills, and towering above all " the magnificent volcanic peak of Avatcha," "over 11,000 feet in height." "Though distant thirty miles, its snowy summit, glittering in the sunlight, was so keenly cut against the bright aznre of the sky that it did not appear a mile away." Its "peak is a perfect cone, and so steep that one constantly expects the huge masses of snow and ice to come dashing down its sides to the snow limit, and drop off into boundless space. ... Far to tlie south rose its noble rival, Villenchinski—a spire of burnished silver." "Colonial Adventures and Experiences," by a University man, relates how one who had spent " the best part of four years at Oxford in a not very stndioos manner" fared in Queensland. We are not much surprised to hear that he had great difficulty in finding employment. Within the first three months he became a navvy, a photo grapher's man, a surveyor's man, and a shepherd. Liking none of these occupations, we soon find him teaching the children of a drunken blacksmith, whose wife, catching the words Holy Ghost as the children were reading a chapter of the Bible calls out " Who is that swearing?" "I doubt," says our author, significantly, "whether she had heard the expression used in the colony except as an execration." . , " There are no churches in Capricornia." After trying the profession ef town-crier, candle-maker, sausage-maker, &c.;, &c.;, "Oxford George," as he was called, obtained the assistance of friends to return home, and now tries his hand at authorship -with some success. His book is lively and amusing, but not flattering to Queensland, " the main portion" of which " will produce nothing but dry grass and firewood," and where he says "every one drinks or lushes." "A doctor who did not drink would get very few patients; he would not be able to gain their sympathy." We do not know how far to trust a man with such an evident bias, but his account of the "coolie question" confirms much of what we elsewhere publish on the same subject. " Curiosities of Street Iiteratnre in China," by W. H. Medhnrst, of Shanghai, is a very amusing lecture. The Chinese vie with one another in the decorative invitations painted on their signboards. Here we have the advertisement at the entrance of a restaurant, which would do credit to America. '' Limit less production! Feasts prepared both in the Tatur and Chinese style. The delicacies of the season. Sea-slugs smothered in ver micelli, and trimmed with finely-shred lram. Forced-meat, .puffs, &c.;" This is for the Chinese. The other side, in equally glaring characters, announces "Delicacies from beyond the seas," tells us that " TMe-a-tele meals are' provided to the fancy of the guests," and advertises "Famous wine from over the seas." A druggist invites the public to swallow "pills manufactured out of a whole stag, slaughtered with purity of pur pose on a propitious day." A doctor styles himself "a world's benefactor, "and professes to be at home on the even days of the month. Chinese visiting cards are far more important than ours, consisting of huge sheets of scarlet paper with the name inscribed in large letters. They are of three kinds—the plain card, the official card, and the full card— which last is only produced upon grand occasions, such as New Year visits or visits of congratulation or condolence. The full card must contain ten folds. It does not give titles, but the name is prefixed by the words " Your stupid younger brother," or if the person visited belongs to a generation older, "Your stupid nephew," or to two generations older, " Your more than stupid nephew." The name is followed by the words "bones, and pays liis respects," and the card is quite too expensive to be bestowed upon a friend. It is as a matter of etiquette always returned to the visitor. The most extraordinary card ever received by Mr. Medhurst was that of a young lady informing him that she intended committing suicide on a certain day, and she did it too, hanging herself by a noose of scarlet crape in the presence of thousands of spectators, who looked upon the act as highly meri torious under the circumstances, her affianced husband having died just when the nuptials were about to be celebrated. "Shut up in Paris during the Siege," by Nathan Sheppard, is one of the best of the j many siege journals, vigorous, sparkling, j and satirical, without being cynicaL The shameless disinclination to fight of the National Guards, and their excessive in- J clin at ion to talk and make demonstrations, excited the indignation of everybody. One of the most painful circumstances of the siege was the suspense respecting the friends and relations from whom tbey had been separated. "In some cases the silence of months is broken by the worst of tidings. The first news one young man has of his mother is that she lis dead. A lady who had used every means to obtain information of her daughter, who was on her wedding tour when Paris was invested, at last succeeded in hearing that her daughter yas lying on the point of death, with the words always onher .lips, ' Tell mother to c6me.' The next tidings 'are that all is over. The mother could not come. \- Another learns from an accidental remark in a friend's letter that she has lost her only sister." The sufferings of the soldiers bear a very small proportion to the amount of misery produced by war. In "The Outbreak of the Revolution" and " A Man of the People," MM. Erckmann Chatrian give us pictures of the Revolutions of 1779 and 1848 seen -from the peasant point of view, and those who like to study history in novels cannot-do better than read these. The misery of the peasants before the first Bevolntion, and their loyal faith that if the King only knew of tiie oppression they suffered, he would give them help; their gradual awakening to the consciousness that they too are human beings with rights as well as duties, are admirably depicted. The story ends in .1792, when the National Assembly declared the country in danger, and the people rose as one man to defend it—a sad contrast to the spirit indicated in Mr. Sheppard's book, Jean Pierre, the man of the people, is a fine character. His independence shows itself at school, when he fights his way up in spite of numbers ; in the cabinetmaker's workshop, .whenhefallsuponamanaheadtallertlian him self ; and in his determination totakeno help from relations who have disowned him. His , efforts to master the alphabet^ his intense enjoyment of his one day's holiday, his de votion to his work under the quaint old cabinetmaker, form a series of pleasant pic tures of village life that the reader does not willingly change for the narrow streets of Paris and the tumult of revolution. The scene of " Behind the Veil," by the author of "Six Months Hence," is laid in New South Wales, and the plot has been happily summed up in the question, " should you be surprised to hear that you have suspected the wrong man!" Two brothers live together in a lonely honse. One day they quarrel, and the younger one leaves the house. Next day he is seen by an old servant stealing quietly back, and the day after the elder brother is missing, and soon found murdered in a swamp. The old servant, making a careful search, discovers a gold watch-key bearing the initials of the younger brother (who has meanwhile disappeared), and lays the facts before a Sydney barrister. This Sydney barrister goes to England, falls in love, and then finds the suspected, man engaged to the lady's sister. He feels it his duly to speak—the match is broken off, and the poor young lady, brought almost to.the brink of the grave.. The story is well told, the chief characters well drawn, but the subordinates are mere caricatures, the reader tires of them, and the book is too sensational for our "taste. . We have left ourselves little room for poetry, and there is only one book we can recommend—"Songs, of the Sierras," by Joseph Miller, a Californian Byron, who brings before us the wild scenes of the West with a vividness seldom surpassed. Here is a description of a ride through a tropical forest, the only extract we can make room for. It is from a passionate story of love and adventure called by the quaint title, "With Walker in Nicaragua":-— " The trees shook hands high overhead, . And bowed and intertwined across The narrow way; while leaves, and moss, And luscious fruits, gold-lined and red, Through the cool canopy of green, Let not one sun-shaft shoot between. Birds hung and swung, green robed and red, Or drooped in curved lines dreamily— Rainbows reversed from tree to tree— Or sang low banging overhead; Sang low, as if they sang or slept; Sang faint, like some far waterfall. And took no note of us at all, Though ripe nuts crushed at every step. How ran tbe monkeys through the leaves ; How rushed they through brown-clad and blue, Like shuttles hurried through and -through The threads a hasty weaver weaves; How quick they cast us fruits of goid, Then loosen'd hand and all foothold, And hung limp, limber as if dead, . Hung low and listless overhead; And all the time with half-oped eyes Bent full on us in mute surprise, Looked wisely too as wise pens do, That watch you with the head askew. The long days through from blossom'd trees There came the sweet song of sweet bees, With chorus-tones of cockatoo, That slid his beak along the bough, And walk'd and talk'd and hung and sung, In crown of gold and coat of blue, The wisest fool that ever sung, Or had a crown, or held a tongue." 