_. fHJNpAY SCHOOL PEOGEAM3IE. jjirisioa A.—Average age, under 7; Prayer book lessons, Lord's prayer and creed; Old Testament lessons, stories from old Testa ment ; new Testament lessons, stories of our Lord's birth, baptism, fasting, tempta tion, transfiguration, death, burial, resur rection, ascension, and the coming of tbe Holy Ghost (teaching from pictures reeom 'mended); memoriter lessons, bymns for little children to be said and sung. Division £.—Average ago, under 8J ; Prayer book lessons, catechism to end of Commandments; old Testament lessons, old Testament narrative, Creation to end of journeys of children of Israel; now Testa ment lessons, story of our Lord's life with account of principal miracles; memoriter lessons, hymns and verses of the Bible; doctrine, parables from Matthew xiii or xxv or Lube xv. Division C.—Average age, under 10 j prayer book lessons, catechism to end of part relating to Lord's prayer; old Testa ment lessons, old Testament narrative, Joshua te end of Solomon's reign; new Testament lessons, ono of tbe Synoptic gospels to be read; memoriter lessons, ' Canticles from tbe prayer book; doctrine, parables generally. Division D.—Averago age, under 12; prayer book lessons, catechism with some explanatory textbook; old Testament les sons, history and times of kings of Judah; new Testament lessons, Acts of Apostles; momoriter lessons, select collects and psalms; doctrine, sermon on mount. Division *E.—Average age, under 13i ; prayer book lessons, 18 first articles; old Testament lessons, history and times of kings of Israel; new Testament lessons, St. John's Gospel; memoriter lessons, Epistle of the day; doctrine, John iii, iv, v, vi, vii, or xiv to xxii. Division Fa.—Average age nnder 15; prayer book lessons, 3<J articles; old Testa ment lessons, Isaiah xl to lxvi; new Testa ment'lessons, I or II Corinthians; memori ter lessons, Gospel of the day. F6.—Average age under 16; old testament lessons, types i and prophecies of Messiah; ne w Testament lessons, Hebrews; church history, history of first three centuries. Division G. — Average age over 16 ; prayer book lessons, history and explanation of prayer book and articles; new testament lessons, Alford's Testament for English readers; church history, history ot reforma tion. j '* Not evory Sunday school can be expected to contain scholars fit for Division E. . The i part of the schome below the line is only intended to be used where, and so far as, oircumslances allow. 