NUMSKULLS AND OTHEE SKULLS. finale of a " host wonderful histoltle." Motto. — Though they dig into hell, thence shall mine hand take them ; though they climb up to heaven, thence will I bring them down. — Amos. To the Editor of the Federal Standard. Sir, —With Margaret McCallum I have no more nones to picii at present as A am unaer the impression that there was very little flesh left on those that I did pick with her lately. But I have now another dummy to deal with of somewhat heavier calibre; I am alluding to the " impoverished Jewish Babbi," Herman Buppin, of my last communication. This gentleman seem3 to have taken nr>' joke so seriously as to feel induced not to put Ms pen to paper, but to cause somebody else to do it, and write a letter in defence of his newly ac quired reputation as a BesurreefcioMst preacher. Herman Bnppin, in the letter of Ms learned secretary, calls my goodhumored self-defence an insult to the dignity of Ms person. Let this be so, it is only one prejudice more to his credit. Another minor trifle is Ms charge of my having mistranslated the Latin motto of my last letter. I shall let this pass -also, as every cMld in the street must know what a finished Latin scholar Herman Bnppin is. But what I mean to stamp as a deliberate and barefaced falsehood is his assertion that I showed Mm the bone in question, before John McOalluin's funeral, although I cannot see how this circumstance, if even true, does in the least intensify the charge brought against me. The reason why this assertion of the ranting rabbi is false is tMs, that it was not very likely that I would carry about with me a blood-stained, stinking, bone to show as a curiosity to everybody without first cleaning it. Consequently, for two days after the post-mortem, I had the Devil's triangle lying macerating in a solution of lime, and after wards extracted all animal residue, fat, blood, &c.;, out of it by boiling for several hours. How, then, could I have shewn Herman Buppin the hone before the funeral of McCallum ? To my best recollection, it must have been fully a week after the event spoken of that I did, confidentially and under the seal of secrecy, show my friend H. Buppin the bone iu question — I say confidentially and under the seal of secrecy, as I was well aware at the time that in matters of dead bones' ghosts the rabies populi must not be aroused. After this, trust. a Jew! They are bound to have their pound of flesh, however little they: may care about bones. I come now to the examination of another charge — it is that of blaming me for having ridiculed Ms " creed." Herman Buppin was never more mistaken in Ms life. "When I spoke of Herman Buppin as a Jew, I was not alluding to Ms religion, but to his race — to the race of the Jews, wMch was at all times, as can he proved out of their own mouths, a boastful, vindictive, hypocritical, stiffnecked, incorri gible, unthankful, ungenerous race of people. They were always considered untrustworthy friends and bad neighbors from the time of their exodus out of Egypt down to the time of the last cowardly attack of Benjamin Disraeli on the celebrated historian Goldwin Smith, who some years ago had left Oxford-hell, .with its thirty-nine articles, to settle down in that transatlantic heaven of liberty of thought and conscience, well known under the name of " Glorious America." I say that if I spoke of Herman Buppin as a Jew, I had in my mind not the religion of the Jews— although there might be a word or two said even against their religion, as being an unprogressive body of religions tenets, the stereotype rigidity and immobility of wMch prevented them from acknowledging the authority of that great reformer who, as we are told, appeared exactly 1870 years ago on the stage of human history. If I spoke of Herman Buppin as a Jew I meant that he was one of that race of Jews against wMch the very instincts of all civilised and uncivilised nations of the earth are enlisted — so much so, that the very word " Jew " became a by- word for cheat, and to be " Jewed" is a common slang term, synonymous with the vernacular to be "cheated." Bead their cha- racterin their own language in Amos, chap, viii, v. — " Saying, when will the new moon be gone, that we may sell com ? and the Sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah (a dry measure, three pecks and tMree pints) small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit ? " 6. " That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy for a pair of shoes ; yea, and sell the refuse of the wheat? " 7. " The Lord hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob (who, indeed, was so ex cellent that Ms very name immortalised him as a "cheater" — Jacob), Surely I will never forget any of their works." And Amos, chap, v., 10. — " They hate Mm that rebuketh in the gate (id est, the honest magistrate on the bench), and they abhor him that speaketh up rightly." But all this does not mean — mark it well — that either Herman Buppin or his half-brother Sallust are cheats ; on the con trary : I always considered them an honorable exception from the general set of Jews, such as unprincipled hawkers, pedlars, et hoc genus omne ; and I am happy to say that as far as I know them they are, particularly Sallust E., exceedingly honorable and honest men with respect to business and money transactions. But in every other respect they are simply Jews — Jews in the fullest sense of the word. So much for the elucidation of my meaning when I called Herman Bnppin a ranting, rabid Babbi. Should the Euppins wish to get more extensive information on the subject in hand, I beg to refer them to W. Shakspeare andE. Swedenborg— two firms who have had exten sive dealings with Jews. I have now only tliree points more to allude to and settle ; and one of them is Herman Bup- pin's charge of my having said that John McCallum could go to heaven or to hell with out the triangular bone. I honestly confess that' I do not remember having made use of those wicked words; but lest it he said that I have a very elastic and convenient memory, retaining things that suit my book, and reject ing others that militate against me, I shall plead guilty to the intrinsic probability of tMs charge being true, as I am constantly in the habit of thinking and speaking of the selfish and sensual heaven, and the revolting hell brimful with devils and burning brimstone of the crowd as lightly as I would think and speak of "Gulliver's Travels," or of the "Adven tures of Baron Munchausen." Another error that I think the people gene rally are laboring under is, their impression that I was too hard on the poor woman Marga ret McCallum. Self-defence is allowed to be a law of human nature ; and I think I did no harm to Margaret McCallum thau I would do to a poisonous worm by putting my heel on its head._ What has the conan to do with the question ? Women are hanged if they deserve it, in spite of their tender feelings, just as well as men. I have still to learn that the human feelings are divided into male feelings and female feelings, the former of which you may trample on with impunity, wMlst to wound those of the latter is an unpardonable offence against that falsely so-called manly spirit of chivalry and forbearance which the she-sex alone is entitled to. This line of argument is utterly futile, especially in an age of measures against the "subjection" and for the "en franchisement" of women. To make the women really free and equal with men we must treat them on equal terms with men — id est — as men. Therefore to spare their feelings when they do wrong is not educating them up to the mark with man, but it is leaving them in the same state of pupilage they were in heretofore, instead of teacMng them that, metaphorically speaking, sexual differences, from a social point of view, are only skin deep, like beauty, and have nothing whatever to do with the mental basis of their conduct or actions. In conclusion, a few words about heaven, hell, infidels, devils and myself. Being to a certain extent a public man, the public have a right to he introduced to my heaven, and those that deserve it, to my hell. As Shakspeare says:— I'll speak it though hell itself should gape And bid me hold my peace. Why does Herman Bnppin not rap out h . . hell with the full intonation of his manly voice? " Is he perhaps afraid to paint the devil on tfie wall, lest he might come to fetch him ? I must say I am not frightened of either hell or devil, and never was even when I first heard of them — heaven and hell are to me ho more than the north pole and south pole of human happiness and wretchedness. But the infernal hypocrisy of etiquette and cant attempts to blot out the beautiful Anglo-Saxon word " hell" (in Hebrew shaul, sheol) from " hele" to conceal, for the special purpose, it would seem, not to frighten the children, small and big who might have some freehold property coming to them in those far-off warm latitudes. I myself was born in hell, I mean Austria, that cursed, God-forsaken, priest-ridden country where people go about with gags in their mouths and bridles on their tongues, and are compelled to wear masks to hide their honest faces from the rulers of their souls and bodies. I was then in hell with a vengeance. If the hell of the faithful is anything like it I wonder no longer that they have agreed to banish the word that calls up such infernal associations, both from their memory and language. Not being a believer in hell, especially one that is too hot and commences so early in life, Hooked out if not for a positive heaven, at least for something less like the hell I was living in — in fact I came to Australia, like so many other poor wretches who had hell at home. But, to my great surprise, I found that some burning pitch and brimstone with devils swimming on the top of it had escaped from the religions and political pandemonium of European society, and been driven to these shores io torture the souls of Australia Felix trying to change that epitliet into Infelix. But as I am now here I suppose I shall have to fight, and although I declined fighting with the Prussians against the French, I intend to fight with such as join my banner against the Australian devils wherever I shall meet them, and in whatever Protean shape, parsons, jesuits, jews, Jones's, etc., etc.,' they may present themselves to me. After tMs long and toilsome journey through heaven and hell, having to force my way through crowds of saints and devils, I at last come to the infidels. I shall tell you, in con clusion, what sort of people they are. If he is an infidel who, by dint of persevering study and earnest thought, arrives at certain settled convictions, and not only gives free utterances to them hut acts on them in his public and private life— I am an infidel. If he is an infidel who speaks what he honestly thinks to be tho truth everywhere, and in the presence of everybody, although ho knows that by his doing so he injuries himself in the eyes of the world — I am an infidel. If dull mediocrity and stupid acquiescence in the teachings of dogmatical impostors means to be faithful — I am an infidel. If to respect and repeat the time-honored cant of saints and bibliolatrists means to be faithful — I am an infidel. If to go to church on Sunday dressed in fine clothes, and with a family bible under the arm, means to be faithful — I am an infidel; in short, if seeming to be what one is not means to be faithful, then I am as great an infidel as can he found between the latitudes of Spitzbergen and Mount Erebus. But if, on the other haud, to believe in one God, and no more, is to be faithful, I am not an "infidel. If to believe that Jesus Christ was another Socrates, living a few centuries after him, and dying for the sins of Ms fellow Jews— as did Socrates before him for those of the Athenians — is to he faith ful,. I am not an iufidel. If to speak one's mind, and act according to the inspiration of one's conscience, is to be faithful, I am not an infidel. If to take reason, and intellect for one's only guides, is to be faithful, lam not an infidel. TMs, my confession of faith. . ' Yours, &c.;, U. W. JttUHJNJSJtt. a.o. — pome people nave , saia tnat my con duct in my late self-justification against Margaret McCallum aud Co. was not that of a gentleman, and some have even gone so far as to propose the somewhat forcible argument of cowhiding me, to prove that I am not a gen tleman. Openly confessing that I should not like to pass the barbarous ordeal of a cow. hiding to establish my character as a gentle man, I beg to inform those forcible logicians that I prefer, and should rather look upon it as a compliment, to be called a ruffian by the knights of the cowMde-whip. — C. W. E. Benalla. — Impounded — Bay mare, S and cross near shoulder S near thigh ; blue roan horse, collar marked, near knee broken, JC with half circle under off shoulder ; bay filly, white hind feet, G near shoulder. Chiltern. — Impounded — Biack horse, col lar marked, illegible over JM near shoulder, JM near ribs. Notice sent to supposed owner ; wMte cow, anchor off rump, like 43 near thigh; white heifer calf, progeny ; bay or brown filly, blaze, hind fetlocks white, S on side over S near shoulder. 