CARRY'S CONFESSION. OIIAPTER XLVI. WHEN Mrs. Higgs was stronger, she wrote to her sister Johannah a letter of condolence, not unmingled with sisterly upbraiding. She regretted to hear of Mr. Webber's decease, and thought that Johannah would regret to hear in her turn-she might be wrong to assert as much, as it was a matter for 'pecula tion-that the writer had been laid up many weeks with fever. She alluded cursorily ?o Sthe ill-health of Mrs. Webber's grandohild S-a relative in whom her stolid sister had not deigned to evince tile slightest interest, despite the letter Mrs. Higgs had written to her at an earlier period. Mrs. Webber's answer arrived in due course-a trifle more illegible than her 'ister's, and taking Mrs. Higgs several days to decipher. It came, hoping that Mrs. Higgs was well-although apprised to the contrary last week-as it left its writer, or rather its dictator-at oresent. Mrs. Web ber had had a hard time of it with her hue band before it pleased the Lord to take him, he had'been a misery to himself and all about him, and it was a mercy for him, and more especially for all about him, that he was gone at last! She did not think of settling in Devonshire, but of coming back to London again, as soon as her nerves were stronger. Joe and his wife were with her; Mr. Webber had left them a good deal of his money, and screwd ~er down as tightly as he could, which had been Webber's way through life, though she had never murmured, and was not going to begin now. And with her !ind loveto Mr. Galbraith, the child, and Mrs. Higgs, she was her affectionate sister in grief and wailing, Johannah Webber. "It's a funny letter !" was Mrs. Higgs's comment on this epistle; " but she always wase a little funny! I wonder how much poorWebber died worth, and whether Joe'll drink hisself to death now ? Unless they tie him up. I think he will !" Meanwhile, Mrs. Higgs had other thoughts besetting her-other incidents, born of the experience of her daily life, to wonder at. She had scarcely entertained *a hope of little Carry's recovery; and now the child's progress back-slow and fitful yet--to life, was a something to feel grate ful for, and a matter for a little astonish ment. The old faithful servant could watch the child's interest in her new nurse-in the young, patient gentle-hearted woman, whom Neal had constituted watcher there. Mrs. Higgs had heard of Addie Merton very often, but had had few opportunities of meeting her, and studying her character '." taking her in," as she termed it. Addie did not loose caste by being "taken in" by Mrs. Higgs; the old woman was no mean judge of what was best for Neal, and she saw in this amiable woman where the solace for him who had stood so long apart from it might be found at last. .She weeas as good a judge of the relative merits of Neal and Addie as Mr. Pike was, and she hoped, within herself, that Neal would marry again, and find a new mother for his child. When the child evinced a love for -Addie, and moreover a docility in her hands that was a surprise to all beholders, Mrs. Higeshoped more than ever that the time would come to wish joy to Neal's new wife in this young woman. She began to wonder then if matters were progressing; if Neal ever gave a thought to the advantages within his reach, or if .Addie-always ciroumspect, and so great a contrast to poor Carry-ever gave a thought to Neal, or had a wish to cheer his heart and grace his home. " They keepit quiet enough atwixt them," thought' Mrs. Higgs ; "and she'll be a igoin away next week, at farthest, and then Master Neal will fall into his old ways, or get spoiling that girl again, just as he used to do. And Carry will get strong, and smash the heads off all the ornaments -which I'll thank God to see!" Little Carry was gaining strength each day when Mrs. Higgs was beset by thoughts akin to those we have recorded; 'and developing with each day a fear that she would soon be well enough for her new friend to go away from her. Addle was already paving the way for their separation--feeling some little natural eminbarrassment at her position there, and t.oubled' now and then by those shrewd, awkward questions in which children will in?irariably indulge at seasions most inoppor tune." "'I don't like to hear Addie say she's ·going to leave me, pa," little Carry once s'aid, pwhen Neal was standing by the mantelpiece, watching child and nurse. " It'sverynice to be just ill enough to have her here" '"' "Hush, Carry !-you must get stronger now, and learn to do without me," said Addie. " Why? " "Because I have a home of my own, and a dear good uncle, all alone, who wants to bhveinme back." i"Uncle can come here, and then you can stay, dear Addie ! Pa, won't you ask Addie to stay here always, and take care of me ?" Neal'started, but recovered his equanimity with tact; 'Addie is.always welcome, Carry." ".Therel " said Carry, triumphantly. " Always welcome!-I hope so. You and I,. Carry;, will have a long talk about this to-morrow. Haveyouseen my Uncle David to-day ?" asked Addie, turning suddenly to Neal... The conversation was changed, and Neal, 'after a few remarks, left the room and went straight to his study, where he turned the key~ upon his thoughts. SThose thoughts were many, but all tend ing'.to one common centre, now. Could he afford to lose this chance-hie last chance of happiness with Addie Merton? Was it not better for himself, his child, his home, if the power lay in him to induce her to accept his name? He was not a vain man; he had hut little faith 'in his influence over woman hind; his first marriage had proved his want of judgment, and would it be wise to risk a iecond? After all, was it in his power to win any woman's affection ?--had he not been ever too stern and cold a man? His was an absorbant disposition, and tank within itself; if he had altered much since his first wife's time, was it an altera tion for the better ? He thought this over, but could not see clearly to the depths of his own character; if he were a more pitient, charitable man, it might be for the reason that his way had not been seriously disturbed Iately' and th'tit his onlyo'o? had been for the better health of his daughter. If she had died, he could not tell where his con solation would have lain, or whither his despair might have hurled iim in the end. He reasoned more for Addio Morton's sakel than his own. Supposing that Addeio might be brought to like him at some future day, she would never be happy with him, he was certain. He would exhaust her patience and gentleness in a very little while, and then the old misgivings! Botter to be always alone, with no one to be troubled by his vagaries, and his daughter always at his side to love him. And yet this young womanr was ever thoughtful, ever considerato; sthe seemed to understand him; more than once he had witnessed her facility in turning the best aide of difficulties to the light; she was very amiable; to win her love once would be to retain it for ever, a pure and priceless gift that only death could take away. If she had not the impulsiveness of her whom he had. lost, if she were graver even than hier years warranted, still she was not a dull woman, and he had never known one of such rare intelligence. For him she was too good; her standard of a wife's duties was a high one, and she could only love a husband equal with herself ~- some oven-minded member of her own sect, unselfish and un worldly, with that faith in his God, and that submission to God's will, which hlie had never had. In good'time she might teach him by the brightness of her own example; but lie was not an apt pupil, and why should he dream of foisting upon her his crude, im perfect self! Leaoe him standing apart there; he was sure that he was best alone ! Having settled this question in his mind, it was strange, even annoying, to Neal to find that it recurred again with all its vexa tious arguments. He could not bear the thought of losing that young face from his household, and he shuddered more than once at the dulness of that home when Addle had quitted it, and his child was fretting after her. What a mother for that child, too l bringing little Carry up to love, honour and obey, teaching her what it was never in his power to teach, and offering always the example of a virtuous lifo ! Surely, for his child's sake, he should refleoot more seriously upon the chances in his favour, and even submit himself to the mortification of a denial of his suit. Now and then he hoped that he might make her happy; he would profit by one lesson in the past, and, at least, do his very best to render her content. He was not certain if it were really love that he was beginning to entertain for Addie Merton; there were feelings very different in his heart towards her now, but that arose from gratitude for her past services to his child, perhaps; he could not tell. He might be anxious to secure her for his own sake -he thought that that was not possible but he missed the romance, the mad impetu osity, that had marked hIis boy's love for Carry Webber. He did not know that romance comes but once in lifo, and that his heart had sobered wondrously; and he missed the excitement of the chase, the agony of uncertainty, the passionate oraving to be loved, that he had had in the old days. It was for his child's sake that he wished to bind Addie by a promise to him, and that he looked forward to her leaving him with such regret. When next week was decided upon--next week little Carry would be about the house again,' and taking short walks in the sun shine with her nurse-Neal was wretched enough, and when the day was fixed for her departure, he became absent and irritable tb a degree that surprised himself, somewhat vain now of his own especial gravity. They had become good and true friends as if they had not been true friends all their lives, for that matter-should he let her go away without attempting in some manner to shdw his gratitude? A few set phrases of acknowledgment for her services and then good-bye, seemed scarcely kind, and gifts of value would look too much like paying her for all past charity. G(oing away, too, at that time, augured a more than common separation, unless their followed a right to see her afterwards; he :hould have no excuse to vist her without his child, from whom night-air was strictly interdicted. Should he ask her to be his wife at once, or should he bide his time and seek an opportunity more fitting to his hopes ? Surely that opportunity would never come if she left his house and he made no sign. before she went a ay; her heart was full of the child, and she had learned to love her charge very dearly, and to feel some sorrow it quitting it. Only yesterday he had heard Addie enjoining his daughter not to forget her when she had gone, but to love her always, as Carry would always be loved by her nurse. " You'll come back soon, dear Addie? " " Soon-perhaps." "Pa will fetch you, if you don't, I know. Ae come with him some day and fetch you back for good." After that there was a strange hush in little Carry's room, and Neal, though he walked still slowly along the landing, heard no more. The last day, Neal was eccentric in his actions. He did not proceed to busiuess as usual, and since Carry's convalescence he had been regular in his attendance. Addie expressed a little surprise at his determination. " I shall see Mr. Pike this evening; he is coming to fetch you home." " But are you not very busy just now ? " "Very busy," replied Neal, "and I am very selfish to leave the lion's share of the acoounts and correspondence to my partner. I will make amends to-morrow." Late in the morning, he said to Addie suddenly " You will be glad to get back ? " This was a difficult question to answer ruthfully or to parry. They were alone together for an instant, and the abruptness of Neal's question startled the maiden. Was she quite truthful in her answer ?-this little dissenter, who never remembered being ashamed of the truth in any phase before ? " Yes," she said, in a lower tone. "Nursing must be very dull and tedious,'' said Neal, gloomily-" especially the nursing of a child that is fretful with fever." "I have not found it so," said Addie. '"If I am glad to go away," she added this time, "it is for my unole's sake-he must have found home a very dull place lately." " He will be glad to see you back too yes, he must have been very lonely in that quiet house of yours." " He is a quiet man, and easily content," said Addie, enthusiastically; "reconciled to my absence, and knowing it to be.unavoid able, he would sink himself in his papere, or his microscope, or in his bible, and study the long nights away. God bless that gentle-hearted, evon-tempored man, I have never met his like !" "A good man-I say, God bless him too, Addio," said Noal, thoughtfully. "I often try to thiunk why he took an interest in me above thie majority of his friends, and in what way I deserved his interest." Addio blusheld. " And yet," continued Neal, still looking at the ground, and noting no embarrass moet in his companion, " what would have become of me without him? If I could even now, in some way, imitate his regular life, and march as calmly and evenly to the end-if by some miracle I could only learn the secret of his great contentment in these latter days! " "Is it so hard to learn, Neal ?'" "It is impossible." "Without faith-yes. But with it ?" "Still impossible," responded Neal; "faith, if it were attainable, might teach me to hope in hereafter, but would bring me no resignation upon earth." "You are wrong." "Unless-" Mrs. Higgs entered at this juncture, and Neal paused in the eagerness of his argu ment. Mirs. Higgs was sorry for her advent -as sorry as Neal, perhaps, and hastened to apologise and make matters worse. "I am terrible vexed I looked in," she said. "I didn't know that you two to gether were a-talking so 'fortably, and it's only a thimble that I've missed too. I won't be a minute." But Addie was not disposed to linger there; the spell was broken, and the sub ject had almost begun to soare her sober senses; there had been such animation in the last words which Neal had addressed to her. She could have listened before Mrs. igge's remarks, but not now, witlh that motherly, soul rubbing one hand over the other, and looking at her admiringly. Be fore the housekeeper had withdrawn, Addie was in her own room, trembling somewhat, and packing up with hasty hands. Neal went for a stroll in his garden after that interruption, and his daughter seeing him there, came out to join him on that fair spring morning. Neal was ever a good companion to his child, and his dulness, his apathy as it were, perplexed little Carry, after two quiet' strolls along the garden paths. "Are you sorry too, pa?" asked the daughter suddenly. " Sorry for what ? " he rejoined. "For Addie Merton going away for good." "Y es."1 "It can't be for good when you are sorry too, can it?" "For her good-yes." "?LWhy, pa ?" But pa was not further disposed to re spond to these inquiries, and father and daughter entered the house once more. Later in the day when the sun had gone down, the evening was coming on apace, and Mr. Pike was epeooted every minute, Neal made his second plunge. It was worth the risk of refusal; it was losing his last chance to let her quit him in silence; he had been dull and miserable before her advent there, and with her going would pass from him the hopes that he had fostered. She was in the drawing-room, waiting and watching for her uncle in the twilight. Neal and his father were approaching it together, when Neal stopped suddenly. " Will you bring down your portfolio to night, sir? " he said precipitately. "Ye-yes, if you wish it. What's there in it that you would like to see ? " " 0 ! half a hundred things ! "l "I'll send - " "No, go yourself. Take my advice," said Neal, with some excitement, " and fetch your own plane. It is important." "Bless me l-something has happened. Mrs. Higgs has lighted the:gas with the Galbraith boiler, perhaps. !0 dear, I'll go at once l" " Thank you." The simiple old gentleman, who cames no nearer to the truth from Neal's denimeanour, trotted away. Neal passed into the room, and valuing time at its just worth, darted at once into the subject. " Addie, I am going to frighten you very much." "I hope not." She answered with her characteristic rapidity-answered fearlessly, for all the wavering colour in her cheeks. " I am going to ask you to come back here presently, in the old post of comforter, to make me happy as well as little Oarry brightening this home, and setting out with me to the new life, wherein, God willing, we shall find content. Do you understand me? " "I thinlk-I-do." " To become my wife; to set yourself the task of altering me-an eccentrio man, soured by a heavy disappointment, which only you can lighten-to try to love such a man, and make him stronger, better, and more trustful ? " Addie was silent; she turned away her head towards the'window, whence the twi light, stole, and Neal felt that it was ominous. "You are right to pause," he said, more mournfully; "it' is a great venture on your part, and a gloomy home, as well as a sad doned heart, I only offer you. But by-and by I shall come back, step by step, to my old self, blessed by the example of your cheerfulness." "I do not pause for that reason, Neal. I would share your life willingly to- morrow, if I were sure that you - " "That I ?" asked Neal, anxiously. '"That you cared for mel Thatthis is really: love! " "Would you ?" exolaimed Neal, clasping his arms round her. "Then it is thelove of my whole heart! " "Then why didntt you say soP" cried Addie, bursting into tears, then laughing hysterically,'and holding her head upon his shoulder. Neal was very happy after the avowal; he did not cars to talk of being led to happiness; only a little way from him-a hand's length --and light and life were coming with the day-dawn. They wore a quiet, even a common-place pair of lovers, disinolined to rhapsody; one had outlived romance, and the other had never under stood what it was like. One had been sobered by the shook of reality; the other had been everreal and unaffected, regarding things seriously, and brought up seriously; a true-hearted girl, over on the shady side of the way, but at all times a choorful woman, deserving of a reward such as she thought was coming to her then. "What will Mr. Pike say, Addlio?" asked Noal. "flow surprised he will be! " 'I am afraid not." "Afraid I" "I think he has road our secret, our wishes, more correootly than we dared to read them ourselves, before to-night, Noal." "How deep these quiet people are I" said Noal. "But surely he never thought that you--?" " He had a vague suspicion," murmored Addie. "And I so completely in the dark I " was the reply. "But, Neal," said she esuddenly, "you must not believe that I have been in love with you all my life, nursing an ugly secret to my breast, when I had no right to think of you. I loved you," she said sauoily, " when you deserved me, not before." "H ow conceited we are I" said Neal, laughing. "I did love-or fancied that I loved some one before you. ,Vill you forgive that unpleasant confession for its truth's sake ? " " Yes." Neal was thoughtful for an instant, then said "And this rival-this lucky man to gain the first thoughts of your heart---a diesent ing minister, perhaps ?" "No-Walter Tressider.". Neal started away for an instant, crying out, " iht s mau! " "It was a fancy born from nothing, Neal," said Addle; "he never gave a thought to me, and only offered me a few kind, care less words when I was a girl. I was filled with a vague sense of my power to turn him from evil and alter his whole life; and I was sorry, very sorry, when I found out his weakness and unworthiness. Finding that out, Neal, was to shame my woman's fond ness, and to prove that, after all, it was half vanity, half pity, that had led my thoughts towards him for a little while. There, Neal, I would not have a secret from you for the world; and having confessed my wickedness you must tell me that you are cruelly de ceived in me and will not love me any more! " " Must I! " exclaimed Neal, drawing her to his heart again; " but supposing that my courage fails me at the last?" " I detest cowardice." "Are you hold enough to tell me, Addie, that you really love me then-better than ever you did this weak, handsome villain, who scares me once more with his shadow ? " "Yes, Neal--bold enough for that." But she was not bold enough to look into his face and say it, though he would have had her meet him with her large dark eyes. But she made no effort to disguise her re joicing; she had learned to love Neal Gal braith with all her heart, and it was very pleasant to have him at her side and be assured of his affection. Such a love as theirs made others rejoice too, and there was no one in all thie world to sorrow at this engagement, beginning in the bright spring time. "Bless my soul, Neal, lad !" exclaimed Mr. Galhraith, entering with his large port folio before him. "What! sitting in the dark ?" "Yes-but I have company here." "Eh l--who?" "Your daughter Addie-the new daugh ter that is coming to chase the darkness'away from us for ever." "0 I dear," sighed the old gentleman, dropping his portfolio and strewing the carpet with its contents, "he's at it again! " ORAPTER XLVII. Mr. Galbraith senior took time to recover his equanimity. It was not till after Mr. Pike's arrival that the family settled down in its entirety-settled down, as it were, to a deep sense of the peace awaiting them all. The old gentleman was satisfied also, althbugh he had already begun to talk of furnished apartments, with Mrs. Higgs to manage him, when the new wife came home. "I'm not going to be in anybody's way any more," he said; "I know the young people will find me a nuisance and a bore; and when it is all.settled, Mrs. Higgs and I will look about us. I shan't go far away, and knowing Neal to be altered for the best will make me thankful under every circum stance." "Well spoken," said Mr. Pike; "we'll all surround this couple with our homes, so that the warmth and brightness here shall radiate to us. But we'll leave them to them selves, as is befitting." "To be sure, sir- exactly, as you say. If I had done so with his first wife-a good young woman enough, only a trifle hasty there wouldn't have been-" "No, no-exactly," said Mr. Pike, hur riedly; "and now there can't be." He'dismissed the subject of the first wife as inapprdpriate for that once; and when a man has just chosen his second, possibly it is an awkward topic of conversation. At all events, it seemed a little embarrassing; so poor Oarry was set aside without a diesen tient voice; and there were other hopes and another wife to think about. Neal went home with Addie and Pike; the days of escort duty had come again, and the new life had already begun. Strange to him, inthe beginning, it seemed to believe in his courting days once more-happy dayso enough, but tinctured with a far-off melan choly, as though the remembrance ol the first love lingered with him still. It was a staid courtship, although an earnest one; there were no secret meetings at a brother's house, no one in opposition to the marriage --every body's consent, given with a blessing into the bargain-a wild, impetuous girl, re placed by an equable maiden, who would never utter an angry word, and love on peacefully to the end-whose heart might be broken by unkindness, but would never rebel against its choice. A woman who might pine away beneath the disappoint ment of her marriage, but would not fly to the unknown, would away from it-whose existence would be regulated from the be ginning to the end, and in the face of every obstacle, by her duty to her husband and her Gfod. Neal was content-more than content, for he loved Addie Morton more with every day. He would prefer a quiet woman for his wife, and he did not care for a never-ceasing pro testation of affection, which would desert him in the time of trial.' When the troubles came, she would be at his aide, looking ahead of him, that peace of mind passing all undorstanding which she would brinlg him withll her love. They wore to be married in the winter time, when Noeal's widovwerhood was two years olh; Addeio woduld have no earlier day fixed. Noal was satisfiedl; he had no foear of losing her, of a rival stepping forward and winning so rare a prize unto himself; and it was pleasant, very pleasant to call upon her and hIr uncle in the wesol days, and to lookl forward with her to thle fuiture life. Tio would Ihavo scarcely forestalled his marriago by a day; his marriage days had been fullof discord, and thlero might lurk some faint suspicion of a somethling to sha low even that second estate, in whlich he sad more confidence. There was content in the present, and he had known so littloe of it, that he thought it worth the treasuring. Tho summer had come, and they were at Pike's housoe-Noal, his partner, and Addio -when a visitor was announced. Pike looked at the card, rubbed his oar with it, loolked from Addio to Neal, and coughod. " It's Walter Trossider," he said at last. Noeal's face darkened, and Addio gave a little jump of dismay for an instant. What did Walter Trossider want upon the scene again, and whose felicity had he come to mar this time ? " Shall I go out to him ?-there is not any necessity for meeooting him now, Neal," sug gested lMr. Pikelro. "I should like to see him for a little while," said Neal. "You'll promise me---" began the other. "0! he is safe in my hands-I bear no malice against him; he hasee never done me an injury." '"I am glad you think that, for her memory's sake, Noal," said Addie, pressing bis hand. Nueal felt her pulse, and looked with a smile into her face again. " You are not much dieturbed at the old lover's advent? " "No-not much." Addie laughed too-and when a woman can laugh unaffectedly at her first love, it is all up for his chances over again. It had been Addio Merton's duty to love some one else lately, and she had learned to love with all her heart. Mr. Walter Tressider was announced. He came in, lank of stature, seedy in attire, with a lined face and a weary step-the ghost of the hero that he has been to more than one woman of our acquaintance. He lost his listless demeanour at the sight of Neal, and paused with his hand hovering for a moment on his lips in nervous fashion. Then his better self-and he had never been more than a weak man, with bad impulses -took him hastily across the room towards Neal, with one hand extended. "Will you sheke hlands with me ?-me who have inherited my father's power to do harm to you and yours ? Will you forgive me all the harm unintentionally done, and the evil of which I have been the cause ? " " You are sorry? " "I have corne a long way to express that sorrow-to attempt to stand better in your estimation, Galbraith. As God's my judge, the last time that I saw your wife was at your house inl Fifo-etroeet." "I have believed this long sincea-I am glad to have the last witness to my wife's innocence before me. The evil following his wickedness and weakness, I can forgive more readily." He took .Walter Tressider's hand for a lenting instant-sign of his pardon, not as a pledge of any friendship in the future. Waiter Tressider heaved a sigh of relief, and dropped into the chair that Mr. Pike had placed for him. "I was a wicked fellow [-a great fool, Galbraith! " he said; "but I did not think my folly would fall on other heads as well as my own. When I hoard from 'Joseph Webber yesterday of all the harm that had befallen her and you, I came at once to see you." "It is late in the day," said Neal, a little scornfully. "I have been abroad-I returned last week-I only heard the whole truth yester day. You remember," turning to Mr. Pike, "that I went away to seek my for tunes ?" "Yes. I hope you found them." "I lost them, sir," said Tressider; "I did not succeed in Australia-the world did not take kindly to me there, and instead of a success, it was next door to a failure. It's my luck, I don't coniplain; I have always been an unifortunate fellow, and I shall keep so to the end. I gave up acting, and went to the diggings; found a nugget and got robbed of it; I came back almost penniless to England again, and have only, by dint of very hard pushing, dropped into a walking gentleman's place at a second-rate theatre, the lesseeship of which is vested in Joseph Webber. And I believe," he added almost savagely, " that Joe has taken pity upon me, rather than seen his way to making money out of me. I have broken down, anid eved Joe Webber can see that." "Mr. Webber has come into his father's property, I believe ?" asked Neal. "Some of it-I don't know how much he never told me. No one tells me any thing ! I'll do my best to push the fortunes of his house, though he must come down with a run if he puts his wife in every piece; she's too big for a star, sir, and she can't perform a bidt." "And his mother-where is she living now?" asked Noal. "A woman isolated like her might have had some little wish to see her grandchild." "She's in the country somewhere, I believe. I'm not quite certain if she and Joe Webber did not quarrel about buying the theatre-Joe said something of the kind, but I didn't pay much attention. I wanted a good start in the next new piece, and a line to myself in the play-bills !" And this man had been a hero in his little world, thought Noeal-perhaps Addie also. This weak, selfish being, had had the power to wreck a whole life's happiness, and yet without being a principal to the misfortune, or scheming for it. This man, whom Carry had loved before her marriage, and of whom Addio had thought seriously ! -verily there must be love-philters still, such as Titania's eyelids were steeped in on that immortal night in midsummer. But Walter Tressidor was of the new times, and had altered much. Though there were good qualities in him still, they had suffered diminution, and it was only an impulse that had touched his heart and led him to seek Pike out, and through Pike, Neal Galbraith. The old story was a strange on?, and appalled him for awhile; he had had Iho good sensn. and manliness, to tli.avow all share in it, for the sake of the womman whose life ho had blasted. [Ie was intensoly morry for COrry and Neal, and saaer to he thought free from blamq in mrne reospe,:ts, if not in all. The c"onfoeion made, and the forgiveness granttl, he became Walter Treosideor again-despairing in one instant, osanguino in the next, a poor pitiablo fellow, aging wondrously fast, and wilthl his face requiring roage and pearl-powder, and the full glare of the foot-lights, to look ever its host again. Tlo was not after awhlile even pleasant company; for he diverged ti his stage-life, and was only at ease detailing his stage reminiscences, in which the three listeners took no interest. He saw this after awhile, in a flash of clearer inspiration, and rose to go. "Idon't suppose we shall see much of each other," he said sorrowfully; "and yet it's hard to give up all one's friends. I never thought that I should like a fellow as I did you, Galhraith--hut then I didn't aot straightforwardly, iand I lost you. I have been going on my own reckless way for years now, iand was not consiots of a good thoutght until I heard your story yesterday. and then I did feeool as if I shouldn't like to he set down so bad and black as that made me. You won't think the very worst of me?" "No." "You'll find in another good wife your happiness again. In-in Miss Merton, perhaps," he said, doteoting quickly enough the smile that passed between the lovers at this juncture. "Yes," was Nenl's frank answer. "I am Very glad to hear that-and of this opportunity to wish you both joy. Though I shall not see anything of you ever agein-" Hle paused, as though half- expecting a protestation against this assertion, and then went on after meeting no response. "Still I shall think of you both, and hope that you'ro always happy. Upon my soul I lshall! " Thtese were Walter Tressider's last words, energetically, almost dramatically delivered -they are the last words we shall chronicle from him in those pages. Though he played his part in the final scenes of this life's drama, and helped again indirectly to Neal's last trouble, we shall not meeot him any more. He passes away, a poor, spiritless bteing, who had not seriously intended harm to anyone, and yet who had done great mischief in his day. Now and then we meet these vapid fellows on the route we are pursuing, and think too lightly of their influence for evil. They are sometimes despicable-but they are always dangerous. " Could I ever have thought twice of stuch a man as that I " said Addle Moerton, with horror in hIer looks. " 0! Neal, dear, what can youe thinklr of me? " " He was a man we have all liked at one time or anothsr-perhlps," be added, drily, " may like again. Give me my answer early in the day, Addie." " One answer always, Neal." She flung herself into his arms with a suddenness and impulsiveness than was so ike his fimst wife's, that hlie draw in his hresath for an instant bhefaore he folded her in Iris embrace. Did love render all women impulsive and passionate, even women highly trained to decorum ? "My dear Addie," exclaimed Mr.'Pike, with Ihnds uplifted, " this is a trifle too demonstrative. I'm net quite certain that it's etiquette ! " (To be continued.) 