SPORTING. ? -' ( By Old Jobbocks' Ghost. It may appear strange to sporting readers to see your sporting soribe appearing at this timo of tiro year.; but I am euro they will pardon me when it is understood that my object is a laudable ono. From timo to timo I have pointed oat tho advan tages of having the raoo-oourse foucod in,' but, very little notico has been takon of my appaal ; at all events no move has boon mado iu tho mattor yot. Whon first I mooted tho idea it was stated by ono of the stewards, and, I might say, tho originator of tho Gympio Turf Club, that it was thought a bettor site tuan tbo prosont ono might bo obtainod for a raoo-courso ; but it is now generally admitted that wo might '.' go further and faro worso.' Certainly our raoe-courso i'b not what wo would wish it to bo, but Btill I:maintaia that with u litllo outlay wo might raalco it very tolorablo, at all events. I von* ture to assort that our olub is tho most solvent in tho colony, and yot wo cannot boast of its oourao being fenced in ; why, it is simply ridioulous. Now, it was Btatod by a roliablo authority that a certain irm in town offered to fonoo fcho courno in. on nnn. dition that thoy woro allowod tho' uso of it for a torm. Woll, what aro tho stewards or their oooro tary about that thoy do not convene a moeting and determino what aourso thoy intend to pursue P Do thoy think that thoy nro olootod merely to draw up a programmo onoo a yoar, submit it to tho publio, and soo to its boing carriod out P It Booms vory much liko it, If so, tho sooner such mon aro ousted out of office tho bettor. (Whilo on tbo sub joot of stowards allow mo to givo a bit of advico to somo of oar would-bo sportsmen and atato that it sbowa vory bad toato on thoir part to oooupy a post that thoy cannot uphold with dignity tothomsolvos ; it has happoned boforo to-day that portions bavo boen acting aB Stowurds, Jookoys, nnd Handioap pers at a ruco mooting, to whioh thoy havo nevor oubaoribodaponny ; thia sortof thing ' won't wash' and only tonds to' lower a olub or mooting in tho oyes of its supporters.) Now, I would auk tho Secretary of the Uympio Turf Club to aoriotisly con sider my appoal, and would also request b,ira, in conjunction with tho stewards, to read No; 8 of tho ' Rulod and Regulations' drawn up for their otrn odifioatloo-; I think they will thonoomo to thooon olueion that it is necessary to moot onoo a quarter at all events, and asoartain if anything oan bo done to prornoto tho iutorests of tho olub and rasing gonorally. Tho stowards ought also dotormino as to tho boot timo for holding thoir mooting j about tho beginning of July would bo a oapital timo of the year. Tho Bporting mon of Quoousland aro anticipating somo. thing grand from tbo Gympio Tart Club, and I nm suro if tho stowards do their work tho outsido pub. Ho will not bo called upon without responding as liberally as liorotoforo. 