One of the greatest drawbacks to the piqspe-T rity of Newcastle hitherto, has been an5occa sional scarcity of tonnage; circular-after circular has been despatched complaining of it ;? , adyertisement after advertisement ffbr more has remained unanswered until freights have risen to fancy figures, aqd still there were no vessels seeking them. The fault, we, were told, lay with the governing powers. Over and over again we have been assured Infltl tnP imnmitmn nf now an^i Viirrliai* niiofnmo duties had diminished our imports ; had thinned the foreign shipping in our harbours ; had left us in Newcastle without. carriage for our staple product. We were given to under stand, that unless we threw open our ports and declared for absolute free-trade, our glory would depart from us. Large fleets, inward bound to 'Sydney, freighted with the prodiiqei! of distant lands — so it was endeavoured to be shewn — meant large fleets, coal laden, out-: ward bound from Newcastle. Nothing, was said about return freights of wool .and station produce from the capital, and the export of coal thence ; but fearful were the prophecies as to the calamities threatening to overtake us, one even going so far as to .describe the board and the writing thereon — 'This port to let' — which, before long, was to be hung out at Nobby's. ; But no such notice yet swings to the breeze. Our harbour is not yet destitute of shipping, neither do we find ourselves quite so depen dent on Sydney for it, as some would have us believe to be the case. The ghost raised in the School of Arts when our member metjhis constituents has been exorcised, .and disco vered to be of the most ordinary ^ort-— a scooped-out turnip, a farthing dip, nothing worse— nothing to be frightened at. The carrying trade of the world is selfaccommo dating. Shipowners must perforce 'find em ployment for their vessels. Where there is anything requiring transport there will vessels congregate. If British bottoms, better suited for the carrying of perishable cargoes, get the pick- of the trade, and disdain the more modest loading we have to offer, what then? Aid there not other maritime nations who are ready and willing to build cheaper vessels, sail them more cheaply, and carry more cheaply, .our imperishable cargoes, and to make a tidy profit out of a business others would only lose by. If that which we hear be correct, namely, that only iron vessels can command grain freights from California, and that, there fore, a large fleet of wooden vessels, is com pelled to go seeking, we may reasonably ex7 pect, with the constantly increasing demand for coal on the North Pacific seaboard, that the numerous fleet now engaged in the supply, may not only remain permanently on the line, but by degrees become even still more nume rous. The stars and stripes are holding out much greater promise to us than our own flag is doing.' American ships are already render ing us, to a great. extent independent of the Sydney traders. Possibly, by-and-bye, we shall find them entering on other lines,' and competing with bur own vessels in the China and Straits trade, until at length Newcastle coal carrying becomes to them a settled occu pation,jnot spasmodic, as it has been for years, and regarded merely as a pis alter, a last re source for freightless vessels. We trust it may be so. The prospect of 'its being so is good. In the face, then, of this increasing demand, in view of a plentiful supply of tonnage in the future, how particularly absurd does the late reduction in the price of our coal appear. At the other side of the world an increased de mand is held to justify an enhancement. of value ; at this side the reverse of the proposi tion would seem to obtain. Had there been a falling off in the export, had it been alleged that this arose out of a too long price deman ded, and that serious and dangerous competi tion threatened, then perhaps the agents for the Lambton Colliery shareholders might have put in a plea of necessity, which might have been accepted. But it is apparent to all that this is not the case ; the prospects of the coal trade, and consequently of our community, never looked brighter, and the reduction can only be regarded as most wanton and arbi trary. In vain do we seek justification for the late action of Messrs. Morehead and Young, who, not content with injuring them selves, are dragging down with them the in terests of thousands, even as Sampson, when he brought down the Philistine temple, gave death to himself and the whole multitude assembled. In a previous article on this sub ject we showed how, in the. end, the Lambton Colliery proprietary, so far from gaining aught by this step, must inevitably suffer, and how, they suffering, the whole people dependent on the coal-trade must also suffer. How greatly this reduction must before long affect the dis trict, may not yet have impressed itself on men's minds; it is well that this should be understood. Taking, then, in round num bers the export for the year now expiring at 750,000 tons — to our thinking a moderate computation — and deducting from the price thereof 6d. per ton all round, which deduction the miners must hereafter be at the loss of, we find that the actual weekly decrease of ex penditure now looming, in the distance will amount to no less than £360'. Whilst none but strangers will benefit; this will be our loss. We have heard it said by some that there is no intention on the part of the man- agement of the Lambton Colliery to lower the miners' wages. Possibly not. There may be no present intention, but a, future necessity there is bound to be; nothing can prevent this. Against this, when it comes, the fatherly interest evinced by the manager in all that concerns the men, the liberal subscriptions, and the picnics, will hardly prove an accept able set-off. Still must it be confessed that the whole affair has been throughout most admirably managed; the union has been sapped and weakened, the Lambton men have divided amongst themselves their union money the string has been loosened from the bundle of sticks ; the men had begun to believe in the integrity of their employers ; the time had come to 'drive in the thin edge of the wedge of further imposition with impunity, for it was thought, that the men were helpless. How strange, that just when the wire informed us of the great strike at Newcastle in England having terminated in a victory for the men, they having won-for themselves shorter hours and better wages, there should have appeared in Newcastle, New South Wales; this mischie- vous circular. Strange, too, that in England the working man should year by year better his position, whilst his fellow in the coal mining districts of New South Wales should be doing the very reverse. But The best laid plans of mice and men gang aft agee, . And so may, moreover, this move of the Messrs. Morehead and Young, which, we feel con vinced, is no new thing: It is all very well for them to plead that others were undersell ing them, and they found themselves bound in self-defence to lower their rates. The plea is wasting in genuineness. Did not Mr. Croudace, at the luncheon on the bars of the new furnace, when speaking on the prospects of the district, state that ' he had every reason to believe the price of coal would be lower before it was higher" ?' Was not the lunch on the bars given long antecedent to the alleged underselling, and did not Mr. Crou dace speak oracularly? To us it is patent that the intention had long existed, and all that restrained its execution was a certain want of preparation, a preparation which it was fondly thought was completed when dis union to all appearance reigned amongst the men, and the will and the power to act toge ther had departed from amongst, them. In this, however, the Lambton Company will probably find that they have reckoned without their host. The men are commencing to ap preciate at their true value the various kindly acts of their employers. They begin to sniff at the mess of potage, and to doubt as to how far they would be wise in exchanging for it their birthright — the right to a fair day's wage for a fair day's work. There are those amongst them who have seen and known in time of old the game now playing,,and the consequences invariably following in its train, and who are hardly likely to sit still and see the ground slipping from under their feet without making an effort to save themselves and all that they hold dearest in the world. Closely must and will these men watch the course of events. No matter how determined the other companies may be to keep the price up to 8s. per ton, they must be ultimately forced to lower their rates, and these coming down, the wages also must diminish all round. Too late then, for successful opposition, the mischief will be beyond recovery ; all being in the one sinking boat, none shall be able to help his neighbour. Too late then for regret ; too late, when some twenty thousand pounds per annum are being kept back from our own people and given unto strangers. It behoves the men in all patience to wait and watch, and when the time for action comes, then must they act with promptitude and decision, remembering that ' It is not meet to take the children's bread and to cast it to dogs.' Nothing should we more regret to see than a strike ; it is with the men to a very great ex tent to prevent this by at once warning the masters of the consequences of the course, they are now pursuing, being persisted in. If, how ever, the masters will have it, then let the strike be hearty and with a will. We are not quite sure but that the men just now could better stand the racket of a turn-out than could the coal- owners themselves. ' Thrice is ho armed who has his quarrel just.' Justice is on the side of the men.. In the end their cause would most certainly prevail. 