ORDINATION OP WESLEY AN MINISTERS. The ordination of four new Wesleyan ministers took place according to announce ment, at the Yarra-street Wesleyan Church, on Friday evening, before a crowded congregation. The President of the Wesleyan Conference (the Rev. John Watsford) conducted the services. After the proceedings had been opened in the usual manner, Messrs E. S. Bickford, H. Oatford, T. E. Ick, M.A., and William Weston, were introduced to the president, who called upon them to make the usual avowal of their -past experiences and pre sent intentions. _ Air Bickford said it was now seven years since his conversion, and stated the manner jn which that conversion had occurred, through attending public worship on one occasion. He related the experiences he subsequently underwent, that led cvenfu ally to his selecting for bis path of life and future calling the office of a preacher. He had felt that he dare not give up the calling upou which he had entered, and his whole ambition was to become an effective instrument iu the hands of God for the conversion of souls. Mr H. Catford said that his conversion had occurred' at some services in connec tion with the Newtown Sabbath School. Then for the first time the light had been uslscred in to his benighted soul, and the foundation of a new life was laid. The conviction seized him that God required him for the work of the church, and that conviction was afterwards ratified by what took place. Ilis present position was not so much the result of choice as of convic tion. Often he would Bave liked to be relieved of the terrible responsibilities con nected with this work, but he could not refuse the mandates of bis Creator. He earnestly hoped, that he would be able to fulfil the duties connected with his office. _ Mr J, E. Ick remarked, that from his Infancy he bad chosen the straight path, that had led to his present elevation, as an accepted minister of Christ. "As a Sunday-school teacher he had lent his whole undivided efforts to the mission arj work he had chosen. He had no desire or incliuation to accept any other descrip tion of calling, however honorable it might be. His expcrince was a happy one ; that God was his father and Heaven liis home, and he consecrated himself agaiu to the Lord, a living sacrifice. Mr William "Weston remembered that at the age of 15 he hail imprc-sed upon him the necessity of preparing for a hereafter. It was in conscqueace of a sad bereave ment, and the feelings he then experienced continued in his heart. With pleasure he looked back to the happy day of his purification, when he felt that his sins were forgiven, and lie was accepted of God. From that time he had, under a strong conviction that he was called to proclaim his Master's name, eudeavoured to propa gate the sacred truths. The President performed the ordinal ion ceremony, addressing and exhorting them iu words full of religious fervour, and quoting a yariety of passages from the Scriptures, appropriate to the occasion. The congregation then engaged in silent prayer, after whiih the ceremony was con cluded, the following reverend geutlemen assisting in the ordination :—Revs. TV Williams, Cope, C. Lane, J." Bickford, 13. Stephenson, Fiockart, and S. Williams. An effective and appropriate prayer itas then delivered by the President, and the sacrament was administered to the novi tiates. The 672nd hymn was snug, and the Rev. Thomas Williams ascended the pulpit and delivered an eloquent and in structive-address, explaining the chief duties of the Christian Ministry. The Christian Ministry was of divine appointment. This was undisputed, and the ministry was ordained under the highest prerogation. The Wcsleyan Church did not regard theology as one of the sciences only, or include its ministers among professors hav ing high attainments in the various arts and sciences. As ministers set apart to preach the gospel, their instruction pro ceeded from the direct action of the Holy Ghost upon their hearts and consciences. He trusted; the strength of their con victions would increase. The most im portant of the qualifications necessary for the proper fulfilment of their respon sible and sacred duties was personal piety. The question to be considered by each candidate was, whether he believed that he had grace. The possession of the hope ful convictions to which they had given utterance would enable them to speak with confidence* and full religious experience to their congregations. They had, however, to live in constant and close communica tion with God, and not simply rely on their past experience. Frequent baptisms were necessary. .They"must likewise see to their proper fulfilment of the gifts they possessed. They had consecrated their natural qualifications to God, and they must endeavour to improve them. Apart from their public duties they must apply themselves to private study. They had to read, learn, and digest, so as to strengthen their intellectual powers, and he prepared to do battle for the cause of truth, against the inroads of scepticism. Their natural endowments must yet be curtailed further, and their admission to the ministry should not be the means of causing them to relax their studies. After some further exhor tations full of power and brilliancy, the reverend gentleman concluded, and singing and prayer having been again engaged in, the congregation shortly afterwards dis persed. 