TH*7* MYSTERY OF VCD WIN 13 ROOD. [Br OHAlvLkS DlCKISS.] rmmi XIiI— Both at theib Best. Miss Twinkle ton's establishment was about to undergo a serene hath. The Christmas recess was at hand. What had once, an l at uu remote period, bfea called, even l-v the erudite Mi'B Twinkleton, ? the half .»» |jQt what w as wuf called, as beiug more elegant, and more strictly collegiate ; ' the term, would expire to-morrow. A nottceabU relaxation of discipline had for some few diys pervaded the Nuns Souse Club suppers bad occurred iti tbe bert-roowp, and a dressed tongas bad been carved with a pair of scissors, Him iinna-ii r , , .. .y , , 6 Portions of raarma'Me had liWise been distributed on a service of plates eonsti noted of curlpaper ; and cow Blip wine had been quaffed from the small squat measuring gl»ss in wnu-h Utile Rickitts (ajunwr of weakly constitution), t..»k her steel drops daily. The housemaids bad beeu bribed witn various fragments of riband, and suadiy pairs of shoes, more or less down at heeL to make no mention of crumbs iu the beaa ; the airiest costumes had been won 011 these festive occasions ; and the .latins Miss Ferdinand had even surprised the company with a sprightly solo on the comb-and-curl paper, until suffocated m her own pillow by two flowing- haired fxecutioners. Nor were these the only tokens of dispersal. Boxes appeared in the bed-rooins (where they were capital at other times), and a surpiisiug amount of packing took nlace out of all propoiti.n to the amount packed. Largesse in the form of odds and ends of cold cream and pomatum, aud also of hairpins, was freely distri buted among the attendants. On charges of inviolable secresy, ojnfidewses were interchanged respecting golden youth of England expected to call, ' at home,' on tho first opportunity. Mies Giggles (deficient in sentiment) did indeed profess th.it she, for her part, acknowledged such homage by making faces at the golden youth ; but this young lady was outvoted by an immense majority. . , On the last night before a recess, it was always ] expressly made a point of honour that nobody should go to sleep, aud that Ghosts should be encouraged by all possible means. This compact invariably broke down, and aU the young ladies went to sleep very soon, and got up very early. The concluding ceremony came off at twelve 0 clock on tho day of departure ; when Miss i winkleton, sup ? V- M,.„ Tiahor n. Drawing- Koom in her own apartment (the globes already covered with holUnd) where glasses of white wiue, and plates of cut pound cake were discovered on the table. Miss Twinkleton then said : Lailies, another revolving year had brought us round to that festive period at which the first feel ings of our nature bounded in our ? Miss Twinkleton was annually going to add ' bosoms,' bnt annually stopped on the brink of that expression, and substi tuted 'hearts.' Hearts; our hearts. Hem! Again a revolving year, ladies, had brought us to a pause in ? our studies— let us hope our greatly advanced studies— and, like the mariner in his bavk, the warrior in his tent, the captive iu his dungeon, and tho traveller in his various conveyances, we yearned for home. Did we say, on such an occasion, in the opening words of Mr. Addison's impressive tragedy : The dawn is ove cast, the morning lowers. And henvlly in cl-ju-is ur.ngs 011 ihe day, The great, th' important day ? — ? Not so. From horizon to zenith all was couleur de rose, for all was redolent of our relations and friends. Might we find them prospering as we expected ; might they find us prospering us they expected ! Ladies, we would now, with our lovo to oue another, wish eno another good-bye, and happiness, until we met again. And when the time should come for our resumption of those pursuits which (here a general depression set iu all round), pursuits which, pursuits which ; — then let us ever remember what wassail by the Spartan General, in words too trite for repetition, at the battle it were superfluous to specify. caps, then handed the trays, and the young ladies Bipped and crumbled, and the bespoken coaches began to choke the street Then, leave-tuking was not long abont, and Miss Twiimleton. iu saluting each young lady's cheek, coufided to her an exceedingly neat letter, ' addressed to her next friend at law, ' with Miss Twinkleton's best compliments' in the corner. This missive Bhe handed with au air as if it had not the least connexion with the bill,- but were something in the nature of a delicate and joj f ul surprise. So many times had Rosa seen such dispersals, and so very little did she know of any oilier Home, thutshe was contented to remaiu where she wai, and was even better contented than ever before, having her latest friend with her. And yet her latest friendship had a blank place in it, of which she* could not fail to be sensible. Helena Landless, having been a party to her brother's revelation about liosa, and having entered Into compact of silence with Mr. Crisparkle, shiunk from any allusion to Edwiu Drood's name. Why she so avoided it, was my aterioun to Rosa, but she perfectly psreeivedthe fact But for the fact, she Imiglit have relieved her own little perplexud heart of some of its doubts and hesitations, by taking Helena into her cou fidence. As it was, she hart no snch vent : shecould only ponder on her own difficulties, and wonder more and moie why this avoidance of Edwin's name should last, now that Bhe knew— for so much Helena had told lier — that a good understanding was U- be re-estuMislied between the two young men, when El«in can.® down, It would lilve M |,r'r '.Clare, so many pretty girls kissing Kosa in the coll porch of the Nuns' i luu-e, and that sunny little creature peeping outof it(unoui) icious of sly faces curved ou spout aud gable peeping at her), and waving farewells to the depicting coaches, as if Bhe represented the spirit of rosy youth abiding iu the place to keep it bright aud warm in its ilesei l ion. The hoarse High-street became musical u ltli the cry, in various silveiy voices— ' Good-bye, Rosebud, Darling,'* and the effigy of Mr. Sipsi a's father over the opposite doorway, teemed to say to mankind : ''Gentlemen, favour me with your attention to this charming little last lot left behind, and bid with a spirit worthy of the occasion Then tbe staid street, so unwontedly sparkling, youthful, and fresh for a few rippling moments, ran dry, and Cloisterham was itself agaiu. IfBoBebudin her bower now waited Edwin Drood's coming with an uneasy heart, Elwinfor hiB part was uneasy too. With far lessforo-i of purpose iu his coin poBibiuu uuu 1 iue uuuuutu ueauty, crowMeu oy acclama tion fairy queen of Miss Twinkleton's e tiblisumeut, lie had a conscience, aud Mr. Grewgious had pnekodit. That gentleman's steady convictions of nhat was right and what was wrong in such a case as his. were neither to be frowned aside, nor laughed aside. Tbey would not be moved. Bat for the dinner in Staple Inn, and but for the ring he carried in the breast-pocket of his coat, he would have drifted into their wedding-day without another pause for real thought, loosely trusting that all would go well, left alone. But that sei ious putting him on his truth to the living and the dead had brought him to a check. He must either give the ring to Rosa, or he must take it back. Once put into this narrowed way of action, it was curious that he began to consider Rosa's claim upon him more unselfishly than he had ever considered them before, and began I to bo less sure of himself than he had ever been in ail his easy-going days. I will be guided by what she says, and by how we B«t on,' was nia dtwtbion, walking from the Qate-house to the Nuns' Huuse. ' Whatever comes of it, I will bear bis words in mind, and try to be true to the living sad the dead.' Rosa was dressed for walking. She expected him. It was a bright frosty day, and Miss Twinkleton had already graciously sauctioned fresh air. Thus they got out together before it neoume necessary for either Miss xwuuueton, or tne u-puty High driest, Mis. Tisher, to lay even bo niucli as one of those usual offerings on the shrine of Propriety. 'My dear Eddy,' said Boss, when they had turned out of the High-street, and had got amoug the quiet walks in the neighbourhood of the Oathedral and the river: ' I want to say something very serious to you. I have been thinking about it for a long, long time. ' I want to be serious with you too, Rosa dear. I mean to be serious aud earnest,' ' Thank you, Eddy. And you will not think me unkind because I negin, will you? .You will not think I speak for myself only, because I speak first ? That would not be generous, would iti Aud I ku«w you are generous 1' He said : 'X hope I am not ungenerous to you, Rosa.' He called tier Pu»sy no more. Never again. ' And there is no fear,' pursued Rosa, ' 0^r quarrelling, is there? Because Eddy,' clasping her hand on his arm, ' we have so uuoh reason to beverv lenient to each other !' ' We will be, Rosa.' 'That's a dear good boy 1 Eddy, let us be coura geous. Let us change to brother and sister from this day forth.' ' Never be husband and wife ?v ' Never !' Neither spoke again for a little while. But after that pause he said, with some effort : ' Of course I know that this has been in both our minds, Rosa, and of oourse, I am in honour bound ta confess freely that it does not originate with you.' 'No, nor with you, dear,' she returned, with pathetic earnestness. 'It has sprung up between us. Vnn in i,n( I...,,..,. ? ? „ ? ° ' 4. . T ? i * . ? CUfcOgCIllCUV , i ttiu HOI truly nappy in it. O, I am so sorry, so sorry And there she broke into tears. 'I am deeply sorry too, Rosa. Deeply sorry for you.' ' And I for you, poor boy ! And I for you !' This pure young feeiiog, this gentle aud forbearing feeling of each towards tbe other, brought with it its reward in a softening light that seemed to shine cn their position. The relations between them did not look wilful, or capricious or a failure, in such a light ; they become elevated into something more (elf-denying, honourable, affectionate, and true. ' If we knew yesterday,' said Rosa, as she dried her eyes, ' and we did know yesterday, and on many, many yesterdays, that we were far from right together in t !»»' relations which were not of our own choosing, what better could we do to-day change them? It is natural ttlat we should be sorry, and you see how sorry we ooth are; but how much better to be sorry now thau then !' ' When, Rosa !' ? 'When it would be too late. And then we should beangrv, besides.' Another silence fell upon them. 'And you know,' said Rosa, innooenwy,_' you couldn't like me then ; and you can always like mo new, for I shall not be a drag upon you, or a worry to you. And I can always like you now, aipi jyour sister will not tease or trifle with you, I often aid when I was not your sister, and I beg your pardon for it' ' Don't let us come to that, Rosa ; or I shall want more pardoning thau l like to think of.' ' No, indeed, Eddy ; you are too hard, my generous boy, upon yourself. Let us sit down, brother, on these ruins, and let me tell vou how it was with ns. I think I know, for I have considered asout it very much since you were here last time. You liked _me, didn't you ? j You thought I was a nice little thing ?*' 'Every body thinks that, Rosa.' 'Do they?' She knitted her brow musingly for a moment, and then flashed out with the bright little iutrodnction ; ' Well ; but say they do. Surely it was not enough that you should think of roe, only as other people did ; now, was it ?' , 'And that is just what I mean— that is just how it was !with us,' said Rosa. ' You liked me very well, and you had grown used to me, and had grown used to the idea of our being married_ — You accepted the situation as an inevitable kind of thing didn't you? It was to be you thought, and why dis cuss or dispute it.' It was new and strango to him to have himselt pre sented to himself so clearly, in a glass of her huldiug up. He had always patronized her, in his superiority to her share of woman's wit. Was that but another instance of something radically amiss in the terms which they had beeu gliding towards a life-long bondage ? ' All this that I say of you, is true of me as well Eddy. Unless it was, I might not be bold enough to sny it. Only the difference between us was that by little and little there crept into my mind a habit of thinking , about it instead of dismissing it. My life is not so busy as yours, you see, and I have not so many things to think of. So I thought about it very inuoh, and I cried about it very much too (though that was not your fault, poor boy) ; when all at once my guar dian came down, to prepare for my leaving the Nuu's House. I tried to hint to him that I was not quite settled iu my mind, but I hesitated and failed, and he didn't understand me. But he is a good, good man. And he put before me so kindly, and yet so strongly, how seriously we ought to consider, iu our circum stances, that I resolved to speak to you the next moment we were alone and grave. And if I seemed to come to it easily just now, because I came to it all at once, don't think it was so really, Eddy, for O, it was very, very hard, and O, I am very, very Borry !' Her full heart broke into tears again. He put his arm about her waist, and they walked by the river side togetner. ' Your guardian has spoken to me too, Rosa dear. I saw him before I left London.' His right hand waB in his breast, seeking the ring ; but he checked it as he thought : ' If I am to take it back, why should I tell her of it ?' ' And that made you more serious about it, didn't it, Eddy ? And if I hod not spoken to you, as I have, you would have spoken to me ? I hope you can tell me so? I don't like it to be all my doing, though it is so i much better for us.' 'Yes, I should have spoken ; I should have put everything before you ; I came intending to do it. But I never could have spoken to you as you have spoken to me, Rosa.' ' Don't say you mean so coldly or unkindly, Eddy, please, if you can help it' ' I mean so sensibly and delicately, so wisely and affectionately.' ' That's my dear brother !' She kissed hiB hand in a little rapture. 'The dear girls will be dreadfully disappointed,' added Rosa, laughing, with the dew drops glistening in her bright eyes. 'They have looked forward to it so, poor pets 1' ' Ah ! But I fear it will be a worse disappointment to Jack,' said Edwin Drood, with a Btavt. 'I never thought of Jack !' Her swift and intent look at bim as he said the words, could no more be recalled than a flash of light ning can. But it appeared as though she would have instantly recalled it, if she could ; for she looked down, confused, aud breathed quickly. ' You don't doubt it's being a blow to Jack, Rosa,' She merely replied, and that evasively and hurriedly : Why should Bhe? She had not thought about it. He seeuied, to her, to have so little to do with it. ' My dear child ! Can yoa suppose that any one so wrapped up in another— Mr. Tope's expression : not mine —as Jack is in me, could fail to be struck all of a heap by such a sudden and complete change in ray life ? I say sudden, bcoause it will sudden to him, you know.' She nodded twice or thrice, and her lips parted as if she would have assented. But she uttered no sound, aud her breathing was no slower. ' How shall I tell Jack 1 ' said Edwin, ruminating. If he had been less occupied with the thought, he must have seen her singular emotion. ' I never thought of Jack. It must be broken to him, before the town crier knows it. I dine with the dear fellow to-morrow and next day — Christmas Eve and Christmas Day— but it would never do to spoil his feast days. Ho always wor ( iiTi about ine and moddley-coddleys in the merest triflf s. Tim news is sure to ovorS^ him. How on earth shall this hi broken to Jack.' ' He must be told, I suppose?' said Rosa. '? My dear Rosa ! Who ought to be in our confidence, if not Jack ?' ' My guardian promised to come down, if I should write and ask him. I am going to do so. Would you like to leave it to him ?' 'A bright idea !' cried Edirin, ' The other trustee. Nothing more natural. . He comes down, he goes to Jack, he relates what we have agreed upon, and he stntes our oase better than wo conld. Ho has already spoken feelingly to you, he has already apoken feelingly to ine, and he'll put the whole thing feelingly to Jack. That's it ! I am not a coward, Rosa, but to tell you a secret, I am a little afraid of Jack.' ' No, no ! You are not afraid of him ?' cried Rosa, turnine white and clasnine her hands. ' Why sister Rosa, sister RoBa, what do you see from the turret?' Baid Edwin, rallying her. 'My dear girl.' 'You frightened me.' ' Most unintentionally, but I am as sorry as if I had meant to do it Could you possibly suppose for a moment-., from any loose way ot speaking of mine, that I was liteially afraid of the dear fond fellow? what I mean is, that he is subjeot to a kind of paroxysm, or fit— I saw him in it once — and I don't know but that so great a surprise, coming apon him direct from me whom he is so wrapped up in, might bring it on per haps. Whioh— and this is the secret I was going to tell you— is another reason for yeur guardian's making the communication. He is so steady, precise, and exaot, that he will talk Jack's thoughts into shape, in no time : whereas with me Jack is always impulsive and hurried, and, I may say, almost womwish.' Rosa seemed convinced. Perhaps from her own j rery different point of view 'Jack,' she felt comforted I Kiln protected by the interposition of Mr. Grewgious between herself and him. And now, Edwin Drood's right hand closed again upon the ring in its little case, and again was checked by tha consideration : 'It is certain now that I am to give it back to him ; then why should I tell her of it ?' That pretty systematic nature which could be so sorry for him in the blight of their childish hopes of happi ness together, and could so quietly find itself alone in a woild to weave fresh wreaths of such flowers as it might prove to bear, the old world's flowers being withered, would be grieved by those sorrowful jewels ; and to what purpose ? Why should it be ? They were but a Bi^n of broken joys and baseless projects; in their very beauty, they were (as the unlikeliest of men had said) almost a cruel satire on the loves, hopes, plans, of humanity, which are able to forecast nothing, and are so much brittle dust. Let them be. He would restore them to her guardian when he came down ; he in his turn would restore them to the cabinet from which he had unwillingly taken them ; and there, like old letter or old vows, or other record! of old aspira tions come to nothing, they j:-- ~~-.rded, until being valuable, ^tliey were sold into ciVSSktion agau.., *u repean xormeF round. Let them be. Let them he unspoken of, in the breast However distinctly or indistinctly he enter tained these thoughts, he arrived at the conclusion, Let them be. Among the mighty store of wonderful chains that are for ever forging, day and night, in the vast iron-works of time and circumstance, there was one chain forged in the moment of that email conclusion, rivetted to the foundations of heaven and earth, and gifted with invincible force to hold and drat. They walked on by the river. They began to speak of their separate plans. He wonld quicken his depar ture from England, and she would remain where she was, at least sb long as Helena remained. The poor doar girls should have their disappointment broken to them gently, and, as the first preliminary, Miss Twinkleton should be confided iu by Rosa, even in advance of the reappearance of Mr. Grewgious. It I should be made clear in all quarters that she and 1 Edwin were the best of friends. There had njver been so serene an understanding between them since they were first affianced. And yet there was one reservation on each side; on hers, tbat she intended through her guardian to withdraw herself immediately from the tuition of her music-master ; on his, that he did already entertain some wandering speculations whether it might ever come to pass that he would know more of Miss Landless. The bright frosty day declined as they walked and spoke together. The Bun dipped in the river far behind them, and the old oiiy lay red before them, as their walk drew to a close. The moaning water cast its staweed duskily at their feet, when they torn to , leave Its margin ; and the rooks hoversd about ithem with hoarse ovies, darker splashes in the darkening air. ' I will prepare Jack for my flitting soon,' said Bdwin, in a low voice, 'and I will but see your guardian when he comes, and then go before they speak together. It will be better done without my i being there. Don't you think so?' I 'Yes.' ' We know we have done right, Rosa ?' ' We know we are better so, even now J' 'And shall be far, far, better so, by-and-bye.' Still, there was that lingering tenderness in their heart towards the old positions they were relinquishing, that they prolonged their parting. When they came among the elm trees by consent, and Rosa raised her face to his, as she had never raised it in her old dayB ; —for they were old already. i ' God bless yon, dear 1 UoOd-bye ! ' God bless you, dear 1 Goed-bye 1' They kissed each other, fervently. ' Now, pleaBe take me home, Eddy, and let me he by myself.' ' Don't look round, Rosa,' he oautioned her, as he drew her arm through his and led her away. Didn't you sne Jack ?' 'No! Where?' ' Under the trees. He saw us, as we took leave of each other. Poor fellow 1 he little thinks we have parted. This will be a blow to him, I am much afraid 1' She hurried on, without resting, and hurried on until they had passed under the Gate House into the street ; once there, Bbe asked : ' Has he followed us? You can look without seem ing to. Is he eenind : 'No. Yes 1 he is 1 He has, just passed out under the gateway. The dear sympathetic old fellow likes to keep ns in sight. I am afraid he will be bitterly dis appointed I' She pulled hurriedly at the handle of the hoarse old bell, and the gate soon opened. Before going in, she gave him one last wide wondering look, as if she would have asked him with imploring emphasis : 'O 1 don't you understand ?' And out of that look he vanished from her view. Ohapteb XIV.— When shall these Theee meet AGAIN ? Christmas Eve in Cloisterham. A few strange faces in the streets ; a few other faces, half ' strange and half familiar, once the faces of Cloisterham children, now the faces of men and women who come back from the outer world at long intervals to find the j city wonderfully shrunken in size, as if it had not | washed by any means well in the meanwhile. To i these, the Btriking of the cathedral clock, and the cawing of the rooks from the cathedral tower, are like voices of their nursery time. ' To such as these, it has happened in their dying hour afar off, that they nave imagined tneir chamber floor to he strewn with the autumnal leaves fallen from the elm trees in the Close ; so have the rustling sounds and fresh scents of their earliest impressions, revived, when the circle of their lives was very nearly traced, and the beginning and the j end were drawing close together. _ j Seasonable tokens are about. Red berries shine j here and there in the lattices of Minor Canon Corner ; Mr. and Mrs. Tope are daintily sticking sprigs of holly ; into the carvings and sconces of the cathedral stalls, as j if they were sticking them into the coat- buttonholes : of the Dean and Chapter. Lavish profusion is in the ! shopB : particularly in the articles of currants, | raisins, spices, candied peel, and moist sugar. An I unusual air of gallantry and dissipation is abroad ; j evinced in an immense bunch of mistletoe hanging in j the greengrocer's shop doorway, and a poor little i Twelfth Cake, culminating in the figure of a Harlequin — such a very poor little Twelfth Cake, that one would ( rather call it a Twenty Fourth Cake, or a Forty Eighth j Cake— to be raffled for at the pastrycook's, terms one : shilling per member. Public amusements are not j wanting. The Wax-Work which made so deep an j impressien on the reflective mind of the Emperor of i China is to be seen by particular desire during Christ mas Week only, on the premises of the bankrupt livery-stable keeper up the lane ; and a Dew grand comic Christmas pantomime is to be produoed at the Theatre : the latter heralded by the portrait of Signor Jacksonini the clown, saying, 'How do you do to morrow ?' quite as large as life, and almost as miser able. In short. Cloisterham is up aud doing : though from this description the High School and Miss Twinkleton's are to be excluded. From the former establishment, the scholars have gone home, every one j of them in love with one of Miss Twinkleton's young ladies (who knows nothing about it) ; and only the handmaidens fluttei occasionally in the windows of the latter. It is noticed, by-the-bye, that these dam sels become, within the limits of decorum, more skittish when thus entrusted with the concrete representation of their sex, _ than when dividing the representation with Miss Twinkleton's young ladies. Three are to meet at the Gate House to-night. How does each one of the three get through the day ? Neville Landless, though absolved ffom his books for the time by Mr. Crisparkle — whose fresh nature is by no means insensible to the charm of a holiday — reads and writes in his quiet room, with u concentrated air, until it is two hours past noon. He then sets himself to cleaning his table, to arranging his book, and to tearing up and burning his stray papers. He makeB a clean sweep of all untidy accumulations, puts all his drawers in order, and leaves no note or Bcrap of paper uudestroyed, save such memoranda as bear distinctly on his studies. This done he turns to his wardrobe, selects a few articles of ordinary wear -among them, change of stout shoes and socks for walking— and packs these in a knapsack. This knapsack is new, und ne bought it in the Hig'n-slreet yesterday. He also purchased, at the Bame time and at same place a heavy walking stick : strong in the handle for the grip of the hand, and iron-shod. He tries this, swings it, poises it, and lays it by, with the knapsack, on a window seat By this time bis arrangements are complete. He dresses for going out, and is in the act of going — indeed has left his room, and has met the Minor Canon on the staircrse, coming out of his bed-room upon the same story- when he turns back ngain fer his walking stick, thinking he will carry it now. Mr. Crisparkle, who has paused on the staircase, sees it in his hand on his immediately reappearing, takes it from him, and asks him with a smile how he looses a stick? | ' Peally I don't know that I understand the sub ieot.' he answers. ' I ohoose it for itB weight' ' Much too heavy, Neville ; much too heavy.' ' To rest upon in a long walk, Sir ?' 'Rest upon?' repeated Mr. Crisparkle, throwing, himself into pedestrian form. ' You don't rest upon it ; you merely balance with it.' I shall know better, with practice, sir. I have not lived in a walking country, you know.' 'True,' BayB Mr. Crisparkle. 'Get into a little training, and wf will' have a few Bcore miles together. I should leave you nowhere now. Do you oome back before dinner ?' ' I think not, as we dine early.' Mr. Crisparkle gives him a bright nod and a cheerful good-bye : expressing (not without intention), absolute confidence ana ease. Neville repairs to the Nuns' House, and requests that Miss Landless may be informed that her brother is there, by appointment He waits at the gate, not even crossing the threshold ; for he is on his parole not to put himself in Rosa's war. His sister is at least as mindful of the obligation they have taken on themselves, as he can be, and loses not a moment in joining him. They meet affection ately, avoid lingering there, and walk towards the upper inland country. ' I am not going to tread upon forbiddea ground, Helena,' says Neville, when they have walked some distance and are turning ; ' yon -will understand in another moment that I cannot help referring to— what Bhall I say — my infatuation.' 'Had you not better avoid it, Neville? You know that I can hear nothing.' ' You can hear, my dear, what Mr. Crisparkle has heard, and heard with approval.' ' Yes ; I oan hear so much,' ' Well, it is this. I am not only only unsettled and unhappy myself, but I am conscious of unsettling and interfering with other people. How do I know that, but for mv unfortunate presenoe, you, and— and— the rest of that former party, our engaging guardian excepted, might be dining cheerfully in Minor Canon Corner to-morrow f Indeed it probably would be so. I can see too well that I am not high in the old lady's opinion, and it is easy to understand what an irksome J plog I must be upon the hospitalities of her orderly I house, especlail.' this time ef year— when I must be j kept asunder from this pert6n, ana there is such a reason for my not being brought into contact with that person, and an unfavourable reputation has preceded me with such another person,' and so on. I have put this very gently to Mr. Crisparkle, for you know his self denying ways, hut still I have put it. What I have laid much greater stress upon at the same time is, that I am engsged in a miserable struggle with myself, and that a little change and absence may enable me to come though it the better. So, the weather being bright and hard, I am going on a walking expe dition, aad intend taking myself out of everybody's way (my own included, I hope), to-morrow morning.' ' When to come back ?' In a fortnight.' 'And going quite alonej?' 'I am much better without company, even if there were any one but you to bear me company, my [dear Helen*.'' *'Mr. Crisparkle entirely agrees, yflu say ?' Entirely. I am not sure but that at first he was inolined to think it rather a moody soheme, and one that might jdo a brooding mind harm. But we took a moonlight walk, last Monday night, to talk it over at leisure, and I represented the case to him as it really is. I showed him that I do want to conquer myself, and that, this evening well got over, it is surely better that I should be away from here just now, than here. I could hardly help meeting certain people walking together here, and that could do no good, and is oertainly not the way to forget A fortnight hence, that chance will probably be over, for the time ; and when it again arises for the last time, why, I can again Seaway. Farther, I really do feel hopeful of bracing | exercise and wholesome fatigue. You knew that Mr. Crisparkle allows' such tlungs their (nil weight in tbe preservntion of his own sound mind in his own sound body, and that his just spirit is not likely to maintain oue set of natural laws for himself and another for me. He yielded to my view ot the matter, when oonvinced that I was honestly in earnest, and so, with hi* full consent, I start to-morrow morning. Early enough to be not only out of the streets, but out of hearing of the bells, when the good people go to churoh.' | Helena thinks it over, ani tlilhkg will of it. Mr. Oiisparkle doing so, sue would do so; but she does originally, out of her own mind, think well of it, as a healthy project, denoting a sincere endeavour, and an active attempt at self-correction. She is inclined to pity him, poor fellow, for going away_ solitary on the great Christmas festival ; but she feels it much more to the purpose to encourage him. And she does encourage him. He will write to her i He will write to her evety alternate day, aud tell her all his adventures. Does he send clothes on, in advance of him? 'My dear Helena, no. Travel like a pilgrim, with wallet and staff. My wallet — or my knapsack — is packed, end ready for strapping on ; and here is my staff 1' He hahds it to her ; she makes the same remark as Mr. Crisparkle, that it is very heavy ; and gives it back to him, asking what wood it is? Iron- wood. Up to this point, he has been extremely cheerful. Perhaps, the having to carry his case with her, and therefore to present it in its brightest aspect, haB roused his spirits. Perhaps, the having done so with success, is followed by a revulsion. As the day closes in, aud the city lights begin to spring up before thein, he grows depressed. ' I wish I were not going to this dinner, Helena,' ' Dear Neville, is it worth while to care much about it? Think how soon it will be over.' ' How soon it will be over,' he repeats gloomily. ' Yoa. But I don't like it' There may be a moment's awkwardness, she oheer ingly represents to him, but it can only last a moment. He is quite sure of himself. 'I wish I felt as sure of eveiything else, as I feel ef myself,' he answers her. ' How strangely you speak dear 1 What do you mean?' ' ' Helena, I don't know. I only know that I don't like it What a strange dead weight there is in the air !' [to be continued.] 