A VISIT FROM THE DEAD. ; HALL A RAT KT.VR, 13ril JULY. Sergeant Larnor has been called upon to act as adviser to tho Chineso at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon, who some years since acted as Chineso interpreter at Dallarat, waited on the sergeant to ask his advico upon, a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night ho was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at tho door. Ho got out of lied and looking out, saw vanishing in tho dark ness! a misty row of figures, with Chinoso countenances, and olothod in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more, returned to his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and this time whon Ah . Coon went to the door, he says tho figure! we're more distinct, ahd he saw that the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman, with a long white heard. Again the procession of "ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before lie opened the door. Ho was sure his visitors woro from the othor world, and ho .mentally re viewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead aud left them unfulhlied. He suddenly re collected that when the cemetory authorities had on account of tho dancer objected to the burning of paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a amall fire-place and chimney erected there for , the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at differeut times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, aud he was sure that this aconitnted for tbo visits of Hie ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah Ooon went to the door, and found tho gho3ts drawn up in a semicircle before him. Ho addressed the venerable leader in Chi nese, promising to have bhe chimuey erected, and apologising for bringing them out in such weather. immediately the ghosts | vanished. Ah Coon hai built the chimney and fire-place, and has sinco slept undis turbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant. of another ghostly adventure, somo years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by somcthingpnlling his shoulder, and when he opened his oyos he saw a large cat with a white breast stcuding bosidohim. Ho knew, from tho cat's behavior, thatit was not of this earth, but it did not appear to un derstand Chineso when he addressed it in that language, and the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then re membered that in China, tho land of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or com plaints, but thero was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, now- ever, soon overcamo all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron tea tray, and having smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The whito-breastcd cat understood at once. With ono of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on tho tea tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drivo at Lung Gully, uoar Croswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from tho claim and decently buried, mid begged that if such a thing as an inquest was held, tho body might not bo mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next mormtig he states that ho rode to Long Gully, found tho body as described, and had it buriod after an in quest, at whioh there was no post mortem examination, had been hold. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to adviso him as to what, he should do iu the event of another visit of' the samo kind, but Larner informed him that the thing was " out of his line." 