MODERN SPIRITISM. NO. VIII. SUMMAR. Having waded through the dreary swamps and morasses of Spiritist contradictions in fact, and infer ence from those facts; having pondered over its “futile philosophy and maudlin religiousness;” having examined its caricature of hell and; heaven, and lis tened to its marvels in the way of manifestations here —marvels so wondrously provocative of laughter) and so impotently feeble for any good or common-sense purpose, shall we reject the whole thing as a delusion, and contemptuously spurn it as beneath our notice? By no means, ' Croire toat ddcouvort est uno erreur profondo, C’est prendre I’horizon pour les homes du mondo. This has ever been the tendency of the human mind from the earliest times until now, and I question if it was ever more marked than at present. “We do well ‘ occasionally to remember so weighty assaying as that of Abercrombie, “ An unlimited scepticism • is part of a contracted mind, which reasons upon imperfect data or makes its own knowledge and extent of : observa tion the standard and test of probability.” Let us pause therefore before we dismiss the whole subject of Spiritism as an idle tale or a vain delusion. Let us hold for a moment before we either denounce it altogether as a fraud, or ridicule it as an hysterical self- deception. There is truly room enough for both denunciation and ridicule, but let us see if there is not also room for serious and attentive consideration. I despair of being able to condense the enormous field here opened before me, and shall therefore content myself with presenting in the briefest form a few general thoughts on the subject, and I would begin by saying that it has been justly said that “ the world 1 is governed by forces, but forces of which, we really know nothing; we only hide our ignorance under the high-sounding names of attraction, repulsion, chemical, electrical, vital, and so forth.” If this may bo truly said with reference to the physical world, how much more truly may it be said with reference to the mental. Who has yet lifted that mysterious veil which seems to hang over our natures wherever sympathy, will, affections, repulsions, and such like facts and features of character are concerned. We know our passions in their developments; we may hate or may love, may be conscious of shrinking from or drawing near some one. Of these mere facts we are in some rough, crude way conscious; but of the subtleties or subtle repel liiucies what do we know of their essence; of what they are themselves, . Mind acts on mind, soul sways soul, yet how or by what operation we are yet in almost darkest ignorance. Shall we, therefore, cease to enquire, or give up the problem as insoluble ? Surely not; the very difficulties of the question should spur us on to further enquiry. In our common walks of every day life are we not constantly met by those whom we either like or- dislike from some cause unknown and inexplicable to ourselves? X)o wo not find minds commanding and imperative to whose wishes we seem to yield unquestioning assent, or others whom we in turn can sway or bend ? These are the most ordinary facts of every-day life, and most'important they are, but when we pass from ordinary to. the extra ordinary—from the normal to the abnormal —how mysterious become the operations of the faculties. Here the phenomena of Spiritism are at once rivalled, for the simple reason that Spirit ism is but the 'development of these phenomena withits own superstitious added. Take the mere facts of the simplest form of somnambulism—how marvellous are its results. In it you have all the powers of sight without seeing, of memory that in waking moments is forgetfulness, of powers (such as swimming, untying knots, &c.;), which in ordinary life have no existence, and most marvellous of all of the acutest reasoning without consciousness. Ascend but a step higher and take the phenomena of trance. and you have in it a development of powers which might almost be termed supernatural did we not know that our knowledge of the laws of the natural is so limited that we require to understand the ordinary before we can pass beyond that. Ascend but a step higher still and in mesmerism you find phenomena the most marvellous of all. Observe the process of mesmerism, by merely natural’ means the mind is concentrated on one single object until n sort of unnatural sleep super venes and the mind is left vacant as far as personal will-power is concerned. In this, in my judgment, we. have the key to the whole phenomena. It is the will which sways and commands the whole of the faculties, it is the will which directs the whole machine, in a word the will is the personality , and, once surrendered, the whole fabric of the mind is, os a personality, gone, and is but a plastic material in the hands of the ope rator, Observe bat the commonest manifestation by the most ordinary mesmerist, whether public or pri vate: does he say it is cold, his subject shivers; does he say it is hot, his subject pants; let him cry out that he will be drowned, the wildest struggles for life are enacted: in a word, the mere imaginings of the mesmerist are the direst;-rea3ities to the mesmerised: his faculties are there' trnl/,-)fcut the governing power is gone. Observe that \in all this there requires to bo a certain attfuotioja towards the mesmerist, a certain community of sensation, otherwise his or her power is gone. Vi ho seen those on whom the most noted public performers could make no im pression, and to whom therefore the phenomena of mesmerism was a dead letter so for as their ‘ own per sonal experience was conoerncd. Further, as another development of very remarkable but still natural powers, who has not been astonished beyond measure at the singular phenomena as exhibited by the Hellers, or by Mr Farlow and his son. Let me put this question—Suppose that either Mr Heller or Mr Farlow were to affirm that these things were done by spirit communication would they not convert thou sands to their faith ? There are phenomena done before the eyes of the acutest and, in some instances, scientific men, and yet the explanation is in no way forthcoming as. to how and by what means they are done. Have we not remarkable instances on reeprd where persons in a peculiar trance state have read letters which were in an adjoining room when a chain of persons was formed, the nearest touching the tranced one, and the farthest off touch ing the letter ? Have we not had the phenomena of ordinary sleepwalkers or somnambulists describing events at a distance who spumed in their waking moments any theory of spirit influence ? Whilst under mesmeric influence,' have we not witnessed dancing, speaking, singing, attitudinising such as we knew those same persons were incapable of in their ordinary moments ? The history of the world is filled with illustrations of times of exaltation and ecstatic frenzy when men did acts surpassing their ordinary acts utterly. We have records of singular delusions’ which at their times were marvellous beyond measure, and seemingly inexplicable, yet explana tions have been found. Not wholly satisfactory in all oases I admit, nor can we expect that as we are as yet but on the outskirts of this subject, the whole explanation can be at once given. Enough, however, seems to meto be'known to justify some theory such as this—ln the ordinary facts, of nature we have pheno mena in somnambulism marvellous enough in them selves to show us that we know almost nothing ot cer tain merely natural operations. 1 refer, as I men tioned before, to seeing without sight, to intelligence without consciousness, to developed faculties, in creased powers of perception, and above all to con sciousness of objects or occurrences without the range of ordinary physical powers. In electricity we have now as usual occurrences that which would have been regarded as miraculous a century or two ago, but in mesmerism we have the culminating point. I reason thus:—lf there be a power within one man so strong that he may influence the faculties of another to a belief in what he asserts; if I see that this is in an extreme form, what I am aware is in lesser degree in operation in all humanity; if I know that the mind of man is some curious storehouse in which bygone events seem to bo pictured and removed away only again to be seen by that mental effort we call me mory, may I not, therefore, believe that as some men may influence the minds of other men so as to throw the stronger in to the weaker and make the impres sions of the former that of the latter, may I not also believe it possible that by some mysterious hobd of sympathy, some identity or Community of mind (not more inexplicable than ordinary mesmerism) it may be also possible for the mind 0 f the stronger to take possession of that of the weaker, so that the thoughts of the latter are in the actual possession of the former; in other words I can believe it possible that/there are certain constitutions or constitutional affinities, if I may so term it, which so approach each other: that under certain conditions the mind of the medium may be conscious of the very thoughts of the -person with whom he or she may be brought en rapport, and so it may come to _ pass that an investigator asking some medium for information upon acertain event at the moment of asking thinks of certain facts in con nection with that event, the mind of the medium being fully in affinity with the mind of the enquirer is conscious of the thought, and at once reads and out to the enquirer the very facts he was then thinking of. This is.a great admission, I grant but it is a strictly natural one, and eli minates every element; of spirit influence of whatever sort ; it would be still a scientific fact of the most refined order. But, nerhaps some may say—This is -no explanation of the vaster marvels of Spiritism; you give no key to the pheno mena of the extraordinary philological, scientific, and historical discourses pronounced by various media themselves unlearned; you do not tell us how men may visit every part of the globe, may tell what is occurring ten thousand miles off, may paint pictures in miraculously short time, may foretell or prophesy about the future; you do not enlighten us as to the cure of diseases, the raising of immense weights, the carrying of bodies through solid walls, andsoon; your explanation may cover certain mysterious ground, but it leaves uncovered certain still more mysterious. I confess ..at .once ~ it does not For all these marvels-I really-' concede a supernatural origin is the - most-" feasible - expla nation. ' Shall . we,- however, discuss them seriously;' l shaUwe consider'these 'marvels' as worthy of invests, gation, I hardly, think we heed. Here,is ; a system which for over twenty years has professed to have powers the most.transcendent and astounding, yet so far has been utterly impotent > for any good or useful end. ' When I see l this ' system, which professes :to have at its command the profoundest scientific know ledge, add something to science such as men knew, nothing of before; when I learn it has solved some of the disputed question's; of; history ; by ’; the ’ aid of those ’ historical personages .with whom it is said to be in constant communication ; when I hear, of lives saved from . danger by the same" power which ' can niove immense weights or transport heavy bodies for miles; when :I find those spirits, who are so filled with benevolence that they give medical advice to media so as to gain I a living, enter into our hospitals and there cure disease; when I find pictures .painted by the old, masters of merit enough to rival their former produc tions; when day by 'day media will tell us of events transpiring elsewhere of national and perhaps world wide importance; when, turning from the despicable occupation of giving “ straight tips" of racing events, the powers of prophesying claimed by Spiritists are turned to great events of the future worthy of our attention; when I find crime detected and assistance given against the vampires of society by the spirits who are so anxious to help us in all good works: in a word when I find ithe powers claimed by a few fanati cal and diseased peopletumed to someworthyandgood account, when I see some demonstrations of power done before the . world, then and then only will I believe in spirit influence, and spirit power, then will I become a Spiritist. ;; - • But for the present it is. enough to know that we have in this system pretensions to powers the most marvellous, coupled with performances the most feeble .and despicable; we.have a system of theology as its outcome, in which we find mingled : the blankest Atheism with the most credulous and deplorable su perstition; we have a philosophy so-called in which not one single proposition is agreed upon by its founders, but rather an eclecticism, which has chosen the worse instead of . the better features of those older faiths it affects to look down on with contempt, we have for its. here after a heaven we despise and a hell we can but laugh at; in a word we have a mass of contra dictions, a maze of word-puzzling propositions in its theory, and for its credentials we have manifestations so low intellectually, so utterly despicable in ouf time, and we are assured that all the old ghost stories, all the old legends of midnight horrors, sheeted ghosts, and such Uko, all these old nursery tales which have dis appeared before the enlightenment of the present as a miasma before the rising sun, that these are its cre dentials in the past. It is enough tc know these things to reject Spiritism totally as a supernatural revelation, or to believe it to be aught eise than some at present occult force of nature which, being but par tially understood in its manifestations, has given rise to this revivified belief in nigh dead superstitions) and in the wildest and most unreasoning credulity. It is, however, but a phase of belief and, as a phase, will pass away. There is a paralysis of unbelief when men lose sight of the nobler part of themselves and in unreasoning incredulity reject the intuitions of that part of their nature winch transcends and is beyond reason; so also is there a paralysis of credulity which in weak and feeble natures becomes debased into gross and miserable. superstition. Spiritism is one phase of the lattei, and of the former os well; it is a curious compound of faith and un belief. Many Spiritists cry oui against the folly of those who believe in immortality, yet reject Spiritism, which, as they say, is the demonstration of that immor tality. When our immortality requires the aid of table turning, table-tapping, accordion-playing, leg-pinching, and so on for its physical .manifestations; when it pre sents an hysterical and unreal sentimentality, a vapid and wordy philosophy, a contradictory and , self destructive theology as its intellectual side, we may justly reject this immortality as a poor delusion, as but one form of dementia, as a spurious thing to be rejected and spumed. Doubtless it will have its day, but ultimately it will fall and perish—it will die before the brighter light of knowledge, the juster ap prehension of tho truths of nature and of God. When that time will come who can tell ? but that it will come is sure and certain, for as falsehood will die, .so will Spiritism die, as superstition will pass away, so will Spiritism pass away ; for Spiritism in the main is both. It .has its grains of truth truly, but' they are grains indeed in comparison to its bulk of disease, imposture, and self-delusion. But they will pass away, and to the future historian of our times will be left this curious reflection: that side by side in one generation were found a highly scientific enlightenment, an utter incredulity as to all ghost and phantom stories, a perfect disbelief in all supernatural powers-whatever,, the moat unscientifloe^lauati&ns.of;'\ natural/phenomena, together with tho most aujitE—i q tious bpliof in phantoms, spirits, an(Dsupemat§^i jj communications. Very curious have the plSr:j4'< of since the 'world' bogaa/Swit fewTiave' been more curious than this. ’ ‘ ~ I now conclude, painfully conscious of having taxed your own and your readers’ patience to an extraordi nary extent. My subject grew on me as I proceeded, and this can be my only apology. If, however, I have added anything to the general stock of information on the subject, if I have written anything to show the true character of this system in opposition to the false and unreal pictures drawn by Spiritists amongst us, I shall have been fully repaid and my trouble amply recompensed. ' , J. C. United Methodist. Free 'cHDilciiEs,—The repre sentatives of the United Methodist Free Churches in this and the other Australian colonies commenced their annual sittings in the 1 Church street Church, Bichmond, oh Thursday momiig. At ten o’clock the proceedings were commenced\ by the Rev. T. A. Bayley giving out the 478th hymn, and the Rev. Richard Millar and Brother Elingsworth engaging in prayer. The certificates of the Representatives of the various circuits were next considered, and the meeting declared duly constituted. The, election of officers for the ensuing year next took place, which resulted in the re-election of the Rev. T. 'A. Bayley as chair man, Mr J. Roberts as district secretary, and MrJ. Toon as treasurer. The Revs. S. Ij. Rothwell, T. B. Swift, and Messrs Ellingsworth, \J. "Woods, and Mitchell were appointed as the statiming committee; ahd the Revs. R. Millar, J. Walked and Brothers Toon and Dean as the financial comnittee. Commu nications were then read from Baiarat, Ipswich, Geelong, East Collingwood, and Lillpdale, and re ferred to the various committees hi their con sideration and report. After an adjournment of,an hour for lunoh, the afternoon sittings weie commenced by prayer, after Which communication! were, read from the Hobart Town, Murchison, Rushlrotth, Walk end, Richmond, Sandhurst, Williamstowi and Plea sant Greek Circuits. The numerical statement was then read, by which it appeared that there Were at tho present time in the colonies 21 ministeiß, 56 local preachers, 51 leaders, 879 members, with (B on trial; 40 churches, 27 other preaching rooms, i) Sunday schools, 302 teachers, and 2437 scholars, being an in crease on the past year of 30 members, 5 churches, with 11 other preaching places, 5 Sabbath schools, 30 teachers, and 187 scholars. The chairman,\ having made a few remarks upon the report as presented, brought the day ’s sittings to a close by prayer at half past five p.m. In the evening, the Rev. T. A. Bayley, chairman of the district, delivered a sermon in the same place, from the words “ 1 charge thee, therefore, before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom, preach the word, be instant in season, out of season, reprove, re buke, exhort with all long suffering and doctrine:” After the conclusion of tho discourse, the Revs. S. U. Rothwell, minister of the Richmond church, and John Westacott, from Rushworth, were received into full connexion, ’ having served their required probation ship, and passed the usual'examinations.— Age, 28th December. Walter Montgomery.—-We find in ihe-Nottinglmm and Midland Counties fidlhj Express, of 7th October, the following curious pendant to the Montgomery tragedy:—“We are informed that owing to the com plicated nature of the late Mr Montgomery’s affairs, his widow is Unable to return to America for some months, and during that time tins young lady will make her appearance as a reader of high class litera ture through the principal towns of England. In ac cordance with her desire to appear at the first place Mr Montgomery read at on has return to England, Mrs Montgomery will make her debut at the Mechanics’- hall here early in November, and claim the indulgence of the generous Nottingham public, so highly . esteemed and praised by her husband. Mrs Montgo mery intended following her late husband’s profession had he lived; arrangements were made for her appear ance in conjunction with him in the leading Shake sperian and legitimate characters during his in tended Australian visit. Before appearing on the stage (her ultimate intention when time and study shall permit) she will appear on the plat form as a reader,-and will attempt the late Mr Montgomery’s chef d’ceuvre, ‘ The Bells,’ also a selec tion drom ‘ Hamlet, V including Ophelia’s mad scene. "We hear that, in ituditiou to great personal charms, the lady is the possessor of a very fine voice, ofwhich we shall have opportunity of judging in the delight ful snatches of song allotted to Ophelia. Mrs Walter Montgomery is the eldest daughter of Dr Isaac Bige low, of Boston,|U,S.A., and has just completed her twenty-first year. With youth, beauty,, and a great name, she needs only diligence and study to preserve it untarnished, and to claim as a right-the highest honors in the dramatic world.” ‘ • 