GENERAL NEWS. An inquest has been commenced at Castlemaine on the body of Henry Trebble, who died in the hospital, on Saturday, from bleeding, brought on, as it appeared, by a blow given him by his employer, Charles Dale. The evidence went to show that, on the 6th inst., Dale and the de ceased were in a public house, when Dale became very excited, and struck Trebble in the face. Trebble fell, and in falling struck against a heavy butcber's tray. The blow he received caused his nose to bleed, and the hemorrhage came on at intervals after- wards in spite of all the efforts of the hospital surgeons. To any ordinary man the case would have been but one of com- mon nose bleeding, but the constitution of deceased had a tendency to hemorrhage. When Dale was first told that the deceased was in danger, he staggered, and nearly fell saying, "Good God, don't say that, doctor." He was too ill to attend the inquest, which was therefore adjourned that his presence might be procured. An old man named Ellis, formerly a re- spectable grocer in Hobart Town, but lately reduced to selling matches in the street, was found dead in his bed a few days ago, having shot himself with a pistol. The uowly-arrived Chinese giant, Chang Woo Gow, made his bow for tho first time bofore a Melbourne audience on Thursday last. Chang has a world wide fame, having, though only 24 years of age, been six years on his travels. His height is said to be 8ft. 1 in., and his weight over 8001b. His manner is quiet and unassuming. Chang lias pitched his jcnmp at St. George's-hall, where the seats have been cleared away so as to make a prom enade of the body of the hall. In the centre there is a small space enclosed, with a Sort of oounter at each end, upon which are exhibited^ variety of Chinese and Japanese articles, also photographs of'Chang and his wife. These are sold by Mr. and Mrs. Chang and a remarkably sharp little Chinese boy. As for a per formance, there is nothing of the sort attempted. The giant appears first in Chinese costume and afterwards in a suit of tweed, the former becoming him muoh more than the European dress. To see him standing a short distance off, when surrounded by a crowd of ques tioners, gives one the idea of a man of fair height among schoolboys. Kin Foo, Chang's wife, otherwise " the golden lily," also attracts a good deal of attention. The hall was fairly attended, and those present seemed well satisfied with tho A melancholy accident - occurred on Thursday evening at Mr. Liddle's brewery, Albury. A man named Joseph Scates, one of the hands employed in brewing, was engaged in examining one of the boilers of liquor, when he suddenly lost his balance and fell into the soalding liquid. The poor man was at once rescued from his fearful position, and conveyed to the ad joining hospital, where every possible attention was paid to him, but without avail. Death came 'to the relief of the sufferer on Friday morning. It is stated in n Queensland journal that a powder flask, marked " Leiehardt 54, has been found on the Aramao, near its junction with the Thomson. Slight trace though it be of the lost explorer, it is sufficient, the same paper thinks, to render a duty to make a fresh effort to discover Dr. Leiehardt. ! A publican at Wangaratta has attempted to get the better of the Publicans Statute by giving away beer gratis on the Sunday, the liquor being drunk outside his house, However, the police summoned him for Sunday trading, and the Bench fined him, agreeing, however, to state a case for the opinion of the Supreme Court. "For tho last two years," says the Ballarat Star, t4 the rearing of silkworms has been carried on rather extensively by Miss Frazer, at the residence of Mr, H, B, Chalmers, Sturt-street, and this lady has taken the prizes offered for Victorian silk at the last two exhibitions of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society. Miss Frazer has now about 12,000 cocoons ready for winding. The silk that has been wound was exhibited at the late show of the Agricultural and Pastoral Society, and attracted a good deal of attention. The task of winding the silk from the 12,000 cocoons, with tho rather primitive machines Miss Frazer has, is a formidable one." The Argus of Thursday last reports "A case worthy of the serious considera tion of persons about to marry came before SS.S11? C«ou.r,t yesterday. A man named William Baldwin and his wife, living in Latrobe-street west, were charged with creating a disturiance at 4 o'clock on Wednesday morning. The husband stated to the Bench that six months ago he was a master tradesman, in a good financial position, and president of the Druids' Society, and but for the evil courses of his wife he would have been in afairway to make a fortune; IIe: had been obliged to give up his honourable position in the Druids Society . because he found that directly he went.to attend lodge meetings .she went out,:keeping improper oompany and drinking., Then she took a mania for moving, and had shifted her residence at least eight times during the last few i montb3. She used to get drunk uud break the furniture and assault him 5 on one occasion she struck lrim on the head with ft g ue-pot, mid «Jaid him up for several m2?« J I8 ®fTe,ct.50". }la(1 withstood the many tnals to which n had been subjected but her infidelities had become so glaring that now he only wished to part from her Aa the man's statements, so far as bis wife was concerned, were fully borne out by the 1 !f ? Charged him, and re manded her for seven dajs, to give her an opportunity of reflecting on Cevi" courses," off So ?ty uBankj! of ,®yflney has written off £2 per share for losses, which leaves imT nf«mfund a? £25,000, and a divid nu? &er; 0 '18 declared, 1 **eatt,c°te Advertiser contributes a wonderful story about a goat« About a llnwn tl* 81 ft?! a g^at haPPencd to fall down the Allison Company's shaft at Costerfield, which is 110 feet deep. The air was so bad at the time that a candle would not burn at three feet from the surface, and of course the poor animal could not be released, Five days after wards the air got better, and the men went to work, when to their astonishment the goat was still alive, It was immediately sent to the top, and on reaching the land ing-stage bounded off into the bush, apparently none the worse for its imprison ment although after falling down 110 feet on some slabs, it had nothing to eat for five days, and lived in such air as no human miii.T tave exl8ted iB many ! The death of Henry Trebble, a butcher, , which was supposed to have been caused by heemorrhaiie following a blow received irom his employer, Charles Dale, at Castle mame, a few days ago, resulted in realitv according to the medjoal evidence given at the adjourned inquest-from an attack of diarrhoea. The coroner's jury returned a verdict to that effect. The following extract from a letter re ceived by a gentleman from a relative in the Government service atPyzabad, Oude, India, is_ given by the Ballarat Star: England must withdraw troops from India if she enter into any war, and I do not care to sefe my family in India when the troops are withdrawn, mere especially m a war $fh Russia. Imagine a school boy saying'to his master, » What's the use of teaching me English, why don't you teach me Russian, it will be more useful to me I This was the speech of a native boy in Lucknow. The natives upon entering into ^ bonds of all sorts now enter the proviso-^So long as the British rule may last m this country,' I have a good deal of intercourse with them, and am convinced that they now consider the end of the British rule more certain than they did during the. mutinies} and more, are desirous for it. Maryborough has a sensation in the shape of a ghost. The story runs that a tall figure in white has of late made its ap pearance heir Gidding's, in the vicinity of Prince s Park. ^ It isliabited in the dress of a female, and stands for hours immov able, and-transfixed to one spot. Next it was seen about Blackman's Lead, and lastly it has-or something very much like it-^ turned up 'near the reservoir. It has severely frightened numerous, individuals, and almost performed the miracle of chanir ing the Ethiopia skin. The police ha?e been after it, but have not succeeded in catching it yet. A blackfellow, who had evidently been very much agitated about something oi the. kind, appeared before the Maryborough Police Court on Monday morning, and complained of the ccnduct of the ghost, but his Worship (Mr. Joyce) said he could do nothing for him, and advised him to catch it. . One of the most extraordinary and dis tresmng eases on record was investigated at the Pratirafi police-court, on the 17th inst. Xhree females of ladylike appearance, who have heen accustomed to move in thoroughly respectable society, were charged with having burglariously entered the premises of Mrs. Clark, Raleigh-street, Windsor, and stolen several articles there from, I he accused were Mrs. Annie Green, aged fifty, widow of a Dublin solicitor, aud her two daughters, Mrs. Mary Long, aged twenty.five, wife of a gentleman employed in a chemist's shop in Melbourne,, and Miss Annie Green, aged ?i!n^l?n' « e ev*d®Dce was to the effect that Mrs. Green had broken into the house in the middle of the day, on the 16th inst., while the inmates were absent therefrom, and stolen several articles, including a gold watob, some brooches, books, and bottles of ale and porter, which articles were found on the eame day by the police in the house where the three prisoners were. ? . prisoners were discharged, but Mrs. Green was committed for trial The papers found at the Tuilleries have furnished information that, since December 1851, 20,842 persons have been ai rested in France for political offences, of which number over 14,000 were transported, exiled, or detained in prison. "Either a case of wholesale cattle-steal ,M VlrtM £~ A A ^ ^ «. .« . nas been ^committed. On Thursday, Constable Dwyer, of Redesdale, rcceivetl information, from Superintendent M'Cul loch, of Kilmore, that a mob of cattle had been stolen from Messrs. Bagot, of South Australia, and were being driven to Mel bourne, the supposition being that they would pass within no great distance of Redesdale. Cqnstable Dwyer at once started off on a reconnoitering expedition, and during the day found, near Bnynton, auioh of traveling cattle, some . 200 in number, the,brands of which corresponded A/ffn n 86 8'ven in Superintendent M'Cullocb's memorandum, The man in charge of them produced his authority, and told a very plausible story, the sub didbetongto a Mr. Bagot, though not to the firm of that. name from which thev were alleged to have been stolen, and that he was driving them to Melbourne for sale. y"der the circumstances, Constable Dwyer ala not care to accept the responsibility of making an arrest, but having sent to Kynetoii for assistance, he remained with the cattl? «»nd followed them. A mounted constablfc was sent from Kyneton_ and he M?ih?wyer f?MIo*wld the cattIe towards Melbourne, whilst the man in /jWOrode into Kyneton yesterday evening, for the purpose^, as v was stated by him; of com municatingby telegraph witK% principal." . A new v freezing.machine W been yef ? M**. A. Goby, a coppersmith, of Lonsdale-street east, Melbourne. It can make 4lb. of ice per hour, using only one basketftj of charcoal for I6lb.' of ice and about gallons of ammonia1. The cost 01 the Machine is only £20, orAft^e,W,*t$?Ui'ue Japanese performers are to jvisit Melbourne shortly. Dotfeld Swan, squatter, of Spring Vale. is in80,ve^ Liabilities «20,0£|5 59.|j assets, £18,959 9s. 9d . deficiency, £1,135; 15s. 3d. ' ^ G^MnrBR ^AfiT POUND.-Impounded One hav maiie, R near shoulder; one iron grey filly, R hear shoulder, bang tail; one steel grey hopse, bang tail, M near shoul der; one datk grey colt, like B blotched near shoulder. If not claimed will be sold on Friday next, the Kith instant, at noon. -One black horse, like TD oft shoulder, while on near hind fetlock, star and snip! If not claimed will be sold on Thursday next, the 9th instant, at noon. JOHN BuNNETr, Poundkeepcr. , 