IRELAND. IRELAND AND ROME— PROTEST OF THE IRISH HIERARCHY. The following letter of the arch bishops and bishops of Ireland to their flocks has been issued : — " The words we address to you, beloved brethren, come from hearts fillied with sorrow and indignation. And how can it be other wise, since we have to announce to you that our Holy Father Pius IX. is a prisoner in the hands of his enemies? He has been robbed even of that personal liberty, which, as a sovereign, he had made secure for the very lowest of his subjects ; he has been torn by brute force from his children, whose voices cannot reach his ear, and whom Ins words of guidance can no longer direct. And why has all this occurred? What excuse can be put forward by the men who have thus assailed God's anointed ? What fault has Pius IX. committed, whether as king or as Pontiff, that this outrage should be in flicted upon him ? " For nearly five-and-twenty years he has filled a throne inherited by him in virtue of a title the most ancient, the most legitimate, the most sacred ; and during that long period his rule has been distinguished for all the qualities that consecrate supreme power, and render it, as God intended it should be, a source of blessing to the people. What prince is there whose sovereign rights have been more clearly defined or better guaran teed by the faith of treaties and by the sanc tion of international law ? Who has ever used power more gently ? who more wisely than he ? Under his benign sway his capital was the home of genius, the shrine of the arts, the seat of learning,, the centre of true. Christian civilization. He judged the poor in judgment and the people in justice, ever seeking to lighten their burden and to pro mote their prosperity. He gave them peace when all around them was convulsed, and plenty when others were harrassed with want ; and on the eve of the usurpation his subjects employed the very latest hour of liberty they were permitted to enjoy, before being crushed by foreign force, in acclaiming him as the best of sovereigns, who should rule for ever in their hearts. What pretext did such a ruler give for invasion? What was there in such a monarch that he should be driven by strangers from his throne ? " But great as have been the glories of his reign, they pale before the sacred splendours of his marvellous Pontificate. The annals of the Church hold up for our admiration very many among the Roman Pontiffs whose names shall live for ever in history on account of the striking and noble qualities that dis tinguished them even among the greatest on earth. A far-seeing wisdom which enabled them in troubled times to understand where lay the true interests of the Church and of society ; surpassing ability in choosing and directing the measures to promote those interests ; and a loftiness of personal charac ter which made their exertions successful, while it commanded the respect even of their enemies ; these are the gifts that seem here ditary in the great line of Popes who have filled the Apostolic See. But it may be questioned if on that long and brilliant roll of Pontiffs there be found even one to surpass Pius IX., evp.u in the fulness with which these gifts were possessed, or in the measure of benefits conferred on the Church by the exercise of them. How often has it been our pleasing duty to describe to you the great things he has accomplished for the Church, and which mark with increasing glory each succeeding year of his Pontificate ? He has extended the tabernacle of the Church by erecting so many new episcopal Sees in the remotest regions; he has restored to Churches wasted by heresy the freshness and vigour of a second youth ; he has preserved the young from the ravages of infidelity by con demning evil systems of education ; he has preached to an age that worships only brute force, in season and out of season, the eternal principles of truth and justice ; he has pro tected society against the licence that saps morality, and the false philosophy which would pervert the rights of reason, and thereby degrade man from his high dignity as an intelligent being. Never can Catholic hearts forget how, by defining the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, Pius IX. gave joy to the whole world, and new glory to the Mother of God ; how, by canonizing so many saints, he multiplied for us intercessors in heaven, and models of holy living on earth ; how, by celebrating the centenary of SS. Peter and Paul, he taught the world that persecution does but end in the triumph of the church. And have not we ourselves lately seen him, in the full majesty of his sacerdotal holiness and power, presiding over the General Council of the Vatican, which he convoked that the voice of God, speaking through his infallible Church, might be heard above the turmoil and discord of the earth, teaching the truth, and summoning to the bosom of Catholic unity the souls whom error has led astray. And it was at the solemn moment, when the Catholic episcopate was gathered together to treat of the most impor tant subjects that can occupy men upon earth, that a blow was struck at the visible head of the Church, and through him at the entire mystic body of Christ. . "Passing in review, then; the whole glorious Pontificate of Pius IX., are we, not fully warranted in asserting, beloved breth ren, that it is not for any fault or shortcoming of his that wicked men have risen against the Vicar of Christ ? No, it is the absence of any fault in him that has stirred their indignation against him. Like the wicked men spoken of in the Book of Wisdom, they have conspired, saying, 'Let us lie in wait for the just man, because he is not for our turn, and he is contrary to our doings, and upbraideth us of transgressions of the law, and divulgeth against us the sins of our. life He is become the censurer of our thoughts. He is grievous unto us even to behold, tor his fife is not like other men's, and his ways are very different. We are esteemed by him as triflers, and he abstaineth from our ways as from filthiness, and he preferreth the latter end of the just and gloneth that he hath God for his father. Let us then ex amine him by outrages and tortures. "And truly, beloved brethren, they have accomplished their wicked deed, adding to it every circumstance of indignity and out rage that can well be conceived. Without declaration of war, after having bound them- selves by a solemn convention to respect the temporal independence of the Holy See, with hypocritical professions of veneration on their lips, the Florentine Government dispatched their troops to invade and occupy the rein- nant of Papal territory hetheto spared by them. Neither the justice of the Pope's cause, nor the absence of provocation, nor his solemn protest, nor their own pledges, nor the thought that they were outraging the feelings of more than 200,000,000 of Catholics, nor the fear of the crime of sacri- lege, or of its punishment, could restrain those perverse men from assaulting the capital of the Christian world and violating the holy soil of the Eternal City. They constituted brute force alone as the law of justice, for that which is feeble is found to be nothing worth. In vain they have since sought to colour their outrages by a mock appeal to the voice of the people into whose city they had opened for themselves a way by a de- structive cannonade. History shall record that this monstrous usurpation is nothing else than a triumph of brute force over justice; of hypocrisy over honesty ; of revolution over social order ; of infidelity over the interests of the Christian religion. " Therefore we feel it due to ourselves and to you, and to our fellow-Catholics through out the world, to publish our solemn protest against this act of unparalleled injustice, and to this protest here published we call the attention of all. 1\. Believing that the Pope is the Vicar of Christ, the infallible teacher of Christian truth, to whom, in blessed Peter, has been given the supreme power of feeding, ruling, and governing the whole Church, we protest against the sacrilegious insults recently offered by the usurping power to the reigning Pon tiff, Pius IX., and in his person to Christ Himself, whose representative he is on earth. 2\. Convinced that the full, perfect, and. complete, discharge of his apostolic office re quires as its necessary condition the freedom of the Roman Pontiff from the control of other temporal princes, we protest in the name of 200,000,000 Catholics, against the usurpation which has deprived their spiritual chief of his temporal dominions, necessary for the exercise of his liberty, and thereby subjected him to the caprice of hostile powers. 3\. Persuaded that in the ways of Providence the temporal sovereignty of the Holy See has been ordained for the common good of all Christendom, and that Rome and the Papal territory belong to the Catholic world, we protest against the sacrilegious invasion of both, as a violation of the sacred rights of the whole Catholic world. 4. Regarding as subversive of social order the appeal made to revolutionary passions by the usurping powers against the oldest and most legitimate sovereignty in the world ; and indignant at the hypocrisy which sought to mask a brutal attack under the profession of Catholic loyalty and kingly honour, we protest against the means, so scandalous and immoral, em ployed to accomplish this most unjust usur- pation. 5. Recognizing with gratitude the benefit conferred upon the world by the noble use the Roman Pontiffs have made of their temporal dominion, and the splendid example they have set to the sovereigns of Christen- dom by the mildness of their rule, their patronage of arts and letters, their tender care of the weak and poor, and their love of justice, we protest against the attempt to extinguish, and by means so unholy, an in stitution that has deserved so well of civilized society all over the world. 6. We protest also against the threatened devastation of the venerable sanctuaries of Rome, against the plundering of its shrines, the suppression of its religious communities, devoted to prayer and good works, and the closing of its numerous schools and colleges, where so many students of our own and other countries are trained in piety and learning. 7. And since the invasion of Rome has been under taken and accomplished at a time when a General Council was being held therein, under the presidency of the Supreme Pontiff, we protest against the violence that has in terrupted its deliberations, and we hold the Florentine Government responsible for the outrage offered to the assembled bishops of the universe, and for the injury done to the faithful by depriving them, for an indefinite time, of the blessings the Council was calcu lated to confer. ' ' It now remains for you, beloved brethren, by taking practical steps to relieve the Holy Father, to give effect to this protest. "First of all, it is your duty to have recourse to the powerful arm of prayer. When St. Peter was thrown into prison by Herod, the entire Church prayed without ceasing for his safety (Acts xiii. 5). The united prayers of the Christian people, offered to God in the spirit of humility and with contrite hearts through the hands of the Immaculate Mother of our Lord, will produce the most, wonderful results. "And since in the terrible events that are now passing in Europe the enlightened eye of faith recognizes the hand of an angry God, punishing the world for its overflowing ini quities, we should endeavour to banish from amongst us that monster of sin 'that maketh nations miserable.' "We therefore implore of you all that, by worthily approaching the holy sacraments of Penance and of the Eucharist, you may prepare yourself to ask with more confidence,, grace and mercy from the Lord. And let your prayers, proceeding from pure hearts, ever be the fruitful source of good works. Fasting, acts of mortification, alms-deeds, and spiritual and corporal acts of charity to the poor, these should accompany your prayers to render them more powerful with God. "Secondly, in addition to these spiritual , weapons, it is desirable that Catholics should unite to protest against the insults which have been heaped on the Vicar of Christ, and against the violation of justice and right, on the part of those who have seized on Rome, the common property of the Catholic world. These protests, to have weight, should be made in writing, and when recom- mended by your pastors, at meetings, to be placed in the hands of those who represent us in Parliament, so that they may be laid before the public authorities of this country. We have a full right to ask from those who rule Catholic nations, that they should secure from a control which cannot be otherwise than capricious or tyrannical, the Pontiff whose authority guides the conscience of millions of then subjects. The enemies oi the Holy Father are most industrious in mis- representing the feelings of Catholics, and in describing their own evil deeds as the neces sary result of public opinion and of national aspirations, in the hope that they may pervert men's judgments, and thereby hinder them from taking effectual means for the relief of the Holy Father. Let it be our business to prove that their lies have not deceived any one, and that Catholic Ireland will joyfully take her place among the nations who will emulate one another in assisting, by their prayers and alms, the Vicar of Christ in this his hour of sore distress. "For the rest, beloved brethren, be not disturbed by the violence, nor scandalized by the momentary success that has attended the designs of the wicked. ' These things they thought,' says the Holy Ghost of those who conspired against the just man; 'these things they thought and were deceived ; for their own malice blinded them. And knew not the secrets of God, nor hoped for the wages of justice, nor esteemed the honour of holy souls.' 'But the multiplied brood of the wicked shall not thrive ; and if they flourish in branches for a time, yet standing not fast, they shall be shaken with the wind, and through the force of winds they shall be rooted out.' ' A mighty wind shall stand up against them, and as a whirlwind shall divide them ; and although by permission of an out raged Providence it may "come to pass that their iniquity shall bring all the earth into a desert, and their wickedness overthrow the thrones of the mighty, yet in God's gopd time truth and virtue shall have their triumph, and being rescued from the hands of their enemies the just shall sing to thy Holy name O Lord and shall praise with one accord thy victorious hand. "May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. "Dublin, Oct. 19th, 1870. "Paul Cardinal Cullen, Archbishop of Dublin ; Daniel M'Gettigan, Archbishop of Armagh; John Machale Archbishop of Tues; Patrick Leahy Archbishop of Cashel; William Delany, Bishop of Cork; William Keane, Bishop of Cloyne; John P. Leahy, Bishop of Dromore ; Francis Kelly, Bishop of Derry ; David Moriarty, Bishop of Kerry ; James Walshe, Bishop of Kildare and Leigh- lin ; Lawrence Gillooly, Bishop of Elphin ; John M'Evilly, Bishop of Galway, &c.; ; P. Dorrian, Bishop of Down and Connor ; Nicholas Conaty, Bishop of Kilmore ; James Donnelly, Bishop of Clogher; Nicholas Power, Coadjutor Bishop of Killaloe ; Thomas Fur long, Bishop of Ferns ; M. O'Hea, Bishop of Ross ; George Butler, Bishop of Limerick ; Thomas Nulty, Bishop of Meath ; James Lynch, Coadjutor Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin; Peter Dawson, Vic-Cap., Ardagh." Bishop op Orleans on Ireland — We (Cork Examiner) have received the following letter from Mr. Leonard, acknowledging the receipt of £500 on account of sums received from country. parishes : — " Orleans, September 17, 1870\. My dear Friend — I am pro foundly touched by the offering of your generous Irish for our poor wounded, and by the sympathetic address which accompanies it. Catho- lic Ireland has the memory of the heart. She remembers that France did not forget her in her long trials ; in her turn she remembers us in our misfortunes — they are great. The hand of God humbles and chastises us at this moment. But we shall arise, I trust. Meantime, it is a consolation for us to feel that the heart of noble Ireland is moved, and that, to attest it in the face of indifferent Europe, she has known how to draw accents from her soul which go straight to ours, and from her. poverty a gift that we appreciate above all for the sentiments of those who give it. Thank your fellow-country men in my name, and in that of our dear wounded — I would say, in the Tin mo nf France! — You know. &c.; Felix, Bishop of Orleans.'' 