CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION SOCIETY. chairman's address. (Concluded from yesterday.) We are glad to be permitted in the prayer of faith to cast on Him our burdens and anxieties. Then let us seek clearly to understand the ground on which our belief rests, that we may not be soon shaken in mind or be troubled, but may be able to give an answer to every man that asks us a reason of the hope that is in us concerning God's providential care and superintendence in all the events of our live3. We are also called upon to hold fast the doc trine of atonement, through the death and righteousness of a Divine Mediator, and the doctrine of justification, through faith in His blood. The offence of the Cross has not yet ceased. Men, whose names are known to us, and whose writings freely circulate among us, profess to be shocked at the material and commercial aspect of the language used by theologians when speaking of the death of Christ. Now, I do not ask that we stereotype the phraseology of our forefathers on this subject, but do let us glory, even as they did, in the cross of Christ. We want their strong faith and their deep intelligent convictions. The signs of the times warn us that in our endeavors to render the doctiine of the atone ment palatable, we are in danger of detaching from it the element which is at once its dis tinction and its power. There is more than enough said in various quarters now about the self-sacrificejof Christ, of which His death was so glorious an example. We require to be" grounded and settled in the hope of the Gospel, and then, continuing in the faith, we shall tell these men, we believe all that, but we believe more—That death was a true sacrifice, a real expiation for sin; and only as we have faith in this will the spirit of consecration, of which they speak, take possession of us. Unless the Bible is a delusion and a snare, it is a face that ' we are bought wi.h a price;' we ' are redeemed with the precious blood of Christ.' Here we must take our stand fearfully, ever ready to avow i hat we ' are not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ; it is the power of God unto salva tion to every one that believeth, for therein i3 the righteousness of Godrevealedfromfaith to faith.' Further, let me remark, there is a growing ne cessity for insisting upon the simplicity of the Christian ritual. The rapid growth and spread of ritualistic opinions and tendencies is a sign of the times which calls for our serious con sideration. What does it indicate? what will be its ultimate development? what is our duty 'in relation thereto? I do not wish to preach a crusade against the Kitualists. Some of them are men of culture and refinement, and have drawn after them many whose high sestheticism leads them to long for all that is graceful in. form and grand in sound ; hut the majority of . their followers are weak men and women, who are led captive by their fondness for vain shows. Were I in England, I should denounce as severely as any of my brethren the dishonesty of those who, while professing to be ministers of a Protestant Church, preach Romish doc trines and indulge in Komish practices. In this colony we are differently circum stanced. No congregations here are com pelled to have a Kitualist for a minister whether they will or not, and, on the other hand, if they prefer to secure and retain the services of such an one, no one else has any just cause for complaint. All we can do, all we ought to attempt to do, io to bring out more prominently the teachings of Scripture on ques tions of Ritual. We cannot ignore the subject altogether; loyalty to Christ and to our religious and ecclesiastical convictions forbids our keep ing silence. Professor Simon has well said— ' The mission of Congregationalism, as I un-~ derstand it, has been to assert and apply the; fundamentahprinciple of Protestantism * * * That principle is the right and duty of every man's entering into direct fellowship with God without the intervention of anything human, whether it be a creed, or a form of polity, or a priesthood. If we have had any specific mes sage from God to deliver, it has been this. Our aim Is, or ought to be, to set men on' their own feet, and to teach them ' to look to and learn of God for themselves.' This witness is true. .It is our duty, even as- it is our privilege, to assert and maintain the truth that ' the Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost,' and that 'in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircum cision, but a new creature.' As a corrective to the disposition to make too much of sacred places and holy days, we muBt present the statements of the Master—' Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst.' ' The hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father.' Do men make priestly pretensions, and lay claim to priestly power? .All the more reason is there that we proolaim Jesus only is ' the Apostle and.High Priest of our profession.' He by ' His one offering hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified,' so that 'there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,'and that the whole body" of the faithful,. not a select, few, are a ' chosen, generation, a royal priesthood.' We must prove that the advocates of baptismal regeneration .have, no scriptural authority for thus limiting the Holy One ..of _ Israel. As . well attempt to restrain the wind, to which He is compared, from blowing where it listeth as attempt to confiue His renewing influence to sacraments and ceremonies, or within the minis tries of an order to which they claim to belong. We must meet all the sensuous and sentimental utterances of . the Kitualists about the Real Presence in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper by pointing out the many gracious assurances of Christ's spiritual and. perpetual presence with His people. The -more earnestly and lovingly this is done the less likely will it be that men will accept feit3 of bread, transformed by a priest's benediotion, as the grand fulfilment of the Saviour's promise to the Church—'Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world.' There is little fear that our Ohurohes will be borne along by the tide of ceremonialism so long as they are composed of those who, in the best sense of the term, are Bible Christians, and are like Apollo3, ' mighty in the Scriptures.' The genius of the Gospel is so utterly opposed to all that iB formal that the men who thoroughly read and thoroughly digest the truths of God's word do not need to be peruaded that * bodily exercise profiteth little' or that ' it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not with meats which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.' Not to weary you, or overtask my own strength, I shall briefly allude to one other point. It seems to me that we want a fuller realization of the Divine idea of Church life. It is a sad fact that some of-the most thouehtful. earnest, and . gifted minds in our congregations refrain from unitiog with the Church. We do well to ask, is the spirit, the atmosphere, the inner domestic life.aud working of our Churches, so intelligent and liberal, so holy and heaven-like, as to pre sent an attraction to such men? 'Now, if there he one plain, fundamental, undeniable principle supplied by the New Testament re garding the Christian Church, itia this—tha^e&c; Lord meant to found a brotherhood, to which all who believe in Him should belong. "What ever else, this Church was or was not meant to be, it was to be a spiritual brotherhood—not simply in that exalted sense in which all true Christians are brothers, whether they acknow ledge one;another as such or not, and the saints on earth, and all the dead, but one communion make;' but in this more practical and earthly -sense, that Christians are to acknowledge one another as. brethren, love as brethren, work together as brethren. By this all men are to know that we are Christ's diBoiples, that we love one another. One is our Master, and all we are brethren. The Church is a body, having Christ foi its head ; and all its members are to be so closely identified in interest and feeling that if. one.suffer _all the othorB suffer with him. Such is the Divine ideal. Have the union, the sanctity, the leve, the zeal, the heavenliness of this 'pattern given in the Mount,'been em bodied with sufficient and attainable approach to perfection in the Christian profession? Be yond the peace springing from the conscious ness that we have complied with the require ments ef the Master, and are privileged to sit with His disciples at His table, what are the palpable advantages of Church membership ? Those who are least desirous of bemoaning our present state and condition, feel that it is high time we should begin to thiuk earnestly of con forming the Church more exactly to its Divine model. It can^hardly be expected/that I should indicate the exact direction our efforts should take in seeking the accomplishment of this de sirable object. I may, however, remind you that resolute united action is far preferable to the idle grumbling, about our deficiencies in which some are wont to indulge, that'each of jus has his part to perform in seeking the purity and advancement of the brotherhood, and that there is nothing in the constitution of our Churches which prevents our profiting by the experience and practices of others. ! Happily, too, our circumstances now are such that our spiritual growth and power is the only end that we need seek. The battle for religious freedom has been fought and won, and our right to be reyark-.I ns a legitimate part of tbe true visible Chui' b of Chn.-.t is now generally recognised. May ocl giy-, us wisdom to improve the pre sent opportunity, and take advantage of this season of rest an-l quietness. Let us seek to stipply -what is lacking, and remove all impedi ments to our happiness, our holiness, and our usefulness. • Let us strive and pray that our 'love may abound yet more and more in knowledge, and in all judgment, that we may approve thing3 that are excellent, that we may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits of righteousness which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and praise of God.' Most earnestly ■would|I plead for this. We wish our Churches to grow and prosper, and gather to them those that are without. We may simplify our modes of admission to their fellowship; this, however, will be of little service—it is not better machinery, ;but more power that we need. We want Churches in which the vital principle of godliness shall he so strong that they may be said to be instinct with the Sp'rit of God; Churches partabiug so much of the mind of Christ that, li,ke Him, they must be ever going about doing good; Churches in which men would feel they had a sacred home, and did indeed belong to the household of f> ith. Then those who had first given their own selves to the Lord would' speedily and gladly cast in their lot with us, rejoicing to be numbered with the saints. Moreover, I plead for this, because it will do much to promote that Christian union for which all good men long' and pray. The nearer we come to' Christ the more we are like Him; the closer shall we be drawn to allthose who love-our. Lord Jesus Christ insincerity.- With more of the mind of Christ, though retaining our denominational peculiarities, the _ truth would he spoken in love, sectarian strife and rivalry would cease, and catholicity and con scientiousness would not only co-exist, but coalesce. Reviving influence is what we, and all the Churches of Christ, greatly require. Its effusion would develop our mutual affinities, and bring us into sympathetic contact . and final unity ; without it we shall never unite our parted forces. Brethren, the time is short, our responsibi- i lities are great, our duties are many and serious. Let us be true to ourselves, and, above all, true to our Master. The shadows are lengthening upon our path, reminding us that * tbe night cometh when no man can work therefore, let us be 'steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord.' God grant that each one of us may so live unto Him who died for us and rose again, and may so labor for the good of others, that when called away from earth to our rest aud reward, our truest epitaph may he —' After he had served his own generation, by the will of God, he fell on sleep, and was gathered unto his fathers.(Applause.) The Rev. J. Jefferis moved avery cordial vote of .thanks to the Chairman for his address. It had,.he said, been characterised as usual by the fervency and deep-toned spirituality which were the characteristics of their brother's ministry. He did not know that he had ever listened to anything which had fallen from his lip3 which had given him greater pleasure. The other day Mr. Manthorpe was telling him that he thought his recent illness had affected his brain. If so, he thought it had brightened it—(cheers) - and that it had given to hirn a deeper spirituality than before., There was nothing in the address particularly to characterise it, and he could not single anything out for eulogy, as he liked the general tone of it. The Rev. W. 'Wilson briefly seconded. The Rev. F. W. Cox supported the motion. There were one or two topics referred to in the address which ought to engage the attention of the TJnion. He referred to one particularly— j the question of the supply of ministers" to vacant Churches. From the statements made he learned that there were several vacancies in the Churches, and the difficulty was very conr siderable in bringing out ministers from tbe mother country. He did not know whether or not now the difficulty was greater than before, in consequence of the great demand there was at home for ministers of the class they would like to bring out to this land. The question was abroad one as to whether they should simply depend on supplies to be obtained from England, or endeavor to" raise up ministers -in this land. Certainly they ought to have some clear course of action,else they would find that the Churches as they became vacant would be. lost to them by ceasing to exist, or lapsing into other bodies. With regar 1 to the reference to Ritualism, he oonfessed that during his recent visit in Eng land, although he moved about in what he might call Churoh of England circles more than he had ever done since his early life, his surprise was that he had heard so little of it. That was just the impression he gathered. He found people made remarks on some neighbor ing ministers who were carrying* thingt with a high hand; but as far as be had seen the feeling was not so strong as they, receiving the full reports and facts in the newspapers, would be led to suppose.. 'The movement no doubt arose out of the tendencies for aesthetic culture. That was one thing which exhibited itself in this' fact—that there was scarcely a village in England .in- which the work of restoration— carried out with consummate skill and taste, and at great expense—with respect to build ings*which;' 7prev"iously were in a state of dilapidation, was not being carried out. Ho doubt that; was one of the good things arising out of the greater attention given to the externals' of religion. His opinion, however, was that' the' uprising of Ritualism in the Church was deeper than that. Some years ago —about 20''years ago-—when the question first* began to agitate society, he remembered Mr. Binney saying the manner in which the Church of England had gone on since the beginning of the century had been much in the line in which the Dissenters had gone with reference to preaching, Sunday-schools, and extraneous ac tivity. • They' were distanced, however, in the race- in consequence of the trammels of the State. 'F-'r;.v: many persons went back on tbe old lin: c.i v. estly authority, and told the people :hfli rh~.v could not leave the Church of their fatbits without sin, and that they must come to them «t peril of their souls' salvation. Thus the ^..estion. rose up -at the'ehief seats of learning, win-.was brought to light by men of consummate scholarship. After referring to the history of the religious opinions of Dr. Newman, of Oxford, he said Dr. Newmm tried' to * find a middle way between the Church of England and Romanism, but he .was driven, from that point, and found that to be consistent he must go the whole length, and go to that Church in which his idea obtained its fullest, finest, and most logical de velopment. Ritualism was just a growing up of the tendency to put increased power in the hands of the priest, and to introduce the middle ages—the ages of faith—so that everything should be left in the hands of the minister Who should carry? out worship -with all tbat was beautiful and gorgeous, andwlso jjive. utterance to his" own ecclesiastical power as intercessor between God and man. Therefore in this' view the case was still more perilous even than mere decoration. He repeated the sentiments already expressed of approval and admiration at the tone and spirit which pervaded the whole ad dress. (Cheers.) Tbe motion was carried, and the Chairman briefly acknowledged the vote. ! RELATION OF CHRISTIANITY TO THE CIVIL GOVERNMENT. i The Kev, J. Jefferis was then called upon to read a paper on the above subject. It was as follows:— ; The dream of a " Christian State" is almost over. Especially in the British Empire has the illusion been dispelled. The union of the poli tical and the theocratic is approaching its end. We are living in years that are very fruitful in the outcome of great principles which have long been silently working. One of these, which in England has taken many centuries to approach maturity, is the right of every man to think for himself, and not to allow others to think for him in matters of religion. It is now conceded on all hands that Government must not inter fere with conscience. _ The State which defines religious belief, enjoins a particular mode of worship, and endows certain obedient ChurcheB, is felt to be intruding beyond its legitimate sphere. However Worthy its aim, Whatever good results may have been achieved by its action, its continuance in this order of things is opposed to the modern Christian conscience. The realm of faith lies beyond the realm governed by any eartbly power. Let Csaar'a tribute be fully and honorably paid, but let not Caesar interfere with the tribute demanded by God, J "We may well illustrate the change that has come over the mind of England on this point during the past half century, by the change that has taken place in the opinions of the greatest of English statesmen. Somewhat more than 30 years ago Mr. Gladstone affirmed that every nation had a conscience, that it was bound to adopt some form of religious belief, that the propagation of this religious belief was one of the chief ends of Government. Twenty years ago he said—"We cannot change the profound and resistless tendencies of the age towards re ligious liberty—it is our business to guide and control their application. Do this you may; but to endeavor to turn them backward is the sport of children done by the hands of men, and j every effort you may make in that direction will only recoil upon you in disaster and disgrace." In his chapter of autobiography, published in1868, after giving a view of the alterations which had taken place in the laws bearing on religion, he says—" The idea of asserting on the part of the National Church those exclusive claims which become positively unjust in a divided country, governed on popular principles, has been abandoned by all'parties in the State." And, he adds, in words as true for his country as they are honorable to himself, " I, who may I have helped to mislead many by an over-haBty generalization, would now submit what seems to me calculated to reassure the public mind." I make my appeal to the history of the last 35 years. During those years what may be called the dogmatic allegiance of the State to religion j has been greatly retarded } but its consciousness ' of a moral duty has been not less notably quickened and enhanced. We, in South Australia, have long ago reached the goal which is being striven after hy many of the noblest minds "of England. We have settled it once and for ever that there •■-hall be no dominant form of religion. Keligious freedom, and religious equalitjr, to the fullest possible degree, is affirmed or implied by various Acts of Parliament. Our Government *is absolutely unfettered by the least fragment of clerical power. And yet there must be some relation, whether well or ill defined, between Christianity and civil government. Neither can ignore the other. The two cannot be comple'ely sepa rated as long as we continue a Christian people. What we need to learn is the degree in which the one may lawfully—that is.'in accordance with Divine law—help or restrain the operations of the other. No thoughtful statesman or minister | of religion can avoid seeing the difficulties which are connected with the solution of this problem. It_ is_ far easier to secure the recognition of a principle, and to embody it in law, than it i3 to apply it to the varying exigencies of social life. There is no doubt that one of the first results of religious freedom has been the disintegra tion of Christendom, The old unity, greater in seeming than in reality, has been broken up. The State now finds itself confronted with a i multitude of sects, each claiming its protection. There is a chaos of conflicting opinions, and I many forms-of worship. How shall the State ] act towards these in the spirit of the Consti tution, and according to existing laws ? There ! are two points of contact. The State has to do with Christianity in respect to the doctrines which are taught by it, and the ecclesiastical \ organizations into which these doctrines have' crystallised. In looking at the doctrines of Christianity, there is a distinction obvious enough, but too often overlooked. The New Testament contains a series of truths which are of a supernatural1 order. This is the special domain of Christian belief, and the sole arena of Christian con troversy. It contains also a series of truths which are of a natural order, though presented j with Divine sanction.. This is the special j domain of Christian morality, in which all Christians are at one. Now, with the first of these the statesman has nothing to' do. - Men may believe what they like, and express their belief in any form of worship. But with the second the statesman has much to do. He is j bound to restrain evil and encourage good. The teachings of the Lord Jesus Cbrist on matters of individual and social morality must be embodied in legislation, and maintained hy j the Executive so far as their legitimate province extends. But how shall the State deal with the various ecclesiastical organizations ?—Churches aB they are called. We leply, " By letting them alone to the utmost extent possible;" They want no permission—that has been conceded, as their right. They want no patronage—that, would be resented as an insult to their spiritual order. They want no power such as the State- might exert on their behalf—that is opposed to.then view of Christian obedience, which- must be voluntary, and without penal sanctions;- But there are occasions when the State is bound to act, or to give permission to the Churches to act in a direct religious way. The whole ques tion of education stands too closely connected with religion for the religious aspect of it to be entirely ignored. She is the foster- mother of all outcast and abandoned children. She has a vast number of paupers—imbecile and lunatio —living on her bounty. She has hospitals for the oure of the sick. She has prisons for the restraint of the criminal. This great army can not be left without Christian instruction." It would be a grievous abandonment of her duty, and an outrage upon the conscience of the- na tion. There are occasions too, as it would seem, when in the interests of social order, she should invite the Churohes by representa tives, to testify their loyalty to the powers that be as ordained of God. I will not pretend to define the mode in which the Government of South Australia should act in these and similar cases. But there are two fundamental principles upon which all its action must be based— 1\. The State must not regard itself in-any sense as a teacher of religion. The responsi bility of giving religious instruction must be cast upon the Churches unitedly. 2\. The State must treat impartially the vari ous sects without reference to precedents, which belong to a condition of society in which the union between Church and State is still J maintained. Whatever difficulties there may be in acting upon these, such difficulties must be fairly met. Forbearance and courtesy will diminish them,, while arrogance and jealousy will certainly in crease them. A discussion followed the paper, which re sulted in the following resolution—moved by the Kev. F. "W. Cox; and seconded by the Kev. C. W. Evan—being carried :— " That this meeting views with surprise the marked dis tinction mide between the representatives of religious bodies having the right of private' entrie at the levee held on the birthday of Her Majesty. It hereby desires to express firmly its sense of the incompatibility of those distinc tions with the principles of religiouB equality prevailing in this colony, and it instructs its Chairman and Secretary to forward a copy of this resolution to His Excellency the Governor, . with*-a respectful reque t that in future such arrangements may be made as will remove the invidious distinction complained of." 