In a young community, where everything lias to be made — where not anything comes down to one from his ancestors — beauty of design must often be sacrificed to pounds, shillings, and pence considerations. On this account we rarely find fault with our public bodies when they set aside orna mentation in order to devote more of their funds to works of commendable utility. It is for us, as pioneers, to con struct the framework, as it were, of our towns ; and, having done this, it will devolve upon posterity to fill in the remainder— to beautify and adorn- the skeleton which we bequeath to it. But where the eye can be pleased at no additional- expense, while the more substantial part of a work is bring done, our public bodies would act with great remissness if they neglected so obvious a feature in erecting new buildings as ornamentation. We are not all Puritans in our tastes, aud even this generation may ask to see something more for its money than square walls and narrow windows, destitute of all embellishment, and as unattractive to the eye, as those dreadfully monotonous rows of buildings for which New York has long been pro verbial. Art has long since demonstrated that beauty of outline may be given to buildings without much additional expense. It only then needs knowledge and taste to be possessed by our builders to make our towns presentable even in our own day and gene ration, and thus for us as pioneers to have some enjoyment in return for the money we part with, and yet be none the worse off for the outlay which we have incurred. It is highly creditable to the public men' of Ballarat that -they have borne Giir simple jact continually in their minds when un dertaking . the erection of our public buildings.' Probably no town in the world in .proportion to its size and wealth can.- tonsf of co many hand some edifices of this kind as Ballarat. It would almost seem as though all our councillors in the past had been men of re fined taste, and all our buildings had been erected by the most finished architects of the age in which we live. What could more clearly prove this fact than the original Western Town Hall, the Corporation Market in Mair street, the Market Sheds in Eureka street, or the two fire brigade towers 1 For beauty of design ; for elegance of detail, and for comm odiousness of in ternal arrangements, these buildings may challenge favorable comparison with the most exquisitely conceived and highly finished edifices of the same kind in any part of the world. No visitor enters the town without being almost struck dumb with admiration when he beholds these magnificent conceptions of the mind muni cipal But words fail to convey the effect upon strangers which a front or side view of the Western Market inspires. The comprehensiveness -of this building ; the beauty of its facade ; the ex quisitely chiselled fretted work which supports the dome ; the broad and ample entrances and exits, and in fact the whole aspect of the building, show how'admirably the architect knew how to embellish the centre of one of the finest streets in the Southern Hemisphere, and what a large amount of taste he brought to bear upon his great undertaking. Posterity alone will be able to pay fitting homage to this genius ; the present generation can simply look on with silent admiration, and be grateful for being contemporaneous with such a master mind. The only rival whom he need fear is he who designed and erected the Government Offices ; for even the Western Market must pale its fires before the present Telegraph Office, the Warden's Court, the Gaol, and other buildings of the same kind which im part such grace to the town, and which even a Barry might well gaze upon with a feeling akin to envy. 'Contrast all these handsome buildings with what semi-public and. private efforts have done to ornament the town, and how much do the latter . enffer by the comparison. Take the Mechanics' In stitute, the Public Library, the banks, -and Craig's hotel, the Theatre Royal, ! and Mitchell's buildings, and observe .the want of taste displayed in their designs as con trasted with the Western Market or the" sheds in Eureka street. The feet is that while in the one case beauty has been sacri ficed to pounds, shillings and pence conside rations ; in the latter case the consideration has been entirely reversed. Our municipal and Government buildings are from designs based upon the purest models; our semi- public and private edifices are the conceptions of a gross schooL The difference is one suffi ciently striking to cover private enterprise with scorn and humiliation. There be bold innovators — men who have no respect for the attractive and the beauti ful — who perpetually war against these erections of a ppst age. To (hem is due the transformation of the old Western Town Hall, which is now being carried out, and the contemplated destruction of the Lydiard street Telegraph Office. The same spirits are at work to have the Western Market pulled down, and the whole of Start street thrown open to the public view. But vested . interests are difficult . to upset consequently there is hope left that .the triumph of the inno vators may not be so complete as they desire. . The effect of the removal of these delightful piles of shops would be to com pletely metamorphose the street. Instead of its fine proportions bring marred by these obstructions the whole roadway would be. cleared, and the unsightly buildings called Mitchell's, the new Town Hall, and the long array of shops on both sides, would be seen to the best, or worst advantage, as the case might be, according to the taste of the beholder. Ghosts of departed councillors, shall such tilings come to pass 1 Shall these venerable antiquities be consigned to the lumber bin, or shall they be protected in all their present hideous- ness, and remain where they now stand to be a peipetual eyesore and a reproach to an energetic and progressive community? Destroy them, and how many associations of the past shall we have to look upon and admire ? But not even Minerva's curse will he heeded. Such is our degeneracy, that we prefer Mitchell's Buildings and their vis-Orvis to be raised from obscurity, to Start street being any longer deformed by the presence of the Western Market. The taste is a deplorable one, we admit ; but the fault is more those persons' who have made that portion of Start street what it is, than ours. If they had been content with the buildings which formerly stood on those sites, the Western Market might have been preserved, and even the hoarding in front of the Town Hall be tolerated. But as it is, we cannot shake off the convic- 1 tion that, barbarous as it may seem to be to- destroy these relics of a bygone age, there is no alternative for it but their destruction, or — the annihilation of private enterprise. Gentlemen of the City Council, which is it to be ? In the name of all that is decent and commendable, lose no time in furnishing us with a reply. We much regretted to learn by telegram, last night, that Mr AspinaU's health had become worse during the day. He is now au inmate of Harcourt's private asylum, sod under restraint. Onr Melbourne correspondent wrote to as last night to the effect that a smart shock of an earth quake was felt in several of the suburbB of that city at about a quarter to ten o'clock oa Tneeday night, although singularly enough it does" uot appear to have been Doticed in the city itself. In dependent accounts of the shock have reached towa from residents at St. Eilda, Emerald Hill, North Smdridge, South Yarra, East Melbourne, CampbellQeld, and other places. In Borne cases people rnshed out of their houses to see what was the matter. Mr Q. B. Chalmers held two very successful meetings yesterday — the first at Stone's Half-way House hotel, 'Telegraph road;. Mr J. Bourcher in the chair. The candidate was listened to very attentively, and answered several questions to the en; ire satisfaction of the meeting, when a vote of confidence was moved by Mr John Haig, seconded by Mr M'Cubbin, and. carried unani mously. The second meeting took placs at Morgan's hotel, Minersrest, with about forty electors present; Mr Win. Simpson in the chair. At the conclusion of the candidate's address, which was well received, a vote of confidence was moved by Mr Collins, seconded by Mr Crommie, when the chairman called for an amendment, and there being none moved, the motion was carried with cheers. - At the conclusion a local com mittee was formed to secure the candidate's return. A meeting of Mr H. B. Chalmers' general com mittee was held at the Nag's Head hotel, Arm strong street, last evening. Abont forty members were present. Reports of the canvaBS in the diff-reut wards of the city, and bIbo in the cntlying portions of the electorsl district, were handed in. These reports stated that so far as the canvassers had proceeded they had met with mnch success. Mr W. C. Smith addressed abont S50 of the electors of Ballarat West last eveoiog at the Grand Stand hotel; Mr Robert Ryan occnpied the chair. A motion of confidence was carried unanimonely. Mr Smith afterwards held a meet ing at the Cricket Club hotel, where over 200 were present; Mr Archibald M'Intyro to the chair. A vote, that the candidate was a fit and proper person to represent thiB constituency, was enthusiastically carried. Mr Robert Walsh addressed a large and influen tial meeting at Houan'e Brewery Tap hotel laBt evening. Mr Cody was voted to the chair. The chairman spoke in fiatteridg terms as to the qualifications or the candidate, snd trusted that he would be cordially supported by the electors of that part of the district. The candidate met with a very cardial reception, and spoke at botib length ob all the political topics of the day. His address was frequently applauded, and at its con clusion a vote of confidence was proposed by Mr Hooao, seconded by Mr Sharkie, and carried unanimously. Mr Fiocham addressed a large and enthusiastic meeting of theelectors at Hunt's Eastern Station hotel last night; Mr Harrison in the chair. The candidate was very favorably received, and at tbe conclusion of his address, on the motion of Mr Robertson, seconded by Mr Thomas, be received a unanimous vote of confidence. Mr Rodier addressed a meeting of the electors on Monday at Eureka, and on Tuesday at Mount Pleasant, at which he received special assurances of support from the electors of chose localities. A crowded meeting assembled at tbe Bird io- Hand hotel, last evening, to hear Mr Rodier'a views on matters political. Numerous questions hsviog been put to the candidate at the conclu sion of his address, a resolution affirming that Mr Rodier is the most fit and proper person to repre sent the electors of Ballarat East in the coming Parliament, and pledging tbe meeting to do their utmost to seenre his return, was carried by acclamation. Mr Hnmffray'e meeting at the Grapes hotel, which was to have been held last night, his been postponed until Friday evening, in consequence of tbe festivities incident to St. David's Day, and Mr Humffray being engaged to speak at" the Alfred Hall. Mr Hnmffrav attended and apolo gised to the electors present, and stated that he would address them fully on Friday. Mr Steiufeld addressed the electors at the Canadian hotel on Tuesday evening; Mr George Walker in the chair. After his address Mr Bnshby proposed, and Mr A. Mellor seconded, tbe usual vote of confidence in tbe candid, te, which was carried unanimonely. Mr Steinfeld afterwards addressed a large and influential meeting at the Pennyweight hotel, Mr Fyfe in tbe chair, when he entered fully into his political views. He was asked a number of questions, after answering which a vote of confidence was moved by Mr West, seconded by MrHamblin, and carried unBcimonBly. A good committee was also formed to assist in returning him. Last evening Mr Steinfeld addressed a good meeting at Cocking's Australian hotel, where lie was enthn- eiasticatty received. Mr Miller being in the chair. He was critically questioned on the mining and education questions, his answers being satisfac tory. Mr Doig moved, and Mr Kelly seconded, a vote of confidence, which was carried 'unani mously; and a committee was afterward formed in his favor. Mr John James addressed the electors at Jaekson's hotel, Melbourne road, last night; Mr James Bottler in the "chair. The candidate hav ing explained hiB political views on to- various topics of tbe day, and answered several, ques-c tions to the satisfaction of those present, a vote of confidence was "carried unanimously, vnr the. motion of Mr Hawthorn, seconded by Mr Richards. ' Mr Charles Dyte took advantage of the large number of people who waited on the Bnngaree shire Council yesterday to address them from a stump, near the Council Chamber, while some formal business was going on. He repeated many of his previously expressed opinions, dwelling particularly on the education question, and bis willingness to give every facility for religions in struction by membersof the various denominations after the compnlsory school hoars. Mr Dyte succeeded in obtaining a unanimous vote of confidence. A general meeting of (he Ballarat Reform Association will be held at Holmes' Bank hotel, Lydiard street, next Saturday evening, at right, when the candidates whom toe association will support for the West will be decided upon. Mr James Eddy addressed about fifty electors at the schoolroom, Mount Pleasant, last evening, Mr Anthony in the chair. Daring the candidate's address he was repeatedly applauded, and after < answering a few questions, a unanimous vole of confidence was carried on the motion of Mr John Ritchie, seconded by Mr Phillips . In another column will be found the particu lars of the celebration, yesterday eveniDg, of St. David's Day. The gathering, which took place in toe Alfred Hall, was a success, being marred only by the reprehensible conduct' of Mr Uren, who promised to manage the musical arrange ments, but drew back at the last urinate, -for, we understand, a very trifling reason. It may be beneficial to that gentleman to know that bis absence was not a serious drawback to toe enter tainment, Mr Price having kindly consented ;to act as bis eubstitnte. Membersof the Ballsrat Harmonic Society are roqoested to attend a rehearsal this. evening, at the usual place. A singular stroke of good fortune has just been I brought under our notice. Some five months ago I at elderly man, whose name we did not leBrn, wes so far reduced in circumstances that he and his little boy were compelled to go out fossicking amongst the old workings. Nearly the first place t'icy went to was the Golden Point lead, near B-.rbly street, aDd there they struck upon s rich pitch of ground nnder a bank of cement. At this t'i-y worked until a few days ago, when having taken out it lb weight in all, they set oS f .r England. The place has Bince been Tnsbed, and the cement is being crashed at the Llanberris claim. Late on Tuesday night it was reported to the priiceat Ballarat East that a man named John Cambridge had been robbed of £9 10s in notes and silver at Bradbury's Urown Hill hotel. He hid, it seems, fallen asleep on a form, and, on awaking, found that his money was gone. There was another man there at the time, whom Cam bridge recollected of bending over him His name is James M'Crea, and be was yesterday morning arrested and taken to the Eastern lock up. On bring searched, only some 10s was fonnd upon him; bnt Sergeant Lsrnsr noticing something peeping ont from the side of his lip, at once grasped hie throat to prevent him from swallowing it, while Constable Ready opened .bis mouth and took out three £1 notes. M'Crea, on seeing that he had been baffled, became very wroth, bnt be a ion subsided after being locked in the cell. S.vcral hours afterwards, a man named M'Nab, who is supposed to be an accomplice of MTrea's, was arrested on warrant, and brought also to the Eastern lock np. Two miners, named Swainson and Roberts, were severely iojored on Monday in the Lotliair shaft, Clones, by the explosion of a charge of gnncotton, which having hang fire, they were drilling-out. Roberts had bis leg fractured and his right hand nearly blown off, besides other harts. He was taken to CreBwick Hospital. Swainson was seriously cut abont the face, and it iB feared will lose the sight of an eye. He is N.G of the Royal Clones Lodge of M.U. Odd Fellows. A harid of larrikins oa Taesdey evening mobbed an unoffending Chinaman, who had just left bis claim, opposite toe Orphan Asylum. Their object was evidently gain, for io toe scuffle one of the jonng rascals pat bis haod into the Chinaman's pocket, and pnlled out £1, which was at once made oS with. Tbe ordinary monthly meeting of the com mittee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday, at Craig's hotel, at four o'clook. Business— Various matters con nected with the grain show, the amalgamation of this society with the neighboring agricultnral societies, and other business. Sergeant M'CuUoch, inspector of nuisances, and Dr Buoce made a tour of inspection yesterday through Ballarat. They report that in many of the streets lying north and sooth the channels are in a very defective condition, the refuse waters from the dwelling houses in the neighborhood collecting in stagnant pools, thereby creating an intolerable nuisance, particularly in warm weather. On Tuesday evening the Rev. S. Finklsteln delivered his farewell address to a large congre gation at the Kbenezer Baptist Chapel, Daoa street. . The subject selected was "ThePersecu- tlon and Deliverance of the Prophet Jeremiah." At the conclosion of the lecture Mr Edmnnd Fisher was voted : to. the chair, who after a few appropriate remarks, called upon Mr J. Mitchell and Mr W. Drum'mood, who each gave very neat and telling addresses, emphatically exonerating toe Rev. S. Finklstein from all blame concerning certain accusations which have been laid to his charge. Mr Cordukes then presented to Mr Finklstein an address, to which was attached a number of signatures of tbe late and present members of Camp street Baptist Church and other friends, numbering abont seventy. A liberal collection concluded the proceedings. The Rev. W. Henderson will lecture in St Andrew's Church this evening, at eight o'clock on " A Year of Wonders, or Europe io 1870 '« The chair will be taken by the Rev. J. W. Inglis. The most noticeable item that transpired at the meeting of the Geelong Hospital committee yes terday, was a motion that for the future the secretary find sureties, the same as similar officials do in other. institutions. The secretary 'having held his office for many years, demurred at being 1 now called, upon to find guarantee, but it was explained by the mover, Mr G. F. Belcher, that he did not take action on personal grounds. The matter stands over for the present. Abont 10J rank and file of the 1st and 3rd Ballarst Rangers turned ont for parade last night, nnder Captain Sleep. The men were drilled for some time, on the drill.; ground, when they were taken through the town, s number of evolutions h'ing 'performed on fee march. This Drum and Fife Band accompanied the men. Captains John- eon and" Musgrove were in attendance. We understand, now that toe clothing has arrived, that the new uniforms will shortly be supplied to the members. Not a bit too soon. The husiness done yesterday at the sittings of the Bdngareeshire Council was unusually" "pro-. : traded, owing to several deputations whose state ments and arguments extended' to a somewhat unnecessary length. Nearly all refered tn various wants in the way of pnblic works,', whilst the publicans mastered in great force in favor of the £10 license fee. The council, however, Mr Walker alone dissenting, declined to take any action, as all the funds tost could possibly he raised were required to make the roads. On Monday night John -Hardwicke, a farmer at Duck Ponds, ought to have returned home from the Avalon slation, bnt did not do so. On Tues day morning he was fonnd lying insensible on toe ground, not veiy far from his home. He ap peared to have "ridden agaiuat a wire fence. He was brought into Geelong and placed under medical treatment. Oa Monday evening the Rev. George Goodman,, of Grriong, visited Sebastopol for the purpose of delivering a lecture on behalf of the Church of Englsod in that town. It is to be regretted that : lectures in general, and this ons in particnlar, should be eo little appreciated by the good people of SebastopaL The subject selected, " Napoleon and toe War In Europe," wae certainly not want ing in interest, but only drew together about 100 persons. ' The lecture, which was very attentively listened -to, was worthy of a more numerous audience, being replete with useful and interesting information, and delivered in an easy and pleasing style. A meeting of the governors and subscribers to the Ballsrat Hospital will be held in the Mechanics' Institute next Tuesday, at eight o'clock, to consider the subject of revision of the rales. The official notice of Mr E. C. Moore's appointment as collector appears thlB morning in onr advertising colnmns. Lectures will be delivered at the Temperance Hall, at half past right this evening. The only basioees transacted at the City Police Conrt yesterday was tbe disposal of a drunkard; Mr Gaunt, F.M , faring on fee bench. On Monday evening the Rev. Mr Watsford, of Ballarat, delivered his famous lecture on " Court ship and Marriage," at the new Wesleyan Chnrcb, Clones, in aid of the builoing fond. The sum realised was over £25. The collections on toe previona day at the opening services conducted by that gentleman amounted to over £12. Two persons were summoned at Geelong yes terday for acting as forwarding agents without a license. In both esses it was pleaded that the defendants merely acted as agents for ether firms — "John Bannister, as sgenttor Broadbent Brothers, of Ballarat, end fawcett and Birch for Messrs M'Cnlloch and Co., of Melbourne. The cases were postponed for the prodnction of further evidence, j ; The total rainfall in Ballarat during tbe month of February was 339 inches. On toe 20th. the day we had eo much rain, the gauge registered 123 Inches. Mr W. L. Mullen's seat and compact diary for the month of March is now published. The Bendigo Independent of yesterday writea as follows of the waterpipes for Sandhurst:— " A ' Melbourne contemporary contradicts tbe statement that the pipes which have been Bent to Sandhurst are unfit for the pnrpoee for which they were forwarded, and it is also intimated that the pipeB will not be taken back to Mel bourne. Very likely not. They may turn out as useful as the outlet pipes in the MalmBbnry dam, or the cast-metal material of which the Barker's Creek syphon is composed. It is not the policy of tbe Water Supply Department to admit its . errors until each times as tbey are proved by tbe total collapse of its works, and it iB very likely that the pipes sent up here may be used, if toe water from Spring Creek is ever brought to Sand hurst; and they will serve their turn until toe practical gentlemen who approve of them dis cover that flsnge' pipes, which have to be acrewed together, and which are u-ed for pumping pur poses, are not exactly adapted for the purpose to which ft is proposed to put them." Some of those persons who fancy that they see a long way ahead were Indulging on Tneeday (says the Age ) in prognostications as to Mr Michie's fn.nre career. Because Mr Justice Williams advertises his furniture for sale, in con sequence of his family going to England, the conclusion is arrived at that Mr Job lice Williams is about to retire from bis judicial potftion, and thus creite a v&cincy; on the bench. The rumors which were rife eome time ago respecting Mr Justice Williams' resignation have been revived in fall force. . Of course, fee quidnuncs say that Mr Michie ia the coming man as Judge, and that bir James M'Cnlloch, before he leaves office, will secure the pension for Judge Williams and the vacant post for his Attorney-General. — — ; Messrs E. S. Carty and Co. will sell toe booths for the Hibernian Athletic Sports next Saturday, at noon, at Craig'e hotel. As the entries are so good, there will doubtless be still competition for theseprivileges. The Japanese troupe drew a good houee at the Theatre Royal last evening, the dress c rele beiog better filled than on some late occasions. Some f.-esh joggling and feats of balancing were intro duced, tbe audience evidenilv being snrpirsod at miny of fee more dangerous looking achieve ments of Yami Same, Sangari Kato, and Matz Noski. The performances will be repeated this evening. The panorama at the Mechanics' Institute was list evening again well patronised, the occasion b'iog a benefit to Mr John Bryan, an old acquaintance ss a manager of pnblic entertain ments. The large number of flnely-depictid views of still life, and the stirring scenes of the war, serve to give a variety unusual in this Class of exhibition, added to the clear explanations by Mr Milne, and the fine singing by Mr Ramford. The pianoforte music is well rendered and aptly arranged by Mr Read, and his accompaniments are given with good effect. At the conclusion ot the " Marseillaise," two handsome chromo- litho- graphs were drawn for, the winners being Mr Jamrs Archer (of Scott's parade), and Mr Frank lin (of Neil street). 