MELBOURNE. (t'KOM ocr. OWN" OOl'.ii'.v-l'oNUKNT.) (jatui'ilay, 10th Djccnilici'. The event of the day has I think been tne re caption of news from the Eclipse Expedition, who ire now on their return journey. During the fore* noon a brief telegram arrived to the cffect that tho Governor JUackall had arrived and .anchored in Cardwell, Clevelnnd Buy, and shortly afterwards it w.is publicly announced by placard at the II ill ol, Commerce and the Electiic Telegraph Oflicc, thatthv expedition had been a failure, by reason of bad woatlnr. This* is to be regretted in a scientific -> of view, but I do not suppose that cither tlu public of Victoria, or those private speculates wIk went on their own account, will " count the c -st," it has, afc any rate, shown our desire to co* operate in scientific inquiry. The Volunteer M trainbands"- of tho metropolis hud a Jicld-day this afternoon on tho South Yarrn. • round. . The irat.hering wmn not a law one. nnd tho youth or adolescence of tho members of the. various companies who took part in the aiiair w.u a noticeable feature, I u'mlcritnnd that, the Bishop, of Melbourne (Church of England) has convoked a conference ol dw incumbents of his pastorate to .consider the mention of Spiritism, and how to deal with it as a o.hiaui. from,ohutoh doctrine. With the Kqv, Dean Macartney's committal to ;v belief in " ghosts" Wsibe disembodied ghosts—some dilHculties seem to «tand in the way. At tho criminal sittings at iho old Supremo Court to-day, Eern;ml David, a sailor, was found guilty of stabbing his wife, and Sentenced to eighteen years' imprisonment. Georgo Ilolden, an old'man, who had been arrested in xldolaido with somo of the proceeds of the Spann jewellery robbery iiv his possession, pleaded guilty to feloniously receiving the same, and was remanded for sentence. Tho English mail via Suez i>; being now looked for, and will probably arrive beforo this is in print; Of course, her nrrival is somewhat anxibuwly looked for, as many matters arc left in .an unpleasant' ;»'vl voyi* uns->h'sfuctory condition by the loss of the Rangoon's mails, 