an eventful life. A story so strange that -it seems almost incredulous was told by a young woman, named Mary M'Everett, who appeared at the Geelong Central Police Court, yesterday, charged with larceny —although not quite twenty year? at age, if her statement be correct, she has experienced some extraordinary vicissi tudes. Three years ago, she alleges that her fate was irretrievably sealed « m Ln d a (Mucin- oy a marrmge cuiuniuwu wmu «««»»«% man, at Scarsdale. The bonds of holy matrimony were welded, she asserts, without her consent, and previous to the ceremony she was drugged with wine supplied by a company of Chinamen into whose society she allowed herself thoughtlessly to be entrapped. The Mongolian bridegroom went by the name of Dick, and the officiating clergyman — a Mr. Taylor — received a sum of £30, subscribed by the other Chinamen, for his services. Cherishing an intense repugnance for her swarthy, , .1 almond-eyed, tail-decorated, but withal lit devoted "Dick," after a very brief '-ji| -cat- and-dog experience of matrimonial J .infelicity,, the brittle bonds were rudely ; j "burst, and " Dick" retired to a pastoral P occupation — tailing sheep— on one of rf,na nf the Western District. The ; larceny of which M'Everett now stood j accused occurred in the following mau- 1 Eer; — George Thomson, a farmer re- siding at Lake Connewarre, engaged her as a servant, at a labor office in . Geelong. This was on the 12th ji instant, and on the following day .j;li; she went out to her place, l-ji Nothing uncommon transpired till In; Sunday morning, or two days after- f wards, when, on the master going into :?j!l the kitchen, he found that hisservanthad Cl: levanted. A letter produced in court wob lying on the table. The document, y badly written, was as follows pies to send my box home to my mother, ..<! my body is m sue river, i am uue oi H v life; if you come to the water you find f|- my body, take it to my poor mothers pP howse, ifdont tell her of my ghost." The letter was a sanguinary one, being ,|j bedaubed with blood, and the result '!?!; was that with all possible speed the &; police were put in possession of the facts. : Shortly afterwards Sergeant Toohey, equipped with drags, pro- Mi ceeded to;the scene of the supposed sui- f!|y cide. ' But happy precaution being ip +«v«n to examine the girl's chest before :||?! . searohirig'-for the body, a new light bu33ton thejiffair: When.- it-was- disco: :fip vered thab the . .box wasminus- every slit i particle - of property, beyond a pair of \ ;i blankets wbioh belonged toher master, f'p-i «iuH whiob be ww ardently intended to i,,jj | ... . .. - - - - he deprived of. Sergeant Toohey r< - turned, and bent his steps on the follow- in- du v to Woizaldme, on the Western road, where he discovered the servant maid of suicidal tendencies sale and sound. On being questioned about the foolish epistle, she admitted having painted it with blond obtained by nrickin- her linger with a pin- i!"r tiie theft of the blanket she was sent to orison for one month, where she will be enabled to reflect at leisure on iier extremely foolisb and humiliating esca- pade. - — Geelong JZejircss. Mklbouuse HosriTAi.. — The committee of the Melbourne Hospital held their usual weekly meeting yesterday ; l>rcs< ent. «ic Hon. E. Cohen (m the chair), HMisra. -\ -irons Gibhs, Heinecke, Knaggs, Hart, GUlbce and Br. Barker. The secretary re ported as follows :-Naireascs': In patients 73 - do, out- patients, 220 ; casualties, 2ol ; total uow cases, 5-1-1- Heaths, 8 discharged, 55- number in hospital, 3G0. Accounts amounting to £1210 0s. 10(1. were passed for navmcnt. Dr. Thomas protest against Sfe. a wooden budding for erysipelas natienta having been entered on the minute l.nnlts. it was decided tbat nothing farther need be done with respect to a request oi Dr. Thomas, that such protest be entered in _ tho minute book. The draft ofaroportto be laid before tho contributors at tho anmia1 meeting, the 24th iust. , was considered. The application of Geo. Herhy, a patient who had misbehaved himself, asking to be allow ed to remain in the hospital, was referred to DAesoxC— Tho inquiry into the origin of the lire in Little Collins-street was concluded yesterday, and resulted in tho jury hndin0 j as their verdict-'' That the premises were wilfully ret on Ere by Adolph Sanders, and that I'nilip Schott was aiding and . ahetting. Both pri.-ouurs were fully committed to take their trial on the warrant of the coroner, Dr. Youl. | 