te Jfteetir in ^jîmcg TniiEB days more only ara -wanted to pass awn; bofore the rival iaotions of Mscquarie-atreet mee again in deadly conflict. , It will ba deeply interest ing to observe the demeanour of the members ai they enter the House of _ Assembly. It ia alwayi rather funny to see a new member come in, bocausi he usually looks about, to the right and the left, and before and behind, aa if he was in search of a place to deposit his hat in; hut in the present case, when members who have been long accustomed to sit cheek-by-jowl find their old com- panions scattered-their places knowing them HO' longer-it will be indeed a puzzler. I don't know whether you ure or aro not what is called a man of " moral courage." If you are, perhaps you wouldn't mind walking into a church with a pipe or oigar in your mouth, in assertion of - a principle, for really there would ho nothing absolutely criminal in it ; but it must require a great deal of moral pluck to walk into a revolutionized Assembly and delibo [ rately pick out a new place for yourself, leaving a horriblo chasm between you and your former asso- ciates. However, I suppose that all things will settle themselves down comfortably in tho end, and we shall know who is who before this day month. ?Whore does the money come from that is being used for our new fortifications ? Mind you, if you please, I by no means propound tho question in a carping or vexatious spirit ; but as it is often asked, and may ho one of the earliest inquiries next week, some little trouble may he saved, and some curiosity relieved, by mentioning what I hoar-that under an old and almost forgotten local Btatute a sum of £3000 was mado available for dofensivo purposes, and this amount is now fallon back upon. So it seems that our financial " savings " are not always absolutely mythical. Talking of Parliament mooting very naturally reminds me of tho torrent and tempest of words that wo aro doomed to undergo. I don't want to make invidious distinc- tions where so many deserve honourable mention ; but tho following, from an American paper, has been pointed out to me by a friend ns peculiarly applica- ble J to-say ono of tho honourable members for Parramatta : Tho human lungs reverberate sometimes with great velocity, When windy individuals tndulgo tn much verbosity, They havo to twirl tho glottis sixty thousand times a minute. And push and punch tho diaphragm as though tho douco was in lt. CHORUS. Tho pharynx now goes up ; tho larynx with a slam. Ejects a note from out the throat, Pushed by the diaphragm. I remember a certain Gagging Act of which there was once some unconstitutional talk ; but, really, when ono of our inveterate prosers rises in tho House at about 2 in tho morning, it is enough to make one voto for burking him. What is ¡ i : body-snatching" is certainly a grave subject-forgive iut> ancient Joc Millorism-and I should bo tho lost to sock to make fun of a matter so solemn and serious; but there scorns to bo something awfully comic, or comically awful, about tho alleged removal of tho remains of a lato public man, for tho discovory of tho perpetrators of which indecent outrage I porcoive that a roward of £50 is offered in last night's Gazotto. Why should they thus havo disturbed tho dead ? Tom Hood's poor Alary scorns to havo beca roasonablo onough in her remonstrance : You thought tho last of all my cares Would end with my last minute, But wlion I wont to my long homo I didn't stay long In lt ; Foi tho body-snatchers they havo como And made a Bnatch at ino ; it's very hard them kind of folks Can't let a body bo ! It was Marshal Saxe, was it not, who was called up from the other side of tho big rivor by Schroeppfor, to satisfy tho curiosity of Prince Charles, and who announcod his arrival by bowling his hoad nlong the iloor of the apartment, whilo ho demanded, in sepulchral tonos, "Karl, Karl, was walt wolt mich r" My Gorman ia awfully defectivo, and I don't know that this quotation is quite correct. Besides, tho ghost himself, or rather tho ghost's hoad, or tho ghost of a hoad, may havo .boen excusablo if ho partly for- got his mother tongue, in tho hurry and confusion of such ji sudden appearance. Be thia as it may, tho piece of body-snatching roferred to in tho Gazet(6 is undoubtedly a scandal to tho com- munity, and tho question whether it really occurred or not ought to ho cleared up with- out delay. I hopo that nothing of tho kind has happened ; but if so, alas ! what shall wo say for our poor, fallible humanity ? That any of us frail miserables, with whom tho diet of worms is merely a question of u fow years, or months, or days, shall tako it upon ourselves authoritatively to doclare what particular alluvium tho dead carcass of our brother shall rot in, is indeed u picco of audacious presumption. In ono of tho latest numbers of London Punch there is a representation of two youug tourists who, having lost their way, go into a church, thevo tu decido upon tho cardinal points of tho compass by mting which wuy tho altar faces, when tho clergyman-a vory high churchman indeed-remonstrates with thom, informing thom that ho cannot allow his church to bo used for secular ipurposos, but that ' they will find an unconsecrated weuther-cock on tho ! barn hard by. Verb. sap. Captain Challis, of H.M.S. Rosario, booms to bo carrying matters with a high hand at Levuka, judging from Into Fiji papers. I duro say that ho has some troublcsomo customers to deal with, but he Kooma quito capable of doing so man-of-war fashion. I havo road an account of his investigation of a charge agains a certain Mr. de Maus, who had been accused of " insolence" towards tho British Consul, Mr. March. Tho dofondant was taken into custody by two marinos, and convoyed on board tho Rosario, whero tho captain, as a sort of nautical Rhudamanthus, prosided, hoing scated, I presume, upon tho capstan. Tho Consul did not put in un appearance., hut his absence didn't at nil intcrfore with tho jurisdiction of tho Captain, who proceeded to hind over tho defendant to koop tho penco, inform- ing him that ho must romain on board until he found bail. Do Maus scorned to ho at no pains to. conceal his opinion of tho Consul, who, according td his opinion, wns not altogether right in his hoad. I supposo it would bo idlo to expect all tho formulas of .'.tho^Ooiirt of Queen's Bench at tho cannibal islands ; but still, just for tho purpose of hooping up old English superstitions, it might ho as well not to try a man in the ahsonco of his accusor. However, tho Fijis will, perhaps not be very much longer without a mastor ; nnd if tho Prussians got hold of tho group fliero may possibly bou tighter grip over thom than oven that of tho Rosario. . . GOVERNMENT RAILWAYS.-Qa Anniversary Day singlo tickets for tho double journey will ho issued in tho Government railways as follows : For dis- tances undor fifty miles, available on tho day of isBuo only ; for distances, over fifty miles, ' available for three days. Similar tickets will bo issued for Penrith and Richmond excursionists. . ' . " 