fylw. P T LWRLJFB THE OLD, FOUR-POSTER, BY WALTER MAURICE. 0 N the east coast there are. twrp pr tlj re e feshionable watering jplapes, and about fifty unfashionable; To one of these last, carefully sejected, as being one of the most unfashionableonly two lodging-housgs and a country inn—I. betook myselif, last .August, ffith the intention of remaining there a month. I was no njqrje, jaded than a man ou^ht to be. after a year, of top hard work, and no gvwp ajnojunt, pjf.dissipation and society. • My nerves were not out of order; nor was my brain giving way under that pressure which Bets in with such , violence about the end of the season, and of . which we hear so much between the end of term and the beginning of October. And I was not contemplating an epic, or a novel, or a five-act play, l^i^ply went down to enjoy myself in a solitary way—to sail, bathe, fish, stroll about, read novels, and smoke pipes. It was about 2 o'clock in the afternoon when I got down ,there. The last eight miles of the journey were done in an omnibus, which they called a coach. One family were at my watering-place, and only one. I ascertained from my, driver that 1 might choose between the other lodging- house and the inn. There were it appeared further, no German bands and no barrel organs; .there was no circulating library and no assembly rooms. In fact, civilization, with its march, that we hear so much about, had not come this way; though its tramp was distinctly audible not many miles away. The inn was that pretty kind of inn which they represent on the stage—a low, two-storeyed house, with a.porch, and creepers clinging all over the front. On the right was a littleparlour," as they call it, which was at my service; on the left was the bar, furnished with the usual display of pewter, "fhere was a fragrant smell of thyme or of lavender in the bedroom; there was a garden behind the house, all dreamy with the hum of bees and the scents of old-fashioned flowers — .stocks, wallflowers, hollyhocks, Londpn pride, and the like; and about a quarter of a mile away was the seashore, with a long murmur of wayes. The landlord, regretting the-absence of his good woman, .brought me a little dinner of some fish and a chicken, at four. - The ale was excellent • and after dinger I ,sat in ;,the.garden and smoked, in great content, watqhing the glitter, of the light in the leaves till *he sun went down, when I returned to my parlour and got some tea. In the twilight, I went out for a stroliby the shore. It was very quiet. The family in. the lodging-house were apparently all gone to bed. There was not even a coast-guard to be seen. I undressed and took a hasty dip, and then went back to to the inn. Here I smokpd two more pipes, drank a single glass or brandy and water, and went to bed. *ou will observe that the day had ,not been exciting. '' ' "' ' There . were two-beds in the room— which was much larger than o,ne generally finds in a country inn, and extended along. the whole, front of . the house One of these, which I^adnot noticed in the afternoon,-was a-grim, dismantled old four-poster, occupying » g°od ;half 0f the, ro,9ijn. My o^n J® a Wle irpn Ji jbachelor'8 bed-r-one M the pretty.little:French things. But was a sort Ua nf of ancestral state i cumh - s ' M-fjeen. Now, its cumbrous ngging wasai, pu i led 49wn am . been / S rh ' l e s ' and hangings l^ad 2 r e t i ses ^d vallance removed ; and sack?S^S r 'l , We 4 pogt8, with the sacking of the bed, left. The pqsts seemed to preserve something of their ancient dignity; and it was npt without pride —thq Jast possession of a ruined gentleman—that theoldskeleton towered in its fallen state. t was glad to look at the contrast of the little French bed, gaudily painted in green, and gold; neat and tidy; open and low:., suggestive of quiet slumber and peaceful dreams, with a waking early in the morning, to find the early „ sun streaming in at the window, and the twitter of birds inviting one to be up. and away, plunging in .the cool waves. At present, however, the full moon was shining, clear and bright, into the room. I .opened the window and looked out. I could see its long silver light upon the water, and hear the roll of the sea on the beach. There was no other sound—not even the barking of a dog; and, with a murmur of congratulation at having found a place so quiet and so pleasant, I turned into bed„and fell asleep. ' * * * . * * * The bark of a dog—a door slamming —the sound of many voices—the tread of steps on the.ptairs. What is it ? I am $ fbol to waken so suddenly, and a greater fool for not going off to sleep at once. I address myself again steadily to slumber; think only'of soothing things ; shut my eyes hard; lie in the -inost comfortable posture. But all of no use. My feet are wakeful and restless; they kick of their own accord. - ^Something tickles my nose. Something startles me just as I . feel myself dropping off This evidently will not do. tt has just struck twelve, and there are yet three hours before dawn. I - remember the advice of Franklin. He reccommends you to get up, shake the pillows together, lay the sheets -straight, walk about the room for five .minutes, and then try again. I get,up, shake pillows and smooth sheets, walk about a little, and open the window. The moon is throwing her light full upon the gloomy Old Four-poster. * * * * * * B.road daylight. , A Vicious cool breeze comes in at the open window, and awakens me. I sit up and look round, trying to remember things. Then, suddenly, I became aware of ia most' singular circumstance. I was lying on the bare sacking of the Fourposter. A cold shudder^an through me, as I tried vainly to remember how I got there. I could not remember anything beyond looking from the window, and noticing the moon -on the old bed, and my own shadow on its sacking. A sort of terror came upon me, and I precipitately got up and retreated to my own .bed. Then- • I gradually got warm, rand reasoned .myself into the belief that I had been-sleep-walking, or had lain there for coolness. As for the troubled fueling, the sense of something terrible, which happened and been forgotten, I put it away from me —it was the effect of too many pipes. I got up, bathed, and came back refreshed and jolly. It was the loveliest day—a. day on. which a murderer's conscience would be soothed and quiet —a day when.London is hot and heavy, and the Downs ape, cool and bright —a day for a long walk, to clear out the cobwebs of the brain, to forget regrets for wasted opportunities, and to build anew gorgeous dreams of things that might be. I used the day well. I walked along the low, breezy cliff, by the sea-shore, where I met no one but a man who, I have reason to believe, vpas a poacher—at least, the ears of a hare were sticking out of his pocket. But he was. not a noxious animal, and answered tny greeting in a sufficiently civil, if,npt./friendly manner. After some six or, eight-miles of walking, I came upon an old ruined abbey, with,,a sqaall church of modern construction in its precincts, and a very pld churchyard. Beyond the abbey stood a few houses of a village. | The ruins were not much to look at. Three, walls remained, and the places where once were the windows; but of these the very tracing was gone. Ivy clung over the walls, and seemed to keep them up ; but the abbey was long since roofless and desolated I was reminded of my Old Four-poster, and made out a fanciful resemblance; thinking how a mantle of ivy would improve the appearance of that venerable relic of antiquity. Then I turned into the churchyard, and tried to read the epitaphs,; but I found nothing remarkable. In a corner of this " God's acre" was a comparatively new monument; it was a tall and rather graceful cross of white marble. In the centre of these marble tombs 1 read the inscriptions. They were to the memory of Charles Arthur Clynton, drowned" accidentally, August 16th, 1838, aged twenty-six; also of Lady Alice Clynton, his mother, died in December of the same year; and of Clara Helen Swinford, died about six years afterwards, aged twenty seven. I sat down, and thought of the mother's grief; died, too, four months after herson—probably broken hearted! And who was Clara Swinford? Perhaps his wife that was to be; and she, too, only survived him six years ! Then I surprised myself with a big tear, which fell copiously—if I may so express myself of a single tear—into my beard, and lay there like ,a.pearl. I am not-generally -given to cry over other people's misfortunes, being quite of the opinion that a gentleman can find plenty to cry about in considering his own. So, for fear of another, I rose, and addressed my steps homeward, still thinking of the terrible tragedy commemorated by that marble cro3s. • In due course I got through the day. Making acquaintance with a seafaring man—not unconnected, as one may say, with the fishing interests—I accepted an invitation to go trawlinor, or dragging, or something else, with a boat and a net. I dined at five ; had another stroll by moonlight; and ivent to bed, at ten o'clock, well tired. The first thing that caught my eye was the confounded skeleton of a bedstead; and I got into bed with words on my lips that should have been, but were not part of an evening prayer. And then I fell asleep without more ado. * * * * * What is it? I.am awakened, not naturally, but suddenly, as if I had been shaken into consciousness—thoroughly, however; and I sit up in bed, startled, confused, and terrified. The church clock is striking twelve. The moon is shining full on the sacking of that preposterous great bed, exactly as it did last night. And then the remembrance of last night comes upon me, and I begin,to shiver and tremble. It is too absurd. I lie back, and try to get to sleep again ; but it is of no use. Curiously, too, the words on the tombstone are ringing in my ears ; " Charles Arthur Clynton, aged twenty-six; Lady Alice, his mother; and Clara Helen Swinford/' „ PoorClara! Poor dear Cla—a—There's a yawn. I am positively getting sleepy again. " Also to the memory of his mother, Lady Alice." Hang Lady Alice ! There are footsteps in the road: a noise as of men talking in whispers; footsteps in the garden, footsteps in the house. I cannot remain in bed. I leap out, open the window, and breathe the cold night air. There is a confused and shuffled tramp up the stairs; then along the passage. ' They stop at my door. The door, which I had bolted, swings open. What is it that makes my heart freeze, and my eyes glaze, and my limbs stiffen with a momentary horror? What is this nameless dread that comes oyer me ? Why,do I stand .in this helpless way, staring at the ppen door? For I cannot move—lean, only watch and wait. It is only momentary, and: l ean lift my eyes and turn them groiind.the room. It is all changed. The great bed is hung round with curtains, and tassels, and fringes. Clothes are hanging about. There is an old-fashioned toilet table, covered with brushes, jewellery, and rings. The chairs are littered with riding-whips, gloves, and spurs. The table is loaded with books. The room is filled with some strange light, and the moon seems to have disappeared altogether. All this I saw at a glance, and then turned to the door. In the passage were half a dozen men adjusting a burden. Presently, they all came in, bearing—something! What was it ? Five of them were rough, fisher looking men, in sea-going dress. Before them came an old man, in some sort of livery, weeping. But they all had heavy, mournful faces ; and all bore their burden in a reverent, careful way. They put it on the bed, and lifted the cloth. Oh, God! it was a dead body ! —the body of a young man—his eyes open and staring—his cheek pale and ghastly—his jaws sunken—his long, fair hair dripping with water,and matted over his forehead ; a week a«o, a tall, strong, handsome man. They put up his fallen jaw, and closed his eyes, and laid a handkerchief over his face. And then one of them spoke, in a hushed voice, as in the presence of Death's handiwork. "I found him," he said, "off the Clewin llocks. He was beatin' about in the waves, and his poor arm was nigh crushed to pieces. See here !" He lifted the coverlet from the arm, and I saw—oh, the piteous sight!—the delicate, shapely hand bent over and crushed into the arm which, bruised and broken, lay upon the bed. " I picked him up, but couldn't get him into the boat till John Coss here, he come alongside, and helped me. Directly we got ashore, we sent up to the Hall." I don't think I was afraid. The fear had passed away very quickly; and left curiosity, and a sense ofsomething wild and strange. I waited to see what would happen next. Nor had I to wait long. Presently, there was the sound of horse's feet and carriage wheels, which stopped at the house. Then light footsteps on the stair. And once more the door flew open. Two ladies, dressed in black came in. Their eyes were red and swollen ; but they had no tears s and no words of sorrow. They stepped quietly to the bed-side, the rest silently parting to make room for them. Then the elder lady spoke :— " Take the cloth from his face. Let me see my boy." The old man interposed. " Don't ye, my lady—don't ye, now!" The poor old man. He dropped on his knees, with his face in his hands, and his whole frame shaking with sobs. I do not know which was the more pitiful sight, the grief - stricken old servant, or the wan-cheeked woman. But they took the cloth off, and the elder lady gazed lung and sadly upon the features she was to see no more. The girl clung to her arm, and after a single look, hid her face. At last she replaced the handkerchief. One of the men, with a rough grace, took a pair of scissors from the table, and cut off two locks of his fair silken hair, given one to each. " It hardly needs," said the mother. But the girl hid hers in her bosom, with a convulsive sob. " Come, Clara—come, my daughter," said the mother,and led her to the door. As they disappeared in the dark passage, I heard the girl- sob out heartbroken— "Oh, Charlie! Charlie!" The bitter, hopeless sadness of the scene came upon me like' a flood; and, unable to restrain myself,' I -wept aloud. Then it seemed to me as if the faces of the men turned to me curiously and inquiringly ; and then all of them slowly faded away and disappeared. I was standing in an empty room. The door was shut. The cold night air blew upon me from the open window, and my shadow lay, in the moonlight, on the sacking of the dismantled old bed. Then I felt my heart grow cold and sink within me; and I remember nothing more. Again I awoke, as the morning sun came in at the open window; and again I found myself, cold and shivering, lying on the bare sacking of the bed This time I had no difficulty in remembering everything; and 1 got up, dressed, and took a bath and a walk to recover my nerves. When I came back to breakfast, I found that the landlady had returned. She saluted me curiously .inquiring how 1 had slept. I thought she meant more than mere courtesy, and replied by a tremendous fib— " Pretty well; but there was a good deal of disturbance in the night." " There was, sir/' said she gravely. " And if I'd been at home before you went to bed—which I wasn't—not for fifty pounds should you have slept in that room—last night of all nights in the year." " And why not last night ?" " Last night is the night when we hear the same noises, year after year. And they do say that it's the men carrying poor Master Charles—him as was drowned thirty years ago—up to the bedroom where he slept the night before he was drowned." " And have you heard the noises ? 5 ' " I have, sir," she said gravely. And I heard them last night." " And did you ever—ever see anything?" " No," she said, " 1 have never seen anything; and I don't think there is anything to be seen. And you didn't see anything, sir ?" I thought it would be very absurd for me to spread about a new ghost story, so I told another tarradidle—a pious one this time—and said I had seen nothing. She told me the story while I was having breakfast. It was exactly as I witnessed it. The old serving man was her own father. The mother of the •drowned man died of a broken heart. The girl, who was to have married him in a foi'tnight, pined away and died' -some years afterwards, when they buried her by the side of her husband that was to|have been. In the course of the day I paid my •bill, and took a place on the omnibus for the nearest railway station. There were no four posters at the next place I slept at. Readers will observe that I have been particular as to details. For instance, I did not—as Robinson always insinuated—hear the story first, and see my ghost afterwards. No such thing. Nor had I taken too much braudy and water. My bill alone—which I have kept—disproves that assertion, which Robinson also makes. The story as it stands, and with no deductions whatever, is my first contribution—I trust my only contribution—to the ghost literature of my country .—All the Year Round. 