EXTRAORDINARY STORY- OP LORD. BROUGHAM. Ona of the moat remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issued by Messrs Blackwood:—"A most remark able thing happened to me—so remarkable that I must tell the story from the begin ning. After I left the High.School, I went with Cr , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the Univorsity. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated on many grave subjects, nmoBg others, on tho im mortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of _ ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to tho living, were subjects of much speculation; and wo actually com mitted the folly of drawing up an agree ment, written with our own blood, to the effect that, whichever of lis died first should appear to, tho other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I bad nearly forgotten liis existence. I bad taken, as I have said, a V/iljm bath; and white lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after tho late freezing X had undergone, f turned my head, round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited uiy clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair stt G——, looking calmly at mo. How I got out. of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself spraw ling on the floor. 'J'ho apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G —, had disappeared. .This vision produced such a shuck that I hud no in clination to talk about it, or to speak about it oven to Stuart j but the impression it madeupou me was to vivid as not to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have hero written down the whole history with tho dato, Dccemhor 19th, and all tho'particulars, a3 they are now freBh before inc.- No doubt I bad fallen asleep, and that tho ap-.ie truueo presented so dia linetly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had no communication with G ——, nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken - place during our Swedish travels either connected with G r— or with India, or with any thing relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough eur old discussion, undtha bargain wo had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G: must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by mo as a proof of a future state.' This was da December 19,1799. In October 1S62, Lord Brougham added as a postscript —"I have just been copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream. Cmtis inia mortis imago. And now to finish the story, begun about sixty years since. Soou after my return to Edinburgh there actually arrived a letter from India announ cing G -'s death, and stating that. he died on December 19." 