NEW BOOKS. There is a child's story by Norman McLeod, in which a little boy is represented finding his way through a forest by means of a golden thread, which he loses occasionally. and then finds again with great joy. The pursuit of knowledge is carried on in much the same way. We are all wandering in the forest of ignorance — some going deeper and deeper till they are lost in its wild mazes; others lying down to sleep in the shade forgetful that there is a world beyond, and content to remain for ever in its dim obscurity; while some have seen gleams of light, and press forward eagerly. Now and then one of these discovers a bright clue. Not the strong golden line that would lead him out of the forest, but a thin little thread that has escaped from it. Then there goes up a great shout, and many follow him. There are numbers of such little threads of knowledge scattered about, and some follow one and some another. Now and then there comes a giant among men who gathers them all up with a strong grasp, and twists them into a firm cord that can never break again. Such a man was Humboldt. His "Cosmos: unites all that was known in his day into one harmonious whole. Astro- nomy, geography, history, science, even poetry and the fine arts, all are gathered together, and form, as it were, a new starting-place for further discovery. What Humboldt did for the universe, M. Elisee Reclus has done for our own planet. In a book called "The Earth," recently translated by the late B. B. Woodward, M.A., he has given a complete "descriptive history of the life of the globe." Life he may well call it, for he aims at showing that not more certainly does the earth renew and vary her clothing of foliage and flowers than in the long lapse of ages she renews and varies the form of her surface, raising new mountains, forming new lakes, and even moving her great continents and seas from place to place. Even during historical times great changes have taken place. "In 709 the monastery of Mount St. Michael was built in the midst of a forest ten leagues from the sea ; it now stands like an island in the midst of sandbanks." Holland is gradually "sinking like a raft," while in Norway fine woods are "continually being upheaved towards the lower snow limits, and are gradually withering away in the cooler atmosphere ; wide belts of forest are composed of nothing but dead trees, although some of them have stood for centuries . . . Then a large portion of the South American continent is constantly gaining on one side what it loses on the other, and is gradually making its way through the ocean in a west- ward direction." The action of ice has had a wonderful influence upon the earth, and the chapters on glaciers, whose "Cold and restless mass Moves onward day by day," are particularly interesting. The Mer-de- Glace has been found to move at the rate of 13 inches a day in winter and 24½ inches in summer, but, as M. Reclus says, it is probable that every variation of temperature affects its progress; "that at sunset the glacier slackens its course, and accelerates it again when the luminary reappears above the ridges of the mountains; in the depths as on the surface the sun im- parts life and animation. As soon as the early rays of daybreak have lighted up the glacier its very nature seems changed. Just as in the adjoining forests, the field of ice is harmonious with a thousand small yet joyous sounds ; the little drops, falling on the pro- jections in the crevasses, tinkle as they are broken up; the gradually forming rivulet murmurs on its way ; the slopes of gravel crumble down into the crevasses; and here and there some block, uncemented from its icy pedestal, roars as it rolls down the incline. All these voices of the glacier gain strength as the snn gets higher in the heavens, but if a thick cloud suddenly interrupts the solar rays silence is gradually re-established, and the glacier waits for the return of the sun ere it resumes its song. The enormous ice river seems endowed with vitality, so much so that some enthusiastic savans as Hugi have seriously asked the question whether the monster did not possess a soul. Numbers of mountaineers in all their simplicity of mind fully believe it.' This passage is a fair example of the style of M. Beclus, who adorns his facts with all the beauty of imagination ; very different to that of Humboldt, who calmly piles fact upon fact, and trusts to the grandeur of his erection rather than to its beauty for its effect upon the mind. M. Eeclus allows himself occasionally to be led ^avray by his' poetic faculty, and when y treating of the formation of the earth brings forward the theories timidly advanced by La Place as if they were accepted universally. That part of his book, therefore, requires to be taken with a grain of doubt; but his facts may be entirely relied on. He divides his book into four parts — the earth as a planet, the land, the circulation of water, and sub terranean forces, and in these very titles we recognise the keenness of his scientific insight, and the power of his grasp of the subject. . 'Notes on the Natural History of the Strait of Magellan' is by a pioneer of science, Dr. Cunningham. fl.M.S. Nassau was in 1866 dispatched to survey the strait, which should be called Magalhaens, after its Portuguese discoverer, and Dr. Cunningham was selected as naturalist to the expedition. He gives an interesting account of the plants and animals of this little known portion of the world, and some particulars of the inha bitants who make their arrow-heads of triangular pieces of flint — the same material as those found among the most ancient vestiges of man, but most beautifully fashioned. Their only garment is made of the skins of the guanaco or Patagonian alpaca, or of otter or seal skins, and on one side of the Straits the hair is^worn outwards ; on the other, the Patagonian, it is turned inwards. The Patagonians, it appears, are more agreeable than the Fuegians. They got up a guanaco hunt for the strangers, providing horses for their benefit. There is a comical account of the revenge taken by some guanacos on a party of Yankee sailors who had been teasing them. 'Gradually the guanacos approached nearer and nearer the paling which separated them from their assailants, at the same time going through a process of churning up the saliva in their mouths till, all pre parations being completed, a volley was pro jected to the distance of two or three feet, after the fashion of a hothouse squirt, right in the faces of the enemy,' which, consider* ing their nationality, was ' not an inappro priate punishment.' There was a species of skunk shot by a sailor, called the Mephitis Patagonica, of which Dr. Cunningham, 'did not venture to preserve the skin, knowing that the operation weuld have involved his being regarded as a leper,' for the odour is so powerful that it has been distinctly perceived at a distance of two miles from the shore. We do not feel much inclined to read nearly six hundred pages about 'Cuba,' by Samuel Hazard; but we should like to bathe there in the delightful baths hollowed out in the coral rocks open to the sea, yet, by reason of the narrowness of the opening, quite inaccessible to sharks ; and we should like to have visited the tomb of Columbus, whieh our author describes ?well. On asking his guide about the dis coverer o£ America, the reply was that he knew him very well ; he was a first-rate man, lived in Cuba, but died e?er so many years ago. ' The Nile without a Dragoman' may have been very pleasant ; but we should prefer it with a dragoman, notwithstanding our author's advice, thinking it more satis factory to be cheated by one man than by a hundred. We have spoken of the travels first, because they seemed most nearly allied to 'The Earth,' but we must not omit the biogra phies, of which there is a goodly supply. The second volume of the ' Life and Times of Henry Lord Brougham' proves almost as interesting as the first. It contains a long and minute account of his intercourse with Queen Caroline, and asserts in the strongest language his belief in her innocence. 'I can most positively affirm that if every one of us [her legal advisers] had been put upon our oaths as Jurymen, we should all have declared that there was not the least ground for the charges against her.' He bring3 forward contemporary documents to prove that he himself was in private the most discreet and judicious adviser of this unfor tunate lady whom he defended in public with such spirit and eloquence. During the course of the trial he intimated that though forbearing at present to raise the veil that concealed from the world much of the sovereign's (George IV. 's) life, he reserved the right to do so, should the interests of his client require him to use every weapon at his command. This threat, he observes, was not understood at the time, being supposed to allude to mere recrimination, but it was really ' neither more nor less than to impeach the king's own title by proving that he had forfeited the crown. He had married a Roman Catholic (Airs. Fitzherbert) while heir-apparent, and thia was declared by the act of settlement to be a forfeiture of the crown ' as if he were naturally dead.' We were not in pos session of all the circumstances as I h'ave since ascertained them, but we had enough io prove the fact.' In spite of all his faults Brougham was a fine fellow. He refused the Chancellorship offered to him by Canning, because he would not leave his party with out a leader, and he lost a tine estate in Earbadoes because he wouVi not give up his effortsforthe emancipation of the slaves. Very opposite to a statesman, and yet possessing great influence in the State, round, jovial, and good-humoured Mark Lemon was beloved by all who knew him, and the Editor **JjL Punch was known far and wide. His Amends called him 'the spoon,' from his skill in mixing the ingredients for that perio dical, which he regarded with romantic devo tion, 'as a power that belonged to th- country, a national institution.' Mr. Hatton, who writes these 'Reminiscences of Mark Lemon,' first became acquainted with him in Edinburgh, on that acting tour of literarj notabilities in which Dickens shone as a stai of the first magnitude. But if Dickens w« first Mark Lemon was second, and few who have ever seen it can forget hi impersonation of Falstaff, for whicb nature had peculiarly fitted him. Wherevei lie went he waB affectionately welcomed, and wherever he went he took with him » certaix bag, and in this bag was an unfinished novel. ' He had chambers in London at 31, Bedford-street, where he wrr .3 occasionally. If his bag was there, we might be sure hii unfinished novel was there also.' ' If you saw the bag at his office in Bouverie-street, there you might be sure was his unfinished novel,' ready for leisure moments and \- bright ideas ; but the leisure moments and bright ideas never came in strange places. I He wrote not at home, but at a Email farm-house in the fields not far off. 'Writing,' said he, as an old man, 'writing does not come easy to me now. It often takes me an hour or two before I can work myself up to it. This is the pro cess. A light breakfast or luncheon, and a steady walk to the little cottage farm I told you of. When I get there I unlock my room, put out my paper, nib my pens, and get all in order. Then I go outside, light my pipe, wander into the farm-yard, look at the cows, or the pigs, or the poultry, or any thing else, sit on a gate perhaps if I can balance myself, sniff the local perfumes of hay and straw, and presently the fit comes on; down goes the pipe, up comes the pen, and away you go.' He was a good kind man, and, as Mr. Hutton quaintly says, 'he believed in one God, in one woman, and in one publication.' There is a pleasant picture of him in the ingle-nook in his quaint old-fashioned dining- room at Crawley, watching his wife with, admiring gaze as she sang 'WappingOld Stairs,' and beating time to the music with his unlighted pipe, and we take leave of the book with regret. We have all read of the man who went to see Garrick's Hamlet, and came away much disappointed. He could not see anything to make such a fuss about; 'he did not call that acting. Why, if I saw a ghost,' he said, 'I should do just like that. No, no, the King is the man for my money j you might hear him a mile off !' There are some people who cannot see anything in Miss Austen's novels — ' common-place stories about common- place people !'— while there are others who have gone so far as to divide the world into two parts— those who do and those who do not admire them. And this division is not so arbitrary as might at first be imagined, for it is only the cultivated mind that can thoroughly appreciate the truth of her minute delineations, and the exquisite humour that pervades every line of her writing. Literary men are warmest in their admiration, such as Coleridge, Southey, Scott, and, in later days, Macaulay and Thackeray. Scott says of her: — 'That young lady had a talent for describing the involvements and feelings and characters of ordinary life which is to me the most wonderful I ever met with. The big bow-wow strain I can do myself like any now going; but the exquisite touch which renders ordinary common* place things and characters interesting from the truth of the description and the senti ment is denied to me.' There are few besides Shakspeare and Jane Austen who can make a bore delightful. The clergyman in 'Pride and Prejudice,' with his care fully- composed compliments, long round-, about speeches, and devotion to Lady Cathe rine has never been surpassed. Macaulay wished to write Miss Austen's life. This has now been done by her great-nephew, and we wish he had more to tell. Her life was singularly uneventful. Bom in 1775, at Steventon, in Hampshire, of which parish her father was rector, she lived almost entirely among the village society that she delights in describing. Her beauty, wit, and grace must have made her a charming companion; but she died at the early age of 42, just when she had reached the height of her literary power. The chief interest of this book centres in the MSS. now for the first time given to the world, which are valuable as the roitgh sketches of a great artist. The 'Songstresses of Scotland,' by Sarah Tytler and J. L. Watson, is full of charming pictures from 'the daughter of a hundred Earls,' Lady Ann Barnard («ee Lindsay), half ashamed of her own beautiful song of ' Auld Robin Gray,' to the handsome Jean Glover, the Kilmarnock weaver's lassie, with her tambourine, and petticoat busked up to her knees, who married a strolling player, and danced her way through the world, leaving behind her the beautiful song, 'O'er the muir, aroang the heather.' Ac cording to these ladies, 'The song of wifely pride and tenderness is held to have been the utterance of the subtle sym pathy and latent affection of a woman who never owned a husband'— Jean Adams, who wrote, 'There's nae luck aboot the house.' She fell into poverty in her old age, and died in the Glasgow workhouse— a sad end for a woman with such a heart. The greater part of the book is devoted to the life of Mrs. Cockburn, author of the best known, though not the1 prettiest version of 'The Flowers of the Forest.' ' 1 have seen the smiling Of Fortune beguiling; I have felt its favours and found its decay. Sweet was its blessing, Kind its caressing; But now it is fled— tied far away.' This is the lady of whom Walter Scott, then a little fellow of six years old, said, ' She's a virtuoso like myself, one who will know everything.' Alison Cockburn, born Ruther ford, was a woman of character, and the queen of society at Edinburgh. She de tested the society of her own sex. ' What's a woman to a woman ?' she writes in one place; and again, 'I cannot get a man to eat a turkey with me to-day, and I think a female feast but flat,' and . ' it's a pity a woman does not mend with age as wine does.' Perhaps one of the most pleasing pictures is that of Grissell Baillie, banished with her family, the Homes, nearly two centuries ago. ' She learned the trick of serving her kindred so early and so well that she could not give it up when she was a fine old lady. Till her eighty-first year she rose the earliest of her family, and managed the most difficult of their affairs. ' She was often sent on political errands to unfortunate gentlemen lying in prison, and one of these she married. 'Grissell's daughter preserves by a single touch the wife's faithful worship and fond* ness. He never went abroad but she went to the window to look after him (so she did that very day he fell ill— the last time he was abroad), never taking her eyes from him so long as he was in sight.' She wrote ' Oh werena' my heart licit.' It appears that the journals of last month were in error in ascribing 'John Jerning ham's Journal' to the author of 'Mrs. Jerningham's Journal,' for by this mail comes a protest in verse from that lady, entitled 'A Leaf from Mrs. Jerningham's Journal,' and a more prosaic and trustworthy contradiction in the form of an advertise* ment. The name is a pure plagiary, and deceived everybody for a time. There is a host of new novels, one from Mrs. Oliphant, called 'Squire Arden,' which will keep up her reputation; one from the author of 'The Fight at Dame Europa's School,' which will mar his. Thia book, called 'Tom Pippin's Wedding,' has a certain sort of cleverness, but it ia coarse, abusive, and full of exaggerations. One would not suppose 'Benoni Blake' to be a Scotch novel; but it is not only Scotch, but very Scotch, and very charming too, full of caustic little hits, genuine humour, and pathos. There is a little too much odoui of book-making about it, and the hero falls in and out of love rather too easily; but for all that he is not to be despised. Here is a dialogue truly Scotch, John, the minister's man, is driving over the new helper, or locum Unem:— ' * Ye'll no be a psiper minister, I'll wager ? 'What makes you think so?' 'Ye're sai fut Uug and ye weer specs,' was thenam reply. 'I always use a paper,' said Mr Bowie imperiously. 'WeeL I'll mak' ma dawvy ye're a twa-hoor man.' * You are wrong, my friend. I do not believe that good comes of too much of man's preaching. As much of God's grace as we can gain from Him, and as little of human wit as may be, is the best for sinners, as we are all. ' * Och ! ' said John emphatically, ' ye winna dae for oorfolk at a'.'' "Anne Furness," by the author of "Aunt Margaret's Trouble," is an autobiographical story, and one of the most perfect of its kind. The characters seem to be most faithful portraits. Keturah, the sterling though rugged housekeeper ; Mrs. Abram, whose life is embittered by an over pressing consciousness of the personality of the devil ; and Selina Kitchen, the coarse grained nursemaid, who rose to be the wife of a hard-fisted griping man, and the owner of her master's property, all are well and powerfully drawn. "Little Men" is by the author of "Little Women" and "An Old fashioned Girl," and describes a sort of Utopian school, where master, mistress, and maids delight in noise and trouble; where bad boys become good for the sake of earning the favours of a little four-year-old Princess, and little lectures and parables have the wonderful effect of inducing reform. Except for this astonishing docility the children are very natural children, and the story will amuse the old as well, if not better, than the young, for it is as full of humour as of tenderness. Here is one little extract. Nan and Rob were lost in a wood, but fell asleep in the evening, and in that condition were found and brought home late at night. "Nan soon recovered her spirits, and recounted her perils with a relish now that they were all over. Rob seemed absorbed in his food, but put down his spoon all of asudden, and set up a doleful roar. 'My precious, why do you cry?' asked his mother, who still hung over him. 'I'm crying 'cause I was lost,' bawled Rob, trying to squeeze out a tear and failing entirely. 'But you are found now. Nan says you did not cry out in the field, and I was glad you were such a brave boy." "I was so busy, being frightened, I did not have time then. But I want to cry now, 'cause I don't like to be lost," explained Rob, strug- gling with sleep, emotion, and a mouthful of bread and milk. The boys set up such a laugh at this funny way of making up for lost time that Rob stopped to look at them, and the merriment was so infectious that after a surprised stare he burst into a merry ha! ha ! and beat his spoon upon the table as if he enjoyed the joke immensely." "Sensation Novels Condensed," by Bret Harte, will soon be bought up at the railway book stalls. They are just the sort of read- ing for a journey. We have parodies on Lord Lytton, Cooper, Dickens, Charlotte Bronte, and Lever. "The Dweller on the Threshold" will afford a good laugh to its author. "It was noon. Sir Edward had stepped from his brougham. . . . He was dressed with his usual faultlessness," but he sees a speck of mud on his boots, and seeks a shoeblack, saying, "The contact of the Foul and Dis- gusting mars the Shiny and Beautiful — and yet, why am I here ? I repeat it calmly and deliberately, why am I here? Ha, boy!" The boy looked up, his dark eyes glanced intelligently at the philosopher, and as with one hand he tossed back the glossy curls from his marble brow, and with the other he spread the equally glossy Day & Martin over the Baronet's boot, he answered in deep rich tones, "The Ideal is subjective to the Real. . . . You are an admirer of the Beautiful, Sir, you wish your boots blacked. The Beautiful is attainable by means of the coin." "Ah," said Sir Edward, thought- fully gazing on the almost supernal beauty of the child before him, "you speak well. You have read "Kant.'' The boy blushed deeply. He drew a copy of "Kant" from his bosom, but in his confusion several other volumes dropped from his bosom on the ground. The Baronet picked them up. 'Ah!' said the philosopher, 'what's this? 'Cicero's De senectute,' and at your age, too? "Martial's Epigrams," "Cæsar's Com- mentaries." What! a classical scholar?' "E pluribus unum. Nux vomica. Nil desperan- dum. Nihil hit," said the boy, enthusiastically. The philosopher gazed at the child. A strange presence seemed to transfuse and possess him. Over the brow of the boy glittered the pale nimbus of the student. . . . 'Eleven years ago,' said Sir Edward to himself as his brougham slowly rolled towards the Committee-room; 'just eleven years ago my natural son disappeared mysteriously. I have no doubt in the world but this little shoeblack is he." The Northern Telegraph.— A telegram from Melbourne, courteously placed at our disposal, conveys the gratifying intelligence that the Omeo has passed Bowen, in Queens- land, on her return from the Northern Terri- tory, and reports all well. A similar in- timation appears in an Associated Pres message. As the Omeo conveyed Mr. Patter- son and his party with the most needed portion of the stock and stores, we may take this as an indication that the construc- tion of the northern section of the Overland Telegraph is now proceeding satisfactorily, in which case there is a strong hope of the line being completed before the close of the year. The Council Vacancies.— In our business columns it is announced that Mr. Rogers has, in reply to a requisition, declined to contest the election. The Legislative Council.— A public meet- ing has been called for this evening by the Sheriff, to be held in the Town Hall, to consider the relative qualifications of the several candi- dates for election as members of the Legislative Council. The Port Lands Incorporation Bill.— We understand that "the reserve" referred to in the Bill for extending the boundaries of the Port Corporation does not include the leases recently granted of wharf sites on the North parade, which will therefore be subject to the municipal rates. This places the matter in a better light than we at first were led to infer, but the lessees of these wharf sites will have "fair ground of complaint" unless some con- cession is made to them in the matter. If they are called upon to pay rates they should be allowed to deduct the amount from the rent paid to the Government, for their leases were taken up in full expectation that they were not to be rated. Patents and Patentees.— We have received from Mr. W. H. Archer, Registrar- General of Victoria, a volume of 85 pages, containing the names and brief specifications of the supposed inventions of various persons who have applied for patents in Victoria during the year 1S69. Prefixed to these specifications are carefully com - piled indices, whilst several of the closing folios are occupied with plates of the various articles in respect to which the applicants have sought to be protected against an imitative public. We find that during 1869, 139 patents were applied for, out of which 69 were granted wholly or in part, the remainder having been refused or allowed to lapse. They relate to a wide diversity of subjects, ranging from axle-boxes to the prevention of accidents from candles, to steam cylinders, from a pocket tobacco-cutter to mining pumps, from vapour-baths to veloci- pedes. Many of the discoveries described are exceedingly minute, but still the record shows that the spirit of invention is bestirring itself amongst our neighbours. Cricket.— A meeting of |the Rising Wonder Club was held on Monday evening, September 18, when the officers elected were -.—President, J. W. Ferguson; Vice-Presidents, J. S. .Hawkes and R. K. Hilton; Captain, E. Crocker; Secre- tary and- Treasurer, F. C. Bosher, Committee, F. H, James, E. Longson, and Ferneley, Suburban Thefts.— Again complaints are pouring in of the petty robberies and wanton damage done by scampi who prowl about Kent Town, Norwood, and Kensington through the night, stealing what is easily movable, or injuring plants and trees that the growers have taken great pains with. In and near Stepney also people, with choice flowers in their gardens, grumble bitterly at having the produce of their grounds constantly mangled and despoiled. Possibly the occasional visit at uncertain times of some member of the detective force, or the presence of a trooper patrolling the outskirts of the city, would instil a wholesome fear into the breasts of the thieving sneaks who take advan- tage of the comparatively unprotected state of the suburban villages. The Hunt Club Races.— The following nomi- nations were posted outside the Globe Hotel on 1 Monday evening, September 18 :— ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB CUP. Mr. J. Henderson's b.g. Celt, aged. Mr. T. Maloney's b.m. Oyster Girl, aged. Mr. H. E. Downer's g.c. Pathfinder, aged. Mr. H. E. Downer's b.g. Priam, aged. Mr. J. Mullen's b.g. lightfoot, aged. hunters' stakes. Mr. J. Henderson's b.g. Celt, aged. Mr. F. K. Correll's b.m. Young Gipsy Girl, aged. Mr. H. E. Downer's g.c. Pathfinder, aged. Mr. H. E. Downer's b.g. Priam, aged. Mr. J. Mullen's b.g. Lightfoot, aged. Sheepshearing.— On Monday about 50 Ger- mans started from the King of Hanover Hotel, Rundle-street, by coach for Glenelff, to go from thence by a sailing vessel to Yorke's Peninsula for six weeks' shearing. Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society.— The annual meeting of this Society will be held in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall to-night. Californian Steamers.— A Nelson paper says: — "It was publicly stated by one or more of the officers of the Nebraska, when last in port, that Messrs. Webb & Co. are losing at the rate of £100,000 a year in their mail contract with this Government. And that, having regard to the goods and passenger traffic is, we suspect, about the correct thing. It was also publicly stated by the same party or parties that the subsidy of this Government to the Company did not pay more than the price of their coals." A Good Return.— A correspondent of the Pastoral Times, writing from the Darling back country, says:— "I have had a good deal of experience in the colonies — 14 years in Victoria and seven in New South Wales, and all that time on stations — and have not witnessed such a productive lambing season before. Where hands were employed the average percentage was from 111 to 135, and at large in paddocks from 80 to 106. Had there been rain the per- centage would have been incredible. Rain is much needed, the district having had none for months." The Bunyip Mystery.— A Stratford corre- spondent of the Gipps Land Mercury states that the Rev. Mr. Hagenauer and some blackfellows caught a veritable bunyip near Lake Tyers. The animal is of a light drab colour, with white spots. It is about eight feet long, and about 34 inches in circumference near the fore flippers. It resembles a seal, but without a doubt it is the animal which the blacks have often expressed terror of, and whose roaring has been the cause of so much mystery. The Rev. Mr. Hagenauer will send the creature to Melbourne for exhi- bition. A Sad Plight. — A correspondent writing from Patea to a New Zealand paper says:— "We are nearly all starving. We have had a gale blowing for about a month or six weeks, conse- quently no vessels have been able to come, and as a natural consequence, the storekeepers are out of flour, tea, sugar, currants, tobacco, &c;, and the publicans out of beer and grog. The dray road to Patea from Wanganui is all but impassable; therefore, I may say, starvation and sobriety stare us in the face. Not even the narcotic influence of tobacco is allowed us. Oh, for an ounce of birdseye, or a glass of P. B. !" A Terrible Bush Fire.— A correspondent of the Maitland Mercury writes: — "A serious calamity has befallen the district about Walgett — for miles around the whole country is in flames. The spectacle is one that cannot be described— east, west, north, and south we ap- pear to be environed by sheets of fire. The heat is insupportable, and the air most op- pressive to breathe. Huge volumes of the de- vouring element may be seen rushing headlong onwards, while again it rises in spiral columns to the sky, the smoke going up as if from a vast range of furnaces, while the aromatic odour from the burning woods is strong in the extreme. The smoke has been so dense that nothing could be seen over a quarter of a mile away, and the ap- pearance of the sun and moon could only be compared to a ball of fire. The burning par- ticles have beeu dloating about on the wind and threatening destruction to haystacks and houses, but fortunately we have escaped this danger as yet. The appearance of the country is truly awe-inspiring. At 10 miles the smallest type in a newspaper may be read at night by the flare, and the hissing and crackling of the burning trees, the falling timber, and the roaring of this terrible conflagration make up a striking scene, and one not easily to be forgotten. Had this country been heavily stocked immense destruc- tion would have ensued, but being very lightly stocked, prompt efforts may avoid the danger. The runs over which the fire has passed are— Milrea Minor, Ulah Back, Gingie, Llanillo, Dun- galeer Back, Urrie Urrie, Warrena, Uroka, Gideon, and Nugal ; and the main body of flame is now travelling south in the direction of Castle- reagh." A Young Lady Four Miles up in a Balloon.— The Utica (New York) Herald says: — "Professor Squire gives a thrilling account of the ascension lately made at Poughkeepsie. The Professor went up in the 'Atlantic,' and a Miss Thurston in another balloon at the same time. Squire ascended early to the clouds; then, seeing that Miss Thornton was not following very fast, descended, intending to tell her to throw out ballast. Before he could get near enough to give any directions, she cast overboard the contents of one sandbag; this was immediately followed by another. Professor Squire says— 'She went up like a rocket, and out of sight almost instantly.' Squire allowed the Atlantic to drift under the clouds, and in sight of the earth, until over Hyde Park, four miles above Poughkeepsie. Then he threw out sand and went up into the clear sunlight. He must have ascended nearly half a mile above the clouds be- fore he caught sight of Miss Thurston's balloon. This was then far above him, and looked no larger than a gentleman's hat. He is of opinion that the lady was at least four miles from earth. She says that the air was so cold and rare that the pain in her ears and eyes was almost beyond endurance, and she could only pull the valve-cord by winding it round her arm and throwing her weight upon it. Miss Thurston, who has another name in society, is 19 years of age, well educated, and a student at a prominent institution of learning. None of her friends save her mother knew that she was to try to manage a balloon alone. She is the niece of a late balloonist, in his day the most daring in the country, and has made about 20 ascensions with him. This was her first trip alone. She has been long acquainted with Pro- fessor Squire, and it is more than probable will make another ascension under his direction during the season." Import Duty on Live Stock.— The Hamilton Spectator, a paper in the Western District of Victoria, lately said :— "The views put forth in this journal, and followed up by Mr. Gardner, to the effect that if we must have a surfeit of protection there should be protection all round, have attracted the attention of our neighbours over the Border. One wealthy and influential grazier in the adjoining colony writes us to-day, under the signature of "South Australian," threatening the shutting-up of the Meat Pre- serving Companies if our rulers dare to impose a tax on imported live stock. Really we don't see why the squatters of South Australia and Riverina should be protected by Victoria against the sheep-owners of this colony. Our neigh- bours exclude our stock, and we admit theirs. Our neighbours pay less than half what we do for their grass, and their travelling stock devour all the herbage of our commons. We have made a railway to Echuca to enable them to convey their stock to Melbourne, and the settlers of Western Victoria, when they ask for similar advantages, are met with a denial. We hope to see the subject well ventilated." Darling Gold.— Very rich gold-bearing reefs it is affirmed have been found in the neighbour hood of Port Bourke. Western and Eastern Commerce.— The im portance and growing character of the trade between Japan and San Francisco ia shown by the subjoined extract from the Alta California, July 17: — 'The P.M. steamship America brought from China and Japan the enormous quantity of 24,000 chests of tea — a larger amount than ever transported by one vessel into the United States. She has also brought 1,000 bales of raw silk, and her total cargo aggregated a value of §2,000, 000. The contributions to our next industrial fair alone amounted to 60 tons. So full was the vessel that the larger part of the Chinese on board, numbering 370 souls, had to be accommodated on the main deck. The cabin passengers' list was the largest yet brought from China or Japan to this port, numbering nearly 100." Colonial Products.— At the latest meeting of the Victorian Foreign Industries and Forests Commission a letter was read from Mr. Alex- ander Mackenzie, of the Geelong Vinegrowers Association, asking for information as to the extraction of oil from almonds, as he has 900 trees in bearing, and many more to put out. Hie Daily Telegraph adds: — "This tree is grown with the greatest facility in all parts of the colony, and comes early into bearing. Some ripe olives from South Australia were placed on the table, as well as two large bottles of bright, clear oil, pressed out this year at the Adelaide Goal, under Mr. Sheriffs Boothy's inspection." Exterminating Sparrows.— Near Geelong a settler has put a small box containing crumbs steeped in a solution of strychnine on a pole in his garden to kill sparrows, and the dead birds lie in dozens round. The Larrikins.— In a lecture delivered by Sir George Stephen, Q.C., on "Larrikinism," in the sister province, he said that larrikinism was to be found in all classes of society and in all persons of all ages, but in this country it was especially prevalent, for in a population of 729,654 persons he found that there were 370,769 persons under age, of whom more than two-thirds were uneducated beyond what they could pick up by example and by casual inter- course with society. There were only about 100,000 educated men in the colony to rule it, and he knew not what it was to come to unless there was some material alteration in the educational system. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Gold. — We learn that recently gold has been found in three places in small quantities on the property at the junction of the Sixth Creek and the River Torrens, belonging to a Company, principally consisting of English capitalists, who purchased the land not long since with a view to prospecting for gold and developing the mineral resources of the section. They intend prosecuting the search with vigour. The Intercolonial Conference. — The sit- tings of this representative body begin to-day in Melbourne, when New South Wales is expected to have present as her Delegates the Premier of that province, Sir James Martin; the Treasurer, the Hon. Mr. Lord ; and the Postmaster General, the Hon. Mr. Docker. Tasmania— The Premier and the Hon. Mr. Dunn. Queensland— The Premier, the Hon. Mr. Palmer, and some other member of the Brisbane Ministry. South Australia — The Chief Secretary, Hon. W. Milne, the Trea- surer, Hon. J. Hart, and tho Hon. W, Morgan; Victoria, probably the Premier, Hon. G.S.Duffy, the Treasurer Hon. G. S. Berry, and a third member of the Cabinet. In referring to the Dele- gates the Argus remarks:— "It is considered desirable that they should be made personally acquainted with our own leading public men. To effect this object it is not at all unlikely that invitations will be issued to the members of both Houses of Parliament and others to meet the visitors on board the Cerberus and Nelson, with the object of enjoying together an aquatic picnic across the Bay, and at the same time affording the visitors an opportunity of judging for themselves how the Cerberus can 'go through the water.' As a matter of course, His Excellency the Governor and suite will be specially invited, and next Saturday week may be the day appointed." The National Bank.— In mentioning that the Chairman of the Melbourne Board was about to proceed to Adelaide to communicate person- ally with the Board of Directors, the Argus said "This step is taken, we understand, with the entire concurrence of the General Manager, so that every opportunity may be afforded Mr. Wright of proving the truth of his accusations, if he is able to do so." St. Bartholomew's, Norwood.— We under- stand that the Incumbency of this Church has been formally offered to the Rev. Henry Read, M.A., Incumbent of St. Michael's, Mitcham, in accordance with the unanimous wish expressed by the congregation at Norwood. Mr. Read has, however, declined to aceept it, preferring to remain at his present cure. Stow Memorial Church.— The lecture and musical entertainment to be given in the Stow Memorial Church will take place on Monday evening next, and not as announced in the Register yesterday. Church of England Home Mission.— On Sunday, September 17, the Rev. H. Read, M.A., of Mitcham, preached two sermons at St. Peter's, Glenelg, in aid of the General Church Fund and Home Mission. The rev. gentleman selected for his text in the morning Acts xx. 35 — "Re- member the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said; It is more blessed to give than receive." In the evening the sermon was from Matthew vii. 24— "Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of Mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock." The collections amounted to £7 15s. The Clare and Wallaroo Railway.— As some misapprehension exists as to the effect of the motion carried in the Assembly on Friday in reference to this subject, we have been re- quested to reprint the resolution as agreed to. It is as follows:— "That it is desirable that facilities should be given for the shipment of agricultural and other produce by the opening up communication between the port of Wal- laroo and the agricultural districts of the interior, and that with this object a report with preliminary plan and estimate of the cost of constructing a rail or tramway between Kadina and the agricultural districts north of Clare be prepared and laid on the table of this House." The Rainfall.— The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday at the undermentioned places;— - Adelaide ? 0*597 Port Augusta... 0*445 Gawler ? 0*400 Mount Barker 0*300 Blanchetown ... 0*620 Strathalbyn ... 0*160 Kapunda ? 0*410 Willunga ? 0*4J0 Auburn ? 1*750 Normanville ... 0*145 Wallaroo ? 0*300 Port Elliot ... 0-058 Moonta ? 0*300 Goolwa ? 0*190 Clare ? 0*730 Robe ? 0*230 Burra ? 0*490 Gumeracha ... 0*530 Melrose ? 0*610 Wentworth ... 0*080 Loss of the White Jacket. — The following particulars relative to this vessel will be read with interest, as there were several persons on board belonging to Port Adelaide :— "The White Jacket was a ship of 1,148 ton3, 12 years old, and was bound from Bombay to Hull, with a cargo of linseed. On the voyage Rodriguez was sighted at 1 p.m. on May 23, the weather being fine and clear, and the ship going about four or five knots, and at 20 minutes past 8 p.m. she struck on the reef and became a total wreck. A Court of Enquiry as to the causes leading to the wreck of the ship was held at Mauritius, and the evi- dence of Captain Michael Johnson, master of the ship ; Mr. McGibbon, chief officer ; Mr. Mackenzie, second officer; Peter Bassett, A.B., the man at the wheel; Henry McKenzie, A.B., the look-out man; and Edward Lawson, the steward, was taken. The evidence went to prove that the ship was lost through the most glaring negligence, the captain at the time she struck being intoxicated, and incapable of attending to his duty. The finding of the Board was that the vessel was lost chiefly by default of the master, and suspended his certifi- cate for 18 months. The certificate of the second mate was also suspended for six months, for incapacity and ignorance; and the chief officer was severely reprimanded for the careless and irregular manner in which he kept his log book, and for his want of decision and prompti- tude when relieving the second mate shortly before the vessel ran on the reef. 