ENTRY OK Tin; (JF.ICtfAN ARMY INTO BUllLIN. TJio entry of tlio vielorions army of Germany ]»»kroiI ofF with indescribable brilliance umler Mio favoring auspice* uf the finest summer weather. Its success has been tin ^rent anil ay coin I iilo.li; ns the victorioim campaign it commemorates. I'erliu is crowded; visitors from tho whole of ttor I many linvo flocked hither in I cum of thousands. Tiiu heat was great, but a roticshing brcezo blew on tins city, ami. stirred into constant. lifo tlic in numerable banners with wl'ic.lv it is decorated. At oWon o'clock t!iu Emperor appeared iijioii fclio .lempol-hofo-fehlc, was greeted with outlm vastic acclamations I>y fbe people, and with suc cessive volleys of " Hociih" from the troops massed upon tlio ground. Tlo wan surrounded by :ill tlio lloyat Princes of Germany, ami followed hy the Kmpress, the Crown l'i ineess, and Princess Charles, llaiing inspected l.l'o three linos into which the troops ivoro divided, ho placed himself at the head of tho First Division of t.he Guard* and with thoin marched down tlio lioIK« .Aljianeo Strasse "Old the Knonigs'tniolzer to the H-aiidenburtf Onto; there he was welcomed in the name of united Germany by tiO young girls, attired in white and blue, tho fore most of whom, a daughter of the sculptor lilaesor —tho artist to whom Berlin is indebted for the statue of tho limperor's father, which was unveiled later in tho day—presented him with a laurel wreath of gold, and road his Majesty a .Haltering .address. Here, also, lie was oflicii'lly re ceived hy the city of Berlin; thonce, pre-, ended and accompanied hy a brilliant staff of Princes, soldiers, ami statesmen, conspicuous aiming whom wove Field Marshals the Crown I'rince, Prince l'rcdcrick Charles, Count Moltke, I'ritico Bismarck, and General Von Hooon, his .Majesty passed down the Unter den Linden, th'ough rows of captured French cannon and mitrailleuses, amid shouts of welcome from a crowd excited with patriotic pride. Having reached the siat.ue of Bluohcv, his Majesty took up Ilia position O.I horseback, surrounded by the Princes and the general staff, and the wholu of the Guards, with detachments from every regiment belonging to tho Confederation, marched past for the space of two hours. Their reception beggars description, and there was not a hitch or blunder from first to last. Tho Kind's Grenadiers, tho mixed dctachmehts. the artiliery, and the famous Uhlans, were the objects of special popular favor. The march past concluded, tho. Emperor and suite crossed the bridge at the mid of the Linden, and in their pre sence ami of a brilliant assembly of soldiers and civilians was unveiled the statue of King Frederick William HI., amid a salvo of ltll nuns and ringiu;: of bells, the sound of martial music, and t.hoshont.s of the people. Around the statue were placed the T'.l French oag'.cs and colors captured during the war. The whole ceremony was over at half-past I, and fitly clo ed a sorbs of victories unprecedented in hisloiy. Tlio illumination night was very fine Tin; Iiinitou was illuminated from end to end with Chinese lanterns, strung on evergreen boughs, alternated with Bengal fire from the bowls on the summits of tiio frequent pillars. Tin Bradonberg gate was must brilliantly illumi nated by the electric light, as were the temporary statues erected to graco tho tri umphal entry, and the statue which was then unveiled. Tilt a late hour crowds of pedestrians thronged every thoroughfare, wheeled vehicles being forbidden. 'Die Emperor and the Court, however, transgressed the law, driving about for a considerable portion of tho evening, and received everywhere with intense enthusiasm. The troops were entertained by the civil population with the greatest prolusion, and appearances indicated that tho drink had not been spared; but it is not fair to do more than to hint at tho over-exhilaration oi men coining from such a c impaign to such a recep tion. There was not the slightest disturbance, and tlio streets were quite quiet by midnight. A Court dinner was given at tho Ivoyal Palace, tho guests numbering about 700. The Emperor niado the following speech " The day of commemoration and honor which was to hand to posterity a memorial of my Koyal Father, who led his people and ivrmy to imperishable renown and hitherto unknown prosperity, was intended to bo passed amid the most profound peace. Providence, holy over, willed ic otherwise. For a second time Prussia has been called upon, formerly with her allies, utid now in connection with tho whole of Germany, to compter by victory after victory, unparalleled in magnitude and duration, the same enemy who had previously challenged her. It is for this reason that tho cross in iron once more decorates tho breasts of our valorous soldiers. At home all classes of the population of both sexes emulated. 0110 another in joyful sclf-saorilice and neigh borly love. Tho people and the army of Germany stand out unsurpassed in the eyes of the world. I therefore now raise my glass in memory of the hero King, and in gratitude to my people," Tho Em peror shortly after again stood up and said: —" I propose a toast of thankfulness to now united Ger many, to its Monarchs and Princes, present and absent." . Military Ohatouy.—.Military eloqucnco does not appear to possess in America that character of long-wmdedncss which it occasionally displays in this country. A military reunion was recently hold at Boston, and six Generals rose to address the company. The whole six" were " through" in six minutes. General Hooker made tho longest speeeh of tho evening. " I came not; here to acquire the reputation of a politician, but to see soldiers. I don't care at all for talking soldiers, but for those that can light. I am hero not to talk, not to play politican. I do not want to do either," and " Uncle Joseph" sat down. General Sheridan Was not one minute 011 liis legs General Bnriisido "came for the express purpose of listening." General Custer bowed his acknowledgments, and General Ingalls compressed his idciis into tho simple words, "1 am very much obliged to .you." NVould that our Parliamentary colonels would give their ideas all the compressions of which they are capable! Most of them would then be silent. But, unlike the judicious Hooker, they wish " to acquire the re putation of politicians," and vainly think that talk can give it tlieni.—i'c/io. DkXTAI, Ol'KHAT.'O.N- UXDEIl DIFFICULTIES AT Gi.ASOuw.—Tiie visitors to Mundcis' Menagciie on Wednesday afternoon witnessed a performance no le s remarkable than exciting—the extraction of a diseased tooth from the jaw of a vigorous, full-grown liuii. Tho tooth was injured by a blow across tho mu2?.le, indicted by Maccomo some time a^o, when J the.animal threatened to attack him. Gradually the lion became low-spirited; he only ate his food with ditiieulty; and latterly what he did eat re quired to be cut into small slices, hast week Mr. Manders mentioned this to a gentleman who occu pies a high place in the medical profession in Glas gow, who volunteered to subject the lion to a surgi cal operation, provided the animal could be properly secured. The offer was accepted, and oil Wednes day afternoon the fore paivs of the lion were caught j and bound to the bars of the cage bv strong ropes. Afterwards the head was " lassoed," and the ropes were fastened round the animal's neck in such a manner as to prevent, as far as possible, the move ment of the lieail, and to force the mouth close up against tho bars. Thus secured, the lion was al lowed to exhaust himself by his struggles to shake himself free, and terribly fierce and violent was the rage he displayed. The doctor mounted on a tub in front of the cage. A piece of wood was placed in the lion's mouth, and at once the beast made a snap. Then a pitchfork was held up, and, placed in the meuth, kept- it open, v.hile the inside was tho roughly washed. Afterwards the doctor, pushing hts arm between the bars into the lion's mouth, and running his hand over the teeth, found the loose grinder. A terrible struggle ensued. The lion . plunged more vigorously, and howled more fright fully than ever, tossing his head from sidetosido and at times foicing his hinder as well as his fx'ont paws against the. bars. But ultimately the doctor triumphed over all difficulties aud dangers. By means' of powerful forceps he extracted the loose tooth, which was found broken and diseased near the root. When the task had heeu completed the lion sunk down completely exhausted, and while he lay steady aud quiet, the doctor cut the flesh over the jaw, and found the bone severely injured, if not broken. It was however,-deemed inexpedient to subject tho beast to another operation, and th-i excision of the injured bone has accordingly heeu postponed. Tho latest bulletins announce that the patient is making satisfactory progress, and beef tea and claret have been prescribed. Alto gether, the " operation" lasted about an hour and a-half.—Glasgow Herald. The Pic.vic is the Bay.—In order that the necessary arrangements shall be. made for successfully carrying out the picnic down the Bay, to take place on Tuesday week, it has been decided to appoint 'a committee, consisting of members of the Ministry and of the Legislative Assembly. The pro gramme to be gone through has not yet been decided upon, but it is not expected that the voyage will be a very lengthy one. A lun cheon on board is, of course, one of the items. In order, however, that parlia mentary business may not be delayed by the proposed excursion, the House will be re quested to sit on Friday next instead of on Tuesday, the evening of the excursion day. Aye. . . Want of Moisture.—Some of the farmers in the Geelong district are already, from ap pearances, anticipating bad crops, owing to the want of sufficient moisture in the sub soil, which, in some places, has scarcely been wet. The early suwn crops look must pro mising, but the late ones, from this cause, are unhealthy looking. Field peas will, it is expected, be largeiy sown this vear,;and in some instances be substituted for the present crops, the land being re-ploughed for the I purpose. —Argus. Mrs. HivnrAM's Cu.vokijt at Caxti.kmaine. —The Mail says that Mm commit tto for tho I'c'thiim concert are worUin;; with :i will to secure a, l;u\'e attendance at tho theatre on tin! 2(>Ui just. It is considered dosirablo to invite tho co-operat ion'of those living in tho surrounding neighborhood, and it may bo confidently expected that iu so worthy a cause there will l>o a hearty responso to the desire of tho committee. I ho German residents in tho metropolis havo just hold u peace festival. It was well attended, and came olF with much cclat. "iik Skii'ton- Pastoral Show will bo hold on Thursday noxt. Iiib ISungareo Stoeplcchasc, and ono or !av° other events, camo oil' on Thursday on the Dowling racecourse. Tho Handicap Flat Race was won by Miss Sheffield, tho Stceplo Mi.aso by Bluoskiu, and tho llurdlo Race by Dolo. ' As Apache Gihi,'s Revbnoe.—An inci dent which lately occurred in Western I exas is related-by tho Jil Wito Ucrahl. It seems that a young man named Chandos a native of liochostor, in -England, had made love, to a .beautiful half-bred girl, 1C years of ago. Tho girl was Apaeho aiid half French, lit addition to her great beauty, sho was in telligent, vivacious, and described as being " active and alert as an antelope." Sho was gentle and affectionate, and no one suspected her of possessing the terrible passions which jealousy subsequently raised in her bosom. I'lie English lover unfortunately became ac quainted with a white girl,named Wilson, who was 011 a visit from a Southern State to her friends iu Western Texas. Mis* A\ ilson was beautiful and accomplished, and her civilized graces proved moro than a match for tho barbarous attractions of tho Apacho girl. J he result was that Chandos desei ted the half-Iced, and becamo engaged to her rival. The wedding-day was fixed, and preparations woro made for tho mar riage. In the meantime the half-bred decided on a terrible vengeance, and "tho hitherto undeveloped instincts of her Apacho blood were aroused to all their savage fury in tho breast of Mie untutored belle of tho forest." In plain English, tho young lady in question determined to make short work of Mr. Chan dos, \\\ ith this view, arming hcrsolf with a revolver,' she went to tho houso of her lovor, crept softly, to his room, and shot liim through the heart as ho was writing- a note to his botrothei). Sho was arrested a few hours after, and confined for the night in a log cabin iu default of a prison; but hor friends rescued her, and " she fled to tho wilderness, there to take up her abode with her mothers wild kindred.*' It is impos sible to read this tale without a feeling of deep commiseration, not only for tho beauti ful half-bred, but also for her mother's wild kindred, on whoso hospitality tho impulsive girl has thus suddenly thrown herself, pro bably without, luggage, and in a highly irri table condition. "Now, gentlemen,". said a peripatetic lecturer to a somewhat noisy crowd who gathered to one of his seances in an custom village, " how would you like a good black guard story? All in favor will riso tho right hands." Nine-tenths of tho dexter-paws pro sent went up, and there was a sudden hush of all noisy demonstrations. Tho lecturer went on with his original subject for a few minutes, when some incautious individual broke out with, "Say, whore's that story?" " Bless you," was the reply, " I did not in tend to tell any such story. I only wanted to know how many blackguards aro present." "ion might havo heard a pin drop during tho lecture after that. A horsedealer had a son, who, being a, lad of spirit, proposed as a novel expedient to open a stable on the principle of strictly honest dealing; but the father, who a prudent man, discouraged tho idea, observing, "ho disliked speculation." ° A little girl joyfully arsurod her mother that sho had found cut where they made horses. " She had seen a man, in a shop, just finishing one oftheinj for ho .was nailing on his last foot." Tiie Royal Academy, Lgxdo.w There were no fewer tha-i 2,500 " rejected" pictures at the Royal Academy this year. Mr. Goodall, R.A., has sold hisEgyptian sketches to Mr. Solomon for LG,000. Mr. Faed It.A., is about to exhibit iu London his new picture, ' Ihe Statute Fair." Mr. Chevalier will exhibit at the Crystal Palace his water colour drawings illustrating the tour of the Duke of Edinburgh iu India, Ceylon, Australia, and New Zealand. Ix I urlcey thero are 20,000,000 Christian® and 10,000,000 Mahometans, yet hitherto the army has been recruited solely by Mussul mans, the Christians being exempt from military service by payment of a tax. The ellect of this law has been found so preju dical to the Mahometan.?, whose numbers are gradually reducing, that some districts in Asia Minor have been nearly depopulated by it:. Tho Porte has at length been induced to try experiments oi admitting Christians into tho army. Ijie Grkat Republic.—The history of nations has no more astonishing financial record than that which the Treasury at Wash ington has been able to issue on the 1st of .May. Only to. think of coining out of a stupendous war, prosecuted under financial difficulties which treason at home and wide spread distrust abroad constantly .aggravated to the last hour of wicked rebellion, with a debt of 2,/55,000,000 dollars, and of reducing it in six years, of peace to be sure, but not altogether free from domestic trouble, 505,000,000 dollars, and lessening the burden of annual interest in the same tims 33,000,000 dollars per annum.1 Great Britain came out of her great wars in 1815, and after taking live or six years to settle up its ac counts, found herself with a Public Debt of over four thousand millions of dollars, say Ls00,000,000, sterling, which immense total in_tho intervening half a century, 1820 to 1872, has scarcely been perceptibly reduced. —New-York Times. Mu'.riages and Divorces is the United State.?.— President Woolsey of Yale, who, says the JVety York Herald, lias "been corn Idling the .statistics of divorce, finds that in \ ennont tlie ratio ox annual divorces to annual marriages amounts for seven years to a total of 730 divorces to 15,710 marriages, or a ratio of one to twenty-one. In Mas sachusetts, for a period of four years, there was a total of 1,022 divorces to 45,372 marriages, a ratio of one to forty-four. In Ohio, in 1866, the divorces were 1,169, marriages 39,429, or a ratio of one to twenty seven. In Connecticut, in a period of eight .years, the divorces amount to 2,910 marriages 33,227, a ratio of one to eleven. Additions to the British Museum.—A plaster cast of the Tablet of Canopus, with the trilingual version in Hieroglyphs, Greek, and Demotic, has arrived at the British .Museum. Tt has been presented by the Khedive. Two bronze Himyaritic tablets from Aden, sent by Lieutenant Prideaux, have also reached the Museum. They havo been translated by tho Baron de Maltzan. They record a war carried on by Hanbaz, King of Arabia, against the town of Kadurameiek, and the ottering of sacrifices to Athtor and other deities.—Athcmcum. A gentleman advertises in a New York paper for board in a quiet genteel family, where there are two or three beautiful and accomplished young ladies, and where his society "will bo deemed a sufficiency for board, lodging, washing, and other etceteras." It was a very unfortunate selection of a hymn which our minister made last Sunday, writes a rural correspondent. He had finished a very good sermon on tho vanity of worldly tilings, when he gave notice—The parties to be joined in. marriage will present them selves after we have sung the 225th hymn, beginning, "Mistaken souls that dream of I Heaven." —iffiva-ywri How to KEEr Folks in Meeting.—When Mr. Moody was on a journey in tho western part of Mnssachussota,4io called on a brother ill tlie ministry on tlio Saturday, thinking to spend tho Sabbath with liiiu if agreeable. . The man appeared vury glad to sec him, and ^ said, " I should be very glad to have you stop and preach for mo to-morrow, but I feel almost ashamed to ask you." " Why, what is the matter?" said Sir. Moody. '' Why, our people have got into such a habit i of going cut before meeting is closed, that it ^ ■seems to bo an imposition on a stranger." " If that is all, I must and will stop and preach for you," was Sir. Moody's reply. When tho Sabbath day came, and Mr. Moody had oponed tho meeting and named the text, lie looked around 011 tho assembly and said, ■" My hearers, I am going to speak to two sorts of folks, saints and sinners. Sinners, I am going to givo you a portion first, and I ■would have'yon givo good attention." When ho had preached to them as long as he thought best, lie paused and said, "There, sinners, I have done with yon now; you may take your hats and go out of tho meeting house as soon as you please." But all tarried and heard him through. Incidents ok the Budget Debate.—A laughable incident (writes the London cor respondent of tho JJaily Review) occurred during the speech of Mr. Osborne Morgan, a peppery Welsh lawyer. Tho learned gentlo 111.111 is very demonstrative in his gestures and swinging his arms about. For want of a table to thump upon, ho .knocked Serjeant Simon's hat fwho was sitting below him) over his eyes. A scene of apologies followed and much laughter, which was increased by Mr. M'Cartliy Downing—who sat next tho Serjeant, and was equally exposed to tho orator's vehemence—gravely removing his hat, as if he had more respect for that than for tho head it covered. Mishaps of this kind are contagious, for when Mr. Stanslield (the President of the Poor-law Board) was defending tho estimates with great vigor, Mr. Glyn brought him a glass of water. He set it down oil tho table, and soon after, in tho vehemence of his address, Mr. Stansfield upset it. This produced another roar, and that again was increased by Mr. Lowe, who (careful, saving mail as ho is) began to mop up tho water with his handkerchief, but lie went about his work so clumsily that he knocked over the inkstand, which came with a crash on the floor, to the serious detriment (it was hinted) of tho Chancellor's nether integuments. Cuiuous I'iiophkcy Regarding France. —A curious prophecy, which seems to have a partial fulfilment in the present state of Franco in the events which have occurred 111 that country since the Great Revolution, wus found, written 011 purch mcnt, and anil enclosed in a leaden case, 111 the sepulchre of Bishop Christiauaus Ageda, in the year 1007\. Bishop Christianus Ageila, who was of the family of the Lothaires, afterwards Kings of Franco, was horn in 1172, and died ill 1201. He was buried in the chapel of the Holy Ghost, near Paris, where the original of the prophecy was long shown. The following is a correct translation:—"When these my prophecies shall be found, the sun shall shine upon my native Kingdom France, which at that time shall lie united to the Lion—viz., the King of England, who shall pluck many feathers out of the Eagle's wing, which shall then he her glory, but will bo of no duration, for, in the century following it will prove to her utter destruction, for there will he great shedding of blood by tho people of the kingdom. There will be wars and fury which will lust long, provinces divested of their people, and kingdoms in combustion; many strongholds and noble houses shall be put to ruins; their towns and cities shall Vie forsaken by their inhabitants, and in divers places the ground will remain unfilled There will he great slaughter among the nobility; their sun shall be darkened ami never shino forth more, for France shall be desolate, and her head person de stroyed. There shall be much deceit and fraud among her inhabitants. They shall judge and kill one another, whereupon shall ensue the aforesaid great confusion among tho kingdoms. Near this time there shall be great mutations and changes of \- kings and rulers, for the right baud of the world shall fear the left, and the north shall prevail upon the south. A great part of Italy shall bo desolate, but Venice shall bo preserved. Homo shall be burned, ami tho Popedom destroyed, and Britain shall rule that empire. Ill those times a mercurial hero, a son of the Lion, shall inherit the crown of lleur do lis by means of the kingdom of England. ' He shall be a lover of peaeo and justice, anil not swerve from tho same, and by his means the nation's religions and laws shall have an admirable change. AVhen those things come to pass, there shall be a firm alliance between tho Lion and the Eagle, and they shall have lived in peace between themselves a long time. In those times mortals, wearied with war, shall desire peace, and all these illy prophecies, shall be fulfilled before the end of the nineteenth century from tho time of our Blessed Saviour Christ." 