WAr-mA ^m^ The Lore Class— Scholars. T Theffire Class— Laborers^ '-' 4'' ' The Pacific Mails'— Quiet husbands. Permanent Headquarters— The shoulders. ? How may a njan alwaysbecome four-lianded? i — x-y upuDiing nis nscs. ? .. . ...... . : \- A lobster never comes ashore -without great risk of getting into hot water. . ' ' : ' Teeth extracted with great pains' is the ad vertisement of a Washington dentist. ; To Young Ladies. — Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, but hJf shut afterwards. . 'rilgiveyou%he.slip,'as the gardener said wh§n. he promised a'f riend a- cutting. . ! The woman that maketh a good pudding in silence is better than one that maketh a tart' reply. A Chicago paper says of a contemporary that ' It has doubled its circulation ; another man takes a copy now.' A -veteran merchant says that, although his clerks are very- talkative during the day, they, are always ready to shut up at night. j A young lady pianist who has been practising ' Let me' kiss him for his mother' says the more she tries the better she likes it. A musical author, being asked if he had com posed anything lately, replied, ' My last work1 was a composition with my creditors.'' It is said that some babies are so small that, they can creep into a quart measure, imt the way which, some adults can walk 'into soph; Measures is' astonishing. '''. '?;.''- ''-.'... ' An eminent surgeon says that spiritualism is' a disease that. can be cured by. tincture of iron; and strychnine.' . We should think strychnine : alone would be sufficient. . . .. . ' ' A gentleman took a lady out to ride the other evening, and came home with a false curl at- ; tanhed to the button on'the side of his cap. 'He, wonders how it could have got there. ' : A gentleman travelling, in Ireland said toa: very importunate beggar, 'You have lost all: your teeth!' The beggar quickly answered,1 'An' it's time I paxted with um when I'd' nothing for um to do.' An Irish newspaper claims that the pigs of Kerry are so fat that, in order to find out where their heads are; it is necessary to make them squeal, and then judge by. the sound. '.Is your note good?' asked a merchant the other day of : a person who off ered a note for a lot of goods. ' Well,' replied the purchaser, 'I should think it .ought to be; everybody's got one.' A man who pretended to have seen a ghost was asked whit the ghost said to him. ' How shsuld I understand,' replied . the narrator, ' what he said; I am not skilled in any of the dead languages.' Judge B ? , in reprimanding a criminal, among other names, called him a scoundrel. The prisoner replied, ' Sir, I am not as big a scoundrel as your Honor' — here the culprit stopped, but finally added — ' takes me to be.' ' Put your words closer together,' said the Judge, reddening. Young Scattereash complained to his father that he didn't.give him rope enough. 'It's my purse-stiings you want,' said Pater, 'and not rope.' ' Well, I don'c much care whether they are purse-strings or cheque-strings,' said Hope ful, ' so long as I have as much as I want.' Rector, to Farmer Giles — ' How came you to put my horse into the pound, Giles?' Giles — 'For trespass, your reverence. He was looking over into my garden.' Rector — 'And where is the trespass?' Giles — 'He would if he could ; and you was a saying on Sunday as how as the intention was as bad as the act.' A famous Judge had a habit of begging par don on every occasion. At the close of the as size, as he was about to leave the bench, the officer of the Court reminded him that he had not passed sentence of death on one of the criminals, as he had intended. 'Dear me,' said his Lordship; ''I really beg his pardon — bring him in.' In absence of any other messenger, a colonel sent word to 'the band, by a surgeon that some music was wanted. 'Can't blow a note,' said the drum-major, ' we haven't had anything to eat yet.' ' No excuse at all,' said the doctor ; ' blow away, there's always plenty of wind in an empty stomach.' Young men who -go to see girls have adopted a novel method of obtaining kisses. They as sert, on the authority of scientific writers, that the concussion produced by a kiss will cause the flame of a gas jet to flicker, and easily induce the girl to experiment in the interest of science. The first kiss or two the parties watch the flame to see it flicker, but soon- become so interested in the experiment as to letit flicker if it wants to. One of the most amusing yet unexpected sen sation scenes ever witnessed in a theatre oc curred lately at the Theatre Royal, Manchester. ?The curtain, drew, up for Mr. Toole to address the Court in re Bardell v. Pickwick, when the whole of the Jury mysteriously disappeared, their ' box' suddenly giving way and engulfing the 'good men and; true.' At first the vast audience who crowded; every part of the theatre were silent, fearing some dreadful accident had occurred ; but as the unlucky Jurymen rapidly reappeared unhurt, though looking very fool ish, theytroke out' into a perfect hurrica,ne of laughter, whicli- lasted several, minutes. The curtain had to be. dropped to allow the Jurymen to be 'boxed' again, and when Mr. Toole began his address he provoked another burst of risi bility by alluding; tor the J;ury as 'that worthy body of steadfast anii.immbvable men.' The four seasons— Mustard, Isalt,- pepper, and vinegar. -. .-..??- _' .j ? ???. :??'-?'.._? : -V Curioiis crockery and; sloppy; gaimenits.^ (H)ewers bf wood and drawere,of water. ; J ; . Bass ingratitude.. — GoiDg 'tick' Jor otw's milk, and then, flippantly :telling 'Simpson to V.-chalk itup.' I -- ? .- .:V-.-.-- .v -.»:.?;? -'.??' Here's^ caie of ' lofty ambition.'^— '££:' gentle man in :Ybrl£Bhife has left ifche wholejofjibis :prpr pertyto such of his descendants only as: should reach the height i$ nx feet four 'incnes*' J Snp^ posing he has no tall heirs', lie will have no heirs at alL' ? rWnat:thjBn?;'vWeil,rwe suppose 'the property will Jsiknocked down' to the' highest bidder;1; ).....-: '??'/''; r.f.^t 'V^;, '_; t.;'^ '? AS^er^.f'Jet^Qttein'ia'izai^biv; V 'i As -a- ^b;w'€S'appro^e^':(K-rp^^V'|mniRh- ment, butweshimldnot be'sortyif -every poor chiM^uMge^Jg66ablowin^hefreiar«K- ' -' 