OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) , Adelaide, May 30. The Germans of the Adelaide district have had their peaoe demonstration. You must not suppose, because it comes later in point of time than that of Mount Gam bier, that the Southeastern Ger mans gave the cue to it, or that the Deutsohen of, Adelaide and the neigh bourhood are less devoted in their loyalty to Fatherland and its Emperor than the Deutsohen of your city. % For weeks pre parations have been quietly progressing amongst the Gesqljdehafts ana Vereins of the metropolis, assisted by such local associations as are near enough to co* operate. We Englishers until the last moment were kept in the dark about the whole of the details, and when we were admitted to a knowledge of them it was only to learn that we were shut out from participation in thein. This seoreoy smells a little of treason,' argued some of the excluded; but the major part took it good-naturedljr, &nd; would not begrudge German colonists one celebration after their own heart, carried out in their own way, and kept to themselves. It was seriously proposed at first to confine the account or the proceedings to the German papers, but th&^lSnglisli press revolted against such invidious distinctions, and openly or clandestinely, I am not sure whioh, sent their representatives to the festivals. The first scene in the demon* stration was the gathering, whioh was not uninteresting. Seven or eight hundred Teutons boiling over with patriotism met each other and exchanged congratulations over the glorious triumphs of the Prus sian arms and the glorious union of Ger man states. Towards the King, M°ltke, and Bismarck the most profound loyalty was expressed, and all seemed as joyous as if they had personally lost relatives in the campaign, as indeed many of them had. nhen the greetings were over came the meeting in the ball room of the National Hotel, With a faculty of indi vidual compressibility really surprising, the whole concourse contrived to pack themselves into a space capable of seating comfortably about three hundred people, with a gallantry which to Englishmen would probably have appeared quite un called for. The whole of the principal seats were relinquished to the ladies, the de lighted males dividing their attention between glancing at them end glancing at the stage. The first to show himself upoa the stage was Herr von Treuer, the Con sul of Uuited Germany, who, naturally of stalwart form, seemed in honor of the occasion and in pride of his uniform, to swell into grand proportions. With ner vous force he delivered the prologue, which swelled over with loyal sentiment , and provoked the auditors to prolonged applause. The applause, be it under stood, did not include the hearty English. « hurrah/ but a very indifferent substitute for it-a sort of spasmodic * hooh,' which half the people were evidently ashamed of, for they confined themselves to clap ping . their hands up to the smarting Eoint. After the hoens and the clapping* ad been exhausted, then came music by the band, music by the Liedertafel, and a, modesc domestic drama in three acts* written by Oscar Ziegler of Adelaide, who out of two or three family incident® connected with the late war, contrived to work up an interesting little history. The actors were all amateurs, and they must have been stocksindeed had the influence of the warm and u genial applause with which their everyS action, almost their every word was met, failed to animate them. Instead of being stocks, they wev^L. \ amateurs who understood, tfcat the oceaj^' sion was one. to be, gay and sparkling in» and the audience, aecame.flqite enthusi astic in their app)$use. The third act., i closed with a round of toasts ,which served well to draw out. the national feeling* The first was th$ health of the Emperor1 and his family, which family took the house by storm, especially when, to heighten the effect, a portrait of the piou^ old warrior was let down on the stage in view of the publie. The nest was the Fatherland, wbicht drew out a fresh storm of ' hoehs,' and a fresh diapasm of hand clapping. Then followed a libation to the memory of the dead heroes, the fallen, in the war. This was received in solemn^ silence, but not so the "Grabesruhe," touchingly sung by the Liedertafel, whichi was applauded to tlw echo. Some of the people now retired into the gymnasium, whioh had been fitted up as a well foliaged garden divided off into arbours and bowers, persuasive of rest and peaceful enjoyment. The rest remained to'see the close of the dramatics, which was indeed* well worth seeing. It consisted of a« representation of the fabled " Wapht am. Rhein," entrusted to a beautiful girl who , retained her charmingly statuesque ap pearance as the blue and red fires, shed> their garish light and diffused their un i pleasant fumes oyer lier, and as the Lied i ertafel sang the Wacht am Rhein song. [ As an exercise of patient endurance alone it was a great triumph. . The curtain, having finally dropped the fireworks com menced. They of . course bore a family likeness to all other fireworks, but as they were the best of their kind and were let off without unnecessary delay the effect was very imposing. If I had the pyrotechnic knowledge of your reporter of the Mount Gambier demonstration I would mention the variety of rooket's, and flambeaux, and flaring wheels, and explo sive torches 5 but being perfectly ignorant upon the subject I refrain, merely observ ing that the display evidently touched a. responsive chord in the stolid hearts of the Deutschen present, and caused- them to burst out into-a volley of admiring expletives. After the fireworks came the banquet, at which Here- Voii Treuer %and Yon Bertouch overflowed with patriotic I fervour. The influence proceeding fobia ' them spread like » contagion through the company, and ' hobhs' were sounded put until the very welkin rang. Auxiliary to the banquet catne the ball, at which all danced and all enjoved themselves right loyally and vigorously. The demonstra tion, in point of fact, was a great success; and now, I suppose, so far as South Australia is concerned, the great war of 1870-71 is as if it had never been. The precedency question and the re | prieve of Douglas are being mixed up together by newspaper correspondents in rather a perplexing way. On the former subject letters have appeared from Mr. Storrie, who sneers at the Congregational" ists for troubling themselves with levels j. > I from Rev. F, W. Cox, who rebukes Mr. * Storrie for a wilful commingling of things that differ 5 from Mr. Storrie again rd proaohing Mr. Cox with being another ; from the Rev. S. Mead, who ruthlessly rends from Mr. Day the oredit of being a representative of the Baptists; and_ from j the Rev. Mr. Day, who does'nt claim to ' be anything of the kind. . On the latter subject the correspondence so far has been moderately straightforward, but it promises to branch out and involve'seve* .> ral interesting issues; The dens e&macMn;& < is Mr. Samuel Torakinson, who has re* , covered from the depressing, influence of ' the Tidemann affair, and regained hid 1 buoyancy, somewhat dashed by the pre ' 8ence of Mr. Parkes in the colony. Ho - inveighs most unmercifully against the commutation of Douglas st sentence ; condemns Mr Parsons for his part in it j proclaims himself a sympathizer with the non-murderous class; and recommends that periodical collections,should be mado among the Baptists for. Douglas's sup port. He also sneeringly-alludes to the self-proclaimed labors 6't .love'performed by Mr. Parsons. The Rev, Mr. Parsons calmly and withi dignity replies, denying that Douglas is a Baptist at all; denying that the points brought against him by Mr. Tomkinson-.'ara proved, and adding that he and others have only learned through letters in the press how '-prag matical and egotistical a citiaen Samuel Tomkinson is." He might have suggested that the Bank ofAustralasia should con*: . tribute to TideMgnn's support;for having neglected its owtHnterests until it-was too late to do other than proseoute( that indi vidual' oriminally; but he leniently for bears touching upon new grounds of pre judice. " Shakspeare's Ghost, anotlf^t correspondent, is not so quite so scrupu lous, for whilst? pleading the cause of mercy, he pertinently recommends the stern banker to-mind his own affairs and not poke his nose into things which do not concern him. A fourth letter-writer supports Mr. Tomkinson's view, and there at present the matter lies at rest. The Rev. Jas. Jefferis and the Right Rev. Dr. Short have commenced a con troversy on'the possibilities and impossi bilities of Christian union. f The subject was suggested by passages in His Lord ship's Charge which the pastor of the North Adelaide Congregational Church takes exception to as suggesting a basis of union in which it is out of the Ques tion for the other denominations to acqui esce. His letter is brief but pointed, and vigorously written. The Bishop has written a prompt reply and published it, but that I have not yet read, and would not read except from a sense of duty. The funeral of Corporal Alexander was a military one, ana as such was the largest ever witnessed in Melbourne. Over 1,500 members of the Volunteer force, with five military bands, followed the bier to the grave, while thousands of people assembled in the streets to witness the spectacle. 