TOWN TALK. Intelligence has been received to the effect that the Rev. P. Fletcher, who left Melbourne a short time ago to go home by the Californian route, has met with an accident on the Great Pacific Railway. It appears he was walking along a platform outside one of the carriages when the train gave a jolt and he was thrown over the balustrade. He broke a limb in the fall, but by the last accounts was progressing favourably under the care of the Mormons, near whose city the accident occurred. An ordinary meeting of the Town Council is to be held to-morrow evening. Among other business, the Council will be called upon to consider a report of the Public Works Committee, recommending that, " subject to a reduction of the tolls at the Barwon Bridge being made to about one-half of the rates now charged, the Town Council undertake to maintain the approaches to the bridge and to the Break- water, on the town side thereof." Also, a report from the Market Committee, ad- vising the Council not to accept Mr Webster's resignation of the lesseeship of the slaughter-yards on the 31st of July. The fifth order of the day is also an im- portant one. It is " to consider and order on the propriety of action being taken by the Council in respect to a Bill recently introduced into Parliament, by which it is proposed to alter the Act intituled 'The Justices of the Peace Statute, 1865,' so as to empower the Executive to deprive the Mayor of Geelong (as also the Mayors of other cities, towns, and boroughs) of his right, ex officio, to act as a magistrate during his term of office." The efforts of the Early Closing Associa- tion, persisent though they have been, seem doomed to be disappointed. The only practical result of the recent demonstration in the Mechanics Hall has been the closing at eight o'clock for two or three Saturdays of a few of the principal drapery establish- ments. On Saturday evening last, although the bellman was, as usual, unremitting in his endeavours to proclaim aloud the wishes of the association, the various places of business were kept open till ten o'clock. The annual election of councillors or shires and boroughs, to fill the places of those who retire by rotation, will shortly take place. In the Shire of Bannockburn Crs. F. M'Donald, Harvey, and Cameron, retire this year, and Monday next is the day fixed for the nomination of candidates. In the Borough of South Barwon Crs. Batten, Firmin, and Vaughan retire, and the last day of nomination is Monday next. A similar number of vacancies are also an- nounced in the Borough of Steiglitz, where two auditors have likewise to be elected Friday next being the last day of nomina- tion. Cornelius Redding, a cow-keeper, resid- ing off Corio-street, near the Freemason's Hotel, died very suddenly on Saturday evening. He had just returned home after making some purchases, when he com- plained of a choking sensation, and sat down on the sofa in the front room. Scarcely had he done so when he was seized with a fit of coughing, and died almost immediately. The deceased was about 50 years of age, and an old and much respected resident of the neighbourhood. He leaves a wife and four children. An inquest into the cause of death will be held to-day. The members of the Volunteer Fire Brigade will be glad to learn that Colonel Anderson, in reply to Major Heath, has consented to let the artillery bands appear in uniform on Wednesday next, on the occasion of the concert that is to be given in aid of their funds, by the Amateur Ethopians. In making known his decision the Colonel says—" One of the objects in the brigade order has been to prevent an unfair competition against persons earning their living as musicians. I don't think there is any public band at Geelong so this would not apply." The usual quarterly meeting of the Geelong Sabbath School Union was held on Friday evening, in the Chilwell Wesleyan school-room. Although rather limited, the attendance represented the various schools in the Union. The presi- dent, Mr T. Inglis, occupied the chair, and during the evening an interesting address was delivered by Mr Joyce, who described the result of his visits to various sabbath schools, and the modes of conducting these institutions. His remarks were received with evident interest by those present, and afterwards formed the subject of a lively but agreeable discussion. The financial statement read by Mr C. J. Richardson was considered satisfactory. It was an- nounced by him that the business of the book depot, where everything requisite for the schools can be purchased on advan- tageous terms, was rapidly increasing. The meeting having been addressed by several other gentlemen, all of whom urged the necessity of engaging zealously in the work connected with the Union, the pro- ceedings terminated. It was mooted some weeks since that if feasible it was desirable the Cerberus should be brought into Corio Bay when made trim, and the inhabitants of the town and district be thus afforded an oppor- tunity of inspecting her. The Age, we observe, speaks of this as possible, but as the cut through the bar gives her ample depth of water, we should hope the visit is something more than possible. Lovers of music need hardly be reminded that this evening will be presented Doni- zetti's opera of " Don Pasquale." It has never been given in Geelong before, but as it contains some brilliant passages, and as the artistes are of acknowledged talent they will, we doubt not, have no reason to com- plain of any want of patronage. A de- scription of the plot of the opera will be found in another column, and the cast for this evening will be as follows:—Don Pasquale, Signor Sitnone Grandi; Dr Malatesta, Signor Francisco Tournerie; Ernesto, Signor Leandro Coy; Notario, Signor Francisco Benso ; Norma Signora Augusta Cortesi. A plan of the hall may be seen at Mr H. Franks. Au accident of a serious character oc- curred on Wednesday last at the Viaduct. A little boy, aged six years, the son of Mrs Rynecker, while playing in the kitchen with some other children, fell backwards into a tub of hot water and was severely scalded about the body. The injuries are of such a nature that although the child still survives his ultimate recovery is con- sidered very doubtful. George Hopkins, one of the till-robbers arrested in Geelong by Sergeant Toohey on the 22nd June, and more recently sen- tenced by the Geelong Bench to two years and three months imprisonment for vagrancy and assaulting the police, was brought up at the Emerald Hill Police Court on Saturday, charged with the rob- bery of the till of the Hit or Miss Hotel on the evening of the 20th June. £4 in cash and a cheque for £2 8s had been stolen and a day or two afterwards, when the prisoner was searched at the Geeloug watch house, the cheque was found among the property taken from him. The prisoner alleged that he received it from a person who said he had been shearing up the country, and that he got 5s discount for cashing it; but the bench were disinclined to attach any importance to such a defence, and he was duly committed for trial. It may be mentioned that this is the second time the prisoner has figured before the magistrates since his removal from Geelong to Pentridge, and that only a few days ago he was sentenced to three months im- prisonment, by the Melbourne bench, for assaulting Mrs Clark, a hotelkeeper. It is likely that there will be a large attendance of firemen at the funeral of Mr Nott, the late treasurer of the Newtown and Chilwell brigade, which takes place at 3 o'clock on Tuesday. Circulars requesting their attendance have been sent to all the local brigades and to those of Ballarat. An adjourned meeting of those interested in the Barrabool Hills Ploughing Match is to take place at Ceres, on Thursday next. Out of the subscribers to the London Art Union who subscribe through Mr H. Franks, of Geelong, two have won valuable prizes. Mr J. M'Gregor jun., has become entitled to select a work of art to the value of fifty pounds, whilst Mr Morris, the secretary of the Bannockburn Shire Council, can select to the value of twenty pounds. The nomination of candidates for the office of councillor of the borough of New- town and Chilwell must be made not later than Saturday next. If there are more candidates than there are offices to fill an election will be held on the 8th proximo. James Grierson, one of the workmen at the Roman Catholic Cathedral, who fell from some scaffolding on the 15th instant and had his right arm so severely crushed that it was at first considered very doubt- ful whether it would not have to be amputated, left the hospital on Saturday. Although only a week had elapsed since the accident, the fracture had progressed so satisfactorily, as to leave little or no ap- prehension respecting his eventual re- covery, and as he preferred facing an out- patient he was allowed to leave the insti- tution on the day in question. No business was transacted at the Police Court on Saturday. A correspondent desires us to give pub- licity to the following: —Three men are now going through the country pretending to be geologists and looking for minerals, but are regular swindlers. Two have dark complexions, one rather fair. I want you to expose these swindlers, as they are calling people out of their beds, and using some influential person's name in the neighbour- hood to get their lodging and food; then next morning they have neither money or credit to settle their way. I give my name, and every information I can give to the police I will do so; but the appearance of the men may lead many a one wrong." There was a very good attendance at the Crown Hotel quoit ground, on Saturday afternoon, it being the first really fine day the members have had this season for their weekly practice. The play was decidedly above the average—in one three handed match the quoit was nowhere if more than half an inch from the hob. The match with Winchelsea is looked forward to with a great amount of pleasure, as it is said the country players are devoting much time to practice, and will be able to set the Geelong men a difficult task. It will be seen by advertisement that the meeting of all who intend to take part in the hunt on Saturday convened for this evening, has been postponed until half-past seven o'clock tomorrow evening, at the Victoria Hotel. With a judicious regard for the conve- nience of lnverleigh the Government have determined that a post-office Savings Bank shall be opened there on the 1st of August. The officer discharging the duties in con- nection with it will be the local post master. Joseph Adams, a wheelwright, was arrested on Saturday evening on a charge of ? behaviour and making use of obscene language in the public streets. An interesting game at football was played on the Drumcondra ground on Saturday afternoon by the members of the West-end Football Club. There were thirteen aside, and the captains were Messrs Duncan and Treacey. The weather was delightful, only a slight breeze pre- vailed, and there was a prolonged contest for the first goal .Two or three good scrimmages took place, and some fair skill was exhibited. Eventually the first goal was kicked for Duncan's side by Buckland. Sides were then changed, and after a struggle of twenty minutes duration the second goal was kicked for Treacey by Earls, and the match terminated in a draw. The nomination of a councillor to re- present the West Riding of the Shire of Bannockburn took place at lnverleigh on Saturday, when Mr Robert Hope, junr., being the only candidate nominated, was declared duly elected. The Herald notices that an awfully sudden death has taken place at Hotham. A dealer, named Andrew Faine, aged 31 years, was holding a bag, which his wife was filling with bones, when he suddenly dropped down to the ground. Deceased died from rupture from disease of the heart. The Mayor of Melbourne has issued 300 invitations to ladies and gentlemen to be present at a luncheon at the Town-hall, to be held to-day to welcome the Marquis and Marchioness of Normanby to Austra- lia. The Herald says that amongst those invited are the suites of the two Governors, the members of the Ministry, their honours the judges, the members of the City Coun- cil and ladies, and the M.P.s for the city and province. Reference has more than once been made to the researches of Dr Day on the subject of the guaiacum test for blood. Some time ago (according to the Argus) Dr Day furnished to Professor Taylor, of London, who we need hardly say is the leading authority in England on forensic medicine, a detailed account of his experiments, and the conclusions he had drawn from them. Professor Taylor, was so much struck with the importance of Dr Day's discovery that he made it the subject of an article in Guy's Hospital reports. The article attracted the attention of Dr Louis Penard, whose name is well known in connection with medical jurisprudence, and he translated it into French, and lately read it before the Société de Medecine Légale, the members of which body expressed themselves , in terms of warm approval of Dr Day's care- fully worked-out experiments. Beechworth purposes to have its woollen factory—and why not ? We trust that the Mayor, who has taken the matter up, may achieve all the success the object deserves. The Bendigo Independent, gives this wind up of the Ministerial visit to Sand- hurst :—The members of the Ministry, including the hons. Mr Duffy, Mr O'Grady, Mr M'Lellan, Mr Spensley, and Mr Grant, accompanied by Mr J. T. Cald- well, Mayor of Eaglehawk, visited Eagle- hawk on Friday, forenoon. The visitors inspected the Town Hall, Free Library, and Court-house. They next proceeded to the Catherine Reef United Company's mine, and were conducted over the works by Mr Eyre, the manager. Having re- turned to the township they partook of the hospitality of the Council, and then took their departure for Sandhurst, where they only remained a few moments before proceeding to Melbourne, by the noon train. Mr Whiteman, M.L.A., and a number of other Melbourne gentlemen, accompanied by Mr T. Moore, M L.A., paid a hurried visit to Kangaroo Flat and inspected the Bird's reef, then they pro- ceeded to Eaglehawk, had a look at the Catherine Reef United Company's plant, afterwards visiting Koch's Pioneer Com- pany, and terminated the inspection of the mines by a visit to the underground regions of the Great Extended Hustlers Company's mine, where they were as- tonished by the magnitude of the works, and dazzled by the golden splendours. The mining lease, No. 841, dated Sep- tember 12th, 1870, and in the name of the White Horse Q M. Co., Mount Egerton has been declared void. To show the alteration in the working of the present Land Act since the present Ministry took office, we have but to instance (states the Pleasant Creek Chronicle) that nearly every acre of land in the vicinity of Horsham has been taken up, and that fencing opera- tions are showing that agriculturists are in the field, determined to develope the resources of this magnificent country. Nearly all the available zebra stripes have, or will be, taken up, and the Wimmera district will produce for itself, instead of obtaining its supplies from other quarters. Horsham is very lively at present, nearly every resident upon it is taking up land, and in place of being a squatting pocket borough, as it heretofore has been, it will soon have to be recognised as a bona fide farming district. A meeting was to be held at Horsham for the purpose of getting up a flour mill for the district. A company called the Australia Felix Club Company, with a capital of £30,000, has been formed in Melbourne, for the purpose of offering to the public a central, convenient, and economical residence. The Age, describing the new project, says:— The intended club house will be erected at the corner of Nicholson and Gertrude streets, the promoters having entered into a preliminary contract for the purchase of the necessary ground. The building to be erected is estimated to accommodate 200 occupants beyond the space required for attendants. An annual subscription of £5 5s each occupant will be charged, which will be regarded as a portion of the general revenue of the company. The general management will be under the control of a board of directors chosen from amongst shareholders at the first meeting subsequent to the registration of the company under the Limited Liability Act. By private advices we (Herald) learn that Mr J. S. Butters is seriously ill in Fiji. Mrs Butters, it is also said, is in weak health. The Mayor of Maryborough has re- ceived the following reply (says the Adver- tiser) from the Chief Secretary to the resolutions agreed to at the meeting held at Maryborough to consider the policy of the Government" Dear Sir,—I beg to ac- knowledge the resolutions of a public meeting of which you were chairman, and which you did me the honour of forward- ing to me. In reply, let me thank you cordially for myself and colleagues, and express our gratitude for the generous support and approval which the meeting has given our policy. We trust that our future proceedings will justify the confi- dence which it has expressed. Believe me, very sincerely yours, C. Gavan Duffy." A fatal accident has happened at Majorca to a miner named Hughes, through a por- tion of the shaft caving in at which he was working. Morffew, the contractor, who was lately committed at Beaufort for perjury, having sworn that he had been stuck up and robbed, appears, for the present at least, to have escaped. The Daylesford Mercury has the following on the subject in its Circuit Court report:—" Thomas Morffew, on bail, was called to answer the charge of perjury, but did not appear. The Crown Prosecutor then applied that his bail be called upon to deliver his body, and ac- cordingly Thomas Morffew, senr., and James Stevens were called in court, but failed to put in an appearance. On the application of the Crown Prosecutor, the recognisances were ordered to be estreated, namely, that of Thomas Morffew, in £200, and those of Thomas Morffew, senr, and James Stevens, in £100 each." The Bendigo Advertiser remarks that the efforts put forth by the press to obtain the latest and best information for its readers are seldom known by the outside public, and not at all times fully appreciated. We have known many instances where the faithful servant of the public —the press—has strained every nerve to accom- plish the end of catching news as it flies, but the latest effort which has come under our notice is that of a country contemporary (The Maryborough Advertiser) who to secure the speeches at the late banquet for the information of its readers next morn- ing, had seven relays of horses to convey its reporters, with their budgets, from the banqueting hall to the editorial sanctum, and with the rising sun published seven columns of the banquet—just a column for each relay. The Circuit Court at Ballarat commenced on Friday, and sat from 10 a m. until 7 p.m. The Star observes that Alexander Hose, the defaulting clerk of the National Bank, pleaded guiity to two charges of forgery and uttering, and after some wit- nesses as to character had been called, he was remanded for sentence. The greater part of the day was taken up in the trial of John Buckley for the murder of Frederick Spracklan, in the Chinese Camp, on 20th May. The prisoner was found guilty of manslaughter, and remanded for sentence. The Government Gazette notifies that by the Electoral Act, 1865, the day fixed for the completion of the general lists is the 1st September in each year. All persons taking out electors rights on or before the 1st September next will therefore be en- titled to have their names placed upon the general lists for 1871. No person whose name is on a roll of rate paying electors for any province or district is entitled to an electors' right. A distressing accident which terminated fatally occurred at the Kyneton police barracks on Thursday afternoon. The Guardian gives the "following account of it:—Between three and four o'clock two little girls, the children of Sergeant Men- son, were playing in the sitting-room, their mother being present at the time. One of them named Agnes Ellen, about two years and a half old, climbed upon a chair which was standing near the fire, and leaned over the back to reach for something which her sister was handing to her. In doing so she overbalanced the chair, and with it, fell to the ground. In falling the child struck and overturned some boiling water which was standing on the hob, and a great portion of the contents flowed over the little girl. The mother immediately cut the clothes away and sent for Dr Geary, who, upon his arrival a few minutes afterwards, at once saw that the case was a hopeless one. The whole of the skin was off the back from the neck to the bottom of the spine, the right chest was severely scalded, and other parts of the body were more or less injured. The child was in a state of col- lapse. The usual remedial measures were had recourse to, but without avail ; the little sufferer lingered till Friday morning, when she expired. The Government Gazette announces that the hon. S. H. Bindon, chairman , the hon. W. Cole, M.L.C.;>tUe hon. R. Hope, M.D., M.L.C.; R. Ramsay, Esq, M.P.; J. F. Levein, Esq., M.P.; \V. Witt, Esq., M.P ; T. M. B. Phillips, Esq., M.P.; E Yon Mueller, Esq., C.M.G., F.lv.S., &c.; Thomas Black, Esq., M.D.; the Rev. J. J. Bleasdale, D.D ; Paul de Castella, Esq; C. Hodgkinson, Esq.; R. B. Smyth, Esq. ; and John Hood, Esq., have been appointed a commission tq report how far it may he || practicable to introduce into this country branches of industry which are known to be common and profitable, amongst the farming population of Continental Europe; to specify which of such iudustries are most suitable to our soil, climate, and cir- r,^ cumstances; and to report on the best means of promoting their introduction into Victoria, and how far the labour of persons at the disposal of the State may be advan- "* tageously used for that purpose. ' And to (i further consider and ' report on ■ the best means of promoting the culture, extension, v and preservation of State forests io Victo- ! ^ s ria, and the introduction of such foreign L,»': trees as may be suitable to the climate and r. -• useful for industrial purposes. > ^ A telegram froua Bower, to the Rock hamptou Bulletin, dated July lOtb, states gp^ that the blacks arc getting-very trouble some in town. Mr Cuuniagham, a baker, missed some flour from bis store, and set a mau to watch and secure the thief. About •i o'clock this morning a blackfellow was caught in the •"•kery, and whilst being secured he bhthe watcher very severely. After a dcpii<l'e straggle, with the assist- i ance of ipA men, he was lodged in the i lock-un, ; On The subject' of the Burut Bridge ' •writes to the Ballarat Star " I dare say you think me anything but an intelligent, active correspondent to be living in close proximity to the scene of the Burnt Bridge ghoEt story, and not to send you a para graph on so interesting and exciting a subject. The fact of the matter is, I thought the story had grown too stale, until public interest in the matter was revived by your Lai Lai correspondent. The people of Clarendon now discover that as -with other objects so with ghosts, familiarity begets contempt. But as it seems that ' distance lends enchantment to the view,' even the short dis tance to Lai Lai may render further particulars not unwelcome to the lorers of the sensational. It is generally believed that there are no ghosts about Lai Lai, except such as are in the flesh. The snorting of the iron horse proudly careering between Mount Doran and the lignite, its loud and shrill whistle on approaching the station, together with the rattle of half a hundred carriages, render Lai Lai, as a resort of ghosts, very incongruous. Not so Clarendon. Under bridges, by stone walls, in old deserted houses and deep sequestered gullies, they find a quiet and safe retreat, and woe to them who would dare to disturb them. The public knows already how it fared with the bold adventurers who disturbed his ghostship of Burnt Bridge; how, like Tam O'Shanter's Meg, they ran ' to win the keystone of the brig,' and how the bravest man among them all has betaken himself to nrsver ever since. In connection with this subject the following is the latest out. Rising early, before daylight, to feed his horses, 3Ir Campbell's ploughmau paid a visit to the haunted brick house to get some hay. Be fore he had time to strike a light or bless himself, he beard directly under his feet unearthly moaning and groaning, as of per sons smothering, and, forgetting that' words and signs have power o'er sprites in plane tary hour,' struck a light, and dispensing with words and signs, tried the magic of a pitchfork. A few probes had the desired elfeet; the hay was in motion, and in stantly were heard, in true nautical style, two gruff voices shouting 'All aboard.' They were those of two runaway sailors, ■who lodged with the ghost for the night." TheWagga Advertiser says:—"A narrow escape from a frightful fate was experienced on the 16th instant, by a man engaged at a butchering establishment in town in attend ing to a sausage-machine. The machine, a very large one, is worked by a horse, and the animal, being frightened by a child who was standing by, commenced to gallop round the enclosure. The man rushed to stop him, but in doing so part of his clothing caught in the teeth of the machine, and then ensued a frightful struggle to prevent himself being drawn into the machine and made literally mincemeat of. liiB clothes were torn into ribbons, and in another moment he would have 6hared their fate, when his piercing screams having attracted attention, the machine was stopped, and he was rescued from his perilous position, con siderably dilapidated, and half dead with fright, but without a scratch. The Brisbane Courier mentions that the driver of Cobb's coach between Brisbane and Pimpama met with a very severe acci dent on Saturday last. The young man is named Murphy, and has been only placed on the line within the last iew weeks. He had left his last passenger at Coomera, and was taking on a buggy to Xeraug Creek. Some time after he had started the pole strap gave way, and as he was going down hill the buggy, having the break upon it, ran upon the horse and caused him to lash out and kick, which upset the buggy and knocked the driver out upon the road, where he lay disabled aud insensible. Very fortunately Mr Colin Munro, a sugar planter in the neighbourhood, passed the spot about a quarter of an hour aftenvarls, and discovered Murphy lying on the road. He very kindly assisted him into his own trap, and brought him back to Binstead's, at Coomera, where he was made as com fortable as possible. Information was at once sent to Mr Shaw, Cobb and Co.'s manager at Brisbane, and also for medical assistance. Dr. O'Doherty and Mr Shaw went out to the Coomera, and found that Murphy's two legs had been broken, the right leg being a bad compound fracture, and the left leg a simple fracture. It is reported from "VVagga by the Adver tiser of the loth instant, tbat a man named Byan, who in a fit of delirium tremens had walked into the river, has made another desperate effort to destroy himself. Byan is a very powerful man, weighing fully six teen stone, and so furious were his strug gles that it took about a dozen men to carry him to the lock-up. Here he was accom modated with a strait-waistcoat and a cell ■where, mad and violent as he was, he wns locked up and left to his reflections. Early on Thursday morning the attention of the lockup-keeper was attracted by a thudding gort of noise as of heavy blows against the door or wall of the cell. Hot liking to open the cell single-handed he sent off for a constable, on whose arrival the door was opened, when a horrible sight presented itself. The cell was like a slaughterhouse, ■bespattered with biood in every direction, and in a pool of blood near the door lay the wretched lunatic senseless and with his head battered almost to a jelly. He had crawled, i1- seems, from his bed to a sitting posture against the wall, and there ham mered the back of his head against the wall until he fell stunned and stupefied through loss of blood. The doctor was at once sent for, and Ryan was securely strapped down on his bed, where he has remained ever since in a state almost of coma. The unfortunate man's friends at Beb&stopol;, where he has been mining for many years, have been communicated with, and yesterday the Messrs .Rich, we believe, came in and arranged for men to watch him through the night. He is in very precarions state. The following is a list of Crown grants, leases, &c.;, on hand at tl' e receipt and pay office, Camperdown, on the 30th ultimo:— W. Adeney 3, J. Britt 4, J. L. Currie, Cbirnside and Logan 2, D. Curdie, J. Dodds, D. Errey 3, J. Fahey, T. Ginn 2, D. Hamilton 5, Thos. Loveli, J. Moore, J, M'Kenzie 2, IV. M'Elwain, D. M'Hicul 3, J. Phelan, R. Ross, J. Tomkins, S. Wilson. Leases—W. Adcock 2, J. Rarnard, T. Bouchier, W. Burr, G. Burnip, J. Buucle, J. Blencowe, A. Beckett, J. Brain, A. Black, J. Colcott, P. Carmicbael, S. Creed, <j. tjooper, J. Chapman, T. Collins, G. Connor, D. Crichion, H- Cameron, L. Darcy, M. Duffy, P. Darcy, J. Denning, T. Llwood, J. E. Kduiugton, K. J. Eddie, T. Foster 3, W. Flower, G. Fischer, \V, Fergusson, S. Gale, G. Gray, JUL. Gibbs, T. Gardiner 2, J. Gordon, E. Gray, J Green wood, M. iieeuau, G. Hogarth, T. Hose, G. Irvine, IV. Jacobs, IV. Johnston, 11. John atone, J. Kinjoch, H. Leach, Si. Lane, D. Logan, Iff. Lynch, O. Lynch, W. Matthews, J. Moloney, J. a. Morris, G. Melville, A. Murray, M. M'llreen, M. M'Lenuau, P. M'Mahon 2, M. M'JIahon, J. M'Kenzie, J. M'Caughan, J. M'Kenua, J. M'William, D. M'William, D. M'Rae, M. M'Kenzie, IV. M'Robie 2, F. Macdonald, W. Mac donald, B. Kapthine, H. Kiramo, J. O'Keefe, W. Oliver, L. Oliver, T. Pratt, C. Pike, J. Powell, E. H. Redmond, A. Boss, A. K. Bohertson 2, C. Bobertsou, B. Bohinson, D. Robinson, M. Scanlan, W. Shearer 2, D. M. Simmons, J. Stones, M. Sexton, N. Smith 2, J. Stone, W. Sharpe, C. Scott, J. Stewart, G. Thomas, M. Turner, G. H. Thomas, T. Whelan, M. Welsh, J. West, L. White, G. Woods. Licenses—W. Butters, W. Clark 8, 11. Cowie 8, A. Egan 6, W. Miller 8. The money for the payment of the accounts of the following persons is now lying at the receipt and pay office, and can he ootaincd on application:—J. Anderson, J. H. Barber, A. M. Campbell, F. Carroll, J. Chapman, D. Denison, 11. Eastwood, J. Egan, J. Garrett, A. Gilbert 2, D. Grant, J. Grey, R. Gregcon, D. Hall, A. F. Ilart, IV. Hasty, H. C. Henderson, G. Hopwoad, J. J. Jewell, IV. Kennedy, IV. B. King, J. Leak, W. Leak, W. Martin, J. Morri son, J. Murphy 2, T. Murphy, J. M'Cal lum, K. M-Cormick; R. M'Williams, H. O'Brien, J. Parker, J.Mtoach, P. Rowan, T. J. Sanders 2, J. Silke^T. Trudgaiu, J. Vile, J. Walker, Geelong Infirmary. IVe have received from the. author, the fart of bU W>rk '< Ohnrtiauit^ shown from itself to be a divine revelation to man." The subject is treated with an ability and an earnestness of which there is quite too little in the church. At a time when there is so much reckless and ligno rant speculation as to things divine, a work such as this of the Rev. John Cooper's cannot but exercise a beneficial influence. A site of two roods in extent has been reserved in the township of Winchelsea for a|Temperance Hall. The racecourse privileges at the forth coming winter steeplechase meeting are to be offered for sale by auction by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson this day. Intend ing purchasers need hardly be reminded that the bill of fare is a most attractive one, and that the excursion trains from Mel bourne and Rallarat will probably bring numerous visitors. 