. Poor Mbb. P.—Out dear' old friend, Mrs. Par tington, says she can't abear them nasty larrikins, for she bonght a beautiful nightingowZ the other day that sang like a perfect calomel, but them boys guper&tiiiowsly; stole it; and though, she photographed for it, and adveraitied in the \HearaW and the "Edge," she has had no tidings of it since. "Then there's them etampe does they're putting down in the Bay; why, ike says a stampedo is a nub of bullocks, and I'm sure we've onllocks enough here and to spare; but, lor! tfaefolks in the whittling deportment ought to know whether the stampedoee are intended to toss up them fiddlebursters, if they come here, or not. Perhaps, if they do get here, and see now strong armed we are with our Armstrong guns, they will make stampedoee of themselves,' and save ns the expense." Here the old lady took a pinch of snufii and subsided into meditation. Wanted.—A wigfor the head of the table. A phrenological bump of a boat. A lancet for a vein of humour. The temperature of a dead heat The thumb of a hand at whist. Cotton from a Scotch reel. The tail .of an Irish ibull. The skin of a Welsh rabbit. Query.—Is old Father Time a parish priest or a curate? and does he usually wear the spur of the moment on hiB right or left boot? A Groundless Complaint. —A correspondent of one of the daily papers complains that nearly all the "bobbies" are Irish, and appears aggrieved at the fact. Cannot this English booby see that the arrangement is only another tribute to bis undoubted superiority? She Celt waits on the Saxon. If a Britisher in the exercise of his undoubted right as a free-bom " cuss" gets drunk, the Hibernian " crusher" carries him to a com fortable night's lodging in the watch-house—acts, iniact, as his valet. If, further, it pleases him to rise any higher in the scale of crime, the same obliging individual is always waiting to take him up. So that in reality, so far from "an English man" having any grounds of complaint in con sequence of the exclusion of his countrymen from the force, he ought rather to pity poor "Paddy," who is condemned to labour for them perpetually. Cons.—What makes the Yarra smell so sweet when it overflows? Because it's rose-water. What sort of bedstead would be best for a liar? A stretcher. Why is a religious enthusiast like the ghost of a gorilla? Because he's a vision- hairy (visionary). What Bhould yeu do if your temper is ruffled? Iron it out. What toilet requisites do the Franco-German skirmishes remind you of? Tooth and nail brushes, What's the difference between petitions and borough councillors? The petitions lie on the table, the others behind it. Military Agriculture.—Drilling turnips. Medical Comports.—On the arrival of the Buesian man-of-war "Haydamack," she was ordered into quarantine by the Chief Medical Officer, it being reported there were several cases of croup on board, for which a supply of remedies was forwarded at the same time, before it was discovered that the only Krupps on board were the 300-lb^guns, which stood in no need of medical comforts, having an ample supply of steel-pills for then own consumption. Botanical Jottings, by our Pet Idiot.— The tree that most resembles yourself—Yew. The one that resembles the Permissive Bill—(EDash. The shoemaker's—Boot-tree. The coachman's— The box. The dairyman's—Butternut. The huntsman's—Saddle-tree. The invalid's—Sicker more. The Presbyterian's—The Elder. Paris Taken.—Which letter of the alphabet caused most trouble to the leader of the German hosts? Letter A ; for if it had not been in Paris it would easily have been pris. What are persons in a fog? Always mxst-ified, of course. The Sauce to Study.—Beading. Bathing in Greece.—Taking a tallow "dip." Aquatic.—As winter is coming on, the last rows of summer will have to he pulled. The Civil Service no more will boast of its Government stroke^and the bows will take their leaves with the offspring of the rooster (the cox'nn), who will be knocked off his perch, and the close of the season, viz.—guernseys and flannel pants, will be laid* back (like tigers) for another spring. From our own Lunatic.—The man who fixed his memory and then got screwed, cannot unfasten himself. The knight who pricked over the plain has since been compelled to mend all the holes. The person who clinched the argu ment pawned tne hammer next day, and now wants to sell the ticket. The man never need have got tired who put a spoke in a (l Wave's wheel. The person who stepped into another man's shoes has suffered from corns ever since. The poor devil who was between the horns of a dilemma got tossed till he was quite bull-averse (boulaverse}. 