LOCAL NEWS. Bank of Adelaide. — At tlie annual meeting of shareholders held on Mon day, February 13th, Messrs. Magarey and Hay were re-elected Directors, and Messrs. Rymill and Brown Auditors. A dividend was declared of 3s. 6d. per share. Mr. Maughan on Purgatory. — " Paradise or Purgatory. — To-morrow evening, in Fianklin-street Church, the Rev. James Maughan will Improve the Death of the late liev. Father Smyth, with special reference to Bishop Shiel's opinion as to his present condition. Service at half-past 6 o'clock." The above announcement appeared in the daily papers of Saturday last, and, in consequence, a large congregation as sembled in the Franklin-street Chapel, curious to know in what way the death of Father Smyth would be improved by the gentleman who had undertaken the task. Unfortunately, however, the audience was doomed to disappoint ment, for after the usual devotions some other gentleman appeared upon the platform and announced that the Rev. Mr. Maughan, who was to have delivered a discourse upon Purgatory, was at that present moment in Purga tory himself, for "he was wreethering in agony ; yes, my brethren, wreethering in agony," and consequently the improve- of Father Smyth's death was postponed till the following Sunday. We have no doubt our readers will sympathize with poor Father Smyth's misfortune in being obliged to wait another week for the improvement of his death in consequence of Mr. . Maughan's " wreethering in agony." In the meantime, we would suggest that Mr. Maughan,, and gentleman of his class, might much more profitably employ their time in improving their own lives than seeking to " improve Father Smyth's death." Our respected Vicar- General died as he had lived, a good Christian ; and it will be well for Mr. Maughan if his own death requires as little improvement as that of Father Smyth. We understand that the con gregation assembled on this occasion seemed to have an idea that if they stayed to listen to Mr. . Maughan's substitute they would soon be sharing in Mr. Maughan's agony or Purgatory ; for as soon as they found that the pro gramme was not to be carried out they speedily began to carry themselves out, which so incensed the preacher that he indignantly demanded of them if they had come there that evening with the view of making the house of God a place of controversy, apparently obli vious of the fact that they had been called together by an advertisement announcing a subject which, to say the least of it, promised to be of a slightly controversial character. Mr; Maughan and his confreres doubtless have very strong objections to Purgatory, but, like some of Father O'Leary's friends, they may possibly " go further and fare worse." Agricultural Show. — A great number of country people are expected at the Show of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society which will be held on Thursday and Friday next. Excur sion tickets will be issued on all the Railways and free back carriage allowed to exhibits. Inquest at Port Adelaide. — On Thursday, the 16th instant, an inquest was held at Port Adelaide by Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M., on the body of William White, who was drowned the previous evening while bathing in the Magazine Creek. The evidence showed that de ceased had got out of his depth, and not being able to swim, sank before any assistance could be rendered. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The English Wheat Market. — We (Advertiser) have seen a letter from a large London house, quoting wheat on the 30th December at 58s. to 60s. per quarter, and stating that a sale of New Zealand wheat had been effected at 58s. This may be taken as reliable, and gives a more encou raging idea than has been prevalent as to the real state of the wheat market in England at the time of the mail leaving. Wheat Growing. — The quantity of wheat coming into Portland this season is very much greater than usual, more having already been shipped than was shipped during the whole of last geason. The Victoria left on Tuesday for Melbourne with 681 bags, the cargo consisting entirely of wheat, a circum- stance quite unique.-— Mount Gambier Standard. The Manual for Justices. — This anxiously looked-for addition to the law literature of the colony has been making good progress in the hands of the Government Printer since the Parliament rose. The whole of it is, we believe, in type, and the work will be ready for issue in the course of a week or two. Specimen copies have been supplied to the Ministers, and whatever may be said of the contents, the style in which they have been got up reflects every credit upon the Print ing Department, under the charge of Mr. W. C. Cox. The volume is a bulky one, containing between 900 and 1,000 Dasres, but none of the copies intended for Justices are yet ready.— Register. Sporting Item. — Mr. P. B. Coglin, on the 14th instant, shipped to Mel bourne Stockwell, a splendid colt, by Ace of Clubs, out of Apparition, winner of the Maidens at Thebarton in 1865, the St. Leger in 1867, on the same course. This colt does credit to his sire, and will be a real loss to the colony. He is to try his fortune on the Victorian Turf, and his performances will be looked forward to with interest by South Australians, and especially by all admirers of Ace, one of the finest sires ever shipped to these colonies. — Advertiser. Port Shipping. — Port Adelaide presents now an unusually animated appearance from the number of ships in harbour. Of course the principal at traction is H.M.S. Blanche ; but our agricultural friends will be more con cerned in the fact that there are no less than eleven ships loading wheat for England. The Price of Copper. — Some doubt has been thrown upon the quo tation of £82 per ton for copper, given in our special English telegram, dated London, January 23. Although this is later by two days than any other 'mes sage of which we can obtain any in formation, no other late telegrams received in town hint at an ad vance which even in a rising Vuar-( ket would be regarded as enormous. The English and Australian Copper Company's message of January 21 gives the rate at " £73, and no improvement in ore." The Secretary of the Wallaroo Mines received a letter by post, quoting large sales at £73, and a telegram under date, London, January 21, stating that " copper and ore remain the same." The Acting-Secretary of the South Australian Mining Association has had no late message, but his mail advices give the price of copper at £73. Of ' course, it is possible that an error may have occurred in the transmission of our telegram, but the figures in the manuscript are distinctly £82. — Register. The South Australian Catholic Association. — A special meeting of the above was held on Wednesday evening in S. Francis Xavier's Hall, for the purpose ' of considering what arrangements should be made for holding a picnic on Easter Monday. Owing, no doubt, to the arrival of the English mail just before the hour appointed for holding the meeting, there was not so large an attendance as usual. Letters were read from Mr. Duffield, of Gawler, the Hon. John Crozier, of Oaklands, and Mr. Davenport, of the Waterfalls, placing their grounds at the service of the Catholic Association. After a little discussion it -was unanimously agreed that the picnic should be held on Mr. Duffield's premises at Gawler, con tingent on suitable arrangements being made with the Railway authorities for the conveyance of the picnicers to and from Gawler. A committee of eight was appointed to act in conjunction with the officers in carrying out the details, and it was resolved that a depu tation wait upon the Railway authorities and report progress at the next general meeting of the Association, which will be held on Wednesday next. Sir S. Northcote on Canada. — Sir Stafford Northcote, speaking of Canada, at Crediton, on Monday, said that there was now in Upper Canada a very strong feeling against annexation with the United States. He believed no other part of the empire was of greater value to England. He had no doubt we should seetheresources of Canada largely developed by the completion of the great railway system, and it would be then most important that ocean communication should be made to fit it. As a home for English emigrants Canada was invalu able, very few countries offering such advantages. A Present to the Pope. — A letter from Rome says, " Rich gifts continue to pour in upon His Holiness. A day or two ago he was sitting alone, when he suddenly perceived at his side a veiled lady who, as he looked up, sank on her knees, and presented him with a casket of gold. Astonished that anyone could come into his . saloon unan nounced, the Holy Father waited for an explanation, but the mysterious stranger merely said, "Pray and hope;" and before the Pope recovered from his surprise, left the saloon by the great door. The Holy Father instantly sum moned Monsignor Ricci, the Maestro di Camera, and inquired why the lady had not been announced. It was now Monsignor Ricci's turn to be astonished, and he declared that no lady had been there. " Not only has one been here, but she presented me with this," re plied the Pope, holding up the casket. The casket was opened, and the Holy Father drew from it an ivory crucifix of exquisite workmanship. No Popery Again — We were beginning to for get Newdegate, Whalley Charley, and Co., but "here they are again :" aC least here, is the head of the firm. We notice that at a public dinner in Warwickshire Mr. Newdegate has lately made a speech reviewing the year which is now drawing to a close. Being an agricultural gathering, several of the members of the Society were absent from this annual dinner, being in town for the Cattle Show. Lucky fellows, who could thus escape the infliction of a Newdegate oration. Their happy lot reminds us of the old line — " Fortunatos agricolas sus si bona norint." The member for North Warwickshire, how ever, was not discouraged, but went over his old themes with his well- known volubility. The infallibility of the Pope, the thunderstorms in Rome, the war in Catholic France, the revolution in Catholic Spain, all were treated of, and, as usual, the Jesuits came in for their oft-repeated scolding. The whole oration wound up with advising England not to go to war with Russia, for that in reality Russia is a Protestant country. Well, we don't think that England will go to war with Russia, but we should be slow to attribute her disinclination to any sympathy with" Russian Protestantism," whatever that may be. The Empress and the Poor Pri soners. — " The Empress Eugenie has," says the Post , invited Dr. Piesse to Chiselhurst to take part in a consulta tion in reference to the formation of a Society to aid the French prisoners in the various fortresses in Germany. Many of the prisoners are enduring great suffering from the want of cloth ing, more particularly in the North, on account of the cold and inclement weather." The King of Prussia and the Imperial Crown. — The great ceremony of the presentation of the address of the North German Parliament to the King of Prussia at Versailles, requesting him to assume the imperial crown, took place on Sunday. The deputation pro ceeded in rough and ready carriages of any sort to the prefecture, where the king is quartered. The Avenue de Paris was alive with people. Every one wished to see Bismark and Moltke. The Crown Prince and the other princes 1 of the Third Army and of the king's i staff were present. The address was I read to the king, and favourably re- j sponded to. No salute was fired ; but in its place could be heard the distant canonnading in the front. j Death of Lady Victoria Hope- Scott. — We deeply regret to announce the death of Lady Victoria Hope-Scott, which occurred on Tuesday morning, shortly after 11 o'clock, at the Duke of Norfolk's residence in St. James's Square. Her ladyship had given birth to a son on the 1 1th inst. Her death is a sad bereavement to her family. Lady Victoria Hope-Scott was the eldest daughter of Henry Granville Fitz-Allan Howard, 17th Duke of Norfolk, and sister of the present Duke; she was born in July, 1840, and married, in; 1861, Mr. Hope-Scott, by whom she leaves a young family. America Threatens England. — America has not allowed us to remain long in suspense. After General Butler comes President Grant. And the small pistol shot we had lately from the former was only to get our ears ready for the heavy cannonade which the Pre sident has just let off in the shape of a message. The Alabama claims are again threatingly before us, and England is once more invited to give those demands her earliest attention. The fancied injury that America sustains by the Act relating to the Canadian fish eries is the seconjl cause of complaint, and between them both the prospect of a longer period of undeclared war is fading away. The motive that could' have influenced the President to raise " the ghost " again may be twofold. He may think the present the best opportunity (considering the Russian difficulty) of extracting from England what she flatly refused before. Or, again, there are such things as elections in America, and Presidents themselves are subject to the ballot-box. Looking to this coming event the President may begin to feel anxious about his re-elec tion to office, and nothing could tend more to secure his popularity than the step he has just taken. But whatever be the policy that has evoked the mes sage, the only peaceful solution of the " great claim " that America can expect from England is that which America herself proposed and then refused — arbitration. A Legitimate Officer and the Marseillaise. — The following scene is related hy an eye-witness. A captain of the line, dangerously wounded on the 2nd, was undergoing an operation under chloroform, when in the midst of it he began to shout to his troops to charge, accompanying it with words of en couragement. Then, he broke into the strains of the Marseillaise. Suddenly, however he stoppe'dfflt cfe ca," said he ; " moi/jeuis legitimist!, seulement il no faut pas le dire parceqtje ca suivrait & rqon avancement." Tlie cruel knife was going all this time, b;iit at so unexpected an avowal there Was one explosion of laughter in which Nelaton himself, who was operating, was constrained to join. A Brave French Soldier. — The correspondent of the Post , writing from St. Maur, gives the following interesting account of the late Commandent Fran- chetti, who was killed in the sortie from Paris : — He was the very beau-ideal of a cavalry leader — young, handsome, rich, a splendid rider, brave of course, and adored by his Eclaireurs, who, by the way, were all men of family and position. One of them tells me this annecdote of him : — On the 2nd, the day on which he was mortally wounded, his squadron, being in a very dangerous position and under heavy fire, was ordered to retreat. He begged at least that they might make a dash at the Prussians, but the order was reiterated, and he gave the word to retire — " Am pas." The aide-de-camp, however, as he passed the head of the spuadron, told one of the officers to trot, which accordingly was done, till the trot degenerated into a gallop. Franchetti was furious. He put spurs to his horse, reached the head of his men, and shouted, " Escadron halte," in a voice of thunder. They obeyed, while the Prussian shells continued to fall aboit them. Then, drawing his watch from his pocket, he looked carefully at the hour, leisurely wound it up, and re turned it. Then he took out a cigarette paper, delicately rolled up a cigarette, and asked for a match. One was jfpro- duced, upon which he lit his cigarette, rolled it in his mouth, looked at his watch again, and said, "Escadron en avant au pas — marche ! " and thus the little troop walked off the field under a terrible fire before the whole army.. Subsequently in the day he received from the shell which has killed him a terrible wound in the upper part of the thigh, but he still remained on horse back till he fell from exhaustion. He was unconsious for some time before his death ; but at the last moment he started up as from a trance, and gave a few words of command in French and in Arabic, with his full voice, and then sank back to speak no more. 