CARRY'S CONFESSION. eIIcHTER XLVIII. PRron to this, little Carry Galbraith had thriven apace. Nature set about its grand reactionary movements after her recovery from the fever, and in a few months no child was brighter or stronger than she. She grew also a child of rare beauty, whom people in the streets paused to observe at times and comment on, whom motherly old ladies and tottering old gentlemen, with children next their hearts still-those to whom children are dear are of the true old stock-sought to stay and inveigle into con versation, and were somewhat disappointed by Carry's wilful manners. For Carry, in full health and high spirits, was a trifle wilful. Her father had helped to spoil her, and Addio's gentle teaching had only been in fugitive moments, and was not -!'.yet to exercise its full effect. A loving child atall times and seasons, loving in her very wilfulness, but strangely impulsive, even for a child. Anxious for a gift, impressed by a passing fancy, and almost ungovernable until it had been attained or rendered. In many traits of character so'like her mother, that Neal would read therefrom a moral at times, and strive his best to model her anew, lest in after life there should follow a reflex of that mother's fate. Neal saw the error that he had committed in his anxiety to win his daughter's love, when there was Addie's love also to give vigour to his latter days; lie saw the danger and tried his best to check it-but it was never in his heart, not even till his dying day, to check the child" as well. The attempt was alwaysa failure, for his was a deep un reasonable love, and he could but snatch little Carry to his breast, and try by love to make her good. In this he could succeed, and therefore point to his principle as sound; but wiser people - Mrs. Higgs and Mr. Pike to wit-shook their heads and re mained unconvinced. It was customary for the nurse to take little Carry for a walk on Streatham Com mon when the mornings were fine and dry -walks which invariably resulted in a chase round furze bushes and on the verge of ponds, till the nurse, flustered and disar ranged, succeeded in capturing the fugitive. Once little Carry had nearly been lost-ac cording to the nurse's story-and a second time " as nigh run over, Mrs. Higgs, as ever, you could 'spose a child could be, by a pheayton and pair coming down the hill like good unse" and Neal had doubled his staff of nurses in consequence, despite Mr. Gal braith's assertion that it was rather extrava gant and altogether unnecessary. There fore it happened that in the summer time little Carry was guarded by two nurses, be fore whom loomed a prospect of instant dis missal if the child were exposed to danger again. The child was with its nurses, when a young lady, in deep mourning, stopping the cortged-a lady who seemed a little agitated in demeanour, for all the thick black veil that hung before her face. "You will excuse me," she said, almost abruptly, " but you are Mr. Galbraith's nnrras ? , -" Yes, ma'am." "I have seen you before with that girl whata pretty child she is." ", Yes, ma'am-it is generally considered so. It's the complexion does it." " I wonder if she would speak to me ?" The lady stooped and said a few words behind her veil to the round-eyed, staring child, who backed against her nurse's skirts, and finally turned and hid her head therein. "Speak to the lady,. Carry," said the nurse ; but Carry stood her ground, and woild look round no more. 'You must forgive my stopping you," said the lady, with a voice that had become suddenly very troubled-" I am very fond of children, and this is like a little one I lost." "O ! indeed, ma'am." ' Very like! Good-morning." The lady put something into the hands of the upper nurse, and hastily resumed her progress; the under-nurse immediately said "halves," and in her eagerness to see the extent of the douceur, tumbled against little Carry, and overturning her into the dust of the roadway, whence Carry began to yell with a forty-horse power falsetto. Before the nurses could restore the equili brium of their charge-and to do justice to them, they betrayed no excitement or inde corous haste in this undertaking-the lady in deep mourning had the little girl in her arms, and was endeavouring very vainly to subdue her agony. " You should be more careful," said she, in a tremulous, almost passionate voice; " the path is steep here, and she might have bhurt herself most seriously." "Lor ! children are always a-tumbling .about, mum ! " said the under-nurse--' they will horse so." Under-nurse evidently a female of indif ferent education, and consequently inclined to be familiar with her betters. "Let-let-let me go to Mary," sobbed Carry, and the child flew into the arms of the upper-nurse, and was caressed, and called " a little dear " in consequence. The lady went her way again - very slowly, very thoughtfully, and with many backward looks towards them. The nurses resumed their conversation, when little Carry had become perfectly assured that no con siderable damage had occurred. "A harf-a-crown," said the under-nurse. " Well, that's a lady with more money than wits, anyhow." "She's just lost a little one, and it makes her heart tenderer, you see, Susan," said Mary. "Didn't you notice the lots of crape ? -and what a silk, surely." '"The oftener she comes this way the 'better, if she's, going to fling harf-crowns about." "Mrs. Higgs said that people weren't to speak to the child-it was only an excuse to get us into talk." "Mrs. Higgs be bothered." The nursemaids streamed on their way, after the custom of nursemaids in general, upper or lower, high class or low. Laugh ing, criticising, and commenting on all passers-by; glancing askance at the butcher's man dashing by so recklessly in his pony-car, that there was scarcely time enough to wink at them; and actually nod ding at the policeman, rattling past on the other side of the way at the rate of half-a mile an hour. The lady in deep mourning-the woman who had lost a little one, and whose heart was tender-must have been of the world, worldly, if there had been any desire to con vey a wish unspoken to see that child againl Half-crowns are capital symptoms of in- t terest, and invaluable mediums. Little t Carry was conducted that particular round, c at that particular time, for many mornings in succession; but the lady did not re appear. It was three weeks afterwards, when Carry was running wildly about the com- a mon, in defiance of all rule, and the nurse- c maids were sitting on a bench under a tree t -one dozing complacently, and the second I full of thought concerning her trimming for e a bonnet, to be worn surreptitiously with i flowers on the first convenient opportunity- t that the strange lady came again. t Little Carry had obtained a bough of af tree from some part of the common, and was t dragging it after her triumphantly, singing t and crowing over her prize, and oblivious to all surroundings, when this woman in black i -a colour that always scared Carry by its sombroness-dropped before her, almost on I her knees, as from cloud-land. "Carry !-Carry, dear," she said, appeal ingly. Carry stopped, and stared at the speaker, i who had thrown back her veil from a very pale but very pretty, anxious-looking face- a face that children might take to readily, for the very love there was for them im printed there. A young face, too, and not t unlike the child's, as was natural enough. " Carry, will you come and speak to me? 1 Just for a little while-for a very little while, my darling ! " "Me mustn't speak to anybody out of I doors," said Carry, with becoming dignity, standing with her legs very wide apart, and one little white gloved hand still clutching the bough of the tree behind her. "I want you to wear this locket, Carry a pretty little locket, to hang round your neck, like pa's big watch. Will you come to me, and let me put it round you ?" " Yes." Carry was vain of adornments-years ago she had been tempted by that big watch, to which this lady had alluded. She left her bough trailing on the grass, and ran to i the stranger, who passed over her neck a something suspended by a frail gold chain, I and then held the little girl close to her E heart, and put her face against hers, kissing 1 her very passionately. Carry began to whimper and grow scared. "Try to think, dear, where you saw me i a long while ago-whom you loved best in all the world then ! " " Me never saw you." "0O! do try to think; look me in the face again, and say you haven't quite for gotten me ! There, there, don't be frightened, but put your arms round me like this, and let them comfort me ! " But Carry was fairly frightened now; she tore herself away from the stranger's arms, and ran screaming to her nurses. When those valuable adjuncts to a gentleman's establishment were brought to a sense of passing events, they became aware of Carry clinging to their skirts, and the lady in black at a distance from them, kneeling on the grass, with her hands spread before her face. They ventured to approach her, and the lady rose and drew down her veil. "I am afraid that I have frightened your little girl," she said. "I wanted to see if she would let me kiss her. She is very shy." "Sometimes, ma'am; and sometimes a limb." " Her father loves her very much ? " "He spiles her, mum," observed the under-nurse. " She can't do wrong, and we can't do right. Just like all the masters who are molly-coddles with their children. I'm sure, at my place, where the old gent had a young wife-" " There, that'll do, Susan," said the upper nurse, who understood proprieties, for she had been in. real gentlemen's families, and might have married a butler. "The lady don't want quite so much talk. Try and stop that child's screaming if you can." "You had better see to that," suggested the lady. " Be gentle with her; don't scold her; it was all my fault." Another half-crown, and then the lady walking rapidly away, stopping suddenly to watch them out of sight, returning to the bend of the road, whence she might see them once again, finally dropping on the seat recently vacated by the nursemaids, like a woman struck by sudden illness. "My God !-utterly forgotten ! My own child-my little Carry, whom I loved so much." Then ensued sobbing that was scarcely human-deep, intense, and prostrating such as mothers grieving for their children can only give way to, and live. And this was.a mother who had grieved much, and had had much to grieve for-a woman who had, not tortured herself with fancy troubles. The reader doubtless has been waiting for her-the astute reader, who does not believe in ships going down with all hands, in novels, but scents the catastrophe when anything like wholesale destruction is hinted at. Well, we did not anticipate startlingone good friend by Carry Galbraith's resurrec tion, and it was not for the sake of a shabby little mystery that we sank that fine screw steamer, the Edgar, but rather that our characters should develop themselves at their best, or their worst, by those means. The explanation will be evolved in due course, and in Carry's hair-breadth escape there will be nothing to marvel at. Meanwhile, the child was at home, on her father's knees, full of wonder at the inoi dents of that eventful morning, and full of admiration at the present that had been given her. Neal frowned as he held the looket in his hands, and said to Mrs. Higgs- "How many times have I espressed a wish that strangers should not talk to Carry ?" " But they will stop, some of 'em-those that are fond of children- it's only beggars and gipsies that I can't bear to see taking notice." Neal opened the locket, and looked at the fair hair twisted beneath the glass there, and yet was scared not by the truth. "It's an odd fancy of a childish old wo I man," said Neal; "it would be better tolet Sthe nurses take a different route. Some Speople would be cruel enough to steal the Schild; I have read of such cases." "3Bless us! " ejaculated Mre. Higge. Neal twisted the locket in his hands still; Ssuddenly the back flew open at his touch, and the face of the dead wife seemed start a ing once more to life before him. He held t the locket at arm's length, and gasped for breath. "Look here! " he said at last. i Mrs. Higgs had to find her speotaele~, rub the glasses, and fit them on securely, before the opportunity for inspection was arrived at. Noeal was still spell-bound when Mrs. Higgs bent over him. " Why it's-it's Carry's face !" " Yes." He rang the bell and demanded the pro esonco of the nurses, who came, were oross examined, and could throw only a little light upon the mystery. It might be an old wo man, it might be a young one, they never saw her face-she was dressed in deep mourning-she said something about a loss that she had had-a little one, or a little loss, they were not quite certain now-and she frightened the child very much when she put up her veil, and little Carry was doubtful whether the face was old or young, man or woman's. Carry was very anxious to impart information, and so altered the details with each recapitulation, that Neal, Mrs. Higgs, and the nurses, were equally bewildered. When Neal and Mrs. Higgs had been left together again, the latter solved the mystery. "Why, it's Johannah--sh's come to London to see her grandchild, and time she did, for that matter! And she's given her Oarry's likeness, and showed more thought than I should ever have fancied she 'ssossed." " It is probable," said Neal, the truth not for an instant suggesting itself to him. In the life apart from books--the real life to which Neal belonged--it was not likely that the doubt would cross this man. " When Carry grows to be a woman, she may treasure this," said Mrs. Higgs. " If I was she, I should like to know sometimes what my poor mother's face was like." "It is natural." "She may keep it, then?" said Mrs. Higgs, anxiously. "Yes-let her always wear it, if she will." OHAPTER XLIX. Life went on peacefully with the Pikes and Galbraiths;. the harmony pervading everything seemed not, at the eleventh hour, likely to be disturbed. Lapped in a false security, they believed that they were people who had outlived storms. All had ended well with Neal Galbraith-all had been well ordered from the first. He could teach himself to think so, sitting patiently in the sunshine of his new life, waiting for a happineds that he had once dreamed would never come to him again. He had not been patient until then; now he could believe that his had been a wisely ordered trial, which had moulded him anew, and taught him the lesson of endurance. He bore no longer malice in his heart against the dead; for the dead he had ever sorrowed, pitying the errors of the past and pardoning them, seeing. clearly now where they had merged in errors of his own, crossed and recrossed until the truth was difficult to solve in the midst of heated pas sions that had had their day. His had been in the beginning a .tragic life; he had chosen a passionate woman for a wife, and then would have made a statue of her; thinking, like a fool, that a few words spoken solemnly before an altar could change a whole life's character! He had expected implicit obedience after a child's promise, and the waking had been bitter, and brought desolation. It was a story to look back upon and profit by; and he was very grateful in his heart that the guilt of a woman's unfaithfulness no longer rested like a brand on Carry's memory. She had not acted like a wife in her love and honour of him-not as Addie would act, for ever, and in the face of every obstacle. But the past was finished like a story-book, and the dead had buried its dead completely-its dead but irreparable wrongs. Mr. Pike thought so also, and found courage to speak of the first wife occasion ally; and though there was always pain in tracing back the reminiscence, Neal would not forbid the subject or attempt to shun it. Even Addie and Neal would dwell upon poor Carry's story, and both could see that a woman's jealousy had lain at the bottom of many actions that had been hitherto mysterious. Neal had known this long since; but Addie had scarcely suspected it. A woman jealous of a lover she could imagine-why, she could even be jealous of Neal, she thought !-but a wife suspicious of the good faith of him to whom her life was pledged and whose life was part of hers, that was beyond the belief of a pure minded girl, until Carry's true history was guessed at. So the first wife, still living and still desolate, belonged completely to the past, and all past friends pitied her more com pletely for that consciousness. Knowing this, -it .was just possible that Carry held her peace, and preferred thus seeking out her child, strangely and mysteriously. Ere we close our chapter, we shall know all the truth. That truth was very close upon Mr. Pike one evening in July-one summer evening when he was alone, and Addie and Neal had not returned from, their evening walk together. He was. sitting at his window, deep in chemicals, all his honest soul ab sorbed in acids and gases, following out some.experiment from the pages of thenew number of the magazine he loved. In this self-absorbent way he was always content; this love,of study would make amends at a future day for Addie's departure; he did not suppose that he should ever marry now; he had many .hobbies' to attend to, and was fond of his own company! Violent emotion he had always objected to, and quiet, religious, even-tempered beings constituted the majority of his friends. He would be ever the same to the end, and would die an old bachelor, not because of an early disap pointment, or of the scoffer's doubts of that sexwhich he, had always highly estimated, but for the reason that a search for a wife had struck him as a study which would rob him of much valuable time, and unsettle him for deep experiments. If the woman whom he could have loved and reverenced had come in his way, that would have been a different matter. She has not come yet, however, and David Pike's hair is getting very grey ! Mr. Pike was sitting at his window, then, very intent on his researches, when a lady was announced. No name was given, and he did not pay much heed to the omission. "Show her in," he said, still counting drops from the phial in his hand; as though a life would escape, should one too many find its way into the glass beneath. Carry Galbraith came into the room-like a ghost from the other world-and stood at a little distance from him, motionless and waiting, with the veil thrown back from her face. Mr. Pike was conscious of a visitor; he had given one fugitive, almost imploring glance towards her not to interrupt him at that instant, and then counted on, until the end was gained, and he could devote more attention to the stranger. Then heo bowed, apologised, rose to place a seat for the lady, and stopped thunder struck, as at a ghostly visitant indeed ! " Mrs.-Mrs. Gal- " He could say no more; but he dropped into a seat himself, and stared horror stricken at this awful guest. "It is you, then ! " he murmured. "Yes, it is II I could not stay away longer,- and let my staying work more mis chief than I deemed it would. I thought that I was acting for the best till now. Now I have come here to confess." " Sit down, please. Let me think!" Carry Galbraith took the chair that he had indicated a few minutes since, and Mr. Pike sat watching her, doubting oven yet the reality of his bewildered senses. " Back to life like this! " he gasped forth at last. "How was it, and by what miracle ?" "I never stopped on board the Edgar, sir," said Mrs. Galbraith. "I paid my passage- money, and then went to bid fare well-even to ask forgiveness-of my father, who would be glad, I thought, to hear of my departure. He had been ill, and had, become very weak; he begged me to forget the past, to forgot everything, and stay with him, and-I stayed with him to the last." "Causing much evil by your silence-and doing harm to those who have never wished you harm !-I am very sorry!" "That I am living ? " said Carry, quickly; "well, -so am I. That is part of my con fession " "Hush ! hush ! Mrs. Galbraith ! That is notright ! " "I see that wish upon your face, sir; and I can believe that it is an honest one." "No, 1'hope that you do not see that. I am sorry only for your conduct- fot that love of secrecy about your actions which has ended before this time in deep humiliation." "Right, sir." "May I ask the reason why you acted with this wild design, forgetting the dangers to which you have exposed so many?" "I acted for the best in my poor judg ment," continued Carry. " It was the acci dent of winning a father's love that bound me to home-ties again, and made me grate ful for the old home's shelter. It struck me that it was better to keep silence for my Mr. Galbraith's sake, and that he would think more kindly of me, and teach my child to think so also, if he believed that I had gone down with the Edgar. My faults then would not affright him so much with their enormity, but be toned down to the level of human sympathy. Sir, I was not wrong." "Go on." " And then Mr. Pike, when he could think more charitably of me, and believe at least that no guilty thoughts had hurled me from his home-only his hard thoughts of me-I fancied that I would go abroad-keeping ever away from him, as it is my duty to do, for his honor's sake now, and write to him, teolling him the truth." "If you had only written a few months ago," moaned Pike. "My father's death had left me rich. When the news came to Illfracombo, in my aunt's letter, that my child had been danger ously ill, I returned to London to see her, if the chance presented itself-to see her once or twice before I went away. In London, my brother came to me with fresh news awful news-from Tressider, the actor, that your niece was going to marry Neal. I heard that news this morning--I am here to-night! " " Thank God, your coming has followed promptly on the information you received and it is not too late to repair the terrible error, of which your wickedness has been the cause." " Always my wickedness !" said Carry; "well, I can bear reproof pretty well now." "You come to stop this marriage?" "I come to confess all to you, in the first place. I am glad that I have found you here alone. I suppose it is right to mar Neal's last chance ? " "Suppose !" ejaculated Mr. Pike. " I come to ask your advice, sir-I have no friends in whom I can implicity confide I would make reparation for all, if I only knew the way." " What did you think ? " asked Mr. Pike -" what could you think ?" " That they need not know of my being alive-either your niece or Mr. Galbraith," she said in an excited whisper; "that it would be better for her and him to have no knowledge of the truth! It would be very easy to delay the marriage by a few excuses at the last-to postpone it, just for a little while, and then---" " And then ?" echoed Mr. Pike. " And then I shall be dead in earnest! " "Great Heaven ! Madam, what morbid reasoning is this ! " "I have been told that I cannot live, sir -that I shall not see another year. With every day I am growing more weak, and it will be only a little while that they need wait. This would save explanation, that will tprn him against me again, and.would be-I am sure of it-so much the best." "No, no, so much the worse for yourself, for all who would plot so horribly against God's laws. A wild,, weak, childish scheme my poor woman, that the truth would shiver at any moment. It cannot be." "Very well," sighed Carry. "I did not wish it for myself." Mr. Pike sat gazing at her, and thinking what a child she was in earnest still. Ho was not surprised that there had been un happiness in Neal's married life, linked to a woman full of vague conceits, and with so poor a knowledge of what was reasonable. A woman whom u man-the right man might have made a diii3rent being, and who had in the face of opposition slowly sunk away from right, who would do evil that good might come of it, and had been so strangely tutored, that right and wrong were difficult to separate, even from motives utterly unselfish. "You must tell Mr. Galbraith all the truth, then," she said, after a long silence. "At all hazards, the truth." "And all the truth of this confession," she added; " that I cannot live, especially. It is a merciful thought to me, and it will give hint strength to face his disappoint ment." "Your life is in your Maker's hands; you must not talk of it as valueless, or think so lightly of death, madam." "You are a preacher," she said, a little scornfully. "If you had suffered like me you would not care much for life." " Your faults have made your sufferings," replied Mr. Pike. " 0 ! ir, I do not deny that." "Will you leave me now, and give me time to prepare Addio and your husband for this shock ? I cannot see the best way yet." "I will leave you." " And your address? " "I am living with my mother at Park Road, Stockwell. Possibly you will call and lot me know the result of my visit here and what Mr. Galbraith thinks of me? Reo member, this was no studied effort to strike at him." "I will remember. I- " Mr. Pike saw the room-door opening, and ran towards it with both arms extended. "Back, Addioe ! -back, Noal !-the dead has risen, and you must not face it yet I" "Unole I " "Where's Neal ? Where has Neal gone?" "Homo. What is the matter?" It was too late. Mr. Pike noted the affrighted glance over his shoulder and made no further effort to stay his niece's entrance into the room. Addio Morton came in rapidly, eager for the truth that had startled her uncle; and the truth rose at her on trance and stood confronting her, in the wife and-the rival! " Is it-is it you ? " cried Addio, glaring into the face, dim in the twilight now; " and how is it ?" " IHe will toll you "-with an impatient gesture towards Mr. Pike-" when I am gone. It is a story that I have not the strength to tell again." "Mrs. Galbraith-I demand it !" Addioe was indignant and imperious--a woman roused to a sense of injury that was inevitable and not to be atoned for. Mr. Pike had not soon his niece like that, and he wrung his hands tightly together till every joint cracked in them. " You have no right to demand anything of me," said Carry, drawing herself up proudly and defiantly-the woman's instinct repelling back the rival with disdain, even in those latter days, when she stood apart from all of therh. "Ask him, I say again, when I am gone." "This has been a trick to shame me your revenge perhaps." "I have not thought of revenge, or seen anything to be revenged for," said Carry, hollowly; " but I will not respond to your demands, Miss Merton. In the old times'it might have been my place to demand back that husband's love you stole from me-now it is too late." "It is false to think that one thought ever crossed my mind injurious to your peace. That was an error, vile and unjust-that was a disease that preyed upon your mind and drove you mad." " Well, I will holieve it, if you wish it," said Carry, wearily. "I came not here to quarrel with you-rather to promote your happiness. Ask him," she said again, with an impatient gesture towards the listener once more. " I-I do not understand this yet. I have been duped by this woman. I cannot see for her one excuse." "You love Mr. Galbraith-you were going to marry him," said Carry. "I love him. -I was going to marry him -to make his after-life, with all my heart and strength, his comfort and my own." "Marry him then-to-morrow, if you will!" said Carry, impetuously, with that rash vehemence that lingered with her still, sign of the old weakness. "You do not pain me by your bold avowal. But give me comfort as well; ask him to give me back my child, my little girl, that has forgotten its poor mother " "Mrs. Galbraith," urged Pike, "I beg that you will go. This is not calmness now, and will but do more harm-not repair the harm that has been done." "I have no wish to stay." She drew her mantle round her and went away, quickly and silently, like the shadow of evil that it seemed she had become. With every action of her life some evil now to oast down others with herself and merge all in common ruin. In good faith she had stolen into the house of her husband's friends; but she was a woman still, and the woman in her rose at the rival's presence, and resisted. Mr. Pike returned to the drawing-room and rang for lights at once, waiting to take the oil-lamp from the servant-maid, and then passing in with it, and turning the key on Addie's sorrow. Until then, he had not witnessed grief in Addio-not that intensity of grief from which he, vain man, had ever believed she would escape. And now, even this strong, brave girl, who had boon the comforter of others, and been ready at all times with the best word, the brightest hope, urging one and seeing the other as it were by inspiration, was cast down at last. " Addie- why, Addie-you of all women," he murmured, bonding over her. " Why did you teach me to love him? show that it was next your heart that I should love him, and lead me on, even out of gratitude to you, until I loved him for himself ? " She was sitting in the chair that Carry had quitted, with her arms upon the back of it, and her face hidden within them. "I was wrong to interfere, my Addie," said Mr. Pike, soothingly, as though to a child; " all my fault, for which I hope tobe forgiven. If I plotted for your happiness, it was in the darkr, and knowing nothing of the mystery that this weak woman had wrapped around herself. I thank heaven that she has come in time to save you." "To save me-or to leave me broken hearted and ashamed! " "No, no-to grow more strong, chastened by an affliction unforeseen, and to accept with resignation this chook upon the vanity of human wishes. Why, you and I toge ther, Addeio, will see many happy days both young, both with the knowledge where peace is to be found, both loving each other, as a father and child should love, to the very end of life." "I will be strong presently-but it is not easy to think of resignation yet." "No. In the good time, though-it will come to such as you." " Why should it ? " "Why, Addio--you ask mo that I" "I am no better than other women who have beeoon sure of happiness, and then beeoon baffled. 0 ! I did not deserve it-though I was vain of my good works, and did not see how weak and proud I was becoming." "Youe proud !" "Tell me that woman's motives." She sat up very defiant still-looking stonily at fate, as though she repelled its blows, and was strong for resistance to the end. Mr. Pike told her, briefly and clearly, all that had boon related by the wife-the mo tives that had boon alleged, and which there was no right to doubt. " She loves him still ? " "Yes, there is little doubt of that." "I will try and forgive her," she said suddenly; " uncle, I think that I can for give her." "She has sinned in ignorance-she has striven for good, Addie," said Mr. Pike; "we can pity her as well, I hope." "She will never think that I need pity," said the rebellious heart again. "Pity we are above-comfort we will find for ourselves." He pointed to the bible lying on the table by the window-a book that, in that house, was opened very often-and Addio bowed her head. The tears rained on, but they were not so full of bittorness. (To be continued.) 