SUNDAY READING. A Year of Grace ia the Family. IK the memoir of the Rev. William Chambers Burns, by his brother Dr. Islay Burns, of Glasgow, from which it is proposed to give a series of extracts illustrative of the life, walk, and very joyful triumph of faith-is a letter from a sister of these eminent servants of Christ, containing the expres sion " I think the year 1831 was a year of grace in our family." There are many Christain families concerning which such a record might be made ; for while " The mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear Him, and His righteousness unto children's children," the munifes ta ion of that nover-fuiling mercy is greater at Borne times and seasons than others. In the Christian life, as developed in individual souls, in families, and in nations, there ÍB an ebb and flow of the tide of blessing ; there is the winter of Bevere struggle for existence, the spring of confident hope and progress, the summer of delightsome bloom and verdure, and the autumn of abundant fruitfulness. In most families thero is some remembrance kept up of years distinguished by prosperity and advancement in social position, or of disastrous times, when they had to descend into the valley of humiliation. Huppy are those families which among their home memories treasure the retrospect of years of grace, such as that referred to in the sister's letter. In the year 1831 William Chambers Burns was six teen years of ago. His father was the minister of tho Church of Scotland, at Dun, in Angus, and after wards at Kikyth, in Stirlingshire. One of his earliest instructors afterwards occupied an important position in the Presbyterian Church in this colony. "He attended," says hia biographer, "the parish school of the place (Kilsyth) then under the care of the Rev. Alexander Salmon, afterwards of Paisley and of Sydney-a teacher of rare intelligence and skill, who was among the first Scottish schoolmasters to avail himself of the modern methods of tuition, and to substituto an intellectual interest for tho old iron sway of the ferula." In his thirteenth year he was sent to the high school of Aberdeen, then under thu rectorship of Dr. Melvin. Of this teacher the editor of Macmillan's Muguzine, says :-"As a born ruler of boys, Arnold himself cannot have surpassod Mel vin. And though there wore wanting in Melvin's case, many of those incidents which must have con tributed to tho complete veneration, with whioh the Rugby boys looked at Arnold-the known reputa tion of thu man, for exampl ., in the v/ide world of thought and letters beyond the walls of the school, yet, so far aB personal influence within the school was concerned, there was in Melvin some of almost all those things that we read of in Arnold, as tend ing to blend love moro and more, on closer ¡intimacy, with the first feeling of reverence. Integrity and truthfulness, conjoined with a wonderful considerate ! ness, were characteristic of all he said and did. Hie influence was so high-toned and strict, that even had he taught nothing expressly, it would have been a moral benefit for a boy to have been within it. It did ono good even to look at him day after day as he presided over UH." Burns did well at tho Behool ; and thon went to tho Uniyereity. In the spring of 1831, having com pleted his course of two sessions there, with honour able distinction, he entered the office of his uncle, Mr. Alexander Burns, a lawyer, with tho intention of being articled to him. But a sudden change took place in his views and purposes. " While William was nt Aberdeen," writes au elder sister, "a great change had come over our eldest aister, who, from a lifo of gaiety in Edinburgh dur ing two winterp, was turned mont decidedly with her luce Zionwarda. and lift Edinburgh for ever. Sho returned to our quiet manse, desiring, what ever others did, that sho might serve the Lord ; and from this service abo never drew huck, but her path was ivi tho shining light shining more and moro until the porfect day nt Perth, 18th February, 18GÖ-whero sho passed into glory. I think the year 1831 was a year of grace in our family. I remenibor we began a prac tice of rending aloud between dinner and tea aome religious book. Bridges, on the 119th Psalm, was with our sister a special favourite and means of irrace. On these occasions dear William, to out sorrow, without saying a word, always slipped out . and he waa to our viow tho leust likely subject of grace in the family. He always vehemently rejected the idea of being a minister, and said he wished to be a lawyer, because ho " iaw lawyers rich and with fine houses." Oh ' What a contrast his after life was to this: for one' moro conformed to his Saviour, in self-denial and in voluntary poverty, the world has nevar seen-at least, one who has all thiB, without falso asceticism or self-righteous pride. " When, in thia spirit, William went to Edin burgh to be bound apprentice to our uncle A., with the view of being a W\ S. (writer to the signet) we mourned over him as one going to be bound to rho world ; and this view seemed to have come over his own mind when he found the different kind of society he was thrown into, from what he left behind in _ the manse. A joint letter we wrote him-, to which he often afterwards referred as one of che chiet means of awakening hi n, has passed from my mind, and a single sentence quoted from it ia a letter of his whioh still remains is all that is loft. The first dawn of hope regarding him is to be found inaletterof date 6th December, 1831, in which the following, for him, remarkable words, occur. . I am extremely obliged to you for your excellent letter, «Iso to pupa, and I look forward to ourcorrespondonce ns a thing that shall afford me great pleasure when i am fairly settled away from that dear home where I have enjoyed so many happy days, nnd where, in all likelihood, I shall never be resident again. I wish you would recommend me to, or send me, somo good, religious reading.' This request astonisned UB ; nnd I think wo sent him Boston's Fourfold State. Very soon after this he suddenly and unexpectedly walked in one evening into the dining-room, at tno old house, with a graver look than was his wont; and in answer to our mother's exclamation, * Oh! William, whore have you come from ?' his answer was gravely, ' From Edinburgh.' ' How did you come ?' ' I walked.' [A distance of thirty-six miles.] Thors was then a silence, and, standing on a hearth-rug with his hack to the fire, he said, ' What would you think, Mamma, if I should be a minister after all ?' His countenance showed that ho was speaking in earnest ; and he then told openly how the Lord had arrested him, und that he had no rest in his spirit till ho should come homa and obtain his parents' c nsent to relinquish the law and give himself to the se'vice of Jeaus in the ministry of the gospel. The truest history of this wonderful chango you have in his own diary-this is how I saw it ; and far diotant as is the day, I remember it vividly ; and my feeling was, that I was standing in the presence of a miracle I coulu not contain my feelings, but rushed along tho long passage whioh led to our father's ttudy, and, shutting the door, threw myself on my knees and wept. After being a short time at home, he returned to Edinburgh with our parents' joyful causent to his being what they had long wished and prayed for-a minister of the everlasting gospel. By a singular providence he waa free to do so. He had not been bound apprentice, owing to a delay in the arrival of one of his certificates of attendance at college ; and it was during thia interval that the whole current of his life was changed. It may be right to add that William had been all along, so far as ever known to me, perfectly free from all outward vice. I never know of an act of duplicity, or a bad word. This, I think, is important to mention, as from his deep viewB of Bin, he, during all the course of his spiritual life, spoke of himself in such terms of self-loathing, that those unacquainted with the facts, might, natu rally suppose that he had been turned to God from a life of open sin, as, indeed, is broadly hinted in an Aberdeen document recently given to the world." About ton years afterwards Burns wrote thua about the chango which had taken place in his mind :-" I walked down and revisited my old lodgings-No. 69, Broughton-place, where my earliest days aa a child of grace were spent, and where first the Spirit of God shone with full light upon the glory of JesuB aa a Saviour for such as I was. This waa, I think, about the 7th January, 1832\. Although it was then, I remember, that the light of God first shone fully and transportiugly on His word and into my heart ; I was never, from the beginning, three.weeks before, in utter darkness ; but felt that God had been always willing to save me, that I waB a self murderer, and that now He was, in His own sovereignty, touching my heart and draw ing me to Himself for His own glory ; and again, though about the time mentioned, I remember to have beheld transporting wonders in God's law, yet my peace following on this was far different indeed from a settled quiet frame of mind. I had many fears and many awful Btrugglea with sin and Satau, und many sleoplesa nights of mingling joy nnd fear, and faith and t.ope aud lo,e." And at another time he more fully described the sumo event thus : " The moans by which my change of heart was brought about were these, I think : ¡Mr. Bruce's preaching, whiua ongaged mo much, and tho fear of Budden death from the approach of cholera, were preparatory. A letter from my siBters at home, in which they spoke in a single sentence of going as pilgrims to Zion, and leaving me behind, proved a word in season, and touched my natural feelings very deeply ; for when bin had rondered mo dead to every other feeling, I could not think of nvy Cristian parents and my Godly home, with ali its sweet und solemn privileges, without an awful con flict of soul at the thought, of parting with them for ever. I could think of parting with Christ, for I knew him not-alas ! do 1 yet know him ? -hut to part with thom waa too much for mo to boar. Io this way the way was prepared; but as yet I aui fully conscious that my heart was spiritually dead. Ho wo var, tho aet time came. I sut down with solemn impressions arising from the onuses now mentioned, to read a part of Pike's Early Piety, which my dear father had given me before leaving home (Ah! little did he know what use God was to make of it, little did tho author of that solemn treatise know ono of the purposes for which ho wrote it), and in ono moment, while gazing on ft solemn passage in it, my utmost soul >vas in one instaut pierced aa with a dart. God hud appre hended me. I felt the conviction of my h<at estato rushing through me with rosisLleea power. 1 lolc tho room and retired to a bedroom there to pour out my heart foi the first time with many tears in ft genuine heartrending cry for mercy. From the nrst momont of this wonderful experience I had tue inspiring hopo of being saved by a sovereign und infi nitely graoiouB God ; and in the same instant almoBO I felt that I must leavo my present occupation, and devoto mysolf to Jesus in the ministry of that gi irjous gospel »>y which I had been saved. From that day to this-blepsed be Jehovah-I have been conscious, more or less deeply, of the possession of ft new and holy principle, leading me to liva by the faith of Jesus to tho glory of God, and in tho communion of the Holy Ghost." Tho above extracts describe tho change which took place in his hearty Tho following passage, from ft letter he wrote to his sister in February, 1832, shews how happily brotherly affection combined with his religious sentiments. 'L f'eol it often a great encouragement to me to persevr-re in that life upon which I have euterod, that I do not mako for Heaven alone ; that though there be fow that find tho strait gate nnd narrow way, yet my nearest and dearest friends upon earth are my follow pilgrims to the heavenly CanaanLee us encourage and exhort one another in following and trusting in the Lamb, who was slain, and who nov/ intercedes for all who trust in Him at the right hund of the Father. . . , , If the Lord spare us all, I look forward to ¿ho happiest meeting that ever we have had. We are now, my dearest siotors, linked togothor by a new tie, being members of the same body, und '.he ohildrenof the Almighty, and Father in Heaven." The promise of that "year of grace " die' not fail. The brothers and sisters who in their youth were thu- united in the love < f Christ, grew up into devoted and useful Christinns. William curried out his now purpose of giving his lifo to the Ministry of the Gospel. In future oxtracts some account of his noole and successful career will be given. 