QUIPS AND CRANKS—No. XXXV. [The following have been selected from the writings of Arcanum, Nameless, T. H. jun., Momns, and other contributors to "The Kiddler."! Mrs. Fussimont asks, "As there is but one Mann in the House, are the rest old ladies, boys, or girls?" "If not yourself, who would you sooner be?" said a wealthy old bachelor to a young lady. " Yours truly," was the reply. Is the man in the felt hat who fell on the fellow with the fell intent to fell him with a felloe, because he was a fellow-heir, a felon? An ex-city functionary is said to be engaged in writing a romance entitled " The Bar-tells Tales." An elector says that a certain stump orator gained applause by a plausible tongue; another declares that the people shouted because the orator had done so just before; a third remarks that the noise of the boys always annoys him; and a fourth says that at each hear, hear, and each cheer each ear he cheerfully stopped. Referring to the Tichborne case, the following stanza was lately current among the Clubs:— "'Tig said by Baxter, Rose, and Norton, The claimant is not Arthur Orton. They don't deny (what's more important) That Arthur's done what Arthur ortn't." A metaphysical lecturer at the close of his address was asked by a pert young sprig of divinity to sell him a pennyworth of common sense. " Willingly," replied the lecturer, " but I perceive you have not any vessel large enough to contain it." If a good horse is a credit to his master's stable,- is his master's table necessarily a credit to a good cook? Which does a Bobby prefer—arresting a prisoner, or a resting himself ? A lady-like young gentleman, who had sent to a witty young lady a billet-doux redolent with scent and sentiment, was startled on receiving the following laconic snub:—J8U4ICU.R2FMN8. He has since sloped. The lady is nightly troubled by his ghost. Every church and chapel in Adelaide is for the future to have its own belles. The ministers have had already many young men making applications to be allowed to ring them. A hopeful young urchin was recently whipped for having, on the spur of the moment, called his retiring drawing master a jibber. Name the loftiest hat you are aware of.— The town-hall boll-topper. '' I met a poor fellow who was complaining of the hard times," said a carpenter to his friend, " and I told him to come to work for me." "1 suppose you said so that instead of complainingto youhemightoome planing /oryou?" answeiedhisfrieiid plainly. • The " Power of the Papas," by ■Mr. . . . y Sommers, is shortly to be followed by the " Power of the Mammas," by a woman's Bight Disciple. To be published weaJAy. _ Yoiing Smith has never been 'in menial 'service, but he avers that it would suit him amazingly if he had only to answer the belle. " lam not under a contract to supply the people with brains," eeclaimed a celebrated statesman during one of his flights of fervid and impassioned eloquence. "In course not," shouted one of the -unwashed. "How can you supply what you ain't got, stupid!"" Jenny took Bichard to task about his erroneous spelling, especially quoting beioty as being incorrect. Bichard was somewhat humbled, but at length retorted with a side long glance at the blushing maiden, " How absurd to,think I- should be able to write beautv without "XT." 