ORIGINAL POETllY. «' A GHOST STORY. Some years ago, ono dismal night In winter cold and drear, ? ' ' Somo travellers at a country inn Had met themselves to cheer; . .... t The wind it blow in gusts without; Tho rain in torronts fell, ;f And eveiy one was pleased to think " . :[ That ho was housed so well. The merry glass was passed around, ' To mirth and jest create, And all were lively as tho flame,, . Which burned within tho grate. Tho chorus followed every song. In their united voices, ' ' And hours flew, as hours will v.!' When everything rejoices. At last, just as tho lamps grew dim, There entered in mine host, Who asked them if they yet had heard - About the villago ghost. ., . ,V Ho told them how around the church ; It liovcred cvory night, And how the passing country folk . ' : '?' Its presence did affright. . -y. He said it had been seen to rise, . " j Enveloped in a flame ; To flitter o'er tho marble stonos, ' ' ; . t Then vanish as it camo; , > . And as in deep impressive tones The talo ho did unfold, Each closer to his noighbour crept,' 1 '' With shudders, as if cold. ? ' At last, ono bolder than tho rest, Suggested for a bet, " ' . ' That he would to tho church yard go, In spite of storm and wet; And that to prove the fact, a knifo , , To-morrow should be found 1 . : Between tho graves, within the gate, Fast sticking in the ground. . A wager made, ho seized his cloak . . t Around his neck made fast, . J \ To savo it, should somo angry wind, ' Assail it with a blast. ? ? . ; [ Ho promised that without delay . ; Tho stakes he'd fairly oarn, Aiid bid them in expectance wait, ! Until he should return. . : . T The night wore on-the howling gusts . i Still shook tho trembling door; '* But he whose absence each deplored, ; '?> Carno back to them no more. >;' .:.>«.) s; Impatient,.anxious all agreed - j To sally out together, r ' " . VTV." And traco him out, alive or dead, .' :}-u Unmindful of tho weather. . , They found the dreaded, hauntod spot,, , ; With honor there beheld . Their poor companion in aswoon, . : Upon the pathway felled. ; , i r - : l They raised him sadly in their arms,, . :. And tore him from tho ground, To which ho seemed by some strahgo bond,0 ? Most firmly to bo bound. i:! . Ere long' they reach tho inn again; . . Revived him with a dram ; Tho first words that ho said wore these- : 'J Oh, tell mo whero I am." ;i! Ho then related how, in haste, ~,£f Ifot wishing there to wait, Ho plunged tho knife deep in the earth;1 On ontering the gate. ; ? 1 I How rose to turn, whon somo slrango ;aprilo Transfixed him in tho tract, ' And with a most decisive tug ( ' ?'[[* Then throw him on his back.: He know no more, his senses .fled," /j, /, r. From terror and with fright, * ., Ho trembled ns his mindrocallod 1 Tho horrors of tho night. < ' . >s tu ,di With day, next morning, all restored, v, With confidence arose, ? And each a visit to tho chiireli Was zealous to propose. ' ' Tliey went, and as their friond had said, Fast slicking in the clay, Tho knife, rati through a piece of cloth, Among tho tombstones lay: ? . Tho truth was clear, no ghostly hand Had boen at work at all, Tho knifo had passed right through tho cloak, And caused him thus to fall. Since thou no more these goblin tale*, : Tho landlord dares relato, , The laugh this strango occurrence raised Against him had been great. R. D. Eollowaj/'s Ointment and Pills.-The family medicine cliost that is furnished with those powerful remedies neods nothing inoro. Indi gestion, general debility, liror complaint, erup tions, sores, wounds, ulcers, tumours, &c.;, arc infallibly cured by their use. They purify tho blood and giro tono and rigor to the whole sys tem. Tho Ointment when well rubbed into tho parts affected, enters tho flesh just as salt entera meat, and if tho I'ills are takon as on auxiliary, tho euro is speedy, thorough, and permanent. These medicaments aro composed of raro balsams, without the admixture of a grain of mercury or any injurious substanco. Tlioy aro. peculiarly mild and gentle in their action, and aro us eulo as thoy nro efficacious. 