EXTRAORDINARY STORY. OF LORD - j BROUGHAM. One of the most remarkable , stones recently told appears iu Lord Brougham's autobiogra- , . phy, which has just been issued by Messrs. VT Blackwood : — " A most remarkable thing hap- pened to me — so remarkable that I must tel! the story from the beginning. After I 't the . . .' High School! I went with G , my most in timate friend, to attend tho classes in the Uni versity. There was no divinity class, bat we frequently in oar walks discussed and specu lated on mnny grave subjects, amongst others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future . state. This question, and the possibility, i . . . will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead . .- appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation ; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover, his family having little con nection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had under gone, I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes. as x was uuuui tu got uut Ul tut? UUbJU. uu tut? ; chair sat G — — looking calmly at me. How: I got out of the bath I know not, but on re covering my senses I fouiid inyself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken . the likeness of G , had disappeared. ' This vision produced such a shock that I had no incliuation to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart ; but the impression it made upon me was so vivid as not to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was T fiflFpp.tor? Viv it that T have here writtart rTrenm the whole history with the date, 19th Decem ber, and all the particulars; as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented.so distinctly to my eyes was a dream, I cannot for a mo ment doubt ; yet for ' years I had no commu nication with G— — , nor had there been any thing to recall him to my recollection. Noth ing had taken place during our Swedish tra vels either connected with G or with In dia, or with anything relatiug to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly ' ' enough our old discussion, and the bargain we ' had made. I could not discharge from my mind tile impression that G — — must have - died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future' state/ This was on December 19, 1799. In October, , 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript :— ' I have just been copying out from my jour-, nal the account of this strange dream. Certis; : una mortis imago. And now to finish this story, begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there nctually nrrivor? o lotlfir frnm TniHit nnnniinmnfffi- o. v..., . wv i- - death, and : stating that he died on Decem ber 19.' " 