ANNIVERSARY OP THE Primitive Methodist Church, NEWCASTLE. The anniversary ot the above church was celebrated on Monday evening last, by a tea and public meeting, at both of which a large number of persons were present The chair was occupied by Mr. Alderman Hall, wlio enacted his part with his usual ability. In opening the meeting he expressed himself well satisfied with the progress made during the past year — churches had been organised through out the district, and they were uniformly suc cessful m their operations. Only lately, there had been a requisition from a settlement 200 miles in the interior, praying for a church to be instituted there under the cognizance of the one in Newcastle, These facts, in his opinion, were the surest signs of improvement; and he further thought the reason why the Primitive Methodist Association was so successful in its efforts was undoubtedly owing to the fre quency of its tea-meetings, by which means the people were gathered together in order to contribute to the financial department. The Rev. Mr. Ward stated in a concise man ner how the church was situated with regard to the funds. At the beginning of the present year the debt on the church was .£400, which, with the incidental expenses of. the year, amounted to £540 10s. 9d. ; against this sum there appeared £66 16s. 3d., as donations to the church, thus leaving a deficit of j£475 l-fs. 6d. Mr. McMichael and the Rev. Mr. Dash then addressed the meeting, enlarging upon the ad vantages accruing from the profession of Chris tianity. The Rev. Mr. White, the pastor of the Bap tist Church, was next called upon to speak. He rejoiced with the members of ' the church in ; their past success, their present condition, and in their future prospects. He thought that upon occasions like that something ought to be said that would be really useful, and in his opinion it was not out of place to say a few words on the subjeet of religion. The no tion that existed in the minds of most people, that gloom and melancholy were inseparable from Christianity was, he' said, highly errone ous. The man of intellectual pursuits might derive pleasure in his progress through the sciences, and from every acquisition he made he would derive new pleasures, but it was not equal to the pleasures of religion ; they were entirely distinct from those that were enjoyed in religious assemblies by worldly men. A man might be charmed by the eloquence of the speaker, and feel his soul elated by the truths he heard propounded, but it' was only a transient gleam of happiness ; indeed, there was as much difference between intellectual ? pleasures and religion as there was between a marble statue and a living man. The word 'religion' was derived from a Latin word sig nifying to bind, and it might be denned as the bond of. intercourse between man and his Cre ator, and consisted of those feelings . of grati tude and love, and of that obedience, which is the real essence of the Christian mind ; its articles of belief were the words of God, and its hopes were those inspired by the good news of immortality. The experimental parti of re ligion was also a source from which pleasure was derived ; its pleasures, the apostle infor med us, consisted of 'peace, righteousness, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' These were to feel that our sins had been blotted out as by a thick cloud, to have peace of mind, peace to ward God and our fellow-men, to feel that cer tainty and composure of spirit which an inter course with God must impart — a pleasure that this world could never bestow ; whatever his present enjoyments may be, he was richer in prospect than at present The reverend gen tleman then proceeded very ably to point out several other advantages and pleasures that were only to be experienced by those who had felt the influence of the saving truths of the Gospel. Mr. Hall here intimated that a Sabbath school would be opened at Wickham on the following Sunday. Mr. Ward moved a vote to the ladies, which was seconded by Mr. Dash, for the excellent manner in which they had provided the tea. The Chairman, in putting the motion, expa tiated on the superiority of the home-made eat ables over those manufactured by the bakers. During the intervals between the speeches,' the meeting was enlivened by the Sunday school children singing several of their an thems, although, without doubt, the voices of the children would have sounded much more sweetly had the harmonium (in which there was a considerable amount of room for im provement) been dispensed with. — Communi cated. ? ? ? ? 