THE SANDHURST RUSH. III. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) A speedy illustration of the inadequate water supply here has come to show how pressing is the need of a better service. There have been two alarms of fire, and both close to-my quarters. One was at eight o’clock on Monday morning, a chimney on fire next door. , .The bell in. the wooden tower in the re serve twanged the alarm, people ran, and after a while a hose-reel drawn by a man'and pushed by ahoy, wearing a leathern apron, came up the stfeet, followed by two men carrying a ladder. One fireman in a red coat came running down the Mall, and all he did was to help the man with the hose-reel to take it back. The boy with the apron:turned aside to look, at the men with the ladder as they slowly and laboriously reared it against the balcony of the house where the smoking chimney was. A woman in the . house rah out on the balcony with her infant rolled up iu a cloth, looked up at her chimney and went in doors again. 'A baker in the street went on counting out his loaves by the balcony posts, and' everybody else went' about his business, for the whole thing ended in smoke. The other was a real fire, and had there been a strong wind would have been very destructive. As it was, -it burnt down a lot of stable-shanties and scared a score’ of householders around, for the pre mises there were all of wood, the day had been in tensely hot, and everything seemed ready to blaze up at the least provocation. It was just af the back of "the Niagara, and . lit up the back rooms with a glare of lurid light which caught the tops of the trees in the Malland turned them to a ghastly ashen hue. The time was near 8 p.m., and the whole-town seemed to rush to the scene as the twanging sheep-bell in the tower kept ringing with a rapid vehemence, os if conscious of the want of water and a good brigade, service. The lumbering engine of the brigade came up when the fire was nearly spent, and I saw a hose laid along the street, but not a drop of water putbn the fire save a squirt from a tiny hose at the rear, and some buckets thrown by a man from an adjoining roof. The huge crowd choked up the jpace, M_d; t the,:p.epple^bout_.the .burning premises did. what Kelp and damage they could in tearing off shin gles and bundling out the contents of a hay store that had already caught at the back. When I thought of the smart brigades of Ballarat and their splendid apparatus, and water-supply, I felt doubly the shock ing condition of this hot, parched town in its destitu tion. As I have said, had there been a high wind the destruction of property must inevitably have been immense. As it was, four horses were burnt, includ ing one belonging to Mr Mackay, of the Advertiser. The occupier of the premises was a Mr O’Connor, who was absent. Verdict, by rumor, “ Caused by a smoker.” When I went to look at the ruins next morning, a man with bloody hands aud arms was hacking the dead horses to pieces, and a dray was waiting to remove tho horrible half-roasted lumps of flesh. The Hussey Minstrels made a joke of the affair shortly after at the Lyceum, into which dingy house I wentfor a few minutes. Banjo asked Campbell what was the scarcest thing at Bendigo? Campbell thought it was fire brigade. Bones differed and held that there was plenty fire brigade, for they got on a stream of water in three or four hours. Surely the sensiblest of rushes here .would be one for an efficient water-supply and a capable brigade.' “ This beastly dusty hole,” as, I hear almost every Ballarat min call it, wanes a plentiful supply of water to make life decent not to say agreeable. But if there are these defects here as compared with your happier city, the Bendi gonians have beaten you out of sight in the matter of provision for their military. They have two hand some and substantial buildings as orderly-rooms for the cavalry aud rifles, situated just above the Post office at the View Point side of the city. The rifles’ orderly-room is more ornate in the elevation than the other, but both are of brick, iron roofed, front a main Street, and are of ample dimensions; And'the rifles aud cavalry of Ballarat have not a place to meet in 1 Whose fault is this ? Not the rush to Sandhurst certainly. That has brought a lot of Melbourne and Ballarat men here, it is, true. The latest arrival is W. C. Weekes, from Warrnambool. His present di mensions are Falataffian. Imagine a Falstaff in the torrid heats and red pepper of these Sandhurst streets, and then pity this prodigious exaggeration of the always portly Weekes. I meet fresh Ballarat faces every day here, but many of the speculators are getting tired. There is a Tull in the scrip. market. “ It has got the pip,” as one speculator elegantly phrased the turn in the tide. It was visible oh Satur-' day, and is so to-day. It is not easy to sell, and yet the prospeotusers are pouring fresh batches of claims upon the market. The mining surveyors are over whelmed, and a regiment of imported onesarrived and arriving will have, it is said, enough to do to get up arrears during the next month or two. The war den’s court business is proportionately great, and to day I notice an influx of lawyers. Messrs MTDermott, Finn, Welsh, and Samuels were all visible in the Mall to- day, aud I hear that Mr M’Dermott is retained in a great reefing case here. . W. Davidson is Wo with his pockets full of survey commissions. Ballarat me chanics are here by the score. One told me just now that he has seen a hundred, and every -man employed; pay—los for carpenters, and 12s for bricklayers. As yet there are no great building operations in hand, but if the rush continues, and Mr Grant, as it is said he has promised, sells the north'side of the Mall, there is no doubt that heavy civic improvements will be under taken. In the mean time ■ there are only little-jobs in hand, for the Beehive works are not yet begun; and if the predicted crash in the scrip market should come speedily, there will probably be as soon a difficulty in finding employment for the increasing host of Tabor- • seekers. As to the scrip market, I may say that the Sandhurst rush is chiefly a scrip rush. • One man said to me, “ It is a rush to scrip from work.” This is partly true, but not absolutely. With, it may almost be said, millions of scrip afloat, everybody poor or rich has a nibble, and all the reefers, operative and capitalist, are holders. Some of the former have left work for scrip gambling, but there is a host of claims working, and still a greater host merely in the chry salis or paper stage. The scrip rush is largely genuine, but more largely a wild gambling in which Melbourne agents and dealers have a full share. On the skirts o£ the crowd of larger operators there hangs a loose, crowd of ueedy, unscrupulous promoters and jobbers, living from baud to mouth and ready to float as many claims as can be got to pay preliminary expenses and give the ghost of a chance of something to the good. It is, in-fact, the Ballarat craze of ‘a year or. two ago transferred to Sandhurst and intensified. Few of all the herd of men in the market here think of serious investment, or care what the claims are or are to be. The sole problem with the rushers, as a rule, is to buy scrip and realise at a profit, the sooner the better. The wide-awake Bendigoniaus may stick to the proved values, the golden scrip; but it is the general opinion that they leave the wildest of the gambling to the outsiders. With these the scramble may rage indefinitely, and the market rush will ebb and flow as the golden claims yield well or ill, and as one after another of the new ones give good or bad prospects. There must come losses, heavy ones proba bly, to some out of the scramble, and some will make what the losers lose. This is, of course, a self-evident conclusion, and was leamt long ago in the Ballarat madness. But there is so large a belt of probable country prospectused and to be prospeotuaed, and there is such an utter impossibility of saying how many or how few the golden extensions of operative mining will be north and south of Sandhurst proper, that the enticement to honafidc adventure will run side by side with the merest gambling. As matters actually are it is, as it was at Ballarat, and as it will most likely always be henceforth in Victorian mining, a rush of scrip speculation with just enough honest industrial enterprise to give a color of justification to the rush. For it seems that, for better or worse, scrip gambling and honest mining are irrevocably married. Croyle and Morey left on Saturday, and were expected to return to-day (Tuesday), Croyle having sold out of Richard Heales scrip on Saturday. I was told that he would not have realised so easily only an impression got about that he was bearing the market. All the fellows I have met complain of the dulness of. the market, but there seems to be just as much inclina tion to crowd about the Victoria and Shamrock as ever. In the dining- room of the Shamrock on Monday night the crowd was nearly as great as on .Saturday night, and the bar nearly as full. The place has become the resort of all the idle loungers of the town, all the market loafers and riggers of Melbourne, Ballarat, and Sandhurst, and the main part of the real dealers. The more serious men on the market find the crush to be obstructive of business, and they prompted Heffernan to exclude from his room all but subscribing members. Heffernan is too sagacious by half for that. Instead of doing that, he intends to convert the long verandah of his hotel into offices, erect staircases and Venetian blinds, and thus offer greater space and attraction to the crowd, all of whom he will admit. Why? Because it converts his house into one of the very best claims in all Bendigo. His receipts last Saturday are said to have been £3OO. At the Albion, in View Point, there meets a sort of select club of speculators, who have a secretaiy, pay sub scriptions, and have a snug jobbing ring all to them selves. Another exchange of a similar sort was pro jected a day or two ago in the disgust caused by the great Shamrock crush, but it has come to nothing yet. If the Beehive were rebuilt with proper accommoda tion, Heffernan’s position would be sapped; but as it will take months before any other place than the Shamrock will be available, Heffernan will have become r f®V e ky time, or the rush gone to pot. What the rush to scrip dealing and the rush.to Ben digo mining may bo, I shall havesomething tosay about by-and-by. Yesterday and to-day I have been to Eaglehawk, and visited several parts of the Bendigo field including several of the crack plants. If the dust in going by way of Kangaroo Flat to the water reservoir on Sunday was something to make a note of, the .dust on the road to Eaglehawk has been worth two or three notes. When I tell you that the natives them selves cry out alqud in disgust, you may infer that the nuisance is not imaginary on my part. The red dust lies fetlock deep along the four or five miles of road, and as the cab and omnibus traffic to that Sebastopol of Sandhurst; is as great as that to and from the Ballarat Sebastopol, your readers may guess the delights of travel-in the torrid heat of these Bendigo days. Eyes, jnouth,. hats, clothes are. all smothered, and they say that the red dust of Bendigo never gets out of one’s clothes. “Oh, this terrible dust,” exclaims a fat woman, red with heat and dust and streaming with sweat as, she gets into the omni nus, while a cloud of dense dust swirls all round the vehicle and blows in at every window. “ What a horrible place," groans.a man in black hat and a new-looking suit of clothes. “ Ah, mutters a native quietly, “its a bad place Bendigo, for dust, and no water hardly,” I met a Chinese on the footpath, and said “ plenty gold John?” He said “no good,” threw up his arm towards the glaring sky and added, “ too' much dust, no good, want water." One sees no promenading of ladies here as in Ballarat, _ The place and the 'weather prohibit such pleasure taking in such days and dust as this.. There is no long reach of : promenade ground here like Sturt and Bridge streets with the ample spaces also available in the lateral thoroughfares of your city.. The Mall and part of View Point are all that is tolerab|e here as foot ground and they cannot escape the all involving dust, while the nasty smells of the drains and slums, and' the want of pavement in the streets southward,.help to complete the list of deterring conditions. As I said before, a good water-supply to lay the duet, nnse out the stinking gutters, and nourish grass and . trees will be a pearl oE great price for-this ‘horrible place.” The sight now and then of a greed cluster of trees, a little garden, or a patch of grass is like a vision of an oasis to the pilgrim in the desert. There are some such oases here. The pretty cottage where Bendigo Mao used to live, and the green garden attached, are one of those pleasant places. Tho grounds about the Survey-office at View Point, where Mr J. H. Taylor has his offices, are another. About View, Point , are .some' of the^b^ 'among' the best buildings Ticrbl. ‘ The benevolent asylum, to the east of the gaol, is of red brick, and la batter mounted- than the Ballarat one, but is not so large nor so handsome, and instead of the beautiful grounds about the Ballarat asylum, this one is ; on a dreary arid slope, with but little of arboriferous adornment to soften the harsh aspect of the place. Similar remarks apply to the hospital, which is of stone, and lies farther east. It is a well-mounted, good-looking edifice, but is far off and has a must unpicturesque entourage. But I have not in all Bendigo lighted upon a single public building so odiously dull and hideously ugly as the old Warden’s Court, which remains in Sturt street with the other -shanties there to spoil one of the finest sites in Bab larat. Strolling out down M’Crae street before break fast this morning, X looked in at the B. C. Church, a plain edifice of small dimensions in rough sandstone. There are no side aisles, and there is an apsidal altar place. I saw a marble mural .tablet to the memory of Father Hayes. A sorry tinsel alcove sheltered an image of the Virgin and Child, and the high altar, as the church itself, presented a striking contrast to your comparatively spacious and elegant St. Patrick’s. Most of the churches scattered over the wide strag gling territory of Sandhurst and Eaglehawk are of brick, and most of them have at least the negative merit- of not being ugly, while some of them are pretty, but I have not seen such a charming picture of ivied walls anywhere here as is now to he seen about the nooks, angles, and buttresses of the Ballarat Christ Church and St. Paul’s. But heat and dust do not deter, nor criticisms on the city and its suburbs en» gross the men, who want to see the rush and make money. ~ My hostelry is.fuller now than when 1 Came, and yet several Ballarat.men have gone home. The influx of visitors has not ceased, and every day I see some new face from the west. Two ex-Miniaters of Mines were at our table the other day, cheek by jowl, and the company ati the house, take them all together, could furnish a : book of “ colonial experiences” more or less edifying.. To-night a Ballarat undertaker and hia man arrived* at- - the Niagara—birds of ill omen, surely,- for Sandhurst. - They do not bury dead specu lations, broken hopes, 'or bankrupt reputations, or they might do a fine stroke'of business here, most likely, before long. There isTra old Ballarat newspaper pro prietor here on a business quest. A new morning paper is talked of; but though the Independent is not a. London Times, a, third morning paper would prob ably not pay as well as some of the Hustler’s “ pups.” The hotels get fuller and fuller all about tho centre of the town. My Melbourne friend and I bad a large sitting-room to ourselves at first, but next night a third Bed was made up, and now a fourth, and yet many have gone away. For there is both doming and going in cessantly, many sorts of business people now follow ing in the wake of the scrip rush, as the fame of tho place has led to “great expectations.” The market lull has woefully checked the hilarious hopes of some adventurers,: hu fc tho. game o£. speculation- is rtuLocor- Enough now of these preliminary matters, In my next I must come to more strictly mining affairs, into which I have, of course, been making what enquiry I could during my visit, in the hope of mastering some of their de tails and intricacies. 