HEAVENLY PHOTOGRAPHY. Fresh information from the next world has lately been received in London of a most in teresting character. A certain Miss Hough ton has furnished (under spiritual guidance) a series of portraits which are now on view and for sale in Bond-street. All London is crowding to see them : and it is no wonder, as among the subjects are to be found like nesses of the crown worn at present in his new abode by Prince Albert, flowers from heavenly hills, the Hollow of the Hand of the Holy Ghost, and eight separate views of the Eye of Jehovah.. " The paintings, to a purely earthly observer, resemble," the Examiner tells us, " splodges and dishes of lurid col ours, or a full-bodied black beetle mashed be tween two sheets of marbled paperwhich description assumes a deep significance when we learn that each colour has its s iritual meaning. Thus the " Rock of Ages " is ex pressed by yellow ochre (delicacy of mind), raw sienna (considerateness), madder (adjust ingness of temper), and, more than all, brown pink (economy). This medley, which is to several minds pure blasphemy, is daily studi ed, we are told, by crowds of devout believers in Miss Houghton and her angelic painters with earnest zeal. We are led to suspect that either American spirits are sharper and more matter of fact than their brethren, or else that only the work-a-dav Dart of heaven lies over our patch uf the world's surface. We hare no such subtle glories unfolded as these. Our spirits, it is true, have devoted themselves lately to pictorial art. but it was rather in a photographic line. They have j heen going about through. Ohio and among ' the Pennsj'lvania Dutch leaving likenesses of themselves on street lamps and drug shop windows, in indubitable trousers, coats, and crinoline. Occasionally, the portrait of a ghostly pup, or chicken, or other spiritual poultry, has been found with the others. In one house in Ohio the spiritual artists varied their labours at the camera by dripping the dresses of the women into shreds, tumbling old ladies down the cellar stairs, and abstract ing greenbacks to no inconsiderable amount from the breeches-pocket of their host. Seriously, we have every cause to think that art in ail branches is but poorly comprehend ed in the future world. If the Ohio lamp post daguerreotypes and Miss Houghton's* efforts are the best which newTcomers of aesthetic tastes may look for throughout the coming ages in the heavenly, regions, it is a pity that moth and dust will be left to corrupt their Turners and Geronies here, and that they cannot be taken with them. Belief in these things is by no means confined to the illiterate or vulvar. Some of the wisest, most practical, most refined men and women among us give them unswerving confidence. How do they explain the^e mysteries P Is there no way by which they can make this hurty bnrly of raps, dancing tables, inane rhapso dies, and coloured daubs, representing the " Eye of Jehovah," as attractive to the ordi nary mind, as the heaven of which they have robbed as—the shadow of eternal beauty and eternal place from hills afar off, beyoud which each man in his rare best moments saw his God and his loved ones as in a dream ?— -New | York Tribune. 