FOXALI* PBESUMES UPON ANNIE'S FBXENTJSHIP. .OOÎjJTR^ST; 1 l ' OB, THE OAK AND THE BRAMBLE SX FRANCIS H. KEPEBL. i CHAPTER XXX. OpprMed with grief. oppTMKd vita Gare- I .?burthen mor. than lanbeth- I I lit ne down and dab. Ok, Uti* thoa nt . frulin* lud, "I l^pS!QpUbfttact¡£¡. Boura. The! mode of life recorded in the last ehapter might-be regarded as a fair specimen of that now led byThornway. Utterly unable to re-establish himself in his trade, he sank lower and lower in position, and beeamalsaoreiand more familiar with the phases -various in aspect, but one in wretchedness and hopeleasneiEh-Hîf vagrant London life. .Some- times ,he unloaded a part of vegetables at Covent | Garden-^-sometime» held a farmer's horse at Smithfre1d-u-som'étimes-, when the pinoh of hunger forced him to rise early enough, helped to carry home some of the fish bought at Bil- lingsgate. And throughout all these, and many other similar varieties of livelihood, the curse of his life olung to him. Whatever he earned, after satisfying the immediate oravings of hunger, was ?pent in liquor ; and, as a natural conséquence, lie rarely knew where to look for his next meal. Living in this manner, it may be supposed that his descent in the seale of being was rapid and unbroken. His lodgings had never had much to recommend them in point of comfort ; but it now often became a luxury to be able to creep into a Btable or hay-loft. Sometimes, if-ha could raise the necessary penny;-he repeated his former visit to the hod- man ; or found a refuge under the dry arches of the Adelphiii n » , - t- , ?* Some.ria.es^Jlhejuitieriy.pennjless, he .crept. into «.hole in a brickfield at Spitalfields, or found . bed on a heap of rubbish in a half-finished hous», whose owners had not so acute a head at penny turning as Sam Wilkins ; and sometimes, .t an advanced hour of the night, the bull's-eye of th» poHoemart waa turned on his wretched figure, as it lay orouched upon a door-step ; and a rough voice, whose authority was not to be gainsaid by shoeless tramps, broke in upon his testleis slumber, with the stern mandate to "move.on." Nor wera his days marked by less vicissitude. When he had " luck," as he called it, the only limit to his excesses was the disappearance of the last .coin that Inok had procured him; when he bad none, he wandered about, like a half-famished wolf, oarsing his fate, his country, and the people around him ; but never looking within, and discerning that, if he mnst curse, the proper object for his anathema was his own rolly-that ha had sown the wind, and waa reaping the whirlwind-that if he had only .zeroised common industry, and avoided intem- perance, he might have been living happily in the bosom of a loving and amiable family, in- stead of being a vagabond and an outcast in the streetaof ¿endon, without a stated place wherein to lay his head, or a BOOTOO on which he could rely for food; and with no one, among the myriads who surrounded him, to know or care whether he waa alive or dead. In this manner several months rolled by; employment became more and more precarious, and his privations, in consequence, more fre- quent and more heavy. An instinctive horror of theft, rather than any well-defined principles of moral integrity, kept him from resorting to the means with which too many of his class and character supply their wants ; and although he had occasionally suffered almost to the verge of human endurance, he had never been able to tiring' himself to beg. That alternative, however, seemed at last the only one open to him. For three days he had not earned «penny-he bad tasted no food-he bad found neither help nor pity. He roamed listlessly through street after street, longing to cast his enfeebled limbs on the pavement, that ho might, at least, taste the luxury of a little rest ; yet fondly clinging to the hope that every fresh corner he turned night disclose the means of earning a trifle wherewith to relieve the gnawing at his vitals, which was still harder to bear than weariness. Thus hour after hour passed on, the day began to decline, and he still wandered moodily on, hopeless, objectless, neither heeding nor «?ring in what direction his feet were bearing him. He found himself near Grosvenor Gate, and turned into the park, from no other motive than because two or three others did so before bim.' Itwas the fashionable hour, and the wretched man gaxed at the brilliant vision of elegance and luxury whioh glided" before his eyes-at first with apathy, and then with bitterness. Amona; 'the gay cartigt that whirled along before him, half stifling hjui with dust as it pissed, there mi perhaps not one, the super fluit(«s.iof, whose pomp wonld not render him happy for the rest of his days; and they drove or cantered by, thoughtless of his wants, «eklest of his existence. The chat, the gay laugh, the signs of ease and enjoyment on every aide, struck his eyes and ears as a horrible mockery. What right .had they to revel in luxury while he was starving for bread? What wen they better than her Was he not the same flesh and blood, having the same rights, and entitled to the same comforts ? With the casuistry common enough even in more intelligent minds, he ignored the faots that his present destitution was entirely owing to his own idleness and improvidence, and that . similar neglect of duty in many of those whom he now envied, would be followed by the same result«. He «imply saw that they were rolling ¡n abandonee, while he was starving for want; that they were joyous and gladsome, while he wa« weighed down with misery and care; and be laid the whole blame, boldly and unhesita- tingly« on the fate which had caused them to be born to a splendid heritage, and him to be linked to the mortar-board* and trowel He aoowlad gloomily at the brilliant group, and novad «lowly on. A« bis ey» rested on the waters of the Ser jjentine, flowing on so peacefully, so tranquilly, ia the midst of so moah tumult and animation, . dark thought sprang np in his breast. One plunge into that calm and silent tide, and all bis troubles, all hi« sufferings wonld be over. Hil brain reeled; he seemed to hear a voice arging bim to throw off, by one bold effort, an axiitenee which could never be anything to him but a yoke and a burthen; and he had already «ait mow than one furtive glance round him, to «ee if he wai watched, when he suddenly started back, and his thoughts took another direction. An individual wai approaching him whose face be seemed to recognise. He looked again, and fiait «ure of the identity. The party before bim could be no other than Mr. Richard Roe- buck, the late delinquent secretary of the Union. The sight occasioned an immediate ano! total revulsión of bis feelings: hope revived, as if by inagio. He bad a claim on this man. A por- tion of the fonds abstracted had been intended for bim. He might be able to possess himself of it; or, at all events, to obtain some immediate .Kaf,,",,", - He hurried np to aseost bim ; bat, II he ap poMfcet} nearer,' topped in «omi perplexity. He observed that the gentleman before him was in a military undress coat, rich with lace and frogs, wore a gold eye-glasB, carried a handsomo cane, and had an air of rank and fashion quite incompatible with the dingy, worm-eaten desk and smoke-dried walls of the little back room at Stamford. The resemblance wascertainly very great, but it could be nothing more than a re semblanoe; and he turned away with,a mutter of disappointment. At the moment of his doing so, a beggar, who waa passing, solicited the officer's charity. " Charity, indeed 1 " said the person appealed to. " Be off with you. Is it not enough to pay poor rates? Go to the workhouse-the 1 proper place for you- Tramp, now, or Til just put my cane across your shoulders. Start, I say !" These few words dispelled Tbornway's doubtB at once; if he felt some uncertainty about the face, he had none about the voice. He crossed directly into the path, and as the officer turned from bestowing his parting benediction on the retiring beggar, he saw the new intruder full in his way. A slight glance'at his wretched garb and haggard appearance was sufficient to deter- mine his quality, and the stranger raised his cano again. " Another of the gang," he said. " How dare you molest a gentleman in this manner, you rascal ? Follow yonr friend there, directly, or I'll-" " You'd better not strike me, Mr. Boebuck," interrupted Thornway. " It might bo worse for you, perhaps." " What do you mean by talking to me like that, fellow V cried the stranger, drawing him- self up stiffly. " Mr. Roebuck, indeed ! Can't you see that you are speaking to an officer and a gentleman ?" "No, I can't," said Thornway, more than ever oonvinced that he was right ; " and it won't do to ride the high horse with me, I can tell you. What's become of the money you bolted jrith?" ~ " Really, the insolence of these vulgar people is getting past endurance," soliloquised the officer. "I won't demean myself by laying hands on you, you scoundrel ; but you may think yourself well off that there's not a policeman in sight" " Don't you scoundrel me," cried Thornway, growing excited, and not predisposed to be over amiable in his mood ; " and as for a policeman, if you go on like this, I shall just walk by your side till one comes up, and then give you in oharge, that's all. I can swear to yon, for all your fine coat and flash airs." Several persons passing during this conversa- tion, looked round at the parties More than one stopped to listen, but proceeded when the officer looked up with a defiant glance. That gentleman, however, began to find his situation unpleasant ; the. crowd was beginning to in * crcose/and he~knew~it^wönlrrcöntinuo to"swell.* Fortunately, no one bad yet passed to whom be was known ; but he was not safe for au instant, and to be seen, even by strangers, in conversa- tion with a person of Thornway's appearance, must be avoided at all hazards. Moreover, Thornway talked loudly, as people who are irritated are apt to do. He was, besides, not particularly select in his choice of epithets, and it was rather too much to hope that every« person who passed them would be deaf. His annoyer was evidently not to bo blustered down, nor got rid of. The officer paused au instant, and then decided. " My good man," he said, in a mild tone, " you are evidently labouring under some strange mistake. If you will follow mo to my ' office, which is not far off, I have no doubt we shall soon set it right." " With all my heart," replied Thornway, who looked upon the proposal as the first step towards a compromise; "anywhere you like. Yon bo reasonable, and you'll find me so. I want nothing but what's right, I don't." L This way, then," said the stranger ; " and perhaps-you'll exouse me-you would not mind keeping a little behind as we walk. 1 don't wish to hurt your feelingB ; but there is a little difference in onr dress, you see." " Yea, yes, I know I'm pretty seedy," replied Thornway, rather sulkily. " Very well, you go a-head. Only don't you try to dodge me, you know ; or I'll run after you, and cry ' stop thief You may look, bnt I will ; see if I don't." The officer did not condescend to moke any reply to this menace, but sauntered away with a disengaged air, tapping his boot with his cane as ho went along, and occasionally raising his glass as a carriage of more than ordinary pre- tension rolled by. When they had quitted the park, however, he assumed a more business pace ; and after a variety of short cuts and turnings, during whioh he looked back more than once, and a slight expression of disappointment seemed to rest on his features as he observed bis com- panion steadily following his track a few feet in the rear, ho at last came to a pause. On the door at which he halted was a large brass plate, whereon waa engraved in conspicuous chiraoters, "Great Transatlantic New Water land Emigration Company, Major Chevreuil, agent." The officer admitted himself with a key, and left the door open for Thornway to follow. Losing no time in doing so, the latter found hnhself in a email room, neatly fitted up as an office, having a library table in the oentre, covered with a profusion of papers. An easy chair was placed near it, and half-a-dozen others arranged round the room. A large map of New Waterland covered the principal wall ; and a board, with notices of the departure of various vessels, stood over the fire-place. The owner threw himself into the easy chair, and turning to request Thornway to take a seat likewise, perceived that he had already done so. He paused a moment, and then with a short prefatory cough, observed-"Now there's no fear of eaves-droppers, and we may say what we please. You are a sharp fellow, Thornway ; a man won't throw dust into your eyes very easily -I don't wish to, in fact; and though if yon, catting the figure you do, were to try your hand at establishing an identity between Major Chev- reuil and a certain scrubby fellow in the pro- vinces, commonly called or known by the name of 'Roebuck,' whom no decent person ever heard of, I should get the case laughed out of court in ten minutes ; yet I don't mind giving a cognovit, as we used to say- admitting the faot, I mean. You don't understand law. And now, friend Thornway, what is it you want, that made you pitch into me in that remarkably gentlemanly way in the park." Thornway, who had not expeoted suoh a sud- den ohsnge of tactics, felt, as nautical men say, " rather taken aback." After a moment's pause, he observed, " As I said before, I wants nothing bnt what's fair." " That is an exceedingly indefinite term, mj j good fellow," replied the major ; " a very com- prehensive phrase, like our legal one of ' heredi- taments.' A tradesman thinks it fair to sell ourrant leaves for tea, and logwood juice for port wine; a soldier thinks it fair to shoot a man in the back whom he never saw before, be- cause his officer tells him he is an enemy; and people think it fair to call this a piece of bravery, and hang another man the next day for doing the same thing at home. A dootor thinks it fair to roll up the tenth part of a farthing1« worth of bread into pills, and oharge hil 'patient a guinea for them; a barrister thinks it fair, to assure a jury that hil client ia the innocent victim of « nie con spiraoy, thongh he has jost had bis confession that he is guilty of the crimo he is charged with What is fair, indeed ? There ia but one rule, Thornway, by which sensible men judge of what is fair, and that is, everything is fair whioh helps you to what you want, and everything is unfair which deprives you of it. Now, to come back to business, what is it that you. want ?" " Why, I want the means to get a livelihood," replied Thornway ; " that's the long and the short of it. " But, what's more to the point with you, I suppose, I want victuals to eat, and I want beer and tabacco I hav'n't broken my fast these three blessed days ; I hav'n't had a pipe in my mouth I don't know when, and it would be more than victuals to me ; and as for drink, I hav'n't been able to get a single drop all the week, except one pint as I got for hold- ing a gent's horse while he went into Doctor's Commons ; and I'm half dead for the want of it. Now, you know you walked off the money from our Union-box---" " A very pretty leading question that," in- terrupted the major, with an easy laugh ; " an Old Bailey lawyer could not have put it better. But just let me disabuse your, mind of that idea, friend Thornway, before we go any farther. My private affairs called me rather suddenly from Stamford while I was secretary to the strike--some very pressing business, in fact, which we need not go into now-and I had not time to go through the account« with the com- mittee of management. They were very com- plicated, indeed; and, as I said, I could not spsre the time. But I had made heavy advances ont of my own pocket- the poor men were starv- ing, and I had my feelings ; and if I were to look up my vouchers, I think-indeed I have no hesitation in saying, I am sure-I should bring the society into my debt. But the thing is all over now, and 1 don't want to be hard upon them, so I have made up my mind to let the matter drop." "But-" began Thornway. " Don't interrupt me for a moment," pursued the major. " I was only going to Bay that, in the first place you were not one of the commit- tee, and have therefore no right to ask me for any account at all; and then, waiving that point, I would call your at. . tion to the fact that you have no list of either my receipts or expenses-that you could neither read or un- derstand them if you had-that you cannot prove that I owe the committee a shilling, and that, not being a member, you would have no right to receive it, if I did- that, in point of fact, yon know nothing at all about the matter -that somebody has put some idle stuff into your head, which yon have not the shadow of evidence to sustain, and that the sooner you sponge it ont tho better. Having said this much-and, in justioo to my own oharacter, I could not say less-I will now add, that though I dany your claim npon me in^otot I am willing \- to da a little- to-hclp-a towngman in distress. There is half-a- crown for the present. That will buy you a supper, and allow for a pipe and a glass of grog at the end of it. And as for the future, if you don't mind doing it-which I suppose you don't-I want a porter, just to sit in the entry, and take messages when I happen to be out. It will be something to keep your head above water, at all events, till a better thing turns up And-let me seo-you I wonld rather astonish my clients if they saw you in that trim ; but we are something of a size, and I dare say I could find a few old clothes that would make you look a little decent. What do you say ?" This turn of affairs was so superior to what Thornway had calculated upon-his most san- guine hopes having been confined to the extrac \- iron of some immediate relief from either Richard Roebuck's fears or compassion-that there was positive thankfulness in his tone, as he replied : " I'm sure I'm much obliged to you, Master Roebuck." " Not at all-not at all," replied the gentle- man, in a condescending tone; " it is our duty to assist eaeh other where we can. Bnt you must remember that my name, at present, is not Master Roebuck, bnt Major Chevreuil. Yon must bear that in mind, if we are to be con- nected together. It is indispensable." " Well, I will," aaid Thornway; "but what made you ohange your name for that crack-jaw thing ?" " Family reasons, family reasons," remarked the major, with an important air. " It is a great advantage, too, in my line of business, to bo a military man. It commands influence with the emigrants." "A military man!" echoed Thornway; "why, you was never even drawn in the militia." " Quite unnecessary," observed the other ; " I have studied tactics, and that is sufficient. Besides, the militia is low. I belong to the line." And he held up a ruler to illustrate the remark. . "' But wouldn't colonel have sounded better?" asked Thornway. "Just the reverse," observed the officer be- nignly. "Besides I have all my life had a great regard for truth ; and I did not wish to give myself out for what I am not " jThornway, who had known his companion's career from boyhood, burst into a hearty laugh. " And when did you become a major then, may I make bold to ask ?" " When I ceased to be a minor, of course," was the reply ; " but I forget that you don't understand Latin. However, settle it in your mind that this, and everything else about me, is exactly what it ought to be. And mind, as I said before, 'that your connection with me depends entirely upon your forgetting all about Richard Roebuck. Major Chevreuil knows nothing whatever about him, and never means to ; and if I find that you have dropped a bint to any human being that suoh a man ever existed, we shall cease to be friends; and you might not find me a particularly desirable enemy. The law has a great many ins and outs that you know nothing about, and has taken the teeth out of a man's head before now. There, yon need not look as if yon had seen your grandfather's ghost. You do u I tell you, and I won't swallow you np. Now go and get your supper and your pipe. Come back in two hours for the clothes ; it will be dark by that time, and nobody will see you ; and be here at your post by nine in the morn- ing." With these words, and a look of self-satisfac- tion whioh might have hadiiteiorigin in innate benevolence, or in the attainment of a desirable object, he dismissed his protege to enjoy the happiest hour he had known for many months, troubled only by the thought of how he should BO time his expenditure that the whole of his half-crown would be fairly drunk out within the stipulated time. 