THE ENOW NOTHINGS OF AMERICA. From Maguire's " Irish, in America " The know nothing movement of 1854 and 1855 troubled the peace of Catholics, and filled the hearts of foreign-horn American, citizens with sorrow and indignation. They were made the victims of rampant bigotry and furious political partisanship. _ There was nothing new in this Enow Nothingism. _ It was as old as tho time of the Revolution, being Native Americanism under another name. Its animating spirit was hostility to the stranger— insane jealousy of the foreigner. It manifested itself in the Convention which fjwsjned the Constitution of the United States, though the right to frame that Constitution had been largely gained through the valour of adopted oitizens, born in foreign countries, and through the aid and assistance of a foreign nation. It manifested itself in the year 1796, in laws passed during the Administration of President Adam9, a narrow-minded man, much prejudiced against foreigners. The Alien Act, which was one of the most striking resultB of the illiberal spirit of that day, provided — "That the President of the United States shall be, and is hereby authorized, in any event aforesaid, by his 'proclamation thereof, \ or other public act, to direct the conduct to be observed, on the part of the United States, towards aliens . . . the manner and degree of the restraint to which they Bhall be subjected, and in wbat cases and upon what security tbeir residence shall be permitted, and to provide for the removal of those who, not being per mitted to reside in the United States, shall refuse or neglect to depart therefrom." Here was a despotism marvellously inconsistent with the object and purpose of the struggle which secured freedom and independence to the revolted colonies of England ! Here bIbo was folly bordering upon madness, in dis couraging that great external resource, through which alone the enormous territory even then comprehended within the limits of the Union could be populated and civilized — namely, the foreign element — those impelled, through various causes and motives, to cross the ocean, and make their borne in America. Remember ing the history of the last 50 years, during which thousands, hundreds of thousands, nay, millions of the population of Europe have been spreading themselves over the vast Ameri can continent, building up its cities, penetra ting and Bubduing its forests, reclaiming its wastes, constructing its great works, developing its resources, multiplying its population — in a word, making America what she .is at this day —one does not know whether to laugh at the absurdity of those who imagined that, without injury to the future of the States, they might bar their ports to emigrants from foreign countries ; or doubt the sanity of these who could deliberately proclaim, as the Hartford Convention of 1812 did — " That the stock of population already in these States is amply sufficient to render this nation in due time " sufficiently great and powerful, is not a contro vertible question." " Certainly not contro vertible to vanity and folly, which were stimulated by absurd jealousy and causeless apprehension. The generous men who as sembled at Hartford were willing to " offer the rights of hospitality " to the strangerB, under such conditions as those imposed in the Alien Act; but they took care to restrict their munificence to such fair limits as would secure all the honours and emoluments to themselves. Thus : " No person who shall hereafter be naturalized shall be eligible as a member of the Senate or House of Representatives of the United StateB, nor capable of holding any office under the authority of the United StateB." The Alien and Sedition laws, passed in the Administration of Adams, were repealed, 14 years afterwards, by the Jefferson Administra tion. These laws were repugnant to the spirit of the American Constitution ; and in oppos ing such laws, and confronting the narrow and ungrateful policy in which they originated, Jefferson and Maddison were simply treading in the broad footprints of the illustrious Washington. This hostility to the foreigner, intensified by religious prejudice, exhibited itself on various occasions— notably in the disgraceful riots of 1844; but on no occasion was the feeling so universal, or its display so marked, as in the year 1854 and 1855, when the banner of Know Nothingism was made the symbol of poltical supremacy. Here was every element necessary to a fierce and relentless strife. The Constitu tion of Know Nothingism was anomalously adopted on June 17th, 1854, the anniversary of the Sa'ttle of Bunker's Hill. Strange, that that y Bacred to the freedom of America shoind be that on which citizens of a free Republic should plot in the dark against the liberties of their fellow men ! But so it was. A very few extracts from authentic documents will declare the motives and objects of this organization : — " Article 2. " A person to become a member of any sub ordinate council must be 21 yearB of age ; he must believe in the existence of a Supreme Being as the Creator and Preserver of the Universe; he must be a native-born citizen; a Protestant, horn of Protestant parents, reared under Protestant influence, and not united in marriage with a Roman Catholic, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; "Articled. "Sec. 1. The object of this organization shall he to resist the insidious policy of the Church of Rome, and other foreign influence againBt the institutions of our country, by placing in all offices in the gift of the people, or by appointment, none but native-born Pro testant citizens." The Know Nothing oath — for the society was not only secret, but bound by oaths— was m acoordance with the Bpirit of the foregoing. It was comprehensive as well as precise, as the following will show— "You furthermore promise and declare that you will not vote nor give your influence for any man for any office in the gift of the people unless he be an American-born citizen, in favour of Americans ruling America, nor if he he a Soman Catholic. " You solemnly and sincerely swear, that if it may be legally, you will, when elected to any office, remove all foreigners and Roman Catholics from office ; and that you will in no case appoint such to office." Many who joined this organization had not the excuse — the bad excuse — of fauaticiBm for their conduct. Lust of power was their ruling passion; to trample their opponents under foot, and Becure everything to themselves, their animating motive. If they could have attained their ends through the Catholic body, they would have employed every art of wile and seduction in the hope of securing their co operation : but as they deemed it more to their advantage to assail and blacken the Catholics, they accordingly did assail and blacken them to the satisfaction of their dupes. For re ligion — any form of religion — they did not care a cent ; probably they regarded it as so much venerable superstition and priestcraft — a very excellent thing for women and persons of weak mind, hut not for men ; at any rate, men of their enlightenment. Members of no con gregation, these defenders of the faith never "darkened the door" of a church or meeting house, and save, like the Bailor who did not know of what religion he was, but was "d — d sure he was not a Papist," entertaining a blind prejudice against Catholicity, they were as ignorant 'of Christian belief as any savage of Central Africa. Happily for the cause of truth and common sense, there were in those days men bold enough to lash hypocrisy and humbug. Henry A. Wise, of Virginia, was one of those bold defenders of the truth, and unmaskers of fraud. His speeches, when canvassing his State on the Democratic ticket for the office of Governor, which he won gallantly, are full of the most Btinging rebukes of his opponents, whom he defeated in argument as well as in votes. In hiB remarkable speech at Alexandria, he thus hit off the religious pretensions of mauy of this claBS of Know Nothings, who affected a new born interest in the Bible : — " They not only appeal to the religious ele ment, but they raise a cry about the Pope. These men, many of wliomare neither Episco palians, Presbyterians, Baptists, Methodists, CongregationaliBts, Lutherans, or what not— who are men of no religion, who have no Church, who do not say their prayers, who do not read their Bible, who live God-defying lives every day of their existence, are now seen with faces as long as their dark lanterns, -with the whiteB of their eyes turned up in holy fear lest the Bible should be shut up by the Pope ! Men who were never known before, on the face of God's earth, to show any interest in religion, to take any part with Christ or His Kingdom, who were the Devil's own, belonging to the devil's church, are, all of a sudden, deeply interested for the word of God and against the Pope! It would be well for them that they joined a church which does believe in the Father, and in the Son, and in the Holy Ghost." As a further specimen of the manner of this famous Democrat, another passage may be quoted from the same speech. He now desires to show the religion of the party, as defined by their Constitution, according to which one of the qualifications of membership is mere belief in the existence of a "Supreme Being " : — " No Christ acknowledged ! No Saviour of mankind! No Holy Ghost! No heavenly Dove of Grace ! Go, go, you Know Nothings, to the city of Baltimore, and in a certain street there you will see two churches. One is inscribed, O Monos Theos'-— to the one God ;' on the other is the inscription, ' As for us, we preach Christ crucified — to the Jews a stumbling- block, and to the Greeks foolishness.' The one inscribed, ' O Monos Theos ' is the Uni tarian Church; the other, inscribed, 'We preach Christ crucified' is the Catholic Church ! Is it — I ask of Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Methodists, and Baptists — is it, I ask, for any orthodox Trinitarian Chrisiiau Church to join an association that is inscribed, like the Uni tarian Church at Baltimore, O Monos Theos' — to the one God ? Is it for them to join or countenance an association that so lays its religion as to catch men like Theodore Parker and James Freeman Clarke ? I put it to all the religious societies — to the Presbyterians, the Episcopalians, the Methodists, and the Baptists— whether they mean to renounce the divinity of Christ and the operation of the Holy Spirit, when they give countenance to this secret society, which is inscribed, to the one God?"' A rebuke, milder in tone, and beautiful as a picture, may be taken from a speech delivered at Richmond by Senator R. M. T. Hunter during the Know Nothing campaign But, fellow-citizens, I went a little too far when I said it was proposed to proscribe CatholicB for all offices in this country. There are some offices which the sons and daughters of that Church are still, considered competent to discharge. I mean the offices of Christian charity, of ministration to the sick. The ' Sister of Charity may enter yonder peBt-house, from whose dread portals the bravest and strongest man quails and shrinks; she may breathe there the breath of the pestilence that walks abroad in that mansion of misery, in order to minister to disease where it is most loathsome, and to relieve suffering where it is most helpless. There, too, the tones of her voice may be heard mingling with the last accents of human despair,' to soothe the faint ing soul, as she points through the gloom, of the dark valley of the shadow of death to the CroBS of Christ, which stands transfigured in celestial light, to bridge the way from earth to' heaven.' And when cholera or yellow fever invades your cities, the Catholic Priest may refuse to take refuge in flight,' holding the place of the true Soldier of the Cross to be by the sick man's bed, even though death pervades the air, because he may there tender the minis trations of his holy office to those who need them most." It is impossible to describe the frenzy that seemed to possess a certain portion of the American people, whose strongest passions and most cherished prejudices were stimulated by appeals from the press and the platform, the pulpit and tho street tub. It seized on com munities and individuals as a species of uncon trollable insanity. Bitten by the madness of the moment, acquaintance turned savagely on acquaintance, friend upou friend, even relative upon relative. The kindly feelings which it took years to cement were rudely torn asunder and trampled under foot. The Irish Catholic was the chief object of attack. He waB guilty of the double crime of being an Irishman and a Catholic; and, to do him justice, he was as ready to proclaim his faith as to boast of his nativity. His enemies were many, his friends few, his defenders leas. Poor Pat had indeed a sad time of it. That tho religious feeling added bitterness to the national prejudice was made manifest by the unreasoning fury of those who combined both antipathies in their hostility. Either, how ever, was quite sufficient to swell the outcry and deepen the hatred against its unoffending objects. Thus the religious prejudice was so bitter, and so violent, that it prevailed against identity of nationality ; and the national prejudice was so envenomed that religious sympathy could scarcely restrain its exhibition, aud eould not prevent its existence. It is not to be wondered at that the genuine Irish. Orangemien sided with the persecutors of his Catholic countrymen ; and his conduct on many occasions was a sufficient evidence of bis unna tural ferocity. Many Irish Protestants, not Orangemen, gave countenance to the Know Nothings, though, according to the Know Nothing code, none but native-born Protestants were held to be eligible for any office or position in the gift of the people, whether by election or appointment. The shabby conduct of this clasB1 of Irishmen wbb the result either of sectarian hate, or a sense of their own help lessness. They were willing to persecute, or they hoped to propitiate ; therefore they loo joined in the cruBade against their countrymen in a foreign land. But there were many, many glorious exceptions to this unworthy conduct. Irish Protestants — men of strong religious opinions, who opposed Catholicity on principle — boldly took their stand by the oppressed, and resented the policy of the Know Nothing party aB if it were directed exclusively againBt themselves. Sympathising with their Catholic fellow- countrymen, they met the assailants gallantly, and rebuked their insane folly with the courage and the sense of men. And to Irishmen who thus acted Catholics felt bound by the strongest ties of gratitude and respect. It waB a time to test the true merit of the man, and those wjio stood it triumphantly were deservedly honoured. Strange as it may appear, this anti-foreign insanity caught hold of the soub of Irish Catholics.; nay, its presence was detected at the altar and in the pulpit ! It waB too base an infirmity' to touch a generous mind, and those who were affected by it were weak, and vain, and foolish, and Americans knew thetn to he such: Where one is born is a matter of accident. If this be so under ordinary cir cumstances, it iB eminently so with the children of emigrants ; they may have been born at either side of the Atlantic, or at Bea. Absurd instances might be told of the bods of Irish Catholic emigrants boasting of their American birth, and expressing their sympathy with the Know Nothing's hatred of foreigners. The humble, honest parents, redolent of the soil, endowed with a brogue rich and mellifluous enough to betray their origin, were they met with on the Steppes of Russia, or in the desert of Sahara; and the unworthy son railing, with the choicest accent of the country in which he wbb accidentally " dropped," against the land of his fathers ! Such spectacles have been witnessed, to the infinite shame of the rmserablo creatures whose vanity was too much i for a weak head .and a poor heart. But that such melancholy spectacles were witnessed — were possible— is a proof of the madness that seized on the public mind. The high- minded American Catholic took his stand by his Irish co-religionist, to whose fidelity, liberality, and enthusiasm, he justly attributed much of the marvellous progress which the Church had made, and was destined to make, in America. There were, among Catholics, a few exceptions to this generous and wise policy ; but, on the whole, the religious sympathy held all other feelings in control, or effectually neutralised the poison of the national infection. Like fever or cholera, this politico-religious epidemic was milder or more virulent in one place than in another. Here it seized hold of the entire community ; ttiere it caught but a few individuals. Here it signalised its presence by, riots ; there by bloodshed. In this city its congenial result was a burning, or a cowardly assassination ; in the other, a stand-up fight, in which, the Irish Catholic had to encounter enormous odds against him. That compara tively little mischief was done to ecclesiastical property may be accounted for by the manner with which, as by one impulse, the Catholics rallied round churches and convents wherever there was a probability of their being assailed. In New York, Know Nothingism made little external display in mischief and outrage; which fact may be accounted for in two ways — the one, that the Irish population had by this time grown too powerful to be wantonly trifled with ; the other, that they listened in an obedient spirit to the advice of the Archbishop, who wisely believed that the madneBB would speedily die out if left to itself, and if hot stimulated by opposition ; that it was some thing similar to a conflagration of flax, violent for the moment, but without any enduring power. The Archbishop was right in his judg ment. It was a frenzy of the, hour, artfully- inflamed by angry sects, 'and skilfully directed, by unscrupulous , politicians — men who would stop at nothing which could in any way further the objects of their selfish ambition. The fury of the madness did die out ; but the feelings to which it gave rise, or evoked into new life, did not so readily pass away. I might possibly be accused of romancing if I ventured to describe the feeling of hostility to which abuse . and misrepresentation of Catholics — Irish Catholics espeoially — gave rise in the Protestant mind of America. Horrible as such a confession may sound in the ears of rational men, Protestants of good repute have since declared, that at one time they believed that to kill a Catholic priest, or burn down a Catholic church , would be doing the most ac ceptable service to God ! I had heard this from the most reliable sources in more than one State ; yet it was so monstrous, I .hesitated to give it credence. But while I wavered between doubt and belief, I myself heard from the lips of a Catholic convert— a gentleman of worth and good Bocial position — the same confession, in almost the very same words. I naturally thought, what must have been the sentiment of a low and vulgar mind, when such was the feeling of a man of good character and so- called liberal education ? Until I heard him, I did not thoroughly appreciate the moral blind ness and savage frenzy of the genuine Know Nothing. An alderman of a certain city in Tennessee informed a friend of mine that such was his feeling in his youth that "he considered it doing an honour to the Deity to take his double-barrelled shot-gun, and shoot any- Catholic he might meet." He does not hold that opinion now, as he has been a zealous Catholic since the Christmas of 1865, when he was received into the Church. In another oity of Tennessee an Irishman named Hefferman, was shot during the Know Nothing excitement; but the three men who were the cause of his death joined the Church which they hated and persecuted in his person. Indeed, such was the astounding rampancy of assertion — such the omnivorous swallow of public credulity — that when the Catholic church of Nashville was in the course of erection, it was stated in the newspaper which borrowed its inspiration from the present Governor Brownlow, that the vaults, or base ment of the building, were intended for the in- carceration of Protestants when the Pope wbb ; to come over and take the country ! It was also asserted, and rather widely believed, that John Mitchell, who had started the Citizen newspaper, was ah agent of the Jesuits ; in fact a Jesuit in disguise ! I must admit that the credulity which converted , basements of churches into dungeons ought not to be quoted as a conclusive proof of the insanity of Know Nothingism ; for I have heard much the same thing announced in a solemn place, and with owl-like gravity, not long since, and not in America. , , The honest " No Popery" zealots were not bad but only misguided men ; and when they had the opportunity of forming a right judg ment—of emancipating themselves from the leading-strings in which interested bigots had held their minds— they unhesitatingly made the fullest and most generous atonement. One of these iurious but honest "No Popery" zealots was going on a voyage of some ' days' duration, and happening to come on board the steamer at the last moment before her departure, he found it difficult to procure accommodation. "Not a cabin, sir — not s berth— all taken," said the clerk. " Can't you put me anywhere ?" asked the gentleman ; "go I must, though I slept on the floor." The clerk glanced over his hooks to see how, if possible, he could accommodate the passenger, who awaited the result with marked anxiety. "I have discovered a berth, sir—the top berth —in one cabin ; the lower berth is occupied by a very quiet person who won't give you much trouble ; he's a Catholic priest." " A Catholic priest!— did you say a priest? "Why, damn him ! I would not stay in the same room with him," exclaimed tho passenger. "Well, sir, that's your affair, not mine," replied the clerk ; " it is all I can do for you." " Look you !" said the passenger, " if one of us is missed at the end of the voyage, I tell you it won't be me; for if that fellow dares to address one word to me, out of the window he will go — that I tell you now." The clerk took the declaration coolly, not being unused to hear strong language, and even occasionally witness strange occurrences. In this happy frame of mind the passenger took possession of his upper berth at night, and growled him self to sleep. When he awoke in the morning and remembered where he was, and who was his companion, he had the curiosity to ascertain what the " infernal . miscreant was after." Peeping from his vantage-ground, he beheld tho miscreant on his knees, apparently absorbed in prayer. "Damn you! there you are," was the benediction muttered in the bed-clothos of the upper berth. Its occupant looked again and agaiu, but the miscreant was still at " his humbug." At length the miscreant rose from his knees and left the cabin, thus affording the tenant of the upper berth an opportunity of opening the window, and getting rid of the odour of brimstone which "the devil" had left after him. When the pair happened to meet during the day, the lower berth courteously : bowed, and said something civil, to which the upper berth responded with something that bore a strange resemblance to an imprecation. " Is the fellow really serious, or is it all a sham?" thought the Know Nothing, as he witnessed the same piety, the name wrapt de- ' votion, the second morning. Stranger still, if the upper berth happenad to visit the cabin during the day, it was ten chances to one that he discovered the " extraordinary animal" on his knees, or deep' in a- book of devotion. For dhys the pries't was the object of the most jealous watchfulness, stimulated by suspicion and dislike; but it was ever the same— the same appearance of genuine piety, and the same courtesy of manner. The honest gentle man in th6 upper berth, was staggered, and did not know 'what to think of it. "The fellow might possibly be a fool, but he certainly was not a humbug." This waB a great concession, a gigantic stride towards liberality of senti ment. At length he spoke with his fellow- passenger, and found him, what others had long before found him to be, intelligent and well-informed. He was not a fool, and not a humbug ; then, what was he ? The conviction rapidly grew upon the tenant of the upper hertb, that his companion was a gentleman and a Christian minister; and, ere the voyage was at an end, the heart of the furious hater of Catholicity was changed ; more than that, ere many months had passed, he who threatened to put the priest out of the window on the first provocation, became a practical Catholic, and there is not at this moment in America a stouter defender of the Church than he is ! As a striking contrast to the furious and unreasoning hatred which the incident, just narrated represents, one of a different nature may be told. It oecured in the very height of the Know Nothing excitement, during a journey made by a priest, who iB now Bishop of a Southern diocese. "The clergyman found himself one of a very miscellaneous company in a public Btoge. Next to him, as he sat in the front part of the vehicle, was a gentleman of grave and reserved demeanour; while the other passengers ap peared to be of the ordinary class to be met with under such circumstances, who freely dis cussed all manner of topics, whethor of a personal or a public nature, and whose lan guage was occasionally Bprinkled with profanity. iThe company had proceeded a considerable way on their journey, when the gentleman who sat next the future Bishop enquired of bicu if he were not a "minister?" "Why do you think so ?" asked the priest. " Well, I don't exactly know ; but you say grace before meals, and you don't curse and swear." "I am a Catholic priest." Baid the gentleman's neigh- hour. " I am glad to hear if," said the gentle man, " for I desire to ask you a question ; and believe me I do not think of asking it from an idle motive, as you will see." The priest assured him he would be happy to answer any questions which it was in his power to answer. " Then I wish to know if a Catholic clergyman would hear the confession of a Protestant, if the Protestant wanted to confess ?" " Confes sion," replied the priest, " has two benefits- good advice ' and absolution. Absolution can only be given to a'' Catholic, but good advice may be given t& a Protestant ; and, therefore, for that purpose— the giving of good advice— a priest c;ould hear the confession of a Protes tant''"! told you," continued the gentleman did not ask the question from an idle motive. I am a Protestant, and I wish you to hear my confession, that I may have the bene fit of your advice." The priest consented, using the simple words, "Yery well, begin." At this moment the passengers, who had left the stage, were walking upa long and steep hill; and while the two meti were apparently sauntering idly up that hill, one of them was pouring into the aar of the other a story of the deepest interest to his peace of soul; and when the passengers again resumed their places in the stage, and while laugh, and jest, and pro fane remark were heard on every side, that strange confession was continued," as the two men leaned back in the vehicle, and the one listened to the voluntary disclosures of the other. When the story had been told, and the promised advice given, the gentleman said, "Well, now, I can't understand it ! These are matters that I could not tell to my brother — that I would not for the world my wife should know — that I could not confide to my minister, or whisper to my friends; for I would die rather than that the world should know them ; and here I have freely told them to you, a stranger, whom I never saw before, and whom I may never see again— and why do I tell all this to you? Because you are a Catholic priest. And what appears to me so strange is the perfect confidence I have in you ; for I have not the slightest fear you will reveal one word of what I have told you to mortal earB. This is what I eannat understand." The seeds of sectarian hatred were scattered broadcast over the land, or wafted, like the thiBtle down, on every breeze; and if there has been no recent crop of lusty hate and active frenzy ; if there have been no burnings, and wreckings, and outrages, to record up to this time, notwithstanding that the usual period for the outbreak of such semi-religious semi-political epidemics has come and gone, this apparently Btrange phenomenon may be rationally accounted lor. We should be glad to attribute it wholly to the good sense of the American ' people, who we should desire to think were no longer to be made the dupes of monstrous falsehoods and deliberate misrepre sentations, or to be led astray by theories which are not only grossly abBurd, but opposed to the progress of the United States. Making, how- over, every fair allowance for the growing good sense of the American people, we cannot but attribute much of the better feeling which now exists to an event that may be well described as one' of the most memorable in the history of the world— the late Civil War. Not only has that war exhibited, in the most signal manner, the enormous value of the foreign element — its strength, its courage, and its fidelity ; but the Catholic Church as bad, during that terrible national ordeal, an unlooked-for, though Provi dential, opportunity of displaying its true policy, at once Christian and patriotic, and of convincing even the most prejudiced of its purity, its holiness, and its charity. Boy : " Have a paper ?" Man, " No, sir." Boy (loud to Jem) : Say, Jem' don't you pity tliose fellows as can't read." 