.ORa INInDt StHME today oontasht-Ftrm and.Gardon; A Scotch Juryin New Zeanlsni The Babes cinth Cloudaa ;,The United King=; om'o' and the Colonies; The Sceno of a Grout Crime;,Olihneso. Ghosts; Important Speech of Prince 13istorck k Shoop.Breeding; Victorian tr New ;. Poetry 'Noyes of the WVok, ac. -I'cuLiaAsi IfiND.-The "Jllercurii reports thatto .Publicans wqro foned at the Police, Court on Thureday for brenohos ofi the Lien ing Aol- :-Thomas, Darey, landlord of the In Poneclk Inn, was fined fis tnd costa for allow- s ing persons to be In his house afier hours and of George Floming, of the White Lion, was fined of 20siana doslp fyr uermittinoippOontato play a game of chance in his licensed house, - rBouir R dd6 uciimti.-The body'of Samuel Colliiij tthe woodboatmsuri '.who wan' drowned th by the upsetting of his boat in the river Der- pe wont, on the 4thshiuldt hastiejfbedo'n tecovered. A Trit -LATE' Mi H. HorxiNs.-Mr W. P. fr. Dowling,+ of Btisbarie str'ot, lics just :corn-. 41 pltted a life sizos pprtrait of the late Mr 1( Hopkins. It is an enlarged copy of one of 3: Wdbll'ey'' photograph's, and is nd' a1Dnirable pt likobesb"f the. doseitod geoutlemriio. It is lg i4i' cigdfortbe Board-rqom of th ýoebart FI Towbi Gas Company, of Vwhichb Mr . Hopkina' ; tons' one'of the earliest promoters end dieotote. 01 Tlto $srtkdlt will'e on 'View for s'' few 'dyes a prtp,'tofisluigiggremoved to,Hobar ,Town, C ned'.wea tecommend the, friends of. the do-le acneed ,gentlemen to, examine 'it, "nesriud 4 that'they' 'vill' ho highly gratified with the iC result. ... Seed*v.1tiur! g the lact few "ays the gr meoyfisibn to thi east of.Lcnoceston have been a completely onvelopod in snow; andi on Wed- C nesdsy mornineca slight shower fell in Laun. ceston, the flakes melting idri-btly they touched th oindiJ. ', At Deloraine on tho same day it we holievq the grourid was quite white with pr snow.'. , '. I h n'tioTiCoeiso To Fsere-A few days ago a' D getting ofpereoosinterested in the propaga lion of indigenous and:oxotio fish was hold at ri" tho office of Messrs; Douglas and Collins, tor b) the purpose 'of ';ooneidering how that object 1 might beopromoted., Mi- W. T. 'Bell was po voted to the chair. The remarks made were SP of a conversational character, but all agreed ex that something nist be done to protect the tii freohwaterhorriugdnring the spawning Beason; o and further, that fine iron gratings should be cc] fixed at the inlet of overy mill-race to pro eli vent the wholcoalo destruction of eX fth which there is reason to believe sei is now carried on in the country' u districts, MIr G. T. Collins undertook to in draft a bill to sencure those objects. and several gu gentlemen present proffered their services to Ti take n petition round for signature asking Ta Parliament to allowit to become law. It was Ox also tesolvued' to apply to the Salmon Com- A! missioners for 1000 ualmon-trout onv and an A equal quantity of bull-trout dva, which will be placed in Ithe charge of Mr W. Harrison, of Charles.atrect, the intention being to put the ito former: into the South Eak. We understand nu that, as one of the results.of this meeting, it wl is probable an: association will be formed for. wI the propagation of fish, and posibly it may take the tbape of en acclimatisation society, spi which hals long been wanted hero. pr' Husa'tss blunsetrsr.n.'--A 'good 1i0nee as- lia sembled lust! oibolit itt 'the Theatre Royal to Oil enjoy the excellent programmie put out by 1luesey's .minstrels. In addition to new ex ballsds;: smt, concerted pieces, Miss B3tanatie Clitton' sang -in' charnetor "Halipy Granny 11o Snow" and'a spirited little cantata t2 11u jieani- ti dir'ao, tn both 'of which ,ae 'evas' ruptoroosly' nu applauded. The clever dancing of Messrs. va Carroll 'rid Collins, and the comic farce "Dra- to matio:Agoney" were also highly ippreciated, th but the triumph of the evening most decidedly kr fell to' Mr 'Frank Hussey for his inimitable no rendeeingpf Che popular comic song "Love tri Among the Roses." To-day there will be a10 Wi afternoon performance lat 2 30, finishing in Pl time to allow of country visitors getting away to by the' afternoon train. For next week a ka gland bill liso been prepared,~ the negro m burlesque opera of La. Sonnambula, which o0 obtained .such unqualified praise from the a critics of the. Melbourne press; being in ft" course of preparation, 'll COAuromin'ei WAxwonxs,-This really fine he exbibitiounof wao figures, inuloding most of to the celebrated characters of the day, is still lii open in the largo hall of the Mechanics' ti Institute; but hls not been patronised to the gi extdhit'it'deserivbu; Those who. itve saen the di onigndies of many of the figures speak of ther w as oxcellent likencests, from which it may be hl fairly-inferred' that all are equally truthful to h1, nature, To-night the exhibition closes, and P we feet n hbesitation in advising those who k hav6'tlioa'isaons and time to devote to ibis in- k strnotive 'and" beautiful collection of war- Iv wdrk; hot, to' loeo ni opportunity no seldom b afforded in this colony. Tone HouIAnoT TOWN' BnowEns AND TuE b PnnDuoones-Accoording to the local papers hi a mleeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Asso- fi clation was held at Hobart Town on Tuesday C afternoon, at which was discussed the prices n now 'chergod by the brewers for their ales. a 1't'wa contended that itese should now be u grbdtlt reduced as tho prices paid for malt- s ing barley, snuer, and hops' were now much a lower, than they were oeven before the .last r ararice was made in the price of beer. It c was resolved tiat if the brewers would not t meet the views of the publicans, the latter I should start a brewery or breweries, and , supply Clhemeolvee. A depustation on WVed-t nesday 'waicid 'upon tlte brewers on the sdbje'o; There are five in Hobart Toewn, end it wee found they had entered into a writteumagreemont with ouch ether not to roeuc prices, The pubhicuns, therefore, area now'scurohing for eligible premisee, io begin thgbr'oiying of their own "onut-broon,"' Sraow.-A heavy fall of enow occurred in RobariTown on Weducaday amorning, The Alereoruj, deucribing E,irse'etlecta says.-The snow, we' m'ty 'add, iceuted to antonish the fowl'ifind the 'dige' caneiderobly; it jvas iii part of thueir edacatioti by instinct to recog nise, it;. and the mere they attempted to ondrersund it, the less they eppeurell io do so, niuch to the wvitlurment' of die buns who, ettemoiping to pick up the' laken, picked at R~uonr on nsus Fuuuir.-A bottle nt'viinegar has. beens laft with us by a lady from the North Shore. It is madi, from ro fuoe fr'titZpoeachese nut apples. Thu fallen friitt is simply pet itot a beaket, i'nd allowed to dritin into a crock, asnd is then atreined sod casiced, nod 'placed iii the ten until 'the fol lowing" season, when it is fit for use. Macli talk it heard witth respect to otitisiug refues frniit'by extrnating its spirit-we are diepnaed so thick we are toinlmor wont of vinegor than' spirit. We remind our rend'crs that the :nurket price of vinegar is it per pini stud a-half bottle. Tie color is oneellent, and it is 'found that pickles made with this vinagar 'keep better Chain she ordinery" shbop" ebid.-4,dneyizo1o-rning nerad. "lnoweN "Tnour -AoAIN.-It would appear hat'thia illegal possession of this flab, uniofer. h ,rod w{hi by, the. pollee, is not confined to fi his ad. eld.ofJ.the' 'nland. A paragraph 'in i hursday's MeIorcrcry stato' that a brown w trout saught in s trap in the river Jordan on 4 nloodhy'was to be soon at Mr Bilatimona's a'mily Hotel, Liverpool-street. Tho fish, of vholh had boen opened before its arrival in S own, weighs four pounds, and mesesures 21 ' inches in length by 1Ik inches in girth. -It 1t was forwarded to towa by Mr Franois Coux, h of hse Crooked Billet, This fish is the flat tl specimen yet taken in tso.Jordan. 9J Toar' Yse Gazette''gives the following a' t the numbors of the troops enagned on both ides in the battle ofKiiniggriito (Sadowa) and n tbo prionipal battles of thoi' Franco-Germana war i:---"Kdniggrll'o -,240,000 Pruesians, of 120,000 Austrians and Saxons. Gravelotte from 240,000 to 272,000 Germans ' at least,' $10,000 French, Woerth-l50,000 Germins, 60,000,French. Speioheren-45,000 French,. a 32,000 Prussians. Mara-la-Toor, until half. post 4' in the afternoon-45,000 Prussians gsinst at first 120,000, afterwards' 160,000 i French; in , the , evening 100,000, Germanet Against, 20 ,Q9Q0 F enobh Sodtsn-210,000, ermaona, 150,000 French. Orleans (third attlj .- 100,000 to 110,000 -Germane,l 00,000 to 240,000 Frenob. Le Mans- c' 0,000 to 100,000 Germane, 120,000 to 2 }40,000 Frenob. Bllfort and Montbdliard- 2 82,000 to 30,000 Germans 'at most,' against 100,000 to 110,000 French. Tho thrne p greatest battles of the present centory, so far as numbers go are-, Leipzig (270,000 to h 800,000 against ;100,000), Gravalotte, and Kliiriiggrdt,." ,e Tun CANARY AND PIGEON SocIeTY a Exul. I eterroN, opened in Melbourne last week, H proved a considerable success for a first exhi. bition. From the papers to band by the s.s, h Derwtent we learn that Mr Metzger, of East th Iselbostrne, received thu ctup given tb tieta most stccessful exhibitor of canaries. The to cempetition was very close between him and o Mr Hardie, of Richmond, the number of points scored by each being 23 and 22 re spectively. The cup for the most successful t exhibitor of pigeons was given to Mr Crewe at thers, whose number of points was 23, against to Messrs Fox and Son's 20. Messrs Fox ro. (h ceived Mr George Watson's cup for the most at successful exhibits of pouter pigeons. The I" exhibits of carriers were not considered do- Ac serving of the president's cup. The several cups consisted of etneggsltandsomelymounted , in silver and gold. The cup for the best Boel t gian canary was won by Mr Aldred, of ot Hobart Town. The Argue states that " the sc Tasmanian birds rank as the finest in the ti exhibition; and the order in wlieh the ex. m hibitors stand in point of sticcess is-Mr Aldred first, Mr Northcoto second, and Mer d Montgomery third, 'It may give persons ao who have not visited the show some idea of its extent when we mention that the toal' number of birds present is about 825, of which at least 450 are canaries." A supper was given on Monday evening in honor of the Tasmanian competitors, and in the speeches which followed a feeling was ex pressed that although the Tasmanians w had succeeded in carrying away the challenge tl cup, it would be a formidably contested battle cs for them to do the same at the next annual exhibition. . d AN ODD-LooKING 1IJNTORU-d la KnAoA. di noo.-A correspondent of the. Dally JLerald to states that " wild horses having become so numerous on Dunmore, and their smarket V value 0o low, the proprietor has determined ft to destroy them on the run rather than incur C the expense of mustering. A gentleman Well 2 known in this district as a crack shot has hI now taken thio contract to shoot them. After Ii ttying all sorts of dodges andscltemee to got 1, within range, he has hit upon the following plan, which answers admirably. He has oh. tamed and dried the skin of an 'old man' kangaroo, which he fixes upon his own body, making himself look as like the original owner as possible. The skin of the tail, about L a foot of which 'ho has cut off, hangs loosely from his coat tail. When a mob of horses is o sighted,, he passes the barrel of. .his rifle between his logs and down the hollow of the ii tail, holding the stock in his hands. He then q hops slowly and gracefully on towards whero the horses are grazing or in camp. When lIe gets sulliciently near, he turnn.his back to the doomed animals, low era his head as if lIe were going to feed, the tail rises, a report is heard, and a horse drops. As many its 20. have been shot in one day by adopting this plan, and four and five in one mob as they keep coming ttp to the slaughtered ones, not knowing what the deuce is up. During the last few weeks no lees than 240 'wild horses have been shot." THEc CAPn MAIL ROUTE, t0.-Tho "Mel. bourne Argus of Saturday last nays :-By I the outgoing mail a communication will be h forwarded by the Government to the Agent General asking itim to obtain further infor. mation relative to the Cape mail route, and also to ascortain whether the Imperial Governtent would be inclined to grant tiny subsidy in support of a postal service by ttch a line of steamers, The Chief Secretary has a received a telegram from the Governor of South Australia notifying that at the end of two years that colony will cease to contri bute to the P. and 0, Company's service. It is therefore considered not'improbiable that at the exisiration of thtak paried kthe whsolo hur. den ef tisat line will fall on Victoria. The Goveratoent of thit coluny haa recoiv-ed pro ltoeitiooo for tws nervices via San Frenciaco, one traos thes colany of New Zealand and kthe othter fronm a private firm. Cutoyaner.2ro5 Ewes 1.--After all fthal lia been said in depreciation of the large chig noes naw in Vegas among the ladies, it mtsy pleaso ithe atimirers of tltese appendages to hesr of a caso in which tltiir 'utility is vrooched for. IDuring 'the week (says the .ilelboutrse Aye) a yoong lady woe throevo frott lher horse in Chsrcit-street, Riebmond, sand slighting upon her head, sustained eon cussiaa af the brain. Fortanately site wne ttte wearer of a feehiooabla cihignon, aid thit, says the medical gentleman who ottended her until site recovered censaiouenesa, in all probability saved her life, for' it broke the force tit she fell, and prevented the lceoratien sf cthe send. After this, Itareewomten may Lie 1expected to cry " cisignons for ever."' IlIOatE CocERaFULNoES.-Many' al Cbiid goca astray, tet breisese there is a wenti of pester or virtue at homens buti simply because Iomet laciss I ottshinc. A. esitd needs smiien an macis no aflowers nerd sasibesms. Children tasit litci. I bevead the peesen~t memeot. It ti thin0 pleares, r they me apt to trek 5t; iflit displease's, thssy tier tproes to snoid it. If Itemes is thes pleas where lsfceastae seser sod swords sarsb, and Caalt'ftnditte I sener Its the satcedant, titey will sptend as matty bsoura as ;tossehls etteattere. Let cever Sfetiter sad mnstter, tlsen try to haethsppy. Let tltam talt to their children, tsps ca ty ti's littia eoes,fao scala awrayss ts'msks ahem hbappy. 'ia'oULTART PRAsE or LUNACY.-A rather peculiar charge of lunacy recently came be. fore the, t andridge Police Court, evidently esulting from excessive drinking:, The case was that of an intelligent looking man, of ohout 40 years of ago,, named John Glass, This mean jiad been a working overceor 'on i station, and had taken ltis paesngo in the Someree..shire for England; but it being die. hovered that hb was not quite, right in his head, his passage money was returned to him. His principal craze seemed to be that the pursons living in the same house were 9ndeavoriug to take his life by means of poison. One evening he was eo confident that 'he had taken poison, that, to use his his expression,c he renolvcd to take active measures to gete rid of it. He went to it chemiist's shop, and bought -six emall bottle, of castor oil, and knocking the heads off with his knife, swallowed the contents, and thereby,. as he considered, saved his life, though at considerable inconveniience. AN ACCOUNT oF AN AuSTiRALAN ALEX. ANDElt 1ELxIREc is given by thn Northern 4rgus t-" Soni time in the early part of the year two men were landed on the Wreck Reef with amplq provisions for the purpose of balleoctiing g~aod for~ a liobart' Town fSsm. lmii February one of the mes, while looking for coral, was drowned, and his' survivor was left alone on, the island where be remained till tbe 20th of May; boon the Lone Star called there for the purposa of' landing a whaling party of twbci y men. 'The ' solitary' was of course asmoeo frantic with joy at again seeing the hdiaisn face divine, for during tho months be was cntheisland he had not even seen a ahip, his only companions b'eing the sari birds, which congregate there in immense numbore He stated that at times be fancied that he bhoald 'go out of his mind, he was so oppressed with the extreme loneliness. Fortunately, he had' plenty of provisions, and enjoyed good health. lo remoinod on the island with the twenty whalers, who were going to commence operations at once, their boats and tackling having been convoyed by the Lone Stqr." INOnonoun PAINT.-A .composition for mixing' with white-had and other colors, to form au Inodorous plrint, in lIre of using linseed od, turpentine, and the' nosst driers, has litely leen brought out. According to the Journal of the Society of Arts, is poeeseses the following advantages:-It dride very quickly, so tais in lee taan halt an hour after application it in sufficiently dry and hard to receive another coat. it is pertectly Iuodoroue,O 'othat a room can be usud the same day it is painted, and thus it is peunllsrly adapted for painting offices, counting htnseo, staire, std ; all work whore time is on object. It cleans readily) ad is not affected by soap or alkalles. It is economical in sea, tinoueh the composition is in itsolt necessarily, from the materiele employed, doerer than liuoeed-oil. A front dolr, for instance that requires. four coasa, and with ordinary psint would take as many d'ys Qo de it in, can receive the foar costesof the now paint in one day. 