LITERARY NOTICES. The late Professor Oonington, whose rather untimely decease was a source of deep regret to most scholars and poets, translated the Satires, Epistles and AH of Poetiy of Horace into English verse, but scarcely lived to eee hiB translation through the press. A translation by so renowned a scholar was naturally ATtinr.ted to be a true tranalrttinn of the original, a faithful exponent of the mild satire and mellow wisdom of the great Venusian, and which, on account of its scholarly characteristics, and the excellence of its metre, would be regarded as a boon by the EngliBh reader. We bring the work under the notice of our readers merely to show them toat it is one of the best translations of an admirable author which can be had for money. During the year in which the lamented Professor's work waB published, a most genial, and in many caseB happy, translation of the Odes, Epodes, and Satires of Horace, by Mr. Theodore Martin, was also pub lished. This translation iB considered, by the best judges, to be one of the best yet made, not only on acoount of its fidelity to the original, but also on account of the ease and excellence of its metre. A few quotations from both translations will show how differently t wo writers of almost equal merit as poets, although perhaps differing in scholarship, can express the 6nmo thoughts in terse and excel lent English. Tho latter lines of the passage refer ring to the liberality of Horace's father in Book I., Satire 6, is thus rendered by Professor Coning ton : — No ; while my head's unturned, I ne'er stiall need To blush for thit dear father, or to plead As men oft plead, 'tis Nature's fault, not mine, I came not of a better, worthier iine. Not thus' I speak, not thu* I feel : the plea Might rerve another, but 'twere base »n me. Should fate this moment bid me to go back O'er all my length of years my life re-track To its first hour, and pick out such desccnt As man might wish for eYn to pride's content, I I should re6t satisfied with mine, nor choose, 1 New parents decked with senatorial shoe*, Mad most would think me, sane, as you'll allow, To waive a load ne'er thrust on me till now. Setting tho ' senatorial 'shoes' aside, we think Mr. Martin's translation of the same lines is toother and more satisfactory to the English ear than the Profeseor's version. Mr. Martin trans lates : — j Now, I know, . More earnest thanks and loftier praise I owe. .Reason must fuil mc ere I ceaw to own With pride, that 1 have such a father known : Nor Bhall I stoop my birth to vindi' ate, By charging, like the herd, the wrong on fate, That I was nut of noble lineage sprung ; For other creed inspires my heart and tongue. For now should Nature bid all living men Retrace their years aad live them o'er again, ' Each culling as his inclination bent, Bis parent for himself, with mine contcnt, I would not choose whom men endow as great With the insignia and the seats of state ; And though 1 seemed insane to vulgar eyes, Thou would'st perchance esteem me truly wi e. In thus refusing to assume the care Of irksome stale I was unused to bear. 'The insignia and tho seats of state' throw the ' senatorial shoes' into eclipse. Both passages have the necessary roughness of a translation, for a trans lator must sometimes sacrifice tho graces of poetic embellishment to fidelity. This is well seen in a parallel passage in Goldsmith's Traveller, in which the bard, free to write as his genius prompt?, and ha7ing most probably the ailnsions of Horace to his father, or a school-ghost of them flitting before his mind's eye, apostrophises hi- brother. ltemote, unfriended, melancholy, slow, Or by the lazv Scheld, or wandering Po ; Or onward, where the ru-5e Cariuthiau boor Against the h useless s'rang».r shut* the door; Or where Campania's p'aln forsakvn lies, A weary wa&te; expar.ding to the skies ; Where'er I roam, wha'ever realms to see, My heart untravelied fondly turns to thee ; Still to my brother turns, with ceaseless pain, ' And drags at eadi remove a lengthening chain. The styles of both these translators in the pas sage which represents the i-eld mouse entertaining a guest (Book II., Sotiro Gth) stand in udmirablo contrast. The Proiessor says : — He sparer not oats nor vetcbcs ; in his chaps Raisins he brings and nibbled bacon scraps, Hoping by varied dainties to eoti^e His town-hred guest, so delicate and nice, Who condescended Kraeionsly to touch Thing after thine, but never would take much, While be. the owner of the mansion, sate On threshed-out straw, and spelt and darnels ate. Mr. Martin renders this very happily in octo syllabics. In brief he did not sparo his board Of corn and pease, long coyly stored : Raisins be brought, and scraps, to boot, Balf gnawed of bac n, which he put With his own mouth before his guest, In hopes by offering his best In such variety he might Persuade him to an appetite. But still the clt with languid eye Just picked a bit then put it by ; Which with dismay the rustic saw As, stretched upon some stubbly straw, He munched at bran and commou grits Not venturing on the dainty bits. Tho Eoglibh reader, to whom the advantages of a liberul education have been denied, will find both the translations from which we have quoted excel lent means of becoming acquainted with Hoiatian wisdom. ^ ^ | Mr. Francis Turner Palgrave has written, and Messrs Macmiliian pnd Co. have published, a volume of lyrical poems, which, if it does not contain the best poetry of the season, contains at least many lyricB that are both mellifluous and respectable. In the poem called MeluBine we have a description of the abode of the heroine, which might almost tempt us to wish we were by her Bide. The legend is Celtic and ancient. Gray mean tains all aronnd Immovable ; green meadows bocom'd high Haunted with solitude ; the clinking bell Far off, yet nigh. Where the still herds like spots of shadow dwell Lush aspens by the lake Level pastures ; and the hidden nook Where, o'er worn boulders arrowy breaking by. The clear brown brook Makes stillness stiller with its one sweet cry. Gray mountains all around ; Above, the crystal azure, perfect, pale ; As if a skirt of Eden's heaven forgot Arch'd o'er the vale, ( Guarding a peace beyond earth's common lot. There is much lyrical sweetness in tho Recollec- ; tiens of Childhood, and much that wi l recall to the reader's mind the happy time when he gambolled in , innocence around his mother's knee. , I love the gracious littleness Of childhood's fancied reign ; The narrow chambers and the nooki That all the world contain ; , The fairy landscapes on the walls And half-imagined faces ; The stairs from thoughtless steps fenced off, The landing loved for races ; 1 By stranger feet the floors are trcd - That still in thought I see ; : But the golden days of childhood j May not return to me. ( These are fair and typical samples of the poetry contained in this volume, and may whet the reader'e | desire to see tho whole. i Dr. Goodwin, Professor of Grei k at the Harvard i University, in the TTnited States of America, has I revised and edited a translation of Plutarch's Slorila, ] which has been published by Little, Brown, and Co., of Boston, and which is considered one ot the best translations of Plutarch's miscellaneous woifes yet given to the world. Some English critics are rather annoyed, that America should have the honour of publishing such an excellent translation, bucause , the faot of its being published there indicates a j rather widely diffused taste for classical literature , among the American people. An introduction, by Ralph Waldo Emerson, is not the least valuable i part of the present volu ire. The translations which Dr. Goodwin has here given, in a revised form, are by mm'y different hands, some by Creech, others by Baxter, and others by men of leBS pote. Some of them aro very spirited, aid required scarcely any revision, while others very bald needed badly a hoBt of additions and amendments. Amongst the former is the story of a Roman, who lested his wife's power of keeping a secret, by telling her a ficiion, when she hau requested him to reveal to her one of the secrets of the state. The story has a counie:part in almost every literature, and an echo in almost every household. In our literature we have much tbat resembles it, the scene of the tale being nsually laid amongst the mysteries of free-masonry, or other equally provoking arcana. The device of the modern wag, who proposed to form a telegraph by placing a large number of ladies in h line, and communicating tbe news to tho lady placed at one extreme of the line, in order that it mijfbt be rapidly transmitted to tbe lady at the other extreme is but a modification of Plutarch's genial description of feminine weak ness. Tbe Roman had told his wife an untrue tale in answer to her importunities, and had then gone about his business. Plutorth says : — No sooner was he gone but his wife caught hold of the I first oi ber maids that entered the room, and then striking her breut and tearing he' hair, 'Woe is me,' said she, 'for my poor lmoband, and dearest country ! WTivt will become of us?' prumpting the maid, as if she were desirous that she shonl 1 Buy to lier, ' Why » wlmt is the ma-.ter mistre-s ?' Upon which she presently uDfolded all that her husband had told her ; nay, she forgot not the common burden witii which all twattle-bukets conclude their stories. 'But, hussy,' said she, 'for your life, be sure you say not a word of this to any soul living.' The wench no e mi or got out of her mistress's si. lit, but meeting one of her fellow-servants that had little to do. she unbosoms he^elf ; she, big with the news, with no less speed runs away to-her sweetheart, '*wbo h&i; come to pay her a visit, and without any more ado tells bim all. By this weans the story flew about the market place, before the first deviser of ft could get thither. Pre sently, one of his acquaintance mreting him. a-ked, 'Did you come straight from your house 7' ' ithout any stop page,' replied the other. 'Asd did you hear nothing?' said hia fiiend. 'Why?' quoth the other; 'is there any news?' 'Ohl' quoth his friend, 'A lark has been llyiBg in the air, with a golden helmet upon her head, and, a spear in her claw, and tl c ticnate is summoned to consult about it.' Upon which, the gentleman sailing : ' God-a- mercy, wife,' quoth he, ' for lieing so nimble ! One would have th 'Ught 1 might have got into the market-place before a story so lately told had time to get there; hut I see 'twas not to be done.' Plutarch was an arch rogue, yet there was wisdom in his roguery. Tbe present revised translation of his Morals will hrlp to perpetuate his fame, amongst those who are unable to read him1 in any other lan guage than, their own. 