WENTWORTH HALL. CHAPTER XVIII. ELEANOR SEES A GHOST. Although Eleanor hated her husband with an undying hatred, one that neither circumstances nor time would thoroughly eradicate, she was unwilling for various reasons to commence any criminal action against him, and as he had signified his intention of leaving England, she determined to let him go away in peace. She saw no benefit in detaining him, and any attempt on her part to take legal proceedings against him would appear like malicious revenge. As she was not of a revengeful nature, she thought it best to let him go. Nor was it until she was perfectly satisfied that he was thousands of miles away would she consent to the necessary formalities to be gone through which would render her marriage with Herbert legally null and void. Of course no objection was raised, as no defence of any sort was put in and so the rule was granted. Later in the same day, Herbert's first wife, Mrs Netherston, also secured a divorce - the circumstances of the case required it, and the divorce was granted. The extraordinary background to these cases made them appear more like romance than reality in this matter of fact age, and it afforded no small topic amongst young and old. For a time, the numerous penny-a-liners with which England abounds had something that really was worth serving up to their readers. But like everything else, in the course of time it died away, and Wentworth Hall again assumed its wonted appearance. When she took possession of the Hall Eleanor never intended that it should be run like a nunnery, where laughter is a crime and harmless amusement an unpardonable sin. In her own childhood she had been amongst balls, soirees, and gay but innocent parties and therefore her life during the time that Herbert Sutherland reigned over Wentworth Hall was really unbearable. She had determined that if she ever secured her rights she would enjoy a repetition of her old pleasures. Thus, the sound of the merry dance often echoed through the corridors of Wentworth Hall, much to her joy and the joy of the guests who assembled to share in the festivities. But although she did thus enjoy herself, she was not always happy. Very often old scenes came to her mind, and the conversation in the saloon, her father's earnest protestation against his daughter's wilful marriage, and all the circumstances that followed her elopement which well nigh ended in her ruin, would sometimes present themselves with such force that all attempts to drown them failed. Yet at other times they were well nigh forgotten, and she could whirl about in the mazes of the giddy dance, as happy as the happiest of them, and thus her life was an alternate round of joy and sorrow. Eleanor's birthday was rapidly approaching, and she had determined that it should be celebrated with unusual festivity, and preparations began weeks before the auspicious day. She sent invitations to all the lords and baronets and their ladies for miles around and her friends in a humbler position in life were not forgotten. For some time then, nothing could be talked of but the grand birthday party at Wentworth Hall which was to be observed with unusual eclat. The day at last arrived, and as good luck would have it, it was a beautilul one. The sun shone out brilliantly, yet it was not uncomfortably warm. It was a day to tempt anyone, and thus there was no difficulty in assembling a large party at the hall, with all the wealth and fashion for miles around making an appearance. Never before had such a gay party congregated within the precincts of Wentworth Hall. We will not detail all that took place, a description being more suitable for the columns of a newspaper than to fill up a story as the one we are employed in. Suffice to say that nothing was omitted that could help to fill the cup of pleasure. In the evening, the rooms were one vast blaze of light. In every room that was requisite to carry out the interests of the guests, gas lights threw bright light upon everything. To such an extent was the gas used that from a distance anyone looking through the trees would have thought that Wentworth Hall was on fire. Indeed, rumours were spread that such was the case. Eleanor entered into the pleasures with a zeal which did her credit. She danced first with one and then with another until she was really tired. As soon as a cessation took place, she was only too glad to leave the heat of the crowded rooms for the cool refreshing breezes out of doors. Hastily throwing her shawl around her, she quietly made her exit and walked up and down the wide serpentine paths of the large garden that surrounded the Hall. Thinking of how often in years now past she had walked around the garden with her father, she moved towards his tombstone which now formed a prominent position in the cemetery. Suddenly she thought she heard a noise. She turned round - the full blaze of the gas shone upon her with a dazzling effulgence. As soon as she recovered from the momentary blaze she looked before her and saw her father, apparently alive and in the flesh, but with a peculiar weird look hovering around him. She could not scream, but after one look at the spectre before her, she sank on the path in a dead swoon. When she recovered herself Dr Seeton was bending over her. He immediately assisted her to rise, enquiring in the kindest possible tones what had befallen her. As soon as she could recollect herself, she said - " I suppose I must have fainted after I saw him." " Saw who ?" asked the doctor. " Why, my father," she said. " Not alive of course, for he has been dead many years ; but as I was walking up and down this path I thought I heard a noise, and as soon as I turned I saw the form of my father, so life-like, though appearing a trifle older than when I last saw him, so that if he had been alive I should have thought it was him." " How strange !'' exclaimed the physician, " that in this age of reality, a person should see a ghost. But then, of course it was all fancy." " True, doctor. I had been thinking about him, and his image was impressed upon me, and my imagination conjured up his form. I suppose. That is how it occurred." " I think so, Miss Wentworth, for it is now many years since I in company with others followed your late father to his grave in yonder cemetery, so that unless we are disposed to believe that the dead sometimes come back to see the living, we must call it mere imagination." " Do you think the dead ever do come back ?" E'eanor asked. " It is not for me to say. I leave such questions to the careful consideration of those who have time to solve them. I dare not say it is impossible, but it is at least improbable." " I must hurry back to my guests, or they will be dispatching a messenger in search of me. Pray do not mention this to anyone." " Certainly not. It really is not worth talking about." Eleanor did not return to the Hall before she was missed, and as soon as she entered the ballroom she was greeted with - " My dear Miss Wentworth, we thought you were lost. Wherever have you been ?" She did not reply truthfully, but merely gave an evasive answer. The rest of the evening dragged languidly on. Eleanor did not feel in a particularly happy mood, and although she exerted herself to strive to please she did not altogether succeed, and was very glad when the last guest had departed and the sound of the last carriage had died away in the distance. On the following day Eleanor visited the place where she had thought she had seen her father. What prompted her to do so she did not know. She had concluded that it was mere imagination caused by thinking so much of her dead father that had caused his image to appear before her - but notwithstanding this, she went to the place again. When she arrived there and began to look about, she was somewhat surprised to see marks of a severe scuffle some few feet from the place where she had fainted when the apparition appeared. The marks looked like the feet of two men. She could not but gaze with extreme wonderment at it, and she exerted all her powers to account for the appearance of the impressions on the path and adjoining flower bed. All her exertion was in vain however, for she could not satisfactorily account for the unusual tracks. All sorts of improbable fancies haunted her, and fearing that the marks might lead to enquiries, she sent for Mr Bowen, the gardener, and ordered him to remove all traces of it. But although Eleanor could not account for the appearance of those strange footprints as they were originated in a manner of which she could not conceive. It would interfere with the harmony of our story were we to detail it now, and therefore our readers must patiently await for the further development of the tale, when all things will be explained. To Be Continued. 