NEWS OF THE WEEK On Tuesday evening last the children of the Magill School enjoyed a treat in the ex hibition of a large collection; of dissolving, views by Mr. Headdy, of the JPort-road, whose kind ness was thoroughly, appreciated by the chil dren, and which the Chairman of. the Destitute Board now begs to acknowledge. We have to acknowledge the receipt of a series of letters oa ?* Flax Cultivation,' written by Mr. Septimus V. Pizey, Hon. Secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures. They have been reprinted from the columns of our contemporary by authority of the Chamber, and at the present time they have a practical importance in the colony. ,. We regret exceedingly to learn that the Bev. D. J.-Hv Ibbetson, incumbent of St. John's Church, Adelaide, -and St. .Bar tholomew's, Norwood, is in a very critical state of ' health. His illness of late has been such as to cause great anxiety to his family and friends ; and we- learn that his medical attendants look upon, his case as being very serious. On Friday evening, July 14, a collision occurred between a four-wheel trap and two horses, driven by Kobert Jackson, in the em ploy of Mr. O. Gofs, and Mr. Alex. Fraser's horse and buggy. One of. the shafts of the buggy was broken, but the other trap was only slightly scratched. The collision happened opposite the': English and Scottish Bank, in KiDg William-street. On Friday evening, July 14, a meeting of the delegates of the Ancient Order of Odd fellows was! held at the Norfolk Arms Inn, Rundle-street. ? It. was decided that on the 28th of December next (the anniversary day of the foundation of the colony) a picnic should be held at the Exhibition Building', to be followed by a balL Sub-Committees were appointed .to make the necessary arrangements for the above, and the meeting separated. On Thursday, as two or three lads were out shooting, one'ofTthem'fired^at a duck, which, though wounded, was flying away. Another boy then raised his gun and shot at the bird, . whieh he states was L from 20 to 30 feet above the ground ; but unfortunately, as he did so, two' of the shots struck young Causby, one of them grazing his f *ce. Luckily the injury is not serious,: but the escape was sufficiently, narrow.— Gawler Times. 'Captain Sweet, 'of the Gulnare, has brought with him from the Northern Territory some excellent photographic views of Palmer s'ton and the surrounding country. They are excellent works of art, finished in the style which Captain Sweet made, so popular a few years ago, and they give a capital idea of the young town ship, on the progress of which so many hopes are centred. : ' An advertisement published in our business columns shows -where ijtese interesting works of art can be. obtained.: iL : .; .... ' ^On ' 'Friday -morning ' a than named Charges Newman/*' of ? Water ' Gully, market gaspdener,' was committed togaol forone month feprstealing plants, from;-^het Bo tanic-^Gardeau V^6 jave^xlad* ..to, hear Jjhat;-JDr. . Schomburgk has stance^kayWas a' a^srrent to -persoar-wlth fiSSS,?* o ? .-.'..;?:'? HeptomamflB'-propensities like this man New man. , . On -a -former occasion JSewman. was fined! Ss. on a charge of theftin the' Botanic Garden, but be seems not to have profited by his first conviction. . .He Simonsens announce a farewell performance on Monday evening next, and. it is positively a valedictory entertainment, as they will leave for Melbourne on Wednesday next ?en route for,- Europe. There is sure to be a bumper .house, for these entertainments are of a very high class, -and 'the circumstance that Monday's concert will be a farewell one' will induce many persons who have Hot yet heard . the Simossens to embrace this opportunity ef doing so.' Those persons, :to6, '-whohave heard them before will be glad to go again. : ... ..;.. i On Friday afternoon, July 14, Mr. T. Ward,. J.P., held an inquest at the Dry Creek Labor Prison, on ' jthe ' body ' of 'an aboriginal prisoner -named Bookmark Jack, who died the previous day. Mr. l-W-. Baynea was, chosen Foreman, of r a. Jury of 13, an! the evidence iiaving been heardra verdict was returned that death resulted from idisease -of the lungs, and: not otherwise— the Jury, adding a rider to the! effect that deceased had met with, proper care 'and attention. 3ookmark Jack 'was incar cerated some two years and four .months asp for the murder of an aboriginal female. A. meeting for the reorganization of the Band of Hope in connection with the Franklin street Methodist New Connexion Church Sabbath-school was held in the Lecture-room adjoining, the Church .on Friday evening, July 14\. A' Tecifetion was given by Mr. Fred. Curtin, a reading by the Rev. H. Fenton, and an address by Mr. J. A- Bagshaw. The follow ing gentlemen were elected 'officers, &c.; :— Pre- sident; ;the Bev. .H.- Fenton;; Secretary, Mr. ; P._ Weller; Treasurer, Mr. Tapscott; Com mittee — Messrs. Bagshaw, Foweake, Maughan, -and -JZead. The meeting closed with singing and. prayer. The Gawler Times has a lengthy notice of the late Mr. J. Wilkinson, one of the pioneers of the colony, who died on Saturday last, aged 60 years. Mr. Wilkinson arrived in May, 1838 by the ship Trusty, and for several years worked at the trade of a carpenter. "He after wards," (says the Times) " held the position of foreman in the establishment of Mr. Ridley, the inventor of the reaping-machine, and we believe his intelligence and skill were of ma- terial assistance to Mr. Ridley in perfecting the plans of this pre-eminently useful piece of agri- cultural machinery. Mr. Wilkinson suggested various improvements as the work pro- gressed, but he always modestly yielded the chief credit of the invention to Mr. Ridley." In 1848 he commenced farming, but after struggling on for a long time, was ruined by bad seasons, and afterwards opened a school at Willaston. He was an active man in politics, and twenty years ago worked hard in the agita- tion for abolishing State aid to religion. His funeral on Monday was very largely attended, many of the mourners having come from dis- tances of over thirty miles to show their respect for the memory of the departed. The Southern Argus correspondent at Wentworth' announces the following seizure on the River Darling :—' The J. BL P., steamer, Captain Wallace, that passed up. some two weeks ago has got into trouble at Wilcaania. She had on board some beer belonging to Mr. Dutton, of Goolwaj he being passenger on board, and which has been industriously hawked all the way up, but at Wilcahnia the police seized 'the boat and ale, fined the captain £10 and costs for hawking without a license, £30 and posts for carrying beer for sale, and confis cated all the ale. ' An information . was then laid against Mr. Dutton for selling eighteen gallons at - ftlerindie, fined £30 and costs. Another information for selling kegs at other places was withdrawn. The owners of the boat were fortunate in not having their o eat con fiscated. It is evident that the police up there are determined to put a stop to the enormous amount of illegal traffic that has been carried on by the steamboats on the river to thp detri ment of the resident traders. The game thing is of daily occurrence here. I wosder when those whose duty it 'is will begin- to look after the! matter. They certainly want waking up a little.' ' Although Adelaide has for years past experienced ah enviable immunity from disas trous fires, it must be. gratifying to~ the citizens to be made aware -of the- existence of a well organised and efficient Fire Brigade in Adelaide. The old Brigade was composed of men who had shown themselves to be active, courageous, and cool in times of danger'; but in June last saveral members who- had been in the Brigade for many years resigned,. and a. new force was organised. In July last ten young and active men were enrolled, and the Superintendent of Fire Brigades has been sedulously drilling them into their duties. They have shown great aptitude for the work, and have now attained a very-high state of efficiency. At the first two or three drills the proces3 of opening_ the fire plugs, putting down thehydrant, screwing on the branch-pipe and nozzle to the hose-pipe, running off a number of lengths of hose-pipe from the reel, attaching the pipe to the hydrant and turning on the water, occupied frem 15 to 20 minutes. As, however, the men became acquainted with their work they performed these opera- - tions in much less time. ; They were called out by the Superintendent for practice on Friday morning at half-past 6 o'clock, and they then repeated the above task three times, and each time performed' the duty in less than one minute rand a half. After this another trial of their activity was made, viz., to go to. another fireplug, repeat the same task, and then reel up and .make; all snug for a start home, which only occupied them two minutes and a half. All oc the firemen attached to the. four reels stationed in South Adelaide are new hands, who were en gaged on 1st July. The Noith Adelaide reel is still in charge of George Harris and Richard G Clark, who have been members of the Fire Brigade for nine years. .A little practice in the face of real danger will tend to make the Fire . Brigade as efficient as can be desired. : A ghost story has been exciting some attention at Strathalbyn, and in 'the SivtTiern Argus of this week there appears the following statement, made by Mr. W. T. Tregalgas, of Strathalbyn- ''- The facts are these: — ''Whilst t iking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for I was induced to walk through the burying-ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered. with- a slab of slate, I noticed onj the slate something strange. . It was scarcely light -enough to see distinctly at first, but after, waiting, some few minutes I could, see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view ot a female. I could .distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight I rubbed my'h'and on the farm, and found that portion of the slate ' was -perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very, wet with, the dew. which had fallen, and still not 'being satisfied I walked away and came back in about fifteen or twenty minutes after, and still the form was there ; so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw -the form once after the first morning; but not being a believer in supernatural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the coursa of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and uxw the form; although not so plain as it was when I .saw it. The form was to be seen, and it hi3 been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which- produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will be - able to satisfy the minds of those1 who have' seen it. for -although many things have been ad vanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem satisfactory to -my mind and those who have been eye- witnesses of -the sight,' - i The first private telegram from the Beltana Station _ was received on Thursday by Mr. Montagu Phillipson. It came from a mem ber of his family, and convey*d satisfactory pri. vate intelligence sad, a good account of the utate of 1;he country, and the general condition of Bociety in that quarter. .'; ' On Wednesday evening, July 12, the anniversary dinner of the Derby Lodge was 'k- held at the Freemasons' Tavern. The old Lodge room was decorated with flags and evergreens, and over. 40 persons, including several ladies, sat down to an excellent spread prepared by the hostess. After toasts, speeches, and songs, dancing closed a pleasant evening's proceed ngs. The second Assembly Ball of this * season was held on Tuesday evening in White's Rooms, and passed off most succesBf ally, His Excellency the Governor, His Excellency Mr. Da Cane arid the Hod. Mrs. Du Cane, and Miss Fergusson bein; present. The music was sup plied by Chapman's band, and the refreshments by KLt. Lindrum, of the Clarence Hotel, in the same satisfactory manner as before. A. feat of strength and endurance was performed on Thursday morning ' by a respect able .laboring man named AndyXawsoh. ; He en gaged to carry a bag of flour, weighing 200 lbs,, on his back without resting ^or assistance of any kind to Ms home at Alberton starting' from the Port, the distance being a mile,' and a' portion of the way Tjeing, through heavy sand and ?crossed by a couple of fences. He succeeded in completing the task within 27 minutes; and received the sack of flour from Mr. Wilcock as 'a reward for his exertions. ' : On Tuesday afternoon Mr. S. Barnard -opened a horse bazaar in Currie-street on the .premises formerly occupied by Mr. O. Tide- mann. This market is covered in, commodious, and well arranged for the reception and display of horses and vehicles ; Mr. Goslin manages the horse department, and every effort is made for- the . convenience of 'both buyer and seller. Before the opening sale, champagne having been produced, Mr. J. Broadstock proposed the health of Mr. S. Barnard, and .hoped that gen tleman's enterprise would be thoroughly suc cessful. Mr. Barnard having responded in an appropriate speech, - business was commenced and proceeded with. . - . -. , ; , The Secretary, of the Cricketers' Asso ciation informs us that at a Committee meeting held on 11th instant it was resolved that' no , steps be taken to cultivate the ground (which v it is hoped will be granted to the Association) until a lease of it has been obtained from tna .-Corporation.' We understand thU- determina tion was arrived at as it .was felt. that if the 'cultivation ~of the ground were commenced im ?gnediately, it would not be in condition to play upon in October, and, in addition to this, it would be unwise to lay out any. money in anti cipation of the passing of the Act of Parlia ment. The cricketers of the colony must now 'adopt means to interest the members of the Legislature in this matter, so as to ensure the pissing of the Act ? ? ' r : The annual meeting of the North Adelaide Grammar School Old Scholars' Asso ciation was held at the schoolroom. North Adelaide, on Thursday evening, July 13. There were about 20 members present, and the Presi dent (Mr. W. L. Wyly) occupied the chair. The report and balance-sheet, which were adopted, showed that the Association was not in a satisfactory condition, there being a small balance due to the Treasurer. The following members were elected for the ensuing year : President, Mr. C. S. Sanders ; Vice-President, Mr. T. F. Wicksteed; Treasurer, Mr. A. B. Harrison ; Secretary, Mr. W. Higgins ; Com mittee, Messrs. P. Pridmore, E. Kay, S. Sparks, and T. Gepp. The advisability of holding a soiree shortly was approved, and a Committee appointed to make the necessary arrangements. The customary votes of thanks having been accorded, the meeting adjourned. The marriage of Lieutenant J. A. Fergusson, brother of Sir James Fergusson, and Private Secretary to His Excellency, to Miss Sarah Gilbert, second daughter of Joseph Gilbert, Esq., of Pewsey Vale, was celebrated on Thursday, 13th July. Early on that mom ing the bridegroom left town by special train for Gawler, accompanied by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, His Excellency Governor / Du Cane, Mrs. Du Cane, Miss Fergusson, the Hon. W. Stewart (Master of Blantyre), Mr. M. W. Morris, and Mr. Chichester (Aides-de-Camp), the Bishop of Adelaide, and a select party of ladies and gentlemen. On arrival at Gawler, the party proceeded to Pewsey Vale ; and at St. Thomas's 'Church the nuptials were duly cele brated by the Bishop. The special train re turned to Adelaide about 6 o'clock. The bride and bridegroom came to town by it, and pro ceeded to Government Farm. Sir James, Governor and Mrs. Du Cane, Miss Fergufson, and other members of the party also returned by the train. The Albert Bells were rung for several hours in honor of the happy event. An adjourned meeting of licensed vic tuallers and others interested in the trade was held at the Freemasons' Tavern, Pirie-street, on Thursday afternoon, July 13. There were about 30 gentlemen present, and Mr. D. litli gbw presided. In opening the proceedings, the Chairman stated that the object of the meeting was to see if the publicans could make some arrangements with the brewers in supplying beer, so that the publicans might sell at one. uniform price. He thought that during late years there had been scarcely a fair dealing between the brewers and publicans to do justice to the public, for 22 years ago hop» were 4s. ., and malt 12s., and now the one was Is. 2d. and » the other 8s. 6d. ; and yet they were charged by the brewers jostthe same as they weretheh. Mr. ? C. Clinch, who, with Mr. Campion, was ap pointed at the last meeting to wait upon the brewers, reported that 90 publicans had mu tually agreed that from 1st August they would not retail any beer under 3d. per pot out of doors, conditional upon all the trade in the immediate neighborhood agreeing; they had also obtained the promise of six of the brewers, and their recommendation that all should assist in carrying out the desired object. The whole of the publicans had readilv acaui esced m the movement except Mr. Tuxford, of the Sportsman's Hotel, who resolutely, declined to raise the price of beer sold in his establish- L ment, standing upon his independence, and selling at the price the brewers supplied the beer to him, viz., 43. This, he pointed out, would greatly interfere with the business of publicans in Mr, Tuxford's neighborhood, and he thought it was only right that the brewers — Messrs. Haussen and Catchlove ? who supplied him. should support the publicans generally by refusing to supply Mr. Tuxford. Mri W. F. Campion considered the price of beer was too low to allow the publicans a fair living, and he contended that it was only reasonable that they should receive -some profit on their business. He proposed that the price of beer, from. August 1, be 8d.:per pot out of doors. Mr. Clinch seconded the motion; and asked . the brewers present — provided Messrs. - Haussen & Catchlove did not supply Mr. ^Tux ford— whether they would not do so.. . Mr. - Chapman (Simms & Chapman) said he thought - o it waa unwise to attempt to coerce Mr. Tuxford ; and if the tosra brewers refused to suddLv .him. he believed he could go to country brewers. : I In reply to Mr. Clinch, Messrs. Chapman, Syme, and Blades, stated that they would not supply Mr.. Tuxford provided the others did not do so. ' Mr. Trapman (of Haussen & Catchlove's) ~ thought 'the question was not a fair one to ask the brewers, and he could not state definitely what the action of his firm might be. The resolution was carried unanimously. The. Chairman suggested as they had agreed upon the price outside, that the ' price at the bar ' i should be 2id., and 3d. in the parlor. One or j two gentlemen thought the suggestion would be 1 unworkable in the back streets, and nothing 1 definite was decided upon. -,' A deputation waa ' appointed to wait upon Mr. Tuxford, to ask . him to waive his determination and - agree ' to the resolution -passed, and it was also V suggested that the deputation fchould requRBt - \ the brewers, not to supply householders , with ., 5-gaUon kegs of beer at the same price as -the ' i publicans. The Chairman said no doubt the J suggestion would be acted upon. The ad- - I yisabUity of forming a Licensed Victuallers' % Association was brought forward and generally '~~H approved of, but its further consideration was : '' I tbstponed. A vote of thanks having been ac- ? j corded to tbe Chairman, the meeting adjourned, ' His Excellency the Governor held. a .] Council on Wednesday morning, at which all I the Ministers /were present except the Hon. the Treasurer. '. . ? We are informed that the Dramatic '? Benevolent Seciety have handed over to the Adelaide Hospital £24 lls. -54., being the net proceeds of the entertainment given by them at the Theatre fioyal on the 20th of June. We understand that Mr. C.-'H'. T. Connor has received a numerously-signed requi sition from the southern end of the District; of Light, asking him to become & candidate for the representation -of that district in the House of Assembly. Telegraphic communication is now open to Beltana, ISO miles from Port Augusta. Mr. Johnston, who has been appointed to the Peak Station, has arrived at Beltana on his way, and is on speaking terms with the Adelaide office. Captain Sweet, of the txulnare, has brought from the Northern Territory some specimens of sugar cane grown in Peel's Gully, Port .Darwin. The canes are exceedingly fine, some' of them measuring more than fifteen feet in length. On Saturday, July 8, the employe's of Mr. Dome's, the South Australian Boot Fac tory, presented their foreman, Mr. T. Cunning ham, with a farewell address, accompanied by a present of a gold Albert chain and locket, on the occasion of his leaving that establishment, as a mark of their esteem and respect, to which Mr. Cunningham replied in a few appropriate words. The Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Carr returned to Adelaide on Saturday evening from their long Northern tour. Mr. Carr has occupied himself in diligently making himself acquainted with the country through which he has passed, and inspecting the public works, and will -ao doubt be able to utilise the information he has gathered. Some sanitary arrangements, in pro moting which, we bilieve, Dr. Herbert took a prominent part, are now in operation on the Moonta Mines, and are found to work admi rably and to be productive of much good. A small sum is subscribed weekly by each man on the mines, and the amount is then supple mented by the Company, when it is disbursed for scavengering in the mining township. Where so much surface- water is used for drink ing and for culinary purposes, and where the ground is thickly studded with ~ residents, the advantage that must accrue to the population f rom impuritiea, both of an animal and vege table nature, that are too frequently allowed to accumulate around dwelling-houses and in streets, being removed, must be considerable. — Wallaroo Times. The Port Adelaide Amateur Gymnasts gave their first demonstration in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, July 11\. The Hall was crowded alow and aloft. The company consisted of Messrs. J. Hire, B. Franklin, R. Miller, H. Forbes, H. Jury, T. Turner, G. Middleton, and W. Hanson. These have for tire past five months been under the tuition of Mr. J. Hire. The programme con sisted of feats on the horizontal bar, balanc ing act, tigbt-rope walking, slack rope, double serial acts, and many other de monstrations a la Gregory. We may state that the whole of the performances were car ried out admirably, and elicited the marked approval of the audience, who were evidently surprised to fiad the amateurs have attained such proficiency. Financially the affair was also successful, and will give the company a good start for the purchase of property. Their future deisoBf.trations p.re to be given in aid of charitable ctijr-cts. Mr. John Formby {the Mayor) presided. By Wednesday's mail no advices ariived from the Central Telegraph construction parties ; but Mr. Todd received letters respect ing Mr. Bagot's portion of the line. Mr. Bab bage writes on the 39th June. He had been over the whole route to the junction with sec tioa A of the Government part of the work at lat. 26° 40', and had laid out 514 miles. Mr. Babbage says the health of the men was excel lent, and things generally were going on well, 'though the work was not proceeding so fast as couid be wiined, aad it was found the flour de teriorated, even in the tins. Mr. Boucaut ?writes from Mount Margaret July 3rd. The working p iriy v.-ere getting shead of the teams. Owing to the poles, that had to be carted a loDg ?way, not arriving, the progress was slow, and during the last month only 25 miles had been poled. There are, however, we understand 1,000 iron poles on the road, so that we may expect the next month will show a greater amount of work. About 150 mi'es yet remain to be poled before Mr. Basot's sec tion is completed. The season is cool, and the rain holding off. A regular set of meteorolo gical observations had been taken at the Peake. There were slight rates there - n the 16th and 18th June. The mornings were vtry cool, the thermometer commonly standing ai 37° at sun rise and 81° at midday. The highest tempera ture recorded during June was 85°, and the lowest 33°. A preliminary meeting of persons in terested in the formation of a Committee to make arrangements forthe Sturt, Brighton, arjd Glenelg ploughing match was held at the Marion Inn on the 10th of July. After the elf otion of District Councillors, the Hon. John. Cr zie: pre siding, Mr. Henry Hamilton, the late Secretary, 'who has for some years zealously rendered his services, said lie had convened the meeting at -the request of several persons who had pre viously promoted the object, and had much pleasure in announcing an amount in band f rein last audit of £5 19s. 6d.. which, with a few promises since obtained, made a total of £9 He presumed the Chairman would con tribute his customary subscription, and several gentlemen might similarly be relied upon. The Chairman expressed his willing ness ; and Mr. Eobert Smith regretted such a poor attendance of the class reasonably expected to interest themselves — it seemed aitoge her like throwing cold water on the affair. Mr. Chalk said it would give him much pleasure to see their ploughing matches conlinuedieau'aTly, and he wocld pny hia share towards the ex pense ; he thought he was about the first person who initiated them in the district, for he moved in (he matter thirteen years ago in fl -r-junction with Mr. Alfred Wilson. He made a formal proposition that one be held this year, which Mr. Brazill seconded. Mr. Kobert Smith concurred with the proposal, and would' give the neighbors ano'her chance of coming forward in a week's time, and if they did not avail themselves of it be would let the matter drop. The Hon. John Crozier thought he remembered a ploughing mat«h before car ried out under much more gloomy circum stances, and therefore he was inclined to sup pose now it would be a success. It was re-. solved that the meeting adjourn until that day ?week, the Secretary being instructed to adver tise notices in the daily papers A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the business. On Wednesday, July 5, the annual ?Sinner- and ball in connection with the Hope Valley Oddfellows' Lodge was celebrated at Soethe's hotel, and in spite of bad weather Ijetween 60 and 70 persons sat down to dinner, which was served up in Host Boetbe's best style, and so far as good speeches, har smoniousnere.andmusic were concerned, theaffsir was a perfect success. The chair was occupied fey D.P.G-.M. Hales, and the vice-chair by P.P. fiains. .after the cloth had been removed, the Chairman, gave the usual lojal toasts, which, were drunk with musical honors. A eong being called for, Mr. F. Lane sung 'Beautiful Nell.' P.G-.E. Kales ?hen proposed 'Success to the- Hope Vattey Lodge' in a neat speech. P.P. T. F. Ind responded at some lergth, explaining the state of th« Lodge affaire, which- ha said were in a very flourish ng condition. Song, Mr.' F. Lane. P.P. By proposed 'The District Officers.' . Re: sponded to by the Chairman. Song, Mr. Beck— 'Horrible Tale.' President Kerr pro posed 'The Surgeon of the Lodge,' in compli mentary terms, Besponded to by Dr. Bosch. Song, P.P. W. H. Ind.- Brother Eland pro posed- 'The -Widow and -Orphan Fund.' Besponded to by P.G;M. -Bales; ; Song. Mr. TomlinsoiiTT-Vl'll. Bang:myoHarp ona Willow Tree.' P.P. Newman proposed 'The liand we IAve in.' P.P. Hains responded in a humorous speech. Song, Mr. ;Beck-^' Finigan's.-Wake.' President . Kerx proposed ;' Kindred Societies.''. -Brother Beck responded. The . Chairman . pro posed 'The Stewards.'. P,P._HainB responded^ Song, J. O'Biley— 'JEatey Dean.? P.P. J.itt : Ind proposed. 'The Xadies,' in an -amusing speech. Brother E. Lace responded. Becita sion, Brother Baston. Brother Evelyn .proposed 'The Host and HostesB' in very complimentary terms, Host Boe the responding for himself and his better -half. . Song, Mr.- Moulton — 'Imo- gen.' The Chairman proposed 'The . Press,' wh'ch was acknowledged by Mr. W» S. .Harvey on behalf of the Advertiser vn& Chronicle, and by P.G.M. Bales for the Register. . P.P. Hains proposed ''The Chairman,' and P.G-.M. Bales proposed /'The ViceChair? man,' each toast, being -duly responded to. Band, *' God Save the . Queen.' The tables having been cleared away, dancing commenced to the strains of the Salisbury Band, and was kept up till .daylight. There were about thirty couples, and they appeared to thoroughly enjoy, themselves. In fact, taking all things : into consideration, this was one of the most suc cessful affairs that has taken place in. Hope Valley for some time. ? -?-??- On : Sunday evening, July 9, the Rev. . T. Piper- delivered a sermon in the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street,- having special reference to the .death of the JRev. S. Keen, which oc curred recently. The first sit .verses of the 90 th Psalm formed the subject of the discourse, which was listened to by a very large, congrega-. tion. Mr. Piper having referred to the circum stances which probably led to ilie penning of the , Psalm, spoke of the uncertainty-, of life, pointing out that it was entirely at the dis posal of God, and the wisdom therefore of making Him a refuge, as by so doing a con sciousness of perfect security even in the midst x-i death would be gained. Having dilated on these points, be spoke of . the decease of the late Mr. Keen, saying the suddenness of his attack showed how uncer tain life was, and the unavailing effortsof me dical skill revealed that bis life was beyond man's keeping. But still his refuge was. in God, and although the nature of his disease pre7 vented him saying much during .Ms short ilir ness, still -it should be remembered that it is not that which was said in death that gave security, but what was lived during life. With regard to the early existence of the deceased, he (Mr. Piper) knew but little ; but he knew that while a youth he became the subject of con verting grace, and, after a time, began to ex hort and publicly entxeat sinners to be re conciled to God. Subsequently- he en tered into their Connexional Institute, and. after spending some time there, he was received as a minister of the denomination; FTis first four years were spent, in England. Then he came to this colony, in which he had labored for 19 years. His efforts were character ped by z al and success. Many_of the positions they occupied, and many of their places of worship, and also of their Churches, were due to the zeal of the late Mr. Keen. His desire for Church extension amounted almost, to a passion. He spent his life in the service of Christ, and found pence and security in. God when the end came. They had lost a friend — a loving, forgiving friend. The Church had lost an earnest worker, and they could ill afford to lose earnest workers ; but. in the words of the text, they took comfort in God, who was their refuge. In conclusion he said ail friend ship blended in God ; so that their friend was not lost, but only gone before ; and as the Church was God's, He would doubtless provide means for ihe cairying oa the work, although He removed His worker. At the conclusion of the service Pope's Ode, ' Vital Spark,' was swg by the choir, and the service, which was of a very solemn and impressive nature, terminated. The pulpit and platform were draped in black, and whilst the congregation were leaving the 'Dead March ia Saul' was played upon the harmonium. On Monday afternoon, July 10, Mr. W. Harcu3, J. P. , held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital, to enquire into the circumstances of the death of Boston Johnston, which occurred on the previous Saturday. Mr. Samuel Smith was chosen Foreman of a Jury of 13 ; and the body having been viewed, the following evidence was taken: — S. Orby Carej, medical practi tioner, said — On the morning of the 23rd of May he was called to see deceased at his house at Brighton. He was in bed, and witness found he was suffering from a compound comminuted fracture of the lower third of the left leg. Oneof the bones protruded about three inches. Reduced the fracture, bound it up, and sent him to the Hospital. Henry Johnston, brother of the de ceased, said— At daylight on the morning of the 23rd of May he was called to see his brother. He went over and found him in bed, and was told by deceased that the cart had tipped uj- backwards, no horse being be tween the shafts, and ' had fallen upon his leg. Went for Dr. Catey. When he saw bia brother, be was perfectly sober, and said the affair was purely an accident. A pstson living at the K- rseEhoe, whose name witness did not know, was with. him. at the time. Frederick T.ockwood Logan, House Surgeon, Adelaide Hospital, said deceased was admitted to the Hospital on the 23rd of May. He was suffering from a compound comminuted fracture of the le^. Kemoved the loose pieces of bone, aud put it up in the usual way. On May 31st Dr. Wylde, after consultation with the other honorary surgeons, removed a piece of the fractured end of the hone. After a few days abscesses formed in the leg, and these con tiuued to discharge until Johnston became gradually weaker. On Saturday last, the Sth insi., Dr. Wylde called a consultation of the honorary surgeons', and it was determined, as the only cbance of Johnston getting better, to remove the leg. It was taken off in the afternoon, but (be man never rallied after the operation, and died about 9 or 1© o'clock in the evening. The immediate cause of death was the shock to the nervous system caused by the operation. Johnston was not a man of a strong constitution. By Jurors— As far as witness knew, from the time of deceased's admission to tbe Hospital till he died everything that c»uld be done was done for his benefit.. Chloroform was used at the time the operation was .performed. Henry. Johriston, recalled, said — Deceased was a, mar-, ried man. His wife was in the house at the lime. She did not see the accident, as she was in beJ. Deceased afer the accident crawled into tbe house on his hands and knees. The distance was about 10 or 15 yards. Dr. Losan, recalled, said; in answer to a question by a Jur^r, that deceased was conscious . after the amj.uta.tiou of the limb, aud, he believed, up to tbe lime of his death. Agreed with the honorary surgeons at the first consultation jfchat . the limb should be saved if possible. The. Coroner, in summing up, intimated tkat he had a telegram from .the police at the Bay Baying that a person living at Noarlunga was present at the time of the accident, but his name rwas unknown. Of course if : the Jury required further evidence the inquest .might be .ad journed, but he hardly thought this would be requisite, because they had the statement of .the deceased to bis brother as to how the accident — which he raid was purely an accident — hap- pened. Tbe Jury, after 10 mifiutes' coDsolta tion, returned a verdict of accidental death, adding the following rider : — ' The Jury wish to add a censure to the trooper that had charge of the case for the inefficient manner' in which he. has collected the .evidence.' The Coroner again pointed out that if they were not satis fied with the evidence the enquiry might be ad journed to procure the testimony of this man, and he could not see that blame was attachable to tbe police. The Jury expressed themselves satisfied tbat the death w.ie accidental, but in sisted on the rider, and the Coroner therefore took; ...... . . . . Oiir local correspondent informs us that , the Cape, Jei^^L^gJi^qnseis^nearcpmpleiion. We regret ^lieaife1 that Mr. W. A. Sanderson, who met with a most severe com pound fracture of the right leg on Sunda; evetmglastat WooSv^e, hassmcesu(!OTmbBd, | after having his leg amputated on Wednesday, j The Seceded 'was attended by Dral WhittelJ/] Elpbick, aiid Getbing up to the'; time, of his I -death, -which occurred on .Wednesday evening.' He lad been in failing health for some time'pre viously to the 'accident, and'- to this circnhK' stance inaybe. attributed his rapid sinking: '-. Mr. Dooner is now making 'a 'tour ^-trough the northern flisfiicts with Ms pan teenatheca andis being well patronised. ' Oh Monday he exhibited his 'views at the M^gill Institute to a large attendance. The Orphanage fife and drum band were present, and played, during the evening. He also gave a satisfactory entertainment at the Council Chamber, Gepp's Cross. : '''?' ; .'?'',. ' ' ''.-'? The firat prize meeting -of the .Aldinga and WilluEga Amateur Athletic Club was held: on Monday, July 3, but awing to the lateness of starting all the programme could not be finished on that day, and sotre -of tbe sports' were held over for Saturday, 8th. - The follow ing are the entiles. and prize-takers:— At 100 Yards Fiat Race. Prize, gold pencilcase, value £1 \0s. - Entries — John McBae, B. Lovelock, R. Dyer, ' Win. Giles, A.i I/. Giles, and- H. McCallum. Won by A. -L. 'Giles. 2. Throw ing 4 he Hammer i(16 lbs. ) Prize, set eold studs, value £1 10s. Entries— IC-McKae, J. McBae, B. CarrickiMi Mack, and C. Forrest.' Won bv B.- Carrick, 61 feet 5J inches ; M. Mack second. : 3\. ISO Yards Hurdle Bace. Prize, gold ring, value £2- 5s. Entries— A. McCallum, R. Dyer, and' A. L. Giles. Won by A. I/. Giles; McCallum second. A.- Putting the Shot ^16 lbs.) Prize, gold locket, value £1 15s. 'Entries— B. Carrick, M. Mack, A. Xj. Giles. Won by M. Mack. 5. ^220 yards Flat Race, Prize, gold pencilcase, value S2 10s: -Entries — D. McDonald, John McRae, O. Norton. H.. Mc Callum. B» Lovelock, ; A. L. Giles. Won by A. L.- Giles. 6. Standing Long Jump. Prize, gold sleeve studs, value £1. Entries — A. L. Giles,-J. Cameron. Won by A. 'L. Gi'eS, 10 feet 1 inch. 7. Boys (under 16) Bac-^-10D yards Flat Race First prize, studs, value £1 ; second, locket, V2e. 6d. ; third, locket, 9s. 6d. Entries— T. Hale, — Wbitefield, L. Fiupre, J. Vanstone, C. Fuller, M. Jay. O. Dyer, J. De laney. Jay. first ; Whitefield, second ; Hale, third. 8. 220 yards Hurdle Bace. Prizs, gold Albert chain, value £3 5s. Entries — A. L. Giles, A. McCullum, R. Dyer. Won hy A, L. Giles. 9 Btuming H\gb Jump. Prise, ?old scarf pin, value £110s Entries— A. McCulIum, J. Cameren. Won by Cameron, 4 feet4 inches. 10\. Three-Legged Bace, 100 yards. Prize, two gold scarf pins, -value 15s. each. Kntries — A. L. Giles an 1 H. Jay. J. McRae and D. McDonald, W. Giles and C. Forrest. Won by A. L. Giles and H. Jay. 11. Running Long Jump. 'Prize, go'd locket, value £1 5s. Entries — A. L. Giles and C. Carrick. Won bv Giles, 16 feet 8 inches; Carrick, 16 feet II inches. 12. 300 Yards Flat Race. Prize, gold Kleeve-liriks, value £3 10s. Entries— A. L. Giles, D. McDonald, C. Norton. C. Dyer. Won by Giles*. 13. Standing Hiafh Jump. Prize, set gold studs, value £1 Is. Entries — A. L. Giles and A. McCallnm. Won by McCallum, 3 feet 9 inches. 14. Throwing the Cricket Ball. ' Prize, pold locket, value £1 5s. Entries —A. Xj. Giles, J. McRae, C. McBae. C. Carrick, C. Norton. Won by C. Oarrick, 97 yards. 15. Three Long Standing Jumps. Piize, gol£ sleeve-links, value £1 Vb. Entries — A. Ii. Giles and S. Eastwood. Won by Eastwood, 30 feet 3 inches ; Giles, second, 29 feat 9 inches. 16\. Running Hop, Step. Jump. Prizp, gold locket, value £1 10s. Entries— A. L. Giles, H. Jay, C. Dyer. Won by Giles, 35 feet 2 inches': Jay second, 34 feet 11 inches. 17- Beaten Stakes, 100 yards Flat. Prize, gold pencil case, value £1 5s. Entries — John McRae, B. Dver, C. Norton. Won by Dyer. 18. Forced Han dicap. 200 yards Flat. Entries— A. L. Giles, scratch ; M. Mack, 20 yards ; H. Jay, 18 yards ; J. McRae, 16 yards ; C. Carrick, 16 yards ; B. Carrick. 1-3 yards ; R. Dyer, 14 yards ; S. Fast wood, 20 yards ; J. Cameron, 18 yards ; A. McCallum, 18 yards ; W. Giles, 18 yards. H. Jay, first ; Dyer, second ; A. L. Giles, third. A special priza (silver cup, value £7 7s.), was presented by Mr. Steiner, of Adelaide, to tbe athlete making the highest score at the meeting. This was won by Mr. A. L. Giles. Mr. Lewis Fidge acted as staler, and Messrs. T. Atkin son, J.P., and J. Allen as Judges. - 