Archdeacon Crawford made a great mis take in the interests of common sense, when he took the trouble to eievate that heterodox ex-Scripture reader! Mr Tyreman into the position of a martyr. If he had let him carry on his table-rappings in peace and left him to hold his shadowy communication with Cromwell and Sir Robert Peel at his own sweet will, he would probably have ended his days in the obscurity to which a sagacious fortune had consigned him. But instead of that, solemn inquiry was instituted into his senseless practices, and sentence of excom munication passed upon him by dignitaries almost as senseless as himself The result is he is enabled to come before society as an ill-used sufferer for conscience sake, and to trade upon the credulity of his fellow- creatures, to whom, as experience shows, no creed is too idiotic to be without certain at tractions. A meeting is held for him at St George's Hall, presided over by people who onght to have known better, and he is in vited to Sandhurst by such a crowd as the telegram tells us has not been gathered to gether for many a day.' Just a hundred years ago Mesmer used to be befooling the dupes of his generation with a very similar class of mysteries and spectral phenomena. The public appetite for marvels was as great then as it is now, and the public swallowed Mesmer just as they appear prepared to swallow Tyreman. The same morbid im pulses that used to bring the learned men of the earth to the closet of the Parisian wonder-worker, are at work now to swell the audiences of the Sandhurst, spirit-rapper,— the same craving after the supernatural, the same desire to be startled and amused, the same unphilosophical readiness to be self- deceived, the same lazy disposition to refer everything that we cannot instantly under stand to an agency which is so far above the reach of our comprehension that we are not even invited to reason about it This is the mental condition which Mesmer exacted of his dupes, and it is precisely the state of mind which the Spiritualists bring to the con- temptation of their delirious creed. They go to listen to each other's experiences with the same unreasoning disposition to believe in them, to refer them all to one cause, and to be frightened at them that a number of chil- den bring to the amusement of ghost-story telling. One fool makes many. For one Tyreman on the platform, there are twenty in the body of the hall, and before one is done the whole lot are infected The question is, why is this thus ? And of course to answer it would be to explain not only the popularity of Spiritualism, but the popularity of every other emanation from the home of darkness, mystery, and wonder which has imposed on mankind, and which the patient inquiries of science have stripped of their supernatural claims. To explain why Mr Tyreman and his fellow-dupes believe in table-rapping would be to explain why a number of sensible people believe that the rainbow is a sign from Heaven that there shall he no more floods on the earth, why some of the early Christians believed in the miracles of Apollonius, why a philosopher like Bacon believed in witchcraft and burnt old women to show his belief ; and why a divine like Dr Cummin persists in believing that he knows exactly the day and the hour when the Son of Man is coming in the clouds to discomfit Napoleon and the Pope. All these things are not a whit more astonishing than that two thousand practical-minded Eng lishmen should pay their money at the doors of a suffocating building to hear a human be ing in the flesh, declare how he had had a communication from Cromwell, and how Sir Robert Peel condescended to chat familiarly with him on the subject of Gladstone and the ballot There are dupes, and there are dupers, and they appear to be recruited from all classes of society. One dupe is a philosopher, the other is a Tyreman. Both arrive at their conclusions by a mutual process that seems to be common to philosophers and fools alike. Both are confronted with phenomena that they have not the immediate means of tracing to their cause, and both fall down and wor ship. The thing is not to be denied. To our minds it is a greater mystery than even Spiritism itself. But how to explain it, now to account for the believing faculty in mankind, how to explain the superstitious element in his nature upon which all the creeds of the earth depend, is a problem that we can no more solve than we can solve the riddle of the Spiritists, why tables rap, and accordions play, without the instrumentality of the usual forces we ordinarily apply to inorganic matter. They rap and play by tho direct agency of tho spirits of dead men is an assertion of which it is impossible to have any proof. If the assertion were made ever so many times, if the experiments were repeated by ten thousand Tyremans, and were successful under any variety of circum stances, it would not prove that dead men were doing them. Unless we had some independent knowledge of dead men and their habits and modes of action upon living men, it could prove nothing of the sort. As we know nothing whatever of dead men, and as nineteen centuries have passed without our knowing anything whatever of dead men, it would be really as reasonable for the Spiritists to ask us to believe that the tables are spirit-moved as it would be to tell us that they are moved by the Archangel Michael, or by a wild beast in the planet Saturn, or by the ghost of one of Mr Tyre- man's ancestors, a ring-tailed monkey. If the last named gentleman — Mr Tyreman, not the monkey — would only exert the little reason that the spirits appear to have left in him, and ponder upon the logical alterna tive that we have put before him; if he would only see that the whole question is one that involves tho beings and value evidence ; if he would only try to draw tho argumentative distinction between a fact and an inference ; and allow what he is pleased to call his mind to recognise the rule that if more causes than one may account for any particular fact its existence cannot be said to prove any one cause for it rather than any other; if he would only do this, we are con vinced that he will incontinently give up the company of Oliver Cromwell and Sir Robert Peel, and retire into the obscurity out of which the over-zealous Archdeacon of Castle- maine unwisely lifted him. 