THE' RABBI'S ATTACK AND THREATENED HETREAT. TO Till! F.DlTCIll Ol' Tim Jtr.ItAl.0. SiK-Though I am uvvarc it is highly unworthy to allow historic discussions to degenerate into per- sonalities, I must ask a little space to set my personal position in this controversy right before your Jewish tnd Gentile readers. I imibt ippciit it that my in tuhntal alhisum of n couple of lines to Jews of long past generations nie.uit no offence to my liebre iv lellovv-titi/eiiB. Rabbi Davis taxed mo with tho Biost damning faull» that can htnin " public teacher -misrepresentation and untruth ; omi demanded Tctraction ni apology. Ile reilly dragged me into the the statement I hail müde-classic, Biblical, niul Rabhmicul. Mi. Davis never attempted to meet these hy cither honourable criticism oi concession. In his Inst letter he says,-"MyicTered friend chooses to blame mo for not meeting his principrl limitations, which he lakes tri be '1 ncitus, Dioilorus, Juvenal, Esther, Mordccheus, Jesus, and Paul ; but I am of opinion, that if Mr. Graham wanted to prove the grounds of his assumption, he would have gone fur ' them, not to Christian, hut to Jewish sources." Now this implies, if it does not assert, that all my authorities wero Christian. Really, this is too bid. I quoted irom the Midiasch Tilhui (as given hythe learned Beugel, Gnomon, Matt. xv. '_(!.) " The nations of the v. 01 Id are like dogs." Is that allegorical «ommentary on the Psalms, "¡i Christian source-" I quoted from Juvenal, Tacitus, nud Diodorus-lorne of the most splendid unmet, in ancient literature. They fully justified my assertion, and have been quoted by Gibbon to the same effect in that every chapter of his history from which Mr. Davis himself draws weapons against Christianity. If Rabbi Davis can prove Diodorus a Christian, seeing he lived land died before Christ was born, or Juvenal and Tacitus Christian, then he will have performed feats greater than any of the Tulmudic doctors No, Sir, my assertion was true as I made it, and I regret that Rabbi Davis has shuffled—I wish I could truth- fully use a gentler word—out of the dilemma unman- fully. My good friend taught me several lessons in his last epistle. Let me give him one in the late Archbishop Whately's amusing illustration of "The American Turkey Trap :"—" "When they have entered, ' they might escape by simply descending to the en- trance, and walking out the way they walked in. But, instead of this, they vainly beat against the sides of the pen, till the trapper comes and dispatches them. Many featherless bipeds are like these turkeys. When it is plainly proved you have formed a rash judgment, or taken an unwise step, tho right course manifestly is to confess this, and retract and retrace your steps. But most men are too much of turkeys to do this. Usually, when a man finds himself in a pen, and that there is no thoroughfare, rather than descend so far as to own a mistake, and walk out of the error the same way he had walked into it, he will resort to every kind of shuflle. He will insist on it that he was quite right all along, but that there was a change in ' some of the people, or in the circumstances, or perhaps, he will flatly deny that he ever said so-and so, or maintain that he was misunderstood. Any- thing rather than retract and acknowledge an error. And yet a man who does this frankly will usually obtain great applause for his candour and good sense, evem more, perhaps, than he would have had if he had avoided the error from tho first."-Miscellaneous Jlc matns, pp. 307-8. Mr. Davis lias a loud, if not n hearty, laugh over my heading-"The Kabbi und the Shadow,"-and rejoices that I am not to thin. But I meant a dif- ferent shadow-that of which he wrote in his second letter-"You cannot cast a slur upon the past of the Jews without touching the tenderest chord of the national feeling and casting an acute shadow' on the present." It was to this terrible ACUTE SHADOW I alluded. If it were allowable to make merry over a queer figure of speech, I also might have had a laugh at this, as also at another figure in his last letter, in which, when brought to confess the " fables and exaggerated imagery" of the Talmud, he says,-" There are some grains of chaff among the bushels of wheat," &e.; "The times when these grains were engrafted upon ' the parent seed were," ¿vc. Now, engrafting grains, of chaff on seeds of wheat is a picture in which my friend might look Talmudic, but most unhorticultural. Thus, while Mr. Davis thought he was laughing at my "shadow," he was really doing so at his own blunder, which I forbore to notice, as English may not bo Mr. Davis's mother tongue. Mr. Davis thinks I did not judge him fairly when I supposed he must have been " waiting to try his steel on some foe " in championship of Ids people. Well. I really did think so. Fur before I li id the honour to know Mr. Davis personally I remember being struck with sharp attack of his on certain extempore utterances of Christian ministers—Revds. J. K. Tucker, D D., and S. Cf. Kent, to wit. There were others, I believe ; hut with the attacks on the two above named gentlemen I was so struck and aroused at the time that I out them out of the Sltalct ns .capital specimens oi game, keen-spurted, , eager.championship. 1 was rather confirmed in this . yiew bl my spirited friend by a remark of the .ftuii n i Kan Israelite of August 4th instant:-"The llev. Mr. Graham has replied to the above in a letter displaying consideiablo lenrning and great ' erudition. It is utterly impossible for us to produce it, owing t» its length, but we- may fairly say th-u ,i \ Kabbi Davie has met a foeman. tooithy of /IIB steel." Evidently .the Israclito knew that the redoubtable i Kabbi had not only "sharp Tulmudic pebbles," as he eonfesses, but also "steel" that awaited a foeman worthy of it. I regret my unworthiness of' this famous blade ; and, as I am »io? a shadow, I fain would have bhiincd its edge ; but rould not. I In his first letter Mr. Davis spoke v cry kindly, and even ilatteaingly, of nie. He was so good as to say " a gentleman ol' the high standing ot the llev. Mr. Graham, who is so thoroughly acquainted with both the Old and New Testaments-o»e whose range of knowledge is so extensive, and who brings an intelligent acumen to bear upon every subject he dis- cusses," fvC. [ Now, Sir, I rather think it was only cons ciousness , of indesert of this praise from such a quarter that pre , served me from, spiritual harm under it. I did not dream it was lubrication before deglutition ; or tu i adopt a more Irish figure-being sprinkled with the honey dew of the celebrated Lapis Ulameyetisis, 'before bung .scarified and salted in liaubinnùal pickle. Per in_ his last letter the Rabbi t4ACs me with unfairness in quotation, incompetence in inter- pretation, and rashness and intolerance in spirit. To \- tlie charge of unfairness I solemnly plead " not guilty." I deem literary unfairness worse than mercantile cheating or forgery. I did not quote one «f Mr. DaviB's words till I looked at the sen- tence mid context, and honestly quoted in hatmony with them. The same is true of every other quotation I made, except where I gaye the authority of some .sehplar, superior m his department to myself. I »bhùr treating an antagonist unfairly, for I remember that I write under an All-seeing Eye, and must give account of idlo words written as certainly as of those spoken. And if a man bo my antagonist in opinion, is he not still _forbid that I should quote lightly or unfairly It Mr. Davis had given one true instance of this, I should have set him a prompt example of getting out of " the turkey trap " in wliieh he is penned. Ot the one inapplicable instance he give», I shall have more to say by-and-bj e. As to the verdict of incompetence in intci pretatiou and criticism, I must humbly appeal to a moro im- partial tribunal than my opponent's judgment. The charge, how ever, ismadein very indefinite terms, llabbi i T>avis, bays m his thud letter, " Let me observe, Sir, , by way of commencement, that Mr. Graham docs not appear »t all acquainted with tho manner ol interpreting tno Holy Scriptuies, atleast the OldTes toment, so we will explain, with the kind allowance of vmir columns, his several statements, not so much . ..... o{. : contro .the appears I must not quote parts of ray Opponent'« sentences, lest Ihe charged with unfairness. The sentence is one ot those whoso beginning has a purpose, bub the end is left to Providence or chanco. ,t)ne where the words are a. lorest, but the sense almost "lost in the bush'." One thing l8 purni, I am not *} at all acquainted with the manner of interpreting the Holy Scriptures." A serious charge against a preacher. But Rabbi Davis does not say what " manner"-" the manner." Why, Sir, there are so many manners, from the celebrated "thirteen rules " of Rabbis past and present, down to the mythic manner of modern rationalists, that I really cannot tell what manner, nor can any one else, except the Rabbi himself.' He is surprised I am "not fully up t0 the tímes-" " It is a positive fact Mr. Graham does not possess the key of Old Tes- tament interpretation." Now, Sir, this reminds one of school-boy argument or of the solicitor's instructions to his counsel-«' No «lrnree¡^US0 ^ ^abltüí'[ * »' disingenuous to AT ?n athe,rBalT. rather than am, we? his argu- ments. I do not feel at liberty to retaliate in this wise I do not believe that any sect or party have any private key to Biblical interpretation. While wc hold the Bible to be inspired of God, we hold that it was written in harmony with the laws of human thought, and is to be interpreted in harmony with the same, like any other hook, but in a devout prayerful spirit. I think Rabbi Davis will agree with me that, in the interpretation of any passage of Scripture we should have regard to the scope of the writer, to its connection with the context, und to the use of the word or words in other parts of Holy Writ, especially in parallel passages or express references to the pas- sage in question. The Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible made 270 years before Christ by very learned Jews, and from their supposed num- ber called the Septuagint, or the Seventy, is one of the greatest helps in existence to interpret both the obscure words and meanings of the Hebrew text. Next to this, perhaps, are the Targum (Chaldee trans- lation or paraphrase) of Onkelos on the law, and that of Jonathan Ben Uzziel on the prophets. These pre Christian Judaistic authors cannot be taxed with Christian prejudices or falsifications. I know the Rabbinical tactics in reference to thom, and to Josephus also ; but no matter. Truth and justice will ever regard them as the most impartial standards of appeal, where they can be appealed to. Now, will Mr. Davis be patient while I bring one or two of his statements to the test of the above principles and aids to interpretation, and then let our readers judge of the reliableness of his interpretive penetration and scholarly accuracy. In my last letter, 1 quotetl instances of the defec- tion and guilt of the Israelitish nation in the wilderness, He repels the charge in this wise,-" Is he not aware that in writing, certain vices are ascribed to tho whole when they apply to a part only. Wc speak ot the whole of France as being tainted with Communism, and of committing the most atrocious crimes, when it is well- known the majority detest them as much as we do. So we find it was not the whole nation, but only a small portion of it-a minority,-that were guilty in the wilderness." Mr. Davis must allow me to say that I believe no respectable writer would, or does, write of France as if the whole of it were tainted with Communism, &c.; Such writing would not be borne in any respectable periodical, except an explanation of the writer's exceptional use of words and phrases were given. But I beg the reader to turn to the Mosaic narra- tive of the defection of Israel before Sinai in their idolatry of the golden calf. And in the light of that narrative, well and accurately given in our English translation of Exodus xxxii., I ask him to say was that defection confined, as the Rabbi says, to, "the mixed multitude," or to a small part, a minority of the nation : Just look at the terms of the narrative ;-v. 1. " The people gathered them- selves together unto Aaron ; v. 3. And all the people brake off the golden ear-rings ; v. 7. And the Lord said unto Motes, Go get thee down ; for thy people which thou broughtest out of the land of Egypt have corrupted themselves. I have seen this people, and behold it is a stiff-necked people : now, therefore, let mc alone that my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may consume them, and I will make of thee a great people." Moses pleads with God for them ; but it is no part of his plea that only a " minority " had sinned. He confesses the sin of the nation as a whole, nnd depre- cates their national destruction. In holy indignation he brake the tables ol the law as he rushed down from the mount. Ile upbraided Aaron and the people ; but Aaron makes no such defence for himself or people as llnbbi Davis docs. Moses returned to plead with Jehovah, und said, v. 31, " Oh this people have sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of gold." Now, suppose we grant with the l'irke Elie/er, with Unbbi Jehuda, lind with Aheu E/ra, (see 'Bishop 1'utrick on Exod. xxxii, 1,) that they did not worship the idol as an idol, but as a sensible representation of the true God ; yet their defection was the defec- tion of the majority, and therefore national. . So it is referred to, and most bitterly bewailed, by Moses nearly forty years afterwards. Deut. ix. 7. " Remcmbcr, and forget not, how thou provokedst the Lord thy God to wrath in the wilderness : from the day that thou didst depart out of the land of Egypt, until ye came unto this place, yo have been rebellious against the Lord." Ah! there is no false balm of apology here to deaden the guilt and shame of con- science.' Reader, peruse the whole ninth' chapter of Deuteronomy, and you will find one great Jewish Rabbi who was,not afraid to tell the people their guiiç, and who waa infinitely more jealous for the glory of God than for the. reputation of his people. .Three1 times in succession-Gbd n-ssures them-Deut. xxxii. 4, 5, G-that it was not for their deserts He would lead tlieni linto Cnnaan, but because of His own truth, end the grievous guilt of tho Canaanites. The same guilty transaction is alluded to and deplored in terms ns comprehensive by Nehemiuh, while in chapter ix. he confesses the deep, deep guilt of lus own generation and their fathers. The sumo is true of David's record of the same pational guilt, Psalm çvi. ID, 2ß. Daniel is equally penitent in deploring national guilt. See Dan. ix, Mr, Davis invents excuses for Israel in the wilder- ness totally unrecognised by Moses, Nehemiah, David, Daniel, or any other of the sacred writers. ' In pro- portion ns those writers were wise and holy they eschewed national pride, and confessed national sin, depressing the loftiness, of man and exalting the grace and faithfulness of God. I prefer following their ex- ample to that of the apologist of Israel's sins in the wilderness. ' ; ' But it is as a matter of historic criticism and inter- pretation I have to do with the statements of Rabbi Davis ; and whether we appeal to the terms of Exodus xxxii., or those of the parallel passages, to the ' original Hebrew, to the Septuagint and ' "Vulgate versions, or commentators, I candidly confess I have never met more mis- leading handling of the word of God by a believer in either Testament, than I have met in Mr. Davis's treatment of this transaction before Horeb. I bitterly grieve to have to pen these words ; and I hope it was only by temporary controversial exigency he was betrayed into the statements I have animadverted on. It, to follow this "manner" is to be "up to the times," I wish for ever to lag behind with common sense and common honesty-with Moses, David, Nehemiah, and Daniel. But let us put our friend's criticism as well as his exegesis for a while under the lens. Take as a specimen his assertion in his third letter, and in continuation of the passage from which I have already quoted-the original word "eigal" can equally signify ''a cone" as a " calf." I affirm that this is totally untrue as to the use of the word in the Hebrew Bible. The word is used at least thirty-five times in the Old Testament. Eight times it is used in the Pentateuch in reference to the sin at Horeb ; in all the other places it must signify what the Seventy translate it-^ou^oo-, or the Vulgate vitulus,-a calf. Take a few examples : "Take thee a young calf for a sin offering," Lev. ix. 2 ; and a calf and a lamb, v. 3. " The woman had a fat calf in the house."-1 Sam. xxviii. 24. " Ye shall srrow up as cnlves of the stall."-Mai. iv. 2. Hut why proceed with the remaining twenty-three quotations r David fixes the meaning of the term as I used in the remaining eight instances by Moses ; for referring to the sin at Horeb, he says-Psalm cvi., 19, 20-"They made n calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image. Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that cateth grass." There' is no critical Darwinism, however, " up to thei times,'" that can transmute the specific ßiblical " eigal " into a " cone," even a " golden cone." - "Eigal" Ls the common gender; Eigelah is the feminine ; and this lutter form of the word is used at least sixteen times in the Old Testament, and every time it must he, and in our authorised version is rendered heifer or cnlves. A« when Samson says Judges xiv., l8-'» If ye had not plowed «with my heifer." i .. The same word, but"differently painted and pro nounoed " again," is found at least twenty-five times in the Old Testament; im'd always means cart or wnggon. or cart drawn by heifers or oxen, as in 1 Sam. vi. 8-" Ark of the Lord, and lay it on a new Cult." i Now, where is Mr. Davis's unqualified assertion— The original word "Higal" can equally signify '"a cone" as "a calf." ' It will not do to retreat to the Talmud behind a -cloud of traditional ink or, learned dust. " To the law, and to the testimony : if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.": Isaiah viii. 20. Sir, I 'cannot aftbrd time, nor yon space, to treat Mr. Davis's expositions and criticisms -with a minute- ness equal to this. I chose this, because I would give one sample (ex tino . disce omttes), and one from which there is no ¿scape out of clear water into a continent of mud. " ' . , Let me for a little follow the Rabbi into another field, and test his accuracy there. It is a narrow field, because personal. , Mr. Davis gives mo a condemna- tory lecture on my intolerance. ' He says :-" I had thought these were tolerant days, not days in -which one sect any longer levelled at another, who differed from it in points of doctrine, such epithets as ' hissing snake ' and ' deadly nightshade,' and I am grieved to find Mr. Graham is not of the tolerant number." Now, from this any reader would suppose I had levelled at the Jews these fearful verbal missiles but, this also is quite untrue I have never applied either epithet to the Hebrew people or Mr Davis orally or in writing What can Mr Davis mean or what spirit does he wish to evoke by these and such like assei tíons Again he says of me He assures me that mv utlein te would entitle me to the thirty mut btnnes Imiistrcfti the render to mj second letter where a hcntei ct tot illy tliflerent in spirit and terms itturi I never said or thought that actual stripes «ho ild be n Kitted for any um unices But vvhut mt u s the fe Uowmg dciitcnoe without i jot or tittie nltertd from Mr Daviss last lettei - If Mr Gilham did not star d self confessed n « shade w I sh mid say th it ht deserved the forty stripes ir the thumbscrew fruin his people for so strangclj misrepresenting them Is this lniigua_c fun, oi seriousness In any case is it trolly n mister in Israel 5 A\ lij should ni) people ubt the lash aud the thumb screw to me cither luually or fa0uraUvtly Because I said oral tradition has tvtr liten a fillitious guide Iherefore my extited fnend leaps up and tries Bravo Mr ( raliam Whether suth cxtla mations arc not moit suittd to the ring or the turf than the stud} I leave Mr Dovis s own reüctuons to ile cide Dt gustibub ml disputandum Mr Davis thinks that by tho reietti m oí oral traill tion I cut the "round from under Christianity because Jesus hnnstli confessedly did not write bo iks lit therefore su00ests th it the Gospels in d the 1 almud nre on the same traditionary foot mg lhere is rcallj no paiallel Ihree of the Gospels, wt know is fur as authorship of any tiling can be proved, were written with n fort} jtars of the death of Jesus that is before the destruttion of Jerusalem and probnblv long before it and the other one a lew years after i wo of the writers were finn har foi vears with Jesus the other two were the companions of his apostles, and one -t them, ttrtnmlj (Mark) thou.li not in apostle jet must have personally kniwn the lord N >vv the text of the I almud the Mishna professing to embody the oral traditions rcteived by Moses from God was not written, or embodied, lorat least one thousand seven hundred j cars after the death of Mo=es 1 he 1 almud (Babylonian) was not completed till the beginmng of the sixth centurv, moic than .000 years after the giving of the law and jet this and the Gospels are equally ora ¿tradition' And 1 cut the ground from under C Imstiaiut) bj rejecting orul tradition ' Hie written laws and retords of Moses make no mention of divinely given additional traditions and the pre tensions of the Mishna to divine origin is a baseless myth, and a prop to Kabbiiucal assumption and irrogante, as the most advanced Jewish thinkers know and confess But Jesus promised to Hih foi lowers the descent of the illuminating Spirit to enable them to unelerstand and write and tenth the things concerning Himself and the now spiritual elispens i hou w luth He ushered in on the prepared theatre of the world Ihey were therefore ns muth His amanuenses as the Prophets were of Jehovah Sir, I must pass over a full dozen of historic and critical inaccuracies into which Mr Davis has fallen for when a man rejects one great vital truth he must stumble and trip as he does, in all co related and subordinate truths But let me refer before touching Mr Davis's great charge against me, to one of his wholesale and unscholarly statements, full of excited feeling that blinds the judgment to calm facts ' No Mr Graham, take it (the Talmud) as a whole and you will find that nearly all the best sayings in the four selected canonical books of the New Testament are transcripts from the Talmud and that the celebrated ' Sermon on the Mount ' has its counter part, verse for verse, and sentence for sentence, in the pages of this extraordinary work. This state- ment is utterly overcharged and exaggerated ; but, were it even true how could the sayings of the Gospels be transcribed from a book—(and Mr D speaks no doubt of the Babylonish Talmud always with rabbis "the Talmud")—whose text was not written for about tvwo hundred years, nor its com- ments completed for about five hundred years after the three synoptic Gospels were published. Why should Rabbi Davis, following Renan, in the face of all chronology, pick up this broken shaft and shout it again—telum imbecile et sine ictu—at the shield of the Gospel ? The great sayings of Him, whose words and acts have changed the ages, did in dimmed and mutilated forms find their way, as did Persian, Greek, and Latin proverbs and fables, unacknow ledged into the Talmud, as truths of Moses did into the Zendeyesta of Zoroaster, or into the Koran. No doubt Jesus also endorsed with his authority the best moral and spiritual sayings that formed the currency of the Jewish Church in his day and by stamping them with his image and super scription, he has insured their circulation through all time, and through every land Let me here sav, I think Mr Davis really cuts the ground from under the Old Testament, as far as man's mistake can do so, when he quotes and endorses such infidel and rationalistic writer and arguments as are jumbled up hastily in his last letter. I have ne fear of infidel writers and arguments. For the last thirty years I have been tolerably familiar with up-cropping and rehashed objections both against Moses and Jesus. And examination of their grounds has ever strengthened my faith, and brightened to my eye, after a while, the evidences of revelation But I marvel at a believer in Moses quoting the insidiously infidel fifteenth chapter of Gibbon's ' Decline and Fall." His principles would far more effectually undermine belief in the miracles and legation of Moses than in those of Christ. And as to spurious Gospels they were soon detected and rejected ; and neither false Gospels, Christs, coins or medicines can invalidate the reality of the true It is the worth of the true that has induced imitation It is the broad shield of Christian criticism that protects Moses and the prophets from the shafts levelled at the Mosaic revelation by Colenso and others. This our Jewish brethren will yet come to see They will see that the flower of that provisional Mosaic dispensation prepared the fruit of a fully developed Christianity and in the enjoyment of the fruit they will not lament the fading of the flower Rabbi Davis is totally mistaken in thinking Christianity only " a reform of Judaism It is a predestined development of all that was vital and divine in Judaism, as much as is the image of the larva, the child of the fœtus or the orange of the blossom The mate- rial temple is gone but here stands the living temple of tho Church, and yonder the glorious prototype in the heavens The long typical train of bloody sacri fices has passed away , but here in the Gospel, and, yonder in the heavens, stands forth to faith the " Lamb of God, who taketh away the sins of the world The long series of ablutions, cleansings, cireumcisings have found their grand fulfilment in ' the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost How one's heart aches over the blindly gigantic efforts of Maimonides to find the foundations of the Jewish law in the reason of things, while he overlooks the two grand streams into which its typical meaning flowed—viz, sacrificial expiation through a suffering Messiah, and the sanctification of the spirit through faith in the risen, glorified Saviour But, Sir, I hasten to set myself right in regard to the Rabbi's heaviest charge against me If his last charge be true, then, indeed, my people should not appl) the scourge and thumbscrew, as he sa\s hut lock mv pulpit door and appeal to their trust deed to turn nie out Our friend 8 words are these -' Mr Graham has closed his letter with what I must term a most un Christian assertion He points ambigu msly to the mysterious eclipse which has darkened over our narien for nearly two thousand years, and he can onlv solve the ' mystery by rttributing it to one dire crime and mistake of which they have been guilt} I did not me in to be ambiguous, though I wished as niofftiisivel} as I could to state or suggest a great tTutn which I think the 7ey to Jewish history during ti c lattir half of their existence as a nation-I mean during the last eighteen centuries "surely Mr Davis has read enough of the four Gospels, tile Acts, and Epistles and of Christian literature generall), to know what I mean Plainly it is this I behove it to bo as tcrtain as the giving of the law from Sinai as certain as that all the Egj ptian generation of Israel, except Joshua and Caleb, perished for sin ere the entrance on Canaan, I believe it true as any fact of history that the Jewish rulers and people instigated and drove Pontius Pilate to put to death, that promised Prophet, " raised up of their brethren , and like unto Moses m legislative oflice, m unequalled meekness, in dmnely simple exterior and address and far superior to Moses in miracle working power (I beg the Kabbi and the reader to peruse on this wonderful parallel-Bishop Newtons Sixth Dis- sertation on the Prophecies) This I believe on external, and internal evidences fax moro numerous and convincing than confirm tho fatts of the Pentateuch, as I am quite prepared to prove Now as the unbelief of Israel in the wilderness caused them to be turned back from Canaan to wander and perish in the wilderness through fort} ytars, during which God was gneved with their hardness of heart (Psalm xcv ) until at ienj,th Joshua led in a more believing generation, so it is evident the rejection and crucifixion of the Messiah, -while it fulfilled the world wide purpose of God, has led to the most terrible disasters to the Jewish race for nearly two thousand years of exile, wandering, and woe. All the idolatries of Israel before the Babylonian cuptivity ineuired only the 70 years expatriation and iflliction but here, though there was no post exilian idol itrj, ¡omi. dire guilt was incurred th it cost the ruin of Je usai em ard the temple and the mitchless agonies and horrors of that siege, and more than 2ö times 70 jeirs of exile and wictchedniss une\ implcd in the annals of time Sureh such unparalleled penaltv must have hid in unpiralleled cause îsow, the rejection oi the Messiah is the only cn (te in histor j, that seems an adequate lountuin to such deep and far flowing md bitter streams Lui bl Davis wonders tint I do not seo quite different onuses elsewhere, in those enumeiatcd bj Moses three thoustnd jeirs ago ihat is prceisclj where I lor k for them, in the ir germinal expression Such I find m those words uttered by Jehovah to Moscp and then repe ited bj him to the people Head Dcutcronomj XMII 9 22 Here note the words of lehoinh i l8, 19,-"And I will raise them up a pro phct irom among their brethren, like unto theo and I will put mj words in his mouth and he shall speak, unto them all that I command him Andu shall come 10 jiasi that u hosocier Kill not hearken unto my words uhuh he shall ipeak winy name, I will require ii of 11 m "Whoever wishes to s0e tht literature of this prophecy would do well to read Lishop Patricks learned exposition oi it in his (ommentarj And still better, because more modc-n and search wg, while equally learned, Kiel and Dclit/sch in then Cc mmentarj on the Pentateuch, and best of all, the commentary on it in Hengstenberg s Chris tology Uns latter author proves that the ancient Tewish. interpretation of it was Messianic, and that they have abandoned that ground through the pressure of Christian polemics, and now apply the passage to Joshua, Jeremiah, or the Prophets collcilii elj Hut it is proved beyond ques tion that, though it may take in the whole line ot prophets, it tulmii ated in the Messiah Jcsas,_ in whom alone it had full and exact fulfilment Xovv the prophecy declares that that Prophet was to speak Cods word, therefore whoever m suited him and rejected his woids insulted the ambassador of Jehovah, and incurred the guilt of sacrilege and treason, and God would icquirc it at Ins hands Of this latter awful phrase I need not expound the meaning And, if the Jews preferred Har ibbas, a robber and murderer, to this prophet, and if their descendants concur in their choice and reject his words, what must I conclude but this,-this is the fearful sin, that has shed its penalty on unbelieving Israel through rmst ages, and still darkens down in long and dismil eclipse 5 Itabbi Davis thinks ' this a most unchnsti m assertion " Now, here he cills me on to Christian ground md suielj such is the "New lestiment and there I find this prophecy applied to Jesus, and its penaltj to his rejectors bo Peter alter the great i'en tccost quotes and njipliea it Acts m, 19 20 So the djmg Stephen, « full of the Holy Ghost, applies it Acts in 37 So Jesus applies it to hun seit-' Moses in whom j e trust will accuse j ou , for, if je believed Moses, ve would also believe me for he icrute of me John \, 4 J, 17 So also he does, John MI 1R, i0 So the voice from "the excel lent glorj on the mount of transli¿uration -Matt \vn o ^lr, my statement, instead of being unchristian, is the united -v oice of all Christian mtcrpreters I ask Rabbi Davis to turn to Christian commentaries on those awful words the Jews uttered, as recorded Matt xxvn 2j-' Then answered all the people, and said, ' His IILOOD HE ON ts \\\D ON otu CHU DUES Then let him answer is m\ statement ' most un christian He quotes Graits on the Pentateuch, and lauds him very highly Sureh he had only dipped into the book, or he would have lowered his tone of laudation I et hint turn to Ed 1807, part III, lecture VI , section I , pp 4o7 8, and he will read my "most unchristian assertion' in these words - " And to complete the accurate accomplishment of the Mosaic prediction, how aw full j is that clause fulfilled, which declares in the name of Jeho/ah (Deut xvni, 19), ' Whosoever will not hearken unto my words, -which he shall speak in m j name, I will require it of him ' The Jewish nation did not hearken to the promised prophet, and of the whole nation how awfully has it been required Eighteen hundred j ears of dispersion and degrada tion has not yet closed the effect of that dreadful imprecation-' His blood be on tis and on our children '," Now that I have come to the end of this long de fenBive letter, I look at books from which I intended to quote, to show " that assertion ' to be mos' Christian, which the Kabbi, in his ignorance, pro nounced most «tichnstian , but time aHd space fail, except Mr Davis compel me to resume the subject Sir, lam tolerant of all opinions, even the most unihnstian I would not, if I could, injure a hair of eve» aft arch heretic's head But surely Mr Davis does not think that toleration of error is to be confounded with mthiFcrence to truth , or that we must ignore all history m complaisance *to our fucnds , or that he alone has a Hebrew Bible, or that I am pnhtelv to beg pardon for being a Christian Sir, I believe Mr Davis has lost the key to open Old Testament prophecies, as he shows bj his quotation from Isaiah hit , and other prophecies He makea Isaiah, m the fiftv third chapter of his prophecies, speak nonsense the most chaotic Tbe prophet all through the chapter identifies himself with Israel, and speaks of a third partv, a peraon, who was to suffer for Israel Yet Mr Davis makes Israel the sufierer, and applies to his nation the -words ot v S-" He is brought as a lamb to the slaughter ' "W hy not quote the preceding context-" Surely he hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows-he was wounded for otir transgressions-and we like sheep baie gone astray, and the Lord hath laid un him the iniquity of tis all ' And ni ?« 8-" for the transgres- sion Of my people was he stricken I know that ancient and modem Judaism aro divided in their in- terpretation of this chapter, which is the most won- derful prediction of ' the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow," as the New lestament shows I dcliberatelj aver thatR Davis s principles of interpreting these prophecieb would, in the end leave no Messiah in the Bible, and no hope to lus nation His Habbimcal ancestors, in sin and ignorance threw the golden key of prophecy into the deep dead sea of tradition and unbelief, and only the angels of penitence and faith can evoke it from the depth Thank God, the true key is here-" From a child thou hast known the Holy Scriptures, which are aole to make thee wise unto salvation, 1111101.011 TÀiTii WHICH is ix CHRIST JESCS -2 lim m la Sir, I confidently, in the presence ol both his people and mine, await the honourable retractation of Mr Davis B charges against me, and I remain, your obliged and obedient servant, JOHN GRAHAM. _1 Sydney. 24th August. 