JOHN'S FAG nr DAME EtTROPA'S SCHOOL. THE following review of this clevef pamphlet is taken from the Freemen!$ Journal :— We learn that most of the big boys at Dame Europa's School kept fags, whom they treated in a very cruel fashion. Aleck (Russia) had a boy named Pol. (Poland), who was not only beaten by Aleck, but by Joseph and William. Joseph for a very long time had ill-used a boy nicknamed " Hungry but eventually had learned liis mistake, and made "Hungry" quite an eqml. "the consequence was that Joseph became much more respected than he had ever been. He grew richer and more powerful; and it was generally believed that wheu Joseph would attempt to regain a prestige he had.lost in a row with William, " Hungry " would stand nobly by liis side. But the fag whom all the school knew to be most villainously used was John's boy, "Paddy." . , He WHS a briglit-eyed, high-spirited, warmhearted, impulsive, merry boy. In love for and appreciation of music and poetry, he had few equals and no superiors in the school; and was in every respect a gifted child of nature. He had become a great favourite with every one who knew him—even including Dame EuTopa—with the solitary exception of John. The latter, for a long time, could scarcely bear him ; and, as truth must be told, Pat returned the compliment with interest. Pat had originally a garden for himself, which, like John's, consisted of an island. The two islands, moreover, were very neaTeach other. There was, however, a great difference between them. John's was much Inrger than Pat's, and although parts of it were very beautiful, it was on the whole much disfigured by the debris and rubbish thrown out of the workshops. Pat's was small, but very verdant, and quite free from the abovementioned rubbish, not so much from his disinclination to. work in the same way as John, as from the want of materials to do so. He, however, made as much money aB he could by cultivating it, and keeping some tame animals. For a long time John had cast longing looks on the pretty little island that lay so near him, and sometimes, stealthily landed on its green shores from his boat. Pat for some time sent him about his business whenever he caught, him there ; but at last John, backed up by his friends, seized on it in real earnest, and left Pat there only on the condition that, for the future, he should be his fag, and add considerably to his pocket-money by handing him over a large share of what he made by his industry on his beautiful little island garden. A love of money being one of John's chief peculiarities, and being at the same time a bit of a bully, be began as soon as possible to make the most he could out of poor Pat, scarcely leaving him a penny to put in his own pocket; and envying him very much, on account of a great number of the boys liking him far better than himself, he took every opportunity he possibly could to humiliate him. This kind of persecution was but ill endured by Paddy, who made several attempts to beat John, but was always defeated through lack of funds, supplies, &c.; Ned Fitz, Bob Emmet, and Billy Smith, all tried to help Paddy, but they were all unfortunate. At last a boy named Dan, an exceedingly clever lad, "with a large head and clear judgment," advised Paddy to give up the notion of fighting John, and try to win back some of his lost influence by moral suasion. Dan had some difficulty in the beginning, but in time lie succeeded pretty well ; but Billy Smith coming to visit Paddy at this very moment again induced him to fight with John, and the consequence was that Paddy himself, and Billy Smith, and Dan were all well thrashed. It should be mentioned that John had grown so to hate Paddy that he had actually hindered him from working in his own garden. John thought for Paddy in politics, and even provided him with a religion. Paddy did not like this religion, and adhered to the one he had held from the very first with splennid resolution. About this time " Uncle Sam," the master of another school, very much larger than the Dame's, took a fancy to Pat, and many of Pat's relatives used to go and see Uncle Sam, and' sometiow they liked him so well that they never came back to John's rule, but abused it in the most sturdy fashion. John became jealous of Sam's preference for Pat. and some friends of John advised him to treat Pat a little better or things might turn up ugly. John really did make some concessions. . He said Pat need not any more pay for the religion he did hot believe in, and with some other privileges, long sought and long denied, endeavoured to pacify Pat and public opinion. But Pat had set his heart on one boon, and declared that nothing else would satisfy him—he wanted to regulate his own affairs and manage his own garden, always being friendly with John. .' The name of Pat's desire was " Home Pule," and for this he sighed and longed continually. Up ,io the present John had shown no eigne of giving way, but many believed that the day was fast coming when it would be to John's interest to yield this point too. " BEST " BUTTER.—A correspondent, who says he read with interest our investigation of the Thames butter question, gives the result of a very simple analysis Be has made of some best quality butter, and says that it containsat.leaBt 15 per cent; of -water. He placed a quantity of butter in a glass vessel, and held it oyer a pan of hot water until' the hutter was dissolved into its component parts. When the liquid had been thoroughly cooled, there' was a layer of pure butter at the top, in tbe centre was a narrow layer of hair, dust, and cotton-fibre, and at the bottom was' precipitated the heavier matter—a kind of milky water,-jjSoat/i London Press. GHOST IN A CONNECTICUT GKAVETABD.— During -some' days 1 past, Bridgeport, Conn., has. been excited by; theehadow'bfayoman upon a tombstone at thfe citycemetei-y. "The grave contains the remains of a'boy who Iras said to have been' thrown <lowb stains and killed 'several years ago by the womanwhose shadow thus singularly appears. • Hundreds of citizens bavie visited the spot, and witnessed the phenomenon. 