CHURCH OF ENGLAND MEETING. A meeting was held at the Mechanics’ Institute on Tuesday evening, 1st August, of members of the Church of England, for the purpose of assisting in the measures for measures for extending the operations o£ the Church in the Archdeaconry of Ballarat. The bishop was absent by reason of sickness, but the Dean of Melbourne, the Archdeacon of Ballarat, and the Rev. Messrs Potter, Cummins, Adeney, Allanby, Spencer, J. M. Watson, G. W. Watson, and other clergymen were present on the platform, as also Mr Colin Campbell and Mr W. H. Gaunt. The Yen. Archdeacon Stretch read the bishop’s address. It adverted to the growth of the Church here during his episcopate. Beginning with 17 clergymen it had now 129, and instead of 6 churches 200, besides a host of parsonages, whilst upwards of £60,000 had been sub scribed for church purposes. These things should lead them to thank God and take courage, though when the growth of the population from 70,000 to 700,000 was looked at, and the fact that the popula tion was still sparse in many districts, and much lukewarmness abroad, a spirit of sadness and despon dency sometimes arose. But their duty was to look to God thankfully for what had been done, and to humble themselves for what had been lacking, and strive for a remedy. No doubt there were defects in the church organisation, but its characteristics were not to be forgotten. It was territorial, and each minister and congregation in some sort, and within certain limits, independent, yet it was parochial, and not congregational like the Congregationalists and Baptists, nor central like the Wesleyans, and, as Dr Chalmers had said, it was a church for the whole people. But there were defects, and the laity had not had so large a voice and employment as was desirable. At least it was so in England where the laity had no action in synodical meetings, and the parochial system tended to clerical isolation. But in Victoria that was in part remedied by the Church Assembly with its powers for altering parochial boun daries and devising new plans of action. Then there was a council to assist the ■ bishop, and archidiaconal councils for district purposes. These, and the absence of church patronage here were matters for congratula tion, But a kind of parochial vestries and local coun cils were desirable for superintendence over congre gations. To him, however, it seemed also that more zeal and devotedness was wanted rather than new organisa tions, and that zeal and devotedness could only be obtained by the influence of the Holy Ghost. The Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne nest ad dressed the meeting, and expressed the pleasure he had in seeing Mr Gaunt on that occason, as it con trasted with a former time when they had met to assist in procuring church ordinances in a place that had no church within a distance of 20 miles. The object of the meeting that night was to give, if possh ble, an impetus to the work of the Church. By the desire of Ins friend the archdeacon, he was to speak that night on the subject of episcopacy. He regarded the Church °f England not so much as an “ episcopal church” as a church for giving religion to the whole country. The visits of a bishop were good, as they cemented us all together. He (the dean) ranch re gretted the bishop could not be present that night. (Cheers.) The bishop’s visits gave zeal and encourage-, ment to the churches, and were thus always welcome. The Jarge diocese of Victoria needed subdivision, and if that was to be clone an endowment was necessary for the new bishopric, for it was essential that a bishop should be independent in his position. Subdivision of dioceses in Australia bad resulted in continual grpcy th. Such, was the of bishops. The reverse picture wasonoe seen in North America, where bishops were denied to the. colonies, and the Church withered away, and then the colonies there became a' rival nation though episcopacy there had since revived and the Church had prospered. But without the blessing and presence, of God all our organi sations and labors would be in vain. Mr Colin Campbell addressed the meeting and urged the necessity of earnest'actioh for the furtherance, of the interests of the Church, especially.m the arch deaconry of Ballarat., A system of quarterly subscrip tions for, the spread of the Church was proposed, each member of the Church giving, if only a shilling a quarter, .to the fund, while the richer could give more; and all, even the youngest child, could bear a part in the work. The archdeacon explained that the. pro posed collection would be in aid of the district mission fund, as they were now to, be thrown upon tjieir own resources, and provide for readers and other church necessities. It was proposed to hold meetings in all parts of the district for the purpose of establishing the fund, the minimum subscription being Is per quarter. A collection was then taken up. 