GENERAL INTEL LIGrENCE. Seeds of the Planter's Friend havo bean ,v district ^ B0Veral Parti0S in tho Q^nboi' Tho material of the Shoalhaven School of Ax was to bo sold by aution last week, undorat^ ment of a croditor. Ju'go- A youngnian, named Barker, broke his neck n„ his father, s station, at Mount Mitchell, Kow England, a fow days since. ' Gold to tho amount of 42,345 oz, was i for coinage at tho Svdnev Mint. /I.,-: ? ve-l ending Saturday last. ** Wee* On Tuesday evening last, a working man n,„ j William Lee, fell into tho wator at tlio Cir ) Quay, and was drowned. Ocular Samples from tho Elsmore Tin .Mine which ? situated in the vicinity of the township of Iavm-pli* on a range bordering the Macintyro River, w' been exhibited lp Sydney. , ' vw The Rev. G. Hurst (ox-president - of the Wesleyan Conference) is about to pav au officii visit to the M acleay district J S8X£X2&m; c'u~' Wesleyan Circuit Fund. The U reaSS which with cash donations, brought ui- the proceeds to about £50. enure ,rTht° ®oulbura Meat-Preserving Company (limited) has suspended operations for tho present '? Tho directors have been requested to pay nomom promissory notes,- and to arrange with thn creditors of the company for an extension o£ time pending the result of recommencing. - At a meeting of the Sabbath Observance Societv at Melbourne a. resolution was passed almost unanimously against the Cerberus- being opened for public inspection on Sundays. : - Tho ' Goulburn Herald', understands that tlie loase of the Currawang Copper Mine, havingnow seven months to run, has been purchased from the jJieauuo luoauoa IU1 wio auin oi J.OIAIU by Messrit M Fraser, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., Stephen and 1:1 Dangar, and Deer. Tlie latter w_ |'i , believe, will remain as manager. '. IM A purse of 40 sovereigns and an address, simed H by 200 residents of Sodwalls and Rydal was m .presented, on the 29th September, to Mr John m Spooner, catechist of the Church of En-dand 19 Tho ravages committed by stray dogs upon ! flocks of. sheep forms a grievance heavily eom- I plained of in the Western district. I' Over three hundred ounces of nearly pure gold ' f were picked out of tho quartz in-Kronaii's claim t Hill End, on tho 29th September. ' I On Saturday last the escort left Grenfoll taking 1216 oz. 7 dwts. 13 grs. of gold, principally ( obtained from tho reefs. . ? A large seal, 7 feet 3. inches in length, was killed on the beach (Queensclifl) by one of the lighthouse-men on September 28. I The ' Ballarat Star' reports that George Moore, who was convicted of larceny of hospital moneys at tho last Circuit Court, and who was admitted ? to bail pending the decision of a law- point, has 1 broken his bail, and gone off to Fiji. Hia bonds- | men thus become liable for £4000 each. - . | Diphtheria has beon raging at Goldan Point, ' f near Ballarat. Three young members of one f family wero cut off by that disease within a few months. ! Ah Cow, a Chinaman, committed suicide at - S Seymour (Victoria) last week. He stood up before i a looking-glass and cut his throat. Tho deed is j accouuted for by his brother, who says that deceased was afraid of ghosts. On September 21st, a woman named Elizabeth Kirk, of Mulgrave, Victoria, was found lying on the ground with her face in the mud, quite dead and cold. She had been apparently perfectly well when her husband left her, somo hours before. It is snpposed that sho was seized with all epeUtic fit, andfalling down in the mud was smothered. A gentleman in South Australia, s who induced his pigs to clear his land of the nuisance of thistles says, that tho animals were fat, and chose tlie - weeds in preference to boiled wheat and pollard. ; There was a heavy snow-storm at Braidwood v during the night between Sunday and Monday last. On tho 2nd instant tliore was a fall of snow at Goulburn. In the coast district the weather has of late been either bleak and wintry, or very sultry ; the successive changes taking place with great rapidity, and accompanied with high winds. . Dredging for gold promises to be a remunerative occupation to New Zealand. The 'West Coast1 , Times ' gives an account of some operations on tho Nelson rivers, and says that, at - a lowest computation, a dredging machine, working ten hours a day, will probably net £02 per week. Tho punt, boat, spoon, aro estimated to cost £300 and tho working expenses weekly are set down at £20. - A woman in Adelaide named Louisa Dunbar, was fearfully burned on September 22. Her ' clothes having caught fire at the fire-place, »lie rushed out into tho yard, and when, found sho was unconcious, and had torn off all her clothes. , The house was nearly burned downj- the floor catching fire from portions of the burning cloth ing which the poor woman threw from her. Mrs. Dunbar had been drinking heavily previous to tlio accident ; she is not expected to recover. The Cooma correspondent of . the 1 Besa I Gazette ' relates that on the afternoon of Friday, the 15tli September, a child about six years old, son of Mr P. Cassey, of Jellamatong, strayed away from the residence of his parents. He was. not missed for some time. When search was made for him, the unfortunate child was found dead, with his faco downwards, in a waterholo not far from the homo of his parents. Wo hear the depth of water was not more than six inches in the hole where he was drowned. - Two children, whose namos says tho ' Alexandra Times' wo havo not heard, aged respectively twelve and eight years, wont out pheasant shooting in tho Plenty Ranges about four days ago, and, a heavy fog coming on, the two poor little ones got. , lost in the bush. A large party of horsemen, eighteen in nrimbor, havo been scouring the ranges in search of the missing children, but up to tho present time without success. It is feared that the poor things havo perished through starvation and exposure. Mr. William Allen, of Oxley Island, has,, favoured us (' Manning River Nows') with a sample of the sugar he is now turning out, and for which 'he finds a ready sale on the spot for £35 per ton. Wo learn that this sample is the produce of Tahitian canes, moat of which are three years old ; and that in this case asmall millis answoring '. fairly. The samplo is an oxcollent one — a dry, white, well-crystallized sugar, quite good enough for any one's table. We are also informed that Mr. Flott has made a commencement, and is turning out a fine quality of sugar. 1 The Sydney Morning ' Herald' remarks .that ,. there is a large quantity of very important business: .. promised for the ensuing session of our Legisla ture, and to accomplish it ono-lialf of its msmbers must be content to speak with brevity, and to work with energy. But the course taken by the minis try in regard to their appointments during tho recess, and also in dolaying the mooting of Parlia ment until the middle of November will, no doubt, provoke a long debate. There will not be toe, according to ordinary ? practice to pass the Esti mates before Christmas, and important measures will bo again deferred. The postponement of tlio meeting, of Parliament until so lato a day- 'Will require justification. ... The ' Brisbane Courier ' relates that during a storm on Saturday evening, Fairview House, Leichardt streot, was struck by lightning, and con- ^ siderable damage dono to it. 'The lightning struck , the gable about 12 foot from tlio floor, splintering the chamber board and forcing in about two square feet of lath and plaster. It then passed down ono Of the head pillars of an iron bedstead, tore up the flooing underneath the castors, and , cutting a groove in one of the piles on which the house is built, entered tho earth. Two children wore in the bed wlieil it was struck, but they, escaped with no worse harm than a fright, ^n, . another room somo bricks were knocked down the. chimney. Tho house was fiUcd Biuoko spijie Wo 'Clarence Examiner 'have boon favoured I v-oMr William Layton, of Rosewood, with tho , blowing facts relative to tho produce' of threo-; ! 10 rtor3 of an acre and six rod of cane, part ribbon qUd oart purple, which gave a yiold of 42 tons 6 cwfc, j n?'r,„hablo cane, which at 15s. per ton— tlio price ' °w lined for it on the ground' from Mr. Muir of r rr'sCreok — realised a total of £31 14s. 8d. . Tlie 7 „f nittins and delivering at the mill was £13 |i« 2d. which' Mr. Layton considers was fully £3 ? cicos3: of what it ought to havo beon, owing to Lmmtman not keeping timo, thereby necossi ti,c men waiting and working at night, for Sicli 'thoy had to bo paid extra. Tho ground *' broken up and thoroughly pulverized to at 1 ! t ft foot 'n depth, '?''J- iu °acli holo when ready l receive the plaritsa handful of lime was thrown. Tho first six months tlie cano waij kept thoroughly , from weeds, but after that time very little Mention was paid to it— say once in threo months for thrashing. Mr. Layton is of opinion that , j? bost cane to plant is the ribbon, and the above ti -urea will speak for tliomsolues as to tho , groat advantage of tlie sugar cano over maize. On Saturday; 22nd ult, it was reported in Kempaoy that John Rowley, tho second son of iheBev. W. S. Newton, of east Kempsoy,1 had met his death by drowning. On making inquiries, . learned the little fellow; who' was about seven vears of age, had been playing on the bank of tho S river near his father's residence. Ho was seon floatin' a tin dish on the water by a boy named Richard Leo, aged'ab'6ut fourteen, who was fishing in a boat some : distance off. Tho boat in which Leo was fishing appears to have been locked to tho shore and hearing a splash in tho water ho at oncu rot out ; and going in the direction whertce the' sound catne, saw tho littlo boy's ;head and, hands aiiove tho water. Ho reached out his hand to try and got hold of 'him, but could not, and he then I .ran up to Mr. Nowtoi^s house and gave the alarm.' Tho Rov. Mr. Newton at once ran to the river and plunged in, but his son had sunk. Assistance .arrived immediately, but it was fully twenty minutes before the body was : recovered. Br. Babriol was promptly in attendance, and at once ii6cdr every possible means to restore animation. These wero vigorously applied for two-hours and a liilf, but without, avail— the spark of life had gone .rtit. and the body was pronounced dead. I A correspondent of the ' Arinidale Express' writes from Bundarra : — If you think proper, you ?can. give publicity ^to. tho, .following. I ; can Touch forit being the truth, being an oyo-witnesa. Two young men wore among ' wild' horses in this neighbourhood,: and as they wont up a; mountain the one.caugbta mare by tho ra^ne, and -the other jumped from his horse, wound her tail round a !sapling,-and held'her-ther£ till.ilie'oth'er piit oii'his' saddle and bridle.;; And-he .then . irode libr to were ttodccoy horses were left. .2 think this, is equal te. tho affair at Shoaihaven where tlie man jumped' ?on tho wild mare and choked lier. ' I' Tho 'Maryborough Advertiser' (Victoria) relates hpw a detective officer got intoa,yery uiicomfortr laolo position. Detective Duncan, and somo other detectives, were watching recently in tho bush at night j for. tho perpetrators of robberies i lately re ported in Maryborough. 33uncan, after .watching a hut for three hours, saw threo men -emerge, who let loose 6; dog that Had been barking ever since the arrival of ±he:police. -The, dog at .once made for the spot where the detective lay crouched, fol lowed by. the moti. One Of .them' said it was a stump, and the others coincided; and after a-time %ey .went away. In a few. minutes one of them ' returned, with an axe in bis band, apparently having doubts as .to whether it was -stump or not. As lie. came up be .thus, soliloquised : — ' Yes, it is .-?stamp.. No, it isjit., I say, mate, it must be. a- .stump. ' -Atthisjunctu're tlie man-had come witliin touch distance of the. defective, and raised the axe ?which. he held aver the detect^o, who, . remaining immovable, appeared to -satisfy the man the ?object after all was -a ?stump,1' as lie lowered the weapon and walked away; ' muttering. .'.'it. is' a ;stuinp.'. He. .then entered , the hut, Shortly afterwards the officers arrested one of the men, who had stolen good in his possession, and turned ?out to bo. tlie man wlip. approached, Duncan .with the axei On the way to tho lockup the prisoner 'ho. mistook the 'detective for a stump at the I time he saw him'.in the bushes, because, had at teen a man, he would have boenirightened .at .the .aiglitof tlie axe overliim. ' ( The following' example of Vpor'cine rapacity is . given by the 'Mottlake Dispatch.:— A fevv 'days rago a ciiild in a family residing in this neigh 'buurhood .was delivered from what might have resulted in serious bodily harm, if not in a hearts rending and excruciating death.! i ?' The 'little one, isunio twelve inontliB old, had just . eaten a meal. which included a quantity ot potatoes and bacon, ;and some' of the food!had of course collected about tlio child's hands, ubd arras. The mother and other members of tho family happened to borfrom the dining-room 'together, leaving the ciiild ! by iitsclf, and the 'doors open. In the course of a ifeir minutes the fond parent returned, and looking I towards her child a shocking and startling .Bpectaclo'taot her 'gaze. A pig, which was ro ving about the premiseSj' ihad entered -'.tho room, and: ?enticed no doubt by the unctous , and .vegetable compound about the child's hands was in the act of making .a meal' of one of thom -when the startled mother rushed forward to the.rascuo, -just- .at tho nick of.time to save her babe from.injury. 'Onohariil had been in the jiiws --f tlie ugly ??animal, and- on -.it' ithero .wete several distinctly ?visible Jeeth-nwrks.'!' ... ,.f,i „ ,.. , - I FniE . AT Tkrhaha.— -'Early on Thursday morn -ingAsaysthe ' Shoalhayen News ') information was ?bronght'-into town1 of Hhe total'dostructioh of -tho 'Terra'ra Steam Saw JUilla, that morniilg,;by .fire, ;and that Mr, .Atkins, in charge, was so severely. ;and frjghtfuEy burnt that there wero little hopes 'ofliis recovery. Upon ms&ing; iinqiiiries'.wc wore ?enabled toielicit .the following particulars For «onie days previous the wasfe .timber and sawdust ?on the-westerri side of the mill had been burning, button' Mr. Edwards, one of tho :firm, retiring to bcd;on Wednesday night, ^ibout 32 o'clock, thero were no appearances of fire, the smouldering saw ?duit'had, it was' thought; gone out. About day light on Thursday, Mr. Edwards was awakened iby ;a noise resembling the, working of the engine, and remarked to his wife that tlie men were at work ?very early:- t On getting up he looked out and saw ?the mill in .a_ blazo, the! roof. at the. moment having fallen in. He at one o ran down knowing that Mr. Atkins and his stepson -slept in :tho loft, outon-approaching 'the 'epot he-found' tliat 'Mr. -fitkins.Gnd the rest of tho men had been, trying, to ?Mtingiiish the fire, but that Mr. Atkins having ;oeen seriously burnt, aiid the men being appre -henaive that the boiler, would .blow -up,'! from the tact that a beam bad , fallen .across -the safety valve, had Tetired, finding it utterly impossible W stay the total destruction- of the mill. It mo appears that, ijfhsn-Mr, ? Atkins .awoke ?ana found the mill on. fire, both ho, and .Jus ?stepson came down' through ' the trap door and gave , tho alarm to some of tkb men ' who were sleeping iu a hut close by, when ?eveiy exertion aa niaao to suppress tho ravagos of tlio fire, finding that all attempts were futile, Mr. Atkins, io had nothing qpon him but hiB shirt, rushed ; P into the_ loft to .where the desk , was, with a « the books and papers connected the 'Bsiriess, but' -before ho' could return ho »i,l^rrou,u by iiamea,, ;and severely scorched . 'tlm lnlvi impossible to descend ?nf nla^e his «xit by jumping out l Sd0W' Atkins, who had' his hair „ ftnd who, , with tho oxcoption oti his breast- is frightfully m ° over Jiis face,' limbs, and body, walk down -to 41 neighbour's (Mr. ' PioUK °'lst-) and. went to bed, where Dr» ' ^atelw inm» ? fceea sent for, Wiis immedi nart nf ti! i1 npo1} During tho fore Itowallr Mf- Atkinu .got up and attempted ^'?^^t^dowgso fell, and had to be picked in«! v i j- ba,ck'tc) tho hoiiBe. Tho loss of tho ,sa\ys, &c.;, is: wtimated at from £1500 to £1600. ' Everythini; order8 andnmg jvfole expellont operation : And r tho- .raill .w».i ,in full employment to upwards of ; a miner »t Springdalliih1, Vic tana, lost his; life recently by tho falliiig-in of a largo mass of earth. ° Hoc'sEiiotD Remedy for Cnour.-A writer in the ^Quoonslander'. of September 23 contributes YpnF 'I '1 of treating croup, which may prove useful whore modical assistance cannot bo procured 1 was once situated with ono of my children so that I could not procure any ordinary remedies, and it suddenly occurred to mo when suffocation was fast approaching that salad oil would bo a - good remedy. I immediately placed f \u , lu , ,u and guvo him ono largo toaspoon ful, and another m throe minutes, whoa I noticed a decided change in his breathing. Five minutes affcor I gavo linn, another, When perceiving liiin. getting rapidly bettor, I loft him for half an hour. Upon my return all danger had subsided, but- 1 continued giving tho oil at intervals during tho evening.; . Noxb moraing he was able to go about' all right. Iho writer, saya ho ]ias tried this! remedy several times, with invariable succoss. j _ A Nice Police Magistrate— At tho Narrabri District Court, t. held tlie other day, tho under mentioned case was called on for hearing before his Honor Judgo Meyjiiott;' Tho following report of it, which : we take from1 tho ' Tamworth Ex a,m??r' sp'ak^ f?r itsotf '.Gallagher v. Smith.. lhis was an action to recover £11 (js for printing and advertising and subscription to a nowspapor. Tho. plaintiff is proprietor of tho ' Tamworth Examiner, ' and tho dofondant i8 poiico magistrate clerk ot petty sessions, and registrar of thoDistrict Court at Narrabri. When tho list 6f cases for trial had beon called over, it was found this case had not boon entered on tho causo list, and Air Smith, who appeared for tho plaintiff, drew his 'Honor s attontion to tho omission. His Honor enquired of ^ the defendant, who is registrar, how this aroso and, in explanation, it was stated that the plaint was duly received for entry but that it: -..was the first he had to enter, and, having no law books , to guide liiili, lie was in doubt whether it was compulsory on him to enter a: case against himself. His Honor said it was clear , that defendant did not know his duty, and thou proceeded to read from the Districts Courts Act', showing that the registrar... was. bound- to enter every- plaintJ Defendant in further explanation, said that ho did not then know a magistrate should issue a summons against himself, that an offer of settle ment uaa »eea: made but refused, and that lie believed, the case was brought into court merely to expose him. The plaintiff, in ' reply said that the debt was now due nearly six years, and that if , the case was not now brought off, a portion of the debt would be barred by tho Statue of ? Limitations. Ntr offer 4/hat euuld bo accepted had been made with regard to payment, and he looked uppn tho application for' a postponement made by defendant to take such stops as would deprive plaintiff of payment altogether; His Honor said the caso , exhibited a gross: irregularity, but under the circumstances he would be unable ito give a verdict as the plaint had not.been entered. Defen dant knew that .the plaiut should have been entered and ho would inform defendant that if, the case was not settled before tlie court rose to tbe satis faction of the plaintiff, lie (tho Judge), would re port defendant's. conduct to the Attorney-General . with a viow of getting defendant dismissed. The case was Shortly after settled.'' ' ' i 