IV ew Zealand Ghost Storjj The Wellington evening paper of the 29th tells the following etory A few evenings agt, young lady who occupies the same sleeping apai merit, but not the same bad, with a younger sisfi hfd retired 10 rest shortly before midnight, and wi on the point of falling asleep. The younirer sist had been asleep for some time. To render the m ralive clear it may be necessary to Btatethatt elder sister's bed stood in front of a window, at soi little distance from it ; a chair stood between t bed and the window. The young lady was lying her side, with her face to the window, as we si before, on the point of dropping off to sleep, and, the avers, without the remotest thought of ghost goblin crossing her mind, when suddenly s became aware of something.like a dim shadow beii cast across her eyes ; she Btarted, and turn anickly round . to find herself confronted a tall gentleman, dressed in black- co and trousers, wearing a white waistcoat with blai spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning over hi His figure and features were clearly limned agaii the window, and she instantly recognized the face a gentleman formerly a resident of Wellinet- AOaacoil anmA tnalna m nnfVi. nv an TTn« lnr-l. only momentary, but it waB dear; and filled wi terror, she screamed repeatedly to her sister, w after some little lime awoke. The phost disappear at the first sound of her voice, and she was too mu agitated to observe whioh way it went. The young sister asked what was the matter; the elder sist replied by desiring her to come into the other b and she would tell the cause of her troul in the morning. Having laid down besi her the younger sister continued to press the eld with questions as to what she had seen or heard, last asking her whether Bhe had not seen, a man the room. To this tbe elder replied that she ha when the younger rejoined, ' Then I know who was, it was Mr. ? ,' mentioning the name of tl very man whom her Bister had seen. Much su prised, the elder asked, ' Did you see him tc thenp' 'No,' taid the younger; 'but while was asleep the impression waB borne vividly on n mind that he was in the room.' On being subs quently questioned how she came to think that t party she named was in the room, she said si could not tell, and had not . thought of hi before since his death ; but she seemed to kno intuitively that he was present without feeling tl alarm that was exhibited by her sister. 