' In thirty years,' said the First Napoleon to O'Meara at St Helena, ' ail Europe Trill be cither Republican or Cossaque.' Half a cen tury has elapsed siaoe these words were uttered, and the predicted rerolution has not yet come to puss It will be admitted, how ever, that it has often, during the last twenty years, appeared to be near its accomplishment. Now republioanisaa, or liberalism, would seem to be getting the upper hand ; and then the heavy nnd despotic rule of the sword has succeeded, to be followed, perhaps, by another outburst of radicalism. The triumphal entrr of a powerful military Emperor into Berlin could soarcely bave been anticipated in the year 1848, when the furious populace carried their dead on strctchers past the royal palace, and, with fierce shouts, intimate pretty clcarly that the street slaughters which had been perpetrated must be areoged by the over throw of monarchy altogether. The Berliaers exhibited remarkable coalncss and method in their proceedings on that occasion — always an indication of a settled and determinate purpose. It was related in the papers at the time that, in breal. iag open houses in search of arms, and aleo of enemies, they came upon one in which they found the aged and illuBtrious traveller and philosopher Humboldt, whom they treated with the greatest tenderness and respect, plaoing a guard to piotcot him from violence. The late King, it will be remem bered, was compelled (a ooi.-.c out ou the bal cony of his palace, and bare his head as the bodies of the slain citizens were oarried by. Then, as regards France, we have had the revolution that over threw Charles tbo Tenth and compelled him to fly, and the outbreak that resulted in a similar manat-r for Louis Philippe, followed by the later pranks of Louis Napoleon, and the consequences thereof. We have also witnessed the Italian revolution, and the establishment of the King at Rome ; but all these matters may be regarded a9 ' the conslusioa in which nothing is oonoluded .' At this time, and when men are speculating as to the probable duration of the present Government of France, or what would be required to make it durable, fully consoious that the Frenoh example must always have a powerful influence, at least upon Continental Europe, tbe Duo de Persigny appears again on the scene, in an address to the people of the department of tho Loire. The chief feature of his communication is a strong expression of his opinion that the great mistake of most of those who had endeavoured to settle the future form of Government in Franoe had been to aim at the establishment of a Parlia mentary system similar to that of Eng land. This, amongst the excitable people of France, he candidly avows his d isbelief in ; and he supports his opinion by reference to ' the oardinal principles laid down at the commencement of the present oentury by the great Emperor — by that man of genius who beat has understood the French nation.' He maintains that the system has overthrown all the French Governments that have sought its permanent establishment, and that it ' could only be conceived in the centre of an aristo cratic community, essentially different from the Frenoh.' Whether, therefore, Legitimists, Orleanists, or Republicans, are in the ascendant, he is equally certain that they must fail if they attempt to adopt the English system. ' Even in the moBt tranquil timee,' he says ' I was convinced, and I maintained, that this system could be productive only of disturbances, ! dangerous, or at the best useless, in conse quence of its giving preference to words rather tban actions, of its inevitably handing over the Government to advooates, in arousing to sue I cess every ambition ; obliging the moBt honour able men to think more of obtaining or main taining power than employing it ; and, lastly, in its calling incessantly upon the popular passions to aid in varied contests.' The Due evidently has a preference for the American system over our own He has been taken to task for his opinions, but they are oapable of a good defence. We do not believe that France will ever .be pernuncotly ruled by a Government based upon the British system. The nearest she ever approached to it was when the ex Emperor intrusted M Kjaile Olliver with the portfolio of a responsible Minister; and we all know what followed. War was declared against Prussia, and France was invaded, im' poverished, and humiliated. What then, is the most suitable Government for the 1 French people? We can only form a judg ment from history ; and although it was the lashion to regard the reign of Lovii XIV. u # ;5. ' ?; | a glorious 'one/: and tms^ iiy whiohit was surrounded as tb^wu^st-W gold, *the historian does-'not fair tb strij, off ; the mask, and expose 'Ihe , imposture -as it was. There seems to he no more glorious period of French history than that in which, having recovered from thelrightfnl exoetses of the revolution, her(ciyil afiairs were directed by men of piiudeiice and sagacity, and her armies led by commanders of whom the great Napoleon was one of the youngest. The instinctive terror of repub- j lioanism, which was a bugbear - alike to the Sovereigns and Statesmen /of England, Aus tria, I ussia, and Prussia, caused all kind* of slanders to be directed against the French Government under the Directory and the Consulate ; but the wisdom of the Adminis tration and the conquests of Napoleon— the latter being professedly undertaken in the name of Liberty — gave a prestige to France which lasted even after the time — When, goaiei by ambitions sting, ' The hero sank into the king. Without following the London Press in its | comments on the Duo de Persignv's address, i which may probably be considered beyond our province in this part of the world, though the subject must be one of interest anywhere, we believe that the Due is right iB supposing British institutions to be unsuited to his country ; but it would probably be at least as great a failure to attempt to engraft American Kepublicanism upon Frenoh Bonapartism Thb Uakqoib of Lokkb, —A correspondent of the Sporting Gazette^ Bays It is romonred in Courtly ciroles— but I write under correction — that the Queen offered to elevate her son-in-law to the rank of a duke, bat the honour was respectfully declined, with the fall consent of the Princess. Pbiktihq Sebmohs. — The Church Time, mentions a clergyman of the Church of England who not only writes his discourses, bat prints them, and hss a oopy placed in eaoh seat before, the commencement of the service. The next step will be to have them ' taken as read.' Texpebakob Ball.— The usual weekly meeting of the New South Wales Alliance for the Suppression of Intemperance, was held in the above Hall last evening. Mr. B. tfountoastle oooupyiny the chair. The meeting began by singing a melody. The audienoe was addressed by Messrs. Berry, Thomson, and others; at the conolusion several came forward and signed the pledge. Fibs. — Last night, about 10 o'clock, the fire-engines were called out at the ringing of the bells. The fire was supposed to be of some magnitude, bat on the arrival of the firemen at th. house situated in Sussex street south, it turned out to be only a ohimney on fire, whioh was quickly put out. The Insurance engine was first, and the No. 2 Company of Volunteers were second on the spot. Phillip Wabd. — We observe by an advertisement in this day's issue, that Mr. John Sutherland, M.L.A., is about to receive a requisition, requesting him to again take offioe in the City Council, as alderman for Phillip Ward. As Mr. Sutherland held offioe with considerable advantage to the citizens generally for many years, we imagine the requisition will be numerously Bigned, and as he was always eleoted with out opposition for Phillip Ward, it is probable that no one will oppose his candidature on the present occasion) Exhumation of a Boot.— The man Peter Byrnes, whose death in Cobb's coach at Wingen we recorded last week, was buried after the usual inquiry by the polioe magistrate' : but it appears that tne £4 which were found upon him was not the only sum of money about him at the time of death. With a true buBh man's precaution, he had seoreted a cheque for a con siderable Bum in one of his cooks : and as the police did not think fit to remove these articles of attire, the existence of the cheque was not known. His wife, however, fortunately was a party to the secretion, and on her representation the body was exhumed and the oheque discovered. — Upper Hunter Courier. Terrible Accident at Dungog. - We regret to learn that Mr. Joseph Finch, an old and respected resident of Dungog, and father-in-law of Mr. S. Griffiths, of Newcastle, has sustained an accident of a very painful nature, by which it is feared he will lose his life. The injured man was driving a vehicle (heavily laden) to a station a few miles from Dungog, when one of the wheels gave way, the shock throwing Mr. Finch between the horses and the dray. The animals became frightened, swerved, and the sound wheel passed along Mr. Finch's side - which it severely bruised - and crushed the bones of his left leg in such a manner that his recovery is declared by the two medical gentlemen who are attending him to be hope- less. A letter from Dungog last evening contained intelligence that Mr. Finch was still alive, but was not expected to live through the night. - Newcastle Pilot. The Pbemieb and the Dehujquin Deputation. — Shortly after the arrival of Sir James Martin at Denili quin, on Tuesday, the &th;, the Mayor of Deniliquin, accompanied by Dr. Wren, Messrs. J. E. Moseley, James Watson, J.' Waring, and representatives of the local papers were received as a deputation on railway matters by Sir James and Mr. Lord. The Mayor biiefly referred to the efforts made by the people of this district for a number of years past, to impress upon the several Governments who had been in power the neoessity of making a railway to conneot Deniliquin and Echuoa. Sir James, upon a former visit te Deniliquin, had led its citizens to infer that he would be favourably inolined to a project of this kind ; and led away with this hope, a parliamentary committee had been ob tained, evidenoe taken, and a report returned to the Assembly that had abundantly substantiated all that the .projectors had urged in its favour. Sir James Martin had not supported the measure, in consequenoe as he (the Mayor} supposed, of the Premier being en; gaged in projecting the Southern line to the Mur rumbidgee by way of Narandera. The Mayor would be glad to find that Sir James and the ether Ministers had beoome favourably impressed with what they had seen on their rapid ride from Eehuca, and that before leaving they would give a definite expression of opinion respecting the| working out of this short line of railway, either by means of a oompany or in any other way. Sir James, in reply, stated that he was entirely opposed to railways being made by any kind of com pany—the principle was bad ; railways in every case should be State property. He himself would not ride on one that was in the hands of a oompany, and would not support any undertaking that wanted assistance in land for the line, or grants of large areas either along the line or in any other way, and a guarantee from tbe State of five or six per cent. As regards the Govern ment undertaking the work, he eould not give any pledge. The relations between the Governments of Viotoiia and New South Wales South Wales might make it undesirable to have the railway made, and that Deniliquin was no worse off than Wagga Wagga, Gun dagai, and other inland towns. If the Viotorians placed duties on beef and mutton, and on eaoh bale that oroued the Murray, the necessity of a railway | might probably be not so urgent as represented. He promised to have the matter farther considered. — Pastoral Times. Botal Victoria Theatki.— On Tuesday evening Mr. Moiton Tararei appeared as 'Hamlet' before a house densely crowded in all parts, and the per formance was repeated last night to an audience little inferior. The publio have manifested daring the last fortnight that they do not want appreciation of the legitimate drama, provided it be pit upon the stage in an average manner. Hamlet is a character in which it is, at the same time, most easy for a tragedian to impress an audience, and most difficult to thoroughly satisfy them. The character of the philosophic Dane is one of whioh almost evory play goer, oertainly every reader of Shakespere, has formed an ideal of his own ; and as it is very seldom indeed that one person is enabled, or has the fortune, to \- realize another person's ideal, it follows that it is pro portionately infrequent that the speotator is -entirely satisfied with the player's conception. At the same time, the sublimity of the language in which this most magnificent of the bard's tragedies is couohed, the strong diversity of the characters, the intrinsic quali ties of the pieoe, simply oonsidned as an noting play, are such that it would ba very .ingnl.. indeed if, with intelligent acting, it wen not auooessfal with an intelligent andianoe. Ur. Tavern |hai given a reading of the put altogether different to that of the previous tragedians who .figured on the Sydney boards ; his Hamlet is quieter, more studious, less emotional, if the term may be permitted. In the closet scene Mr. Tarawa elicited the loudest plaudits; he infused a withering scorn into his re proaches of his mother, which was in the highest style of his art. Mrs, Robert Heir as Ophelia looked very pretty, and played the part with mueh feeling. Miss Rosa Cooper gave an artistic inter pretation of die Queen. Mr. George Darrell doubled as the Ghost and the First Player, and gave a masterly ! rendering of both parts. Mr. Clifford was a tolerable ? Laertes, Mr. Lionel Harding, as the King, dressed and \- played humounly.. Mr. Douglass waa east for Horatio, a part quite .out of his line of business, and all that 1 could be expected was letter perfeetnen and a tolerably ? intelligent delivery. In these respects he may be said to have acquitted himself satisfactorily ; bat his make t up was unique. Mr. W. Andrews elicited tbe avenge amount of merriment as the First Gravedigger, To I sight 'Skyloek' is te be repeated, 