THE UCONSEQUENCES, (From Haiper's New fMonthly MaUazica.) HE and she were driving out together. He was dark, short, and stout,-in fact some people called him fat-a sure way of enraging her. His redeeming points were-a pair of keen black eyes, a certain manly, sensible way he had with him, and a reliable look. She was small and slender, looking as if the wind might blow her away some fine March morning, with "two eyes so soft and brown," and waving, natural-not crimped--clhesnut hair, falling in little rings and sprays around a white face, delicate, but full of life and spirit. Everybody in Knipsio Farms said it was perfectly absurd. ;At the last sewing society thero was but one opinion. It was an unusually full meeting, the engagement hav ing but just come out. They were working on a bedquilt for the home missionary in Bariboo. Quilting' is the most social work imaginable, it so brings every one together, and over " herring bone" and " shell" stitch the coldest hearts thaw out. Mrs. Daniel Dodge was there, Lance Lambert's aunt; and as no one know exactly how she stood on the all-absorbing question of the dlay, a little preliminamry boating round the bush was necessary. Aunt Polly Griggs boldly opened the campaign like the veteran she was " So Lance is really engaged at last," said she, " He's flirted round so long I didn't know's he'd ever settle down and git married." " Oh, you know there's always something irresistibly fascinating about schoolmna'ams," suggested sarcastic Miss Scraps, who had not fbund the same fact true of dressmakers in her own experience. " Well, if I am his aunt-" said Mrs. Dodgeo Every one listened with, as Virgil puts it, " erected ears," when Mrs. Dodge said, " if I aml his aunt." They felt it a promising be ginning. When people mean to abuse their relatives they generally begin by proclaiming the rights of kindred not to spare a story for relation's sake. " If I am his aunt," said Mrs. Dodge, " I must say he has driven his pigs to rather a Fpoor market, What lihe can fancy in that little, pale-faced schoolma'am is more than I can see. Her high flown village airs, I sup pose. A pretty farmer's wife she'll make I" " Well, that's jest what I was a-sayin' to Miss Stowell before you.cum in," said Aunt Polly.;. Says I, Miss Stowell, you mark my words, Lance Lambert'll rue the day he ever let his eyes run away with his good sense. Laice is a fore-handed, well-to-do young man, and he ought to have a real smart, go-ahead wife-some good, stout, capable girl brought up on a farm with plain, sensible, notions, like. your Lesta or Phemie, for instance. Says Miss Stowell, says she, that a'int for me to say, of course; but one thing I will say, my girls can turn their hand to anything, from making bread to fodderin' and milkin':the cows. Says she, a farmer that marries a village girl-and a schoolma'am at that-is a fboo. They don't know nothin' about work, and :are above it, and full of all kinds of extravagant notions, enough to send a man to the poor house I" " How does his mother foel about it ?" queried 'Mrs. Jedediah Jones, " Oh, she don't say much. -It isn't her way, you know. Besides, it's no use to oppose. Lance when his mind is once made up. He's dlreadful set." " Well, I'm afraid he'll be sorry," with an accent on the afraid that made it sound sin gularly like hope. " Will they live at home with the old folks ?" .. " No; Lance hits bought the Jackson farm over at the Corners. -He says there's no house big enough for two families," "The Jackson farm! I shouldn't s'pose that would be quite grand .enough to suit Laury's idees." "'They're n'oing' to fix the house up some, I believe. 'fihe barns are good, and it's nice land for tobacco," Out in the other room, where the girls were concocting calico dresses for the missionary's children, the subject raged with even greater virulence, as might have been expected, con sidering that Lance had been a general favou rite, and in the days of freedom l;nd roamed from flower to flower, after the usual butterfly fashion of young' bachelors, They pitied him ; they pitied her. ' They wondered at him; they wondered at her, Poverty and sickness, ruin andl disaster, were the mildest of their predictions for this unfortunate couple. Equal consternation prevailed in Knipsic village, where it was rumoured that Laura Bridges was deliberately determined to marry a farmer, No engagement had created such a commotion since the next to the last new minister had married Sue Syllabub. - Every body dressed up and called on everyone else to talk it over. "Is the child crazy ?" asked Mrs. General Sampson of Mrs. Judge Jewett, in her most impressive manner. " To throw herself away on a farmer ! It is true the Bridges are not wealthy, but they are one of our oldest famil ies; and Laura, with her connections, her fine education, her agreeable, lady-like man ners, and pretty face, might have married into the very first circles. George Lelell was extremely attentive to her last year, before she went off teaching that miserable district-school, 'and 'became infatuated with this coarse farinmer"-pronounced co-os falh mah. Then Mrs, Judge Jewett took up the refiain: "Sihe will have no society whatever. She will be obliged to work like a galley-slave -fhrmers' wives always dol Think tof Laura making butter, and cheese, apple sauce, soft soap, sausages, mopping, eatin g withl hired men, living on salt pork !" And Mrs. Jewett shuddered at the dreadfihl picture imagination thus presented of a farmer's life. " Oh, it's truly.dreadful I" said Mrs, General Sampson. "She can't endure it," said Mrs. Jewett. "She'll break down under .it," said Mrs. Sampson. - "She won't live long," said Mrs. Jewett, Meantime, the victims, "unconscious of their doom," Wvere jogging along in a state of perfect happinesss and infatuation, They were driving over to the Jackson farm to inspect their-fiture home. It was a cloudy/ bleak Marchli day, the roads muddy, the grass not yet turned reen. People who met on the street adde a " disagreeable day " to their " God' 'afiernoon i" 'But Lance and Laura found it it an .uncommonly nice day. I think they laboured under a dim impression that roses were blooming and bobo-links wiarbling all along the road. The summer of youth and love in their hearts cast its glamour on all tlie world outside. The old Jackson farmhouse certainly needed to be looked at through a glimoui, if ever anything did. It was a story and a half house, the paint worn off, no blinds, the fence, poor at best, now dihepidated, a solitary scraggy lilao representing' the shruibbery. There is always something slightly pathetic in these same scraggy lilacs and flowering sahnonds, one so often sees struggling for life in the otherwise dreary waste of a fhrmer's firont yard. Some woman once had heart to try and reeeom, with such touch of the beautiful as came withlin her power, the deso late barrenness of her surroundings. Poor Mrs. Jackson set out that lilao when she was young' and hopefuil, and still expected something of life; before Jackson's harsIhI narrow skintlintedness took all the heart out of her, and nmadle her the broken-spirited drudge, who worked on like a tread-mill horse till one day she droppedl into her grave, and there, let us hope, found rest. 'I'hen Jnackson, fiiiding a hlousoekeelper expensive, soldt out and wen't to live withI his son out West, where hie could geot twenty per cent. for his money on first ?nortgage-ns muchl of heaven as his imengre soul was capitble .61f alp'Toeiating. A.nd now anothlcr young' couple were com ing here to try the dlificult sexperimenet we call Life-the experiment lguinst whose success there are so many odls--thle experimnent so many of us would gladly try over again, with the dear-bought expeirinc that comes of failure. Would Lance degenerate into a more money-making machine, a " keop-what you-can-get-and-get-what-you-can" sort of man, like Jackson ? Would the light, and hope, and love fade out of Laura's eyes in the years to come, leaving her another Mrs. Jackson ? Certainly, the associations of the new home were not calculated to inspire very cheerful ideas of a fahrmer's life. "This doesn't look like a very suitable place for you, Laura," said Lance, as he swung her lightly down to terra firma in his strong hands. " An original conundrum strikes me, Lance, Why are you. and I unlike Alexander the Great? Because he sighed for other worlds to conquer, and we don't need to. -This will furnish scope for all our energies at present.'. It does look dilapidated enough. However, I am thankful it stands upon a hill. I like to 'view the landscape o'er.'" "By cutting away those forlorn hemlocks we shall get a view of the river and moun tains beyond, picturesque enough to satisfy even you. It's very pleasant here in summer, little as you would think it now." Inside, the house was more dreary still.' The papers looked all the more dingy and faded ftom having been originally of gaudy, and flaunting designs and colours. Ochlre-.. yellow being a durable colour, not often requiring renewal, every room but the parlour. was painted that hue. The ceilings resembled the works of the old masters in that they were very cracked and smoky. Straw, papers, an old hat or two, a broken rush-bottomed chair, littered the floors. The March wind. howled round the house, rattling the windows, and wailing down the chimneys, as if it were. Mrs. Jackson's ghost uttering warnings of doleful presage to her successor. After inspecting the whole premises, and. discussing their capabilities-alter Lance had shown Laura how hlie intended to put a sink in the kitchen, with pumps to bring hard aid soft water directly into it, instead of her lugging the former by the pailful from the well in the yard, and catching the latter in tubs or however she could, as Mrs. Jackson had been obliged to do, Jackson never having time to "fuss about women's nonsense" after Laura had confidently assured Lance lie was " the best old fellow in the world " and Lance had reciprocated in kind, only more so, they returned , to the front room, where, seated in :state on. an old dry-goods, box, they proceeded to engage in the pleasing occupation of erecting air-castles. Let not the youthful reader sneer at this: iero and heroine of mine as prosy, tiresome, uninteresting', because their talk turned on pumps, fiurnaces, and similar unromantic topics. They too, had been, through the era of hopes, despair, moonlight, ecstasy,. rhapsodies. Now there was a charm better than romance in the words " our house," " we will do thus and so; " it signified so much to them of the future, when they were never to be separated, the happy home they were to share,-. Besides, hath not Solomon said there is a time'for all things-a time for moonlight, a time for bread and butter, a time for raptures, and fur naces ? This was how they came to talk of fiurnaces: Lance said, " how mouldy and musty this room smells! I wonder if Jackson kept his cliese here ! What's that. verse you quote about "You may break, you may shatter the vase if you will , But the soent of the roses-" " Barbarian ?" broke in Laura; " to delibe rately desecrate,Moore, by such. 'an applica tion ! Probably 'this. was the 'best parlour, and the sun was never permitted to fairly shine into it more than once a year. New' paper, paint, and whitewash, 'and plenty of tir and sun for a while, will remedy it, I sus pect. But that reminds me. Do you suppose Knipsic would be able to bear it, if we bhould have a furnace ? It makes a house' so much pleasanter and more usable." " It certainly is a great innovation. No one in Knipsic Farms has one. The idea of a farmer selling his wood and buying coal will probably be a great shock to the public; btut, fter all, I don't know whose concern it is but ours." , ' "Aunt Polly Griggs-"mischievously sug gested Laura, ' . '. " Aunt Polly Griggs may 'hang her hif'p on a willow tree,' so far as we are concerned, I'm glad you haven't tlhe idea' Laura,. most people seem to have, that one's house is alto gether too good to be used by the fiamily,. and must be kept most of the time in solemn: state and gloom." "I believe," said Laura, "in furnishing a house pleasantly and comfortably, but 'not expensively,-not merely for show. Then take all trhe comfort you can out of it. I. expect to do wonders with thadt six hundred dollars Aunt Dunlap left me, to say nothing of that two hundred I've laid up-profits of teaching' thIe young idea,' etc." "' How delightfuid it is to marry an heiress!" observed ,Lance. " Mercenary young' man ! Thou shalt be twigged by the ear for that speech !" said Laura, suiting the action to the word, and being repaid by a sound kissing, which it only needed the slightest provocation in the world to tempt Lance to inflict, as Laura ought to have known-in'tfact- I fe..ar, did knOW, ". " -.; . :. . . . ... Then Laura said there was sonmothingion her mind, and Lance was anxious to officiate as father confessor. ,, . :: . It's a fanoy of mine, a secret desire, that I'mn afraid to tell you. I know, you will think it is really extrava'ant, far worse than the furnace. You.: wil begin to repent of your bargain, I fear, and think there is some truth in :everyone's forebodings about my ' high notions,' village airs, etc.; "for people. always find out, sooner or later, what .. they.. say" about them, and Lance and Laura were. no exceptions. "Nonsense, Laura, What is it-a roo's egg.?" . ' f f us "Almost as foolish for us,Itear. A bow- . window, if you must know. I always did like bow-windows, they are so cheerful and' sunny ; and filled with plants in the winter they give the room a summer-like look. Tlhen one takes off the still' angularity of a room, and gives it individuality. Hlere's a proposition in the Rule of Three for you, ;founded on fact' as story-writers say: As a spice of romance ind imagination to a woman's character, so is a bow window to a square rooin." ' ' "'Ah, Laura, yoil have suchi an artful way: of putti?ng things !J I foresee I shall be ' managed,' andcinever kpow it .However,. we'll contrive tihe bowrwindow somehow,' if , possible," said the indiulg"nt: Lanre,.' who being in that delightfully acmquiescent state of mind often inanifested in mnikind before marrirge, when the wish ofth, beloved object is hmnw-ifi.LLura had suggested a three-story cupola as a desirable addition to their modest mansion, would, undoibtudly have seen at once the extreme feasibility and necessity of the thing. Spring and Summer passed away. Lance haunted carpeniters like an avenging spirit, beca'me an object of terror to painters and tinnoi's, worked hard on the farm daytimes, took Laura out driving in the pleasant summer evenings. Laura took a trip to New York, andn mdo a few modest purchases at Stewart's. Not much for herself; she saw no special reason why she should dress more or differently after marriage than befobro. Be sides, she was carefully husbanding Aunt Dunlap's six hundred with a view to fiurni ture. She ftlt an honest pride in doing some thing to help towards providing the mutual home, in being a little of a helpmeet to start with, at least, even it' she were to prove the misernable tilure in the end everyone predicted. Long webs of cotton cloth grew into sheets, pillow-cases, curtains, what-not, under her busy needle, fl'ing in and out through the long summer days. Also, site found time to practice various culinary arts in the kitchen. A bit of the summer was put away for winter use, in the shape of canned berries, poaches, etc. HIer bread and pies were really quite wonderfil, so Lance thought. Early in October they were married, and moved into their new home, now hardly to be recognised in its daintiness of fresh paint, pretty papers, new furniture. It was far from being a fashionable or imposing resi dence; nothing Gothic, or Italian, or Eliza bethan about it, unless indeed we except Laura's one extravagance-the little how window ; but it had an eminently cosy, home like air. The moment you stepped inside, ysu received a comftbrtable, cheerful impres sion, as if hero were a place where people were in the habit of enjoying themselves. Entering a little square hall-on one side was the dining-room ; on the other the par lour; back of the parlour the bedroom. I'he furnace imparting' a summier temperature, the doors of these adjoining rooms all stood open, giving good air, and a deal of roominess for so small a house. The parlour paper was green and gilt flower on a light drab ground ; the carpet, an ingrain, small checks, g'reen the prominent colour, Through the bow window the sun shone brightly in over Laura's plants, making a summer within, oven if the ground were white with snow outside, and the mercury down among the zeros. Each side of the bow-window, on little brackets, Parian busts, Eve and Psyche, wedding presents, looked out from the English ivy that twined around them, and then met over the. hanging basket in the middle of the window, On the walls hung two or three good engravings and photographs, over them clusters of bright autumn leaves-souvenirs of the wedding tour. A set of hangingo book-shelves, bearing the united libraries of Lance and Laura, presented an otdd combina tion of' poetry and works on Agriculture and i The -Horse." Then there was a lounge which was a lounge-not a rack contrived to exasperate the human frame to the utmost by its nobbiness-an easy-chair, a camp-chair, a shaker rocking- chhair, one or two cane seated chairs, a centre table with a big lamp, books, papers, Laura's work-basket. This was the family sitting-room. Looking in of an evening, you would have seen Lance one side of the table in the big easy chair, reading his paper, or chatting with Laura, sitting opposite in her shaker rocker with her sewing. One great advantage in marryin"' a farmer is, that you have him at home with you in the evenings, provided you make yourself tolerably agreeable to him. Laura, even if she were married, still thought it worth while to fishionably arrange her hair, wear the bright bow, the dainty collar, the little et ceteras that really add so much to a woman's attractions. Lance had too much respect for Laura and himself too to sit down for the evening in his old frock, tumbled hair, overalls tucked into coarse boots, savouring strongly of the barn-yard. He brushed his hair, donned an old coat and slippers, and so, with a little trouble, gained vastly in comfort' and his wife's affections. From their windows the light of a happy home streamed cheerfillly out over the snow, a benediction to the passor-by. People were fond of dropping in there for an evening, it was "so plenasanut," they said. Many a far mer's boy and girl, after an evening at Lance's went home thinking farming wasn't so bad after all, and they wouldn't be in such a hurry to grow old enough to leave for time city, if it could be as pleasant at home. For fiashion in Knipsic Farms had ordained an entirely difflrent order of things firom that prevailing at Lance's, The parlour of every respectable farmer must contain a very hard and slippery hair-cloth sofa, six ciairs, and a hluge rocking chair possessing the same qualities in even greater degree; other furniture to corres pond, arr'anged at stiff angles around the walls. This sacred apartment, as well as the whole main part of the house, was kept cold, darlk, shut up, suggestive to the bold invader who dared penetrate their dreary shades only of funerals. The family lived mostly in the kitchen, sustained, probably, by the proud consciousness of possessing a best parlour and haircloth furniture. Passing by at night you would think the place uninhabited, did not a ray of light from way back in the L reassure you. Did company come unexlect edly, so great a parade was mado of building fires, opening rooms, getting out the best things, that the unfortunate guest felt he should never dare come again. So Lance and Laura were unconsciously doing mission ary work in demonstrating that a farmer's home need not necessarily be destitute of any desirable comfort or refinement, That we may see how the public stood affected, we will lift the curtain on Aunt Polly Grigg's " east room," on an occasion of more than usual solemnity. Ten years of meetings, funerals, sewing societies, tea-drinkings, hay. ing in a measure destroyed the primitive lustre of Auut Polly's best black alpaca, it was being turned and moderniscd, Miss Scraps having been suminmoned to aid on this important occasion. To them, thus moment. ously engaged, entered Mrs. Stowell, drop ping in on her way to tihe villige, to do a little "trading," ostensibly out of pore affection for Aunt Polly, butt really to crib a sleeve pattern gratis out of Miss Scraps. This little preliminary settled, Mrs. Stowell said " As I came down by the Lamberts thlere sat Laura at her frout window, as large as life prinked utp as much as I should be if I was going to tea at the minister's. You don't suppose they've got company, do you T" "La, no," replied Aunt Polly;" she sets there overy afternoon, fadin' her best carpet all out. I never iheerd anything to equal it." " Nothing's too good for some folks, you know," observed Mliss Scraps, with a spiteful snap of her scissors. "I shouldn't think Lance would allow it." suggested Mrs. Stowell. "That wan't old ilzs Lamabort's way of doing." A" llow it ! My, he thinks she's just right, and everything she says law and gospel !" " Well, they do say she makes a tip-top housekeeper, better. than folks thought for before they were married. Mrs. Jedediah Jones told me she gets fifty-fivo cents a pound for all her butter in Boston." " Fifty-five cents !" almost shrieked Aunt Polly, who had only fifty for hers. "'Yes, fifty-five cents. You see she fixes it all up in some sort of fancy balls. She's a regular manager, I tell you." So it will be seen Laura was gradually rising in popular esteem. It was a fact that the same system, judgment, patience, that had made her a successful teacher, also made her a good housekeeper. Instead of doing everything at the hardest, driving it through by main strength, she put some mind into her work, planned, had method and order, made her brains save her hands. But some sceptical reader may possibly suggest that the life of a farmer's wife does not consist entirely of sitting in ivy- wreathed parlours with bright bows on ; that there are certain disagreeable actualities of churnings, bakings, washings, pig-killings, hired men, not to be ignored. It is true it was not all sunshine. Few lives are. Keats says " Whore's the eye, however blue, Doth not weary P" So it may be presumed Laura did not escape her share of the discipline Life has for every station. Sometimes she was dreadfully tired, and consequently a little blue. Some times, after a hard diay's work, a dlay when she did not feel very well, and the children were cross, and everything went wrong-such days as will come occasionally in every house hold-she was tempted perhaps to look back half- regretfiully to the peaceful days of girl hood. But Lance was so good, so considerate. If Laura was a trifle cross, he discreetly said nothing, which course soon brought her to a very becoming state of humility and peni tence. I-e did not look upon woman's work as nothing, because different from his. IHe felt it right that Laura should have help in the house as he on the farm, even if in the end he held less bank stock and government bonds as a result. I-o actually thought more of his wife than of money. So if Laura were pecuniarily less profitable to him than big strapping Phemie Stowell would have been, and if Laura sometimes had her trials and vexations, yet they never regretted yield ing to the secret attraction of the strong love that drew them toward each other-a love that bound them only the more closely to each other as the years went on, and the experiences they brought were enjoyed and endured together. 