JP A-IRJUI A.M:JBJJN'a\l -0--. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tire SPEAKEIÍ took tho chair at twenty-seven 1 minutes past 7- j ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. 1 Mr. LORD, in nnswor to Mr. Greville, ssid-1. The secretary to tho Council of Education liad reported that tenders for printing had been drawn up in a schedule ; that tho rates previously charged by the Government printer were placed in an opposite column for comparison. The Government printer did not tender. 2. Tho ligures were given by the secretary to tho Council of Education. 3. Tho figures ¿552'1'Ss 2d represented the sum of the_ rates ordinarily chargnd by tho Government printer. Somo excessive charges wem discovered eighteen months or two years ngo. The actual amount was £314 9s ld. 4. The last account was rendered on the lOtlj September, 1870. Tho overcharge was deducted from tho amounts voted for education-for stores, for stationery, and for bock-binding. Sir J. MARTIN, in answer to »lr. King, for Mr. Onslow, said-1. John Farroll, who had recently received a lioense for a. public-houso, was convicted in 1804 of cattle-stealing. The sentence expired prior to his obtaining tho license. 2. Tho ; magistrates who granted tho license were Mosars. I John Evans, E. S. Hill, «nd John Kettle. 3. John Farrell's wife with his family resided in tho licensed house. 4. His son was charged with having por- tions of a carcass of a stolon beast in his possession. The justices not agreeing, the prisoner WOB discharged. 5\. Ono of tho magistrates then on the bench, Mr. Kettle, waB ono of thoso who granted the license to Farrell. C. Ho (tho Attorney-General) could take no steps against tho magistrates beyond recommending their removal from the commission of the pence; and ho would not bo justified in sucha step, unlesB it was shown that thoy had actod par- tially or corruptly. There was no evidence beforo him at prosent tó this effect ; but ho would cause inquiry to bo madu as to the circumstances in which the licenso was grunted. 7. Ho had received an officinl communicatio» from his Honor the Chief Justice. AMENDMENT OF THE LAW RELATING TO BLASPHEMY. Mr. AV. FORSTER brought up a bill to amend tho law relating to blasphemy. The bill was read a first time, and ordered to bo printed. The second reading waa mado an order of tho day for Friday weok. NEWCASTLE AUDIT BILL. Mr. LLOYD brought up the report of the select committoo on the Newcastle Speeinl 'Audit Bill, which was ordered to bo printed. PETITION PRINTED. The petition from W. R. Riley, relative to tho postal charge on newspapers, was ordered to bo printed. NUISANCE AT WILLIAM-STREET PUBLIC SO H OOO Mr. DRIVER moved tho adjournment of tho Houso. Ho did so in order to cull the attention of the Government to tho very disreputable condition of tho premisos in tho r sar of tho Public school in Williaui-strcot. If an improvement was not speedily made great loss of lifo would follow. Only to-day ont of tho scholars was taken homo very ill with favor, in consequence of tho disgusting condition of the closets. Tho inspoctor of nuisnnces had been endeavouring toinduco tho officers of tho Council of Education to tnko action in tbd matter. Sir J. MARTIN said ho would have thought that the Police Act would givo sufficient authority to tho corporation to enforce abatement of the nuisance. Mr. DRIVEIi : Wo had bettor summon'the whole Council of Education. Perhaps tho hon. gentleman (Sir J. Martin) would like to bo summonod. Sir J. 3IAHTIN said be wenld communicate with the Council of 1ducation on tho subject ; and no doubt somo remedy would bo nvmlind. WAYS AND MKANS.-IPOSITION OF AFFAIRS. Mr. LORD moved that the House go into Com- mittoo of Ways und Moans. Mr. BUCHANAN said he cune to the Houso at half-past 3. Somo ono told him the Houso had adjourned to 7 ; ho would not beliove that tho Parliament could ? ba guilty of such folly. Nero fiddled while Rome was burning, and thia Parliament went to a cricket match while this country was in the throes of a financial crisis. It was well that tho attention of tho country should ho attracted to this Parliament -a Parliament that ho had denounced ns unworthy of tho confidonco of tho country. It anything could sink th« Parliament deeper than before, it was thid proof of its frivolity and heedless- ness. Tia would say to tho Opposition-they had dono their duty. A majority of tho Houso, pledged as thoy worn to tho abolition of ad vulorem duties, had violated their pledgos. Mr. SPEAKER said tho hon. member was quito outofordor. It scorned ulmost impossiblo for the hon member to speak without using expressions that woro irregular. ' Mi\ BUCHANAN: Well, did you say, Sir, that lt was almost impossible for an honest mun to open his mouth in this House without speaking in con- demnation of this Parliament ? Sovoral mombnrs rose to order. Mr. HOSKINS said (be hon. mombor wns exceed- ing the bounds of proprioty. He appealed to tho Speaker whether tho hon. momhor ought not to bs required to withdraw tho words ho had used. Mr.- BUCHANAN said: I will not withdraw thom. I accused hon members-(loud cries of " Chair!") . Mr. SPEAKER said tho-House mot for tho con ductof publicbusiness,-not to havo accusations mada ono against another, hi the heat of debate one might occasionally bo carried uwftj ; but systematic abuse could not be tolerated. Mr. BUCHANAN said he charged hon. members with having brokon their pledges. Mr. SPEAKER said if the House desired to rostrum the hon. member, thoy must tuko some steps to do so. The hon. member must know that his' couran wits subversive of all ardor, and ugaiuat the rulos of the Houfo. Mr. BUCHANAN : That I dissent from, Sir. Instead of hoing; against tho rules-(loud crios of " Chair.") Mr. BUTLER said if tho observations wero at all rolovimt lo the qnestion, he did not seo how tho lauguairo was a violation of tho rules of tho House. Ho spoke in vindication of the freedom of debute. Mr. SPEAKER said no ono could bo moro nnxious than he was to abstain from nny infringo mont on tho freedom of dobato ; but it was not for tho freedom of dobato ¿bat langungo should be usod which would prevent hon. members tnkinur part in the debutos. Ho rend tho rulo of tho HOUBO of Commons, which, among other things, laid it down that inombers must not speak offensi vo and insulting word3 against tho character of tho House, or of any hon, mombnrs. Mr. BUCHANAN said he never listened to a more dastardly charco by a Minister of the Crown against any ono. Yot, ho added (addressing tho Ppoalcor) you, Sir, heard this dastardly and diabolical charge. Mr. SPEAKER said this was language that could not bo tolerated. Hon. 'members, if they desired him to koop tho place he ocoupiod, ought to enable him to protoct himself against being ooinpollcd to hear such language. [SEVEKAL VOICES : " Tho Promior ought to take the matter up."] Mr. BUCHANAN said ho waa surprised that tho Colonial Socrotary was not called to order when making a personal ohurge. This might bo called the Parliament. for tho abolition of tho ad valorem duties. The question carno to double tbo=o duties. Mr. SPEAKER said that question had not como beforo tho House. Mr., BUCHANAN said he was giving reasons why tho Houso should not now go into committee. Ho would henceforth havo nothing . to do with this tariff. Ho commended the example of Mr. W. Forstor and Mr. Sanvuol, in retiring, on different occas3ions from office, when' their naeasurcB were defoutcd. Ho recommended that the 'Opposition should ás a body leave the House, and lat just* . retribution fall on those members who were opposed to ad vulorom. duties, who would then be entirely in the power of tho Government. Whon the tariff was reported, tho Opposition should come, and by pro vonting all business, compel tho Government to have recourse to a dissolution. Mr. STEPHENS, road an extract from tho roports of tho Houso of Commons boaring upon thn point of order, some deprecatory remarks by 8ir Robert Peel relative to Mr. Home. Mr. BUTLER said tho hon. mombor had Rot un i a groat amountl of indignation; JIB (Mr. Butler) had' soma time ago ' spoken bf members who had broken their pledges, and - If caps were thrown about and fell on the hoads of hon. \- members and fitted them, it could not be. helped. It was said that some hon, members were pledger) to abolish ad valorem duties, and had strim voted in favour of them, liad not tho honorable, member so pledged himself ? [Mr. STBVHBN : "Ko; I never pledged myself. I have denied it several times."! Well, in that case the cap did not tit tho [ honorable member, and his sudden bunt of indigna- tion was inexplicable. If Mr. Hume had such a state of things to deal with as that at present before thia House, then the extract read would be applica- ble : hut there was no proof that such was tho case. [Mr. STBPHBX : " This abuse."] Who began thia abuse -this tempest in a teapot? The honorable gentleman, who, hoing incompetent to deal with public questions, would rise and speak on small matters. Mr. PIDDINGTON wished to know what differ- ence there was between the hon. member for Argyle and the hon. member for Mudgee. Ho considered them on a par. He accused the hon. momber for East Sydnvy of too frequently taking advantugo of moving tho adjournment of the Souse to lecture hon. members. [Mr. BUCHANAN roso to a point of order: He had never moved tho adjournment of tho House for such a purposo.] Ai regarded the hon. member for Argyle stating that tho House had broken its pledge, he denied it, and defied the hon. member to provo it. [Mr. FOBSTEU : " Ho is not . allowed to speak again."] In that oase, ho would ' challenge the hon. member for Queanbeyan to dis- prove it. The.statementinnde by a former Ministry, that £180,000 of ad valorara duties could bo given up without n deficit, was falso. [Mr. SAMUEL rose to order, and wished to know what difference thora wits between the statements made by the hon. member speaking, and those of previous hon. members? The hon. member accused a former Ministry of falschool.] Mr. SPEAKER ruled tho observations out of .order. Mr. PIDDINGTON had said at the timo that ho would be glad if ad valorem dutios could with safoty be done away with. Ho thought if tho hon. member had gone on he would huvo domanded 75t per cent, ad valorem duties. Tho Into Ministry liad circu- lated falsehoods throughout tho country. Mr. BnCHANAN roso to order, und would ask whnt difference there was between what ho bnd said and the remarks falling from* the hon. member? After some further remarks from hon. members, Mr. BROWN, at twenty-two minutes 'to 0 o'clock, called attention to tho fact that thero wero strangers in tho House, and the gnlleries were cleared. Tho following is a brief report of tho proceedings after tho naileries w ere cleared : Mr. PIDDINGTON and Mr. STEWART attacked Mr. S. Brown for clearing tho galleries. Mr. S. BROWN said that it uppcarcd to him they had arrived nt that stnto in tho Houso that hon. members only came to voto on thoir respective sides, and did not caro two straws what each other said. Ho was not ashamed of anything ho ovor said, or tho mannor in which ho voted ; for he would havo no hesitation in ropeating every word' beforo the gal- lery. But when an uncalled for attack was mado on an hon. member who was not there to defend him- self, bo (Mr. Brown) had the gnllories clenrod, par- ticularly that of the reporters, as ho had no desire to let it bo trumpeted by the press throughout tho country. [Mr. Windeyor having mado somn disparaging romark about tho attainments of Mr. S. Brown, tho latter replied by alluding to tho coat of Mr. Win deyor'a education to tho country.] Mr. WINDEYER asked why ho should bo attacked by tho hon. member for Newtown? Who and what was he (Mr S. Brown) thnt ho should blackguard him (Mr. Windeyor) in that mannor ? The member for Newtown wns a bore nnd n nuisanco to the Hom o on erory ocension. In regard to the objectionable words said to bo uttered by him ngainst Mr. Brown, he did not know if he really did use them. He might havo said something like thom, though they woro probably distorted, or only half was heard ncroBS tho table. Ho again asked, How dared tho hon. momber make that attack ? And he again asked, Who ishn, what wos ho, nnd where does ho como f om ? He who is so defective in eduontion. Waa ho over asked to bo a member of any Government, or would ho ever again stand a ghost of a chance to be rn-elcctod for Nowtown ? Ho (Mr. Windeyer) obtained his education by hts brains, 1 was always a friend of tho working mun, and never did anything throughout the wholo career of his lifo that wns disgraceful. He complimented the hon. membor for Mudgee, and satirically congratu- lated the momber for Nowtown on his achievement in succeeding in clearing the enlleries of strangers. Ho oxpressod surpriso at Mr. Butler showing such new-born zeal in defending Mr. Buchanan, who was clearly ont of order, ovor ready nnd rough, " with the manners of an hnlf-cducatod Irishman." Mr. W. FORSTER expressed an opinion thnt the speech of the Solicitor-General was exceedingly offensive, and if mnde outside would bo calculated to lead to a branch of the peace. Mr. HOSKINS said he bcliovod tho hon. mombor for Argyle to be a man of honour ; but thought ho had on that occasion unjustly risen to defend tho improper lnngungo of the mombor for East Sydney (Mr. Buchanan.) Aftor some further remarks from Mr. Samuel and other hon. mombcrs on tho question, Sir J. MARTIN moved the adjournment of tho Houso, which was carried. The House adjourned at fifteen minutes to ll, till td-morrow (Friday) at 3. 