ARRIVAL or THE EUROPEAN MAIL. The R.M.S. Nubia arrived at the Heads at 10 o'clock last night, and anchored until daylight. By special express from Queenscliff'and Geelong, we are in possession of the following letters of our London correspondents : LONDON, Aug. 11. THE MINISTERIAL COUP D'JETAT, Another constitutional crisis-another col- lision between the Lords and the Commons and this time the Upper House set aside by the Crown! The Times talks of a violent wrench to the constitution," and Liberals are not altogether agreed as to the conduct of the Ministry ; the Lords have since thrown out the Ballot Bill ; but we are not yet in the throes of dissolution ; we breathe freely, and believe that the national hoalth will survive the shock. Perhaps this pleasant break of summer weather, coming after weeks of cold and rainy waiting, contributes a little to our serenity, for Englishmen care more at this season for the harvest than for politics ; but in the Houses of Parliament there is still an unpleasant atmosphere. The produce of the session is much of it irretrievably damaged, and our legislators are grumbling over what has yet to bo done b efore they can gather in an average of fruits. The Army Regulation Bill was virtually re- jected by the Peers, who adopted the resolu- tion of the Duke of Richmond by a majority of 155 to 130 in favour of postponing the measure till " a complete and comprehensive scheme " could be brought in. The debate extended over three nights. The Duke of Cam- bridge, as commander-in-chief, gave a qualified support to the Government. "He did not pretend to justify purchase on principle ; but there could be no question that it had one merit-it produced a good flow of promotion. If the Government introduced a system of retirement which would continue, that flow, there could not be two opinions that it would be an advantage to abolish purchase" ' He considered that the offer of the Government was a liberal one. Lord Lawrence was more emphatic. "Everyone who had been behind the scenes must be aware how difficult it was in cases of emergency to find suitable officers. It was but human nature that men who were certain of their promotion should not give that time, that attention, and that labour to their profession which were essential to the attainment of excellence in it." Lord Derby had "the misfortune to differ from most of his friends," and supported the measure. Pur- chase was, in fact, like a dead horse-the animal might have every conceivable merit, but you could not bring him to life again. He would get rid of it while there was a chance of a liberal settlement, and it could be done without wrong or injustice. Lord Russell, while condemning purchase, thought the Government should produce a complete plan of reorganisation, and suggested many details of army reform. The Mar- quis of Salisbury' insisted with especial emphasis on the risks incurred by substi- tuting a system of selection, which would in- augurate almost inevitably a vast system of political corruption. "If you talk of 'seniority tempered by selection,' I fear that you will find the more correct formula to be 'stagnation tempered by jobbery.' " At the conclusion of tho debate, Earl Gran- ville referred to the relations of tho two Houses, and suggested that their lordships would do well "first of all, not unnecessarily to put themselves into collision with the House of Commons ; and, secondly, to reflect whether it was not dosirable when they did so, to feel somewhat assured that they would be sustained by the opinion of the country, and be able to secure their victory in some tangible form." The hint was not taken, and the amendment, carried by a majority of 25, was intended to be a final rejection of the bill. The Government met this vote by advising Her Majesty to take the decisive step of cancelling the Royal warrant by which pur- chase is legal. No time was lost. Tho bill was rejected by the Lords on Monday, July 1C ; on the following Thursday, Mr. Glad- stone, in answer to a formal question on the continuance of over-regulation pricos, an- nounced that "at the present moment purohuso in the army no longer oxists." He observed, that the question of army purchase was, not by the constitution merely, which assigned to the Executive the ordinary administration of the army, but by tho action of stituto, taken out of the hands of the Legislature. "By statute it is enacted that only such terms of purchase as it may please Her Ma- jesty to allow by Royal warrant shall be per- mitted. Tho effect of that enactment is that the existence of purchase, so far as its legisla- tive basis is concerned, is made to depend on the action of the Executive Government ; while so far as concerns the indemnity of those who have poid prices for commis- sions, that portion of tho Bubject belongs to the House of Commons. Nevertheless, the matter being one of so much magnitude and interest, the Government would not have thought it reasonable or competent for thom to take any important or vital step with re- spect to purchase without having recourse to the opinion of this Houso." That opinion having beon pronounced in such a manner that it was not incumbont to solicit another declaration, they had advised Her Majesty to this step. The now warrant had been prepared conformably to law, and would take effect from the 1st of Novembor noxt. " It is not for us, " he continued, " to say what courso tho House of Lords in those altorod circumstances may think fit to pursue. Wo, of course, trust that that august assembly may be disposed to proceed with the second reading and with the other stages of the bill, into which, with respect to tho money provi- sions of the bill, the Houso of Lords could not consistently with Parliamentary usage introduce any alteration, though in other re- spects it is open to that House to uso its own discretion in dooling with the measure. It is not for me to presumo to anticipate the par- ticular courso which will bo takon by tho Houso of Lords, but, in considering this matter, wo have no othor object in view but simplicity, despatch, tho observance of con- stitutional usage." Loud cheers greeted Mr. Gladstono as ho sat down. Lord Elcho challenged tho phraso "observance of constitutional usage," but the Premior only reitorated it. Mr, Dis- raeli immediately rose, and with some vehemence characterised the communi- cation of tho Primo Minister as "ono of the most important over offered to the House." Ho complainod that, even in the manner of the communication, tho Houso had not boen treated with rospoct. It was, a very high-handed courso to advise Hor Ma- jesty to exorcise the prorogative ; its legality might bo reserved for future consideration; but why, if tho Government could deal with tho question in this mannor, had they not so dealt with it in the first instance? Why not save that " paralysis of Parliament during tho last six months, which was mainly caused by appealing to the Houso of Commons to pass the Army Regulation Bill. Lord Elcho, who considered tho whole proceoding a coup d'étal, asked whether tho Ministry would givo tho House an opportunity of expressing its opinion. Mr. Gladstono, in reply, rather courted a motion of want of confidence, and was very severe upon Mr. Disraeli's strictures, A brief but animated debate ensued, in which sevoral speakers, who disapproved of the conduct of the Lords, maintained that they had not exceeded their constitutional right. At a later period of the evening, during the discussion of the Ballot Bill, a romark of Mr. Forster, to the effect that the Govom mont would leave to the other Houso the responsibility of rejecting it, again brought up Mr. Disraeli. He deprecated any allusion to what bad occurred-" for anything moro disgraceful to tho Houso of Commons had never happened, or any- thing which, nnless checked, was moro likely to paralyso the liberties of this country." But when he went on to speak of " the wholo thing as part of an avowed and shameful conspiracy against tho. privileges of the other House of Parliament,' lie was callod to order by the Chairman of Committee, and with- drew tho expression. In tho Upper Houso there was less excite ment. Earl Granvillo explained tho posi- tion; tho Duko of Richmond reserved his opinion ; tho Marquis of Salisbury com- plained that, in being askod to discuss the question at all, their Lordships bad boon maia the victims of a sort of practical joke. .Two or three nights later, the Dake of Richmond gave notice of a motion, equivalent to a voto of censuro, to accompany the second reading of the bill. It was evident that the abolition of purchase simply by warrant left the officers without compensation, and the Peers were thoreforo reduced to the alternative of re- suming the consideration oí the bill, which they had dropped. Accordingly, the Dake of Richmond lost week proposed the following resolution : "That this House, before assenting to the second reading of the Army Regulation Bill, desires to express its opinion that the inter- position of the Executive during the progress of a measure submitted to Parliament by Her Majesty, in order to attain, by the exercise of the prerogative, and without the aid of Par- liament, the principal object included in that measure, is calculated to depreciate and neutralise the independent action of the* Legislature, and is strongly to be con' doomed." The speaking was of more than usual force. Earl Granville denied that the Government had mado a mere use of the naked prerogative of the Crown, and as to the apparent inconsistency in appealing to the Crown at a later stago, suggested that so far from an insult, it was rather a compli- ment to ask Parliament to embody an un- doubted prerogative in a bill. Tbo Duke of Argyll maintained that the vote of the Lords was unconstitutional, as it was a voto of want of confidence passed by the weaker House ; and also interfered with tho Royal power of regulating tbo army. Other argu- ments wero used to defend the Government ; but, on the contrary side, strong things were said. Lord Salisbury complained that the Government had called up a prerogative dor- mant for 150 years ; had submitted a bill to Parliament, and then acted without Parlia- ment; and had failed in common courtesies. "If the Lords were only to exercise their authority by sacrificing thoir opinions, was it worth while to exercise it at all V Lord Derby, who had approved the abolition of purchase, heartily joined in the voto of consure, if only to show that "power is not right, that astuteness is not statesmanship, and that sharp practico docs not pay.' Lord Cairns, who closed the debate on the Opposition side, was equally pointed. "Readyour bill a second time," he said to the Government, " but take with it the cen- sure and condemnation of this House-cen- suro and condemnation which I am persuaded will be approved by the deliberate opinion of the country, and confirmed by the verdict of history-censure and condemnation that at a crisis which demanded tho wisdom andthofor bearanco of statesmen, you, with the petu lan co and recklessness of children, in order to obtain an apparent and an unreal triumph at the moment, permanently violated and wantonly strained the Constitution of your country." Every effort had been made to secure a largo majority, and though not much more than half the Peers wore present, tho resolu- tion of censure was carried by 1C2 to 82. The Array Regulation Bill was afterwards read a second time ; and has since boen read a third time, and passed. THE BALLOT. The Elections Bill, tho chief remaining feature of which was tbo ballot, passed the Houso of Commons on tho 8th inst, after protracted and irritating debates. Mr. Disraeli seized the occasion to deliver one of bis most caustic speeches, and to justify bis party from the charge of factious opposition, He again commented on the delays in public business caused by the attempt to force this moasuro, and, after sevorely roviowing the conduct of Ministers, he concluded by saying that, if the bill passed, it would be a retrograde step, "in divorcing political life from publicity. Without publicity there can bo no public spirit, and without public spirit ovory nation must decoy," He made ropoated reference to what ho called tho Pythagorean discipline of the Premier, referring to tho manner in which it was proposed to moot all attempts to " talk out" the subject bysilenco. TheHousolaughod loudly at some of his allusions. "The right bon. gentleman," he said, "seems to have adopted the principio of Pythagoras for the foundation of his party discipline-who said that 'tho basis of success was silence' (much cheering and laughter)-although I thought at the time tho pro to typo adopted was not a happy ono, bocause, so fur as we can havo accurate information of what oc- curred in so distant an epoch, it is understood, I beliovo, that Pythagoras was not a disoiple ot the ballot, I believe the most learned commentators upon his careor aro of opinion that ho would not havo supported this bill (laughter and cheers)-if, indeed, tho right interpretation of his great apophthegm was ' Beware of beans J' " Mr. Gladstone retorted with much vehemence, and finished by strongly urging the claim of the bill to the consideration of tho Upper Houso. There wcro as many as 73 divisions upon the bill while bofore tho Commons, but the main principles were affirmed by large majorities. Tho proposal, howover, to throw tho oxpenses of elections upon the ratos was rejeoted by 2E5G to 100. When the bill came up lost night for second reading in the House of Lords, the Earl of Shaftesbury proposed that it be read a socond time that day six months. Ho protested against the peers being called upon to discuss such a question at this period of the session, but was careful to dis- claim "all party or political" motive in his opposition. Ho objected to the peers being treated as mero lackeys in the ante- chamber of the Commons. The Lower Houso had dovotcd two months to this moa- suro, and they woro oxpectod to dismiss it in two days, or to prolong the session at the most unseasonable time. The bill was thrown out by a majority of 49; but in a Braall house, tho numbers being 97 to 'l8. Earl Granvillo pleaded in vain that the time and hard labour given by the Commons might not be utterly lost. This last aot will do moro to render tile House of Lords unpopular with the constituencies, and will provolio amore lively agitation than anything of late years. It is strongly urged that the most leisurely Houso is bound to considor, not its convenience but its duty to tho country that it could well devote a portion of this month to tho subject, and that this slight tax upon its self-denial is not worth putting in the balunce against the great wrong which is dono to the peoplo by wasting tho time of Parlia- ment, and in two hours destroying the work of two months. So runs tho argument, but there issomothing to bo said for tho lords human nature rebels undor HU cb boat as wo are this wook enduring. The common-senso solution would seem to bo to provide some mothod by which the work of our session can be safely carried ovor into another yoar-re- served for completion rather than altogether set aside. PRINCE ARTHUR'S ANNUITY. The proposal to grant an annuity to Princo Arthur has been followed by an agitation similar to that which opposed tho dowry to the Princess Louise. Wo have had tho samo homilies on the duty of the court, and the samo speculations as to the private wealth of tho Quoen. Amongst the working classes there, is a strong under-current of feeling hostile to monarchical expenses. In tho House of Commons thoro was somo opposition. A curious mistake was made when tho mossago from Her Majesty was first brought in. The Speaker read :-"Hor Majesty being desirous to make a competent provision for the honourable support and maintonanco of her third son, Princo Arthur William Patrick Albort, on hiscoming of ago, relies vpon the attachment of tita Honst of Lords to concur in the adoption of such mea- sures as may be suitable to the occasion." It was ovident that tho mossago intended for the Peers bud found its way into the wrong plaeo, but considering tho rotations of tho two Houses, tho hope expressed of their concur« renee was too ludicrous, and the sentence closed amid roars of laughter. It was au error soon rectified by tho rocovory of the proper document, A few days later Mr. Gladstone proposod the grant of an annuity of £15,000, to commonco from the dato of Princo Arthur's majority. I need not recapitulate tho arguments and pro- cedente which ho quoted to justify his com- parison with former reigns. Mr, Petor Taylor again led the opposition. Ho said it was a complimontof tho most sinister description, by such a vote to suggest that a son of the sovo ? reign could find no useful place for his energy una capacity; tosay tohim virtually, whiloovery arena of useful and honourable exertion was open to him, ' ' Nothing ia oxpectod from you, and we make you a burden upon tho state," and a pensioner upon tho people. Mr. Dixon, in- moving tho reduction of tho vote to -10,000, said that "if tho hospitality of ¡tho Crown, which bad boen materially diminished since the death of tho Princo Consort, could be restored, the expression of dissatisfaction by tho leading journals, and by the middlo as well as tho working classes, would bo materially diminished ; but ho bo lieved tho impression mudo upon tho working classes by tim retirement of the Queen wa» that, politically .peaking, no disadvantage liad reshlted to the country, and that a con- siderable savirigmightbe effected by dispensing with the performance of those duties which OTer Majesty was'called upori'toperform." i Mr. "Disraeli preferred Mr. Taylor's proposal ! to such a reduction, and made a point in favour of the annuity by quoting figures : "This surrender by Her Ma^jsty of her here- ditary estate is a surrender of net revenue since the accession of Her Majesty of not less than £150,000 per annum. Now, if the Queen, when that settlement of the civil list was made, had reserved to herself a privilege and right which the late Lord Bessborough in- formed me in conversation he had suggested -namely, the powor of charging her real estate under the same conditions and liabili- ties which apply to almost all possessors of life estates in favour of her younger children, the charge on these estates would now be £69,000 per annum-that is to say, upon an estate which since that settlement has in- creased to £150,000." Finally, the vote was carried by a large majority, there being, however, a minority of 11, amongst whom the best-known names perhaps were those of Sir C. Dilke and Pro- fessor fawcett. In the Lords the proposal was adopted without challenge. Earl Granville did not exceed the truth when he said of the Prince that "there were few young men in any section of society who had obtained more generally the respect and goodwill of those with whom he had associated." But this fact had not the least weakened the popular objection to another annuity. There are many who think that, having regard to public feeling, it will be necessary on any1 futuro remodelling of the civil list, to arrango that the heir only be provided for by the nation, and that a margin of private re- sources be left for the younger children. On the night of the debate thero was to be a " demonstration " in Trafalgar square against the annuity. But the leaders of this move- ment were served with notices by the police that no such meeting would be allowed, as it-was contrary to law to assemble "with- in one mile of the Houses of Parlia- ment during the sitting of Parliament." -Large bodies of police were also con- centrated in the neighbourhood of the square; but before evening arrived it was rumoured that the Government had changed its mind, and would not interfere " unless the peace was broken." Messengers were sent to inform the intending speakers, who were fully resolved to defy any prohibition, and keep within their view of legal right. They abandoned the idea of present- ing a petition to Parliament, and on this ground, as was afterwards explained in the House, the Government withdrew its objections. Meanwhile the possibility of a collision had drawn together one of the laTgest gatherings of recent years. It is said that there were at least 20,000 people collected in the Square, although but a few hundreds constituted the meeting proper. The conduct of the police is justly criticised, for the business wossoraanagedthattheimpression was general that they had given way before the resolute words of Mr. Bradlaugh ; and nothing would more surely bring us under mob rule than such vacillation-a sudden prohibition and its as sudden withdrawal. The lions at the base of the Nelson column are the favourite supporters of our Republican orators, for the granite pedestal on which they rest makes an excellent plat- form. Mr. Bradlaugh's advent by their sido was greeted with vociferous cheers, and he was not sparing in caustic and defiant words. "I am here to-night," he said, " simply because Her Mojesty's Government decided this morning that wo had no right to come here." Mr. Odger and others spoke in condemnation of the proposed annuity. There were cheers for Mr. Taylor, Mr, Fawcett, and Sir Charles Dilke ; but no resolution was passed, so as to keep the meeting beyond T>he power of the law. Mr. Odger was followed on his way homeward by some 2,000 peoplo, who sang the "Marseillaise" with much warmth. Throughout tho evening all the approaches to the Houses of Parliament wero closely guarded by the police. Here let mo note that the freedom of the City of London has been presented to Prince Arthur, ROYAL VISITORS IN IRELAND. Dublin has been honoured with a visit from the Prince of Wales, Prince Arthur, the Princess Louise, and the Marquis of Lorn, and lost week was dedicated to a round of festivities. They were received at Kings- town by the Lord Lieutenant, and conducted to the vice-regal lodge, through a concourse of enthusiastic spectators. On their landing, the Royal visitors stood together, the three bowing repeatedly to the cheers of welcome, but the Marquis of Lornmakingno sign until a warm-hearted bystander cried. "The Mar- kies is over-modest ; give three cheers for the Markiss of Lorn 1" which demand was heartily responded to, and smilingly acknowledged. There were addresses, balls, reviews, and various public gatherings ; schools and hospi- tals wero visited : there was an investiture of the Order of St. Patrick, a deputation from the Irish Freemasons, and the princes showed themselves in other public ceremonials. The streets were hung with Hags, and there was every exhibition of exuberant loyalty. The conduct of the people was strictly scrutinised, and as cordial as the Royal party could de- sire, though it is said that it was chiefly the upper classes who showed enthusiasm, and that the disaffected Nationalists kept out of the way. THE RIOT IN PHCENIX-PARK. One sad occurrence marred at the last the haimonious enjoymont of the visit. wThe Nationalist party, under the leadership of Mr. Smyth, the newly-elected member for Westmeath, had planned a meeting last Sunday in the Phoanix-park, to advocate the release of the Fenian prisoners. A letter had previously been addressed to tho Princess Louise, who had replied that it was impossible for her to take action on this question, as it could be dealt with only by the Government. The spot chosen for the demonstration was around the base of the Wellington monument, within sight of the Viceregal Lodge, where the Royal party were staying. Notices wero issued pro- hibiting the meeting, but its promoters de- termined to persevere, and assert their right to the use of the public park. The result was a collision with the police, the first constable who approached being thrown down by the pressure of the crowd, apparently without intention, but afterwards being very cruelly treated, while his comrades, coming to the rescue, used their staves with indiscriminate violence. A fierce fight ensued, and as the peoplo wero driven back upon the road, which had been lately mended, there was much stone-throwing. Many per- sons wero very seriously injured, and windows wero broken along tho route of the rotreatiug crowd. The windows, indeed, of one estab- lishment which the Princes had visited were completely smashed. Uno child was killed, The conductof the police is severely censured ; and the Executive, also, aro blamed for pro hibjting the meeting. The projectors say tbat there is one law for London, and another for Dnblin ; ono for Hydu-park and Trafalgar square, and another for the Pbcenix-park and The Times has committed itself to this view. They plead also that their object was a poacoablo demonstration, in hopo of influ- encing tho Royal visitors favourably to their view. On thu other hand, it is stated that a special law exists prohibiting political meet- ings in the Phonix-park, and that the real object of this movement was to provoke a hostile demonstration to counterbalance the enthusiasm of tho recoptiou given to the Princos. The matter will bo brought under the notice of Parliament. During the month a policeman, who had been active in discovering and arresting tho Fenian conspirators, had boen shot dead in the streets of Dublin. A visit to Ireland is, even aftor recent legislation, not without its risks. IRISH RIOT IN NEW YORK. In Ireland the 12th of July passed over without disaster ; but not so in New York. It would appear that Irishmen carry their animosities across tho Atlantic. The Orange- men had notified their intention to parade, and steps wero taken to preserve the peace. But from tho first a threatening mob gave the polico"much trouble; one party attempted to seize the arms in a Fenian armoury, another distributed pistols, knives, and othor weapons in an Irish district, and there was soma hard cudgelling before these crowds could be dispersed. The procession started in the afternoon with one regiment in front and two in the rear, and an accompaniment of policemen on either side to clear the streets as it advanced. A stray shot or two increased the excitoment ; the crowd pressed densely on the line of march, and tho polico soon found themselves involved in a sort of running fight, When the Orangemon wero opposite Twcnty-fonrth-street, the column halted. A shot was fired from an upper story of a building, at the north-east corner. "Simul taneously," says one account, "shots were fired from near Twenty-fifth-street. The 81th Regiment received'the first shot, arid many of. the men aimed at the windows as if expecting orders to fuel In^â-Tinsfaçt one gun was discharged,'' and-th'en"followedJa_ irregular volley ¿Jong the line, a few men loading and firing a second time." So sudden was tho occurrence that the J Officers were taken by surprise ; but as soon as possible they rushod among the men to stop firing. As soon as the smoke cleared, nine,bodies, one, of them that of a woman, .were, seen lying' upon the pavement in front of the house from which a shot had been fired. The New York accounts say :-" Forjv few moments the roar of guns was incessant. The firing over, there was a pause of several minutes, during which a further, attack of the. Hibernians was awaited, while the troops were brought to 1 attention,' after re-loading their guns. .No regard was paid to the wounded and dying for several minutes. General Varian, indignant' at the action of the 84th Regiment ia firing, without orders, ordered it to the reaï, and' brought up tho 9th to take its place on tho7 left of the Orangemen. The processiqn then moved on. The passion of the mob appeared to have greatly subsided. Asthe procession turned into Fourth-avenue, a single shot was fired in the crowd, but did not appear to have been aimed at the Orangemen or their escort. The stores and saloons were closed all along Broadway. The Orangemen/uiietly disbanded here, doffed their regalia, and were soon lost in the crowd. Abont 100 persons'were'shot and wounded, including nine soldiers of the regulars, and a number of women." Thirty-one persons were killed; Such an event would have filled a large space in our newspapers, but after recent Communist atrocities, and tho battle-fields of the lo3t 3 ear, it seems dwarfed into insignificance. ' THE BRITISH ASSOCIATION. Edinburgh this month is the favoured city of science and of literature. The British Asso- ciation has held its annualgathering there, with more than usualsuccess, and this week theScott Centenary has been celebrated there with much enthusiasm. Sir William Thomson, as the new president of the association, gavo its naugural address, and startled his auditors by the brilliance and audacity of his imagina- tion. The early portion of his address was occupied with scientific facts and specula- tions of great interest-with the question, for example, as to what causes the boat of the sun, which was answered by the conjecture that it is now " an incan- descent mass cooling." But it was in the closing sentences that the President broached his most startling hypothesis. Dealing with the much-debated subject of the origin of life, he avowed himself an evolutionist, though not accepting the Darwinian theory os a complete explanation. As regards the doctrine of natural selection, he adopted the critioism of Sir John Her- schel-"That it was too like the Laputan method of making books, and did not suffi- ciently take into account a 'continually guiding and controlling intelligence." I must give in his own words the remarkable passage in which he suggests another possibility for the origin of life on this earth, premising only that itisoneof the boldest utterances that ever came from a man of science, and that as le gnrds the larger question of the original life, it but removes all problems to another sphere, and, in fact, reproduces again the old story of tho elephant and the tortoise :-"When a lava stream flows down the sides of Vesuvius or Etna it quickly cools and becomes solid, and after a few weeks or years it teems with vegetable and animal life, which, for it, ori- ginated by the transport of seed and ova, and by tho migration of individual living crea- tures. When a volcanic island springs up fronj tn.e sen, and after ya few years is found clothed with vegetation, wo do hesitate to assume that seed has been wafted to it through the air, or floated to it on rafts. Is it not possible, and if possible, is it not probable, that the begin- ning of vegetable life on the earth is to be similarly explained ? Every year thousands, probably millions, of fragments of solid matter fall upon the earth. Whence came these fragments ? What is tho previous history of any one of thom ? Was it created in the be- ginning of time an amorphous moss 1 This idea is so unacceptable that, tacitly or ex- plicitly, all men discard it. It is often assumed that all, and it is certain that some, meteoric stones are fragments which had been broken off from greater masses and launched free into space. It is as sure that collisions must occur between great masses moving through space as it is that ships steered without intelligence directed to prevent collision, could not cross and recross the Atlantic for thousands of years with im- munity ,from collisions. When two great masses como into collision in space it is cer- tain that a large part of each is melted ; but it seems also quite certain that in t many cases a largo quantity of débris must be shot forth in all directions, much of which may have experienced no greater violence than individual pieces of rock experience in a landslip or in blasting by gunpowder. Should the time when this earth comes into colusión with another body, com- parable in dimensions to itself, be when it is still clothed as at present with vegetation, many . great and small fragments carrying eueù ana living plants and animals would undoubtedly be scattered through space. Hence and because we all confidently believe that there are at present, and have been from time immemorial, many worlds of life besides our own, we must regard it as'probable in the highest degree that there are countless seed bearing meteoric stones moving aboutthrough space. If at the present instant no life oxistod upon this earth, one such stone falling upon itmight, by what we blindly call natural causos, lead to its becoming covered with vegetation. I am fully conscious of the many scientific ob- jections which may be urged against this hypothesis, but I believe them to be all answerable. I have already taxed your patience too severely to allow me to think of discussing any of them on tho present occa- sion« The hypothesis that life originated on this earth through moss- grown fragments from the ruins of another world may seem wild "and visionary ; all that I maintain is, that it is not unscientific." THE SCOTÏTENTENARY. The birthday of t Sir Walter Scott, by a happy coincidence, fell within the period appointed for the meeting of the Bri- tish Association, and additional éclat was thereby given to his Centenary. I will not attempt to condense for your readers the many things which have been fe aid by voice and pen of this great writer, who, after Shakspeare and Burns, deserves more, perhaps, than any other star of literature the honours which are paid to his momory. Edinburgh kept general holiday on the 9th inst, and at the evening banquot, in tho great hall of the Corn Exchange, there was a brilliant gathoring. The Earl of Dalkeith presided, and Sir W. Stirling Maxwell gave the toast of the evening, "The Memory of Sir Walter Scott." Tho' Lord Justice Clerk, Dean Stanley, Mr. Cyrus Field (for America), and Lord Houghton, were among tbo speakers, and their speeches were of a much more elaborate order than is usual at public festivals. There were celebra- tions also at Glasgow and other towns'. In London we havo had our dinners and' our " Waverley balls." In New York a statue is to bo unveiled. POPULAR EDUCATION. The country is now settling to work under tho Education Act of last year.. The school board system has been adopted in all the chief towns, and already a population of more than8,000,000 has boen brought under its action. The discussions which have ac- companied the elections of local boards, and have inaugurated their first meet ings, have themselves had' an educa- tional value, creating new interests, .and serving to bring disputed principles 'into clearer light. The London School Board, which some time sinco decided to use the Bible in its schools, has now agreed to pormit bymns and prayors, uudor such restrictions as shall keep out denominationalism. Its agents aro already at work in the streets, picking up " gutter children," and enforcing the Indus- trial Schools Act. The education grant voted by Parliament is this year nearly 60 per cent. I in advance of last year's grant. This increase is in tho main duo to tho number of new " voluntary"ordonominationol schools started under the recent movement. THE COMMUNIST TRIALS. In France, public attention is this week directed to the trial of the Communist pri- soners, which commenced on tho 7th inst., at Versailles. Seventeen Communal prisoners wore placed at the bar. Thoy are charged with inciting to civil war, usurping powers, and using orders, tbo consequences of which were devastation, massacre, pillage, arson, and assassination. Special charges are made against somo of them. ' The tribunal before < which they are to be tried consists-of seven" officers, under the presidency of tt Colonel Merlin. The Times' correspondent gives a lively sketch of the appearance and bearing of the principal offenders :- .' ' i . V Rastoul has the appearance of a doctor, clean and serious. Grousset wears grey gloves, and his hair is carefully dressed. He has a turndown collar, and a frock coat but- toned closely to the figure. Courbet, the painter,ihas fallen away, and, his hair has I become almost white. Ho replies clearly to all the questions of identity which are put to him. Regère insists upon one point-that he lives upon his property. Billioray is decidedly not tbe same person as that Paris hurdy gurdy player for whom he has been taken ; he is tall, fair, and wears only a moustache and bar- biche. Lullier will apparently save himself by the melancholy excuse of persistent madness. He is ugly, with a harsh look, and a move- ment of the jaws which has the worst pos- sible effect beneath his heavy and freshly shaven cheeks. Ferré is little and ill favoured. Assi has a uno head, and he knows it.- Verdure has a frank air, and seems almost unconcerned with what is going on. Jourde, fair and long-haired, is very thin ; j his features are good, his eyes intelligent, and his whole physiognomy subject to rapid vari- ations. Scarcely have they taken their places 1 than the accused begin to read what are evi- dently the day's newspapers, with which they had been supplied by their counsel." In another letter, describing a visit to the 'prison, the same writer touches a more sombre vein :-" There was something inox pressibly touching in Rossel's whole attitude and bearing. One instinctively felt that be was a gentleman. He has made up his mind for the fate that is in store for him. His case is the most desperate of all. He describes it thus :-' I have clayed ; I have lost, and I want to pay.' He indulges in no illusion, and it would seem impossible that he can escape the penalty of death. Two minutes after came Ulysse Parent, who is accused of many acts of incendiarism, and the facsimile of whose order for the burning of the ' Quartier de la Bourse ' has been published and sold. He is a short thick- set, somewhat trucu- lent looking man, with nothing very remark- able about him. It was very different with Rochefort, who followed bim, and who turned a wild, haggard look upon us as he passed. I had so placed myself as to be unobserved by the prisoners, and, excepting in this case, I had succeeded ; but Rochefort's restless eye was everywhere, and he turned upon me a look so full of anguish that it remains stamped upon my memory. He had only just been made acquainted with his acte d'accusa- tion. Paschal Grousset, who next appeared, is a slight, youngish man, whose manner indi- cated nothing, except possibly a certain légèreté of character. Assi came up dressed in the full uniform of a National Guard, and apparentlyenjoying hugely some joke which he was having with his guardian. So little like the others was he that for a moment I did not perceive that he was a prisoner at all, and he walked the wholo length of the corridor laughing and chatting with the most jaunty air imaginable, and yet there ore few of the leaders who have a worse chance than Assi. I asked if there was an explanation for his cheerfulness, and was informed that he was essentially a poseur, and did everything for effect." Assi has borne himself in a similar style throughout the trial, with complete self possession and a confident air. There arc so large a number of other prisoners-32,000 it is said, though it seems incredible-and the process is so tedious, that application will be made to the Assembly to pass a special rule for the management of these trials. THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY. M. Gambetta has not yet exerted much in- fluence in the National Assembly, although rumours have been rife as to his intentions, and at one time he was by many suspected of meditating a coup d'état by the aid of the army, M, Thiers has had to encounter a difficulty of another sort. M. Jules Favre, after long hesitation, has at length in- sisted on resigning his post as Minister of Foreign Affairs. The Government of tho National Defence has failed to make good its claim to popular favour ; frauds and grave abuses have been brought to light, which were porpetrated auder its name, even in the extremity of the war ; and whatever the services of M. Jules Favre, they are not very gratefully remem- bered. M. Charles de Remusat, whose name is more familiar in literature than poli- tics, is the new Foreign Minister, bat he was Minister of tbe Interior in the Cabinet of M. Thiers in 18Í0. He is, like his chief, 74 years of age. The latest propo- sition is to make M. Thiers President of tho French Republic for a term of years, dependent on the dissolution of the Assembly. Another subject much discussed has been the indemnity asked for the provinces for the losses sustained in tho war on behalf of all France. Paris also puts in her claim for compensation. A bill has now been passed promising 100,000,000f., to be at once distri- buted amongst the most needy coses. Mean- while the lirst milliard has been poid to Germany^ Rouen and Amiens^ have been evacuated, but. St. Denis is still occupied, and there remain at least 150,000 foreign soldiers on French soil, whose daily rations are costing France noarly £12,000 per day. Arrangements, however, are almost com I pleted according to which the Germans will withdraw into Champague. One word is due, before I pass from these days of the war, to another subject associated with the remembrance of Imperial mistakes. The Court of Cassation 'has justified M. Devienne for the course he took in endea- vouring to hush up the scandal as to tho birth of an illegitimate son to the Emperor, at the time when the Empress took flight, some j ears ago, in anger, to Scotland. The facts aro now all unveiled in the judgment of the court. THE "TEMPORAL POWER." Tho'debate which has excited most interest in the Chamber related to the temporal power of the Pope, and was occasioned by the nume- rous petitions presented from archbishops and bishops for its re-establishment. All the avenues around were thronged with ecclesi- astics, and the scene within was one of groat agitation. "Four times," says a cor- respondent who was present, "did M. Thiers ascend the tribune in person in the midBt of confusion and turmoil which even his potent influence was unable to con- trol ; and four times did he appeal to the jealous and irritable majority from whom he holds his power not to force upon him con- clusions to which he neither could nor would assent." M. Thiers spoke of the unity of Italy as an accomplished and recognised fact ; he had opposed it, foreseeing that the unity of Germany must follow; but now it was im- possible not to accept it. The speech of tho Bishop of Orleans was full of fire and passion, and greatly moved the Assembly. When ho , exclaimed "God awaits France, and France awaits Godl" he was interrupted with enthusiastic cheers. M. Gambetta was greeted with very hostile manifestations ; when he announced his adherence to the resolution of the Go- vernment, a leading member of the Right made that a pretext of withdrawal. Once when he appeared in the tribune, he was met with the cry, "You havo spoken five times already ; wo are not at Bordeaux ; we will have no dictator hore," Practically, the debate had no issue, except as showing the temper of the Assembly. M. Tbiors was ready to defend the inde- pendence of the Holy See, but only so far us general policy allowed ; and he was emphatic in urging that "it was not enough not to desire war ; what was required was a policy which would not compromise peace. In fact, Franco for the present is powerless. It is worth noting that the National As- sembly 'numbers more than 70 Protestants among its members-a proportion largor than the Protestant portion of the population ; and that M. Edmond de Fresscnse, ono of the ablest Protestant ministers in Paris, was re- turned forthat city, noar the head of tho poll, in the supplementary elections. RELIGIOUS MOVEMENT IN GERMANY. Tho excommunica ted Dr.'Dbllinger has boon elected rector for the University of Munich, the capital of Bavaria, by 54 votes against C, there being but 78 professors entitled to voto. This fact is a significant measure of the strength of the movement which is now commencing in Germany against the Infalli- bility dogma. The civil power also is lending its support to the recalcitrant priests. In Upper Silesia, one Kanimski was excommuni- cated by his bishop ; an appeal was made to the Government, and a document procured confirming him in his church, whero ho continues to preach, to crowded audiences. Similarly, the Prussian Minister upholds Dr. Wellman against the major excommunication pronounced on him by tbe Bishop of Ermelana. These ecclesiastic penal- ties carry too far, and involve so many who have dealings with the heretics in their 1 denunciations that they only excite the anger of theïeople. " The heaviest blow^whiphihas yet fallen upon the Irifallibilists"coinés from_ ' Prince Bismarck himself. Hithertoj the two 'great church bodies in Prussia have each had their separate systems and distinct manage- ment. There is now to be but ono depart- ment of " religion," equally working for both Protestant and Catholic; the head of the Catholic department has been dismissed, and his office is now extinguished. The Govern- ment thus tightens its hold over the disci- plinary powers of the church, and plainly intimates its intention to disallow all foreign intervention in ecclesiastical affairs. The bishops in Prussia will shortly all meet, to take into consideration the present condi- tion of Catholicism. The "Old Catholics" as tho anti- Infallibilists style themselves, in opposition to the " Neo Catholics" of the Oecumenical Council, are about to hold a national congress at Munich. In Vienna, the same party has published a programme of the reforms they desire. Amongst them are the following:-"That the priests should be elected by their parishioners. That celibacy among the clergy should be abolished, every priest having the right of marrying, as during the first 10 centuries of Christi- anity. That auricular confession should be abolished ; that church holidays and pro- cessions which take people away from their work should cease; that the adoration of images should be discouraged ; and that all deceptions practised by means of relics should be punished by the state." The movement extends also into Switzerland. The Pope could not have given surer evidence of fallibility than in promulgating this Infallibility. The loss of the temporal power left him free to reassert his spiritual power, and acquire an ascendancy greater than any pretension to earthly rule could give him, but by this act he has struck directly at the root of his own supremacy. In reply to an address from the Academia di Religiono Catholics, the Pope complains that it is insinuated that among the rights which spring from that infallibility is that of 'deposing Sovereigns and of releasing the people from the oath of fidelity. "It is true," he says, "that this right has been more than once exercised by the Supreme Pontiffs ; but it has no direct connexion with the infallibility of the Popes, nor with the dogmatic definition of that infallibility.When, in virtue of the public law then in forco, and of the understanding of the Christian nations, the Popes were considered as the supreme judges of Christianity, they exercised also a civil jurisdiction over princes and states. The conditions of the times are now changed, and only malice could confound the infallible decisions of the Pontiffs in matters of faith with a right which they were formerly called upon by the voice of the people to exercise for the common welfare, but which the Supreme Pontiff in the present day has no intention of exercising." MISCELLANEOUS NOTES. The misadventures of the navy and army have furnished a fruitful subject for conver- sation at home. There wt ; to have been an autumnal campaign in Berkshire, on the Prussian system, for the education of the troops in field manoeuvring, but the project has fallen through, and the conduct of the War department has been severely criticised. At first is was said that the lateness of the harvest would prevent the movements con- templated, but the Berkshire farmers would novbear, of this excuse. Then it was admitted that the transport and commissariat depart- ments were not prepared, and various other reasons were ureed for the abandonment of the plan, and limiting the manouvres this year to the neighbourhood of Aldershot. Gol Anson last night proposed a vote of censure on tho department, bat after explanations withdrew his resolution. The loss of the Megrera, and the debate on the loss of the Captain, have served to strengthen the public distrust of the two services. Neither aro we well pleased with the finding of the court martial in the case of the Agincourt. That costly vessel was stranded on tho well known Pearl Rock, in broad day, and with no conceivable excuse ; but the captain and the chief navigation officer have only been " severely reprimanded," and the second executive officer " admonished" to be more coreful in'future. Such a judgment does not satisfy the public sense of justice. The defence of the officers is that they had directions from the admiral's ship, the Mino- taur, and there is a strong feeling that the admiral himself must bo made responsible. The Agincourt remained on the rock three days, in calm weather ; but if it had been stormy, she might have perished in as many hours. The seamanship of tbe mercantile marine is contrasted with that of tbo Royal Navy, greatly to the prejudice of the latter. Of other subjects, I must briefly note the return of the Crown Prince of Prussia from tho triumphal entry of the Bavarians at Munich to Osborne-the continued sojourn of the Princess of Wales at Kissengen, where she is greatly annoyed hy intruding tourists the arrival of Prince Oscar of Sweden-the presence > amongst us of the Grand Dake Constantino-the departure of tho inquisitive sight-seeing Emperor of Brazil to Edinburgh and the north-the presentation of the Iron Cress by tbe Emperor of Germany to Dr. Russell, The Times' correspondent at Versailles-and the sudden death of Dr. Mansell, the Dean of St. Paul's, widely known for his Bampton lectures on "The Limits of Religious Thought." The health of the Princess Christian is occa- sioning much anxiety, and she is leaving England to try the effects of a milder climate. She might hear of " something to her advan- ' tage" could she reach so far as your friendly shores, which English doctors are beginning to appreciate. Mr. Russell Gurney, the re- corder of London, goes out to America to settle some legal points under the Alabama arbitration. General Schenk has made his ' firstand a most friendly appearance, as ambas- sador from the United States, at a Mansion house banquet given to Her Majesty's Minis- ters. Of the Wimbledon rifle meeting I will only add that it was again a success ; the Queen's prize (£250 and medal and badge) was won by Ensign Humphrey, of Trinity College, Cambridge, a student of not more than 19 years of ago. AUSTRALASIAN TOPICS. CONFERENCE ON COLONIAL QUES- TIONS. If the object of the promoters and organ- isers of this [conference was to secure a public consideration and discussion of the important questions affecting our colonial relations, they must have been sadly disappointed. The programme of proceedings which I furnished last month will have shown the labour and enterprise which must have been expended in ananging for this series of meet- ings, and it is to be regretted that the immediate out-of- doors effect will be altogether incommensurate with tho efforts put forth. The proceedings were reported by the daily press with a mèagreness which seemed to indicate a'conspiracy of silence. Even the Standard, usually so copious in its notices .of all colonial matters, deigned ,to devote only one paragraph to the subject, after tho close of the conference ; and the few editorial comments which ap- peared in our journals were chiefly of a ban- tering or disparaging character. The Times loftily ignored the affair altogether. The ' period of the year and tho state of public busi- ness bad, no doubt, something to do with this journalistic indifference. Continental excite- ments, Parliamentary storms, political con- flicts of unusual bitterness, and social events bf engrossing interest, had thoroughly woaried tbe public mind, and rendered it impatient of any fresh dem and on i ta attention. At an earlier period of the season I am inclined to think the important questions ventilated at Westminster Palace Hotel would have received a juster treatment at tho hands of the press, and would thereby havo reached the many-, minded public. The colonists will bo glad to know that the papers read at the various sittings of the conference are to be collected and published, nnderthe editorial supervision of Mr. Edward Jenkins, author of Ginx'sBaby. Their influence will thus be felt far boyond the iango of the audiences who first listened to them. The three days' conference opened with a numerously attended conversazione on the evening of Wednesday, the 19th nit, and came to a close on Friday, the 21st. At the conversazione the Duke of Manchester pre- sided ; and there were also present tho Earl of Airlie, Sir Charles Nicholson, Sir Charles Clifford, Sir George Yonng, Sir Benjamin Pine, Captain Bedford Pine, K.N., Mr. S. Aytoun, M.P., Mr. M'Cullagh Torrens, M.P., Colonel Strange, Professor Amos, Rev. Dr. Guthrie, Rev. Dr. Lee, Edward Wilson, Esq., W. F. Filzgerald, Esq., Rev. S. Herring, F. -P. Labilliere, Esq., &c.; The business part of the proceedings commenced with the reading by the honorary secretary, Mr. F. P. Labilliere, of a number of letters from noblemen and gentlemen, giving in their adhesion to the movement, although unablo to be present at the preliminary gather ¡rjg.l An inaugural address was then read by Mr. "Edward Jenkins (instead of Mr. Fronde, who was unable tofulfilhiaengagement),'which went at some length into the origin and scope of the conference, which had already received so large a measure of support, from ,mon' of all shades of political1 opinion,"and all posi- tions, as to place its complete -success beyond the possibility of a doubt. Mr. Jepkins in- sisted upon the policy of steadfastly uphold- ing our colonial empire, as of vital.moment alike to the mother country and the colonies themselves, and having taken a rapid glance at tbe existing social position of tho former, ânoted Carlyle's "Past and Present" to aow that the two zeal topics and wants of the day were education and emigration. The first we had got, and it was hoped the conference would oxercise no small influence in promoting the other. With that view papers would be read by Professor Amos, on "Colonies and Colonial Govern- ments;" by the Rev. A. S. Herring, on "Emigration as Seen in Canada;' by Mr. N. R. Torrens, M.P., on "Simple Methods of Land Transfer ;" by the Hon. Secretary, on "Imperial and Colonial Fede- ralism ¡" by Mr. Edward Clark, on "Emi- gration ;" and by Mr. W. T. M'Cullagh Tor- rens, M.P., on "Facilities for Emigration." But emigration WBB not the only point aimed at ; the usefulness of tho_ colo- nies to our poor in a food-point of view, by encouraging a taste for many colonial food products, would be enforced by the editor of the Knife and Fork (Mr. Blanchard Jerrold) ; while the satisfactory settlement of the Colonial Waste Land Question, and its effects on Imperial Dominion, would be treated of by Mr. A. F. Abraham, himself a colonist, who had directed much time and study to the subject. Mr. F. W. Chesson, than whom there was no one more able to do so, would deal with ,tho "Coloured Labour in British Colonies," and other gentlemen would give their views on kindred subjects. Having thus shadowed forth the domestic branch, of the work cat out for the next two days, Mr. Jenkins de- voted tho latter part of his essay to the poli- tical aspects of the colonial question so far as it related to an extended or united Imperial army and navy for war and defensive pur- poses, criticising the post and present policy of the Colonial office and announcing that this department, together with its constitu- ' tion and administration, would be thoroughly sifted in a paper by Sir H. Drummond Wolff. On Thursday, three protracted sittings were held. In the morning, proceedings were very much prolonged in consequence of an ex- pectation that the Emperor and Empress of Brazil would attend, in accordance with an engagement, but the meeting concluded without the appearance of their majesties, much to the disappointment of a large and fashionable gathering, A similar hope seems to have attracted a crowded company in the evening, but it was approaching mid- night before the Emperor arrivei and then only to apologise for his absence, occa- sioned by unavoidable engagements. At the morning sitting the Earl of Shafteshury pre- sided, and expressed his warm approval of the main objects of the conference. Profes- sor S. Amos and Mr. R. R. Torrens, M.P., respectively;, read papers entitled "Colonies and Colonial Governments," and "Simple Methods of Land Transfer." Both subjects provoked discussion, in which the following gentlemen took part:-Mr. W. F. V. Fitzgerald, Mr. Watts, Mr. N. Darvell Davis, Mr. Edward Jenkins, Mr. Tobin, Mr. Freeling, ond Mr. Denietoun Wood. One of the speakers thought Mr. Torrens's paper would have been more Buited to a meeting of the Law Amend- ment Society than a Conference on the Colo- nies, In the afternoon, the Dnke of Manchester and Mr. E. Jenkins presided, and Mr. Labil liere read a paper on "Imperial and Colonial Federation," in which he dwelt upon the strength to be derived both to England and the colonies from such a system. He argued that, under such a plan, local militia forces would take the place of our army, and that therefore army cost would be greatly lessened to the mother country. The Earl of Airlie, Mr. Edward Wilson, Mr. Saunders, and Colonel Clinton took part in the discussion which followed. At the evening sitting, Mr. E. Clark, one of the Council of the Emigration League, read a paper on "Emigration," in which he ad- vocated state assistance for emigrants, to correct the existing evils of society, which he said were such as to make the philanthropist weep and the statesman tremble. The Earl of Airlie was opposed to this remedy, although favourable to voluntary aid, and the adoption by tho colonists themselves of the principle of the Homestead and Public Works Acts passed by the United States for the encouragement of emigration. Mr. Macfie, M.P., concurred with the noble earl, and pointed to the large numbers that emigrated in 1870 as showing that there was-no lack of means or disposition to emigrate. He thought the colonies them- selves should apply the moneys obtained from waste land sales to emigration purposes. He could not understand why that was not done, or wby Africa was left out of the report of the Emigration Commissioners. Mr. George Potter, who upheld tbo views of the paper, said that of the 105,000 emigrants who annually left their homes in England, 05,000 went to the United StateB ; whereas, if the Government had taken the matter in hand, this wealth of labour would have been secured to our own colo- nies, Mr. R. R. Torrens, M.P., said Sir John Pakington was responsible for tho waste land funds being unavailable at the present time, Mr. W. T. M'Cullagh Torrens, M.P., in a long address, showed by what means emigration could be facilitated, and strongly censured the Government for not having taken up the question in the manner he and othors who thought with him had suggested. The Emigration Commission he looked upon as a mere job, and its report outrageous. He should take an early opportunity of moving for its abolition. The discussion was con- tinued by Mr. Frederick Young, Sir Charles Nicholson, and others, > > On Friday, at the morning sitting, Mr. Walter Morrison, M P., presided, and > the first paper was read by Mr. F. W. Chesson, on "Coloured Labour in > British Colonies." He said there was no question of greater practical > importance at the present time than that of the employment of dependent > coloured labour in certain British and other colonial possessions. The white > race, incapable of protracted physical exertion in hot and ener- vating > climates, was engaged in continual efforts to and "hewers of wood and > drawers of water" among the inhabitants of the tropics. The impulse which > led our country- men to do this was a natural one, for, if it were > impossible to obtain those labourers, then extensive districts of the > earth's surface, which nature designed to yield cotton, sugar, rice, coffee, > tobacco, and other tropical pro- duce, would remain arid or uncultivated wastes. In other words, if the'European had been dependent on his own labour for the means of bringing into cultivation those continents, islands, and territories in which the sun struck fiercoly at his very life, he must have sunk under the unequal struggle prostrate in body, although unconquered and unconquerable in spirit. There could be ne greater example of the interdependence oi every great division of the human family, We must sympathise, therefore, with overj legitimate effort which was made tosupplj the pressing needs of one race out of the superfluities of another. What, however, the; had to do was to obtain adequate seen rities against the unlawful or injurious domination of any class which, under what ever specious pretexts, might endeavour te aggrandise itself at the expense of the rest So long as the Queen of the Antilles enriched the markets of the world with sugar anc tobacco, the advocates of what had beer called the negro's true place in nature might triumphantly point to the material sue cc8sof slave labour. Ho might, perhaps, ever think that the amount of exports and import condoned the horrors of the middle passage but the issue of this monstrous attempt te destroy the moral equilibrium of nature wa seen at the present moment, in a war whicl bad already cost the Spaniards and the Cuban 50,000, lives-a war distinctly caused .by thi existence of slavery and by the lust of powe: which slavery ever begot. He argued that thi British Government was responsible for thi outrages committed in the South Seas whether they woro the acts of vessels iron Queensland or of vessels from Fiji, the fac being that the European population in th latter islands consisted almost exclusively o British subjects. The only satisfactory solu tion of the native labour question lay in th mitigation or abolition of its compulsor; character. Contracts, if made for a term o years, should be made, not in the islands, bu in the colony, beneath the eye of a responsible public officer. After the reading of the paper, Mr. Watt protested, as a colonist, against tho imputa tion of slavery thus made ngainBt the colonies Ho did not believe the Polynesians were si badly treated or so bad off as tbe labourers ii the clay- fields of England. Mr. Constantin Burke, assistant attorney-general for Ja niaica, assured the conference that th sacar interest of that island could no exist without) coolie labour.BJ When h quitted the island a short time agi be saw no signs whatever of tho reportai rebellious spirit, or anything likely to inter rupt the peace of society. Captain Bedford Pim strongly advocated British emigration to the'Cape of Good Hope, the BrazUs, and,the West Indies, and the employment of ships of war for the purpose,. He ridiculed the idea that Europeans were short-lived or unable to work in< the tropics, add' said'tho field hero" -was wide enough to provide for 10,000 emi-' grants a year. Archdeacon James, of Demo- rara, denied that coolies were badly treated, of in any way enslaved, in that island i and-differed altogether from the gallant captain, in thinking white labour was at all suited to the West Indies. Mr. C. Burke in- sisted that experience showed itwoT, on the* high hills of Jamaica, at least, QB there was a large colony of Irish and Germans established there already. Mr. D. Crombie would bo sorry to see his countrymen at tho mercy of West India plantors, who held that their black fellow-subjects wore unsuited for free- dom. Mr. Archer, agent-general for Queens- land, disputed the accuracy of the statement made against the employers of that colony, or that Government ships bad been used for kidnapping ventures ; but Mr. Chosson, in his reply, adhered to the fact, and the discussion closed. At the afternoon sitting, more than an hour was occupied by Mr. Augustus S. Abraham in' reading two papers on " The Satisfactory Settlement of the Colonial Waste Land Ques-, tion in 18C5, and its Effects on Imperial Domi-' nion," which Jed to some controversy, in the course of which Mr. W. F. V. Fitzgerald re- newed the suggestion of Imperial federation, and Mr. Edward Jenkins complained that the papers treated tho question from the, lawyer's not the statesman's point of view. The correct principio to apply in this case was that recently enunciated by Mr. John Stuart Mill, notwithstanding the howl of disap- probation with which it was received. On the other hand, Mr. Watts thought Mr. Mill was right in theory, but Earl Grey's plan was the only way of putting it in practice. The other speakers were Mr. G. H. Whalley, M.P., 'Mr. Lawson (Adelaide), Mr. F.' P. Labilliere, and Mr. J. Denistoun Wood. The Rev. A. Styleman Honing next related, in a long and interesting paper, his experience of " Emigration as Seen in Canada," but before the rov. gentleman concluded the audience had dwindled down to scarely half a dozen persons. Tho evening sitting, with Mr. Macfie, M P., in the chair, was devoted to a paper by Mr. Blanchard Jerrold, on " The Colonies as Food Stores for Great Britain ;" and another by Sir H. Drummond Wolff, on " The Constitution and Administration of the Colonial Office.'' No report appears in our papers of the dis- cussion raised by the last paper of the series, on the Colonial office ; but Mr. S. S. Cowper, of New South Wales, and now in London, writes to The Times, protesting against the disposition observable in certain quarters to exaggerate colonial grievances, and thereby promote dissensions which we are all anxious to avert. He thinks that, on the whole, the Colonial office does its administrative work fairly well, and that the colonists should be jealous of the intervention of any body of so-called representatives be- tween "mother and daughter." If the agents general representing the different colonies feel the need at any time of counsel, Mr, Cowper suggests whether the Royal Colonial Institute might not be so utilised as to afford tho needed assistance in the way of informa- tion and practical suggestion. A free inter- change of views and opinions by colonists while sojourning in England "would create a union of interests and a colonial free masomy which is now sadly needed; but beyond this, for whatever wo require wo shall not be backward in asking, and when- ever we find the Colonial office and our own agents general incompetent to act for us, wo shall soon seek some alteration, wbicb, however advisable it may bo in the future, can only come from the colonies them- selves, and wbicb, if attempted to bo thrust upon them by any Imperial enactment, would tend only to produco disaffection." In criticising the programme of the con- ference, the Daily News remarks :-" When the federation of the Empire is advocated, it is taken for granted that the existing system must be materially modified. A great Imperial council is to Bupplant the Colonial office. Representatives of the colonies are to meet and discuss Imperial questions in London. Instead of everybody minding his own business, every- body is to mind the business of his neighbour. The chief end of our colonies is said to be the promotion of Imperial designs. ... But the mere discussion of an entire re- organisation of our colonial system is rendered almost impossible by the difficulty of admit mg that any sweeping measure of change is even practicable, far less desirable. The Dominion of Canada and the colonies of Aus- tralia now resemble Sovereign Powers in neatly everything but in name. Would they voluntarily abdicate their independence, and/ readily sink down from their pre- sent high estate? They have manifested no desire to move in this direction. About two years ago a movement was commenced in London somewhat similar to that initiated by the promoters of the Colonial Conference. A number of influ- ential colonists then met daily at the Cannon streot Hotel, with the avowed object of advancing the unity of the empire. When the tidings reached the colonies of what had been baid and dono, the proceedings were repudiated ttith a warmth approaching to indignation. It was denied by the colonists that they had any grievances, either imaginary or i real. They, main- tained tbat they were thoroughly loyal and perfectly contented, Has any change oc- curred since then, giving hope of more pro- pitious result ? The only new suggestion now put forward has reference to the importance of promoting emigration from this country to the colonies. Many efforts have been made of late to help the industrious poor to exchange a land where their labour is of no value for one in which tbeir labour will com- mand a fair price. But those who have done the most to aid the poorer classes to emigrate seem to dread lest they should choose a new homo on which tho British flag does not wave. The attractions of the United States are supposed to be greater than those of Canada. If the welfare of the emigrant be the first consideration, it is hard to understand why ho should be dissuaded from going to the spot where tho future happiness of himself and his children can be most certainly attained. Should tho United States really offer advantages such as aro not to be found in Canada or Australia, then the United States ought to have the preference. Having abolished protection in the necessaries of life, it is worse than absurd to pursue a protective policy in the matter of emigra- tion." The Standard is terribly severe against the conference and its promoters. The proceed- ings proved how vast an amount of confusion thero is still on even the elementary points of tho colonial question. The organisers "were not agreed upon the first principles of union. "The colonial platform has become a stand- ing cave-a sort of intellectual Adullam. Everyone who has a hobby or a grievance, ever j one who has suffered anything in connexion with the colonies, or who has prepared anything for the colonists' sufferance, is found at these' colonial meetings. Professors of humanity, doc- trinaires unattached, philosophers of one idea, philanthropists at large, the professorial bore, the amateurstatesman-all these attend with terrible punctuality. The preservation of an empire is to these . the last object of solicitude. Perish the empire, so long as their hobby is trotted out, their grievance aired, their crotchet expounded ;" and so forth through half a column of more' per- sonal detraction. 'Summing up, the writer fears that " nothing remains but to ac- cept the present situation,, changing it only so as to give the Colonial office greater moral control dver the colonies than it has at present. That is tbe precise logical deduc- tion from the sum of the papers read at this conference. If it'proves anything ib proves three things mainly-first, that the colonists are a wild sort of people, given to buccaneer- ing and slave-driving; secondly, that the Colonial office is competent to oxercise a cer- tain moral censorship over the colonies ; thirdly, that there are no colonial waste lands over which tbo Crown has any power. Such being the doctrines of the Colonial Conference, it seems a mockery to discuss the colonial question any further. All the worst bas happened, and is irrevocable, which could possibly happen to that which we fondly call our empire. Mr. Jenkins's gorgeous vision of unity is an empty phantasm. The thing which he would recommend is proved by bis fellow lecturers to be a delusion. _ The very basis of the fabric of confederation is dissolved if the teaching of tbe conference is true. We sincerely regret this consummation, but it would be doing ill service to the cause of tho colonies to disguise or to shirk it. The colonial question bas been killed by doctrin airanism, by the nigger question, by the land question, by five hundred minor questions which have fastened upon it, and which were Btarted, but not settled, by the conference." The Pall Mall Gazette indulges iii much the same vein of lofty rebuke and supercilious banter. Tbe conference was an opportunity for tbo ventilation of crotchets framed in tmsy but unpractical minds. The constitu- tional connexion between Great Britain and hor colonies and tbo promotion of emigration are spoken of as tbo two favourite playthings of colonial!conferences. , The,flrstquestion, so for from "being now,'is as old aVthe time of Bwk0.nJand' emigration fmùstjbe 'allowed" tojake'caîe.of Itself. Tho('bld prejudice, , too, of sending emigrants merely to 1 our own _ colonies mqst ' be given up- as antiquated ond 'narrow. Wherever a Briton plants his foot, that ia Britain- Greater Britain, in a larger sense than that in which, the name was invented. "The world, in fact, marches much too fast for colonial con ferences or any assemblages of ordinary * in .terpotional' politicians to keep up with it. There is an amusing instance of this in the proceedings before us. The meeting was at work on the old grievance-that wo have given away our colonial waste land to thé colonial Governments, and cannot persuade those Governments either to give it back or to do what we like with it. A speakor ' could not understand ' this, nor why ' Africa wa* left out of the report of the Emigration Com- missioners,' who advise on the management of such waste land as is still in our hands. At the same time arrives the information that the Cope Parliament is about to accept the offer of ' responsible' government, and conse- quently, we infer, to take in band the ma 'nagement of its own landed estate. We shall lose, if so, a vast dominion on paper in i the country of diamonds, and tho Colonial Conference will lose a topic." Tho Nonconformist alone among the jour- nals was fair and appreciative towards [the conference and its objects. The editor says ;. -"The author of GINK'S Baby propounded his scheme in a brilliant address, which some of our contemporaries have set themselves to demolish. _ It is, no doubt, easier to pull down than to build up ; but, in our judgment, any man who honestly aims to secure the conso- lidation of those vost dominions, which Sir Charles Dilke has happily named 'The Greater Britain,'deserves the thanks even of critics who are unablo to adopt his views." ' THE DRAMA IN AUSTRALIA. The complaint lately made by Mr. Coppin,, theatrical managor in Melbourne, of the downfall of the legitimate drama in Australia bos elicited somo explanatory remarks from two eminent dramatic artists, both of whom have had considerablo experience and success at the antipodes-Mr. Walter Montgomery and Mr. R. H. Homo. The former, writing to the Daily Nevis, says that the legitimate-or, as ho more gracefully caUs it, tho noetic-drama has had great general success in Australia, and if it fails just now, the reason is merely some commercial depression, and not any lack of public taste. Mr. Home says that the burlesque, which now itself is " played out," has so demoralised the artistic sense of the public as to destroy for the present a healthy relish for better things. Bothgentlemen insist that, asa rule, thehigher style of drama bos been a great success in the Australian colonies, and they both cite the names of English actors and actresses whose merits were as warmly appreciated and liberally recompensed there as here. Both virtually agree msariDg, "Give the colonial public a really good thing, at the right time, and they will appreciate it, and moko it pay.'" THE BALLOT IN AUSTRALIA. During the discussions on the Ballot Bil£ tho relative merits of the two systems adopted by Victoria and by New South Wales were brought under review. The Government, against all fact ond reason, in their bill of the present session substituted the worse for the better system. The Times tolls us that "tho Select Committee presided over by Lord Hartington took evidonce on,-the practice and working of both these sys- tems, and in the bill introduced last year the Government embodied the Victoria?; plan. In the measuro of this session the plan of Now South Wales is adopted. The prin- cipio that ' second thoughts are best ' fur- nishes a slight presumption in favour of the bill of this year as compared with that of the last, hut it is obvious the Government have confessed that they hold the balance of ad- vantage to be uncertain. Nor can the cir- cumstances in which the change originated be forgotten. When Lord Hartington's bill was brought in, containing the inde- pendent judgment of the Ministry, Mr» Leatbam found fault with the form of ballot recommended, and gave notice of his inten- tion to propose the substitution of the plan Now South Wales preferred. The bill wasi withdrawn, as we all know, before the point came to an issue ; but, in consequence of the division of opinion, the Government sent out circulars to the Australian colonies asking for additional information on the matter. The answer from Sydney described certain evils which existed, and were.unfortunately.increos ing in that colony, and expressed a preference for the system pursued in Victoria. The reply from Melbourne showed no corresponding; feeling in favour of the practice of New South Wales. Yet the Government have laid down one plan and taken up another. The mass of their followers, who would assuredly have supported them lost year against Mr. Leatham,, are found supporting them this year against tboir own first opinion. The mysterious, working of the Parliamentary mind ii past., finding out. The transaction, as a whole, seems to realise a celebrated puzzle. The tait has wagged the dog. The body of the party has swung round, iu defiance of all reason, in- ' obedience to one of its own members," THE FIJI ISLANDS. Lord Enfield, replying to Admiral Erskine, stated that no official information had been received at tho Foreign office that fighting, with loss of life, had taken place in the Fiji Islands, betweon tho mountain tribes and labourer's imported from other islands by white settlers, but be was not prepared to say that the statement was incorrect. It was diffi- cult to state what was the number of white, settlers, but the number was considerable. The Government had recently conferred on. the consul magisterial authority to deal with, British subjects. ¡ ' WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Replying to Sir J. Lawrence, Mr. Knatch bull-Hugessen said that although the general accounts of the progress of Western Australia were satisfactory, the most recent reports of' the state of the labour market showed that immigrants arriving from England would not bo likely to obtain permanent employment thero, Under those circumstances, it was not thought desirable to provide freo passages for emigrants to that colony. r REMITTANCES BTSKTTLERS IN THE: , COLONIES. I From the official returns it appears that in. 1870, as in former years, the amount sent homo by previous emigrants to their friends. in the United Kingdom was very large, amounting to £727,408 from North America^, and £12,804 from Australia and New Zealand.. Of the amount sent home from North Ame- rica B° less than £332 C3S was in tho shape of prepaid passages to Liverpool, Glosgow, andL 'Londonderry. Assuming that the remit- tances were made, as the emigration com- missioners believe, principally to Irish, it is clear that they wero far more than sufficient to pay the passages of all the Irish who emigrated during the year. Assuming the price of passago at £5 5s. per statute adult, and th« 74,283 Irish who emigrated in the year to be equal to 66,000>' statute) adults, tho cost of their passages, the commissioners state, would have been £340,600, or little moro than the amount sent home as prepaid passages. The returns of the emigration commissioners show that in the 23 years from 1848 to 1870 inclusive, there has been sent home from North America, through banks and commercial houses, up- wards of £10,334.000. Of what has been 'sent home through private channels there is. no account. i , EMIGRATION. It appears from an official paper recently published that in 1870 the emigration to Australia and New Zealand amounted to 17,065, being 4,205 more than the emigrants. of 18G8, and 2,104 more than the emigrants of 1809, Of the whole number, 4,305 were sent to Victoria by theogent generalfor thatcolony, ofiwhom 4,037 were nominated in the colony and 358 selected by the agent ; 2,155 were sent to the several provinces of New Zealand, of whom 237 wero nominated in the colony and 1,918 selected in this country ; and 3,311 were sent to Queensland, of whom 2,413 went from this country and 898 from Hamburg. Of the Queensland emigrants from this country 610,. and of those from Hamburg 15, poid their own passages. It is stated that so far as returns havobeen yet received the emigrants have been healthy, the deaths among 3,512 omigrants having been only 24, equal to a rate of 'C7 per cent., or taking the voyage at throe months, 27*3 per 1,000 per annum. To Queensland the mortality was comparatively large, the deaths among 2,164 emigrants hav- ing been 23, equal to 106 per cent. Of the 23: deaths, IO were of infants. The emigration». -conducted by tho Emigration Board during 1870 was very small. It consisted of only 226 emigrants, "of whom 106 wera femalo domestic servants, sont to New South Wales, and of 16 emigrants, of whom 10 ware femólo servants, sent.'to West Australia. Of the 17,005 persons who emigrated-to Australia and New Zealand in 1870,1,933 wero married > men, 2,074»married women, 6,0-30 single men, 3,798 single women, 1,363 boys between the ages of 1 and 12, 1359 girls between the same ages, 242 male and 218 female infants, and 33 males and 12 females not distinguished as to age ; 11,165 were Euglish, 2.192 Scotch, 3,109 Irish, 491 foreigners, and 48 not distin- guished. Tbo Juvenile Emigration Schomo of Miss Bye continues to prospor. Seventy destitute orphan boys and nine girls, collected from the metropolis and several provincial towns, have jost sailed for Canada. Writing from the " Western Home," Niagara, to her friond Mr. Vjs&V.bone;, the member for Liverpool, Miss î't'd informs him that no fewer than 100 food homes for orphan girls were awaiting er at Niagara when sho brought out her last cargo of children. The eagerness among respectable applicants to secure her young charges beggared description ; at ono time as many as 40 teams and carriages were wait- ing at her door, with farmers hungering for children : and the apprentices whom she had put out during the lost l8 months had given, on the whole, such satisfaction as to make it -certain that she could find homes for a thousand girls if they could bo sent to her at «nee. Mr. Rathbono, on ¡his part, writes to the papers that Liverpool can do little mora for Miss Rye at present. To quote the | member's own words:-"We havo already sent out four detachments of children num- bering 50, 60, 16, and J3 respectively. . . . They comprised all the Protestant orphan girls in our schools whom Miss Rye thought suitable up to that time." THE TICHBORNE CASE. It will interest the Australian publio to Jearn that arrangements have been made be- tween tho representativo advocates engaged in the Tichborne cause, to provide as far as possible against certain contingencies which might otherwise prevent the resumption of "the trial. Serjeant Ballantine and Sir John \- Coleridge have signed a forensic treaty, by which both parties in the suit agree to the subjoined terms:-If through any unforeseen circumstance Sir William Bovtil should be unable to reoccupy his seat on the bench, it is settled that an- other judge may, without objection from either _ side, carry on tho case, and em- ploy his predecessor's notes. Again, it one, or even two, of the jurymen, by the same chapter of accidents, should be removed from tho box, the causo shall go forward, by mutual consent, with the diminished number. "Sellable information has, it is said, boen received regarding the crow of the Bolla ; and in consequence, Mr. Jeuno, the junior counsel for the claimant, has proceeded to Australia to advise upon what evidence it may bo neces- sary to bring forward. Another rumour is that Arthur Orton is in prison in Australia, and that his liberation and transference to Eng- land is tbo object'of Mr. Jeune's journey. THE COOLIE QUESTION. Some documents recently laid before Par- liament, revealing the existence in the Southern Pacific of horrors rivalling those 'presented in the worst days of tho African slave trade, have intensified the attention of the public towards the fiendish traffic in human beings still goiog on in the world. Terriblo tragedies have occurred on ships Jaden with coolies, running from Macao to Callao, and both tho Portuguese and the Peruvian Governments have been shamed into interfering to stop the atrocities that havo long been going on. The condition of coolie labourers in De- morara has also undergone a searchinc; investigation, in consequence of grave accusations against the planters and the authorities generally, and the system has received a severe condemnation. Owing to the pressure of Parliamentary business at the close of the session, the question of kidnap- ping in the South Soas will probably have to stand over, but it will not bo forgotten by the public. It will be some relief to the Australian colonists to learn that a company of Ame- rican speculators have offered to divert the threatened flood of French Communism and Parisian ruffianism from tho islands of tho southern hemisphere, by contracting to tokb some 20,000 persons and settling them in the .wealthy but undeveloped territory of Ati- zona. LOSS OF THE MEGiERA. A telegram, received last Friday from Hong Kong, announcing tho wreck of the troop- ship Megicra, produced a most painful sensa- tion. Following so soon after the loss of the Captain, and the unaccountable stranding of the Agincourt, this fresh disaster has caused a more vehement outburst of indignation against Admiralty imbecility. This last case, indeed, is worst of all. For this unfortunate vessel is tho one about which there was Buch a hubbub four months ago, in Parliament and in the press. Night after night the Government was1 warned of the dangerous condition of the ship, but the croakers were put down in a very high- handed fashion-treatment that will neither be forgotten nor forgiven. The chief ques- tion of interest with the British public is, who is to blame for sending the Megeera to sea in a leaky condition ? Nearly every day since the catastrophe has been known The Times has contained a lengthy letter from Mr. E. J. Reed, the late constructor of the navy, who was dismissed from that post by Mr. Childers last June. Ho says that ho ex- amined tho Megeera at Woolwich in I860, and then reported her fit for only a brief period of further service, bocause her plates were worn so thin. He called the attention of Mr. Walpole, M.P. for Norfolk, to this fact, who thereupon put a question to the First Lord of the Admiralty, and was sar- castically told in reply that some people knew moro about tho navy than those who had the management of it. That, however, was a week after the Megora had sailed. Mr. .Reed also says that since his dismissal he has repeatedly proffered information to the Ad- miralty, but only received a snubbing for his pains. If, therefore, he says, the Glatton founders, the Minotaur breaks in two, and disaster comes to other vessels ?which be was building when his con- nexion with the navy ceased, the respon- sibility must not bo supposed to rest with him. Mr. Goschen and the Earl of Camper- down bave given explanations in the two Houses respecting the despatch of the Megrora, tending toshow that the Admiralty had ample warrant for believing in the vessel's soundness before thoy despatched her ¡ but it is not pre- tended that these explanations are sufficient, and full inquiiy is promised as soon as the wrecked crew ore brought home. \ ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FB0- 0_B OWN CORBEaPONDENT.) LONDON, Aua. IL The vast monetary transactions now con- tinually taking place between Paris and Berlin havo begun to tell upon our market, «During tho past fortnight violent fluctua- tions havo beon observable in the resources of 'the Bank of England, although nothing has happened to produce the slightest uneasi- ness. Three separate half-millions of gold have been withdrawn for transmission to 'Germany, besides abont a quarter of a million .every week for harvest purposes. Owing to these and minor drains, the stock of bullion an the bank showed, last weok, a reduction to the extent of £1,231,000, while the private deposits were diminished by £2,389,000. In other circumstances than those of the present plethora of money, so large an efflux could not fail to have made a sensible impression on the money "market. It is a remarkable fact, however, "that the rate in the open market has of late been slightly on the decline, the best bills having been negotiable at lf¡ to If per cent. The Bank of England has thus been placed almost outside the market; bat, so far, it has done more business this half r vear in temporary loans to the Govern k jnt, at the official minimum of 2 por cent; iS-«! from the low state of the Treasury oajan ce, there is a prospect of further advances being required. It is noticeable that while the bullion in the Bank of England has diminished, that in the Bank of Prance in .creased last week £720,000, so that the stock there is very nearly what it was three weeks since. English Government securities have boen nat and fluctuating, owing to tho uncertainties °f the wentherin relation to tho harvest and the ups and downs of the corn market. Still toe price of Consols is 4¿ per cent, highor now than at the same period last year j and in ?, the absenco of any. disturbing cause, "ad- vanced quotations will undoubtedly ere long be secured for all tbe public funds. Weakness has of late characterised almost every department of the Foreiga Stock market. ' French stocks have apparently reached their m'axjraum . price for the moment ; the 'disposition of great holders to ¡realise and the payments of the instal- ments both tending, of course, to check any advance' in the new loan: Then the position of Frénch'finance is extremely unsatisfactory. ' The deficit will be 24 instead-of l8 millions' steiling, according to Thiers's calculation ; expenditure, it is found, cannot bo reduced as proposed ; tho Algerian insurrection will involve unexpected army charges ; and the budget arrangements have been upset by tbo rejection of the proposed new taxes on raw ma- terial. Spanish securities have been prejudiced by the prolonged Ministerial crisis, and the un- certainty as to the policy of the now Finance Ministor, Turkish have been flat, owing to non-appearance of tbonuw loan, about which the most tantalising reports have been cir- culated during tho past two-months. Hitches have again and again occurred just as nego- tiations were said to bo completed. Italian and Russian stocks aro both exceptionally strong. _ American securities are improving in value, Five-twenties growing in favour. Atlantic and Great Westorn have advanced since the carrying out of the reconstruction scheme. Even Erie are better. Thero is a steady demand for Joint-Stock Bank shares, the present quotations being the best reached for some time past. Owing to the approaching declaration of dividends and other disturbing causes, English railways have been in a state of feverish agitation, but on the shareholders knowing their fate compo- sure and even firmness have been restored. In telegraph property an improvement con- tinues to be noticeable. Mines have been steady, and sometimes upward. Asphalte shores aro now all the rage. Our market for Australian and New Zea- land securities has continued toimprovo, and considerably higher values have been esta- blished, as the annoxod quutations will show. Most of the Government debentures aro in brisk demand. The advance in the value of wool has given a decided lift to bank stock, and the sbares in the old establishments are now sought after. Lost Monday was extensively kept as a general holiday, under the new act. The city was almost as quiet as on Sundays. Below are the latest quotations of Aus- tralian securities and shares : Share I Kaines ot Companies, &c.; Latest Prices. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Steck Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Share» Stock Stock Stock 10 2} All £ All 1 OOVEllNlUillT STOCKS.* Victoria Government, 8 per cent. (Jnn. and July) Do., do. (April and Oct.) Do., 6 per cent. (Jan & July) NcwSouth Wales.Gporcent., 18T1 to 1876 (Jan. & July). Do., do., 1888 to 1S00 (do.).. Do.,do.,rodm.,'67to 75 .. Oo . do., an. drawlnga from 1872 to 1808 Do., do., 1800 to 1000 (Jan. and July). South Australian, 0 nor cent. (1831 to 1801) Do., do. (1882 to 1016) Queensland, Opcrcent., 1891 (Jan. and July) .. Do., do., (1682 to 1885) _ Kow Zealand, 0 por ct. (Jan. and Julv) 1801 .. Do. do.,1801 (March&8ep.) Do., do., 1801 (Juno* Dec.) Do., 5 per cent, consols, Jan. Aprlj, July, Oct. Do., 5 percent. Tasmania, 8 percent., 1896 (Jan. and July) .. Do., do., redeem., 1893 to 1901. COMPANIES' BOOTS. Holbourne and Uobson's Bay Raliway, 6 per cent, Bonds (1880) Do., 6 per cent., 1805 BANKS. Now South Wales Australasia. Union of Australia South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia. English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered Oriental . Now Zealand Victoria ., Otago. National of Australasia HINES. Itietrallan united Qold .. Yudanamutana of SoutliAua tralia . Port Phillip MinlngCompany Scottish Australian Mining Kapunda, S.A MIBCRLLUiEOüS. Australian Agricultural Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance ' British Australian Telegraph Btitr. and Australian Copper .Vtolboumeand Hobson's Bay Hallway,. Otago and Southland In vestment Company New Zoaland Trust and Loan Now Zoaland Loan and Mor enntilo Agency South Australian Land Trust and Agency of Aus- tralasia . Van Diomon'a Land.. North British Australasian.. Peel River Land and Mineral Scottish Australian Invest- ment. 114} 111 101} 101 103J 1014 102} 103 103 108} 110 112 111 100} 100 108} 108} 102 95 85 52 42 25} 10 43} 18} i ïdls. * The quotations include the accrued-Interest on debentures. FAILURES AND LIQUIDATIONS, &0, With the alarming influx of new specula- tive ventures, the monthly annals of mer- cantile disaster have become almost a blank. There is scarcely a failure worth recording, so far as regards the United Kingdom. In the Court cf Bankruptcy, the affairs of The O'Don oghue have been settled, and the bankrupt has been freed from its jurisdiction. Mr. R. Dickeson, of the firm of Dickeson and Wood, wholesale grocers, of Dover, who in 1865 suspended shortly after the death of his partner, paying 13s. 4d. in the £, has just paid the remaining 6s. 3d., thus making 20s. in the £. The creditors of Mr. JE. J. Gibbs, iron- master, nearWolverbampton, have accepted an offer of 7s. in the £ guaranteed. A satis- factory arrangement has been made by which the creditors . of Mr. Matthew Blackie, of Glasgow, will receive a composition of more than 10s. in the pound. The Foxhill Bank Printing Company, of Church, near Acoring ton, have failed ; liabilities about £200,000. American advices report the failure of the Hon. Joseph Hobson, of Saco, an extensive timber dealer, with liabilities estimated at 395,000dol. ; an offer of 33c. per dollar ac- cepted. Messrs. Morgan, Read, and Co., of Ryansville, have also offered a composition of 50 per cent, on their liabilities. Messrs, W. B. Cooper, jun., and Co., East India mer- chants, of New York. The petitions of two shareholders in the European Assurance Society, praying for a winding-up, have been heard before Vice Chancellor Malins. His honour declined to accede to this decisivo course until it was proved to his satisfaction that the undertak- ing was insolvent. He adjourned the hearing until Michaelmas Term, in order that tho company might have time to decide whether they would bring forward evidence to rebut the assertions of the petitioners. At a special meeting of the policy and share holders of tho company, to advise with the directors as to the course to be pursued with reference to this attempt to enforce liquida- tion, the chairman. Sir F. Smith, said that the directors bad called the meeting in order that the; might confer with the company at large as to the best means of preventing the undertaking in which they were embarked being wrecked by porsons who wero endeavouring to bring it to ruin. Thero were three courses open, namely, liquidation, amalgamation, or reconstruction. He strongly deprecated the first two courses as being ruinous to the interests of the company, but if they adopted the third course the directors would endeavour, as previously, to obtain any money they might require as easily and without unnecessary harshness. He asked if, under the circumstances, the; wished to resist the legal proceedings to the last? (Cries of " Yes.") A long discussion ensued, which terminated in the adoption of a resolution to the effect that a committee of six policy holders and two shareholders should be ap- pointed to consult with the directors as to the course to bo adopted with respect to the petitions before the Court of Chancery. The Albert Life Assurance Reconstruction scheme has failed. Lord Cairns, who sits as supreme arbitrator under the Albert Arbitra- tion Act, has recently given judgment on the reconstruction schemes, and the 33 objections thereto which had been filed. The conclusion he had come to was that the idea of recon- struction must be abandoned. Since his ap- pointment, in the end of May, the arbitrator has heard and disposed of tho coses relating to the Albert Company and the amalgamated companies as fast as they could be got ready for hearing. He has held 19 sittings, and has beard the arguments in between 60 and 60 cases, and given judgment in the whole of them. A report has been issued by the Albert Re- construction Committee to tho policy-holders, consequent upon the decision of Lord Cairns to proceed with the winding up of the estate In this they shortly explain the basis of, their I ¡plan, and tbe benefits which it would have j ¡conferred upon the assured. They point out ¡the great advantage! which will result from the appointment of Lord Cairns as arbitrator, by whiob, though he has not seen his way1 to ¡reconstruction, the winding up will bo com- j Ipleted in much loss time, and with much {greater economy, than would have been the ' ,caso in Chancery. " , , ,TBAn_ BBTUBNS, ETC. I The Board of Tradú returns'for thot past 'month continue to indicate an extraordinary 'increase 'of commercial transactions. The declared value of our exportations bas boen £19,817,891-the largest total ever attained, ¡and which is more than 13 per cent, in excess ¡of that of the corresponding month of each of the past two years. This improvement ex- tends virtually, without exception, over every .important article, since, although the value 'of our shipments of cotton manufactures has been 1 per cent, less than in July, 1870, owing to the relative price of the raw material, there has been au augmentation of 5 per cent, in the quantity, so that the amount of employment has boen greater. Of cotton yarn the shipments have been 'larger to the extent of 30 per cent, in value and 28 nor cent, in quantity. Ia tho other principal articles of our production or manu- facture the increase bos been as follows ; 'Apparel, &c;, 55 per cent. ; coal, 6 per cent. ; copper, 51 per cent.; earthenware, 9 percent.; haberdashery, 29 per cent.; hardware, 5 per cent.; iron, J.0 percent,; linen manufactures, 6 per cent, ; machinery, 17 per cent. ; oil, 17 per cent. ; silk yam, 100 por cent. ;' silk manu- factures, 41 per cent ; woollen yarn, 74 per cent. ; woollen manufactures, 37 per cent. ; and miscellaneous articles, 13 per cent ,Tho imports in July reached £31,251,153, against £24,090,140 in 1870. The imports of wheat were valued at £2,685,919, against '£1,700,340 in 1870; and the imports of cotton at £3,671,212, against £3,829,217. It is reported that a conf orenco is to be held by the chief European powers in Berlin, for tbe purpose of considering their relative im .port duties, and to endeavour to arrive at 'some arrangement by which a uniform rate ,of taxation may bo made for each country. ' According to the Berlin Post, the refusal of the British Government to send a representa 1 tive to the Customs Conference about to be held in Berlin has caused a good deal of sur- prise in German commercial circles. The ' principal object of the conference is to intro ' duce an improved system of classifying goods, i and generally to simplify custom-house business. " It was supposed," the Berlin Post says, "that Great Britain would have wel- comed any attempt to facilitate international relations, and her refusal to attend tho con f eience is accordingly attributed to annoyance at tho initiative in the matter being token by Germany." The Shipping and Mercantile Gazelle men >tions that the recent struggle between the Great Northern and Midland Railways re- garding the coal traffic has led to a movement in the north to revive the seaborne coal trade, by means of scrow colliers of a greatly in- creased size, and on a new principle, by which it is believed supplies may be sent to London at somo shillings per ton below the price at which they can be delivered by any railway lines. Negotiations, of an informal character, have for some time been on foot for the transfer of the Suez Canal to an English company. The question was first mooted by tbe Duke of Sutherland, during his recent visit to Constantinople ; and Lord Dalling, in his subsequent visit to Egypt, has advanced matters somewhat by removing certain diffi- culties previously raised by the Viceroy. But to prevent the enterprise assuming at any future time a political character, and giving a military advantage to the British Government, the Porte very pro- perly asks for a guarantee of its own military rights over the Isthmus, and, with this view, stipulates that the three forts begun by the Khedive at Port Said, Ismailia, and Suez shall bo garrisoned by Imperial troops. This condition will, however, it is feared, be stoutly opposed by the Khedive. The Petroleum Bill now before Parliament bas excited considerable agitation among persons trading in petroleum and paraffin oil.s Several meetings have been hold to point out the glaring defects of the measure in its then existing provisions, and to suggest certain I indispensable alterations. Some of these representations have been taken into consider- ation by those who havo had charge of the bill. As there was a conflict of opinion among scientific exports as to the standard which should be fixed for petroleum-varying, as they did, from 75 to 8b degrees Fahrenheit the framers of the bill fixed upon 80 degrees as a compromise, which has given general satisfaction, Mr. Hughes having recently given his award as arbitrator for the Court of Conciliation ol the Manufactured Iron Trade of the North of England, as regards the rate of wages foi the next six months, the arbitration has been appealed against by the mon, although an ad- vance had been conceded. The men want to discount tho presumed prosperity of the future. EMIOUATION FROM LiVEUPOO-.-The emi- gration officials issued their usual monthly report, from which it appears that during the month of June there sailed under the act to , the United States 28 ships, with 9,482 steerage and 1.137 cabin passengers, of whom 5,888 I were English, 140 Scotch, 1,055 Irish, and 2,936 foreigners. To Canada there wero four ships, with 2,157 steerage and 212 cabin passengers, of whom 1,690 were English; there wero no Scotch nor Irish, but there were 073 foreigners, making a total, under ,the act, of 2,367 to Canada. The vessels which sailed without undergoing Govern- ment supervision were :-To the United States four ships, with 450 passengers; to Canada three ships, with 121 passengers ; to Vic- toria, three ships, with 87 passengers ; to South America,sixships, with 90 passengers ; to Africa, two ships, with 16 passengers ; to the East Indies, one ship, with three passengers ; to the West Indies, one ship, with 20 passen- gers; to China, one ship, with six passen- gers, making a total of emigrants sailing not under the act of 793, and of those under the act 12,988, which, when compared with the corresponding period of last year, shows an increase of 358. The cable of the Great Northern Telegraph China and Japan Extension Company from Shanghai to Nagasaki was successfully laid on the 4th inst, and will be opened to the public in a few days, i woo". The third series of colonial wool sales, which opened on the 22nd of June, was brought to a close on the 26th ult. The arrivals declared available for sale amounted to :-Sydney, 68,024 bales ; Port Phillip, 07,242 ; Adelaide, 9,053 ; Swan River. 2,632 Van Diemen's Land, 11,772 ; New Zealand, 45,805 ; Cape, 26,409-total, 221,637 bales while the quantities actually catalogued wero ; -Sydney, 50,089 bales ; Port Phillip. 65,748: Adelaide, 8,375 ; Swan River, 2,696 ; Var Diemen's Land, 11,712; New Zealand, 45,808 Cape, 23,257-total, 214,185 bales, the differ ence being explained by private sales and direct consignment to the country. Of the above total it is estimated that not less tbar 130,000 bales have been taken for the United States and Continent of Europe, the English trade having again refused to meet the ad vanee in the market with any degree oi freedom. i In reviewing the results of these sales Messrs. Southey, Bairne, and Co., make th< , following remarks :-"The recovery in wool which the earlier sales of the year had airead] materially established, has made still more decided progress during the series just tertni nated, and the contrast of the present con dition of tho market with that which i Occupied only some twelve months' since, after the outbreak of the late war, affords au example of one of the most rapid and striking fluctuations oi record. Tho steady expansion in con sumption which marked the earlier months ol the year, gave fair promise of the probability ol firm markets during the remainder of thi season; but although much of the recent im provement may no doubt be ascribed to thü cause, the unexpected activity of the foreign and particularly the French, demand, thi unexpected deficiency in the production o the raw material, both in America, at home and in France, and the discovery of a ver; small increase in the colonial shipments, havi Very materially contributed to tho establish ment of an advance considerably in excess o all anticipations. The course of the series ha been a gradual and steady increase in vain from the opening rates- which ruled in al cases, except fine wools, at an advance o from Id. to ljd. per lb. -to a final improve ment during the last 10 days, varying fron 2Jd. to 3d. per lb. in excess of the rates o May. Unwashed wools showod in the firs instance the principal advanco under the in iluence of a keen Amorican and Frend competition, and indeed still stand re latively dearer than washed or scouroi descriptions. This disproportion, bon ever, becamo, as the sales progressed less and less apparent with a steadily íncroai ing advance in the latter, which was wo maintained to the close. During the tint fortnight, moreover, even fine wools partie patea in a sensible degree in the general in provemept. Half-bred colonials, insympath with the English market, show an average advance of "2d. per lb., while lambs' wool , now in much more plentiful supply than i earlier in the year-holds the exceptional i position oft barely, if at all, exceeding the value current during the previous sales. PBODUOB, , The tallow market was inactive during the i first portion "of the month, and the value of i P Y.C. declined 3d. per cwt. on the spot, and Is. for delivery during the ,last three months I of the j ear. Within the past weok, however, there bas been a better feeling, although the actual business done bos been limited, and our precent quotations are-44s. on tbe spot, 45s. 3d. to 46s. 6d. for delivery during October to December, and 45s. Cd to 4Gs.,per cwt. December only. The import of all kinds of foreign and colonial tallow last month was 11 0S2 casks against 10,446 casks in tbo same month last year, and 6,970 casks in 1869. Tbe deliveries ' amounted to 9 311 casks, against 9,684 casks in 1870, and 6,770 casks in 1809\. lhe stock on the 31st ult. was 29.242 'casks, against 35 584 casks at the same tame last year, and 25,647 casks in 1869. Town tallow is in fair supply ot 42s. 6d. per cwt. net cash, being the same as last month. Australian Tallow.-The demand has been good throughout tho month, but prices have been very irregular, especially for beef and all ) the middling and low assortments. This must bo attributed to a temporary cessation in the orders for oxport. At the last sales, however, there was a spirited competition, and mutton must now bo quoted fully as high 'aslast month, viz, fair to good, 43s, to 44s. 'per cwt.; but beef is Is. to is. 6d. lower, viz , fair to good, 41s. to 42s. per cwt. Import, 6,793 packages. Sales, 6,788 packages. Stock, 6,283 packages. Cocoanut oil is in moderate demand at 60s. i to 51s. Cd for Cochin, 30s. for Ceylon, and '35s. to 39s. per cwt. for Sydney, i Australian Hides.-In common with other descriptions of sole leather, hidti have "been much wanted, and all offering hove found i ready buyers, the last transactions showing an iadvanco of ¡¡d. per lb. on both heavy and light averages. Sales, 3,501 hides. Sydney Fair to good, first heavy, Gd. to 6^d.;do. light, 5¿d. to Cd. ; second class, 5jjd. to 5Jd. Bris- bane-Good first heavy, 6d. to 6Jd. New Zealand-Good first heavy and light, Gd.; second class, 5d. to 5jd. per lb. Import, 2,412 hides. Present stock, 2,197 hides. The following are,the quotations for first class hides :-Sydney-Heavy, good, avorage 561b. to 001b.. 6§d. to 6Jd. ; middling to fair, do., 5jd to 5|d.; inferior or in bad condition, do., 6id,; light, fair to good, average 401b. to 451b" ö|d. to 6¿d. ; middling to fair, do., 5Jd., to 5Jd.; kips, average 121b to 151b., . 6d. to 5jd. Melbourne-Heavy, good, ave 'rage 661b. to 601b., 5jd. to6d.; middling to I fair, do., 6id. to 5|d : inferior or in bad con- dition, do., 6}d. to Cid ; light, fair to good, 40)b. to 451b., 53d. to Od.; middling to fair, do., 5Jd. to 5¿d. ; kips, average 121b. to 151b., 5d. to Sid. Australian leather has met with more de- mand at an ad van co of id. to id. per lb. The transactions com prise l8,516. Crop sides, fair to good heavy, lied, to 12Jd ; light, U$d. to luid. ; seconds, stained, and inferior, lO^'d. tolled, per lb. Mimosa Bark.-The market is firm. Sales 372 tons. Ground, £9 5s. to £9 12s 6d.; chopped, £9 to £10 ; long, £710s. to £817s. 6d. per ton. Horns aro in good request at higher rates. Sydney, av. 14 to 14joz., 38s. to 41s., av. 11J to 12f}oz. 32s. 6d. to 40s. 6d. Melbourne, av. 11 to 13}oz. 28s. to 39i. Gd. ; Brisbane, av. 13>.oz., 37s. Gd ; Adelaide, av. 133 to 14}oz , 37s. 6d. to 42s. ; New Zealand, av. Otoz., 20s. per 123. Bones.-Shank of fair to good quality are worth £1715s. to £2017s. 6d.; middling, £15 10s. to £17 5s.; common, £10 to £13 5s.; grind- ing bones, £6 iOs. to £7 5s.; hoofs, £5 12s. Gd. to £515s, por ton. Petroleum dull at Is. Gd. per gallon. Copper.-Burra and Wallaroo, £77 10s. to £78. Australian and New Zealand wheat, 56s. to 59s, MESSRS. STABLES, STRAKER, AND CO.'S AUSTRALIAN CIRCULAR. LOSDON, JULY 20. Tho accounts which will go out by tho next null, reporting an exceedingly light month as to shipment», concurrently with a consldorablo adrnnco in tho valuo of v, ool, cannot fall to bo recotved with much satis- faction by colonial Importers. Tho hoary increase which marked our returns for (he provlous statistical month, induced tho foar that we might exporionco tho early recurrence of an Inevitable tendency to hurry forward Bhlpmonts of gooda on the least indl dlcatlon of an Improved markot, honce wo aro triad to find that our present accounts aro totally opposite lu thtlr character Grose valuoa aro now £038,700 against £1,255,100 for the preceding four weeks, boing a declino of £010,400. Subjoined aro tho constituent detalle : Corro epoDc lug foir weeks 'ant yeal £ 838,400 229,400 11.100 67100 11600 88800 Victoria Sydnoy .. Queensland Adelaldo Swan River Tasmania NewZcaland Four weeks ending July 20 1871. £ 240,500 103 400 10,100 102 800 7,800 24,500 60,000 Pre- vious four v, ooks. £ 691,500 200 400 43 800 117,100 6,100 20,600 171400 Do .reas» £ 851.000 106,000 83,700 14,800 2*800 110,800 2,200 The marked Improvement which has characterised the recent wool auctions, and tbe facility with which the largo quantity submitted has been taken off the market, at prices constantly hardening to tho closo, In tho face of a further large total (probably 120,000 bales) to be offered In September, will provo a most seasonable boon to all Interested In pastoral pursuits In ihe colonies, whoso intorests have cufferod so much, and continuously, of lato years ; and as this must speedily react upon the colonial Import market, -In many casos, comparatively bsro of stocks from the rapidly diminishing exports heneo during the put l8 months-wo hare ample ground for hope that the Australian trado Is now In a fair way to resumo Ita wonted elasticity. Tho Irait d'Union cleared from Oharonto on tho 8th instant, and tbo particulars of hor cargo (ropeated at foot) reachod us just In timo to quote in our last Brindle! Bupploment. Our correspondent advised us that another vessel would »hortly be placed on the Australian borth, tho name of which wo shall probably receive in a few days:-For Melbourne-70 hhds 103 quarter casts 4 256 cases brandy, 1E0 cases sardines, 111 caseB wine. For Sydney-48 hhds. 240 qnarter casks 714 oases brandy, 10 hhds. wlno, 4 cases pro serves. For either port-65 hhds. 712 quartor-oaskB 1,200 cases brandy. AUGUST 10. The export markot has continued to rule exceedingly qulot since the close of our last statistical month. Tho clearances enumerated in our supplementary tables In advance of tho current four weeks aro 12 only, ol which four areforMelbourno, one eachforSydney, Bris- bane, Adelaide. Hobart Town, Canterbury and Otago, and two for Swan Rlvor. There have also cleared within tho curront week (manifests nat yet being com- pleted at Customs) the Sarah Neumann, from Liver- pool for Sydney ; tbo Coonatto, from London for Ado laide ; the Ann Gambles, for Nelson ; and the Borean ihe Shannon, and tho Benvenue, for Melbourne. The latter Bulls from the Clyde, and, wo bellove, will In- clude amongst hor cargo 51 barrels beer, 222 tons cast Iron work, and 10,0001b. gunpowder, Bum -Wo have reason to bellevo that, by a clor'cal error of tbo Liverpool Customs, ths total by tho British Princess, for Melbourno (soo Circular No. 817), was returned at about lO.OOOgal. In excess of tho quantity on board. Should the result of pending In- quiries establish this fact, of which wo havo Htt'e doubt, the excess will be deduotod from our total of previous Bhlpmonts. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRITAM. Arab Steed, at Gravesend 15th July, from Adelaide Ariel, at Gravesend 20th July, from Melbourne. Annie Roydon, at Liverpool 20th July, from Ade- laide. Belelzo, at Gravesend 25th July, from Adelaide Border Chief, at Gravesend 20th July, from Sydney. Baltic, at Deal 26th July, from Adelaide. Bruckloy Castle, at Gravesend 28rd July, from Sydney. Countess Bussell, at Gravesend 25th Ju'y, from Adolalde. Clarence, at Gravesend 27iii July, from Molbourno. Gurnella, at Deal 22nd July, from Sydney. Cyreno, at Gravesond 20th July, from Canterbury. Charlotte Young, at Gravotcad 26th July, from Adelaldo. Dolight, at Gravesend 21st July, from Melbourne Light Brlgado, atOraveeond 27th July, from, Bris- bane. Lord Nelson, at Gravesend 29th July, from Adolaldo. Lady Jocelyn, at Gravosend, from Melbourne. Cdonse, at Gravesend 26th July, from Adelaide Ottawa, at Gravesond 2nd August, from Bathurst. Queen Bee, at London 22nd July, from Auckland. Suffolk, at Gravosend 10th July, from Melbourno. Strathdon, at Gravosend 10th July, from Sydney. Suporb, at Doo! 21at July, from Molbourno. Tiuo Bilton, at Gravosend 17th July, from Mel- bourne. TJndorley, at Gravesend 27th July, from Sydnoy. White Eagle, at Fonzince 17tb July, Gravesond 27th, from South Australis. Wost Australia, at Gravesend 25th July, from Ado lsldo. Warrior, at Gravesend 27th July, at Adelaide Wlmmora, at Deal 21st July, from Melbourno. i Warri« Queen, at Gravesend 4lh August, from Otago. Zealand!», at Gravesond 14th July, from Canterbury. DEPARTURES. ' Aviemore, from London 27th July, for Molbourno. , Abergeldie, from Gravosond 2nd August, for Sydney. Ann Gambles, from London 8rd August, tor Nelson. I Bridgetown, from Gravosond 25th July, tar Swan Bivor. {Bercayan, from Gravosend 5th August, (or Hol- bourne. I Bon Venue, from Olydo 5th August, for Molbourno. t Coonatto, from London 4th August, for Adelaide Duko of Sutherland, from Gravosend 22nd July, for Adelaide Glenmark, from Gravesend 29th July, for Hobart Town. <Lucayas,from Deal 8rd August (or Brisbane. ' Not folk, from Gravesend 27th July, for Molbourno. Palestine, from Doal 1st August, for 8wan River, roter Denny, bom Gravosend 29th July, (or Otago. Bunnymedo, from Gravesend 2ad August, for Hobut Town. ,' South Australia, from gravesend S8th Jal<-, (or Adcliüde. Sarah Neumann, from L verpool 8(d Auguif, for lune/, - ,, . i Shannon, from Hool 7th August, for Holbourne. WUIlam Dathlo, from Gravesend 19th July, for Sydney. Young Australia, from Gravesend 29th July, for Otago, " , SHIPS LOADING. ' AT LONDON. For Molbourno.-City ol Shangria], OVj ot Forth, Wave of Lite, Kirkham, Maori, ¿ammo -muir, True Briton, Lady Jocelyn, Suffolk, Clarence, Wl na era, Stonehouse ' For Sydney.-Parramatta, Sobraon, Patriarch, Ben Icmond, hlr John Lawrence, Strathdon, Bruckley Castle, Bordor Chief, City of Madras. For Adelaide.-Cralgendarrocb. St. Vincent, Oiient, Collingrove, Arab Stood, White Kaglo. For Erlflbauo.-Harmodlua, Boyal Dane, Alfrod Bawley. Aero, Lliibt Brigade. For Hobart Town.-Windward, Kim Grove. For Launceston -Araunah, Fugitivo. For Moreton Bay -Young Australia. Tor Swan Rlvor.-Ivy. For Auckland -Chile, Otty of Auckland. For Otago.-May Queen, City of Dunedin, Warrior Queen. For Canterbury.-Bobt. Henderson, Zoalandla. For Wellington.-Queen Boo. AT LIVERPOOL. For Melbourne.-Eurynome, Antiope, Duke of Edin- burgh For Sydney.-Alcatraz For Auckland -Forndale For Otago.-Olonhuntley. AT GLASGOW. For Port Chalmers.-B. P. Bouverie. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Hydaapes, Lonioii to Melbourne, July 8, 41.10 N. 10.14 W. Stirlliitr Castle, London to Now Zsaland, May IS, l8 N. 26 W. ' Ann Dutl lo, London to Sydney, June It, 0 89 N. 20 10 W. Zomlndsr, for 8ydney, July IO. 49 10 N. 7 25 W. j Lady Kltoboth, July 16.48 80 N. 11.16 W. Oandaber, Liverpool to Melbourne, May 19, 20 l8 8. S916 W. ' Amar«, Kew Zealand to London, June 26,8167 N. Bl) 54 W. Duke oi Richmond, Adelaldo to LI vor pool, Juno 16, 43 84 ~*. 28 6 W. Borealis, London to Bjducy, June 24, 4.65 N. I 28 68 W. City of Adelaide, London to Adololdo June 26, 7 N. 28 W. Queen of tbo Colonies, June 26, 8 N. 20 W. Bollana, London to Adelaide, June 20, 7.10 N. 28.80 W. ' Lanarkshire, London to Molbourno, Juno 22, 4 N. 24 W. Halclono, London to Wellington, Jnne 20, 9.25 N. 25 49 W. Sarah Boll, Liverpool to Sydney, Juno 20, 10.8 N. 26 l8 W. Carrick London to Sydney, Juno 11,6.18 N. 23 80 W. E. J. Spence. London to Molbourno, June 17, 8.17 N. 26 14 W. .William Davie, Glasgow to Otago, Juno 20, 6 N. 27 W. i Lacentla, London to Wellington, Juno 24, 7 N. I 28 W. Electra, for Wolllogton, June 27, 46 48 N 815 W. York rti I re, London to Melbourne, July 16.12 30 N. 25 86 W. Newcastle, London to Melbourne. June 27, 9.19 N. 24 61 W. James N. Floniln?, Glasgow to Otago, July 19, 45 I N.1615W. i SBtnh Grlco, London to Sydney, July 20, 9.7 N. 24 20W. Copióla, Adelaide to London, May 22 80 3.13 E. THE RIOT IN PHONIX-PARK, DUBLIN. (niOSI THE DUBLIN CORUESPONDENT OF THE TIMES, AUG. 9 ) An affray between the police and the mob is an unpleasant episode in the proceedings connected with the Royal visit. ' Suoh an affair is not at all an unusual occurrence, many precedents being recorded in the crimi- nal an unis of the city. But this riot-was rather unexpected, and was moro violent than any havo witnessed for some time. It arose out of an attempt to hold an amnesty meeting in the Phoenix-park, at the foot of the Wellington monument. The selection of the time and place showed that the object was only colourable, and that tho real purpose was to have a sot off against the loyal demonstrations which have been made during the past week. The "National" press and party havo done their utmost to «poil the reception given to tho Royal visitors. Beforo their arrival tbe people were exhorted togivethom "nowelcome,"andnomeans were left untiied to make thom unpopular. Some observations made by the Marquis of Lorne about the Irish, in his account of a visit to America, were carefully raked up to inflame the resentment of the people, and a hint was thrown out that he should be received with hisses. Even the vaunted chivalry of Irish patriots did not spare the Princoss. It was remembered-though the fact was not com- mented upon until the eve of her arrival that an address from "the ladies of Ireland" had been forwarded to her by Mrs. Bulftn, tbo wife of the late Lord Mayor, and that no reply had been received. A meeting of the Amnesty Association, which has beon re- peatedly dissolved, but is quickly resuscitated when there is mischief to be done, was re- cently held, and a resolution passed protest- ing against the discourtesy with whioh "the Indies" had been treated hy the Princess. Ibis was published a few days before the Royal party carno, in time to have its effect. Since her Royal Highness arrived a formal answer was sent to Mrs. Bulßn, informing her that the matter was not one in which the ( Princess could interfere, as it lay entirely with the Government. This answer was seized upon as another cause of complaint. A meeting of the Association was held, and it was pronounced discourteous, because it was written, not in the Princess's own hand, but by a secretary, and the "National " papers characterised its tone as unfeeling, An organised movement to hiss the Royal party on tho day of their entry was made at some parts of the rou te, but upon a limited scale, and that was the only evidence that tho appeal to the disaffection of the masses had been at all successful. The Nationalists are evidently disappointed at the general warmth of the reception, and their journals have made un- scrupulous attempts to distort and deny the i truth. They aro forced to admit that thero i wore crowds and cheering, and a display of banners in the leading streets, but then they i have discovered that the large concourse was ' because the day was fine, and the people wanted a little "outing," and" a considerable pro- portion was made up of small boys of tho gamin class, who will cheer on the slightest provocation." In this strain thoy elaborately istrovo to show that thero was a "cool recep- tion," but their statements may bo taken as ! the reluctant confessions of hostile witnesses in confirmation of the positive evidenco of ¡observers who actually saw what they related, and could judgo of tho character of tho reception in comparison with preceding visits and other public demonstrations. No one 'now expects to hear such a shont as used to come from the " most sweet voices" of the peoplo in the timo of tO'Connell, O'Brien, or Moaghor-thero is no popular idol now who would receive such worship-but judging of public manifestations by the modern standard adopted by the Nationalists themselves, the reception of tbo Royal party was not only respectful and warm, but enthusiastic. Ead it been what thoy re- present, they would not havo been at such pains to get up an unpleasant exhibition yes- terday in the park, but the murmurs of tho Fenian rabble had been hushed, and the patriots wanted to give them vent. The poli- tical prisoners, whoso interests havo been sacrificed to the selfish ends of these mon, furnished a convenient excuse for a meeting, and the following announcement was issued on Saturday morning by placard and adver- tisement : "A monster Amnesty Mooting, to advocate the release of the political prisoners still con- fined in English dungeons, will be held in tho Phoenix-park, near tho Monument, on Sun- day, at 4 o'clock. Irishmen, assemble in the might of your thousands, and send forth your protest against tho cruelty and prolonged in- carceration of your brothers, P. J. Smyth. Esq., M.P., will take the chair, and sevoral distinguished Irishmen will take part in the proceedings." When this manifesto was observed, the authorities promptly issued the following notice : ' * Notice.-Phoonix-park.-Whereas certain advertisements have appeared in tho public newspapers and otherwise, announcing that a monster meeting, to advocato tho realeaso of certain prisoners, will be held in tho Phoenix-park to-morrow (Sunday), the 6th inst. : This is to give notico that such meet- ing will not be permitted in the park, and that instructions havo beon issued to the police to prevent the samo. ' ' By order of the Commissioners of Public Works, "E. HORNSBY, Socrotary, " Office of Public Works, Custom-house, Dublin, 5th August, 1871." Notwithstanding this prohibition, the amnesty men prepared to hold the meeting. The selection of the Park and the Wellington Monument as the place of assembly whilo tbo Royal visitors were sojourning within view of it was intended to give greater point to the hostile demonstration. It should be observed that the Park had never been used for public meetings, and if the object of tho promoters of this movement was not to provoko a rupture with tho authorities, it is strange that tbey did not go to some other place, where tbey could have' denounced (ho Government and abused Royalty to their hearts' content without any interior« i erice. About 4 o'cl-jck they began to assemble near the monument, some of them wearing green scarfs. At the opposite side of the road which runs through the Park ia the People's park, which is handsomely laid out for the recreation of the working classes, and attracts a largo number of them with their families on Sundays. Some of these peoplo went from curiosity to seo what waa goingto happen, but ) not expecting any riot, and the promotera of the meeting calculated, no doubt, upon having its numbers increased by such, spec^ tutors. A small knot of policemen were on tho steps at the base of tho monu- ment, but made no effort to prevent the mustering of the people around until half post 4 o'clock, when three cars drove up, with Mr. P. J. Smyth, M.P., Air. A. M. Sullivan, and other prominent Nationalists. A parley occurred between them and the police, who, it was understood, endeavoured to dissuado tbem from proceeding with the meeting, but without success. Thoy ascended the steps, accompanied by the now increasing crowd, and, a chairman having been elected, they were about to go on with the business, taking no notice of the police ; but the latter mounted tho steps, and began to clear thom. The people pressed up again as ¡fast as they wero put down, and finally pitched the three policemen who had been interfering to the bottom o£ the stops. At this time the multitude was estimated at 6,600 or 6,000 persons. The constables made another effort to approach Mr. Smyth, but were again. atnidBt the jeers of the mob, hurled back. The steps are slanting, and difficult to mount against opposition. At length the police, being reinforced, and ex- asperated at tho treatment thoy rocoived, forced their way up to the foot of the column, and, drawing their batons, adopted moro energetic measures to dear the place, in obedience to orders given to tbem. The crowd still attempted to make tbeir way up, but the constables, striking about in all directions, and pressing them round the base of tbe column, scattered them like »beep, and inflicted on many severe cuts on the head. The mob, driven from its position into tbo road, took up shingle, which unfortunately was very plentiful, tbe road being freshly macadamised, and flung it at the police. While the mêlée was at its height a band was heard approach- ing, and the mob hastened to meet it. The police rushed forward to the gates, und, attacking the musicians, who were unprepared for such a reception, smashed their instruments, flung them into the air, and beat tho ployers very roughly. They spared no one when their blood was up, and several women are stated to have received rough usage at their hands. Mr. Smyth, Mr. Sullivan, some reporters of the press, and the innocent bystanders came in for a share of tbe violence of the police, who struck with their batons, tripped up and kicked the fallen, and even returned the volleys of stones with which they were assailed. When tbe riot had subsided in tbe park an orderly dashed up and made a com- munication which induced a party of constables to ,seize a number of cars and take them into town. At tbe. King's Bridge another affray occurred between the mob driven out of the park and some con- stables. One of tho latter was knocked down and badly injured. It should bo stated that the police here acted with good temper and forbearance. There was not bore any mis- chief done by the excited crowd. They passed down the Quays, breaking some windows as tbey went, and, turning up Capel-street, they smashed the windows of Mr. Kerr's china and glass establishment, which was visited on Fri- day morning by the Royal party-also the win- dows of Messrs. Edmondson, ironmongers, opposite, and tbey tore down some bunting which had been drawn across the street, ex- claiming, as tbey did so, "To hell with the Prince of Wales I " and "Down with the Queen !" They were proceeding to do similar mischief in Parliament-street, when a cry was raised that the police were coming, and they quickly dispersed. A number of persons in- jured in the riots have been brought to the hospital. The unfortunate occurrence has produced considerable excitomont, which the promoters of the meeting will do little to allay. They have issued the following ad- dress : " Fellow-countrymen, - While yet the Princes of England are guests of the Viceroy, the green sward of the Phonix-park, close by their residence, has been reddened with the blood of the people. The Royal visit has had a battue of peaceful citizens for its tumlo. Yesterday evening a lawful and constitu- tional assembly of the peoplo in the public park waa violently interrupted by an armed body of police, who savagely sot upon the unarmed and unresisting crowd of men, women, and children, and soon left many of them weltering in their blood. And why bas the blood of the people beon shed by police brutality ? If it was a crime for tho public to assemble iu the park-if a crowd upon its area was an offence against our miers, for which blood alone could atone why was not the law announced or on forced against the tens of thousands who assembled there on Friday last? Why were the people struck down on the 6th for that which was invited and approved on tbo 4th? Fellow citizens, the answer is in- structive. The thousands wero gladly allowed to assomble as a right in the park on Friday, because it might make a holiday for Royalty. If the same object yesterday was to cheer a prince the police would not have shod the i people's blood. But as the object was not to make the pleasure of princes, but to plead for the liberation of captives, then the police had orders to draw their bludgeons, to beat, and maim, and wound a peaceful crowd of unarmed and inoffensive peoplo. "Fellow-citizens, this occurred at a mo- ment when the Republicans of London' are allowed to assemble in the public parks of that city, to express sympathy with the Commune of Paris, and to assail the Crown and Constitution and the law. Once, when the Government of tho day ventured to prohibit a public meeting for a political purpose in a London park, the populace i toro down the railings of the enclosure, ; and the right to hold political meetings has never since been questioned. At present tho i Socialist and the infidel may freely address ai'Semblages in the London parks. It is by , the same Government that permits all this in London that the people of Dublin have been assailed in the public park of the Irish metropolis, Fellow-citizens, this savage and I high-handed proceeding will not be allowod to pats without utting action. The nucessary legal steps will forthwith be taken to bring to account the personB responsible for this in ' vasion of law and public right. We appeal to you to sustain us in contesting an issue so vitally important by bringing condign punish- ment on the perpetrators of this disgraceful and sanguinary outrage. j " P. J. SÎIÏTII, Chairman. '.'.T\&LUVAN;,}Hon.Socs. 1 "CommitteeRooms, Mechanics'Instituto, Dublin, Sunday evening, August 6th, 1871." The " Nationalists" will have been disap- pointed at finding that, spite of all, when the Royal visitors took their departure yesterday, it was amid a general expression of loyal feeling. Crowds of people collected in the streets to tako tbeir last look at thom, and wavo a respectful farewoll. Shortly after 1 o'clock the Royal party left the Viceregal Lodge in tbrce carriages, escorted by a detach- ment of the 6th Dragoons, and drovo along the North Quoys, through Parliament street, Down-street, Grafton-streot, Nas- sau street, and Lincoln-place, to the Wost land-row Terminus. As thoy passed along tho streets they wero cordially cheered, though at some points thoro wero a fow hisses. On the part of even the humbler classes generally, thero seemed to bo a dosiro to effaco any disagreeable impression wkioh' might have been produced by tho untoward events of Sunday. At Kingstown the vessels and yachts in the harbour wero dressed in bunting, A battery of flold artillery was in attendance to fire a salute, and a guard of honour drawn up on tbe Carlislo Pier. There was a largo crowd of persons to soo the departure, and tbo structure which had been erected for the accommodation of spectators remained during tho week. It was ornamented with tho samo caro as on the day of the arrival, and seats wore as eagerly sought after. The concourso of people on the beach was considerable, though not so great as under the moro agroeablo cir- cumstances of the landing. A guard of honour, composed of two companies of the Grenadier Guards and their band, was drawn up along the front of tho pier. At 3 o'clock the special train arrlvod, and the Royal visitors, who were accompanied by tho Lord Lieutenant, Lady Spencer, and most of the viceregal guests and household who had accompanied them to town, went onboard amid the salute of tho guns and the choers of the assembly. After lunching on board with the Princo of Wales, Lord and Lady Sponcer took leave of the Royal visitors, and the special train returned to Dublin. Shortly after half past 3 o'clock the Royal yacht moved quiotly out, and the Prince of Wales and Princoss Louise ascending tbe bridgo graciously re- turned the valedictory salutations of the people on shore. At 20 minutes to 4 o'clock i the Victoria and Albert steamed out of tho harbour. The persons injured in the riot ort Sunday are recovering, and it is stated that they were not so severely hurt as was at first supposed, and that a child nine years old reported to have been killed is not dead. A party of the rioters were brought np beforo the police magistrates yesterday on various charges. Two of the bandsmen were fined 20s. each for obstructing the thoroughfare Others charged with stone-throwing were romanded. During the disturbances, the mob, besides assaulting people with stones, tore up some palisading near the King's Bridge, and made a bonfire of it. In the absonce of any police to restrain them it was thought necessary to call out some military, who were not required to act, but whose presence awed the multitude. MR. MONTGOMERY AT THE GAIETY THEATRE. At the present time this latest notice of the late unfortunate Walter Mongomery cannot fail to be interesting. Tho Home News says :- , At the reception given to the members of tho Comédie Français at tho Crystal Palace, Mr. Wigan alluded to tho " hungering " of tho çeopl- of England for the legitimate or poetic drama. These and similar things are often said and vory little effect beon produced, but on the present occasion a gentleman of "colonial experiences" and of considerable theatrical fame was to the fore, and he deter- mined to attempt to satisfy the hungor. Great was the surprise when Mr, Waltor Montgomery announced a month of the "poetic drama" during the dog days. He issued a capital programme, brought together tbo best company bo could obtain, acknow- ledged certain deficiencies of stage arrange- ment, promised his best, took heart of grace and opened in " Hamlet." Australia will ba pleased to hear what the critics think of ono who achieved no small snecoss among them- selves. The Daily News says : "By selecting tho play of 'Hamlet' for the opening night of the season, Mr. Montgomery at once challenges the judgment of the public on bis merits as an actor m the most difficult of all the creations of our immortal dramatist. Tho character of the Danish Prince, which no critical plummet has ever completely sounded, is not to be por- trayed by a'few broad strokes. The quali- ties of his nature aro not strong and salient like those of the malignant fiery Richard, or the brave but jealous Moor. What motives alternately sway his wavering resolutions, is still matter for speculation ; and this is, there- fore, perhaps the character of all others in which an actor of original genius would find most scope for what are called 'new readings.' The merits of Mr, Montgomery's performance, however, he less in daring innovation than in careful study of received interpretations. Thero are, wo believe, few of the eldee Kean's points which aro not preserved in it- for example, his use of bia sword in tho ghost-scene in keeping hack tho friends who would havo restrained nimfrom following tho shado of the murdered king ; and his hesitat- ing way of repeating the opening lino of the passage, in verso, which ho quotes to the plnyers. Mr. Montgomery's voice, which is inclined to huskincss after_ exertion, is slightly against him ; but his appearance in the partis noble and sufficiently youthful ; while the appropriate dignity of manner is pro served throughout. In the carlior scones there was an occasional tendency to boistorousness, which, except on such grout occasions as the struggle at the grave of Ophelia, or the out- burst after the climax > in tho play scene, is out of harmony with the charaoter. As an illustration of this, wo may observe that, like most of his predecessors in the part, he delivers tho closing lines of the socond act, .* The play'a tho thing: Wherein 111 catch the couacle-co ot tho King," with a violence of gesture and a loudness of tone which, though they extortod the in- evitable outburst of applause from tho gallery, could not but "make the judicious grieve." In the latter acts, however, theso faults were rare. His whole performance in that part of the churchyard scene which precedes the ap- pearance of tho funeral procession is dignified and manly, while its tone and gestures aro appropriately suggestive of that ripo mood of melancholy in which all misanthropic bitter- ness is finally subdued. Thero are many other points in his performance well worthy of note ; but wo must content ourselves with an ob- servation on his mode of delivering tho lines. We alludo to a certain arbitrariness in placing tho emphasis-though this is a pecu- liarity by no moans confined to him. For exumple, in the line " It It bo mallo of ponotrablo stnfl," ono would suppose that the stress should be on the last,two words. Mr. Montgomery, howovoryplaces it on the word "made," by which it might be imagined that the question lay, not between "penetrable" and "im- penetrable," but botween "mado"aud "not made." So in the lines " Could you on thin lair monnuln lcavo to food," And batten on this moor ? ' where, though it might be supposed that somo emphasis would bo upon "fair mountain" and "moor,"Mr. Montgomery places it only on " batten ;" and again in tho lino " Mafco mad tho gull'y and appal tho (roo," stress might bo looked for on tho words "guilty" and "free;" whoreos Mr. Mont- gomery places it only on " mad" and " appal." ' The emphasis of actors and elocutionists, , howevor, will, we aro afraid, be always a m j story to the uninitiated. Tbo Pall Mall speaks generally of tho undertaking thus :-"To our theatres tho dummer is usually a season when eccontric pro- grammes and histrionic experiments of vari- ous kinds aro quite permissible, if they aro 1 not, indeed, mattors of general expectation. The manager withdraws from public life for a while, liko Duko Viucontio in 'Measure for Measure, electing an Angelo to supply his absence. ' lending him our terror, dressing ! him with our love, and giving his deputation lall the organs of our own power.' In this ,way it happens that the Gaiety Theatre is i for a month to be dovoted to performances 'curiously at variance- with the character of lits ordinary entcrtainmonts. Shakspeare ¡and Massinger aro to take the place of Offenbach and Horvu, and tho legitimate .drama is to prevail where burlesque and opera bouffé havo long flourished. Whether playgoers have, as some suppose, beon really 'hungering after' this chango of 'fare remains to bo proved ; but it had become very apparent that thoy wore suffering from a fcurfeit of tho lovity and licence- which havo formed hitherto the standing dishes ,of tho Gaiety. Tho interim manager is Mr. ¡Waltor Montgomery, an actor who appeared in Loudon with considerable succoss some few Bensons back, and has since won fame in America and Australia. Mr. Mont- gomery proposos to produco a variety of 'plojs of tbo highest class in rapid succession, and has commenced his brief season with a representation of the tragedy of ,'Hamlot.' IIo claims indulgonco under the circumstances ' for any shortcomings in the 'appointments of tho stage,' the Gaiety boing ill provided with décorations available for tho serious drama. A petition for forbearance in 'regard to the quality of his company may bo also understood. Thero aro but fow actors now extant who can boast any experience ia Shakspeaiian performances, and tbo services of these, probably, could not bo obtained under such exceptional conditions. Mr. Montgomery is assisted by a vory weak troop, and the representations altogether promise to bo of rather a makeshift character. Still, this conceded, tho enterprise ia by no moana an unworthy one. The poetic drama has boen so long neglected that all attempts to rovivo publie interest in regard to it must, almost of necessity, in the first instance be of an imper- fect and hesitating kind. Acting is at all times greatly dependent for its invigoration and improvement upon the support and oncouragement it derives from the audi- ence. In any caso, the performances to bo presented may claim attention and even prove attractive on tho score of their novelty. Of the modern generation of play- goers there can bo but few who possess any acquaintance with tho merits of Massinger's 'New Way to Pay Old Debts,' for instance, as an acting drama. It is part of Mr. Mont- gomery's plan to rovivo this play at an early date. That the 'Hamlot' was a genuine success there cannot boa doubt, sowas 'Louis tho Eloventb.' 'Othello' can scarcely ba spoken of with so much emphasis, and Claudo Melnotto was oxcellont. Of tho mem- bers of the company thoro cannot muok ba said, nor of the pecuniary BUCCOSS of tho ven- ture The attendance has been good, but tho houses by no means crowded. Doubtless Mr. Montgomery had made up his mind to this, and tendored the representations from pura love of his art, and a desire to impart a know- ledge of it to tho people. Ho will bo woll thought of and thanked by real lovers o£ tho drama for many a long day, and that is no» mean reward." TUE will of tho late Marquis of Hertford bas been proved under £000,000 .personalty ia England. 