OUR OLD ENEMY AGAIN. "We think it wns Maiiamo Sevignfi who Jaaid " Sir, You abuse the privilege which you men have of being ugly," now, without having the slightest intention of being rude, wo 1 shy to the Editor of the Courier " Sir, you abuse the privilege you journalists have of being abu sive.". Constrained .by: inclination no loss than by interest, our southern contemporary novel omits au ooportunity of saying some thing disagroeablo about ' tho North, its pooplo, or its representative j but we -readily, pardon him, as wo cannot oxpoct him to love those he has so materially assisted to injure. But, while wo pardon him, we cannot allow his assertions to pass unchallenged, although by commenting upon them we run the risk of making them of consequenco. Tho Courier is the representative of southern opinion,- and .as a matter of course, he is obliged, for the sake of liis bread aud butter, " to sny, unsay, Bwear and fore swear at plensuro," keeping, of course, the one great end in view, of endeavouring to slay that lion Separation, which' is continually heard roaring in the lobby. In ordor to carry- out 'this: groat object, - it is .-not necessary to adhere to facts nor to pay very strict attention to the canons ' of truth t— the end is to be obtained; if possible, iti-irlv, if not fairly— still it is to bo obtained. Our contemporary in his issue of the 30th January, lias fallen- foul of the hon. the member for . Rockhampton, because ho had the itnpudency to address his constituents in the manner hp considered best, nnd because ho deliverod a plain unvarnished tale of wliat liad occurred during ' the sessions in the "House of Assembly. Erom what wo can gather from the articlo to which wo refer, it appears to us that the Editor of tho Courier considers Mr. Etfe ought to : have waited upon hitn and consulted him upon what !ho should say and how he 'should say it. Well, perhaps lie was in duty- bound, 80 far a3 policy was concerned, :to, liave gono to, the learned Theban cap in hand, and after representing, to . him : how ' very much 'ho was his 'humble servant, there and then asked liim how he should wrap up -the package of unwholesome truths which he was about to present to his constituouts. - Had the lion, gentleman ' but. done this, the' article of the 30.th of January, would nover.have been written, and the world would bave lost a -fair, generous, and honest critioistn, written' iti a spirit that does tho writer infinite credit. But let the gentleman speak, for himself "Tho hon. mombcr for Rockhampton, Mr. FrFB, addressed u' publio mooting of his constituents on tho 19th instant, for tho' purposo of rondoring what ho called 'an accouot of his stewardship.' Ha told his audionuo that ho had " had to fight tho battles of tho North singlchanded '—by whioh phraso ho probably meant tho battlos of Rockhampton.'' ' Now tlio greater probability is that he meant nothing of the sort ; and even if he had meant, it; we doRt know that wo should have found fault with him, as ho would have beon but following the example sot to him by southern members, who are clearly the mouthpieces ol tho localities they represent. We have read attentively all the - southorn Press has con descended to report of Mr. Etfe's speeches, and we cannot call to mind . in any one single instance that he has oven, hinted he was fighting Rockhampton battles only. Was tho Separation Memorial signed solely by Rpekhamptou people ? We trow not ; names are to -be found at tho foot of it representing every class i'rom the northermost extremity of the colony to Dtiwo's Range ; Mr. Eyfe was fighting for the whole of the North ; ho was fighting a cause under the. banners of which there were enlistod five thousand soldiers who represented a population of twonty- eight thousand. That Mr. Ei"fe had to lead tho array single-handed, we do not deny, for we regret to say. that! those who had do- clarod their" intentions, " and loudly too, of assisting him, fell. away from him when they, were wanted, and did more injury -by their, weak and vacillating alliance than they would havo done by open'enmity. Our contempor ary continues — " Tho time' at Mr. Fyfo's disposal was probably not sufficient to onqble him to explain that the other repre sentatives of Northern districts did not consider it thoir duty to their coustituonts in piaco or out of plaoo, to bo. continually jumping up to advocate Separation at Dawes' Range, witli Raokhampton'us tlio capital of tbo future colony. - Thoy all fought with judgment, arid not without useful offect for the North ; but thoy aertaiuly did not feel disposed to ncoopt Mr. Fyfo ns thoir Oommandor-in-rhiof, or to admire his peculiar stylo of conduoting the warfuro." , We hold that it was. the duty of the North ern representatives, in place and out of placo, to be continually jumping up, aud recom mending Separation at Dawes' Range; at nny rate Mr. Etfe went to Brisbane for hat vory purposo and no other, and had ho listened, aB; other Northern members did, to tho soft sawder of tho Premier, he would have failed in performing his duty, and his . promise, and . would have met with anything ' but a cordial reception when lie returned to his constituents. When and where did Mr. Pxfe, or thoso lio represents, ever advocate Rockhampton as the capital of tho future colony ? It was nevor urged or advocated by either the Separation Memorial leaves every detail to a Commission, and those who signed it are perfectly willing to abide by its 'decision. This is a very ntale game of the Courier's— its great object has beon from tho commencement to sow the seeds of jealousy between Rocklinmpton and tho other North ern-towns, and it succeeded we regret, to say to such an extent, that' the Bowon people refused to sign the memorial! But the littlo game is now being Been through by our northern friends, who find that Rock- liampto'n was honest in its intentions, and that the Premier has Bold them. . Of course the Courier conceives the other Northern members fought with judgment, because they fought againBt Separation and the North, and in favor of- annexation aud the South; it would have been the height of ingratitude if the Courier had turned round and abused the lion, members for doing that which tho bitterest enemies of the North could not have performed half so well. . Why they should have acted tho part thoy did wo are at a loss to understand, but " Dams sum, non QSdipus," therefore we must remain satisfied with the factB as tliey stand, itnd accept the apologies tho Courier makes for its very, good frionds— and comfort ourselves with the know ledge that the. Courier's praiBO condemns thom. " this muoh must bo stated in justico to tho mom- bore for tlio Northern districts gonerally, whoso con stituents nro probably qiiito aB well satisflod with thom ns thoso residing within tho olootovato of Rookhnmp ton are witli thoir representative." . ( This" is not fact— -the constituents of Messrs. DKSATaii-,- ' Scott, M'Devitt, nnd last but not leaBt — Palmer, aro not satisfied with their members— that is, if wo aro to nccopt the tones of the various Northern journals as proofs of tho general fooling. The Glad stone Observer is not particularly pleased witli Mr. Palmer, and there aro strong symptoms of discontent in tho columns of tlio Peak Downs Telegram ; the CJloveland Bay Empress, which is' invariably outspoken, has told tho North lately Very wholosome truths, and lays bare the policy of the pro- bent ministry with equal vigor and truth. Tho Mnekay 'Mercury and the Itavonswood Gazette are hand in hnud with us for Separa tion nt Dawes' Range, and iu fact wo fail to find in ono single instance that tho assertion of tho Courier is founded on a scintilla of fact. " Prone to insult and eager to destroy," our contemporary, then quotes that portion of Mr. Eyfe's speech whore " he' tried to ex plain awfty the action ho took oh becoming' a candidate for. the oflteo of Chairman of Com mittees." "VVo noed hardly say that the com ments upon what fell, from Mr. Eite aro most unfair, and we must add, piost untrue. "Such a statomont," (says tlio Courier, rolrrring to what Mr. Fyfo said about not sookitig a voto), " is a most extraordinary ono, but tho fact of its boing re- ooivad with ' loud choors'- proros that Mr. Fyfo krioty his, auditors, and how far ho could safoly go with. thorn. Hero is a representative, tho only tnombor paiil by -his constituents -in tho Assembly, who admits that ho rillowod himsolf to bo nomirintod to .an oflieo in whioh his mouth would bo olosed during tlio most important debates in tho Houso — tlio only dobutos, in faot, yvhibli would havo afforded him an opportunity of offering any practical obstacle to tho contiriuanco of ' tlio ex- . travnganco and nggraudisoinent of tlio South - at tbo oxponBe of the North'— and ho demands that tho courso ho took should bo approved of by tho oloctors, bocuuso although ho bocatno a oaudiduto ho did not canvass for votos !" \ Tho Courier, wilfully, of course, misinter- prots what .Mr. Eyre said; tho lion, gontlo-' man neither .remarkod nor inferred that, his mouth . would bo closed if he woro elected ; but ho did say, that, had he solicited votes lie . should .havo'Biierificed his independence. He tqld us ";asa paid representative he could not1 seek the appointment, and that it would. have been wrong of him. if ho had taken one step to procure it." Had Mr. Eyfe been elected without nny oU'orts on his own part, and not ;even the Courier accuses him ot' hnving made any, his independence as a member would; in ' nowise havo been affected, but had he solicited tho appointment— had ho placed himself under obligations to tho ministry and its followers — lie would have Bold himself; and his mouth would have been closed, save when lie said "" Thank you" for his quarterly cheque. Wo dare say, Mr. Eyfe was quito' right when lie nffirmcd that " a Chairman of Committee could always command two or throe votes, which as a private-member ho could not." The hon. member played no inconsiderable' part, some fow years since, on the parliamen tary stnge, and ts-no doubt well up in all the littlo dodges which, the Leader and other Southern journals' take such a special delight in exposing — and if lie, said that a Cltairtnau of Committees could command two or three votes, wo aro quite inclined to beliove hitn. The Courier says, iu answer to Mr. Eyfe's ' assertion that ho could not bring on the ques tion of Separation bofore the lust day of tho Session — " It did not occur to his henrers to nsk whothor thoir ropresontntivo hud not tlio snmo opportunity as any otliar prirato member of introducing tho subject. ut an oarly period of tbo sossion, and thoy were satisfied wilit the explanation that ho had allowod himsolf to bo talked ovor by tho Promior. However,, as ho as sured his renders that if ho had brought forward tho question soonor, not six mombers of tho colony , would lirivo supported him, it may havo, boon cotisidorod tUut itis dolay was not of much eonsequorico." Mr. Eyfe distinctly told us that ho had fre- . quontly naked Mr. Palmer for a day, and that lie, had beon positively refused even nn hour until the whole of tlio Government busi ness wns; concluded, and the hon. gentleman took excellent care it should not be concluded until tho vory moment for closing the House arrived. Tho delay was certainly not of much consequence; nor would it be of much con- spquence,-to our way of thinking, if the ques tions vvero never brought before the Brisbane House of Assembly nt all, its-fate there it needs no ghost to tell us. ! The Courier.: dnforms us, after the fashion of a Circumlocution olfico, how not to get Separation, but if we mistake not, his adyico will produce results diametri cally opposite to those intended ; we should' bo sorry to lose iiira ' as an" opponent,' for Irishcism as it'may nppenr, wo should miss an excellent' good friend. Our contemporary, with all his expressed' contempt for Mr, Eyfe, pays the hon. gentleman, indirectly, a very high compliment, by insisting upon it !that he ought to havo comprehended what no one else! could — not 6ven Mr. Palmer him self— the Einancial' Separation scheme. Mr. Eyfe protested against the clauses one by one! not because lie objected to thom, but bocauso he did not understand them, and when he asked . to be enlightened, no one could lot in i a ray of daylight. The electors of Rockhampton, although in tho/eyeB of the .exalted Courier, a vory foolish lot of people, really could not, stultify themselves so far as to' ask their member " why he should havo determined to protest against a measure, 'Clause , by _ clause, of . which he confessedly., knew nothing." The" fact that he was .ignor ant what the measure really meant, was the ' yery best reason why he should have opposed it; had he not opposed it, he would by his silence have sanctioned a something of which he knew nothing. As for the concluding portion of the Courier's article, we have to oxpresB ourselves aB exceedingly grateful for the warning'given to the electors of Rock hampton, who, however, wo are afraid prill fol low the course they have marked out for them selves. Our present evils triumph over the philosophy of our disinterested friend; we- must rebel upon principle, when our task masters sin' from policy; "'and when' ' our most determined opponent takes upon himself to lecture us and to favor us 'with advice; which from its disinterestedness muBt bo considered so invaluable, and from its artlessness so irre sistibly chnrmiDg. 