Tales. Tom Hellicar'8 Children. By L. C. Charter XYIII. — Orange Blossoms. Wb have seen that when Bichie proposed that Esther should ehare life ?with him, Caroline had pronounc & it impossible, and that the rest of the family, being liBed to consider her opinion as the ultimate in all matterB, had echoed 'impossible.' 'You know, mamma, it would never do,' Caroline had said, and though she did not make the reason very clear, force m _ ? a i ? j ? ? 4.^—4. Trminflr Inwr was CI Haulb uau luauv uef puicut, ouu wic ' — gent on his forlorn way. Now, it so happened, that gome time before Ruth's flight, a young clerical friend had been prbmeted in the diocese from catechist to deacon, and was doing duty for an elderly^ minister in a large parish, acting as his curate, until such time as, being ordained as a priest, he should be given a cure of souls himself ; and being a warm-hearted young man, with a prudent eye to the future, decided that nothing better became him than to look about for a young lady suitable for a country clergyman's wife, to whom he should engage himself until such times as, being provided with a parish and home, he might be in a position to marry. No one knowing Caroline Thorell could have doubted that she was the very person required, and so Mr. Lawrence explained to her. 'He is such a good man, mamma,' remarked Carry, as she discussed the matter subsequently with her mother, ' and wants someone to look after him so much. I never saw any one who needed a good wife so much— and I think— I hope, mamma, at least I would try, to be all he needed.' ' You told him so, dear ? ' ' I said, mamma, if you and papa consented, I would accept his offer.' Of course if Mr. Lawrence was to be regarded in the light of a young man who wanted a little eare and so on, no one could be better suited for such a life than Caroline. And then you know, mamma, I am so used to the schools, and the sick, and a small income, and all that sort of thing.' ' True, dear ; but I could have Wished my girl not to be obliged to continue to struggle with limited means,' and the mother put her arms about her child and took her to her loving motherly heart, and the two understood it as a settled arrangement ; and Mrs. Thorell, wife-like, watched impatiently for her hus band's return from a parochial round, and while he was investing himself in slippers and a home coat, the very value of which was its being so very ®ld and loose, and valueless, she communicated her important news, and the good man blessed his first born, and earnestly prayed for a blessing upon her and the one whom she had chosen. But it must be confessed that a strong misgiving came over him as to the course that had been pursued towards Esther and her lover — nor did he see, with that clearness that Caroline appeared to do, why it had been ' quite impossible' for Essie te marry — quite possible for her. True, if ever Carry was to marry, the time might safely be said to have come — she was thirty years of age, and a woman who had early matured — so that she was quite her age, as people expressed it ; while Essie was still a girl, though only six years younger. Then Mr. Lawrence was a very good man. That the father knew well, while he also agreed that the deacon needed some one to look after him. He was not very strong, and apt to be regardless of damp boots and overcoats, and not skilful in making pennies go as far as shillings ought to do. Moreover, he was a man who thoroughly enjoyed a good cup of tea, and a bright fireside, and to lean back in an arm-chair and talk over the events of the day with some sympathising companion. Just the man whom a good wife would be an untold bless ing to, but who would be likely to be short-lived as a single man. The first marriage in the family is always a subject of excitement. Such consultations — so much to say, and do, and think of— trifles invested with such im mense importance, as they had never assumed before. The bride-elect becomes a person whose words carry weight; who is consulted, and looked upon as an authority. Many were the conferences held by the three ladies ; how was Carry to be suitably equipped without over-stepping the boundary of their slender means? How was Essie to continue her duties as . governess, and attend to the schools and sick, un aided ? But here the third daughter, now growing a big girl, stepped in to help. In that loving, united household, how eagerly each desired to bear any necessary privations that the others might escape. Of their own accord the children suggested that their hats should be bleached and re-tnmmed, and they would do, quite nicely, without new ones, that sum mer; and the father put his letter, ordering some theological books, on to the fire, and said how fortu nate it was not posted — it would add a pound to the fund for dear Carry. 'And mamma we will make treacle do instead of butter for the winter — it is so much cheaper, you know, and the children are so fond of it,' suggested Essie ; in all which it will be seen that Carry's affairs were going cm very smothly, a narrow purse excepted. Then Mr. Lawrence rode over every fourth Saturday, and stayed the night, as he did duty among a few settlers and sawyers in a wild bit of forest country, adjoining Mr. Thorell's parish ; and the pastor and his wife, having accepted him as Caroline's husband, had opened their hearts to him as a son, a position 'which the amiable and worthy young man Boon filled en his own merits. Essie, with her heart-wound, was, of necessity, more than an on-looker in all these things. In her own mind she compared Bichie and the deacon, very much to the detriment of the latter, whom, truth, com pells me to acknowledge, was neither a handsome nor brilliant man. Now Bichie had a fund of hidden talent and ability about him ; he was always surpris ing you by some fresh revelation of knowledge you did not see how he had acquired — of clearness of judgment, or honourable principles that made you look round to see if the speaker was the lawyer s clerk, of whom that legal authority spoke so slight ingly. Moreover, he was a very presentable man, well grown and featured, while Mr. Lawrence was a good two inches shorter than Carry. All these matter Esther could not but fed, nor, with all Caro line's kindness, that there was not a consciousness in hermanner that she was successful in her woman's affairs, and her sister unsuccessful; and the younger jrirl stitched many a heartache into the robes she so industriously fashioned for the elect bride. She used to look so weary sometimes, that her father would insist on her putting away her work and joining him in a quick ride round the parish. Esther was much beloved among the poor. ' It's like the sunlight coming in at the door,' exclaimed one, with the poetry we often find in the Scotch. She was dying of a lingering consumption, the strong frame battling inch by inch with death. ' She's such abonnie leddie, and has such winsome ways wi her,' she commented aside to the minister. 'When they returned, Essie would have a rose on ner cheek, and the clear light in her blue eyes, though the face might bespeak too much patience, and the lines round the eye be bluer than they tbould be, Mr. Thorell had grown more observing of his second daughter than formerly, although ehe was always his secret favourite, and a suspicion began to cross his mind that Essie had not been fairly dealt by. Not wilfully, and of malice aforethought— but that, in their almost jealous love of each other, that they had too hastily decided to keep her among them, without considering her happiness in the matter ; and with the uprightness of character which distinguished him, he began to look about him to see how that mistake could be remedied. If he could only ascertain Bichie's feel ings and wish in the matter, and know that his child was still beloved, he would not hesitate to humble himself before the younger man, and put his inward communings into words, leaving the way open for him to resume his suit. But he did not know, nor had he any opportunity of ascertaining, without a direct communication with Bichie himself, and that, under the present aspect of affairs, was impossible ; his daughter's secret was too sacred to be rudely laid open to any one. Such was the state of affairs at the parsonage when Buth's flight brought Maud once more within its doors, and the explanation of the work in which she found the Misses Thorell engaged, for Mr. Lawrence was just ordained as a priest, and the marriage was to take place immediately, as he had been appointed to fill a vacancy in a large district, where there was some small diggings, and several preaching stations, involv ing long rides, frequent absences from - home, and much fatigue. Altogether a not very desirable posi tion as regards ease and comfort, but presenting a wide field of usefulness, in which light both John and Caroline were inclined to regard it. _ So that things were still prospering with them, particularly as Mr. Lawrence had unexpectedly come into a small legacy, only a couple of hundred pounds, but quite enough, to remove the perplexities of furnishing and travelling expenses ; fer, owing to that difficulty about the pennies and shillings, Mr. Lawrence had not been able to save money as a deacon, and he had had great difficulty in putting by so much of his stipend as catechist as to refund a sum lent him by a Mend to meet his previous expenses while at the theological college. 'However, Carry, we shall have no debts, and start fair with the world,' he explained. Altogether the aspect of affairs was as cheering as could be desired by persons who were not looking out for wealth, or a life of idleness. Into all this peace broke poor Buth's disappearance, which continued most perplexing. Unless Maud's terrible suggestion was correct, where could she be ? They had even ascended the ranges, and examined the deep sand stone gullies, with the thickest of flowering scrub. The freckle-faced youths came home like soldiers from the battle-field, blood-stained from wounds inflicted in galloping through the Podolobium scrub. Not a native dog could peacefully munch the bones of a lamb without being liable to have his lair invaded. The woods had rung with the sound of stock-whips, for the idea had gone abroad that Buth had just hidden, and then lost herself, in the bush. The best cooeyer in the district, a young man nearly six feet six in his boots, had cooeyed till he was hoarse ; two horses were hopelessly lamed ; beacon fires burnt on eminences for miles round ; and the police had ' kept an eye' upon so many persons that they must have had eyes with as many lenses as a house fly. The real cause of Buth's flight was carefully hushed up. ' 'Was the old man going to beat her ? ' queried an old fanner of Max Ibotson, who had grown strangely blue ; white he could not get. ' No, no, my good fellow — nothing of the kind. Mr. Hellicar was an excellent uncle to her.' ' Humph, there's them as thinks not — howsumever, it we knew why the gal run away, we might make a guess where to look.' ' That's it,' assented several young men, all so much alike, one would thinfc they had been struck out of the. Bame mould — none under 6ix feet, with light, well-formed noses, hollow cheeks and large beards. ' Perhaps she had a sweetheart,' suggested another settler ; ' gals will be fractious sometimes, if they get crossed.' Thi6 was coming painfully near the subject. Mr. Ibotson felt a reason must be given, and stammered out as firm as he could, ' We are afraid her mind was wrong — as a child she was very queer. In fact, the mother was hot quite sane.' 'True for yez, more botaken the mother bolted too,' replied one of the group of searchers. ' And the little chap as was with the lawyer,' ex claimed more than one. 'My word ! it runs in the family,' exclaimed ene of the young men. ' A many things runs in the family with widdies and orphans, Tim,' said the first speaker. ' Let's move on. You and Pat Nolan take up the Hank hill, and meet me and my boys at Bullock Creek ; and the tothers can go round the foot of the spurs, and then we'll all meet about sun down, and come back by the gap by nightfall.' This arrangement was agreed to. ' I think I will look nearer home,' said Mr. Ibotson. ' All right ; mayhap we shall find her all the sooner without you.' The sturdy settler was evidently inclined to view Buth's guardian through an un- : favourable light. The several parties rode away, and the wine mer chant turned his horse's head sadly towards Mr. Hellicar.' This was the second day ; where could the affrighted girl be ? Where but with her brother ? Then he put his horse into a canter, and soon was consulting with Mr. Hellicar. ' But how could she get there ? ' 'The road has not been followed beyond three or four miles. The men have all been about the ranges, and the police at the township.' ' She could not walk there ; it is forty-three miles — and she had no money — not a penny ; she never had — I still think she is concealed at the parsonage.' ' Nothing of the kind — the girls up there are like mad things— they are out day and night. Mrs, Thorell looks like a ghost, and has cried till her eyes are almost closed ; and I surprised the parson and two or three old men at prayers up in the bush — seeking directions as they said. I think it humbug, but still Thorell is not the man to do that sort of thing, and know it was a lie.' Even Bichard Hellicar felt the clergyman would not make a mock of holy things, nor lightly take the name of the Bedeemer on his lips. ' What shall we do ? ' After a pause. ' Go over to Biribang.' 'Every horse is knocked up.' ' So am I ; we must drive.' ' Star is hopelessly foundered in putting him over the logs, and the boys have out the carriage horses.' 'Then we must take the coach. Let me see, it passes at ten to-morrow.' ' Yes. We can make him give her up till she is of age ; but I do not see that there would be much good in that — of course the marriage cannot be brought about now. How would it be if we find her there to consent to her remaining — you might try and Boften her a little. I could speak of your affliction, and ? ' ' No. I'll have nothing more to de with the girl.' Max Ibotson could not get over the ' old ' and the hatred so lightly. 'But about the mcney — it is no use swearing, Ibotson ; we have only six months, and matters are worse now than they were ? ' The wine merchant paced up and down the room, cursing ; at length he paused. 'I'll try once more, and if I succeed she shall know what it is to make a fool of Max Ibotson ? ' Then Doctor Leary was announced. Time had not given a polish to that worthy practitioner ; he was just as red faced, and bluff, and noisv. For reasons of his own, he was disposed to think Buth might be safe somewhere. ' Morning — I expected to find never a soul about the place, instead of ye two in yer arm chairs ; a bad business, this. What do you think of it?' and he looked very hard at Mr. Hellicar. ' I am utterly at a loss, doctor. We always feared there was insanity.' ' Insanity be ? , the girl was as right as you, and more too, by Jabers.' And he nodded his head with a good deal of meaning. ' The mother, you know, and one of the boys dis appeared in the same mysterious manner.' ' Gone the same way, ye think, Mr. Ibotson ? 'Pon me soul I'll like to know they'd all took one road — fine young shaver that Jack was — gone the same way ye think — ha, ha.' ' I must say, doctor, I think your mirth very ill timed,' peevishly grumbled Bichard Hellicar. '? We are thinking of going to Biribang to-morrow, by coach,' explained the wine merchant. ' That brought me back. I was out with the party on the Hank-hills when it occurred to me she might have gone to her brother, and I galloped home to consult Mr. Hellicar here.' ' I'll go wid ye — would like to see Dick ? ' This was not agreeable to the conspirators. Still they could not object, after Mr. Hellicar had sug gested that on such a delicate family matter a stranger might be felt in the way. ' A stranger ! by Jabers, it's not Bichie would call the auld doctor that. I'll go — that's settled — and now I'll see Miss Maud, Bhe's took with hysterics again, the note says.' In fact, Maud was ill. The poor girl had been so agitated, and worried for some time past, that this last blow was too much. It was a far worse case than a fit of hysterics— something more like low fever, with tendings towards typhoid ; and the old man bent over his patient with a kindly sympathy, Very unlike his ordinary coarse, jovial manner. 