SANDHURST POLICE COURT. Thursday, 22nd June. (Before Mr. J. Cogdon, P.M.) Drunkenness.—One toper was mulcted in the sum of 5s. for getting drunk. Remanded.—Win. Sibley, who had been arrested on the previous diy on a chargo of larceny from the dwelling of Michael Barnes was remanded until tho 29th inst. Fraud Summons.—John O'Connell was summoned to show cause why ho did. not pay the sum of L3 to W. Nicholson. Mr. Motteram, for defendant, consented to pay 2». Gd. per week, and 15s. costs; and an order was made to that effect, in default of payment 14 days' imprisonment.' Civil Oases. J. Cain v. M. Gannon—LI 13s. 9d., goodB sold; order for amount, and 10s. costs, to bo paid by instalments of 5s. weekly, the first payment' to be on the 26tli inst. E. Brandt v. Peol and Co.—L3 6s. 7d., goods sold; order for amount, and 8s. 6d. costs. W. E. Masloy v. J. Frawley—L3 lis., work and labor; withdrawn; E. Hookway v. W. Ash croft—L2 9s. 3d., goods sold; order for amount. J. Hindmarsh v. W. Dickenson— LI 10a. 9d., board and lodging. Sandhurst School of Design.—Last night there wore forty-six pupils in attend ance. Ten additional pupils joined, making a total of about sixty. At the close of the evening it was aunouncod that Mr. D. Kennedy would deliver a lecture on Wednes day evening next on the science of mechanics, to the pupils, all of whom will be expected to be in attendance. Tub Weather.—The thermometer regis tered in tin shade at Messrs. Joseph and Co'ii., Pall Mall, yesterday, as follows:—Nine a.m., •IS*;noon, 07*; three p.m., 70*; six p.m., CO*; maximum, 74*; minimum during tin pre vious night, 45*. Barometer—Nin» a.m., 292G0*; »ix p.m., 29'210*. Government Tenders.—It will be seen by advertisement that tenders aro called for the conveyance of Her Majesty's mails to and from various places in this and adjoin ing districts. Tenders will be received at tho ollice of Trado and Customs up to tho 4th July. Bexiugo Benevolent Asylum.—The lion, treasurer, with thanks, acknowledges receipt of L13 12s. from the committee of the Local Insolvency Court Association, in aid of tho building fund of the above charity. The superintendent further acknowledges receipt of a parcel of books and periodicals from the Mechanics' Institute per Mr. Phillips, tho secretary. The St. Kii.ua Giiost Captured.—During the last fc.v days the nervous folks living in tho neighborhood of the East St. Kilda Cemetery have been enduring considerable alarm from the nocturnal appearance of a most unusual object, deporting itself in a fashion very much unlike ordinary bipeds. Superstition soon set it down as a ghost, and rumor did the rest. The eternal resource in all troubles of the outside world, viz., the police, was resorted to, and the invulnerable as well as inexorable peeler soon brought tho midnight rambler to bay. It appears that the ghost was of a very tangible character. A youth it appears had provided himself svith very high stilts which lie had covored with pantaloonB, and lengthened his arms propor tionately. Thus transformed ho amused himself in striding o.vor fences, tombstones, and every obstacle of moderate dimension, to tho astonishment of the neighbors and passers by. The identity being discovered, the fears of the neighbors are allayed.—Herald. Political.—The aspect of affairs in the Opposition corner (says tho Tclcijragh) appears to have drifted from bad to worse. Tho tompor of the members seems to have been soured by some recent misfortune, and they are more snap pish than of yore. Mr. Vale endeavors to snub Mr. Langton, Mr. Langton tires at Mr. Casey, the latter retaliates on Mr. Gillies, and tlio member for Maryborough hits all round, concluding by jumping on tho now Ministry. Tho crisis has brought some more uneasy spirits into tho midst of them. Mr. Cohen is now perched directly over tho head of Mr. MacBain, so that one volumo of poetry will serve tho two if they can agree to use it. Mr. Cohen provod hia right to a position Amongst tho Ishmaolitcs by breaking a lanco on Wednenday night with Mr. Vale. 