TERRIBLE SCENES. The Paris correspondent of the Times, writing under date April 10, says:— A heavy fusillade was audible from the side of Colombes and Asnieres, and, supposing Neuilly to be in consequence tolerably ijuiet, I resolved to attempt a visit as far as I could penetrate through the Boib de Boulogne. My ambulance uniform •erred to pas 3 me through the Dauphine gate, and, mindful of the rumor that the Bois was occupied by the Versailles party, I skirted •long its edge, keeping as much as possible in the dyke which bounds it, until I reached the spot from which the ambulance waggons were forced to fly some four days ago. Everything seemed tranquil, and so I tied on my brassard and put a bold face on the matter, determined to plead hospital business, should I find myself in a dilemma. Neuilly is, without metaphor, a city of the dead. As far as the principal avenue is concerned there i 3 nothing remarkable to be seen. Brown- red spots upon the pavement mark the passage of death, while holes ploughed in the ground and trees torn up and scattered show that the struggle was a desperate one. The side streets present a heartrend ing spectacle, and- give ua a foretaste of what we are to expect should the Versailles army force an entrance into Paris. Piles of bodies, Versaillais and Federals, littered the doorsteps, and lay in heaps beyond the stair cases, while long, thin lineß of blood marked the progress of some victims, wounded unto death, who had crawled into a cupboard or be neath the shadow of a fireplace, and lay there ■till, with calm, white faces, fixed in ghastly relief in the light that penetrated down the chimney. In some instances there had evi dently been a severe contest, hand to hand. Men lay in twos and threes, one upon another, and I felt like a ghost in some Icelandic talc of horror, the only living creature among so many dead. The distant fusillade and crash of shells served but to increase the stillness and impress me with {he general huah. I was astonished to re mark that several women had fallen, in one in stance pierced by many bails. All of them ware in the cantiniire uniform, some with a gaily-painted little cask strapped round the waist, others with pistols undischarged still in their belt?. There was one lying alone within a courtyard, a handsome young woman, with blaok hair braided about her temples, a smile upon her lips, and the fragment of a sabre in her hand. She belonged to the 68th battalion, and had been struck down by the explosion of a shell. Further on, half buried under a heavy door which had fallen from its hinges, were two men, one a sailor and the other a ■oldier of the line, killed by fragments of the same projectile, and half across the door and over the courtyard stones were trails of some long creeper, just bursting into leaf. Many houses are unroofed and open to the sky, while shattered blocks of stone and heaps of bricks and slate render some of the narrow laneß almost impassable. I find upon inquiry that a very large proportion of the victims of the laat few days are women, counting together those who have been killed by accident and those who have perished sword in hand. One lady, in deed, bids fair to rival Tneroigne de Mfricourt —" Citoyenne Eudes," as she is called, wife of the General of the same name, who now com mands at Issy, and who is a member of the Com mune. It is said that she has been under fire several times, and has picked off her men with soldierly tang-froid. I wandered from street to street and about the charming villas that nestle among trees along the Neuilly-road, and a melancholy sight they are. Everywhere choice shrubs lying prone upon the ground, and fragments of china vaseß and splinters of green shutters—statues without heads, fountain-tazzas overturned, balconies torn down, and verandahs bent and broken. In those cases were doors remain intaot the win dows are all shattered, and rooms and garden walks are strewn with broken glass. Fortu nately, almost all furniture has been removed, and even in such houses as still boast of our tains and household stuff but little appears to have been taken by the plunderer. Meanwhile, I became aware that the battle on my left was increasing in intensity. The : long Avenue of Neuilly became perforce a kind of neutral ground, being swept by both parties, from the ramparts as well as from the batteries of Courbevoie. A division was therefore made of the Versailles Corps d'.Vrmee, one portion retiring upon Boulogne and the racing- ground of Longchamps, the other occupying Sablon ville. These two divisions poured a joint fire on the Porte Maillot, aided in their efforts by shells and boitet a ntitraille from Mont Yale'rien. The trees that still remain in the Bois appeared on fire, half enveloped as they were in a dense white smoke. A violent fusillade continued, lasting until sunset, while shells were incessantly hurled on Maillot, the Ternes, and the Arch of Triumph. Five projectiles fell within the American ambulance, which is empty and left to its fate ; twenty more exploded at the top of the Champs ElyJees within balf-an- hour. Foot-passengers fled scared, or shrunk under the shadows of the houses, and the National Guards remained hidden behind corners, shaking their fists and rowing vengeance on the canaille. "We have had enough of this," they said. "We have been too long suffering with those brutes. Out with the feu Oregeois, the pi crate de potasse, and the dynamite. We will sweep them from the face of the earth!" And they waved their arms and uttered imprecations, and then re sumed their pipeß and retired still further under shelter, quite satisfied with their own conduct. The Paris correspondent of the Daily Tele graph, under date April 19, sbvb: —The day has passed off with alternations of rain, •quails, and cannonade. Fighting is going on as usual, and it seems likely to go on indefi nitely, if no arrangement can be made. The Commune, however, is slowly getting the worst of it. The fact is proved by certain signs supplied bj the Journal OJficiel itself, which id full of all kinds of threats against the men who " refuße to march" — thus indicating that men are run ning short — but which contains no eort of allusion to tha battles of the last two days about Aecieres, thereby showing that even Communal invention cannot screw a success out of those engagements. My doctor told me this morning that the number of Federals wounded since Monday is very large. Most of them, as I said in v recent letter, are carried to their own lodgings, so as to be out of Bight when the Versailles como in. The conse quence is, that, irrespective of the ambulance Burgeons, every ordinary doctor has a lot of them on his hands. Mine had eight cases from yesterday's combats alone, most of which he thinks will end in amputation—that is to Bay, in death, for throughout the war scarcely any amputated men have recovered. After wander ing about for two hour? to-d iy I met ono ac quaintance. The emptiness, the dulness of the place are beyond description. Even Theophilo Gautier, who is iudisputubly tho greatest master of adjectives now alive, would fail to find a sufficient epithet for the present condition of the streets of Paris. " Communal sadness" will henceforth Crebly express it to thoee who have Been it; but to the absent—and the absent arc nearly all tho world —tlut phrase can have no meaning. Excepting that we have gas, Paris is now inGnitely more miserable th:i:i when I came in, just after the sie^e, on the 2nd February. Sate at the food shops uui the chemists, shut ters are up everywhere; and even the butchers are closiug their door?, having no ou-at to sell. The B;.n is going clown in a bauk of black clouds, against which little columns of white smoke are rising. I cannot see the fight, for the houses hide it; but th it smoke shows me where it is, and tho incessant mil of explosions con firms the indication. A wotnau was carried past on a door an hour ago; she wns covered with a bliio blanket, and I could not mako out what hud happened to her ; but as she was borne by Federates I supposed she had been hit by a shell. Directly afterwards two omnibuses full of dead men were driven past my door, oomitig from the Porte d'Asnieres. I did not see the sight, for I had ju^t, left the window ; but my concierge tells me the bodies were'piled up like lutjij^ji' in a railway van. As I write (7.30 p.m.) the firing ha? suddenly become most Tioleiit all round Is'euilly ; ilont Valerieii is furi ously throwing shells, which are bursting in front of me like rockets in the bouquet of a firework. Yet people are dawdling along in the street as if nothing were the matter. Night falls fast, and the flashes from Yalerien grow more and more mid; the shells come half a minute after the light of the gun, and burst 500 yards in front of me, round the Arc de Triomphe. They are fired straight at my windows; but, luckily for me and my belongings, I am outside the range they have to cover, so I can safely look them in the face. With the daily continuance of the fighting the most violent among the " Beds" become even more desperate. The women have now at length come to the front in regular military form. This afternoon we were all drawn to the windows by the sound of a band, and those who went to see were delighted by the spectacle of a com pany of women dressed as National Guards, fully armed and equipped, with musicians at their head, marching down the Faubourg Pois sonnidre towards the barracks. Beaten though we were yesterday, we had time for some plun der, and visited the establishment of the Sisters of St. Germain de l'Auxerrois—women poor themselves, who work hard to maintain them-" selves and instruct the children of the poor. Not much money was found in the cash-box ; but we are not scrupulous, and were content with what we did find—some 600f. 