POETRY. JIM BLI7DS0, OF THE PEAIEIE BELLE. By the Authob of " Little Bbeeches." (FROM THE HEW YORK TRIBUNE.) Wall, no! 1 can't tell whar he live*, \- Becaee he don't live, yon eee; Leastways, be'e got oat of the habit Of livin' like you and roe. Whar have yon been for the laet three year That you haven't heard folke tell How Jimmy Blndeo pawed in bis checks. The night of the Prairie Belle 1 He weren't no saint—them engineer* la ail pretty much alike— One wife in Natchez-under-the-Hill And another one here, in Pike. A keerlees man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row But he never flunked and he never lied, I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had— To treat his engine well; Never be passed on the river; To mind the pilot's bell; And if ever the Prairie Belle took fire, " A thousand times be swore, He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mississip, And her day oome at last— The Moras tar was a better boat, But the Belle ahe wouldn't be passed. And so she come tearing* along that night— The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety valve, And her furnace crammed, roain and pine. The fire bust out as she clued the bar, And burnt a bole in the night, And quick as a flash she turned, and made For that wilier-bank on the right. There waa running and coning, but Jim yelled out, Over all the infernal roar, " I'll hold ber nozzle agin the bank Till the last galoot's ashore." Through the hot, black breath of the burnin' boat Jim Blndao's voice was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedneas, And knowed he would keep his word. And, aure'a you're bom, they all got off Afore the smokestacks fell— And Blodeo'a ghost went up alone In the emoke of the Prairie Belle. He weren't no eaint—but at jedgment I'd run my chance with Jim, 'Longzide of some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shook hands with him. He seen his duty, a dead sure thing, And went for it thar and then; And Christ aint a goin' to be too hard On a man that died for men. 