SELECT POETRY. THE. UNLUCKY LOVERS. A Tat.t? of .Tapan Eanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of the great Tycoon : She wore her head bald, and her clothes were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon; Her face was the colour of lemon-peel, And the shape of a table spoon. A handsome y6ung chap was Johnny Hi-Hi, And he wore paper-muslin clothes; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape -of a shoe-brush rose; His eyes slanted downwards, as if some chap \- ■ Had savagely palled hiB nose. ITanny Foo-Foo loved Johnny Hi-Hi, And when in the usual style He popped, 8he blushed such a deep orange tinge; You'd have thought she'd too much bile, If it hadn't been for her slant-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft in the bliss of their new-born love, Did these little Pagans stray All around in spots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanese way; She howling a song to a one stringed lute, On which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced him on her nose, Or elss she would get in a pickle-tub, And be kicked about on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the fierce Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so toagh That his courtiers' hair would have stood on end If only they'd had enough. So the Tycoon buckled on both his swords, In His pistol placed a wad, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod. He found them enjoying their guileless selves On the top of a lightning-rod. Sternly he ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To " come down out of that there!" And he told Hi-Hi to so to a olace— I won't say precisely where, Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms \- evinced Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas! was badly fooled, Despite his paternal pains, For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Oat of his jugalar veins; While with a back somersault on the floor \- Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, Bight under a dogwood tree, Where they could liBt to the nightingale, and Tto buzz of the humble-bee; And where the mosquito's sorrowful chant Maddens the restleBB flea. And often at night when the Tycoon's wife Slumbered as sound as a post, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That Beared him to death almost; 'Twas a bald-headed spectre flitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. —Australasian. 