AMHERST HOSPITAL FETE, 1871. The Amherst Hospital fete, having arrived at the seventh year of its existence, may be considered a permanent institution, and we believe it may lay claim to the honor of being the first regularly organised scheme for assisting a public charity through the medium of a general holiday and a day's enjoyment. Since the 6th of December, 1865 — the date on which the first fete was held on the racecourse at Talbot— the example has been followed with various degrees of success in numerous parts of the colony. But taking into consideration the number of the inhabi- tants in the borough of Amherst and its neighborhood, together with the moderate amount of wealth (comparatively speaking) that the district represents, and considering also the number of times the fete has been repeated, we fear no contradiction in stating that up to the last gathering, on the 9th of November, 1870, the Amherst Hospital fete has not been surpassed in popularity and success by any festival of the kind in Vic- toria. This year the fete was more success- ful still, and our illustration is taken from a sketch by an artist specially sent to Talbot for that purpose. It took place on Wednesday, 1st November, and the forma- tion of the procession began at ten o'clock a.m., and at eleven it commenced to parade the town. There must have been nearly 1000 men in the procession, and of these over 300 were mounted. There were the Majorca Hussars, Grant's Guards, the Bashi Bazouks, Bet-Bet Light Horse, Middle Creek Hussars, Talbot Lancers, Cameron Mounted Rifles, Richardson's Show, Friendly Societies, Fijian Chiefs, Amherst Nimrods, Miners, Naval Brigades, Glengower Hussars, the Bounding Bricks of Ararat, Wizards and Spiritists galore, Punch and Judy, Reclaimed Cannibals, Knights, Court Fools, Pages, Queens of Beauty, Sons of Temperance, Cagliostros the Third, Fire Brigades, the Scandinavian Society, ghosts, satyrs, and fawns, Wallace and Bruce and Sir Jasper de Luce, Dunolly tilters and Carisbrook matadors. Altogether they made up such a novel and motley assemblage as is seldom seen except at these annual fetes. The procession was most artistically arranged, and the dresses, heraldic emblems, armor, &c;, of the numerous his- torical characters was gorgeous, and, in the the most of cases, correct. The allegorica and fanciful tableaux, characters, &c.;, were the best we have ever seen, and the mythological men and animals were numerous, and as mysterious and indescrib- able as their designers could desire. The procession, after completing the usual route through the town, finally disbanded at Camp- street with three cheers for the Queen, and the performance of the National Anthem. In the expectation of a visit from Mr. J. M. Grant, the present Minister of Lands, who, however, was unavoidably absent owing to parliamentary duties, it collatidn had been prepared at Lyon's. Hotel. Prior to visiting the grounds a number of the leading gentlemen partook of the repast. Mr Merilz Cohn, insir, y.m-!;-!.-.!' -/. Us-j r^mbfc, Mr; fifodii ;; ? THE SEVENTH ANNUAL AilHERST HOSPITAL FETE, HELD AT TALBOT, VICTORIA/.'. 1st NOVEMBER 1 8 7 L^see pa-je 219. THE SEVENTH ANNUAL AilHERST HOSPITAL FETE, HELD AT TALBOT, VICTORIA/.'. 1st NOVEMBER 1 8 7 L^see pa-je 219. J.P., acting as chairman. The places of amusement on the ground were arranged pretty much in the form of a circle, with the dancing marquee in the centre, {Richardson's nhow, whose company played a piece entitled St. George and the Dragon ; the Varieties of The Bounding Bricks, who favored their patrons with vocal and acrobatic perform ances, and the ladies' bazaar, being the most prominent features. At the bazaar a mag nificent display of goods was made, the fol lowing ladies presiding at the stalls : — For Talbot, Mesdames I. Andrews, Muhlan, Jacobson, Denithorne, Miss Tobias, Miss Powell, Mrs. Earl, Mrs. Solomon, the Misses Nankivell, Mrs. Croeks, and Miss Heggie ; and for Amherst, Mrs. and Miss Douglas, Miss Hamilton, and Mesdames J. P. Smith and Harding. The total receipts amounted to close upon £900 ; and before quitting the subject, it is but just to say that Mr, Fowler, Mr. Andrews, and their energetic coadju tors, deserve the very greatest p_raise for their untiring exertions in getting up so brilliant and successful a gathering. 