OUR AMUSEMENTS. prince of wales opera house. Mr. Morton Tavares has commenced a short engagement at this theatre, and appeared as Hamlet on Saturday evening. We have already noticed his impersonation of this great character, and have given him much credit for his clever conception and pourtrayal. It is, especially in the third and fourth acts, a well defined, natural, and artistic performance. He was well supported by Mr. Bartlett as the Ghost ; the rampart scene particularly being very effectively rendered, and the speech finely enunciated. Miss Rosa Cooper as the Queen is deserving the highest encomium. The part of Ophelia was carefully and pleasingly sustained by Miss Carey, although it will be well for this young lady to address herself more to those with whom she is talking on the stage, than the audience. It is a bad habit, and one that once contracted is difficult to break off. " London Assurance," with Mr. Tavares as Sir Harcourt Courtley, one of his best, if not the best of his impersonations, was given. Mr. Bartlett made a very gentlemanly Dazzle, but Mr. Sims was sadly out of place as Dolly Spanker. He appeared to have entirely mis conceived the character, and made it more that of a clown than a country gentleman. The charmingly- written comedy of "The two Roses" was pro duced on Tuesday evening. Miss Surtees appeared much more at home in her impersonation of The White Rose, which she took with considerable ability. She was very well supported by Miss Carey, as the Red Rose. Mr. Tavares does not make a character of Digby Grant, and the only point, and really commendable piece of acting, is the scene in which he suddenly becomes rich, and the careless in difference and hauteur with which he writes and presents cheques for various amounts to his friends and attendants. On Saturday ' ' After Dark " is announced to be produced. royal victoria theatre. The first representation of a play, entitled " Man and Wife," — or "Man, Mistress, and Wife," — as it was at first announced, from a novel of that title by Wilkie Collins, took place on Saturday evening. It certainly has been put on the stage with considerable care, and as far as the acting is concerned, is the best drama that has yet been brought out. There is, however, in its composition much of a highly objectionable character, and in its tone and language does not tend to elevate the drama. There is no reason why the stage should be at variance with the pulpit, or the pulpit at variance with the stage, as, under proper management, the stage may be made to be produc tive of much good to society. It cannot, however, be said, that pieces of the character of " Man and Wife," although pandering to the tastes of the public, are calculated to do any good. It is pitiable to notice the deterioration of the taste of the public, preferring, as they do now-a-days, sensational, indecent, and immoral productions rather than the legitimate drama. Mr. Darrell certainly acquitted himself well as Geoffrey Delemayne, and, indeed, it is the best cha racter in which he has yet appeared. Mrs. Darrell, as Anne Sylves ter, was not so effective, and at times was prone rather to bid for applause by powerful declamation than by the pourtrayal of grief, shame, rage, remorse, love, and hate which might not unnaturally have been supposed to be the leading features of the betrayed woman. The only other character, worthy of especial notice, is that of Bishop- riggs, a canny Scotch landlord, very ably impersonated by Mr. An drews. The race scene, a burlesque almost of the Derby scene in " After Dark," was the weakest part of the piece, as there was no attempt at anything like arrangement. In it Vertelli gave some very clever exhibitions of his juggling and acrobatic powers, the fire-eating illusion, especially, being very cleverly done. The race itself was an absurdity. The situations are all effective and well posed. Miss Melville sustained the r6le of Hester Dethbridge, the dumb woman, with considerable care and effect. The minor characters were very fairly and evenly sustained. 