A CHRISTIAN'S RELATIONS TO THE WORLD. The point of view from which a Christian Is UUiULiU WW VYwjr iXL'tVVUlLij' or earthly, is the cross. His estimate of present thiuQS is to be taken from thence. But the world, viewed from that point,, is a withered and a desolate thing.. It is already a juduud world. A man of Christ is one wlio is- by faith already alive from the dead. He is thus dissociated effectually from all that which is' not standing iu the power of redemption. The basis and condi tion of true Christian society is life in the risen and ascended Christ. To recognise a fellowship on any other basis is to deny in principle the fir.st truth of the Gospel; hence tho enrucstness of the exhortation from the varied forms of natural evil, which in their aggregate express the " world,'! addressed to the believer's conscience. Testimony and not communion is the inoper character of a Christiau's intercourse with the world. It is the end of a man who . determines his way. But u Christiau's end is Christ. . . " To me to live is Christ." He has not maiiy ohafacters to sustain, but one. To associate for the sake of personal advantage with those who lovo not the Lord is to dishonor Him, and. to bring the rebuke of His Spirit on our souls by declining the crosg and departing from the place of testimony to His name. To enter into combination or con federacy with unbelievers for the furtherance of objects common to all, is to forget that no. object can exist in the heart of a spiritual, man in sepa ration from tho glory of God at its end. But that glory can, on our part, bo asserted only by obedience to the truth ; and it is the word of truth that denies community of interest to bo . compatible with the difference which God has Established permanently between a Christian and tho world. A simple-minded Christian is not deceived by names so long as ho is nourished by the sincere milk of the word. But such a one, the difference between flesh and spirit, between God and tho world, is not only confessed as a doctrine, but experimentally understood. He knows — and it is indeed a solemn consideration — that the truth of God in Christ — if it be not effectual through faith imto salvation in them that hear, is to the negligent unbelieving a witness unto coudemun- tiou and a token of destruction. The world has not become the friend of God because it has bor- rowed the name and outward profession of Christ. If Jesus be not owned in truth, accord ing to the witness aud in tlie power of the Holy Ghost, the debased and misappropriated doc trines of the Gospel are but the spoils of God'a dishonored Son, for which inquiry shall surely be made at the appointed time.- -A. PninnAst. 