THE AUSTRALASIAN WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. SEVENTEENTH CONFERENCE. The Adelaide Conference of 1870, having resolved that the Conference of 1871 be held in Hobart Town, arrangements were made by the local Wesleyans for hospitably entertain- ing the ministers, in which they were kindly aided by friends of other denominations, who expressed their readiness also to receive visitors. The total number of hosts and hostesses ex- ceeded forty, to entertain between fifty and sixty ministers during the sittings of Conference. The stationing Committee was appointed to sit on Tuesday, the 17th January, and the Conference proper to commence on the Thursday following, which would make what are called the Conference Sunday, when the pulpits of the different churches are usually supplied by Conference ministers, to fall on the 22nd and 29th instant. The plan of public services, which appeared in good time, con- tained the usual appointments of Conference Prayer Meeting, Love Feasts, Annual Meeting of the Foreign Missionary Society, Ordination Service, and otherwise. Advantage was taken of the occasion, also for having the annual sermons in behalf of the New Town Wesleyan Sunday School, and to arrange for the opening of the newly erected Wesleyan Church in Upper Davey-street, but in consqueuce of the building not being ready, the latter arrangement had to be abandoned The flrst arrival of ministers from the other colonies took place by the Tasmania, from Sydney, on Friday, the 13th, namely: The Revs. Isaac Harding, James Phillips, W. J. K. Piddington, W. Curnow, J. Oram, B. Chapman, George Martin, G. Hurst, S. Rabone. Henry Gaud, J. Watkin, and J. B. Waterhouse. On the same day, by the Derwent, other ministers arrived at Launceston, namely, Revs. James Bick- ford, Joseph Dare, J Watsford, William P. Wells, W L Blamires, J. Cope, Thomas Williams, James Dodgson, and R. Fitcher, from Victoria; Thomas James, W. L. Binks, C. H. Goldsmith, and G. W. Patchell from South Australia; A Reid (New Zealand), and Isaac Rooney Friendly Islands. By the Tamar, on the 19th, the Revs. Peter K. C. Ussher, J. W. Crisp, W. Woodall, and Edward King, of Victoria, arrived; and on the 20th, the Revs. George Woolnough, B. A. , Charles Lane, George Daniel, Josiah Turner, and John B. Smith, also of Victoria, came by the City of Hobart. The Stationing Commmittee met at Melville-street Church on Tuesday, the 17th, and sat again to a late hour on the 18th. In the evening of the 18th the Rev James Bickford, of Melbourne, preached at Melville-street Church to a numerous congregation, and the Rev. William P. Wells preached at the same church on the succeeding evening. We proceed to furnish a resume of the proceedings up to yesterday. FIRST T DAY - THURSDAY, JANUARY 19th. The seventeenth annual Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church began its sitting at ten o'clock this morning in the Melville-street Church. The ministers present from other colonies were - The Rev. John Waterford (President of the Conference), James Bickford, Thomas Williams James D Dodgson, William P. Wells, Joseph Dare, John Cope, W. L. Blamires and Richard Fitcher, from Victoria; Rev. George Hurst (ex-President), Stephen Ra- bone (General Secretary of Missions), James Watkin, Henry H. Gaud, Benjamin Chapman, Jabez Waterhouse, Joseph Oram, William Curnow, George Martin and James Phillips, from New South Wales; Rev. William L. Binks, Thomas James, George W. Patchelll, and Charles H. Goldsmith, from South Australia; Rev. Isaac Harding, from Queensland: Rev. Alex- ander Reid from New Zealand; Rev. I. Roooney from Fiji; besides the Revs. Hans Mack, and James Graham, Hobart Town, James Hutchinson, New Town, John Harcourt and Nathaniel Bennett, Launceston, Samuel Ironside, Longford, Thomas F. Bird, New Norfolk, Wm. A. Quick Horton College, Joah. White, E. W. Nye, Mersey, and other min- isters in full connection residing in this colony, except the Rev. A, Inglis, of Westbury, who was prevented by illness from being present. The Conference was opened by singing the 478th hymn of the Weslleyan hymn-book: after which the Secretary read a psalm and the Revs. S. Rabone and H Gaud engaged in prayer. THE NEW PRESIDENT. Tile Conferonce was then addiossed b) the lothlng Piosldent (the Ho« G Hurst), who in a few oirnest and appropriate »entonces introduced the lie« .lohn Wittsford, of Ballarat, ns his successor, at the same time handing oior to him a copy of the Wordof God.theConfeieneu Seal, and the Conforouco J°Tho now l'resldont then took the chair and dollvorod tho Í0»MrnEÍA'deiTt and llrothron-I thank yon for the very kind and cordial way In which «mi have rcoelvod ino tfl-dayas I President of this Conferonce It assnros mo that, whilrt I feel 1 Ma tor tow being »U that yow rwiMwrt «bpuld be, jet you I «vill bear «vlth and help me, and pray that God may bless and guide and sustain me in the high position In which you and tile British Conference have placed me I do not intend to try to make a long speech Wo have so much to do, and so little time to do it that It would 111 become mo to tako up the time of the Confcronco by any lengthy address But you «vin I am sure kindly allow mc to gi« o expression to the feelings of my heart on this occasion " I thank God for my connection «vith Mothodisni I sin eerely feel It, «then I sty «vhat has boen often said that I o«ve all I am and havo, under God to this church Converted nt the age of eighteen under Us minlstrv I havo for moro than thirty three ycirs enjoyed its privileges and have had the great honour of being ona of Its ministers for ti« ont) oi"ht years I mourn to day oter much unfaithfulness but I bless God that I am still numbered among lils sonants and that I havo not altogether laboured In «alu When I entered upon this «voik I knew there «vere manv things I could not bo many things I could not do lint I was fully convince 1 that I might bo an oirnest an I successful preacher of the Gospol and bo mstru mental In saving souls I determined Go 1 helping mo to aim at this, amil hope and believe that in my humble way, this lias to somo extent been accomplished I "Irejolco to say tint my iittichmcnt to Motiioiusni nas grown with my jean and in) love to our ¡dorions church and all connected «lilli itis e,reitor now than oior It was Igrcatly lo/e and respect its niliiirti rs Whatever falliuts and lnflrmi ties tiley may have I regard Hiern as true men of God, true Servants of Jesus Christ who mike it the one gn-at business of their lives to save souls I csteom «cry highly in lo«e foi their work s sake those wdin arc associated «« ith us In tiio «vork of the Church- our local lue iclicrs, our leaders our Sabbath schoolteachers our stewards our tract distributors, onr prayer leaders-a noble band of working men and women greatly honoured and blessed by Go 1 I lo«e our Methodist ircoplo the ti ousands and tons of thousands «« ho have tasted that tho Lordisgncious and are walkin!, In the fear of the Lord, nI"l the comfort of the Holy Ghost "I think God for our Methodist doctrino our clear noll defined S)stom of theology Whit some others regard as our fault and weakness «vonll I nm ama most heartily praiso (lol for a sistcmof thoolog) which wo beliovo to bo tiuly scriptural from «vlileb we lino no desiro to depart from which «ve emnot depart and continue ministers of this Church, and from which, thank God «vc ha«o not doparted Whilst there have been changos all around us whilst the conflict of mind has been so great and tho failures so many wo havo still hold by the faith delivered unto les and neither because It has been fashionable nor because it has boon considered «cry Intellectual hate wa run after tho orrors so popular in those days I pray God that wo mi) ovorbo kept faithful | " I thank God for our Methodist discipline, and I would say, «vlth thoso who havo preceded mo, that I rojoico that «vo are still dctormined not to reckon or regard any one os a member of this Church who does not moot in class «vitli us. Whilst feeling sorry for tho brother, I am thankful for «vhat our fathers and brethren did at the into British Conferonce. We liai'e from the first contended for Christian communion, and «ve havo it here. Wo bclievo that «vo ought to know- who and «vhat tiley are who como to the Lord's tnblo ; and whilst other churches have their plaiiB mid arrangements for knotv Ing tills, we havo ours, and «ve aro'prcpared to abide by it. " I praise God that 1 have had any part in the great mis- sionary ivork, and I rejoice ««'Hil you in the financial position of tho Socioty last year. 1 hope it may be as good this year. Our Missionary Society is in many respects in n very critical position just noiv, and it should have our sympathy and prayers T lw»ll«vn «vp 'im Htdit as JL Conference in taking these missions under our care : that oil «vo do for tbo missions not only doo« not hinder our home w'ork, but greatly helps it, and 1 think «vo are greatly honoured and blessed by our con- nection witli this noble institution. " A»atformorConferences,«ve miss today soma of thoso «vho so earnestly laboured amongst us, and so greatly helped in all our deliberations. They liai'e finished their work, and entered Into thoir rest. And our ivork, brethren, will soon bo onded. May wo do it «veil 1 And when the ond comes, may wo ontor Into the Master's joy ! " I am »ure that I may say «va all deoply feol hoiv heavy has hoon the blow that has fallen upon tho causo or edu- cation In general, and Methodist education In particular, by the latuontod death of Dr. Corrigan, and that «vo vory sincerely sympathise with Brother Waugh and all connected «vlth Wesley College in tills sad heroaveincnt. " And now, brothron, I pray God that wo may have a good Conference. Lot us consecrato ourselves to God, and earnestly pray for tho baptism of the Spirit. Let us do the work ns brethren, and as servants of Jesus Christ. And as it is very desirable that ««'ohavo a short Conference, lot us do tho busi- ness with all the dispatch consistent with its importance ; nnd may God Moss us !" ' ELEUTION Ol' BEOltETAltlES. ' The Rov. B. Chapman «vas roolected Secretary to tho Con- ference, and Revs. J. Waterhouse and N. Bennett were ap- pointed Assistaiit-Socrotiiries. Tho Rov. J. Hutchison was appointed Conference Letter Writer. , . LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Leavo of absence was granted to the following Chairmon of dlstrlctswho wero unablo to attend :-Tho Roi-s. J. S. Waugh, T. llmldlo, and J. Duller. VOTES OF THANKS. Votes of thanks, which ««oro duly ncknoivledgod, «vero I unanimously presented to tho retiring Prosldont, and the Sec- retary for their services during the past yoar. I HKPI.Y OF THE lilUTlSlI CONFERENCE TO THE ADDRESS. The reply of the British Conference of 1870 to tho address of tho last Australasian Conference was road and received, and arrangements made for tho preparation of tho address to the British Conference for tills year. KULI, CONNECTION. The following ministers were received into full connection with the Conference : Tho Roi-s. M. Maddern, .T. W. Brown, G. H. Holmes, J. A. Waddell, E Taylor, II. Mooro, W. Weston, E. J. Bickford, II. Catford, T. E Ick, ILA., C. Lancaster, J. Haslam, W. Ollvor, J. Osborne, and A. J. Webb. MISCEMANEOUd. The resignation of tivo preachers ou trial «vasucccpted. The last few minutes of the afternoon sossion «vere occupied with miscellaneous business. The Ex-PrcsIdcnt, and Messrs Copo, Wells, and Gold- smith «vero appointed a subcommittee to iniostigatc the stato of tho Education Fund, and to bring np a report to tho Conference. The Chairmen and representatives of tho various districts wore appointed a siib-coimnlttce to consider and report on matters relating to the Sunday Schools of tho Wcsloyan Church. Notice of motion was given by tho Ex-President with refer- ence to tile moda of electing district representatives to tile Conference. Tlio Conference adjourned a few minutes after f> p.m. CONFERENCE I'ltAl'UIt «IEET1NO. At noon on the sanio day tlio Confeienco adjourned, mid the doors «vere throivn open for the public couforenco prayer mooting, «vhich «vas attonded by a large iiudtoncc. The Rov. the President took the chair, and oponed the meeting, being followed In prayer by tile Rovs. Messrs. Wutkin, Hurst, T. Williams, Uinks.nndA. Roid. SECOND DAY-FitiDAY, JANUARY 20TH. CANDIDATES FOR THE MINISTRY. Thofallotvlngyoiingnion wore acceptod on trial:-W. II. Beale, R MclCcoivn, J. Woolnough, H. Youngman, T. Mooro, A. Mldîloy, T. P. Reeve, 0." II. Inguinells, II. E. Merriman, J. W. Ingham, J. II. Tuckflold, A. J. Boglo, W. II. Pollard, J. C. Macdougall, W. Burridge, W. S Harper, W. B. Marton, and II. J. C. Gilbert. OIIITIIAIIY. Tho death of one minister since last Confcronco, the Ile«'. R Amos, of Parramatta, N.S Wales, was roportod The Rovs. S. Rabona and II. Gaud w ero requested to proparo an obituary notice forinsortion In tho Conference minutes. QUESTIONS OF MINISTERIAL CHARACTER. Tito question of chnractor then occupied tlio serious atten- tion of (hu Conference. Tho names of the various ministers stationed hi theso colonies ««'ere road over, lu order that any objections with respect to character, heterodox preaching, breacli of disciplino, or incompetont ability, might bo care- fully considered. A Committee of Discipline, consisting of the Rovs. a. Hurst, W. A. Quick, S. Rabone, I. Harding, W. P. Wells. W. L. lilnks, and A. Roid, «vas appointed to inves- tigate tiny cases demanding inquiry, and report to the Con- ference. AtTiniTION Oí CUlOUIIS, 1 W The next business was the alteration or division of circuits mid the entering upon uc«v stations In Now South Wales three now stations wero retommandod foi occupation, Bombala, Wilcannia, and Wentworth, and the ilnlslon into two circuits of a large tract of country which lias hitherto onl« formed one under tho name of the Narrabri and Moreo l Ireiiit This tract of country was represented as being about the size of 1 noland and tho mliilstei lit present in charge has had to «ide o«oi IfcQ miles lu one direction A gintlomtin InN S Wales had offored a considerable »um annu all) to «ards tho support of un additional minister In that locality In Queensland It t« is resolved that a ne» station, named Log in, should be occupied The Chairman of tlio Queensland district, tho Rev I Harding, represented the great need of niora ministers far vast districts now being sottled In that colony but which havo to be left without ministers for want of fund» In Victoria a not« station, named Rayivood, Is to bo taken up In South Auitrulia thora Is a largo district extending soma 200 miles bottt con Kooringa and Mount Remarkable hicltul ing .several largo estates, the gentlemen resident on which bato offered considerable annu ii subscriptions lu order that the district may be regularl) supplied with Gospel minlstia tiona ibis district under the general name of tho "North Last, Is to hive a minister In Tasmania, the tingal district, from A«oca eastwards, to the Co ist, and then northward lo Caora»" i>»y and the countr) around, Is to bo made Into ii circuit, and ha« o a resident minister The groator part of the funds necessary for this havo boen fciinrantced for the Ilr.it year A now circuit is aUo to bo formed In Noiv /elland i Besides theso ne«v stations, proporly so called, ii largo iiumbor of circuits, in almost nil tho colonies ha« e outgrow n theil original dimensions and are to bo divided, in somo cases into two, in otliers into threo circuits THF IttUV t« HUTT! US At tlio afternoon sitting, tho Rev. James Bickford asked permission tostate lo tho Conference that ho had Just rocerved from the Re«-. Win. Butters, who many years ago laboured successfully lu this island, mid is noiv residing as ti super- numerary minister In England, a loiter In which ho spoko or lils hoalth bolngjjetter than it lind been for years, so that he «vas able to preach tivtco e«'ory Sunday, and attend two ro three public nicol ings lu the course of every week. Mr. Butters sent his love to the President und to lils ministerial brethren. Mr. Bickford also informed tlio Confcronco that tlio Rev. Dr. Rigg, Principal of llio Wosloyan Training Insti- tution, Westminster, had been olected a momber of the School Board for the City of London, under the now Education Act at home. llltlTISII MINIHTEltS. Applications ««'ero read from two esteemed ministers con- nected «vitli the Irish Wosloyan Mothodlst Conforenco, but obliged to make their homes In Australia through ill-health, to bo admitted Into connection with this Conferonce as ministers or tho Australasian Wosloyan Church. The Conference, whilst desirous to show theso gontlemon tlio highest respect, ««'ore obliged to tlaolino acceding to llieli imiuoat, un account or tim great dillleuUy experienced in (hiding circuits for additional married mon. It «vas resoh'ed that the names of theso minis. tors should bo appended to the lists of stations, as supornu morary uiiulstors in connection «vitli the Irish Couferenco, but now resident lu Australia. LI «llltl \el IO« I I FAST I 1 he s uno ovenlng tile Conference I o« o I e ist «« as hold In the church whena «cry 1 irgonumber of inemborsof tho Wcsloyan boil) and nearly tho whole af the ministers attending the Confcronco wore prosollt THIRD DVY-SiTUiiuA« J«\UAIIY 21ST Tho morning session was opened by singing tlio 240th liynuii after which the Secretar.« re id the 05th psalm, and the Rev S Ironside ongoged in pra)er 1 lio minutes of the previous days proceedings were road and continued MINIST! MAI A1IOINTMIMS lho whole day was occupied willi tlio question of ministerial appointments for tlio next year A list was prepared, subject to correction lho following changes aro llkel) to take place In tasmania The Re« T Graham tobo removed from Hobart town toStanlo) mid the Re« C «. Ogilvie from lho lorth to luke his pi ice the Rot \\\ 1) Muthoi tobo roinot ed from Stanley to tlio I ortb and the Rev C banders to be appointed to tho 1 lngal Circuit I Till SCHOONER JOHN «UHU« t he Re« S Rabone announced during tho course 01 mo morning th it the misslonarv schooner John Wesley had just arrhodat S)duoy from tho South Sea Islands with certain missionaries on buird who were llkoly to arrive In Ilobirt Town beforo the close of tho week 1 heie were present at the Conference the following ministers In ad litluu to those whoso names wore given lu our account of the first day a proceedings 1 Ile Rovo iG D »liol (Richmond, Victor! O 1 king (UllUamstimiil J W Cilsp (Warrnam- bool! I B Smith Brifcliton Mctorli), J G Turnor (Itolfast) C lillie (Geelong) I Woolnou,h 11A (S) liney) P R C Ussher (k) noton) mil W \\\ oo lull (Brighton Victoria! ^ »OURtil DAY-MONO«« JVNUAII« ilrd the morning session «« is opened by tho singing of tho JOSrd I h)uin after whleli the Dist i silm w is le id b) tlio Secretar) > and Hie Re« Í. 1) miel eui, i¡,ed in pi i) or I the minutes of baturd i) s proceo lings were read and LOU Ilrinod isniiHii cisDioiits ion Tin «IIMSTR\ It has frequontl) boen Hie custom in past yeal s to obtain the sen lees of young men for thu Wosuwan Minlstr), who lint o boon special!) «out for fiom 1 ughiiul Now, how o\ or the supid) of candidates for tlio Ministry from thoso colonies h is became siiliiolent to meet the ordinär) needs of the Vus tnilasliiii Connexion the foltoulngrosolutlon ««asaccording!« I isscd - Unit In the opinion of this Conférence. It will I reatl) embarrass the Couuoxlon if any of the Cliiiirmoii of Districts bo ullowed to write to 1 ngliind for ministers without permission of the Confoieiiee and that lu future all applications for ministers must bo sanctioned by Hie Con terence, and forwarded by the President. CONNEXION «I S11TIS1KH The nuinbor of niombers in oaob Circuit of tlio Connexion was read, which was followed by a eon« creation arising out of theso statistics lho result of this conversation «vas a r io lution that tho first part of tho morning session on Frida) next should bo devoted to a conversation on the state of the work of God lu connection «vlth tho Wosloyan Methodist Church tu theso coloules The ioUotflni m Mio lUUiUct of uiembcnblp lu (lie Wcsloyan Church in tho various colonlos, by mombo« being understood those ivho moot lu doss ; Noiv South Wales.5000 Queensland. 170 Victoria .11,722 I South Australia ,. .. .5J1U Tasmania'.1019 Western Australia. 100 NowZoaland.. .. .. 2735 Total .27,750 being a not increase for tho year of 1214, whilst thero aro on trial far membership 3000 poisons. On tile mission stations in Fiji and Rotiunih there ware 22,351 members reported, being an increaso for tile year of 2000, with 6J18 on trial for membership The returns foi the Friendly Islands and Samoa hai'c not ) et come to hand CONN EX.1 ONA Ï, KIN ANCE. Tho following resolutions were passed respecting tho various Connoxional Funds ; 1\. The Confcronco acknowledges, with thankfulness, tho ready cheerfulness anil liberal support which the various Con- noxional Funds have had from each district iii the Australian colonies; and rejoices in this additional proof of the attach- ment of the Wesluyan Church to the Conncxlonal principle. tho maintenance of which U t»o essential to it-} stability anti usefulness. *2. Tlio Chairmen of Districts aro required to report to the Conference all cases in which Superintendents of Circuits fail to make tho various Connoxional collections. The members of tho Kiuancial District Committees, for tho year 1871, wero appointed, those Committees consisting of the ministers ofthe respective districts, and tho Circuit Stewards of the various circuits in thoso district?. CO'UîtflTTEE.S. The members of the Missionary and Connoxional Com I mlttees for the present year wore then appointed, with tho exception of tlio Committees for tho New Zealand and Mission Districts, which wera appointed at the afternoon session, immediately after tho seaton had been opened by the usual devotions. Tho mombers of tho Educational Committees for the several colonial districts were next appointed. CONTINUENT AND EXTENSION FUND. The following resolution was passed respecting tho Wcs leyan Church Contingent and Intension Fund, raised by the various Districts in aid of the work of Cod In their nevera! localities-" In order that tho Gospel may bo sent into the neg- lected portions of tho various colonies, while existing Stations are vigorously sustained, tho Conference deems it highly im- portant that each Circuit of the Connexion, should do all lu its power to augment the resources of this Fund." The Itov. J. Dare moved tho adoption by the Conference of a proposed coit- ititutioii for the "Home Mission and Con- tingent Fund Society for Victoria," with a viow to tho moro thorough organisation of tho Church Contingent and Extension Fund in thai colony, Tho constitution, nf tor some discussion as to details, was passed. The sale of cjrtiln connoxional properties was sanctioned, and tho Conference adjourned about ö p.m. WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS., Sermons were proached and collections mado at various churches ou Sunday, January 22ml ¡anil on Monday,tho 23rd, a public meeting .was held at tho Wesley un Church, Molvillfl-slTfliif, in behalf of tho Wooloynu Foreign Mia i atone, Considerimr__thp"SQverIty"of_-tlio1_t]iunderstnrm. winch hau not nearly passed away at the hour of meeting, tho attendance was very numerous, including most of the Wosloyan ministers attending the Conference, many of whom wera seated an tho platform, as well as several ministers connected with the London Missionary Society. After tho singing of a hymn road by tho Jtcv. W. A. Quick, " Lord of tho harvest hear," tho Rev, G. Hurst, Ex-President, offered prayer, when Mr. Quick introduced the lion. Mr. Giblin, Attorney-General, who*had kindly Accepted an invitation to occupy tho chair, mid preside over the business of thu meeting. The Chairman, who was received with much applause, said, although not a member of tho Wosloyan Church, it was with groat pleasure ho had acceded to the request to tako tho chair,not only hcoauso he felt it was hisbounden duty toset forth, in any way that he could, essential spiritual unity between all denominations of chriatlans,but becauso of the special object of the meeting, to aid a missionary society, tho earnestness and zeal of whose nye nts were so well known. When they remem- bered how much was dono lu connection with the Society, and, without disparaging the labours of other Societies, that the Wesloyan Church was especially earnest and faithful in pro- claiming tho Gospel of Cod's redeeming lovo, in its fulness and breadth, without limitation, ho thought all of them must feel that they wero in their right place when taking part in a gathering of that kind, and remembering that lu connection with Wesleyau ini&siouarlei; they had moro than one sphere of labour of peculiar interest to them in these colonies lu the islands contiguous to their shores, the Fijis especially. But they should also remumber that, whllo it was ofton felt and said that tlio missionary should bo the pioneer of civilisation, past experience told them that English commerce and English enterprise wero often accompanied by the Introduction of English vice and immorality. (Hear, hear.) And any thoughtful man must be satisfied that if, In refcroncoto Fiji, thora was not room for misgiving and trembling, thora was room for earnest prayer that tho future of Fiji might bo full of thoso brilliant successes which had marked tho past. (Applauso.) Tlio bun. and learned gentleman remarkod that It would bo presumption in him to attempt to detain tho meeting when ho know that there wore so many on tho platform who could speak from full knowledge, and somo from actual experience of the work ; and nothing wa? needed fiom him to commend thoso brotlueu to their sympathy and welcome, (Hear, hear ) Ho would only say that while it waa a matter of rcgrot that tho thunder- storm had affected the attendance, he was glad there wero so many there, and it was a good thing that thoy had faced the trifling inconvenience and gladly como to hear what God was doing in tho mission field. (Applause.) | ThoHov S Habone, General Societary to tho missions read an abstract of tile report, c\prcssiio of regrot that ho «vas nuable to present n balance sheet, in conse quenco of the late urilvil of tho missionary ship, John Wesley but it «vas feared tho incomo would bo ¿4,000 less than the expenditure, ««hieb they would havo to ask the committee in England to make up Lho friends of missions «vore reminded of tho necessity of doing moro lu aid of the income so that they might anticipate the time when the whole of the expenditure might be met Xhe report gaie ¡i ríanme ot the work of tho missions Including the Chinóse mission lu Vittoria, the friendly Islands, Samoa und llji districts, referring to tho prosperity and advancement of the latter, there being mi increase In evory branch 11JI had 22,70J Cliureh ineinuoi», «itth 1.118 on trial, which ««as an increase for the «ear of 2-151 Cliureh mein hers 2,000 copies of the New Testament had been printed in Sydno) | V copy of the ltotuman Now lestaniunt ««as boro handed to the Chairman ) A fcoiioral summary of the stations she««ed that there were In connection «nth tho Society 01U churches, lilli other phces of worship, 37 missionaries and assistant missionaries 311 cntcchlsts, 2JÍ10 day sehool teaeheis, dill Sunda) behool teachers 111)3 , loud preachers 11 di class leadcis, 2J Oil members 7110 on trial 4700 catechumens 1077 Sunday Schools, 67,7(13 Sunday scholars andu) 7uT.atloiiihint.sou lmbllcuorshlp (Innlauie) I Tho llov lohn Watsiord (President of the Conference) moved the first resolution, and sahl he thanked God that, whatever else bp «v.i», he «« es ii returned missionary from 1 ijl [cheers;, and ho rejoiced to st ind on a platform on «vhleh there were so lnanv returned missionaries foi all thcro,o\ccpt t««o or three had been missionaries In BOHÍO part of the Morid, either Western Africa Neu Zonland, llji, or tho lriendly Islands And he rejoiced to seo fi lends of the London missionary Society thcio (Cheers ) Ho Oír Wutsford) felt lu ii ilillleult position lie had at other times had the privilege of unklug a long speech, but on that occasion he «vas not permitted to make a lung speech (a laugh), and yot if ho bogan to tilk of 1 ijl ho would be in great danger of occitpj ing time that belongil to somo «« ho «« eio to follow bim (Cries of "Goon") Ho ««ould obsoiio tint thoy «vero not there to tell ihem that they lud not had gi eat success, or that tho> had onl) done prcparitory «\ork lite) had done ti at and tho) «vero not s itisiled «vlth pi oiiaratory work they had put up tho scairold, and they noie placing stone aflei stone lu the great temple of God H««assiio«vlng lu fulrpioportlons mid ««ould ho hoped, proceed, until the top stone should be laid on with shouting If he might bring n Uguie fiom tho gold city he carno from, they hail sunk the shaft, cut their tiri« o placed their machine!), and no«« they «vere bringing up the gold, mid that In abundance (Cheers ) One mi) in «illicit to judgo of the nork «is to lomemlier the state of the islands some foi« «ems ato and see ««hat thoy ««ere lioiv Ile (Hi Wutsfoid) Ind had tho pleasure of passing through so no of tho 1 riendly Islands ivhcro he sa«« tho gi ice of I oil and ««ai Und,- No«« there was not ii single licithon foi all bail piofes^elly rccoliod the glorious gospel of the blessed Cod J nt ho should like to sa) ii feiv «lords about 1 Ijl Ho loved fljl, and he thanked God ho hade« ci been a missionary to 1 ijl Ile espected to meet not a few lu the treat day ««ho ««ould be his crown of re joiclng, having been con«ertod through lils instrumentality There had been between iOO.000 ami .100,000 people sunk In darkness, and some of the gre itost savages in the «vorld a cruel peoplo, mid most degraded When ho ««as there thoy practised cannibalism on eicr) linnd,««oinen ««erostranglod,and the wiltons of chiefs uoio strangled In order to bo sont aftor their husbands Into tho eternal uorld He (Mr Wutsford) had stood tr)ing to pre«ont ll«o ««omen from baling tho ropo nil Juried that the) illicit be strangled an I he lind son those II« o dead al his Teet Hut before ho went to I ijl, t««ent) ll\o ) ears ii"o, God had blessed the laboii of lils son ants lohn Hunt and others (Chcrs ) When ho «vont there he re jolced to see «vint li id been accomplis led and he thanked God that, durlngthos.» cn oi eUht «cars be ««as thcro a treat and blessed ««ork ««out on lho rof gentleman related an had boon separated tivo or three months, and iccording to 1 Jj lim custom the old chief sat do« li for II« o oi ten minutes lu silence utter which ho moved towards the uilasloinr) s shoulder and gaie It a good mbblug «vitli his uoie (A lau¿ii) ne (»ir Watsford) thought at the time should become to that.bnt thoy did not know «vhat thoy ««ould come to (a laugh), and strange things had happened to him Ho gai o another anecdote of a chief to whom, when bo «vus about to lomo after tlio yeais residenco in nu island, ho ga«o earnest millee, ««ho told him he ««us going that very da) to church, and he Intended thenceforth to call on tho nanto of tho Lord And he thon ga« o au Instance of the christian kindness eiinccd by some nuttics tollards a poor christian leper, who had a beautiful little cottago built for him, and for some time had lils meals taken to bim morning, noon, and night, till ho wont to that placo ««hcio thoro Is no leprosy, no sin, mid no sorrow Ho (Mr Watsford) «poko of religion among the uatiics, of which he had seen more that «vas truo and sincere than ho had seen olsen hore lill ijl toda> there ««ore 100,000 professing christi»«, ami as good professing christians us thoro «vere In Hobart fo««n or iniyivhore else Thero ««ero 20,000 members of tl)oWcslo)nn Church, mid they as good ns thoso In Hobart Town or elsoivhore Aftoi some furthor remarks In referenco to the evangollsatloii of other districts, Air Watsford concluded mi enorgotlc speech by nuning the resolution as follows - "lliatthoropuit, a portion of ««bleb has boen read, bo adopted lliat this ln-otlng Ills marked fa« our and blessing on tho operations of this Boolui,. «a ""or, in tim MU it successes of the past and thankful for the present state of oin Island Missions geiiorilly, urges upon nil Its frlonds and subscribers the oxisting necessity for Set more earnest pra) crs to God and moro generous contri utious of motioy and clfurt, that ««erna« not oui) support thoso Island Missions, but bo prepared to take our part lu the evangelisation of the people ««ho h> tens of thousands, yet sit In darkness and In tho sha lui« of death In tho Islands of the Pacific ' (AppinueG The Hev A Kuhl of New /tulumi seconde 1 the resolution and in doing so, said ho w ai placed at consider iblo disadvantage seeing that he liad to follow tin. President of tho Conference a President, nun oo\ci who had declared himself a returned missionary a missionary from one of the most interesting groups o! ialmds in tho I'aettlc Ocean Ho itho speakor up pearod bo foi c them as a runaw i> missionary a misslonan who had to lieu from his charlo whoso lato station and tho name of tho iii ind where that station wes liai bien obliterated fiom the missionurj recouU lit felt strone,!) inclined to lune lils rc\cue,o on tlio feeciotun of the Missions and to decline to sa> am thing that nlfjit Vt the list annual meeting of tho Mission ir> SocieU whit.li w is held in Adolaldo, tho Seeiotar) called out to him How cimo j ou to run uwa> from \our district In Isew /elland? Well, ho did not answu tho question then but although a year had passed since It wa? put to him ho would endeavour shortly to do so now, ami to throw some llttlo light on a few of the dark pages in the histor) of unhappj Now A ihnd w heie for fifteen yow ho had laboured a? ii misslonan of the gospel principal!) hi connection with an cdueittouul establish mont where ho had sought to train joung mon for the Christian mhilstr} lor some years ho had laboured In Taranaki, which was thu Hist battle held botwteu the Pi ila! m and thu Maories Ho mentioned this In ordci that ho might throw some llttlo light on tho hlstoi) of the nithus of New Zealand liming the %cais he li\cd thero whilst war was raging between tho colonists and tho Maoiles ho no\cr had to liston to ouo wold of Insult from the dark skinned warriors lho n nth es on theh war path on ono occasion had to halt about half a mile from his nome Ho wont doun to thom, to have some tom 01 sutton with the chief of the tribe Vu the o\onlnej shades beg m to fall and tlio hour foi worship had itrriied, the bell lor mime bonico ««as run), i and e«er) «anlor dren forth from lils breast lils l'salloi mid read the psalm foi tho da lhoie uoio a fe« liomin Catholic Maories among tho ««airlors ami these fe«« ««ithdrei« to a little distance, «ihoio Ihey ongigol in the form of their ««orshlp Vfter nailing tho psilm those bruie men I kneeled donn, ami ungiged lu solemn praioi to Almlght« | (tod \\\ 1th this and man) of the other tribes engaged In the «i ir, ««out nihipliln nhnse onlers «iel o nut to fight against the oiioiti) - his ««capon hellier the si\oid of lim spirit, iihlch mi thu nord of l,o 1 Um told bim that the) ue«er engaged lu hostilities on the Luidsllav and that It ««ai oui) ««bon e,rcati> pioioludbi theil ellem« that the) desecrated theda« »liest ' Wo mm the «I loi) on the 1 ords Di) wo nut to llleht tho soldieis of (¿tteen «let» iii siid the), 'because the soldiers iiminiemoil the ll0ht, tiudeomptlled us to breik the Haerod d i) of rest ' I liev also s lid 1 ho ljueeti s soldier* had no prajci «io nun 1,0 to bittle iiUhoutimiilorlngllods help, and that is the leisonwe sueeeed so ««eil He \the speaker) «« in not pr p ivcd to s i) ho«« niueli of this ««as duo to t inatlctsin Some persons n ould say that It all sprang from that source, but he must s.i\ that he «ins not of that opinion foi ho knoiv that foi the inoit pal t It caine from that spiritual llfo willoh bud bren Implanted lu thulr ho iris b) tho Instrii mentality of tho missionaries (Applause ) Ile heard a man once say that the christian missionary s work lu New Zealand had been a failure mid, In support of this assertion, the fact of the Maories taking nn arms against the coloiiials was adduced. But that was no proof at all. If so, then Christianity was a failure in Germany and in Franco, - that at the present ttmo wero ongagcd In deadly conflict with each other. If so, than tho mission of tho Lord of Life and Glory, who was nailed to n tree, was a failure There were . largo numbers of genuine Christians among the Maories, and also among tho i'ljiana of whom their President had spoken so - ably. Ho (tlio speaker) had witnessed moro triumphant deaths among Maori*** than ho had tho privilege of witnessing among hu own countrymen. Ho had witnessed tho deaths of dark-skinned Maories who had died glorifying God, and In confident expectation of being for evor with tho Lord. Ho must say that among tho colonists there wero largo numbers who manfully excrtod themselves to re-, linvo and remove *ho evils which war had inflicted on the nativo people There were, howovor, exceptions, men who talked about getting rill of tho natives. Those who had - lived In tho raidit of tho Maories, however, those who had toiled for their ovangollsntion, wero piepared now. after ton years of conflict-ton years In which all tho influences of war had retarded the missionary work in tho colony-were prepared heart and hand to co-operate for the amelioration of tho condition of their Maori brethren. Howovor, he had botter tell them how he carne to leave the scene of his l.ibours. The King, so called, sent his sister and uncle to him, who told bira ho Ind better tako Ids departure in poaco ; and to tako all bl» , valuables with him, becauso ho (tho King) could not guarantee security. Ho removed away from his place without the. loss of a singlo shilling. Who would say that tho missionary, by the help of (Jod, had not accomplished a grand work in. . Now Zealand 1 Polygamy was gone ; lnfantleiile was gone : , cannibalism «van gone ; every slnve was emancipated ; and the Oospcl of Jesus Christ was proclaimed by tho missionaries. After alluding to the necessity for an increased number of - christian labouiurs In Neiv Zealand, the rev. gontleman con- tinued by saying that tho missionaries «vere in the Apostolic sue cession in the matter of prosecuting the christian missions, for the world «vas given to them In trust, the conditions boing that thoy «vero to go and preach tho Gospel to'evory living . creature. Thcro «vas a kind of piety that induced thoso pos- sessed of it to long to depart out of this «vorhl : hut lie be- lieved that tho kind of piety most acceptable to dod was that r which led a man to dcslro to stay as long as possible in this «vorld, In «vhlch Christ himself lived, so as to be ablo to do as much good as possible for that race for whose salvation tho Saviour of the world died. Ho prayed God to give thom grace to do His ivork, so that the kingdom of this world might J speedily become the kingdom of our God and of Ills Christ. I (Applause ) l'lioRov Mr Cnnioiv, of Sydnoy, supported tho resolution, and said he ««ould not trouble the mooting b) a speech, seeing that thoie ««ero uiuny to como after bim ««ho ««ere «veil qualltlcd to speak tu them on the subject of missions Ile most heartil) supported the resolution (Tho lev gentleman here sat donn but as tho meeting appealed to bo unanimous that he should give a speech, he again rose ) Ile was in the position of a 1 vwycr ««Itliout a brief, but a Methodist preachor ought always to bo ablo to say a few nords on such a subject as Christian Missions, and so ho ivould proceed Why were thoy assomblcd together that night, and what had thoy to do? It was nconsolatlon to think that the missionary question was not then on Its trial It hail arrived at a stago beyond that Max Mueller, bo thought it «vas, ««ho said that everything had three stages First, when It oilsted only In thought or theory, secondly, «vhou It ««as In a stato of trial and thirdly, when le «vas establish!; I be) omi the attack of men Now he contended that the misslonar) causo had reached tho third stage The time n hen missionaries ««ero lampooned had passed away. 8ctont75¿° »ërliï"°aiM^^ «vas lindel the patronage of persons of tho highest rank No««, tho being a misslonar) did not necessarily entitle u mau to be thought a Ht subject foi the razor anil tho straight Jacket and tho number of persons who «vore in fa« our of thu heathen being left to the tonder mercies of atender God neio gradually but surely decreasing The rev gcntloman then alluded to the prominent part christian mis sionurlcs had taken lu furtlieiing the cause of civilisation, scienco, and tho general «iclfaro of the human family Ho licit gue a description of the small beginnings of the mis siouary cntcrpriso, and then sboived to «vhat a magnitude its operations hail now attained Tho danger of modern scepticism, of regarding Christ as ha« ing been meroly a good man,in the snmo light as'Socrates.Plnto, and Arls'otlo,« as then eloquently depicted Hie gospel ««as intended for humanit), ««ithoutan) distinction as to colour, race, or condition and he hoped and belle« ed that the operations of the Missionary Society ««ould lu the coming year bo attended with great success (Cheers Î The resolution «« as then put to the meeting bj tlio Chairman and carried unanimously The Itov Isaac Itoonoy, Friondly Islands, proposed the nest resolution as follona -"That in view of tho facts, That «ve ha«o non In the FIJI district four missionaries fewer than i«c had ten )enrs art'0-that tho fewer overseers ha«o charge of moro than double the number of souls the larger number had-that soi'eral of the reduced staff ««111 bo unaor tho necessity of leaving In a short time, in consequence of failing health and other causes-and remembering tho present influx of Europeans and other foreigners at Fiji demanding spiritual o«crslglit,-the committee of this Society urgently recommends the Conforonco to appoint at least four men to this Hold and earnestly commends the increased claims of the Society to the liberality of the christian public " It appeared to bim that the main point of the resolution ««as tho necessity tiiat existed for Increased numbers of mis- sionaries to tho Islands This necessity ««as based on good grounds ho would allude to two of them, namely, the pist success of tho Society s operations in Fiji, and the present wants of tho work In that group Some thirty )cars ago accounts had been circulated in Eng- land setting forth how gicatl) barbarism and cannibalism provuilod In lho i'ljis The result ««as that parents gave tholr children as missionaries mid christians subscribed freely to support such mission to the Islands and now the adherents of Christianity «loro 100,000 So rapidly had Christianity spread that heathenism and cannibalism \i ere regarded as things of the past, «vhilo so changed was tho state of things that pcopio could not Imagino that the chiefs had formerly mur- dered their own ««Ives and children So great bad been tho chungo, soino tra«oilers had imagined that Hie missionaries lind painted tlio character of the FIJians as much moro black than what it was Tho murder lately of air Baker, a mis slonaiy, showed that the plcturo had not been overdrawn. Only a fow «vceks beforo ho (tho speaker) had loft FIJI, u savage tribe carno doivn and obtained admission ta a christian toivn, gradually tilling it, and they then rosa and murdered some four hundred of the Inhabitants, simply because thoy had embraced Christianity Such facta should induce them to redoiihln tholr offoi t* when speaking ur tlio great work accomplished he «vould not have thom to suppose that the 100,000 professing christians, 01 th it the 23,000 Church members «vere nil truo christians Hut, sup- posing thoro were only a tithe of them such, did that not fully ««arrant tho ««ork In ««hieb they liad been engaged? They should romembei that the l'ljlaus ««ere emerging from gross darkness and ignorance, and, thercfoio, thoy should not expect too much from thom, oi anticipate that they would be gifted with tho Uno moral perceptions and Instincts of tlio man ««ho had all lils Ufo enjo)cd the ndi mta^os of cluistian light The) should rathor be comp ired li) what thoy had been, and then it ««ould bo seen the Fijlans were not so far behind themselves Onlj 21 )cars a^o thoy ««ero naked savages, piactlslngclub murdei, polygamy, theft, &c; How \ory different ««a* tholr state no» lntholslands «ihlch had como under missionary Intlucnce they had law courts and Judges, the laws obsened, tho language reduced to «« rltlng.nnd about 2000 schools established They had regular mission- aries settled, and about ti« o thirds of the people could road Now polygamy and cannibalism ««ero iinknoi«n, vico had diminished, and man) of tho Islanders had tlio grace of God in their hciuts All this ««as mattei for thankfulness, hut still a gicat «vork )ot remained to bo porfonned ; much still lomahiod for tho missionaries to aocompllsh When thoy re« lou eil tho «vork done, they had causo to thank God , but when they romembored how many «vore still thirsting foi tho word of God, and that 50,000 «voie still re- maining in hcitlien darkness, thoy might well cry " pity poor Fiji " They ««anted moro aid both in men and money, and thorefoio thoy appealed to tho public for assistance Tho resolution asked foi four mon Buring tho last j ear a largo number of Fijlans bad embraced Christianity.' The four hundred pcojde, to ««horn ho had roferred, ««ho nero murdered on tho Coast, had not received a teacher, though they had previously embraced Christianity. Could one man attend to such a great number I His oivn clicult, embracing 20 inhabited Islands, c\tendod o« oi 111,000 miles If for ««ant of labourers the hanestbe lost, ««I1030 would be the blame? Thoy should pray for aid, but thoy should also do moro, they should give assistance It ««as said charity commenced at homo Ho ««as aware that the ««ants of the colonial districts ««oro great, but he «vas also an al o that lunch moro could bo done Thousands of pounds wore spout In luxury «vhllo no mau cared for tho souls of tho heathen Ho bollci'cd tint «ilth more real the ««ants of tim Colonial home «« ork might be dono, and something spared lol1 the heathen (Uioers ) Ko« Joseph Duro seconded the resolution Ho «vos et pectod to speak on Tijl but the President and Mr ltoone; had sahl nil that could bo s lid on that point so ho must full back on general principles lids ««us a great subject A previous spo ikor liad reforre 1 to tho nous tho) ««ere rccohing from the homo country lie thought thoy lind special causo to thank Uod that oin nat!«o land ««is still at peace He thought it a noble Idea of tlio authorities of Hobart Town to hoist their flag as ha 1 been done «« ben the last m ill nrrh ed, as a signal Indicating that Inighud «« is at JR. lee The udiunco of scleneo had mado the art of war so terrille tim» there ure some who believod that w ir «« ould be mado so dread- ful that It«« ould nt length be shrunk from as a tiling of horror AShat a dreadful thing ««ar «vas Kow did It con«crt many n fortllo «ale info awaste Uko Sodom and Gomorrah Ho thanked God they had been spared from Its rinaüos then lot ttKllWhWy0,^ I, and ngala lu the Crimean nar to extend the Cospel ' hist as tho acorn becomes a majestic o ik and tho llttlo rivulet ex pinds into a mighty volume so had It been ««1th this Society, ««hieb had oilgluitcd lu the simple question of Wosloy - «\ ho «« ill go to our brethren in Ainorlt a? M hilo lrvtichhad been done much still remained to be done Hie) hail bearii of (100 000 000 of heathens of whom II 0 000 000 «vero under the scoptroofBritalnsQueoii let thom think of (100,000 000 pre- cious souls still 1) ing in heathen darkness Hie speaker then referred nt length to the manner lu which this question had recontly boon treated In Victor! i by one who should haio kno««u bolter rho question «« bother tho heathen might ho saved ««nsoloarlysot forth by Saint l'uni who sahl loras many as hu«Q sinned without laiv shall also penah ««Hlinut law for ««hen tho Gentiles which lune not the la«v do by nature the things contained In the law these having not the law aro. a la«v unto thomsotics ' lho great purposo of this ontorp «so, was the salvation of the world nu cflort to chase auij-the, clouds and daiknoss which stn had c ist upon It for (100ft «cars» and to make It a bright and beautiful star rasplcrulont with gior) lhere ««oro many obstacles chlctly tho Idolatries of heathenism somo of thom hoar) in their ontlqult) MID do«otees of «ihlch nero nout to norsldp blocks am\ stones and eicii tho Do« II himself In this crusadq tho missionaries wrestled against spiritual wickedness in high places It had boon stated that traicllcrs bul ropre* scnted the mission irles us lining o«erdr«««n the pic. tures of heathen vices Such ««as not the on*» but Oiey had boon successful liidiminishlne, those vices Ho wau phuuott that the ollorts of the T ondon Society had been so successful, und that lu tho Non Hebrides the I'rosb) torlans had pros pored Ho could rejoice lu the success of nil christi m offorts. Wore It not so he should think himself uutlttcd to stnnd ou tint platform He li id ofton met ««1th persons ii bo asked, what hope of success there was In thesu misslonar) oflorts? The, page of histor« toi 1 the talc Uirlstiaiilt) hadilVliroiicdthü, Waiilsm o' the grand old horn in Implro but the gr ludest instance of Its Intluence was that of Lngland, ivhosa nanio was a passnoid In overy portion of the wcirhl ««hilo her Qucon, the qucon of queens si« a) s the scoptro oior 200 000 000 of subjects not one of ««horn is a sln«o «A henco this great* ness of a people once so barbarous and Ignorant ? Whore, wai« the secret of her stablllt) and spion lour ' It ««as in her Chris* tinnit) dorl« ed fri m the free anil open lllblo in the grand cdA Savon tongue It was this that made 1 ngl mil, as she is 1 irst dower of tho earth tir.1 norn of the se« lho resolution which he was seconding reforrad to tho in-« creased extension of missionaries Ho liad a llttlo fault t^ Und with it lhere w is not a word al out tho missionary's, wife, whoso Io\u oncouioged him In his toils and fioothed Ulm, in his hours of depression Ho bolhned that in manj instances tilt, ladies wero tho better half and tint wlihou, them the, misslonaitos' ellorts would ofton fill Lho ro\ gentleman concluded with the following eloquont peroration - L,ot us respond to the cill wo hn\o hoard from the portslilug heathen tonight and do something moro thin wo e\er ha\odono to send thuin the precious gospel Has it not boon and is It not still precious to us? Is It not precious as It rovoals a Saviour In whom wo LUI lind forc,honcss and redemption from the terrors of the Lroas Is it not precious a* it tolls us of a peace lu which our dlsipiiottd souls can rest and lind a tranquil conscience and a smiling God ? Is It not precious as it leads in to u purttj lu whh.li tho crimson becomes as wool and the starlet in made white as snow? Is It not precious, as it sheds its 11 fe lit upon tho dirkness of lift s sorrows, and breathes Us content on tho stuin icalltlcs of Ufo'a mUcrlts* lu it not precious as It (»lids with hallowing Joj the rugged pithwaj of earth making o\cn day a hoI\ di> and of llfo a long communion Í Is It not precious as it illumines the shulow\ \ do trmsformi the shroul into a îolo gl\es coura"o In tho last con- flict mellows deith into a sleep and makes the ^ia\o tho \estlbulo of felor¿ ? And is It not precious abo\o all as it londucts to that puulUe whose scones are fairer linn the bowns of I'lui and to that homo lu the minston of oternlu wheio tho jo\ U ne\ci allowed by sorrow and the holtness ne\cr polluted t>\ stn r This is all thoj neel let us do nil wo em to gho It to them 1 ?a us eoutrtlmte of oui substance lot us lay tho choicest sons of the Umith upon the altar of sicrlfleo let na picul to the i od of Hem mi for his blessing and In tho insphaUonof tho poet let us itnoko the \erj elements of nature to our help - A\oft waft>owlnds His htotj \nd jon >o wators roll, HU Uko ase i of felon It spieids fiom polo to pole I di o cr ur ransomed nature the 1 amb for hin i tors slain, ltedeemir Mug troatoi In bliss returns to reign lho resolution »as thou put and adopted unanimous!j A collection amounting to ¿H 7s lOd was thon made Km Mr Whttuioo, Mission in In connection with thu Loudon Missionary SocteU at bamoa, said It afforded Mm great pleasure to bo with thom on this occasion Ho folt he mutt say God tmevd to thom iu their effort* to send ti» Oo«t*t light to tho» in darkness During his bite crulM I» liad visited 10 of the feirnoa Island* and assisted in locating ttmHiin on six of thom, and in four of eight ^ulctihad pNVfouily been visited lu hal opened cm rjhes He hoped on«(futureevonin? to (peak inllv U> ai oilier aidl-nceoii lho aubjeet of the London M si'marr v c et s operations There «ere still five uland* w lieh li» li vi 11 « ii t op* hlch they hotted to place teachers. He w.shci them snotem in tb" Fiji« and the Prcsbyf rlan» In the New Hebr des also to the- rllshop of Ne* Z-'iland In bia cirort" and be hoped shortly to do something to assLit in placing christian teachers in Kew Guinea <(1icem 1 Ker (rectge Hurst m nedtbofollo»lngre»olu'lon -"That i tbij thanks of this meeting arc du« indcre* borcbv presented,to the General and Kiccutlio Committee, thi-c.ener.il Treasurers, th< General Secretar), and the Auditors for tbo valuable icr «rlce» they have rendered to tim Po< loly In Hie direction and nunsgencnt of itsaftalrs to (he furent Committee in London, for" their liberality in mai log xarlv grants to this Society, anti In defraying other expenditure on its behalf, to those gentlemen who have incurred |>cr*onal liabilities In the ar rangements necessary lo meet tho bod* ty s financial require menu, to the Treasurfr* and Secretaries of the Aiuillarv Branch Societies, and to the collectors and contributors to the fund» of the S«cl»ty ' The llev Thomas williams nccond<-d the resolution TMityyears ago bo bail been In Hobart lown on bia way to the FIJI mission, and lind witnessed part of the success which hail been spoken of ilchad great ph-asurc In rccondlng this resolution The rcHolution «vas jmt and adopted unanimously. I The Ilev W. L lllnks moved :- .' That the cordial | thanks of the Society are due, and are hereby presented to I the Honorable W. It. niblin, for lila kindness In presiding, and ¡ for the ability willi which he has conducted the business of the inietintr." The Rev. Mr Harding seconded the resolution, which was carried by acclamation. The Hon. the Attorney-General briefly returned thank«. . The proceedings concluded tilth the doxology and the henedlctlon THKCONI'KBKNCE. ' Ti'BiDAr, J \MMiir 24th. This being a public holiday there ««as no meeting of the Conference, but the ministers and a large number of members and other friends attended a picnic in a paddock at Sandy Hay, kindly lent by Mr, Murdoch for the occasion. FIFTH DAY-WBDXKSIMY, JANUAJIY 25TH. The morning session was oiicncd by the singing of the 415th hymn ;,after which the 51st psalm «von read, and the Ilev. J. ti. Turner engaged In prayer. The minutes of Monday's buslnos «rere read and adopted. riiAPCi. iibii.prsn. The resolutions of tho last Conference as to chapel building and chnrch property nero re adopted. The first of these is as folio»«:-" in order lopreui.i rush and premature under- takings In chapel building, which mnst prose a source of em- barrassment to the Connexion, and bo oppressive to our cir- cuits. It is enacted as a standing order, to be applied to all the chapel-building committees, that no chapel shall be erected unless there I« reasonable expectation that two thirds of tho enfire cost will be raised by subscriptions, Including the col- lections at the opening sor«lees ; but the Confcronco Btrongly urges that «ihcre«crft is practicable, all tho chapels be erected free from debt ¿^.,.,ÄKVIUi,A,. mo^rm. The following rcrolullon nos passed as to Insurance of conncxlonal property against the risk of loss by Uro :-" Tho Conference strongly recommends to trustees that they insure each of our conncxlonal properties, against the risk of loss by Are." itl*CF!,!..VM:OU4. The following ne«« resolutions ««ere passed: 1, Tho Superintendent Minister of each circuit throughout the Connoxion, shall prepare In duplicate, not later than the second week In Octolicr in each « ear, a schedule of the church property In lils circuit, one of which shall lie forwarded to the Chairman of the district, and the other, In the case of the colonies of New .South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland, to the general secretaries of the Sustentation and Extension Society for New South Wales, of the Loan Fund Committee for Victoria, and of the Home .Mission Socletyfor Queensland. 2, That the Kovs, i; Hurst, Ü Chapman, and W. Curnowbo appointed a committee to prepare a fonnof a Circuit Schedule Book, In which shall be contained columns for the Insertion of every particular In relation to our church property; and that a copy of such form ?"*. "' . ?. - "-?»-. |n the various col meetings in 1S71. The book affairs of the Connexion noxt carno under rovie'". and the state and prospects of tho book depots in the various colonies, and the i,t ite and prospects of our connexlonal puu llcations wore reported to the Conference. In tho course of the discussion on this subject it was nnnonnccd that steps «vere being taken for the establishment of a book depot at Christ- church, In Ne» Zealand The desirability of «veekly Methodist ' newspapers in Ne«v South Wales and Victoria was spoken of. The Bcok Committees for the «'arlous colonies were then »pnoln'o 1. Two r¿>í rsolutions as to details connected with the Jubilee Fund In Victoria v ero passed, and tho Conference adjourned for dinner at 1 p m At half-past 2 tho Conference resumed. After singing a Iiyinn, tho Itev. J. Harcourt engaged In prayer. The Re«', G Hurst ga« o notice of motion to the effect that he should move an alteration of the rule rclaiiio to the pay- ment of funeral expenses of ministers' children The theological training of candidates for Hie ministiy oc- cupied tho consideration of the Conference for the greater part of tho afternoon. The resolutions of the preceding Conference reinthe to a Contra! Theological Institution «« ero roicln lo 1 .ft,was resolved that the colony of Kew South Wales base the permission of this Contain'? to lisa th* .Jubilee money, and take any other steps deemul necessary, for the establishment of a Branch Theological Institution In thal colony. Theiltcv.II li. Gaud and Mr J WearneHcreappointcd Treasurers of Uni .1 nuilee Fuud In New South Wales. The Conference recommended to the consideration of the district meetings In Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, the establishment of a branch Institution In Victoria for the somyicm and western colonies Thç resolutions of t ho preceding Conference relativo to a Tro «Islonal Theological Institution were adopted with an ad- dition lp Resolution II., to the oircct that the Treasurers of the munera ¡¡<¡¡U.,HIIW ia Um Institution lu Victoria he authorised to pay no much of the Interest as may bo ueoe-isarj- lo moot tim exiiensc of training candldntcs 'or our ministry at Wesley College. \ THE TIIJIl'KILlM K MOVEMENT. At an earlier stage of the Conference proceedings memo- rials on the tompcranco ipicstlon had been received from tho Tasmanian Temperance Alliance, thu Now South AValcs Political Association fortbo Suppression of Intemperance, and the Total Abstinence League and Hand of Hope Union of South Australia. All these memorials spoke strongly of tlio barrier put in tho »ay of the moral and social well-being of the peoplo by the present licensing systems, and agreed in recommending the permissive principio in dealing with this question. Tim Conference directed that the follo««dng reply, approving of the permissive principio, should be sent to the memorialists, with the modulations «idled to each memorial :~ " Wcsloynn Methodist Conforonoo, " Hobart Town, Jan. 23rd, 1871. i1'Clns.TLt:3iEN,-T am directed to acknowledge respectfully the receipt of your memorial, and to assure you that the Conference Is fully alive to the Importance of the subject to which It refers. ," The Conference Is of opinion that the facilities afrnrded for the sale of Intoxicating drink*, rentier the etfects of the exist- ing laws grossly demoralising, and constitute a legalised hin- drance to the effects of christian churches in the&c; colonies : that a thorough reform In the licensing system Is iiccessury; and that insiich a reform proi'islon shuuld bo made to enable the ratepa}crs,ivlio bear tho charges resulting from tho pre«iilenco of intemperance, and Its coiiscuiiout pauperism and crime, to control the Isstio of licences within tholr respectivo districts. \- " 1 ant authorised to convey to you the assurance that any well-considered measures tending to secure these objects will meet with the corilla] support of the niiiilste-rs of this Confer- ence in their scierai localities. "I ha«o the honour to bo, Gentlemen, " Yours ronnoctfuUy, !']ti:^JAMIX CHAPMAX, 1* Beere tai y of I lie Conference.*' The Conference adjourned a little after 5 o'clock, OFFICIAL SERMON HY THE PRESIDENT, There «vos a largo conjugation at the Melvlllo-streot AVesloynn Church on the eicnlng of Wednesday, Jan- uary the 25th, to hear tho ofllclal sermon dolliered tor the President of the Confeionco, tho Ho«'. John ?Watsford. Nearly nil tho ministers attending Conforonce were presen! After tho preliminary sendees had been gone through tho Ro«\ Mr. Watsford commenced lils sermon, taking for his text, tho nords, " And the same day ««-ero added unto thom about three thousand souls," Acts II, 41. After re- ferring to tho triumphs of the Gospel, and tlio manner qf the conversion or the threo thousand on the Day fif l'ontocodt, tlio rev. gentleman divided lils discourse lito threo heads .- (1), Tho saving power : (2), tho eltloiont instrumentality : and (8\ tho glorious results pf the operations of the Holy Oho^t Hy ««hat po««cr«vas the glorious work on the day of Pentecost accomplished ? By the power of tho Holv ( Ihost This was «vhat «vas spoken of by the prophet Jool, " \nd It shall como to pass the-last day, »sith God, that I ««111 pour out mv Spirit upon all llesh." The Holy Ghost on the dav of 1'ontocost «vas moro fully work of the Holy (¡host was to act on shiners; to convince, and coniert, ami fcavo them. Man «vas not t&yed; by compulsion : that would bo turning him Into a inoie machine God had made man a rational, responsible being, and Ho treated him as such God by nis Spirit worked ni Hines fiery powerfully on tho sinner's heart 'by His proiidence ' and graco After referring to tho characters of the Apostles, and disclaiming for thom any pretensions to remarkablonoss, although thor had been threo years In the school of Christ, tho reverend gentleman sa'd that lho canso of tho ex- traordinary manifestation on the Day of Pontccost ««as the operation of IheJIoly Ghost In an especial manner on the hearts of the throe thousand, through tho Apostles Ho then exhorted ministers of religion to aspire after perfect hollnos3, affirming tint It ««as nott to impossible for them to be the means of savin i souls unless thoy thomsoh-os «talked with God. The principal reasons for tho «vant of success on the part of ministers of the gospel «vero then alluded' to Tho ro-cre-id gentleman then »poko on the sub]oet of revl«-als, and deprecated tho fostering of n falso and sourions excitement under the garb of religion Ho belloi'ed in ro vivals, hut he did not hohl «vlth strange eccentricities and wl|d ondnai our, lo raise animal excitement to a pitch «-erging on religious dissipation. After urging ministers and member* of rlum lies to punna honestly nnd dlllgontiy uffcr Hie one great object of life, entire freedom from sin, the rev. gentleman alluded to many things which It was (heir duty lo /-ti ml nTalnst, and <\--in»liidod by Imploring God's blessing nu ilu. labotits of the mlnl-lers of Christin every part of Hie world during the ve ir ensuing SIXTH DAY-TIH-IIS.HAY, JAVUAIIV 20TH. The morning devotion*» «vere liomin by tho singing of the 4l6th hymn. The 1st chapter of the Epistle of James «vas read by tlio Secretary, and the Ile«-. K. King offered prayer. THE »Fl'ICIAJ. B.EIIMHS. The B6s-, J. Walkin rose to moi-e a vote of thanks to tho President or tlio Conference for lho sermon preached boforo the Conference on the prei lons cvonlng. Mr. Walkin «poko feelingly of the delight and benefit «vlilch bo hail himself experienced whilst listening to the President's illscourso. The Rev. G. Hurst seconded the resolution. He felt sure that lils brethien In the ministry had shared with bim in the bcnellt uhlch ho bad received undor the President's sermon : anti the faces of the pcoplo before him had shoivn him Hint they too had shared lu the gracious Influence. It was long since bo bad listened to a sermon which had tilfecled him so deeply. The resolution «vns passed unanimously and heartily. A resolution, moved bv the lto«\ G. W. Patchell, nnd secondod by the Roi-. T. Williams, «vas unanimously passed, to the effect that the President be requested to furnish a copy of his sermon for publication In tho various Methodist periodicals. It «ins understood that this request ««ould bo acceded to. Mlf.CKl.UXEOUS. Tho Conference then passed on to Ils regular business, and tho minutes of Wednesday's proceedings «vero read and con tlrmed. . At JO o'clock Hie Coiniexlonal Commlttco met, and took under Its consideration the Children's Fund and tho Fund for the Education of Ministers'Children. ' After dinner the Fund for tlio Support of Supernumeraries. and Ministers' Widows «« ns under Hie consideration of Hie same committee. . The Conforenco adjourned at 5 o'clock, until half-past 0, when the Missionar)- Committee «vas to ineot, lu order to consider tho allalrs connected ««fill thu Foreign Missions Society. SEVENTH DAY.-FJIIPAY, JANUARY 27TII. Tho morning Mission »as opened by the singing of a hymn, after which the Secretary read a psalm, and the Re«-. C. Lane engaged In prayor. The illimités of the former day's business were read and' confirmed. «UMHIN». The Conrereneo «vent Into committee lu order to complete' the hnslness relating to the missions. On tho preceding ei-i-ning the minutes of the Executive, Committee of the Missionar)- Society hail lieeu road nnd' adopted, and various resolutions passed, which will bo em- bodied lu the inimités of tho Conference lu tho form of am appendix. it «vas resol«-od during the courso of tho morning session thati the Conference bo recommended to gh'o permission to the New' Zealand Districts to ralso a fund which may be applied to the sustentation of tho nils-Ion to the Mnorlos, tinder the dlrco-l tlon ot tho Home Missionary Soclotles In those districts, it' being understood that all tho conncxlonal finnis be sustained as directed by the Conference. The question of tho mission to tho Chinese In Victoria occu illid tho attention of tho committee for a cousldorable time.! »««.as finally resolved that tlio Conference having approved, i of,tho formation of a special fund for the support of the , CbjncJo mission in Victoria, In connection with the Austra-i , ]b$Mari Wcsleyau.Mlsslonary Society, there should be a recom- mendation from the committee to the following effect : j, 2bat tiw Amount raiMä lor Ibu «peela! /und «lull lie forwarded to the General Secretary of Missions aud that the accojuUof this fund showing Income and expenditure, snail appear in the annual balance sheet of toe Australasian Mb sionarr Society 2 That tlie '.o-ifcr-rco be requested to appoint an additional Gitcctlst in Mctorla tor sid at Mclloirro prolided his supiKirtbe miarinteeJ bv the Meiliourno dis riet I I bal this »p-enl (mid be sjstuined by one central public meeting In \ ietoria, .»nd hi prnale appeals to frl-uds MISClLIASEOl 1 Conference hailng resctned the ic o utlon of the Connoxional Committee as to Die childrens fund fund for the education of ministers children and fund frr the support of super- numeraries and mimstcin «-blows, and the resolutions of the Missionary Committee were adopb-d The whole of the afternoon session was taken up with the third reading of th» stations, ««iib li was not completed when the C" nfTence ro»e nt a quarti-r past o p in I ORDINATION SERVICE Lait evening ti**» Lev Jamen Graham was ordained at the \Vesle>in Cnapel MeU'lle strutt fn tho presencio* a very Urge rongrebfltion Uic candulitc was on the platform, as klhOB \cnl senior »nd olluLil members of the Conference After tln.tH.rvic1 li wl lifcn opened with flinging and prayer, The Itev Puijimin t hapnmn M.eretar> to the Conference, introduce l Mr </reh<iin to tilt President for ordination The President brien"* addressed tin, congregation, and I requMed tin, candidate tv *,he a »hurt account of his con vendon and religious cxi.M-rii.net and Ms views with regard to the christian iidnMr,} The candidate In rc-ipondlng to the call stated that when he was l8 ) ears of afee he obtained the converting grace of God and was received as a in ember of the Church Jle afterwards became a local preacher when befnf, deeply impressed with the conviction that the Head r f the Church had something moro forhlmtodo he waa appointed to the Itinerant work He liad endeavoured to publish the t rut lis tim importance of which he felt himself, and he wished to night to lay himself on the I altar of the Cliureh. as a sacrifice to (>ttd The President, according to the prescribed form, read selections of scripture from Matt, xxxviii., John x., and Eph. lr., addressed the candidato as to the importance of the otllce on «vhich hu was about to enter, exhorting bim to prayer and study. Tbe usual questions «vere put and answered, and then the President asked the Congregation to spend a few minutes In earnest silent prayer for God's blessing to rest upon the candidate. Silent prayer having been otfercd accordingly, the Presi- dent engaged in prayer, and the ceremony cr ordination proceeded, the following ministers taking part in the imposi- tion of hands :-The llevs. J. Watsford (President), (J. Hurst fax-President), B. Chapman, ¡Secretary), 8. Jtabone, J. Bick- ford, li. II. (iaud, W. A. Quick, and 1 Harding. The Lord's Supper was then celebrated, the President and the newly ordained mininer communicating. , , , A charge to the minister was delivered by the Ex-Presldent on I Timothy, 1«'. 10, containing forcible au «ice on coni-crsion, lind retention, of the Crace or <>od, purity of motive, intellec- tual culture, thostudy of theology, and general educational improvement, the preacher expressing the opinion that a > minister should keep pace with the times, and be the best educated man In the congregation. The charge, which was of a | highly practical character, «ins listened to «rilli profound at- tention not only by the minister, but also .the whole of the cnngrfiipition. - 'rho nrixvtßdlnffs wi-r*. rlnspil In till* nott»! ?..?"»' 