MINING. Enterprise Co., Cliewtoii. — The mining manager ( reports : .No. 1 : tributers having eoineupon some "good stoho had a. trial crushing from a body of stone at about 100 feet deep of 14 tons, yielding 49Joii, . over 3Joz per ton ; also a trial crushing of 7six tons from tlie'western reef, yielding ioz to the ton. The .stone at the 100 feet level continues to . look well " ... North Dead Cat Co.—1 The directors of this com- pahy nfet on. the ground; on Saturday last for the : purpose' of ascertaining and pointing out the site of future operations. Tenders are called for sinking a new shaft about 70 feet to the north and cast of ' the old workings. The mining manager. reported tliat lie had followed the cap of the reef a distance of 30 feet. The reef is eight feCt wide, andshow- ..iri'g gold, but it is considered advisable to sink a ' deeper shaft and open the mine in iv proper manner. Tlie Bendigo Iridepeiident reports : — The returiis ; for the week ore very good, and will bear corn- parison with the many lists which have gone before. The eakes are not of mammoth propor- tions, but tlioy are numerous, and eminently satis factory, as showing the progress made by the com panies which are not of the first magnitude. The i New Glnim and Victoria return of 875oz occupies the leading position, and we have little doubt but " that this company will Become, as far as returns are concerned, one of the most remunerative in Bendigo. The Great Extended Hustler's Trib. : " are apparently crushing finer stone than ever, for .the amalgam in the bank on Saturday, night was 3087bz. Garden Gully Trib. send in 45Goz. \- Lazarus Company have 27Goz — a very good yield. ' . The Telegraph (Huhtly) have an excellent yield of 276oz ; ,the claim being one of the steadiest in the . entire district, having paid regular dividends since ; Christinas last. The following are the yields in Sandhurst for hist week in addition to those fur nished in bur Monday's issue : — Cornish United, 114ozl6dwt; Golden Age Trib., 31oz 19dwt; Ex tended Victoria Reef, 3oz 3dwt 12gr ; Kitto'sTrib., 78oz lOdwt i2gr ; Crusoe, 7oz 4d\vt 19gr ; Happy- go-lucky, 54oz 7dwt ; St Michael's Mount Trib., 27oz 2dwt; Rose of Denmark, 83oz Odwt ; Royal Standard, 48oz 5dwt ; Garden Guffy Trib., 456oz 18dwt ; Rainbow Trib., 17Coz Cdwt : Lazarus New \- Clnun, 27Goz. 13dwt ; Hercules, 77oz lodwt 12gr ; ' Old Chnili, 81oz 16dwt i2gr; Telegraph, 273oz lOdwt ; North Pegleg, 99oz 8dwt ; Bendigo and Melbourne, 103oz 17dwt 12gr ; Nil Desperandum (RayvVood), Gloz Gdwt : North Johnson's, 80oz 15dwt ; La Belle (Snob's Hill), 47 oz lGdwt 12gr ; Knefebono and Jeffrey's, 30oz lodwt 12gr; Argus (Sailor's Gully), 7,0oz Gdwt ; Royal Oak (Per severance), 108oz-i3dwt; United,. lOooz 13dwt ; Goldeii Sovereign, 20oz lOdwt ; Indefatigable, 53oz , :-.-8dwt; Great Extended Hustler's, 47Goz lOdwt. Amalgam, report : Golden Fleeco (Stafford Reef), j250dz ; Unity (Garden Gully), 8Soz ; Great Ex tended Hustler's Trib., 3087oz ; )Vilson'a 150oz. Tho fdllbwihg is the state of the Sandhurst min ing market for tho week ending 23rd inst. : — Total calls, £15,252 15s ; total dividends £10,455 2s Gd; calls over dividends, £4797 8s Gd. Ghinese Suicides. — Five instances of the >'. suicidal propensity, bf the Chinese sire furnished in .'- 'a Single copy, of a China paper. A young man : fiiiarielled with his elder brother, and forthwith he ' ' toot enough crude opium to kill ah English bul lock. — A mandarin's wife and the wife of an ex- gectant mandarin swallowed their gold hair orna- iehts to destroy themselves out of jealousy at the " ititfoduetion of supplementary wives.— In another ' and siulaer case, tho daughter of a district mogis- . strata driink poisoii avoWedly in order to accompany her father's ghost to tlie world of spirits, and tlicro minister to his necessities. "Oiir father in tlie nether world wiU be solitary and lonesome, and I am about to follow liihi thither, to wait on him awl bear liiin company so saying she drank off tho fatal enp in tho presence of her sisters. This act is spokbn of ih the official despatches as a "supreme act of filial piety, on act eminently calculated to afford an illustrious example and exercise a happy influence upon the present generation. " The Washington correspondent of the New York Times furnishes a statement of tho grounds oil ivliich a bill, charging him with murder, hat been found, against Brigham Young. Ho writes: — "The fact is known here that the . United States Grand Jury have indicted Young for bbiiig accessory to a murder j and it is also ; probable that Daniel H. Wells, Lieutenant- ' General of the Nauvoo Legion, and G. A. Smith, next in rank to Brigham Young, and one or two others, have also been inculpated. Not long since the United States officers in the ter ritory became cognizant bf a. brutal murder committed in Utah, by order of Young, in 1857, and the Govornor determined to bring the guilty parties to justice. One of the parties, a Danito nained Hickman, concerned in the deed, wad arrested, whereupon he disclosed, among other things, tlint he and two others, by order of Brig ham Young, in 1857, murdered a man in Echo Canon, took 900 dol. off his person, delivering it to Brigham, and tolling him whore thoy got it. Tho Govornor sent to tho Bpot whero Hickmart said the bones of tho inurdorod man could be found, and thoy wore found just as stated. He also do'acribcd how the skull was broken by a bar of iron, and that was fonnd to bo true. It is oil tbo testimony of this man and Jub accomplices \- that tho case against Young and liis confederates has beoii niado out;" When the mail left, our now acting Agent- Gonoral, Mr Childers, wns at Borlin. His health was reported as thoroughly rc-eStablished, and he was oxpectcd in England at once. , A stingaree fish, botwoen 3cwt and 4owt, was ' caught by a waterman on Suhflay. afternoon, Close to thb steamboat wharf at W.illlametown. It is said; shys thb 'Argus, to M the largest of its Svfir itebiun those waters, 