UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BARTRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XIY.—F Continued). Bi 3. S. LE FASTI, Author of " Wy'.dcr'a Jlmd," "The House by tbediurdiyard." Ac. &.C. As I sat over my books, I fancied I heard B movement outside tbe door. I suspected that Madame was listening'. I waited for a time, expecting- to see the door open, but she did not come; so I opened it suddenly myself, but Madame was not on the threshold nov on tbe lobby. I heard a rustling, however, and on tbe staircase over the banister I saw the folds of her silk dress as she descended. She is going, I thought, to seek an interview with Lady Knollys. She intends to propitiate that dangerous lady; so I amused some eight or ten minutes in watching' Cousin Monica's quick march and right-about face upon tlie parade-ground of the terrace. But no one joined her. "She is certainly talking to papa," was ray next and more probable conjecture. Having the profonndest distrust of Madame, I was naturally extremely jealous of the'confidential interviews in which deceit and malice might make their representations plausibly and without answer. " Yes, I'll run down and see—see papa; she shan't tell lies behind my back, horrid woman !" At the 6tudy-door I knocked, and forthwith entered. My father was sitting near the window, his open book before him, Madame standing at the other side of the table, her cunning eyes bathed in tears, and her pockethandkerchief pressed to her mouth. Her eyes glittered stealthily on me for an instant: she was sobbing—dcsolen, in fact—that grim grenadier lady, and her attitude was exquisitely dejected and timid. But she was. g notwithstanding, reading closely and craftily my father's face. He was not looking at her, but rather upward toward the ceiling, reflectively leaning on his hand, with an expression, not angry, but rather surly and an- a s noyed. " I ought to have heard of this before, Madame," my father was snying as I came in; " not that it would have made any •difference—not tbe least; mind that. But it was the kind of thing that I ought to have • heard, and the -omission was not strictly. Tight." Madame, in a shrill and lamentable key, opened her voluble reply, but was arrested by a nod from my father, who asked me if I wanted anything. s "Only—only that I was waiting in the school-room for Madame, and did not know where she WAS." c " Well, she is here, you see, and will join g you up-stairs in a few minutes." So back I went again, huffed, angry, and curious, and sate back in my chair with a clouded countenance, thinking very little a about lessons. When Madame entered, I did not lift my head or eyes. " Good cheaile ! reading," said she, as she approached briskly and reassured. " No," I answered tartly; " not good, nor a child either; I'm not reading, I've been thinking." s v e l i t " Tres-bien!" she said, with an insufferable smile, " thinking is very good also; but you look unhappy—very, poor cheaile. Take care you are not grow jealous for poor. Madame talking sometime to your papa; you must not little fool. It is only for a your good, my dear Maud, and I had no objection you should etay." " You\ Madame!' I said loftily. I was very angry, and showed it through my dignity, to Mndame's evident satisfaction. " Wo—it was your papa, Mr. lluthyn, who weesb to speak alone; for me I do not care; there was something I weesh to tell him. I don't care who know, but Mr. lluthyn he is deeferent." ' 1 made no remark. " Come, leetle Maud, you are not to be so cross; it will be much better you and I to he good friends together. Why should a we quarrel ?—wat nonsense! Do you imagine I would anywhere undertake a the education of a young person unless'I could with ber parent?—wat Folly! I would'like to be yonr friend, however, my poor Maud, if you would allow—you and I together— wat you say ?" "People grow to be friends by liking, Madame, and liking comes of itself, not by bargain; I like every one who is kind to me." " And so I. You are like me in so many things, tny dear Maud ! Are you quaite well to-day ? I think you look fateagne; so I feel too, vary tire. I think we weel put off the lessons to-morrow. Eh? and we will come to play la grace in the garden." Madame was plainly in 9 high state of exaltation. Her audience had evidently been satisfactory, and, like other people, when \- tilings went well, her soul lighted up into a sulphureous good-humour, not very genuine nor pleasant, but still it .was better than other moods. I was glad wlien our calisthenics were ended, and Madame had returned to her apartment, so that I bad a pleasant little walk with Cousin Monica. We women are persevering when ones oar . cariosity is roused, but she gaily foiled mine, and, I think, Lads mischievous pleasure in doing so. As we were going' in to dress for dinner, however, ehe «aid, quite gravely— "i am sorry, Maud, I allowed you to see that I "have any unpleasant impressions about Ibst governess lady. I cbau be st liberty some day to explain nil about it, and, indeed, it will be enough to tell your father, whom I have not been able to find all day; but really we are, perhaps, making too much of the matter, and I cannot say that I know anything against Madame tbat is conclusive, or— or, indeed, at all; but that there are reasons, and—you must not ask any more—no, you must not." That evening, while I was playing the overture to CeDerentola, for the entertainment of my cousin, there arose from the tea-table, where she and my father were sitting, a spirited and rather angry harangue from Lady Knollys'lips; I turned my eyes from the music towards the speakers; the overture swooned away with a little hesitating babble into silence, and I listened. Their conversation had begun under cover of the music which I was making, and now they were too much engrossed to perceive its discontinuance. The first sentence I heard seized my attention; my father had closed the book he was reading, upon his finger, and was leaning back in his chair, as he used to do when at all angry : his face was a little flushed, and J knew the fierce and glassy stare which expressed pride, surprise, and wrath." " Yes, Lady Knollys, there's an animus ; I know the spirit you speak in—it .does you no honour," said my father. " And I know the spirit you speak in, the spirit of madness," retorted Cousin Monica, just as much in earnest. " I can't conceive how you can be so demented, Austin. What has pprverted you ? are you blind 7" " You are, Monica; your own unnatural prejudice—unnatural prejudice, blinds you. What is it all ?—nothing. Were I to act as you say, I should be a conird and a traitor, f see, J do see, all that's real. I'm no Quixote, to draw my sword on illusions." " There should be no halting here. How can you—do yon ever think 7 I wonder you can breathe. I feel as if the Evil One were in the house." A stern, momentary frown was ray father's only answer, as he looked fixedly at her. People need not nail up horseshoes and mark their door-stones with charms to keep the evil spirit out," ran on Lady Knollys, who looked as pale and angry, in her way, ' but you open your door in the dark and invoke unknown danger. How can yon look at that child that's—she's not playing," said Lad}' Knoylls, abruptly stopping. My father rose, muttering to himself, and cast a lurid glance at me, as he went in high displeasure to tbe door. Cousin Monica, now flushed a little, glancetf also silently at me, biting tbe tip of her slender gold cross, and doubtful how much I had heard. My father opened the door suddenly, which he had just closed, and looking in, said, in a calmer tone— " Perhaps, Monica, you would come for a moment to the study; I'm sure you have none but kindly feelings towards me and little Maud, there; and I thank you for your ood will; hut you must see other things more reasonably, and I think you will." Cousin Monica got up silently and followed him, only throwing up her eyes and hands as he did so, and I was left alone, wondering nd curious more than ever. CHAPTER XV. A TYAPLNIKG. I sate still, listening and wondering, and wondering and listening; but I ought to have known that no sound could reach me where I was from my father's study. Five minutes passed and they did not return. Ten, fifteen. I drew near the fire and made myself comfortable in a great arm- chair, looking on tbe embers, but not seeing all the cenery and dramatis personal of my past life or future fortunes, in their shifting glow, as people in romances usually do; but fanciful astles and caverns in blood-red and golden lare, suggestive of dreamy fairy-land, salamanders, sunsets, and palaces of fire-kings, and all this partly shaping and partly shaped by my fancy, and leading my closing eyes nd drowsy senses off into dream-land. So I nodded and dozed, and sank into a deep lumber, fi-om which I was roused by the oice of my cousin Monica, On opening my yes, I saw nothing but Lady Knollys' face ooking steadily into mine, and expanding nto a good-natured laugh as -she watched the vacant and lack-lustre stare with which I reurned her gaze. "Come, dear Mauii, it is late; you ought to have been in your bed an hour ago." Up I stood, and so soon as I had begun to hear and see aright, it struck me that Cousin Monica was more grave and subdued than I had seen her. " Come, let us light our candles and go together." Holding bands, we ascended, I sleepy, she silent; and not a word was spoken until we reacUed my room. Mary Quince was in waiting, and tea made. "Tell her to come back in a few minutes; I wish to say a word to you," said Lady Knollys. The maid accordingly withdrew. Lady Knollys* eyes followed her till she closed the door behind ber. " I'm going in the morning." " So soon!" " Yes, dear; I could not stay; in fact, F should have gone to-nigbt, but it was too late, and I leave instead in the morning." " I am so sorry—so very sorry,' I exclaimed, in bonest disappointment, and tbe walls seemed to darken round me, and the monotony of tbe old routine loomed more terrible in prospect. " So am I, dear Maud." " But can't you stay a little longer; won't you 7" "No, Maud; I'm vexed with Austin— very much vexed with your father; in short, I can't Conceive anything so entirely preposterous, and dangerous, and insane as his conduct, now that his eyes are quite opened, and I must say a word to you before I go, and it is just this:—you must cease to be a mere child, you must try and be a. woman, Maud: now don't be frightened or foolish, but hear me out. Tbat woman—what does she call herself—Rougierre? I have reason to believe is—in fact, from circumstances, must be -your enemy; you will find her very deep, daring, and unscrupulous, I venture to say, and you can't be too much on your guard. Do you quite understand me, Maud ?" " I do," said I, with a gasp, and mj eyes fixed on ber witb a terrified interest, as if on a warning ghost. " You most bridle your tongue, mind, and govern your conduct, and command even your features. It is bard to practise reserve; a but you must—you must be secret and vigilant. Try and be in appearance just as e usual; don't quarrel; tell her nothing, if yon' t do happen to know anything, of yonr father's business; be always on your guard when with her, and keep your eye upon ber everywhere. Observe everything, disclose nothing —do you see ?" " Yes," again I whispered. " You have good, honest servants about j you, and, thank God, they don't like her. I But you must not repeat to them one word II am now saying to you. Servants are fond of | dropping hints, and letting things ooze out in 1 that way, and in their quarrels with her would compromise you —you understand me 7" " I do," T sighed, with a wild stare. " And—and, Maud, don't let her meddle with your fond • Cousin Monica gave me a pale little nod, and looked away. I could only stare at her; and under my breath I uttered an ejaculation of terror. " Don't he so frightened; you must not be foolish ; I only wish yon to be upon your guard. I have my suspicions, but I may be quite wrong ; your father thinks I aua a fool; perhaps I am—perhaps not; maybe he jnay come to think ns I do. But you must not speak to him on the subject; he's an odd man, and never did and never will act wisely, when his passions and prejudices are en gaged." " Hassbeever committed any great crime ? I asked, feeling as if I were on the point of fainting. " No, dear Maud, I never said anything of tbe kind; don't be so frightened : I only said I have formed, from something I know, an ill opinion of her; and an unprincipled person, under temptation, is capable of great deal. But no matter how wicked she may be, you may defy her, simply by assuming her to be so, and acting with caution; she is cunning and selfish, and she'll do nothing desperate But I would give her no opportunity." "Oh, dear I Oh, Cousin Monica, don't leave me." " My dear, I can't stay; your papa and I —we've had a quarrel. I know I'm right, and he's wrong, and he'll come to see it soon, if he's left to himself, and then all will be right. But just now he misunderstands me, and we've not been civil to one another. I could not think of staying, and he would not allow you to come away with me for a short visit, which I wished. It won't last, though; and I do assure you, my dear Maud, I am quite happy about you now that you are quite on your guard. Just act respecting that person as if she were capable of any treachery, without shewing distrust or dislike in your manner, and nothing will remain in her power; and write to me whenever you wish to hear from me, and if I can be of any real use, I don't care, I'll come: so there's a wise little woman; do as I've said, and depend upon it everything will go well, and I'll contrive before long to get that nasty creature away." Except a kiss and a few hurried words in the morning when she was leaving, and pencilled farewell for papa, there was nothing more from Cousin Monica for some time. Knowl was dark again—darker than ever. My farther, gentle always to me r was now— perhaps it was contrast with his fitful return to something liko the world's ways, during Lady ICnolly's stay—more silent, sad and isolated than before. Of Madame de la Rougierre I had nothing at first particular to remark. Only, reader, if you happen to be a rather nervons and very young girl, I ask you 10 conceive my fears and imaginings, and the kind of misery which I was suffering. Its intensity I cannot now even myself recall. But it overshadowed me perpetually—a care, an alarm. It lay down with me at night and got up with me in the morning, tinting and disturbing my dreams, and making my daily life terrible. I wonder now that I lived through the ordeal. The torment was secret and incessant, and kept my mind in unintermitting activity. Externally, things went on nt Knowl for a time in tlie usual routine. Madame was, so far as her unpleasant ways were concerned, less tormenting than before, and constantly reminded me of " our leetle vow of friendship, dearest Maud 1" and she would stand beside me, and look from tbe window with her bony arm round my waist, and my reluctant hand drawn round in hers; and thus she would smile, and talk affectionately and even playfully ; for at times she would grow quite girlish and smile with her great carious teeth, and begin to quiz and babble about the young " fay lows," and tell bragging tales of her lovers, all of which were dreadful to me. She was perpetually recurring, too, to the charming walk we bad had together to Church Scarsdale, and proposing a repetition of tbat delightful excursion, which, you may be sure, I evaded, having by no means so agreeable a recollection of bur visit. One day, as I was dressing to go out for a walk, in came good Mrs. Rusk, the housekeeper, to my room. " Miss Maud, dear, is not that too far for you ? It is a long walk to Church Scarsdale, and you are not looking very well." " To Church Scarsdale ?" I repeated; I'm not going to Church Scarsdale; who said I was going there ? There is nothing I should so much dislike." " Well, I never!" exclaimed she, " Wby there's old Madame been duwn-stairs with me for fruit and sandwiches, telling me you were longing to go to Church Scarsdale—" "It's quite untrue,', I interrupted. "She knows I hate it." " She does ?" said Mrs Rusk qnietly; " and you did not tell her nothing about the basket ? Well—if isn't a story ! Now what may she be after—what is it—what is she drivin«- B atT " I can't tell, but I won't go." " No, of course, dear, you won't go. But you may be sure there's some scheme in ber old head. Tom Fowkes says she's bin two or three times to drink tea at Farmer Grab's now, could it be she'd thinking to marry him P* And Mrs. Rusk sat down and laughed heartily ending with a crow of derision. " To think of a young fellow like that, and his wife, poor thing, not dead a year—maybe she's got money ?"' "I don't know—I don't care—perhaps, Mrs. Rusk, you mistook Madame. I will go down; I am going out. Madame had a basket in her hand. Sbe held it quietly by ber capacious skirt, at the far side, and made no allusion to the preparation, neither to tbe direction in which sbe proposed walking, and prattling artlessly and affectionately she marched by my side. Thus we reached the stile at the sheep-walk, nd then I paused. "Now, Madame, have not we gone far norigh in this direction ?—suppose we visit he pigeon-house in tbe park V' " Wat folly 3 my dear a Maud—you cannot walk so far?" " Well, towards home, then.'" " And wy not a this way ? We ave not walk enough, and Mr. Ruthyn be will nut be pleased if you do not take proper exercise. Let us walk on by the path, and stop when you like." " " Where do you wish to go, Madame ?" " Nowhere particular—come along; don't be fool, Maud." " This leads to Church Scarsdale." "A yes indeed ! wat sweet place ! bote we need not a walk all tbe way to there." " I'd rather not walk outside the ground today, Madame." " Gome, Maud, you shall not be fool—wat yon mean, Mademoiselle ?" said the stul worth lady, growing yellow and greenish with an angry mottling, and accosting me very gruffly. " I don't care to cross the stile, thank you, Madame I shall remain at this side." "You shall do wat I tell you!" exclaimed she. " Let go my arm, Madame, you hurt me," I cried. She had griped my arm very firmly in her great bony hand, and seemed preparing to drag me over by main force. " Let me go," I repeated shrilly, for the pain increased. La !" she cried with a smile of rage and a laugh, letting me go and shoving'me backward at the same time, so that I had a rather dangerous tumble. I stood up, a good deal hurt, and very angry, notwithstanding my fear of her. " I'll a=k papa if I am to be so ill-used." Watav I done?" cried Madame, laughing primly from her hollow jaws; " I did all I cuild to help you over—'ow could I prevent you to pall back and tumble if you would do so ? That is the way wen you petites Made* moiselles are naughty and hurt yourself they always try to make blame other people. Tell a wat you like—you think I care ?" " Very well, Madame." " Are a you coming ?" " No." She looked steadily in my face and very wickedly. I gazed at her with dazzled eyes—I suppose as the feathered prey do at the owl that glares on them by night, I neither moved back nor forward, but stared at her quite helplessly, "You are nice pupil—charming j'oung person ! So polite, so obedient, so amiable! I will walk towards Church Scarsdale," she continued, suddenly breaking through the conventionalism of her irony, and accosting tne in savage accents. "You weel stay behind if you dare. I tell you to accompany —do you hear ?" More than ever resolved against following her, I remained where I was, watching her as sbe marched fiercely away, swinging her basket as though in imagination knocking my head off with it. She soon cooled, however, and looking over her shoulder, and seeing me still at the other side of the stile, she paused, and beckoned me grimly to follow her. Seeing me rpsolutely maintain my position, she faced about, tossed her bend, like an angry beast, and seemed uncertain for a while what course to take with me- She stamped and beckoned furiously again. I stood firm. I was very much frightened, and could not tell to what violence she might resort in her exasperation. She walked towards me with an inflamed countenance, and a slight angry wugginp of the head ; my heart fluttered, and I awaited the crisis in extreme trepidation. She came close, the stile only separating us, and stopped short, glaring and grinning at me like a French grenadier who has crossed bayonets, but hesitates to close. CHAPTER XVI. »H. BRYEKI.Y LOOKS IN. What had I done to excite this ungovernable fury 7 We had often before had such small differences, and she had contented herself with being sarcastic, teasing, and impertinent. "So, for future you are gouvernante, and I the cheaile for you to command—is it not so 7 and you must direct where we shall walk. Tres-bien! we shall see; Monsieur Ruthyn he shall know everything. For me I do not care—not at all—I shall be rather pleased, on the contrary. Let him decide. If I shall be responsible for the conduct and the health of Mademoiselle fiis daughter, it must be that I shall have authority to direct her wat she must do—it must be tbat she or I shall obey. I ask only witch shall command for the future—voila tout!" I was frightened, but resolute—I dare say I looked sullen and uncomfortable. At all events, she seemed to think sbe might possibly succeed by wheedling; so she tried coaxing and cajoling, and patted my cheek, and predicted tbat I would be "a good cheaile," and not "vex poor Madame," but do for the future " wat sbe tell a me." She smiled her wide wet grin, smoothed my hand, and patted my cheek, and would in the excess of her conciliatory paroxysm have kissed me; but I withdrew, and she com mented only witb a little laugh, and a Foolish little thing! but you will be quite amiable just now," Why, Madame," I asked, suddenly raising my head, and looking her straight in the face, ~ do you wish me to walk to Church Scarsdale so particularly to-day ?" She answered my steady look with a contracted gaze and an unpleasant frown. Wy do.I ?—I ilo not understand a you ; there is no particular day—wat folly! Wy I like Church Scarsdale 7 Well,, it is such pretty place. There is all. Wat leetle fool! I suppose you think I want to keel a you, and bury you in the churchyard 7" And she laughed, and it would not have been a bad laugh for a ghoul. " Gome, my dearest Maud, yon are not a such fool to say, if you tell me go tbees a way, I weel go that; and if you say, go that a way, I weel go tbees—you are rasouable leetle girl—come along—ullons done—we shall av soche agreeable walk—weel a you ?" But I was immovable. It was neither obstinacy nor caprice, bnt a profound fear that governed me. I was then afraid—yes afraid. Afraid of what t • Well, of going with Madame de la Rougierre to Cliureh Scarsdale that day. That was all. And I believe that instinct was true. She turned a bitter glance toward Church Scarsdale, -and bit her lip. She saw tbat she mast give it up. A shadow hung upon her drab features. A little scowl—a little sneer— wide'lips compressed with s false smile, and & leaden shadow mottling all. Such was tbe countenance of the lady who only a minnte or two before had been smiling and murmuring over the stile so amiably with her idiomatic "blarney," as tbe Irish call tbat kind of blandishment. There was no mistaking the malignant disappointment that hooked and warped her features—my heart sank—a tremendous fear overpowered me. Had she intended poisoning me ? What was in that basket ? I looked in her dreadful face. I felt for a minute quite frantic. A feeling of rage with my father, with my Cousin Monica, for abandoning me to this dreadful rogue, took possession of me, and I cried, helplessly wringing my hands— "Oh! it is a sbame—it is a shame—it is a shame!" Tbe countenance of the gouvernante relaxed. I think sbe in turn was frightened at my extreme agitation. It might have worked unfavourably]!with my father. " Come, Maud, it is time you should try to control your temper. You shall not walk to Church Scarsdale if yoti do not like—I only invite. There) It is quite us you please, where we shall walk then? Here to the peegeon-house ? I think you say. Tout bien! Remember I concede you everything. Let us go." We went, therefore, towards the pigeonhouse, through the forest trees; I not speaking as the children in tbe wood did with their sinister conductor, but utterly silent and scared ; she silent also, meditating, and and sometimes with a sharp side-glance gauging my progress towards equanimity. Her o"wn was rapid ; for Madame was a philosopher, and speedily accommodated herself to circumstances. We had not walked a quarter of an hour when every trace of gloon had left her face, which had assumed its customary brightness, and she began to sing with a spiteful hilarity as we walked forward, and indeed seemed, to be approacbin one of her waggish, frolicsome moods. But her fun in these moods was solitary. Tbe joke, whatever it was, remained in her own keeping. When we approached the ruined brick tower—in old times a pigeon- house— she grew quite frisky, and twirled her basket in the air, and capered to her own singing. Tjnder the shadow of the broken wall, and its ivy, she sat down witn a frolicsome plumpi and opened her basket, inviting uie to partake, which I declined. I must do her justice, however, upon tbe suspicion of poison, which she quite disposed of by gobbling up, to her own share, everything Which the basket contained. Tbe reader is not to suppose that Madame's cheerful demeanour indicated that I was forgiven. Nothing of the kind. One syllable more, on our walk home, she addressed not to me. And when we reached the terrace, she said— " You will please, Maud, remain for two— three minutes in the Dutch garden, while I speak with Mr. lluthyn in the study." This was spoken with a high head and an insufferable smile ; and I more haughtily, but quite gravely, turned without disputing, and descended the steps to the quaint little garden she had indicated. I was surprised and very glad to see my father there. 1 ran to him, and began, "Oh ! papa !" and then stopped short, adding only, " may I speak to yon now'!" He smiled kindly and gravely on me. " Well, Maud, say 3'our say." " Oh, sir, it is only this: I entreat that our walks, mine and Madame's, may be confined to the grounds." " And why ? ' "I—I'm afraid to go with her." "Afraid!" he repeated, looking bard at me. "IJav9 you lately had a letter from Ladv Knollys'?" No, papa, not for two months or more," There was a pause. " And why afraid, Maud 7" "She brought me one day to Church Scarsdale; yon know what a solitary place it is, sir; and she frightened me so that I was afraid to go with her into the churchyard. But she ' went and left me alone at the other side of the stream, and an impudent man passing by stopped and spoke to me, and seemed inclined to laugh at me, and altogether frightened mo very much, and he did not go till Madame happened to return." " What kind of man—young or old ?" " A young man; he looked like a farmer's son, but very impudent, and Btood there talking to me whether I would or not; and Madame did not care at all, and laughed at me for being frightened ; and, indeed, I am very uncomfortable with her." He gave me another shrewd look, and then looked down cloudily and thought. " You say you are uncomfortable and frightened. How is this—what causes these feelings ?" "I don't know, sir; she likes frightening me; I am afraid of her—we are all afraid of her, I think. The servants, I mean, as well as I." My father nodded bis head contemptuously, twice or thrice, and muttered,- "A pack of fools!" " And she was so very angry to-day witb me, becatise I would not walk again with her to Church Scarsdale. I am very much afraid of her. I—' and quite unpremeditatedly I burst into tears. " There, there, little Maud, you must not cry. She is here only for your good. If you are afraid—neven foolishly afraid—it is enough. Be it as you say; your walks are henceforward confined to the grounds; I'll tell her so." I thanked him through my tears very earnestly. " But Maud, beware of predudice; women are unjust and violent in their judgments, Yonr family has suffered jn some of its members by such injustice. It behoves ns to be careful not tu practise it." That eveniug in the drawing-room my father said, in his usual abrupt way— " About my departure, Maud ; I've had a letter from London this morning, and I think I shall be called away sooner than I at first supposed, and for a little time we must manage apart from one another. Do not be alarmed. You shall not be in Madame de la Rongierre's charge, but under the care of a relation; but even EO, little Maud will miss ber old father, I think" His tone was : very tender, so were his looks; he was looking down on me with a smile, and tears were in bis eyes. This softening was new to me. I felt a strange thrill of surprisrf, delight, and love, and springing op, I threw my arms about his neck and Wept in silence.- He, I think, shed tears also. "You said a visitor was coming; some one, you mean, to go away with. Ah, yes, .you love him better than me." No, dear, no; but t fair him; and I am sorry to leave you, little Maud." " Jt won't lie very long," I pleaded. " No, dear," he answered, with a sigh. | I was tempted almost to question him morfl closely on the subject, but he seemed to div! n« what was in my mind, for he said— " Let us speak no more of it, but only bear in mind, Maud what I told you aboit tbe oak cabinet, the key of which is here " and Z held it up as formerly : "you remember what you are to do in case Doctor Bryerlv should come while 1 am away ?" " Yes, sir." His manner bad changed, and I had re; turned to my accustomed formalities. It was only a few days later that Dr Bryerly actually did arrive at Knowl, quite unexpectedly, except I suppose, by my father He was to stay only one night. He was twice closeted in the little studv up-stairs with my father, who seemed to me even for him, unusually dejected, and Mrs' Rusk inveighing against " them rubbitcli " she always termed tbe Swedenborgians 'told me " they were making him quite shaky-like and he would not last no time, if that lankv lean ghost of a fellow in black was to keen prowling in and out of his room like a tame cat." I lay awake that night, wondering what tbe mystery might be that connected mv father and Dr. Bryerly. There was something more than tbe convictions of their strange religion could account for. There was something that profoundly agitated mv father. It may not be reasonable, but so it is The person whose presence, though we know nothing of the cause of that effect, is palpably attended with pain to anyone who is dear to us, grows odious, and I began to detest Dr Bryerly. It was a grey, dark morning, and in a dark pass in the gallery, near the staircase, I came full upon the ungainly Doctor, in his glossy J black suit. I think, if my mind had been less anxiously excited on the subject of his visit, or if I ha'd not disliked him so much, I should not have found courage to accost him as I did. There was something sly, I thought, in his dark, lean face; and he looked so low, so like a Scotch artisan in iiis Sunday clothes, that I felt a sudden pang of indignation, at the thought that a great gentleman, likemv father, should have suffered under his influence, and I stopped suddenly, instead of passing him by with a mere salutation, as he expected, " May I ask a question, Doctor Bryerly 7" " Certainly." " Are you the friend whom my father expects 7" "I don't quite see." " The friend, I mean, with whom he is to make an expedition to some distance, I think, and for some little time 7" " No," said the Doctor, with a shake of his head. " And who is he ?" "I really have not a notion, Miss." " Why, he said that you knew," I replied. The Doctor looked honestly puzzled. " Will he stay long away 7 pray tell me." The doctor looked into my troubled face witb enquiring and darkened" eyes, like one who half reads another's meaning; and then lie said a little briskly, but not sharply— "Well, 1 don't know I'm sure, Miss; no,, indeed, yon must have been mistaken; there's nothing tlut 1 know." There was a little pause, and he added— " No. He never mentioned any friend to me." I fancied that he was made uncomfortable by my question, and wanted to hide the truth. Perhaps I was partly right. " 01;! Doctor Bryerly, pray, pray who is the friend, and where is he going ?" " I do asuure yon," he said, with a strange sort of impatience, "I don't know; it is all nonsense." And he turned to go, looking, I think, an noyed and disconcerted. A terrific suspicion crossed my brain like' lightening. " Doctor, one word," said I, I believe quite wildly. " Do you—do you think his mind is at all affected 7" " Insane ?" he said, looking at me with a sudden, sharp inquisitiveness, that brightened into a smile. " Pooh, pooh ! Heaven forbid! not a saner man in England." Then with a little-nod he walked on,- carrying, as I believe, notwithstanding his disclaimer, the secret with him. In the afternoon Dr. Bryerly Went away. (To be continued.J THE travelling correspondent of the Pastoral Times records an extraordinary phenomenon as having taken place' in the back country of the Lachlan, in the shape of a thunderstorm of mice, as many as seven hundred being poisoned in one night in one bouse. CATHOLIC BISHOPS AT COURT.—^According to the Church Herald, one of the Catholic peers has been informed by Mr. Gladstone that after the repeal of the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill, the Bishops of the Catholic Communion will be received by ber Majesty at court on the same footing as the Bishops of tbe English Church. MR. BANDHANN, the actor, has had difficulties with the profession in California. He altogether met with rather indifferent success in the Pacific States. At Virginia City,- Nevada, be was hissed, and greeted with cow bells, horns, &c.;, and finally compelled to leave the stage, and throw up his engagement. THE case of Lane v. the Mayor and Aldermen of G-oulburn, Was beard in the Supreme Court, Sydney, before Mr.- Justice Fancett Biid a jmy of four,- on the 8th instant. This •was an action for wrongful dismissal of the plaintiff, George Lane, from the offices of town-clerk and collector of rates of the Borough of Goulburn. The result was that tbe jnry returned a verdict for plaintiff; damages, £18 6s. 3d. His Honor refused to grant costs.- FBOM a Blue-book fust issued in Queensland by the Government, it is noted that the Civil Service there was composed of 2,148 persons, vvithout counting those paid by fees or only occasionally employed. The money thus spent in salaries was estimated to amount to £2 16s 4d per head. The total revenue proper of Queensland was only £748,058, and of that sumi not less than £815,000 was disbursed in salaries and wages.- The debt of the colony at the same time was £3,000,000,' BO that after the payment of salaries and interest there conld be but little left to be expended on public works. To help the Government out of its financial difficulties, the newspapers seek the encouragement of immigration on an extensive scale. A SHDCKBft} case of fratricide is rep'ortei from Melbourne, Thomas Myles having'in' flicted fatal injuries on his brother Charles Myles with an axe. At the inquest the jut/ returned a verdict of wilful murder against tbe prisoner.- 