A PLEA FOll THE PLUMP. (y>uv Fork Tribune.) Tiir tut moil's organisation, in lacfc tlio Offatiiriation of any truly fat man, must porforco liavo claims ou our attention, not to say our wondor. It is a large association, and its influonco is wido ' spread. Any moasnre which fat raon combino to carry must havo weight. Should thoy rosolvo to exorciso a pres. sure upon public affiiit'3 wo foar that common interests will liavo to give way. Conspiracy witli such a body of mon, bo it mercantile or social or political, counts at tho start upon an impreguablo background of dofencd, and au overpoworiug invincibility of tcmpcramont. Withal thoy aro a most useful body in the widest sense of that word. The vory. wheels of progress aro in some manner oiled with tho substances of the30 comfort able mon. In short, anything which they do in common ought to liavo the interest of au ovont. Whether thoy sleep liko a happy herd, or open their oyes together, and shako thoraselvos liko an undividod sea, or whothor five hundred of thorn feed liko ono, they must bo a delight to generous imagina tionfl. Now wo liavo made moro than a tailor's allowanco for tho extent and character of tho fat movement, but liero at tho eleventh hour comes some body to scotd ns as a libeller. ' Good humour and fat reciprocally produce each othor,' says this unnecessary companion, 'and whero thoro is nono of tho former thoro is vory littlo of tho latter, and that unhealthy.' Though tho leau ghosts of Hood and Phronix stare at us, shall wo havo tho hoart to deny this ono monster virtuo so dear to the hoart of ovory fat man ? Think of thorn for a moment without it no bettor than withered gourds or col lapsed balloons. 'Was avarice ever tho sphinctor of fat men's hearts . Wo should think not. ' Do thoy over combino to rnn up tho prico of pro visions ? * Wo liopo not. 1 Job in hoalth was fat,' says our borator, ' for ho mentions leannos3 among his afflic tions.' But wo did not undortako to be tho advocates of emaciation. We might havo ventured a speculation with roforenco to tho scorning difficulty in many instancos of Job's doctrine of the resurrection of tho flosh ; bub wo let that pass. ' By far tho fattest man I evor know,' proceeds our critic, ' was the courteous and kindhoarted Jj. H. L., a member of Congress for several years. In bulk lio was equal to threo ordinary mortals, and, to his credit, his hoart soomod proportionally en larged. Intellect in him was as un clouded as in that loan trio, Alexander Stevens, Henry Clay, and John Q. Cal houn.' But was it not, not to put too fino a point on it, rather a fat intollect ? Wo should raarvol to think what firos of intellectual rago and domestic affec tion would consume tho planots if fat men's hearts and brains woro always in proportion to their bodies. Far bo it from our purposo to oxalt skin and bono. Heaven knows it is no crimo exactly to bo fat. Moral men havo done it, preachers and tho liko, public benefactors at that. Portly mon of a religious habit could hardly have sinned by neglect of ponanco in tho good old days; their fat was a sufficient mortification—but wo for bear. Thoro is no law wo know against getting what is usually called full, and if a school wore opened to morrow for tho training of youth in tho way thoy should waddle, wo doubt not it would havo in round numbers a great many pupils. Tho cherubs aro plump, and tho young lovos aro Waddi loves. There would soom to be a dis tinct and privileged pla?o in creation for good fat men and boys—a kind of Fatland hero and horoafter. Even tho plump must dio,Tiot always of apoplexy wo hope—and this consideration brings to mind that " tho sighing and griof which cata swell a man up so," place a traly fat man, like a truly good man, chief among tho mourners. But thoro is that in a round countonanco that Bmilo3 upon despair, liko corpulence on a monument. Wo think of fat, ruddy-cheeked mon dyuig without tragedy. Mortality cjuizzos thorn, chokes thorn with tlioir own mirth, Thoy aro killed by tho prosperity of tho flosh only, liko Cupids smothered to death by pillows. Death tickles thom with a straw and a louder laugh than uBual shakos tho life out of thom. Now, whoever says that our. fat men aro only the sleopers of tlio social mil road, unci so disposed that outlines of loan ontorpriso may run ovor fcliom, does not know whoroof ho spoaks. Wo youorato tlio loan iriau's causo, but for tho lilt man daro to ploatl. Any fat movomont must bo uooossarily slow, and it will bo somo timo boforo such a causo can proparo a platform sulliciont for its weight ; but in tho ovoufc of a struggle for superiority, tho causo of omaoiation and anatomy must go to tho wall. Tho Fat movomont, in briof, is simply a doinand for olbow-rooin, and as ouo for addod suffrage it ought and will bo of tho broadest charactor. Thiuk of tlioao solid mon groaning utidor tho oppression of tho franchiso, and crying out against custom ! If loan men havo ono voto, why should fat mon not havo two ? Two, did wo say ? Why not voto entiroly by avoirdupois, and so give tho fat men's association a whole district at onco. 