THE MAJOR EXCOMMUNICATION. Th<! Everlunthiij Curse of '.the Itoman. Catholic Church, in'omuliiated npa hist Victor Emvianuel. By authority of the Almighty God , the Father, Son' and Holy Ghost, and of the holy canons; and of the undefiled Virgin Mary, mother .and nurse of our S.aviour ; jind of thq celestial vir- tuess, .angels, .archangels, thrones, dominions, powers, eherubims, and seraxihims ; and of all- the holy x>atriarchs .and xu'ophets ; and of .all the .apostles and evangelists; .and of the holy innocents (who, in the sight of the Lamb, are found worthy to sing the new song); .and of the holy martyrs and holy confessors ; and of tlie holy virgins ; and of .all the saints, together with all the holy and elect of God — we excom municate and an.athem.atize him, and from the threshold of the holy churcli of God Almighty we sequester him, that he may be tormented in eternal excruci.ating sufl'erings, together with Dathau and Ahir.-im, and those who say to the Lord God, "Depart from u's ; we desire none of thy w.ays." And .as fire is quenched with water so let the light of him'be x)"t out evermore. May the .Father who created man curse him. May the Son who sullered for us , curse him. May the Holy Ghost which has given us in our b.axitism curse him. May the Holy Cross which Christ (for our salvation triumxiliing over His enemies) ascondetl, curse him. M.ay the Holy and Eternal "N'trgiu Mary, Mother of God, curse him. May 8b. Alichaol, the advocate of holy souls, curse him. M ay all the .angels and arch angels, xn'incipalities and XJowors, and all the heavenly ai-niics curse him. May St. .John the precursor, and .St. .lohn the Bajitist, and St. j.ubui, iiiiii- oL. j.-,uu, ana oc. .anarcw, aiui an other of Clirist's Axioslles together, curse him. And may the rest of his Disciples and four .Evangelists (who by their jireaching, converted the universal world), and may the holy aud won derful compiuiy of niartyrs and confessors (who, by their holy works, are foiind x>leaffing to God Almighty), curse him. May the Choir of the Holy Virgins (who, for the honor of Christ, have dcsjiised the things of the woi'ld), damn liim. May all the Saints (who, fiom.the beginning of the world and everlasting .ages arc found to be beloved of God) damn him. May the heavens and the earth, and .all the holy things remaining therein, damn him. May he be damned wherever he bo ; whether in the house or in the field, whether in the high way or the by-way, whether in the wood or the water,' or -ivlicther in the church. May he bo curaed m living and dying, in eating .and drink ing, in. Lasting or thirsting, in slumbering and sleeping, in avatching or w.alldng, in standmg or sitting, in lying down or working, mingendo, cacando, and in bloodletting. M.ay he be cursed in all the faculties of the body. M.ay he be cursed inwardly and out wardly. May he be cursed in his hair. May he be cursed in his hr.ains. Maj' he bo cursed in the crown of his head and in his temples. In his forehead and in his cars. In his eyebrows and in his cheeks. In his jaw-bones and in his nostrils. In his fore teeth and iu his grinders. In his lips ami iu his throat. In his shoulders and in his wrists. In his arms, his hands, .and in his fingers. May he bo damned in his mouth, in his breast. m ms hc.art, and m all tlie viscera of ins body. M.'iy he be d.amned in his groin, in the thighs and genital organs, in his hips aud in his knees ; in his legs, feet and too-n.ails ! May he be cursed in all the joints and articu lation of his members. From the toxi of his head to the sole of his foot, may tbere be no soundness in him. May the Son of the living God, with all the glory of his majesty, curse him, .and may He.'iveu, with all the x>owers tha.t move thei-ein, rise up- ag.ainst him — curse and damn, him ! Aineii. So bp it. Amen. — Sacramento Union. The BL.vsi'iiemy and Uncektain'j'y of the Mass.— According to the full-blown doctrines of "Pionie, when the xn'iest has said his say over the wafer, "if his intention" was .all right, which no one but himself can know, and if the flour in the dough was xnn'C) a secret only partially known to the baker, tlic result obtained is the ' Lord God Almighty,' in real flesh and bones, blood aud nerves. As tlie maker must .always be greater than the thing made, he who can pro duce a god out of bread must bo a still higher god. — From The Great Architect. Axeudo'I'E of O'Coxxell.— During tlic'rcpeal .agitation in Ireland, a gcntlem.an connected with the Times was sent by that journal to report G'C'oiinell's rather treasonable speeches. One of the first meetings the newspaper man attended w.as in .Kerry. Having heard of O'Connell's Xiolite qualities, he thought he woiikl ask that gentleman's xiermission to take a vcrbatini rexiort of the oration. The " Liber.ator " not only consented, but, in his oiliest manner, informed the assembled aiidieneo that " until that gintle- man was XJrovided with all writin' convaniences he would not sxiak'e a woi'd," assuming an extr.a brogue which was .altogether unnecessary. The reporter was delighted. The preparations began and were comxileted. The reporter w.as ready. " Are yo'ii quite ready?" asked Dan. "Quite ready." "Now are you sure you r'e entirely ready?" " I am certain, sir. Yes." The crowd becoming excited and imxiationt, D.an said : "Now, 'x>on my conscience, I won't begin the sx>ecch until the London gintleman is entirely ready. ' After w.aiting another moment or. so, O'Connell advanced ; eyes glistened ; ears ivere all attention ; and the reportonal x>encil arose. Dan gave one more benignant smile on the re porter, ivinked at the auditors, and commenced his sxieech in the native Irish language, to the rrepressiblp horror of the rexiorter, and to the I uliuite delight of all Kerry. 