MYSTERIOUS MUSIC UNDER WATER.' Wo have bnon greatly, interested in this wonderful specimen of the finny tribo, and havo pleasure in laying before our readers thejnformation we have obtained, acknow' lodging our indebtedness to tho ' New York Sailor's Magazine, Hurdwick's Scionco Gossip,' and ' Nntnro.' A correspondent. in 'Nature;' of May 14, 1871, says : — ' I havo road with groat inter est various speculations as to its origin (noises at soa), which is ascribod [1, tho pro bable solution] to- troops of Sciaiuoids [with reservation] by Mr -Kingsloy ; [2], to musical fish or sholls, by Messrs. Evans and' Lindsay ; [3] to gas, cseapo from vegetable mud and sand, by Mr. Malot ; whilst Mr. Donuohy suggests -the possibility of somo galvanic agency. 'On ombarking on board tho Danube steamer lying at anchor in tho roadstead off Groytown on tho 12th May,' 18G7, I was in formed that tho ship was haunted' by curious noisos at night sinco sho had arrived, and that tho superstitious black sailors wero muoh frightened at what thoy thought must bo a ghost, Tho'captain and officers could mako nothing of it, and it afforded a great matter for discussion. On inqniry, I found that othor iron ships had boon similarly affected. Curi ously enough this noiso was only heard at night and at corlain hours. Some attributed it to fish, snekors, turtlo, &o.;, othors to tho change of tide or current; but no satisfactory conolusion could bo arrived at. Whon night camo on, thoro was no mistake about tho noifio ; it was quite loud onough1 to awaken mo, and could bo hoard distiuotly all over tho ship. It was not dissimilar to tbo high ihonotono of an iEolian harp, and tho noiso was evidently caused by tho vibration of tbo iron hull, which could bo sonsibly porcoivod to vibrato. What oausod (his poculiar vibra tion ? Not tho change of current and tido, because, if so, it would bo hoard by day. Liko ovorything olso that wo oannot explain, I supposo wo must put it down to ' oleotrksity, raagnotisra, &c.;' M. 0, Do Thoron, in a loiter communicated, by him to Iho Acad6mio dos'Scionccs, Docom bor, 1861, says : — , 'Wbilo making explorations, in tho bay of Pailon, situated to tho north of the province pf Esmeraldasi in Iho Ropublicjif Ecuador, X was coaBting along about sunset, 'whoii 1 sud denly heard a strango sound, extremely grave and proiongod. At first I thought it camo from a fly or hornot of extraordinary sizo, but seeing nothing abovo mo, or in the neigh bourhood, I askod tho rowor of my pirogue wliouco Iho sound camo ? 111 Monsiour,, ho roplied' 'it is a fish which is singing thus. By somo it is named tho Syren, by othors, Musico.' ' -' ' Having, advanced a little further, I heard( a multitude of different voicos, which har monisod together, imitating, a church organ to great perfection. 'I at !onco stopped the* pirogue and listened for a long whilo to this singular melody .' ' ' ? . J' ? ' ' It is, not 'only in tho Bay of Pailon -that I havo onjoyed.lhis phenomenon : it oecurrod in sovoral 'places along tho const, and even still moro markedly in tho -river Matajo,' especially at (ho 'foot of n.-'littie promontory called Campan'a (the ' Boll).'' On going up higher than Cumpann, the traveller reaches Campanilla, where a similar '^cireumslanco occurs. I have hoard it said' that, in the rivor Moliuo, -an effluent! ot tho Mataje, tho samo singing of ,fish has been heard. It is' evident, thereforo, that to- whatever _ anecios these 'fish belong, thoy aro .capable of living in two qualities of water; inasmuch as that of the buy is pnroly salt, and' that of tho rivor is brackish— at least, it mingles, with ( the ocean only during the tidal hours. ''Tho piscino performers executed Hhoir music without boing disturbed by the pro sonco of boats/ and without showing1 them selves at tbo surfuao of tho water, aud this during succossivo hours. ? ( ' It is towards sunset that tho fish begin to mako thotnsolvos hoard, aud they continue thoir'song during tho night, imitating the notes of an organ vory exactly, — as when one is near tllo door of a church, but outmdo, not inside, the sacred edifice.' ' - ' In Sir Emmorson Tonnant's ' Ceylon' tho following notice, occurs of musical sounds heard in Chilka Lake, a salt-water creek close by Batticaloa on the eastern shores of Ceylon. 'I distinctly heard tho sounds in question. They came np from the water liko tho gentle thrills of a musical ohord, or the faint vibra tion of a wino-glass whon its rim iq rubbed by a wot fingor. It,, was not ono sustained note but a mnltitudo of tiny sounds, each oloar and distinct in itsolf;- tho sweetest troble mingling with the lowpst'bass. On applying tho oar to tho woodwork of the boat, tho vibration was greatly increased in volume by conduction. '.The sounds varied considerably at different points, as 4,wo movod across tho lako, as ,if tuo number of the animals from which thoy prooeoded was tho groatcst in particular spots ; and* occasionally wo rowed out of hearing of thom altogcthor, until, rotnrning to tho original locality, tho sounds woro at once ronowed.' ' Tho , Bombay Times' of January, 181-7, says: — 'A party lately crossing from tho promontory in Salsottc, called tho 'Noat's Tongue,' to near Sowzoo, woro, about sunsot, struck by hearing long distinct sounds liko tho protracted booming of a distant boll, iho dying cadonco of .an iEolian harp, tho note of a pitch-pipo or pilch-fork, or any other long-drawn-out musical note. It was at first snpposod to bo tho music from Par noll floating at intervals on tho broczo ; (hen it was porcoivud lo_ come from nil directions, ulmost in equal strength, -and lo nrifio from (ho surface of Iho water all r mud tho vossol. Tho boaliricn at once intimated that tho sounds woro produced by fish, abounding in (ho muddy creeks and shoals, they word por feully well-known, and .vory often heard.' A correspondent a few weeks later in tho snmo paper says : — ' Tn a late nurnbor of tho ' Tiraos,1 I nolicod somo romarks respecting tho Musical Fish, as they havo boon rather aptly termed..; and it may bo interesting to tho renders of tho ?'.?Times', to be informed that tho existence ot a similar phenomenon has long been known to tho residents of Vivsaga pa(am. I have hoard tho musical sounds, liko prolonged notes ou a harp, when rowing on tho back water at that slation ; and they woio gonorally. supposed ? lo proceed from the fish comiug in contact with tho sides of tho boat.' 'T havo heard, says W. C.P. Shero, Surrey, 'theso fishes on 'two different occasions — onco 'off tho wost coa'st of Ceylon, in doep water ; and once in tho Sarumoth Rivor [Borneo], in six fathoms fresh water — in the former case an iron-built vessol, in the lattor a wooden ; so that it appears thoso fish are not confined to such special localities as some of tho published accounts imply ; neither do thoy limit thoir visits to iron vess'ols, as a writer in tho May number of 'Naturo' ap pears to think. 'OffCe3'lon wo wero nbout ono hundred miles north of Colombo — eight loaguos from tho shoro, and in a depth of water exceeding ono hundred fathoms — timo shortly after sun sot. When the sounds woro first hoard they might havo boon, takon for faint echoes of musio from tho distant shoro, until after listening attentively thoy woro found to como up from below the surface -of tho soa, and fell 'upon tho ear something liko tho tones of ah ^Solian harp, rising ' and falling in regular cadonco, impressing tho mind with a sonso of something distinct from what had ovor before boon experienced, 'On tho following morning a number of small fish wero soen swimming about the rud der, and upon catching two or threo, thoy woro found to havo an -attaching apparatus at tho 'back of tho head, similar to thoso I havo seon in tho Wost Indies, called by sailors 'sucking fish, and it is this which I tako to bo tho musical instrument, This supposition is strengthened by tbo faotvthat if tho ear bo laid upon an adjoining part of tho vossch while the sounds aro hoard, , the ' source of them appoars to bo in contact with tho vossol, and no longer at a distance as whon tho ear is del ached. My idea is that the littlo crcatnros carry their littlo harps 'upon thoir heads, and thoy can only play them' whon fixod upou a smooth surface, such as tho bot tom 'or sides of a ship, and that they havo no powor of omitting any sound wlion swimming about liko othor fish. I will ask, may wo not havo hero, in those- finny siugors, as thoy may bo called, tho origin of tho myths about tho songs- of sirons;1 mermaids,' and similar fabulous storioB? for in tho ages w.hon ovory natural phonomenon'was personi fied and invost'od with a 'pootical halo, this music'of the soa woqld bo tho songs of sirons; dwelling in caves and, grottoes' far. clown in tho'dopths.' . ' . ?' ' '- ? From what has beon , written about ?''the size and soundn of the 'drummer fish' off the .coast of America, it is- apparently of an 'on- tirclv different kind from that in the1 eastern seas. Dr. Gunthor, our highest authority on those subjeqts, has kindly, furnished 'the following explanation : — , ' ' ' 'Tho musical fish which' has been observed by Profossor Kingsloy during his visit to tho West Indios is'wellknown under the namo of Pogoiua Ohromis, All Writers on tho Nbrth American Ichthyology speak of tho 'Drum,' 'Drummor,' or 'Grunts,' and of the peculiar noiso produced by it undor wato.r 'It. is a fish, like tho Maigre, growing to a length of four or five fcot, found in American waters, north and south of the lino. Other allied species, are 'found' in tho East Indies, where they havo also beon observed to aston ish' the sailors by their music. , ? lv 'So muoh is certain — (1) That tho ,noiso is produced by this fislv or similar species, which 'generally; go about in shoals or herds. (2) That' tho sound is not produced by ,the^ means of tho air-bladder — which is perfectly' closod — as1 somo 'suppos6d. ' I bolievo tho sound is produced by the action of the enor mous upper and lower pharyngoal teeth, with whioh threo movable plates in tho gullet aro armed. These teeth havo tho forrn'of pave ,ment:stones. I am not well enough acquain ted, with acoustics to say what distance sound can. travel undor water ; but I havo no doubt_ that the fish can ? produce the sound with those teeth. ' It is not known whether ' the fishes produco thoso sounds when' feeding,1 or only at certain soasona of the ' year.' — ' 'Science Gossip.' . England and Amiiuica. — At tho recont Lord Mayor/s banquet to Her Majcsty'u Ministers, Gono-al Schonck, in reply to the toast of the 'Corps Diplomatique,' mado a capital speech, of whioh the following is the conclusion :— My Lord Mayor, when Franco and England aro oxdhanging kindly assurances of *good understanding at a civic festival liko this, it is notimportinont, perhaps, for mo to inter veno with tho remark that wo Yankees deriving some of our qualities from other parentage than yours,, and, from our habits, climate, surroundings, and the , necessities undor whioh we have grown'up, partake some what of the characteristics of both of you. [Cheors, and a laugh.] Wo are a Bort of combination of tho mobility of the French with the solidity of the 'Saxon stock. As to any poculiar obstinacy prevailing in our men tal constitution, I think 'wo '- got that trait mainly from you. [Much laughter.] . I trust, howovor, we shall generally display it only in adhoronco to justico and right; [Cheers.] Supposo wo place our understanding hence-' forth on this ground, — lot ns unite tho 'All right' of England with tho 'Go-ahoad'of Amo'rica. [Ohcors,[ That would mako an allianco which would probably not oasily bo ovorcomo by any olhor combination on earth. [Load and continued cheering.] It is a curious fact, demonstrated by tho ro cent British census, that the population of Ireland is actually loss than tho number of Irish who aro now in tho United States. — American papor. ^ . 