The Old Four-Poster. By Walter Maurice. On the oaet coaBt there are two or three fashionable water ing places, and about fifty unfashionable. To one of these last, carefully selected as being one of the most unfashion able — only two lodging-houseB and a country inn — I betook myself last August, with the intention ef remaining there a month. I was no more jaded than a man ought to be after a year of not too hard work, and no great amount of dissipation and society. My nerves were not that pressure which sets in with such violence about the end of the season, and of which we hear so much between the end of term and the beginning of October. And I was not contemplating an epic, or a novel, or a five-act play. I simply went down to enjoy myself in a solitary way — to sail, bathe, fish, stroll about, read novels, and smoke pipes. It was about 2 o'clock in the afternoon when I got down there. The last eight miles of tne journey were done in an omnibus, which they called a coach. One family were at my watering- place, and only one. I ascertained from my driver that I might choose between the other lodging house and the inn. There were, it appeared further, no German bands and no barrel organs ; there was no circu lating library and no assembly rooms. In fact, civilization, with its march, that we hear so much about, had not come this way; though its tramp was distinctly audible not many miles away. The inn was that pretty kind of inn which they repre sent on the stage — a low, two-storeyed house, with a porch, and creepers clinging all over the front. On the right was a little 'parlour,' as they call it, which was at my service ; on the left was the bar, furnished with the usual display of pewter. There was a fragrant smell of thyme or of lavender in the bedroom ; there was a garden behind the house, all dreamy with the hum of bees and the scents of old-fashioned flowers — stocks, wall-flowers, hollyhocks, London pride,and the like ; and. about a quarter of a mile away was the seashore, with a long murmur of waves. The landlord, regretting the absence of his good woman , brought me a little dinner of some fish and a chicken, at four. The ale was excellent ; and after dinner I sat in the garden and smoked, in great content, watching the glitter of the light in the leaves till the suu went down, when I returned to my parlour and got some tea. In the twilight, I went out for a stroll by the shore. It was very quiet. The family in the lodging- house were apparently all gone to bed. There was not oven a coast-guard to be seen. I undressed and took a hasty dip, and then went back to the inn. Here I smoked two more pipes, drank a single glass of brandy and water, and went to bed. You will ob serve that the day had not been exciting. There were two beds in the room — which was much larger than one generally finds in a country inn, and extended along the whole front of the house. One of these, which I had not noticed in the afternoon, was a grim, dismantled old four-poster, occupying a good half of the room. My own was a little iron, bachelor's bed — one of the pretty little French things. But the other was a sort of ancestral state bed. That is, it had been. Now, its cumbrous rigging was all pulled down ; the curtains, rings, and hangings had been taken away and carried off; the mattresses and vallance removed ; and only the four bare posts, with the sacking of the bed, left. The posts seemed to preserve something of their ancient dignity ; and it was not without pride— the last possession of a ruined gentle man—that the old skeleton towered in its fallen state. I was glad to look at the contrast of the little French bed, gaudily painted in green and gold; neat and tidy; open and low : suggestive of quiet slumber and peaceful dreams, with a waking early in the morning, to find the early sun streaming in at the window, and the twitter of birds inviting one to be up and away, plunging in the cool waves. At present, however, the full moon was shining, clear and bright, into the room. I opened the window and looked out. I could see its long silver liehtupon the water, and hear the roll of the sea on the beech. There was no other sound — not even the barking of a dog ; and, with a murmur of congratulation at having found a place so quiet and so pleasant, I turned into bed, and fell asleep. The bark of a dog— a door slamming — the sound of many voices— the tread of steps on the stairs. What is it ? I am a fool to waken so suddenly, and a greater fool for not going off to sleep at once. I address myself again steadily to slumber ; think only of soothing things ; shut my eyes hard ; lie in the most comfortable posture. But all of no use. My feet are wakeful and restless ; they kick of their own accord. Something tickles my nose. Something startles me just as I feel myself dropping off. This evidently will not do. It has just struck twelve, and there are yet three hours before the dawn. I remember the advice of Franklin. He recommends you to get up; shake the pillows together, lay the sheets straight, walk about the room for five minutes, and then try again. I get up, shake pillows and smooth sheets, walk about a little, and open the window. The moon is throwing her light full upon the gloomy Old Four-poster. * * * * * « Broad daylight. A delicious cool breeze comes in at the open window, and awakens me. I eit up and look round, trying to remember things. Then, suddenly, I be came aware of a most singular circumstance. I was lying on the bare sacking of the Four-poster. A cold shudder ran through me, as I tried vainly to re member how I got there. I*couldnot remember anything beyond looking from the window, and noticing the moon on the old bed, and my own shadow on its sacking. A sort of terror came upon me, and I precipitately got up and re treated to my own bed. Then I gradually got warm, and reasoned myself into the belief that I had been sleep walking, or had lain there for coolness. As for the troubled feeling, the sense of something terrible which happened and been forgotten, I put it away from me — it was the effect of too aany pipes. I got up, bathed, and came back refreshed and jolly. It was the loveliest day— a day on which a murderer's conscience would be soothed and quiet — a day when London is hot and heavy, and the Downs are cool and bright— a day for a long walk, to clear out the cobwebs of thcTbrain, to forget regrets for wasted opportunities, and to build anew gorgeous dreams of things that might yet be. I used the day well. I walked along the low, breezy cliff, by the eea-shore, where I met no one but a man who, I have reason to believe, -was a poacher — at least, the ears of a hare were sticking out of his pocket. But he was not a noxious animal, and answered my greeting in a sufficiently civil, if not friendly, manner. After some ax or eight miles of walking, I came upon an old ruined abbey, with a small church of modern- con- struction in its precincts, and a very old churchyard. Beyond the abbey stood 8 few houses of a village. The ruins were not much to look at. Three walls remained, and the places where once were the windows ; but of these the very tracing was gone. Ivy clung over the walls, and seemed to keep them up ; but the abbey was long since roofless and desolate. I was reminded of my Old Four-poster, and made out a fanciful resemblance ; think ing how a mantle ef ivy would improve the appearance of that venerable relic of antiquity. Then I turned into the churchyard, and tried to read the epitaphs ; but I fonnd nothing remarkable. In a corner of this 'God's acre' was a comparatively new monument : it was a tall and rather graceful cross of white marble. In the centre of these marble tombs I read the inscriptions. They were to the memory of Charles Arthur Clynton drowned accidentally, August 16th, 1838, aged twenty-six ; also of Lady Alice Clynton, his mother, died in December of the same year; and of Clara Helen Bwinford, died about six years afterwards, aged twenty-seven. I sat down, and thought of the mother's grief : died, too, four months after her son— probably broken- hearted! And who was Clara Swinford P Perhaps his wife that was to be ; and she, too, only survived him six years ! Then I surprised myself with a big tear, which fell copiously— if I may so express myself of a single tear — into my beard, and lay there like a pearl. I am not generally given to cry over other people's mis fortunes, being quite of the opinion that a gentleman can find plenty to cry about in considering bis own. So, for fear of another, I rose, and addressed my Bteps homeward, btill thinking of the terrible tragedy commemorated by that marble cross. In due course I got through the day. Making acquaint ance with a seafaring man — not unconnected, as one may say, with the fishing interests — I accepted an invitation to go trawling, or dragging, or something else, with a boat and a net. I dined at five ; had another stroll by moon light; and went to bed, at . ten o'clock, well tired. The first thing that caught my eye was the confounded skeleton of a bedstead ; and I got into bed with words on my lips that should have been, but were not, part of an evening prayer. And then I fell asleep without more ado. ***** 'What is it ? I am awakened, not naturally, but sud denly, as if I had been shaken into consciousness— tho- roughly, however ; and I sit up in bed, startled, contused, and terrified. The church clock is striking twelve. The moon is shining full on the sacking of that preposterous great bed, exactly as it did last night. And then the remembrance of last night comes upon me, and I begin to shiver and tremble, It is too absurd. I be back, and try to get to sleep again ; but it is of no use. Curiously, too, the words on the tombstones are ringing in my ears : ' Charles Arthur Clynton, aged twenty-six ; Lady Alice, bis mother ; and Clara Helen Swinford.' Poor Clara! Poor dear Cla— a — There's a yawn. I am positively getting sleepy again. ' Also, to the memory of his mother, Lady Alice.' Hang Lady Alice ! There are footsteps in the road : a noise as of men talking in whispers ; footsteps in the garden, footsteps in the house, I cannot remain in bed. I leap out, open the window, and breathe the cold night air. There is a con fused and shuffled tramp up the stairs ; then along the passage. They stop at my door. The door, which I had bolted, swings open. What is it that makes my heart freeze, and my eyes glaze, and my limbs stiffen with a momentary horror? What is this nameless dread that comes over me ? Why do I stand in this helpless way, staring at the open deor ? For I cannot move — I can only watch and wait. It is only momentary, and I can lift my eyes and turn them round the room. It is all changed. The great bed is hung round with curtains, and tassels, and fringes. Clothes are hanging about. There is an old-fashioned toilet table, covered with brushes, jewellery, and rings. The chairs are littered with riding-whips, gloves, and spurs. The table is loaded with books. The room is filled with Borne strange light, and the moon seems to have disappeared altogether. All this I saw at a glanee, and then turned to the door. In the passage were half a dozen men adjusting a burden. Presently, they all came in, bearing— something ! What was it ? Five of them were rough, fisher-looking men, in sea-going dre6s. Before them came an old man, in some sort of livery, weeping. But they all had heavy, mournful faces ; and all bore their burden in a reverent, careful way. They put it on the bed, and lifted the cloth. Oh, God ! it was a dead body ! — the body of a young man — his eyes open and staring — his cheek pale and ghastly — his jaw sunken— his long, fair hair dripping with water, and matted over his forehead : a week ago, a tall, strong, handsome man. They put up his fallen jaw, and closed hfs eyes, and laid a handkerchief over his face. And then one of them spoke, in a hushed voice, as in the presence of Death's handiwork. I found him,' he said, 'off the Clewin Rocks. He was beatin' about in the waves, and his poor arm was nigh crushed to pieces. See here !' He lifted the coverlet from the arm, and I saw — oh, the piteous sight ! — the delicate, shapely hand bent over and crushed into the arm which, bruised and broken, lay upon the bed. , ' I picked him up, but couldn't get him into the boat till John Cess here, he come alongside, and helped me. Directly we got ashore, we sent up to the Hall.' I don't think I was afraid. The fear had passed away very quickly ; and left curiosity, and a sense of something wild and strange. I waited to see what would happen next. Nor had I to wait long. Presently, there was the sound of horse's feet and carriage wheels, which stopped at the house. Then light footsteps on the stair. And once more the door flew open. Two ladies, dressed in black, came in. Their eyes were red and swollen; but they had no tears, and no words of sorrow. They stepped quietly to the bed fide, the rest silently parting to make roem for them. Then the elder lady spoke : — lane win uuui uuu uio xauc. juet uin sue uiy ouy. The old man interposed. ' Don't ye, my lady— don't ye, now ! ' The poor old man. He dropped on his knees, with his face in his hands, and bis whole frame shaking with sobs. I do not know which was the more pitiful sight, the grief stricken old servant, or the wan-cheeked women. But they took the cloth off, and the elder lady gazed long and sadly upon the features she was to see no more. The girl clung to her arm, and, after a single look, hid her face. At last she replaced the handkerchief. One of the men, with a rough grace, took a pair of scissors from the table, and cut off two locks of his fair silken hair, giving one to each. ' It hardly needs,' said the mother. But the girl hid hers in her bosom, with a convulsive sob. ' Come, Clara— come, my daughter,' said the mother, and led her to the door. As they disappeared in the dark passage, 1 heard the girl sob out, heartbroken — 'Oh, Charlie! Charlie!' The bitter, hopeless sadness of the scene came upon me like a flood ; and, unable to restrain myself, I wept aloud. Then it seemed to me as if the faces of the men turned to me curiously and inquiringly ; and then all of them slowly faded away and disappeared. I was standing in an empty room. The door was shut. The cold night air blew upon me from the open window, and my shadow lay, in the moonlight, on the sacking of the dismantled old bed. Then I felt my heart grow cold and sink within me ; ani I remember nothing more. Again I awoke, as the morning sun came in at the open window; and again I found myself, cold and shivering, lying on the bare sacking of the bed. This time I had no difficulty in remembering everything; and I got up, dressed, and took a bath and a walk to recover my nerves. When I came back to breakfast, I found that the land lady had returned. She saluted me curiously, inquired how I had slept. I thought she meant more than mere courtesy, and replied by a tremendous fib — 'Pretty well; but there was a good deal of disturbance in the night.' ' There was, sir,' she said gravely. ' And if I'd been at home before you went to bed— which I wasn't— not for fifty pounds sheuld you have slept in that room— last night of all nights in the year.' ' And why not last night ? ' ' Last night is the night when we hear the same noises, year after year. And they do say ttiat it's the men carrying poorMaeterChMles-bimaawaB drowned thirty years ago —up to the bedroom where he slept the night before he was drowned. ' And have you heard the noises ? ' 'Ihave.eir,' she said gravely. ' And I heard them last night. ' And did you ever — ever see anything ? ' 41 No,' she said, ' I have never seea anything ? and I don't think there is anything to be seen. And you didn't see anything, sir ? ' I thought it would be very absurd for me to spread about a new ghost story, so I told another tarradiddle— a pious one this time— and said I had seen nothing. She told me the story while I was having breakfast. It was exactly as I had witnessed it. The old serving man was her own father. The mother of the drowned man died of a broken heart The girl, who was to have married him in a fortnight, pined away and died some years afterwards, when they buried her by the side of her hus band that was to have been. In the course of the day I paid my bill, and took a place on the omnibus for the nearest railway station. There were no four-posters at the next place I slept at. Readers wiQ observe that I Lave been particular as to details. For instance, I did not — as Robinson always in sinuated— hear the story first, and see my ghosts after wards. No such thing. Nor had I taken too much brandy and-water. My bill alone— which I have kept— disproves that assertion, which Robinson also makes. The story as it stands, and with no deductions whatever, is my first con tribution—I trust my only contribution — to the ghost literature of my country.— All lite Year Hound. 