TURF GOSSIP. ' By Falcon. Thcvo is not much, iu tho way of gossip this week. All thoughts and ideas are con* centrated ou the Derby and Cnp. Dreams aro again getting prevalent. Tho plauoaetto is appealed to,' borreot prophets of the past ato iuoitodto deolaro their predilections, and false tipstors are sought oub on tho principlo that boing so often wrong they must in turn ' _ 1 1 1 1 1 1, . w-^mm^ 1 j | 1 1 11 ? :?-' I r ?be right. Happy: Mthe'mao who ^has solved- -t! th a itoystery arid discoyelred'th.ci right horse,''''1 I4lo: never was/there more nionoy ,m 'thii ^ marketto lay... three weeks before ;the;ipop,V^;a orj when longer : prices could, be got about ;; ! good horses. Nearly all the horses are now ont the spot, Little1 Pick, ,Thd Baron, 'and^;'t By long having arrived on Monday last, '? Barbella has yet to come arid she may be , ?; daily expected ; and from market movements - ? ? ' it would appear as though' Lottery was in. ??'? tended to ? undertake the journey, for what sr purpose, -unless to riiake money out of him, . r ' 'tis hard to .Bay, for if his running has been {? , true-^-and Ibeheve it has-rhe can have ao -h ghost of a chance. . Let him come; the more ' ''? the merrier. The Duke of MbntroBe will ' not come until after the Derby Day, when- - heiwill accompany the steeplechasers Bein« ???- ?-??« deer and Dolo. Mr. WilBon'a team from St. -.;??' ' - Albans, near Geelong, will remain athoma - until the morning of the race, unless they ; ' are required on the Derby day. Under any :*';'? circumstances those required will not-w ??' moved until - the morning of the race for '! which they are wanted. The ^orirney ii'Ckl;I nothing to undertake. A three or four mile - « f walk to the Geelorig station, in Mel* O~- borime under two hours, a handful of ostsp 'o and a walk to the course; just enough to -'-'~iy qnauiythem: for the task they have before - ' them. .. It . is evident 'that little will -be ?' 'n known of thia stud until they arrive here. ' The index will be the betting market ' - ' ' '? The Victoria Racing Club Bill, which lias ; ' . recontly passed through the House, will be ^ a great boon to society generally. The things'- ' ' that are in contemplation when all is com- ' pie ted are Bomething marvellous. A fifteen' ^-'^ thousand pOnnd grand stand, connected b^a' '??-' long tunnel so that we can step ont of the train' '' into the luncheon room ; saloons on the base ' : with flighfa of steps leading to the beautiful : ; and enlarged lawn ; the ring transferred to another portion of the grounds out of ear shot, and a glove shop at the side so that all bets of this nature can be paid on the course. A meeting was called of the members of, the Victoria Subscription. Betting Boom early in the week, but the summons met ? with a tardy response. The following com- : mittee for the year was, however, chosen :.[ Messrs. M'Millan, Kerr, Cox, Power,. Iieth« ; bridge, Sayera, and Strettle. The snbscrip* ? tions of one pound in advance .ate now' due, \ but I despair of anything like an adequate r number joining. The majority of the book| makers object to the position of- the rooirti'1 and prefer .the more favored site offered bj^'1- a the Prince of Wales. This may; be all vfi^ well, but it should be remembered .tihajb* » betting institution having its committee ifl necessary for the protection of all persons betting, so that disputes can be adjusted be«; tween layers and backers, -with power to en« force payment or the alternative. However r ^ convenient the Prince of 'Wales may be,' it* ' -J J cannot afford the. accommodation required, more particularly on settling tdghts, and by the ring declining td support 'Qie -old room they lose all power over defaulting clients. ' ; As regards the committee chosen, it may be i the best that could be got together' at the ' time, but such a combination will never enjoy the confidence of either the ring or the pub* lie. - , 1 A rather serious charge has been made to the stewards of the V.R.C. against Morris Griffin, the jockey— in effect that he pur posely and deliberately balked The Bake at the first fence in the Selling Steeplechase on Saturday last The Hake was balked beyond all doubt,. but whether purposely or accidentally it is beyond ns to say. The charge will be properly investigated .at head - , quarters with their usual impartiality, and f , further remark. Should the charge be ? l fully proved the punishment will be met by a long suspension from ridiag. f Mr.. Petty has lost ono of his brood mares. , * She died on Saturday night last when giving birth to a foal by Yattendon. Nutcut was ; ^ ^ by Pitsford, out of Amber by Glaucus, and : ' was bred by Captain Mylne in 185S. She was purchased for ilr. Petty in May last with a : foal to. Yattendon by her side. Her owner can congratulate himself that she was one of the leastvalued of his stud. Stephen Mahon, the jockey and trainer, is wanting employment. ' Ho ,has but lately returned from India, and thereby lost his opportunity, otherwise he would not now be out of harness ; and Sam DaviB has some boxes to let near to xno 01a pouco aepov, should any stand in need of them. In the principal steeplechase on Saturday last there were no less than five riders with blue jackets, in a field of five horses. Can not owners find some distinguishing colors without adopting the unusual blue ? Selector has been scratched for the Flem ington Hunt Club Cup, and Portland and Frank for the. Cheroot Race. Mr. T. J. Ryan, with Tho Monk and five, 1 [ other horses, arrived on Thursday evening from Adelaide by the Aldinga. The Doan, Darkio, Surprise and Prince \h- Rupert were submitted to auction, on Tues- '( ' day, at Kirk's bazaar, but failed to find new owners. The highest offer for any one of s(( them did not reach one hundred pound's, and v for the latter only '20 sovs. was bid. ( ( It has been found necessary to fire both ( L , ^ Amethyst and Lily. The Newstead Jockej Club races take place on 1 2th December. The celebrated horso, Tim Whiffler, and threo youngaters, the purchase . ot the late \ '' Mr. Mofiatt, arrived on Tuesday morning by the Aviemore, after a passage of seventy four ' ' days. ? . , . ' l The accepts£ric«i for th^ Albury Handioa'p ' ' shonld be';4'sovs;'v'not TL4j'aaitwaa made to** ***^ appear l«at week. *' ''. ',', ' r'- t'. ri'» 