"FULL OF GOD." We are always thankful, even for the smallest mercies." Mr. J. K. Heydon. has been mindful of us again. He has published another of his "Catholic Tracts and the first partof it is occupied with an attemot to Drove that the "Catho- lic religion," or rather "Catholic forms and ceremonies," are "full of God." Of course, his purpose is to show that while the Catholic forms and ceremonies are "full of God," those of the Protestant are " empty shiidows " and only "husks." The style of argument is truly original. It shows us with what nonsense Popish minds are pleased. It shows us how, when show and superstition saturate the mind, the veriest trash is marvellous wisdom to it. We shall give our readers some idea of this additional specimen of a Papist per vert's grasp of intelligence, in the, hope that some thinking Romanists may be ashamed of the literature which flows- fruui their chui'ch. For example, Mr. Heydon, in his Catho lic Tract, speaks of " empty forms " having now " passed away." But this is not true. The "Jews" never had any "forms" which were ''einptif ; they always fulfilled their object ; they were full of meaning as long as they lasted, and were intended to last ; they never were " empty but while it is false that the forms of the Jews were ever empty, it is abundantly clear that the worship of the Roman Church is as full of ridiculous and "empty forms" as ever an egg was full of meat ; to wit, the bowings and scrapings on all occasions, turning to the east, changing of vestments, carrying of banners, «fcc., &c.; Of course, Mr. Heydon will say that the Romish forms are nat empty, but " full of God and the answer will afford substantial proof that there is no end to the folly of Roman ists. But, as an illustration of what Mr. Heydon mean.s, he thus proceeds, — " The Jewish religion was a religion of shadows the Christian religion has the real divine things which cast those shadows." "The Jew," says he, " had the shadow of God's Infant body hanging upon the breast of the Virgin ; we have the body itself; the Jew had the .«hadow of the full-grown man bleeding from those five wounds on the cross; we have those five open wounds themselves : the Jew had the shadow of the sacrifice of Christ daily offered ; we have the real sacrifice, the very victim, Christ Himself : the Jews had the shadow of the bread from heaven, the pot of manna always hidden in the ark ; we have the true bread of heaven with which we may daily feed our souls. All was a shadow of God to them ; all is God Himself to us." Such is the sacred rant and religious nonsense of a man who sets himself up to convert the world by his crazy puerility. Not only is it bombastic nonsense, but it is a jumble of pagan and popish blasphemy. For instance, " body " and "five wounds," as well as "Christ Himself," and the "true bread from heaven," are spoken rof as being "God Himself!" Again, it- appears that the " infant body of God," hanging upon the Virgin breast, was only a shadow ; but the body itself th.e> Romish church has ! Where? probably in the wafer, made of flour and water! It appears also, that the full grown -man bleeding from five wounds on the cross was ordy a shadow ; but that the Romish church has "those five open wounds themselves !" Where ? It must be a miracle to see wounds apart from the body in which they exist ! It appears, too that the sacrifice which the Jews saw on the cross was only a shadoto ; but that the Romish Church has the real sacrifice, the real victim, Christ Himself ! Where ? In the j)ix ! in the mass ! It appears, also that the bread which the Jews had, the j)ot of manna, hidden always in the ai-k, was only a shadoto but that the Romish church has the true bread from heaven, with which Mr. Heydon daily feeds his .soul ! Where ? Again in the wafer of paste, which is no more "bread from heaven " than any other bread, and which no more can feed the soul of any man than the body could be fed by such verbose stupidity. Yet, that corrupting paste, which the wind can blow away, and a mouse can consume, is blasphemously called the very Christ, the very sacrifice, . the very victim, and Gk)d Himself ! Mr. Heydon speaks very "shadowily" and "emptily" about a "pot of manna always hidden in the ark." It is quite clear that he supposes that the pot of manna was in the ark, and kept in the temple by the Jews, until the time of Christ. But he ought to know that the Jews, in the time of Christ, had no such " shadow." . Six hundred years before the time, of Christ, the ark, and the pot of manna," "were either destroyed or carried to Babylon, by Nebuchednezzar ! For six huhdr years, therefore, there was neither ark nor pot of manna ) and yet Mr. Hey- DON talks very confidently and ignorantly, about the pot of manna being a shadow to the Jews until Christ came ! But bad history, and heathenish notions of God, ai'e not tlie worst things in Mr. Heydon's tracts; they are iofidl of false hood, very confidently and boldly affirmed, that it is not very easy to bo patient in refutingorexposingthem. For example, this " Catholic truth" expositor tells us that while baptism in the Protestant Church is an " empty form," in the Romish Church, it is a " heavenly thing," and that " God is in the waters of baptism !" He tells us that when a child is baptised by a Romish Priest " Christ comes to the child, flings his arms about it, bathes it in his precious blood, washes away all that was foul in its nature, pours into it a new heavenly na ture, makes it part of, himself, and im plants in it the seeds of heavenly nature !" If there is one particle of truth in this, it is one of the most marvellous tilings in all creation, that Roniisli children, as they begin to grow, are usually as perverse, dirty, depraved, given to lying, stealing, and worse vices as other children ! But it is not true : it is only the wild and in coherent drivelling of a man who has swallowed an Infallible Pope ! Again, Mr. Heydox tells us that when a Romish Bishop confirms a Romish child " the Holy Ghost comes down upon the child, dwells v/ithin it, strengthens it with seven ivonderous gifts, gives light to its mind, and power to its will, makes it no more a child, but arms it as he armed the tu ut? il sujulur vi l»uc jjuiu. xl th'e were one particle of truth in this statement, how does it happen that the > Itomish youmj men and women are as often found in wickedness as other young ; people % that there are more of them on j the streets than others 1 that there are | more of them in prison than others 1 and ; that in Romish countries, or parts of Protestant countries where the Romish Church has chief sway, as in some parts of Irelarrd, there are more of those Romish people Avlro have been corrfirmed by their Bishop, in every kirrd of vice arrd wicked ness than of other peoplel The fact is, the statement is false, palpably false, as may be. proved by a visit to the homes of nine- tenths of those people who are " confirmed" by Romish Bishops ! Again, Mr. HEvnoN tells us that while the Commuirion of the Protestant Church is a "cheat," the Communion in the Romish Chureh is a " heavenly thing." He then give.s the following, as the words of Christ to his Apo.stleH, " This is not bread, but my body. ; this is not wine, but my blood. If I die I will not leave you ; I am always with you to the worlds end. Here under the look of bread is hidden the body which is bread indeed : liere you have my sacred heart ; here the hands you have so often kissed ; here the lips on which you have so often huirg. Be comforted ; for though I die I leave you not." All this is totally false. Christ never said this, nor anything like it, to his Apostles. It is, therefore, an audacious instance of impiety and foolhardiness to put into the mouth of Christ such words as these, which deliberately falsify the words which were really spoken ! It is a Popish trick ; it tells upon itself ; for "the kissing of hands " is a Popi«h " form," of vvjuiJLvaA JVIAVTT nothing; and yet, how monstrous, that the apostles should be thought to have comfort and blessing in eating the hands which they had so often kissed ! Again, Mr. Heydon says that the Romish anointing of oil, or extreme unction, at the moment of death, is ordered by St. James. But this too is false. James had not the most distant notion of Popish anointing with holy oil ; and to call thai heathenish mockery a " fortifying of the soul," and a giving of it a safe "viaticum to Purgatory," as a "real work of the cross of Christ," is in the last degree an unprincipled deceit. Again, Mr. Hkydoit tells us tliat, while marriage in the Protestant Church is nothing— an empty form, — "marriage" in the Romish Church is the " Grace of God, the work of the precious blood giving to the couple married power fronj heaven, to help each other heavenward, and to rear their children to be spirits round the throne of God." But this too is an impudent imposture. If there were any truth in it; how; comes it that so many of the .Paddies and Bridgets, who have been married by the Priests, appear before the magistratesat the police- office to answer for black eyes, broken noses, and deser tion of children 1 How comes it, if all this pretended virtue exists in priestly marriage, that .so many of those , who are married by the priests are the pests of their neighbourhoods by their nightly riots and drunken squalls 1 How comes it, if priestly marriage gives power to rear children,that so many of the children of the priest married couples are our street arabs, our ragged-school pupils, and the little lambs which are quietly folded m all our institutions for " neglected children 1" The truth is, that the statement would be laughable were it not that the public has to pay, in cnine and charity, very clearly for such hypocrisy. The cliildren which are said to be reared to be " spirits round God's throne," are largely the class from which most of our criminals come ! Lastly, Mr. Heydon tells us that while the prayers of the Protestant Church at the graves of the dead are of no avail, "the prayers with which a body is borne by Catholics to the grave touch the soul, unless it be in hell ; they help it at the judgment seat, and they hasten its flight to God !" It is scarcely possible to believe that such words of senseless and heathenish superstition could escape from a man who once was a Protestant. Yet so it is. These are the deliberate expressions of Mr. J. K. Heydon, J.P. Alas I there is no saying where self-de lusion will end! We, bid Mr. Heydon reflect on the case of Mr. D. Egan. His body was carried to the grave by Catholics. Many prayers wei-e ofiered for his soul. He was absolved by the Ai-chbishop himself. He was buried .by He had the benefit of other three or four priests. Did the prayers " touch his soul 1" Or, is it in hell 1 Is his soul lost, or is it being helped at the judge ment .seat 1 Is it descending to perdition, or are the prayers of the priests hastening its flight to God 1 The answer will doubt less be interesting to the colony ; for the whole colony knows how disgraceful was the conduct of certain clerical nightmen who lifted the " body " of the unhappy " Catholic," and cast it out of the conse crated ground, as a thing too polluted to lie with holy Romanists of the O'Farrell stamp ! Such then are the proofs that the forms and ceremonies of the Romish Church are "full of God." Such arc the demonstrations and reasonings of " Catholic truth tracts." If ever there were proofs of the apostolic description, as applicable to the Romish Church, of the " great apostacy," viz., "speaking lies in hypocrisy," we have them here, in these wretched efiusions of a Romish Justice of the Peace. There are more absurdities in the last effusion which we shall reserve for another occasion. 