TASMANIA. LECTURE ON " THE VATICAN COCNCIL. The opening lecture of the session of the Catholic Literary Association was delivered -on the evening ofthe 19th May, at St. Peter's Hall, by the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town. On the platform were also the Very Rev. the Vicar-General, the Rev. Messrs. D. F. X. Beechinor, and P. R. Hennebry, and Dr. E. S. Hall. His Lordship gave a very interesting description of the Vatican Council, and ably and clearly defined the doctrine of Papal Infallibility. By the pressure on our space usual in mail week, we are denied the pleasure of giving his Lordship's address. PRESENTATION CONVENT, HOBART TOWN. A Grand Drawing in aid of the Presentation Convent, Hobart Town, will be shortly held in Melbourne, the law of Tasmania preventing it from coming off there. The Tasrnanian Catholic Standard has an article in favour of the effort, and in the course of its remarks says:— One'thing we are trying hard to compass—and that is to extend the facilities which the establishment of the Presentation Nuns is affording for the instruction of the children of the metropolis. The first step towards this great end is the completion of the present building. A drawing on a large scale is to come off shortly in Melbourne : a grim No. something, Vict., 1837, renders it illegal to hold such a thing here. Legislation is required to remove that obstacle. The Legislative body in 1837 had to deal with convicts as well as lotteries. The legislation for the former will shortly be a dead-letter; we trust that the petty interference with the latter will also become a thing of the past. Lotteries are in themselves indifferent from a moral point of view, and can consequently be turned to a good end—and howsomuch we may be gainsayed, we venture to assert that a movement that tends towards the establishment of the " living temples of the Holy Ghost —the ingenious souls of Christ's little ones—is praiseworthy in the extreme. From an ethical point of view, lotteries are not sinful—they are not against the natural law —they are not against the law of God. Any attempt to put them down must be regarded as the result of some peculiar religious tenet or tenets. To force religious tenets on the minds of others—to bring legislative coercion to bear on the principles of others—is against that liberty of conscience which we aU enjoy alike in this our native or adopted country. Let, then, the drawing go on; no tax will be levied to make it a success. An appeal is made to all to aid the undertaking, and we once more, as we shall continue to do, heartily and earnestly invite co- operation for the completion of a building which is destined under God's providence to play such a material part in the future well-being, social and religious, of the youth of. Tasmania. 