SUMMARY OF NEWS. ' Oli Tuesday a patient in Melbourne wlio was placed under obloroform in order to allow of a surgical operation, died a few moments after the anrasthotie had been applied. The patient was Mrs. Jano Shallara, who was suffering from a stiff ness in the knee joint, caused by rheuma tism, and she hud a fortnight ago been placed under the inllueuco of chloroform with safety. Tho chloroform was used by Dr. Fulton, who was attending the patient, and at an inquest held tho jury lound that Mrs. Shallard was accidentally poisoned by chloroform, which had been properly and carefully used. Only forty drops were used.-Argus. > The new Kapunda Institute has cost a little over £1,600. It is a two-storey > building. It contains library,-ladies' reading room* gentlemen's reading > room, .class rooms, <fec. A lecture hall is em braced in the design, but is > left out for a future time. The licensed victuallers, tfnd. brewers have combined to raise the price of beer to ordinary consumers., . . A Gecloug lawyer named Muley has been committed for trial charged with forgery. Mr. Thomas Churnside has presented ,^B220 to publio charities in, Yiotoritt. ?' The manager of ..the Sank at .Grenfoll, jNew South Wales, has been acquitted on the charge of embezzlement. Between 60 and 70 acres of flax has beqn sown in the G umeraeha distriot this ^season, ,, 4.. ; By the outgoing mail.a combiunieation jWul be, forwarded (says the Aram) by the Victorian Government to the Agent "General asking him to obtain : further information relative to the Cape mail .route, and also to ascertain whether the imperial Government wonld be. inclined to grant any subsidy in support of a postal service by such a line of steamers. The Chief Secretary has received a tele* gram from the Govornor of South Aus tralia notifying that at the end of two .years that colony will* cease to contribute to tho P. and O. Company's service. It 3S therefore considered not improbable :that. at the expiration of that period the whole burden of that line will fall on /victoria. The.Government of this colony has.received propositions for two services tW'a'San Francfsco, one from the colony of sNew, Zealand and tho other from a pri Tate firm. -A curious description of one of the ? JWaori representatives in the General Assembly of Now Zealand was given in: a lecture by Mr. C. E. Haughton, de livered at Dunedin. The lecturer said: 1 *1~u Pne of those Maori .representatives .^vas.a great chieftain named Mete Kingi, mi they had doubtless heard.' .That hon. gentleman had very peculiar notions of tho functions of a legislator, a number of weaknesses altogether beyond political weaknesses. J?or instance, ho 'had a habit of walking away with the soap and hair brushes .tr-0?iSn,£?TT'0 lavatory* (Laughter.) < lie (Mr. Haughton) met that hon. gentle man one day on the beach at Wellington with a hair brush sticking out of his pocket. (Continuod laughter.) That .hon. member also had a weakness which ; Was unfortunately not confined to the Maori raco-that of borrowing half, frowns and never repaying them. Mete Jfingi very soon found out that the best time to borrow half-crowns was just before a division ; and ho (Mr. Haugh ton) was sorry to say that, having acted as'whip'for one of the parties in the -tfouse, ho was very frequently tho "Victim ; and the common honesty of that jiarty had never prompted them to repay Jitm. (Loud laughter.) After sketching aomo ot tho other 'liftle weaknesses* of ,-tho honourable member, Mr. Haughton said that on one occasion ho met with ??Mete ICingi and a coloured colleague coming out of a certain fishmonger's shop in Wellington, holding by the tail a shark about three foet long. It was a remarkable fact that for about a week . ter that occurrence it was utterly im possible to sit in the part of tho House Wuere the Maories were; and everyone .certainly pitied the unfortunate inter preter. who had to sit amongst them. <Great iaughter.) Meto Kingi made a ? speech once, and a very fair sample it tvas. He said ' England is a great nation. (A pause.) The Maories are a great people. (A pause.) Tho English bavo called us to this great house. (A pause.) We sit here.' Then eame the anti-climax:-' They have pounded my ,«cow at Wanganui.' Then he ended like fn ancient chief of an Indian tribe :-'I have spoken.' That was the best speech . 2io ever made. (Much laughter.) He . 80«y that just . as members were getting into the ways of the first Maori members, four new ones had been . -elected.. He was told-but he could not' vouch for the truth of the story- tliafc one of; them had' distinguished himself *ix year® ago eating a baby. He ?expected that hon. gentleman would be £ne of . those who would support the i present Ministry. (Great laughter.)" ? A most violent outrage was committed Ksays ^ the^ Argus) at the Collingwood branqh of the Commercial Bank, Mel ;. bourne. At a quarter to three o'clock ^ msp went .into tho bank, and tendered 4,choque to Mr. A. Jamieson, the mana ger, for payment. The cheque was drawn 'on the Melbourne branch for £12, and was signed by " Guthrie." The manager ;*\yas m the act of telling ;the man that it wpuld be necessary to,obtain some known f,indorsation boforyi it ' could be cashed, Whenthe stranger top Ira piece of lead weighing about Slbs. from his pooket, and ..threw it with all his strength at M r. .Jamieson. The missile,struck him in the «liest, breaking a rib, and for a moment depriving > him of consciousness. The man yan round tho end of the counter, and was approaching Mr. Jamieson, when the 8ub-accouqtant,oame to his assistance, lhe man drew back, and took out a sling made of a piece-'of lead weighing about HP m the'end of a handkpr «luefi, Mr, Jamieson called out for assist anceyand several of the neighbours came rushing in on which the man made off. pursued down Langridge-street, ana, after a sharp ohaso he was captured, andlodgedin the Fitzroy^ lock-up. He igives the name of CharJes Marshall, and sayslie has. been employed as a labourer, out does not state where. Before goinir into the bank lie took off a heavy over coat, and left it up a right- of-way, so that 3ie went into the bank evidently prepared for a severe struggle. It is supposed that he had ohosen the time at whioh the attempt was made because the manager was usually alone at that hour, the sub accountant being away making the bank exchanges? but another supposition is that the man is of unsound mind, and the police inoline to this view. , Some persons think him identical with a man who some 8«° threatened to shoot dir. James M CulJoch, It has since been ascertained that the man is insane. 1 Pheasant shooting commenced in Auck land province on the 1st of May, and nearly 800 licenses.havo.been taken out, to the great benefit of the Acclimatisation oociety, who derive from this source an income of £500 a^year. It, is^ stated that the Hawaiian Govern ment intend to recognise the Fijian Go vernment. The Argus sayaThe Government.of Victoria have resolved upon appointing a commission to consider the question of the introduction of new industries into the country. By the outgoing mail instruc tions will be forwarded* to the agent* general directing him to send here men from the south of Europe skilled in the cultivation of the olive, tobacco, and the preparation of dried fruits. ; Pearson, a life-prisoner for bushranging and attempted murder, cut his throat in Paramatta Gaol a few nights ago, The wound is supposed to be mortal. Captain M'Farland,_ of the 'Samoa, was found dead in Rolfe'a timber yard, Sydney. His body was partially eaten by ? rats. He was formerly the largest South Sea trader in Sydney. At the inquest the jury found that he died from apoplexy. John B. Gough tells the following story, though the joke be at his own expense. Once, while on a leoturing tour through England* he was introduced to a small village audience in these terms i-* Ladiea and gentlemen, I 'avo the 'onour to intro- j duce to you the distinguished lecturer, Mr. John B. Gough, who will haddress us on the subject o( temperance. You know that temperance is thought to be a very dry subject; but to-night as we listen to our friend, the horator from the hocean, , we 'ope to 'ave the miracle of Sampson i repeated, and to be refreshed with water from the jawbone of a bass P" In Great Britain a tax is paid on over' 11,000,000 dogs. Tlio agricultural '.statistics of Tasmania show a surplus of 328,Q0C^ty8hsl8,, Whilst visiting the Peninsula,. Mr. Ii. Kent Hughes, M. P., hail posters printed ?and circulated over the three townships and mines on the Peninsula, for the I purposo of informing not only his constitu ents!*, but the Crown Lands Ranger also, that the latter has no power to prosecute any one for cutting or removing timber, or* raising and removing stone, etc,' from Waste Lands of tbe Crown.', i The Victorian revenue for th.e year end ing June SO, shows a decrease of <£80,000. ! Alien Ryan, a servant, is remanded on a charge/ of attempting to poison the family . of Mr. Denny, ironmaster, of Bathurst, .New South Wales. . '? A shock of an earthquake'wan felt at Gundngai, New South Wales, on the 14th, making the sixth within a month. The half-yearly balance-sheet of the ; Victorian Woollen Cloth Company shows an actual profit (in oloth) of £939 19s lOd for the half-year, and thejdirectors propose to declare a dividend of 5 per cent., pay* able when they-realize, but they recom mend the shareholders to take it out in tweed so as to reduce the heavy stock i on hand. ( i The movement for the establishment of i a woollen factory in Warrnambool promises to become an accomplished fact. It is understood that the factory will be ; established by a few local capitalists, not as a joint stock company, The Daily Telegraph has been served with a writ for five thousands pounds damages on a charge of libel in connection with remarks in that journal on the (Nunawading Messiah revelations. The action has been brought by J. 0. Hender son. The decision of the Navigation Board in the Hector case is that the vessel was ' lost through gross negligence. Captain, Harrison's certificate is suspended for nine ! months, * A ghost story has been exciting some attention at Strathalbyn, and in the Southern Argus of last week appears the following statement. mn/Jn "or T taking a walk very eany one morning, through some motive -which I cannot account fori was induced to walk through the burying-ground, and coihing to a grave surrounded by a wall,, and covered with a slab oi slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight I rubbed my hand on the form, and found that portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen, and still not being satisfied I walked away and came back in about fifteen or twenty minutes after, and still the form was there; BO I determined upon visiting it' again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning; but not being a believer in supernatural appearances I tried to define tjbe cause, but failed. In the course oi conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he I visited the place and saw the form, al though not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it . has been Been since by others, Nowyl believe I there is some natural cause which produces 1 this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will liable to j satisfy the nyftds of those who have seea.ic for although many things have' been adr vanced by people as to the probablecauqe, i none s:>em satisfactory to my mind-And; I those who have been eye-witnesses of' the sight." v' ? The Simonsens had -a very; small audience at Gawler, which,, says the Bunyipi MadamevSimonsen seemed to con sider a slight on heiv for u at the close of I the second part of tbe entertainment', she I made a speech more tart than ladylike." ! The substance of the. specch.is supplied as : followsShe trusted the " audience ! would not expect an ericore~there. were so few; .'in fact, she wondered why such a nice hall was built-(Mr. Simonsen11 For doga and monkeys")~-so few seemed to attend it, She had heard of its being filled on the occasion of amateur perform ances, given by Tom, Dick, and Harry, who liked to bear themselves' sing. She could scarcely see it; at all events the people did not appreciate artists who had given their days and nights to the study of their profession. It was the same when they . visited Gawler six years ago. In fact, th^ amateurs were jealous, and they had in duced their friends to stay away, for fear that if they once heard real artists they would never go to hear amateurs again. They must excuse her, she had a habit of speaking her mind; it was her way, She should remember Gawler as.a-black spot in her heart as long as Bhe lived." A feat of strength and endurance' was performed on Thursday morning by a respectable labouring man named Andy Lawson, He engaged to carry a bag of flour, weighing 200 lbs., on his back with out resting or assistance of any kind to his home at Alberton starting from the Port, the distance being a mile, and a portion of the way being through heavy sand and crossed by a couple of fences, He suc ceeded in completing tbe task within' 27 minutes, and received t'M sack of flour from Mr. Wilcook as a reward for his exer tions.- Advertiser, George Edward Clarke, brought up under habeas, pleaded guilty to' a silk robbery to the extent of £200, from Huckle and Haggot's pkee, Melbourne. He was committed for trial. Gustave Zimmerman, charged with murdering Johann Bease, on 15th October, at Karabenl, midway between Dunkeld and Hamilton, was acquitted at the Belfast Circuit Court on the. 14th. ' The Southern Argus correspondent at Wentworth announces the following seizure on the River Darling ,'~u The J. H. P., steamer, Captain Wallace, that passed up some tvw weeks,ago has got into trouble at Wilcannia. She had on board some beer belonging to Mr. Button, of Goolwa, he being passenger on board, and which has been industriously hawked all the way up, but at Wilcannia the police seized the boat and ale* fined the captain £10 and costs for hawking without a license, £30 and costs for carrying beer for sale, and confiscated all the ale. An information was then laid against Mr. Dutton lor selling eighteen gallpua at Menindie, fined £30 and costs. Another information for selling kegs at other places was withdrawn. The owners of the boat | Were fortunate in not haviqg their boat confiscated. It is evident that the police up there are determined .to put a stop to the enormous amount of illegal traffic that has been carried on by the steamboats on the river to the detriment of the resident traders. The same ihing is of daily occurrence here. T wontler when* those whose duty it is will begin to look, after the matter. They-certainly want waking up a little," By the Northern mail which arrived on Wednesday, July 12, Mr, Toad received news from ihe Peake. Mr. Babbage, writing on the 30th June, Btates that he had laid out the whole of Mr, Bagot's contract for 514 miles. The health of the parties was excellent. He had been as far as lat. 26 e >40', and was layjng out the line as he returned, The flour in tins was being injured through Pome chetuic&l; action which was going oil inside the»packages. Mr, , Boucaut, the sub-overseer. of Mr. Bagot's construction party, wrote from Mount Margaret on July 8, and from his report it appears that the work was pro gressing ratner slowly owing |o the. posts uot arriving fast enough to keep the expeditions employed. Only 25 miles of poles had been erected during the last month^and there were yet 150 miles to be done,' but it was expected that greater progress would be made during the ensuing month. A series of meteorological obser vations have been kept at the Peake from the commencement of its establishment as a depot, and from these we gather that the highest temperature recorded in June was 85 °, and the lowest 33 °. The quantity of rain had fallen off very much, but there had been slight showers on April 15 and 16. Prom Mr. J, Rounsevell, who has just returned to town, we learn that 440 miles of poles had been erected when he left the line, and that 150, miles had been wired, All the wire had reached its destination, and only needed fixing, Mr. Bagot's parties were, opening a fresh piece of line every week, and had done over 50 miles per months, It is,-he says, also reported that Mr. Babbage will be sent to the northern end of Section E, whence he is to take' a number of waggons, which are now delivering their loads on their route, and make a flying survey of the line, tracking it as far as the Roper. ?ltegister. , The local correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes:-r" Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt-bridge ghost, has rath.er intensified that feeling, and this is particu larly true of one of the party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear ever since, that he is almost prostrate; On Friday nighta orowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear' his version- of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors, unceremoniously rushed out. Finding hitriself thus left the sole1 occupant of the house, be hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive confusion and hurry left his hat and boots behind, and applied > all available , speed in making his escape to my house, distance about 60 yards, and pitifully implored admittance, lie said be must have traversed the dis tance in 13 bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated, himself on his good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about 45 years of age, and about 6ft. 6in. high, with hair standing; on end, barefooted and bareheaded, clearing huge logs and other obstructions as if the arch-fiend himself were at his heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and you have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish them selves with firearms in ease pf meeting tangible resistance; Should tne scheme bo carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more converts to the new faith." _ Mr. Noel (says the Age) has on more th&n; one occasion borrje testimony to the undoubted wealth of some of the insol vents who seek" the protection of his court, and only a few days ago he spoke with great apparent' admiration or the handsome equipages which some of them drove to their first and second meetings. But it is not often a person undergoing the operation of whitewashing confesses the soft impeachment that he has any .available assets. Still less that his estate ought to show a surplus of £111,000. But such an admission was made the .other day. by Mr, Dallimore* late of .MoQallum's Creek, squatter. This gen tleman must 'have japerf^^ for litigation. A few years ago he quarrelled with the Lands department about a por tion of' one'' of the eight stations then held by him, which had been converted into a common. The dispute was fought with great fierceness on ooth sides, and after being decided over and ovor again by the. Supreme Court at nisi pritia and in banco, was oventually brought before the Privy Counoil, which extinguished the olaims of Mr. Dallimore. Ho is now trying the1 Insolvent Court for a change, probably with the view of obtaining somo practical knowledge of the; working of the new law, for according to his own, statement thore was not the slightest necessity for him ever to file his dohedule. The facility with whioh he seems to havo dealt with enormous Bums is appalling, when it is remembered that not many years ago he was earning his livelihood, or at leaBt supplementing his income, upon a sporting newspaper as a reporter. He settled the whole of his property on his wife and ohildren, after Clough and Bogg had obtained judgment against him for £3,868, and had issued a writ to re cover £33,000. The.firm which claimed to be oreditors for these amounts asked him to sign certain papers to secure the Oriental Bank} but he refused, and in stead surrendered his estate. In 1866, he was offered £96,000 for the stations, and he estimated his present olaim against Clough and Co. at £34,000, We can only wish he may get it. What with their past experiences yiith Mr. Hodgkinson, and their'present passage at arms with Mr. Dallimore, they will find the neighbourhood of Lexton rather unpleasantly warm. A portion of land in one of the principal streets of Warrnambool, sold during last week, realized £16 per foot, the depth being only 82J feet. The Rev. Father Bassetto succeeds the Rev. Father M'Nab, Q3 Roman Catholic clergyman at Portland. At an Orange demonstration in the Ex hibition-building, Sydney, there were pre sent 2,000 members of the various lodges. They intended holding a religious service there last Suudny. " About 8 o'clnok on Wednesday even ing," states the< Gteloug Advertiser, " as a servant belonging* to the Sir Charles Darling Hotel was passing down Bellerine street she observed what appeared to be a bundle of clothes, lying at the doorstep of a dwelling-house, occupied by a shoemaker named M acgillivray. On, toe occupiers of the premises being informed of the occur rence* the parcel was inspected, but the contents created no little consternation. Wrapped inside of a small but comfortable Woollen shawl, tolerably well clothed with flannels mid napkins, lay a female child about six weeks old. Alongside of it was deposited a bottle of milk? and pinned to its shoulder was a half-sheet of note paper, containing u badly-written scrawl, This was to the effect that the name of the child was Adeline Elizabeth, that the j mother regretted being unable to support it, but would probably, repay those who did for their trouble at a future time." The Maryborough Advertiser' says !. " Mr. Sumuel Uren, a well known resi dent of Timor Creek, called at our office on Monday to inform us that a man in his employ, whilst grubbing in a paddock, came across a nest ot snakes containing the extraordinary number of 109 of;thdfce reptiles, tho largest of which, he states, measured four feet in length. ^What a prodigious crop 1 Most of them weye very young, but they were all taken from tho root of one tree. Timor Creek roust assuredly be a lively place for snakes, but it is fortunate that these were killed in one fell' sweop. "Wo haye no reason to doubt the truth of the statement, incredi ble as it may seem. Mr. MacBain, member for the Wimmera, has presented the Wimmera District Pastoral and Agricultural Society with a j silver cup, value '#10,'.as a " prize for the j best pen ol two merino ewes of any age." The Peasant CreeU News says that the medals which the society will, award to successful exhibitors will be struck at the Melbourne Mint, as that establishment is for enough advanced to undertake work of this description. . On Sunday evening last, the Hev, Mr. Cameron, Presbyterian minister of Sey- j mour, was robbed of £30 in cash, sundiy bank receipts, and all his communion plate. " The things,'1snys the Kilmore Guardian, " were taken from the manse during the reverend gentleman's absence atMangalore, where he had gone> to preachy The whole. of the articles mentioned were deposited in a private desk, and there is; a deal of mystery as to how the robbery was effected." . I , 1 Says tho ArgusWithin tho last fortnight an ex-Minister df tho Crown, but not now a member of Parliament, was refused admission to a Collingwood omnibus. He might have be$v ascertain ing for himself the faultlesshoss of the management of the Colossejnn, or he might otherwise have deputed; himself a Committee of Enquiry as to the preva lence of deleterious drinks. His compa nion, desiring to dispatch hint pe?'Clapp/ and Co. to Collingwoodi endeavoured to overcome the scruples of the, driver ,or; conduotor, and represented mat "Mv friend has been a Minister of tlje Crown. "Sorry to hear it, sir," was the reply., " We. make no distinction ; wouldn't carry him if he was the Prim* Minister of Prussia." Nor did lie. Thkt Execu tive Councillor had to find his fray home otherwise-say in a cab by .himself, with some one to hold him." . ~ -;HiBiNO-PiiNpsr«-' We qtfot^tlj®: fol lowing from the Manchester Guardian and Times of April 211-" When we find the Judges of one of our superior Courts speakingaof a law which they are bound to administer as ' harsh and cruel,' we mya well ask ourselves how it isfthat such a law- is not repealed. A case came be fore the Court of Queen's Benoh on Wed nesday, in which a pianoforte-maker soujght to recover the price of a piano which he had let on h'iretoa tenant whose landlord had seized it for rent. The land lord was informed- that the piario did not belong to the tenant, but he refused to give the bailiff any instruction), respect ing it. Accordingly it was sold .with the rest of the furniture. The Lord Chief Justice said it was no doubt a harsh and cruel law that a landlord should be en titled to take the goods of ihird parties on the premises, but such was the law.' Mr. Justice Blackburn observed that - ' he had always felt the extreme injustice of the law, but it could not be disputed until it was altered by the Legislature;' and Mr. Justioe Hanneri begged to express his concurrence in- these views. Surely after this the remedy will not long be withheld. We recently referred to the short Bill which has been introduce^ into Parliament for depriving landlords of a power whioh is oppressive and extor tionate, and with such a unanimity of opinion amongst the'Judges the measure ought to pass without a murmur of oppo sition." SILENT WOMEN.-A wife who lives in the town of Harmony (?)* has not spoken' to her husband for twenty-one years 1 In 1849 the husband contradicted her harshly in the presence of company, and she threatened that if lie didn t behave better toward her she would never apeak to him .again. He retorted that he wished she wouldn't , and she has not, since spoken to him. They have con tinued to live together peacefully; and during tho long sUenc£ have had several children. Everything goes,'on at their houseas usual with farmerp. The hus band is attentive, and converses with his" ?wife through one'of the ohildren. For instance, ho will ask a child at the table, " Will your mother have some mpre meat?" Or at another time, "Is your mother going to town with me to day P" The family are wealthy and rospect ablo. There has,been until recently a curi ous case of silence in Michigan; A Mrs. Mills lost her health about thirty years apo under the trials and privations of rude Western life. She finally took'to her bed, '-and maintained such inexorable silence there that her family were compel led to believe that she was insane. Her children grew up and were married, and others took the household carcs while she continued silent in bed. Not long ago a hired at tendant presuming upon her inability to complain, was guilty of some special im pudence. Instantly She sprang up in bed, and with flushing eyes, gave tne offender a good scolding. Then she arose, and recommenced ner active existence, to the amazement of her husband and friends. She has surely had a long rest from work, and Western life is pleasanter now than in 1840. These singular instances in real life are analagous to one equally strange, which, in romance, has just been brought' before the reading public. Hester Dethride, a character in Wilkie Collins's new novel; " Man and Wife," lived, accord ihgtothe story, lor years under a self imposed silence-a sort of pertance she made herself perform for a fearlul crime. THE result ef the census in three ohief towns of England shows that Glasgow has once more regained its position of. being in point of population the second city in the kingdom. Liverpool, with its suburbs, has a population of 488,000; Manchester, including the townofSal fovd, 533,000; ' Birmingham, 347,000; Glusgow, and its suburbs, 500,000. 4,000,000 COPIES of. the Bible, whole or in part, were distributed among the German armies during the late war. JOSH BILLINGS remarks that " sekrets are darned poor property ennyhow} if yu eirkilate them yu lose them, and if yu keep them yu lose the interest on the investment;1'and says, "Don't under take tew live with your mother-in-law, but if wus comes to wusnes, then letyure mother-in-law live with yu." OK the island of Borneo there has been found a ccrtain race of wild creatures, of whiol} kindred varieties have been diapov ered in the Philippine, islands, in Terra ,del Fuego, and in South America. They walk, usually, almost erect on two legs, and in that attitude measure about four feet in height. They construct no habi tation, form no families, scarcely asso ciate together, bleep jn o.aves or trees, feed on snakes and vermin, ants' eggs» on mice, and on each other. They cannot bo tamed or forced to any labor, and* are hunted and shot among the trees like the great gorilla, of which they nro a stunted copy. When they are captured alive, one finds with surprise that their uncouth jabbering sounds like articulate lan guage. They turn up their human faces to gaze at their captor, and females show instincts of modesty. 