DUBBO. 8th August. Tho past week BOB boen unusually prolific in news, to my 1 comfort. Previous weeks hare been as stale as ditch wator in my Une, but thank somebody something has at last turned up. Firstly-tho Pastoral interest has nothing to bo proud of, though tho London wool rnarkots aro encouraging. Sinco March a great many diseases havo Bulleted cattlo, horses, and sheep, the inst disenso being tho lung and intestino affair so ably described and illustrated in Town and Country. Hap pily, as milder and drier weather is approaching, stock is fast improving. In tho district of Dubbo working bullocks and horses havo for some time had a starvation appearance, but thoy are recovering. The grass was inferior ; but by perpe tual complalnirg, many who know not what tho squattor has in reality to conicnd against and provide for would, perhaps, attributo his anxiety to motives of which ho is utterly inca pable of entertaining. Somo will s.v. "Oh, Iho squatter wants tho public domain for nothing, or Tint door to it." Ho wants nothing of tho kind. Ho is moro anxious than many othor classoä of tho community that tho land should bo freehold at so much per acre, and if sold at a low figuro tho Government could hold its own by a royalty. Hut thoro are bettor heads than mino to deal with tho lands of tho colony, and I morely montlon this to disabuse tho minds of many that squatters want tho lease of tho land for nil. Perhaps it.cannot bc avoided that some squatters aro too fond of supcrspeculation, and embarrass themselves with banks and merchants. Tho man who successfully manages to a proílt 15,000 sheep may lind himself in Lob's Pound |if ho assumo to deal with 35,000. Grass, to tho north-west of Dubbo, is between three «nd foi r feet high-too high and luxuriant to bo nutritions. Further north it is cut down, and a sortof grass-cum-kay-stacks are built ; very good for stock horses during a drought, but othorwiso of littlo value. A groat drawbaok to tho Dubbo di « trict-take a radius of Ave miles-is tho Bathurst burr. Why Bathurst should havo received tho credit cf this nuisanco is a question for tho Bathurst mu ii cipal council to consldor and docldo. But tho burr, whether introducod by somo kind friend in Bathurst, or introduced by some philanthropist from Catalonia, is immaterial-it is an intolerable nuisanco here, and militates ngainst tho progressive interest nf tho town. In tho onclosure of our School of Arts there is a crop, par excellence, which yon would think tho proprietory were cultivating fer special show at the forthcoming exhibition. Our bush streets aro full of thom, and also mest of tho half-attondcd paddocks. This is so well known to thoso who travol with sheep that they evade Dubbo, and our convenient bridga by a circuit of fifty or sixty miles rather than como near us. And "what for no." under tho circumstances? Stock to the north-west, about 100 milos, and further, are in splendid condition, but that condition is soon depreciated when thoy como among tho luxuriant burrs mid stinted grass. Shearing will soon bo in full force. Click, click, click—the prosaic music of the shears, instead of the pootic music of the spheres, will gladden an army of travelling bushmen, and either nourish a fond hope of fair remuneration by the squatter, or a restless anxiety that all his efforts have been frustrated by an unforeseen change for the worse in the wool market. Agricultural prospects wero rather gloomy until a fortnight ago, when we wero favoured with the first rain. Though heavy it was not sufficient to bring up tho whole of tho grain ; a largs per coulage had to bo re-sown. Tho rain of Sunday last, with tho thunder shower in the evening, have inspired hopes of nu oxcellcnt crop this season. There is not such a very lavgo area of land under cultivation ; many paddocks aro idle. Tho excessivo moisture last season, rust, and tho appearance of drought this season disc uraged many farmers from sowing moro extensively. Expcrionccd farmors prefer a moderately wet season for spring cereals. Tho crops now in aro oats, barley, wheat, ryo, and Income ; and farmors aro now planting potatoes and preparing for maize. Potatoes are sown in this district at all soasóos, and wo got crops of potatoes in proportion to moisture Tho season most unfavourable to tho growth of whoat is tho moro favourable to the growth of corn (maize) and potatoes. I know ono person who, after getting three tons of liny per acre, struck out drills in tho samo paddock, sowed maizo with a viow to get green stuff for cattle, and gathered as good a crop of mnizo as was ever grown this summer, with scarcely any labour, not oven tilled, nor were the spaces between tho drills broken up. Somo of tho cobs wero a foot long. Gold mining is confined to tho Gulgong district. "Wo havo given it up in Dubbo. AVo got gold, but lt is too lino and too much scattered to bo payable The truth is, wo have not yet in this quartor come upon a Black Lead. It would bo of lit'.lo consequence to us whether tho lead bo black, blue, yellow, or mauve, so long as wo carno upon Mr. Black Lead's sister. All our mon havo gone to Gulgong and loft us wondering. What next? Think to what a stato of mind wo must havo como, when it behoved somo cf our townspeople to adopt tho trick of raising up a ghost to fight either for or against it. We had exhausted ourselves by talking about this man's speech and tho other's: but Parliament "shut up." That prorogation, however, did not shut up, nor button tho lips of our most earnest and eminent politicians. (I speak locally.) Tho grand subject of voluntary incorporation wa« mooted, and it spread Uko wild Aro. Petition for a P.M. on the brain soon gavo placo lo municipality for Dubbo, ditto. Those who had houses on low land, whoso parlours might becomo cellars by that comical engineering system of alignment-aro opposed to thoso who want to improve tho town and the approaches thereto-by petitioning for incorporation. The advocates for incorporation havo houses of their own, both on high and low land, and they havo considerable pluck, besides tho best of the argument against those in tho hollow or on slopes, whoso property never mind. Incorporation, at tho present time, would enhance tho valuo of property 10 per cent, in this town Wo want a district incorporation of nine square miles, and tho bridge handed over to us. Wo aro ripe for incorporation, and can lind not only nine councillors for nine wards, but nine gentlemen who would soon elect among themselves tho first mayor. And it would bo wisor for us to accept incorporation voluntarily, than havo it forced upon us com pulsorily, and this must come sooner or later. Reasoning against tho propriety of Dubbo (and district) being in corporated, you may possibly hear some greenhorn-who cannot soo an inch beyond his nose-exclaim, " "What Eng lishman likes to bo taxed ?" Thc discussions aro becoming so important Hint, for tho sake of poaco and ordor, a public meeting on thc subject must bc again convened. Tho appointment of Mr. James Samuels, junr., of Dnbbo, to the commission of tho peace ha? given much satisfaction to all who know him. Helms frequently declined this honour. Combining squatting with agricultural pursuit?, he has boen tho architect of lils own fortuno. He is diffident, circumspect, reliable, and unostentatious ; yet ho is ono of tho foremost to advance tho interests of this town and district ¡ tho pcoplo of which all know bim, and not ono, whether rich or peor, can call him his enemy. Ho is tho gentleman who wrote that "exhaustive paper" on " Water Supply to tho Interior," which you published in tho Town nnd Country Journal. Ho has written on many otber subjects. Conscientiousness is thc stamp of lils character, and ho will provo himself to be a just and an independent magistrate. Ho was sworn in by tho judge yesterday. Tho District Court was oponod on Friday, '1th inst, beforo his honor Mr. Judge Josephson. Tho barristers present wero-Messrs. It. M. Isaacs mid Docker. Tho nttornoys Messrs. A. B. Neilson, G. Taylor, Ii. A. Taylor, and Mr. Davidson, of Mudgeo. The Court of Quarter Sessions was opened on Saturday, 5th inst, when Mr. Isaacs tendered his commission to his honor as Crown prosecutor - None of the prisoners were defended except C. Beauvais, late of tho Pino Ridge Hotel, who surrendred to his bail, and pleaded not guilty to having received and passed, on the 19th January last, a cheque, drawn by Mr Ryrie, on the Commercial Bank, Dubbo, for £5, well knowing the same to havo been stolen. He was defended by Mr. Docker, in- structed by Mr. G. Taylor. Mr. Isaacs prosecuted for the Crown. The trial lasted from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., when the jury retired. At 12 o'clock they were called into court. The foreman said there was no possibility of their agreeing. The Judge said he had no alternative but to cause them to be locked up in tho jury-room for the night. He would attend at 9 next morning (Tuesday), but would attend at any time before that hour if they could agree. A drink of water and fire were asked for and reluctantly refused. Two forms and candles were allowed, and overcoats, the pockets of which were previously examined by the police. [In passing, I may state that the Dubbo jury-room is a stone cell. Tho walls are damp, and so are the flooring boards. Unoccupied for other purposes, it is a dreadful hole to be immured in these cold, frosty nights. I may add, also, that the suffering panel is composed of twelve men who, as jurors, would be a credit to any town in the colony for good sense and practical know- ledge.] At 9 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning the jury were called in. The foreman said they could not agree, and he was sure they could not agree if kept together for a month. The Judge then discharged them, and the accused was liberated on his former bail. The court then adjourned sine die, and sat in a civil capacity to hear three cases of appeal against a deci- sion given by tho Canonbar bench under the 16 Vic., No. 44 (Native Dog Act). The cases are of much importance to the pastoral interest ; but no decision was come to, and a post- ponement took place until next sittings of the court.-The Judge goes hence to Wellington, Orange, Forbes, and Mudgee. 