TOWN TALK. It ■will be seen by our parliamentary report, which , repeats information that reached us by telegraph earlier in the evening, that his Excellency has sent for Mr Duffy, and that the Ministry, who have resigned, only hold office pending the appointment of their successors. We believe that at present Mr Duffy has done nothing more than inform his Excellency that he will consult some of the leading members of the House. Mr Casey has been mentioned as one of the new Ministry, hut it is understood it is doubtful whether he will accept office. i The fall of the Ministry formed the [ leading and almost the sole topic of con versation yesterday. Go where one would the question .was—" Who do you think will be sent for ? Who is the coming man ?" and said a wag among a crowd of politicians, " Will he drink wine ?" The conduct of our local members was also very freely discussed. Mr Cunningham, it was said, did not go up to the House on Tuesday, because he did not expect a division would be taken. Everybody ex pected that Mr Berry and Mr Garratt would vote as they did ; but a great many were surprised at Mr Johnstone voting with the Ministry after the speech he made at the Prince of Wales on Saturday, when he led his hearers to believe he would vote against the property tax. In another column will be found a letter from the Hamilton Borough Council, urging upon the Corporation the necessity of supporting the council in getting the pink line of railway—that from Ballarat to Hamilton, via Ararat—made first. As an incentive, the writer says the blue line, that starting from the Iacigh Road, will be strongly supported in Parliament, and, as is well-known, this line will neither suit -Hamilton or Geelong. Then a little soft soap is added by saying that the making of the "pink" line will render Geelong the " seaport and commercial metropolis of the Western District and part of South Aus tralia." It is to be'presumed that what Hamilton chiefly wants is direct communi cation with the seaboard. This being the case one would naturally ask " Would it not he better for the borough council to co-operate with Geelong in getting the " black" line made first?" If the Hamil ton Council are sincere in their wish to make this the "seaport and metropolis, etc.," why do they want to send round by Ararat and Ballarat, when the " black" line passiug through a richer country would give them direct communication with the seaboard ? By all means let the two local bodies co-operate against the " blue"-line, and in favour of the " black" line; get the latter made, and the " pink" line must follow. Indeed, if the Fairlie system is introduced, both lines might be made at once, but the " black" line first, it being recommended by the parliamentary committee of the greatest importance, not only to Hamilton and Geelong, but to the colony at large. The overdraft committee of the Geelong Fire Brigade held a meeting on Wednes day, to consider what steps should be taken to extricate the brigade from ■ its present financial difficulties. Certain propositions were made, which will be laid before the general meeting of the brigade, to be held this evening. As the business will be of great importance it is expected there will be a full attendance of members. . We learn that the gross receipts of the Geelong Permanent Investment and Bene fit Building Society for the month ending the 12th instant, amounted to £1200 5s 9d, of which sum £356 0s 2d was iu repayment ot loans, £214 received on fixed deposit, and the remaining sum of £630 5s 7d repre sents the ordinary monthly payment from members, and during the same period 60 new shares have been issued. The society could readily accommodate a greater num ber of borrowers if suitable security were oflered. On Tuesday, the day on which the re mains of the late Mr James Stirling, of Winchelsca, were to.be removed to their last resting place, the weather was singu larly iu accordance with the sad duty that was to be performed, and in which but few persons in and about the township failed to participate. The sun rose smilingly, but as the day advanced the sky was overcast, and towards the middle of the day a heavy looking cloud overhung the township, and continued there until the corpse had reached the burial ground, when the rain began to descend, and the wind rose to a strong gale and continued all night. The township wore a very sad look, business being almost entirely suspended, and the flag at the "Barwon" being hoisted half-mast high kept the sorrowful event of the day con stantly in one's mind. Before the funeral cortege left the house the mourners assem bled in the room in which the corps lay, .and the Rev. II. B. Giles read a portion of scripture and oflered up a very impres sive prayer, the burden of which was that the Iobs which all had assembled to mourn might be, sanctified, particularly to the widow and family of the der ceased. The procession, which was about a quarter of a mile long, was headed by the members of the Winchelsca lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, of which Mr Stirling was an honorary member ; tUen came tne bouy, toiioweo. oy tue mate members of the family on foot; after which a large number of vehicles, followed by some horsemen. On arriving on the ground the Rev. H. B. Giles offered up a prayer for the family and friends, after which the'JT. G. of the local lodge of the I.O.O.F. read the prayer provided by the rules of the order, the service, being closed by the singing of a hymn. The deceased gentleman was one of the oldest residents on the township, and much respected by all who knew him.. The report of the inspector, recently sent down from the Central Board of Health, has been laid before the Town Council, and from it we make the following extracts:— The Central Board observe with much satisfaction the evident attention which the Local Board of Health have paid to the sanitary improvement of the towD." " With regard to the very important main drainage work lately carried out along the "Western Gully, to thoroughly complete this work, the lower end of the culvert should be extended, or an invert continued, about two chains further, so as to discharge the drainage at once into the Bay. As matters bow f>«( the drainage bag to flow aerog? tiw randy beach where it is intercepted by lint? of decaying sea weed, which* arrest much of the foul matter and causes accumulation giving rise to dangerous effluvia that might and ought to be prevented. The same bad defects, though perhaps not to the satm extent are produced by and the like remedy should be applied to, each of the other d rains which have their outlets on the beach." — The report also calls attention to minor nuisances which have been done away witli since the Inspector paid his visit. It is satisfactory to notice he has paid such atten tion to the drainage question, and it is to tie hoped that his remarks will have the desired effect, as the stench arising from the drain outlets is at times fearfully offen sive and calculated to breed malaria. A meeting of the insurance agents was held on Wednesday, for the purpose of considering what action should be taken with reference to the Fire Brigade, seeing that the Town Corporation had definitely , decided to accord them no pecuniary assistance. The anomalous position in which the agents are placed in having to •cousult their head offices in Melbourne before they can complete any negotiations with the Brigade, and the consequent diffi culty of arriving at any compromise or proper understanding with the members, was fully discussed. It was finally agreed that the agents should proceed to Mel bourne and represent the matter to their head offices, with the view of having the power of dealing with the brigade vested in their own hands. Some anxiety ib expressed aneut the case of Mr W. W. Brown, who was remanded until Saturday on a charge of embezzle ment. It is said that in the event of the charge falling to the ground, as it is ex pected it will do, be will institute an action for damages to recover £1000 from Mar riott, the draper, at Portland, who caused bis arrest. The adjourned meeting of the West-end Football Club takes place at the Crown Hotel, this evening. On Tuesday night and early on Wed nesday morning, we were visited with a violent storm of wind and rain from the west. It came on in gusts that fairly shook many a strong built residence, hilt did little damage. Fortunately it blew off the shore, or what with surf and wind we should, doubtless, have had some casualties to re port in the Bay. The only case of any interest, at the Central Police Court yesterday, was the prosecution of a civil servant, named Robert Burgess, by Messrs Mathews Bros.,, butchers. Prom the evidence of Mr Mathews, it appears that the defendant, although in receipt of a salary of £225 from the Government, has contrived to get himself over head and ears in debt with various tradesmen. Besides himself, he had only a daughter to maintain ; and he had run up a score of £9 12s Id for meat which he made no effort to reduce. Mr Burgess made a touching appeal . to the bench ; representing that he had been 13 years in the civil service, and the Govern ment had treated him very badly. He was at one time in receipt of £400 per year, but the Government had reduced it to £1S0. The money that was coming to him from month to month, was all mort gaged, as he had been living in advance of his income. The bench asked whether he could pay off the debt by instalments of £3 per month; and failing to obtain a satisfactory reply, read him a sensible lecture on economy, pointing out the fact, that his household expenses could easity he reduced within £180 per annum; and ordered that £3 should be paid monthly into court, failing, which he would receive 14 days imprisonment. The Mayor and Mr Brown were on the bench.. Parents calling at the Industrial School to see their children arc frequently in the habit of carrying with them a supply of indigestible delicacies in the shape of stale pastry and cheap fruit, and evidently take pleasure in seeing their offsprings cram ming themselves—"a discretion"—perhaps just after having enjoyed an excellent dinner provided at the school. A thick slack-baked pasty, of home manufacture, is a common, but ill-judged present to a weakly child. Only tbe other day one of these indigestible luxuries was impounded, and consigned to the fire before the child was made ill by eating it. A deli cate little boy of some five or six years, now lies in a dangerous condition with uyscntry wmcn attaciteu mm last wceic directly after a " feed" of some oranges brought by his parents at their periodical visit. In consequence of this and other cases Dr. Mackin has given instructions that visitors who will persist in bringing such things with them, must hand them over to the matron. When it is considered that the food provided at the schools is of best quality, and amply sufficient in quan'ity, and that through the liberality of those who can afford it, cases of ripe fruit, of lollies, and even of toys, are frequently given for general distribution, there evidently can be no necessity what ever for parents or relatives to carry articles of food with them. As an addi tional proof that their comfort is attended to, it may be added that in sickness or health no restriction (within reason) is placed on Dr. Mackin in the administration of medical comforts. It has been determined that a gun com petition will take place in the course of a few weeks in connection with the Geelong Volunteer Brigade, and the sum of £10 is to be distributed in prizes. A buoy will be erected in the bay about* 2000 yards distant from the beach battery, and the" skill and courage of the gunners belonging to the different detachments vtill be severely tested. On Wednesday the fol lowing competitors had their names en rolled for the match:—Sergeant Warner's detachment: ^Gunners Warner, Fielder, Hyde, Paterson; Turner, Sharp, Farmer, Bobinson, Colenso, Kuffin, Greed, SI'An drew, and Jennings, sen Sergeant Kings bury's detachment:—Corporal Davies, Gunners Stanisby, Hall, J. Martin, Heath, Ilomewood, Outerside, Taylor, J. J. Mar tin, M'Bride, Bennett, Nott, and Milnes. Gunner llose's detachment:—Gunners Mit chell, W. Uackett, T. Hackett, Grave, Ho garth, Mason, Fraser, Sheppard, Marsham," Treacey, Seeley, Landy, and Harvey. It was decided to convene a meeting of the competitors for Wednesday to arrange as to the mode of distributing the prize money. A tine new residence is now in process of construction for Mr Joseph Kerley, a'well known citizen. It is situated in Cavendish street, only a short distance from the beach, and promises to be an ornament to the neighbourhood. So far as it is yet com pleted, the structure is as handsome in ap pearance as it is substantial, The walls are of brick variegated in colour, resting on a massive blue stone foundation. The corners, windows, and doors are pointed and ornamented with white brick, obtained from Melbourne. The rest of the bricks —red and blue—have been made in Gce long, and the difference in the colour arises from the kind of clay used in their com position, and not from any artificial aid. The roof is covered with slates, verv taste fully laid and with a due regard to contrast both in colour and shape. Every care has been taken to ensure comfort, and to prevent an inconvenience arising from damp or other causes. The earth has been dug out to a depth of three feet below the flooring joists. The architect is Mr Pitman, and we understand that Messrs Peneluna and Co. are the contractors. A public meeting has been held at Dwyer's Hotel, Ondit, for the purpose of inquiring into the meaning of the property tax. But few were present, it not being much k'bown. Mr E; Coulston was voted to the chair, and'read the advertisement calling the meeting, also stating that it was quite unjust to tax' the new settlers, who were struggling hard to make the necessary impovements; and as soon as the least im provement was made, rates were demanded It was moved and carried that the meeting disapproved of the new tax, and disap proved that the Government, instead of curtailing their expenditure, were increasing it. It was also moved and carried that a petition be taken round for signature, pro testing against the tax. It was further moyed and carried that the meeting be hdjsHtned until fh? 17A instant, and tJwt a letter be sent to the President of the Coin .: Sllire, to know what steps were be ing taken in Colac. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proeeedings. Wo hear ol' raids being made among the goat.-, but what about the cows that are altov.-ed to infest the streets of the town and make the pathways almost* impassable with filth and dirt ? The residents on the Eastern bench complain loudly about them. "Where the reserve at the foot of Belkrme-afreet. has been fenced in, the pathway has been rendered most filthy by ' cows that seek the protection of the fence at night time; and on a Sunday morning it is nothing unusual to see the beasts wandering nil about tbe place. The attention of our two inspectors is called to the matter. Sergeant Cripps, of the 1st Geelong Volunteers, has, in a praiseworthy manner, determined that some of tbe public schools of the town will realise the benefit of his assistance as a drill instructor. On Wed nesday afternoon he was engaged for a considerable time imparting military in structions to the children of Mr Spring's school. The police-station reserve was used as a drill ground, and the juvenile volunteers, nrmcd with wooden swords, went through their evolutions very credit ably. The example of their officer might be adopted by some of the more experienced members of our volunteer corps with ad vantage to themselves and the pupils of our public schools. How to raise funds for the Fire Brigade, was a question that occupied no little attention on Wednesday. Mr Bayless offered that Mrs Gladstane should give a benefit, but his terms were considered too high. He offered to play for two nights, and give them all that was taken beyond £120. The Mayor, however, has taken a great interest in the matter, and there is no doubt the money will be raised without encroaching upon the Corporation funds. The Ethiopian Troupe will give one of their amusing entertainments, the members of the Town Council will probably give readings and recitations, and a private col lection will be made. There is, however, one question that nas arisen in cue contro versy—"What do the insurance companies mean to do after the water has been laid on? Do they intend to continue their subsidy, or any portion of it; if not, who are to handle the fireplugs, &c.;, in case of fire ? It is proposed a deputation from the brigade and Town Council should wait upon the agents in Melbourne, and obtain a satisfactory reply to this question before any step is taken towards raising money for the brigade. It is intended to carry out certain neces sary improvements at the Beach- battery, and tenders are called for levelling the ground, and otherwise placing the site in suitable repair. Some farmers, it is believed, have been in the habit of defrauding the lessee of the baymarket of his dues by selling their hay and getting it weighed at the wharf. Mr Opie pays a high price for the lease of the market, and it is determined, if possible, to put a stop to this practice; we would, therefore, remind those who transgress in the manner alluded to that they render themselves liable to a penally of £5. Seeing that the Corporation has been expending a large amount of money lately in improving the streets of the town, and that tile footpaths east of Moorabool-strcct have hail a considerable amount of atten tion in the substantial shape of gravel or hluestonc flags a suggestion in reference to the requirements of Mercer-strcct may not he out of place. Mercer-street, besides being admittedly the principal entrance to the town from the westward, possesses a large amount of traffic in summer, which would, no doubt, continue to the advantage of the residents, and especially the centre of the town, during the winter, if the foot paths were made a little more comfortable. Several new buildings have reccutty been trected in this neighbourhood, and on Sunday evenings the street is thronged with hundreds of persons. Since the late rains the footpaths on both sides have been rendered so uncomfortable that, during the day, the chaunels—anil, at night, the street —are almost invariably preferred by pedes trians. The inhabitants of Ashby have claims on the consideration of the Town Council which cannot be ignored, seeing that they have traversed their muddy foot paths so long in silence, and in justice to them a few Hags laid along the centre of the paths lu Mercer-street would be a good improvement to begin with. If those of our councillors who are tradesmen them selves would take pains to inquire why business is inevitably so dull in winter, and more especially during bad weather, they would discover how much bad roads alf'ectcd the profits as well as income of ail classes of tradesmen, and prevented the. more cen tral streets being so well patronised occa sionally as they ought. A week or two hack we warned house keepers against employing an itinerant watchmaker, who to one lady sold a brass clock made out of a tin paunikin Since that he paid a visit to a shoemaker, whose clock spring was broken. He took the clock away, but has been u long time repairing it, as neither he nor the clock have been seen since; and the shoemaker sadly wishes to know the time of day. ' A return showing the amount of duty paid by the Gcelong woollen companies on the importation of machinery and dyes was laid before the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening. It shows, says the Argus, that the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company had paid £778 6s on machinery, £52 19s on dyes, and £54 7s 6d on woodenware, brushwtire, and other articles—total, £885 12s 6d; and that the Albion Mills had paid £624 18s on machinery, £30 9s on dyes, and £48 93 Cd on woodenware, brushware,jmd other articles—total,- £703 16s 6d. An additional return showed the Albion Mills to have paid £44 8s 3d wharfage duty, an amount omitted from the return respecting the Victorian Company. The Argus says:—Among the petitions against the proposed , property tax which were presented on Tuesday eveniDg were two which excited unusual interest, because they were presented by the Chief Secretaiy himself; and came from his own consti tuents. One was from the chairman of a meeting at Cranbonrne, but it was compa ratively common-place. The other, how ever, came from certain ratepayers in the shire of ilerwick, and its prayer was contained in the following resolutions, passed at a public meeting, of which Mr T. Henty was chairman :—il That, in the opinion of this meeting, the pro posed proporty tax would be unjust and partial, falling chiefly on one class of the community only.. That, in the opinion of this meeting, the object of the proposed tax might be attained by a judicious re trenchment in the public service, and the imposition of duties on some or all of the following, viz, a duty upon all live stock crossing the Murray river or otherwise entering the colony by sea or land, an increased duty on wines, spirits, and tobacco, a tax on all incomes derived from the colony by absentees, a stamp duty, anil a double duty on imported grain, bacon, butter, and cheese. That a petition bo prepared and presented to Parliament) embodying.tbe foregoing resolutions." The following resolution has been carried at a public meeting at Learmonth:—"That this meeting views with extreme dissatis faction the proposed imposition of the property tax, as, in its opinion, it would bear oppressively upon the industrious por tion of the community."' The Age deems incorrect the statement that Judge Rogers would be promoted to the County Court on Judge Pohlman be coming for a time a Supreme Court Judge by reason of the Chief Justice's absence on leave. There are senior judges to Judge Rogers, but it i? .exceedingly probable that neither'of them will be Judge Pohl man's locum tenens. A leading equity barrister is spoken of as the coming man. Mr Bunny, we (Gr.A ) may add. The easterly wind that prevailed on Monday and Tuesday had a disastrous effect on the prospects of the wharf fisher men. It drove all trevalla away into deep water, and yesterday not a fisherman was to ba seen where a few days ago hundreds fopm! pleasure apd profit, a *ar?c meting held at Mr Cell's worn, llaJJarflt, on Tuesday night, for !be rtf rf»nr«T«m!sln?T tlir* Tiihprnl ««»•**» ^rncse of reorganising the Liberal party, ij,e following was decided upon as the of future operations:—1st. A lice— cbiuH be t0 ProiUote al]d extend actual l-demeni- dud. Protection to native in t'aitry. 3rt'- The cessation of the expen diture of a" moneys by the State for immi r^tion purposes* 4th. A scheme of Question, free, common to all, and com ,-cher.iifc. 6th. A liberal and compre ssive mining code. Cth. An equalisation of taxation, so as to include property of £Tfry kind. It was also resolved that the e of the association be the Ilallarat jjkral Association. The Courier says .-— Ine following officers were elected, viz.— Mr 11. Pell, president; Messrs Light and IVheder, S. Trend, Hall, Mason, Walker, Jkv, Lsidlaw, Laker, and Stalker, a coni -iftte of management. jlrs Giaastaue reappeared last evening k'tbe character of Elizabeth, Queen of far'snJ, and has not been seen to better ,dtaatage during her visit to this town. Jlsav «er<-» there who had seen her at her jr;t "impersonation, and it was generally sdmitted that good as that was, it was not Kual to her Elizabeth of last evening. 5'jie character is one that becomes her. To tasct such a part, one must look a queen, lute a commanding voice, and possess ntst talent to ponrtray the various pas rousto which a proud imperious woman 1= s riciias. Mrs Vladstane dresses regally Wil with great taste, sue Has a good ugureaud 3 beautiful voice, aud as for her talent as a tragedienne it has never been disputed but jjiravs admired. The cast was the same a on the previous oecasion, and each and {T£iy one, did their very best, but plsving up to such an actress as j!rs Gladstane is no joke, and to look and play well when alongside of let is a task ot' no little difficulty to any lata "star." The whole concluded with a amusing farce entitled " A Ghost in Spite of Himself." This evening " Frou Frou" is to be repeated, a general wish Faring been expressed to see this piece played again. To-morrow Mrs Gladstone will take a benefit when, doubtless, she sill be greeted by a crowded house. On •ach an occasion the dress circle ought to he well patronised by those who admire talent aud the legitimate drama. The weather at Ondit is fine for farmers and graziers. Thousands of acres of land lave been ploughed. All the growing crops are nicely showing above ground, and there are prospects of better times, with money more plentiful. A commanding-officer's parade of the 1st Geclong Volunteers was held on Wednes day evening. Considering the weather there was a good attendance. Lieutenant Jlorkham was in command, and the exer cises consisted of G8 and 32-pounder gun drill. On Wednesday next it was an nounced that a battalion parade would take place, at which it is hoped there will he a numerous muster. The cry has been for police again at Ondit. On the 12tli some of the contractors having paid off their men, the people of the town ship again witnessed disgusting scenes of diuuken revel. Hut a short time back the schoolmaster and schoolmistress were frightened in the dead of night hy hearing all kinds of missiles being thrown on the rcof of their house, and night was made hideous by the fearful howls and screams proceeding from some men. Were it not that the township people are fully resolved to protect one another, tbey would be frightened to look out of doors, for there is only one constable. i'he Geelong Sea Bathing Company announce that a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum for the last half-year is now due and payable. At Huntly, near Sandhurst, the following resolutions have been carried against the property-tax:—"That this meeting pro tests against the introduction of such a tax upon property as that proposed by the present Government, inasmuch as it is un just and partial in its application—pressing unduly upon the generality of farmers and Storekeepers, and leaving the owners of large areas of uncultivated and unim proved land, besides wealthy banking institutions and insurance companies, to escape from their fair share of taxation." " That this meeting cordially approves of the action of the Hon. J. J. Casey, M.P., in opposing the financial measures of the Government ; and return him its special thanks for his opposition to the unfair and unjust attempt to tax the industry of the country under the specious designation of a' property-tax.1" The Ararat Advertiser says:—A farmer residing in the neighbourhood of Great AVestern, whose wife was sent to the Lunatic Asylum about two months ago, has committed suicide by first tying his hands and his feet, and then throwing him self into the creek. The body has been recovered, and awaits the coroner's inquest. Another attempt Las been made to upset or injure the contractor's train on the Tasmanian railway, Deloraine. The trucks nearly came on two large stones and a piece of wood laid on the rails in Clarke's cutting. The obstacle was seen just in time to enable the train to be pulled up, so as to prevent the occurrence of an accident. The Melbourne correspondent of the 1L A. Mail has learned " that Mr C. A. Emyth will return to his duties as Crown Prosecutor for this and the Sandhurst dis trict. jThe announcement is one which will give satisfaction to the many friends Mr Smyth has on this circuit." The committee of the Chamber of Com merce have memorialised the Legislative Assembly as follows:—" That your peti tioners have learned that certain banking comnanies have adopted the practice of receiving produce for sale on commission in London. That such a practice is alto gether opposed to the well recognised rules of banking, and contrary to the spirit and intention of all charters granted by the Legislature either of the colonies, or by the Imperial Parliament. That while Euch a practice is an unwarrantable in terference with the province of merchants, it cannot but be fraught with danger to the banking institutions themselves. Your petitioners therefore pray that in dealing with the bill now before your honourable Mouse for amending the act of incorpora tion of tbe Lank of Xew South Wales, or with any general bill which may be intro duced into your honourable House relating to banks or banking in the colony of Vic toria, provision may be made for prohibit ing by specific enactment any such banking company from travelling outside its legi timate business, by undertaking the sale of produce on commission, or other business of a purely mercantile character." The Portland Guardian observes that the property tax of the Government has been weighed in the scale of public opinion and found wanting. On Friday two meetings convened by the President of the shire of Portland, and the Mayor of the borough, pronounced most emphatically against the measure. J be Newtown and Chiiwell Borough Council have called for fresh tenders for the re-erection of the Queen's Bridge. The time for the commencement of the work is extended till after winter. The Ararat Advertiser gives a rumour that Mr Itae, the ex-Steward of the Luna tic Asylum, being dissatisfied with the-pro ceedings of the Board of Enquiry, purposes entering an action against the Government for a wrongful dismissal, and another against the Pleasant Creek News for libel. On Satnrday afternoon last, says the Mercury, whilst Mr Roberts's nursemaid was airing two babies in a perambulator under the shady wattles of Cornelian Bay, and while rke, native like, stared about gum gathering, one of the children •play telly turned the axle of the little Vehicle, and away down the hill the tiny carriage Epcd at railway pace. Just before it reached the Steep hank which keeps back the sea, the breathless babies threw up fheir armB. No cry was heard, as over went the fair haired pair into the deep. It providentially happened that Mrs w, fi. of Clarence Plains, was passing at tbe time, and, looking oyer the brink for an instant, threw oil her hat and mantie, and dropped down over the rocks to the rescue. In an instant the cider child was carried up the slope, but it was not till the screaming of the nursegirl told of a second lost one that the baby was discovered lying deep under tbe water, end apparently lifeless. Down again darted our heroine, and both ivere saved. It has been brought under our notice that a slight inaccuracy occurred in our report of the proceedings of the Town Council, on a question of a grant-in-aid to the Fire Brigade, so far as regards the debt of that body in 1870. The Mayor stated, by the balance-sheet to August, 1SG9, there was a credit balance of £55 Os 4d. In February, 1S70, there was a bank overdraft against the brigade of £48 lis Od, which in August, 1870, had increased to £99 Ss Gd ; but that during the last half-year mentioned the amount received by the Brigade from the insurance companies was only £75 Ss Id, whereas, had the usual subsidy lor the half-year—not year, as stated in the report —been fully paid the debt would not then have exceeded the previous amount of £48. The present indebtedness of the brigade of £300, it might he stated, lias in no way been questioned, and is easily accounted for by current expenses caused by fires, and the non-receipt of the allowance from the insurance companies for 1871. The Railway department has invited tenders for labour in taking down and re placing the present fence at various places, on the Geelong and Melbourne line. The Launceston Examiner gives a (ale of a spaniel dog belonging to a resident of Evandale, which was by some means hurled down one of the deep shafts sunk in Cam bock in the vicinity of the township, and which incident occurred about four weeks ago. At a depth of about CO feet from the top the shaft contains a large quantity of water, but near the surface of the water a small ledge projects, upon which the dog after his descent managed to lodge. His owner hearing of the occurrence concluded that his favourite spaniel was drowned; strange however, to relate, the dog was yesterday extricated from its perilous position after being three weeks and five days down the shaft without the least sustenance excepting water. Of course the condition of the animal was by no znean3 improved by his sojourn below. The President of the Public Library has fonvarded to us the report of the trustees of the Public Library, Museum, and National Gallery for the year 1870-1. An attempt is being made in Melbourne to establish a Jewish paper, to be called the Australian Israelite. Should the promises of the prospectus be carried out, subscribers will have no reason to complain. The Jews ought to be able to support such a paper as is promised. The Communist papers would not appear to be so rabid as some of those whose cause they endeavour to support. "La Com mune " alluding to the proposal to destroy the column in Place Arendomc, boldly attacks such a piece of vandalism, and makes some good remarks, from which we translate the following :—"It is unjust in this sense. The monuments ot a capital belong to the entire country, and the one under notice, of all others, as it is a homage to our armies. One must then learu the opinion of the country about the measure, and ns it is certain this opinion will be unfavourable, it shows that the proposal is impolitic. Let the men at the Hotel de Yillc remember that it is not by great. crimes a Government falls, but by little faults Do you imagine that in suppressing the Column Vendome you do away with the Napoleonic renowu ? Get along with you ! You resuscitate it, and will awaken remembrances and regrets. What a singular mania ' the powers that be' must have if they think they destroy an idea by demolishing its exterior lorm.l For twenty years we have fought against the changes Napoleon made in the town under the name of embellish ments. Are you going to follow his '• transformation" example ? . . . . Your decree would apply equally well to L'Arc de Triomphe. If the Versailiists leave it standing, you must knock it down. After that you will have to issue a decree something like the following—' Considering that the Louvres and the Tuileries are monuments of barbarism, having sheltered tyrants, they are therefore a perpetual insult to the sovereignty of the people, &c.;, &c.;" ' The Louvre and the Tuileries must be demolished.' Next day it will be an other thing—* Considering that the cathe dral of Paris is a monument of superstition, &c.;, Notre Dame of Paris will be demol ished.' And one after another all the monuments, which, after all, are but sou venirs, will disappear from Parisian soil. Touching monuments is more serious than touching men. You create enmity, and get rid of no enemy. .... Do not imi tate children who think of revenging them selves on a wall—the wall is inuocent. Men of the Commune! you have, I repeat, much more important duties to accom plish." 1 here appear to be some nice people at Ararat. ]0o not let that locality be for gotten when missionaries are to be sent to the heathen. What can be more shocking or disgraceful than this from the Adver tiser :—11 A very melancholy accident occurred early on Saturday morning to a young man named limotby Crough, in the employ of Mr Gordon, contractor, Ararat. He left Mr Gordon's house about one o'clock a.m., in company with a man named Thomas Cullen. G'nllen went first, lead ing a horse, and Crough followed him in a few minutes, riding. The former, when he had gone about fonr hundred yards, heard the horse coming along the road after him; but after gomg a little .further he lost the sound of the horse, and turned back to see what was the matter, when he found the horse standing in the road, and Crough lying on the ground, about three feet from him, insensible. Having tied the horses up, lie examined the fallen man, and endeavoured to arouse him, but in vain. He then placed a parcel under his head, and tried to arouse some of the neighbours to get assistance; hut one was too sleepy, another too siek, and a third, thinking it was some drunken man who had fallen oif his horse, did not care to get up. Cullen then went hack to Mr Gordon's house, and knocked him up, aud between them they removed the unfortunate young man, and laid him on a bunk in an outhouse on Mr Gordon's premises. Cullen remained with him all night, and up to half-past nine o'clock on the following morning, when he left to go home. Crough continued in sensible all this time, and after Cullen left no one went to see him for two hours, and then he was louna to oe aying. jur. i Galbraith was then sent for in haste, and although .he went immediately, the young man had breathed his last 60me ] time before he had arrived. The reason assigned for not sending for a medical man before, was that they thought the young man, who had had no sleep for the two nights previous, was merely sleeping heavily, and tliey were waiting for him to awake, thinking that he would then be all right. A post mortem examination made by Dr. Galbraith disclosed the cause of death to have been concussion of the brain; there wis an effusion of blood under the scalp, and an effusion of blood on the brain, the middle lobe of which was lacerated at the base. The jury, at the inquest, found a verdict of accidental death, but appended a rider censuring Mr Gordon and Thomas Cullen for not having sent for a medical man before. The following appears in the Albury Banner:—"Sir,—I notice in yonr issue of the 27th ult., a letter signed " AVil liam liidley." Now, I would like to know if this Mr Ridley is a relative of that very mythical party, Old Bob Ridley, for his ideas about thistles and things in general appear to my mind very mythical indeed. His letter shows that he is not a reading man, or lie would not have wasted his own time and yours in the com position of a letter about thistles. However, he may possibly be anxious about the spread of' Scotchmen,' and I would there fore advise him to read Mr Macknight's letter ia tfeeAwWaslaa §9, ^4 also the appended letter from Maeknigbt'a friend, a gentleman who some years ago was perfectly mad about tlie spread of .thistles in Victoria and wanted a law to enforce the catting and burning of them, &e;, but that great teacher, experience, has taught him to regard the thistle as the forerumicr of fortune both to the farmer and the squatter. In New Zealand some years ago the general Government appointed a commission* to enquire and report what was the best thing to do in re thistles and their spread, and from the evidence col lected in the three islands they came to the conclusion that it was better to let thistles alone, t.s they found that the thistles died out in three years, leaving the soil in a far superior state for the fanner than it ever was before. ' If you cut a thistle down you may increase its growth.1 So said a writer years ago, and anyone can prove this to his own satisfaction by cutting down a thistle bed say in December, and he will find in le»s than three months there will be a new crop growiug up from the old roots left in the ground, and that they flower and seed in due course. It would take too mueli of your space to write at length on the thistle and its benefits ; but I think, sir, that I have given Mr Ridley a few hints from which ho may learn more about the thistle and its benefits to the farmer and squatter than he ever dreamt of. In conclusion, sir, allow me to inform Mr llidley, that no matter what sort of reply be may in his wisdom (?) deem fit to make, I will not he induced to enter into a newspaper contro versy oil the so-called thistle nuisance, a subject, as the Yankees would say, which is completely ' used up, I reckon.—X. A.M'F. Tocumwal." We have- received a letter replying to that of " Economy," with respect to the Lethbridge post-office, but couched in such terms as forbid its insertion.- I 