A TRIP TO H£LL ESD MINES. (FROM AN OCCASIONAL COliRESrCffDENT.) I No. ± ! In this letter, I purpose to describo tho claims north of ; Pulleu'a engine, situated on the lied Hill, ut the back of the township ; hut before doing so, I wish zi make&t; few observations respecting the uncalled-for remarks, that lately appeared in the .loodl journals, and copied from them by the. Sydney papery announcing the* speculative spirit begiuniug i to take root in this place, and complaiuiag j that a great deal of ground was taken up for I merely speculative purposes. Kow, I have gone care fully over the claims and leases, and find noting of ! the kind. On every lease I visited, I sa.v the work being actively earned out, and if ihcie w^s, uny shepherdtug, or holding ou all, it w.ts in the block claims. It struck me very, forcibly during me week's residence ou this field, th&t; if the iuhabi&anU; were imbued with a little more sgoculative spirit and. e ne rgy, it would tend greatly to the development of tke pi&c-j;, as the inhabitants (1 mean of course the oldi ssLdci^ts), avo known to be a slow, ploddiug, sort of people, whu discourage auy idea of Cibig iush, and the pveseuc^ of speculators among them. 1 heard a BalLinit ^eatlo man say, if such a splendid country, with rush magnificent yields wa&.iii Victoria, tho township would have extended to Tambaroora, and the country within a radius of ten luiUs actively prospected. Slariing north from liawsihorne and Co.'s new machine, we cross a gully worked in the early days, and famed for its richness, we come to the lied Hill, across v. hich rune the Sargeant's £eef, worked in the earlier days and was ricb, hut from somo cause or another, aban doned for maoy years. Here numerous reefs crop out in every direction, plainly showing they only want binkir-g for to prove their value. jHcre the grouud is princip ally taken in small leases, and on every lease slLfts aro going down with a will, and as they believe iu a good depth being reached before opening out, 1 have great hopes something goodwill be struck ; the inhabitants look to this line of reef to firmly establish the place — as Hawkins's Hill being so welL established, and the ground do rich on the south, it is to the ncr:h Hue tho peoplejlook anxiously forward to enhance the future value of the place. 1 will just notice a fe^v of the claims as they occur to my memory, as I took no neks, leaving particulirs to tbe locil organs to supply. The Just-in-Time, United lteefcrs, are sinking some fine shafts, well and securely timbered, and all having an equal chance of success. 1 now arrive at the IVi-jcets Louise claim, and here I met the worthy manager, Mr. Corueille, to whose courtesy I am indebted lor much valuable information. Tile shaft here is a very good oue, aud beiug down to a goodiy depth, ere many months elapse, some ricb veins must be struck to gladden the hearbB of the Sydney shareholder. We next proceed to the Marquis of|Lorn, and iu honour of the name I descended the shaft and found a very fine leader being iu prooess of opening out, and un gold is seen in the stone, I anticipate good rcbults from the crushing. Were I the manager, I fchouLd not trouble to open the vein but go down, as on this ground several exceedingly rich veins have been worked tome years ago, which makes this a most valuable mine. The next claim is the Caledonian, whose chances ore very good, Not having time to visit Golden Gully, I retrace my steps to the township, tho mam btiLet of which is situated ou the slopes of a gully; being narrow and unmetalled, in wet weather it is a slough of dcbpond, while thejback street, iu which is situated the Public School, places of worahip, the banks, &c.;, is by far the best, being high and dry, and ought to have been the prinoipal business street ; but the business men don't take to it. The buildings, with a fc\v exceptions are built of weatherboard, slabs, aud bark whioh do not give the town an imposing appuurunce, but these premises were considered eulficieuL fm1 ftU purposes when they were built. A municipality would vastly improve the plaoe, and I hope sonic Uc.y to see it carried out. The best building is tliu Oiub House Hotel, about being opened by Mr. Coyle, whose lobg experience iu catering for the public at Sofala, assisted by Lis amiable wife, is a sufficient guarantee to all visitors, who will meet with as good accommodation wid. i attention as is to be found in any hotel outside cf j Sydney. The house is built of brick, with c tine h*1^ , cony, back and front, affording a fine view ** 'Jue 6^. rounding hills ; the rooms taie 1-^ und ,a;d include a fine ball and biU'-.a.loom Cl)ylo u . tho owner of the luieof coaches running between here aud Bathurst ftui\ x have no doubt liu will do au immense trade at '.ais house, as it will be the prineiyal jihice of resort- so transact business, 'ihe principal ctorekeupers are Messrs. Hodsou, Stewart, Cummings, :iud Gurd, all of whom aro doing a good builutss. Mr. Jolin Wil liams, landlord of the All Nation's Hotel, an old rniuer trom the Turon, is a great favourite here, and his houte is thronged frunl morning te night- iu fact, all tiie publicans are doing a large business ; still I never s» w a drunken man, and a more orderly or quiet place for its population I never saw, tho duties of the io:ic3 being aperftctsinecuie. I was pleased to see so in:uiy well-dressed and respectable families guiag to the various places of worship on Sunday, but they ate lo; half large enough to hold the oongregatioa, and I am glad to see subscriptions are on foot to enlarge the Church of England, one of the citizens putting bis name down for LL00. But what mostly strikes I a stranger on his arrival here is the great I number of pretty and confortabie cottages, the residences of miners, surrounded as . they are by some pretty gardens, showing strong evidence of the wealth and stability of the place. The houses ore built cf framing with laths nailed across, the middle filled up with tempered clay, aud being plastered inside and out, gives the walls a solid, aud at tho same time' when whitewashed, a very neat appearance. These cottages are cool in su aimer and warm in winter, and the walls, I believe, will stand for many years ; the roofs are mostly covered with galvanized iron, and a great improvement on tho unsightly bark. The soil in the gardens is a strong tenaoious clay, mixed with quartz andsurface, bat with the aid of manure and good tillage it will grow good crops. I was much gratified to hear on all tides the efforts of the worthy and indefatigable member for the Western Gold-fields were highly appreciated by the miners here ; and judging from the share .of good things they, have already got through his influence - such as extension of telegraph, increased postal arrangements, appointment of police magistrate, money expended on tho roads, &o.;, &c.;, they have no cause to complain ; and I heard it somewhat strongly hinted that, at tbe next elec'ion, any opposition will be futile. The time 1 allotted to my visit had now drawn to a close, aud I beg to return my thanks to the various gentlemen to whose courtesy I am indebted for showing me over thou- claims aud the information they gave me. Thenext mo.-ning, at 5 a. m. , I took a seat in Coyle 's co.'.ch, and bid ndieu to Bill End ; at 10 arrived at f ofalo, and changed coach and horses ; at 4 30 I arrived in Bathurst, and Cobb's coach, after a cool but pleasant trip, landed mc safe at Kydal, and jumping into the train and rolling myself in my 'possum rug, I fell asleep, and was only strakvned by | the cries of the boys calling tho morning papers at the Redfern station. I was bo much plcaced with my trip that I determined to revisit the scenes in the course of a month or two, when 1 trust the majority of those shafts going down will strike the reef, and make Hill End the great place I predict for it. Sydney, October 17 th. The depressing influences of the exodus to the Curra jong rush, the want of rain, and the non-discovery of any new workings likely to afford employment to the claimless miner, have resulted in the dullness that has prevailed at Gulgong, during the past week, which has been a very quiet one. Speculation in mining ven tures, says the local paper, is but a ghost of the past, and will not revive until something like a substantial payable workings is discovered, for which happy result many hope, but few try. The long and anxiously expected rain has not yet come, much to the dis appointment of the owners of puddling machines, whose supply of water is being rapidly used up, those situated on Reedy Creek excepted. The lead princi pally talked of during the week has been the 'Cale- donian,' which is situated on the northern boundary of Rouse's 4000 acre paddock. A claim known as No. 16 in the paddock has bottomed on payable gold at 116 feet, and a trial washing of eight loads yielded 2 oz per load. The prospectors of the Caledonia have also bottomed a shaft at 118 feet, and are currently believed to be on the same lead of gold. No. 12 north on this lead has hoisted the flag, and are obtaining payable prospects, which has had the effect of rais ing the drooping spirits of claimholders, and giving an impetus to speculation. We still hold our expressed opinion that the Caledonian has its name to make. On the Canadian lead there is some little im provement, though the lead is not extending with the quickness that was naturally expected from the facili ties existing. The great depth of washdirt in the claims on gold loads to the belief that a long continuous lead will be proved to exist, and though private properties bars the way, many are determined that the ground shall be thoroughly tested. At Rapp's Gully, mining matters are rather quiet, consequent on the want of rain to fill the dams now erected, and set the puddling machines going to reduce the large paddocks of wash dirt that are to be seen on the claims on gold. This locality is much thought of, and some hundreds have settled down, determined to wait until a plentiful supply of water will enable them to thoroughly test their claims. There are a couple of parties prospecting for reefs in the range from which the gully has received its gold, so far without reporting a find. On the Black Lead, No. 18 W, has bottomed, but not on gold; the party are now driving westerly, and fully expect to be able to hoist the flag in a few days. No. 31 It has also bottomed off the gold, being much too shallow, The intervening claims between these numbers are now going through the basalt rock, and do not calculate on pricking the bottom for the next five or six weeks. Litigation is still the order of the day on the Happy Valley lead, and likely, to be so until a more workable set of regulations are enacted. The frontage system has not been an unmixed blessing on this gold-field. On the Helvetia, Star of the South, and other leads in their vicinity, there is nothing to report. The pros pectors of the Durham lead have raised funds by public subscription, to crest a whim on their claim, to enable them to more effectively contend with the water and test the value of their ground, which many experienced men think will prove right. Population is still pouring in from Sydney and as very few are leaving for Currajong, the streets are gradually assum ing their old crowded aspect, though not so much as formerly. 