PACTS AND FANCIES ABOUT THE MONTHS MARCH ANNIVERSA- RIES : ST. DAVID'S DAY, AND ST. PATRICK'S DAY THIS is the land of opposites. We attempt descriptions of the passing months, their scenery, occupations, and other peculia- rities, and find ourselves sliding insensibly into the character- istics of the same time of the year on the other side of the globe. With our friends in England, March is a boisterous, sturdy, uncompromisingmonth, and was named by the Romans in honor of Mars, the God of War, something of whose war- like nature and love of buffett ings the windy March seems to have inherited. It is in this season that Winter howls and blusters, finding his dominion melting from his grasp, and Nature turning hopefully to the gentle successor, Spring, who comes with the mark of sovereignty upon his baby brow. But with us, March is the first month wherein is given intimation of Summer's departure ; it commences Autumn, (if we have such a thing in Australia, ) and speaks of fresh, breezy mornings before the sun puts on his mid-day brazen armor, and of cool evenings that lay their hands sooth- ingly on our flushed foreheads when the heat and labor of the day is passed. ? . \ In the old land Spenser describes this month as-^v " Sturdy March with brows full sternly bent, And armed strongly," I and the American poet, Bryant, has some pleasant lipes about it. Hark ! how he sings :- ~ "w The stormy March is come at last, ' \ With wind, and cloud, and changing skies ; \\. I hear the rushing of the blast That thro'the snowy valley flies. Ah ! passing few are those who speak Wild stormy month in praise of thee ! Yet though thy winds are loud and bleak Thou art a welcome month to me. " And who, in like manner, would not have a great love for this windy, hearty month, with its clear, cloudless skies, and its pure fresh air-fresh and pure, though somewhat of the keenest ; its dusty roads and hedges, where, however, the young leaves begin to look green and vigorous, and its meadows and dells, where the celandiue and the buttercup, and the bright star-drops of the wild strawberry, the glowing violet, and "The pale primrose, starting up between Dead matted leaves of ash and oak." are all lively, and prosperous, and hopeful. Who would not love this active month in England, which sets in motion all the busy wheels of nature. The reptiles waking from their winter sleep, the young lambs daring the bleak, rough winds ; the rooks whirring unceasingly about the leaf gathering trees, the alders mounting their black beads, and the sallows their yellow dust-enclosing catkins ; the gardener and field laborer busy. " from morn to dewy eve" and the woodman plying his axe in the dense and laboring woods ? Here, though the season is inverted, and less marked in its peculiarties, March has its characteristics of scenery and occupation. The shrivelled foliage of the forest, if the summer has been BEN LOMOND, TASMANIA. very droughty is now ready for ignition, and the friction of leaves and branches before an unusually strong wind, or the carelessness of some traveller lighting his pipe, or- neglecting to scatter the unextinguished embers of his camp-fire, is sufficient to cause one of those tremendous conflagrations which devastate the face of nature, and strike fear to the hearts of dwellers in bush-girdled huts. Now, too, the produce of the past season, in the shape of plump wool-bales goes creaking tediously along in the direction of the nearest shipping port. The opening day of March is a national anniversary with those of our fellow men who dwell in the mountain fastnesses of Wales. \It is the day of their patron saint, David, or, in Welsh, Dewid, son of Xantus, prince of Cardiganshire, who was educated as a pri it, vegetated as an ascetic in the Isle of Wight, and preached wiry *reat fervor and success to the Britons* though he lived onlyVL Jon milk and water, bread, and vegetables. He died in 544, a.0d his body was laid in the church of St. Andrew, but was afterwards removed to Glastonbury. The old custom of wearing the leeiï on this day, is said by some writers to have originated in its having been chosen by the Welsh as their distinguishing symbol in a great battle which they fought with the Saxons, sometime in the sixth century, in a place abounding with this vegetable. More probably, it once had some religious associa- tion to which we have long since lost the clue ; for the Egyptians held it as sacred, and it was worshipped by the ancient Syrians ; but, from whatever source it arose, there can be no doubt as to the antiquity of the custom. This mouth is also celebrated as containing the anniversary of St. Patrick's death. According to some authorities this person- age was born at Kilpatrick on the Clyde, between Dumbriton and Glasgow towards the end of the fourth century. Others assert that he was born in Wales. At the age of sixteen he was carried off by a band of rovers into slavery, and forced to keep . cattle on the mountains of Ireland. Escaping through the help of some sailors, he travelled into France and Italy, distinguished . himself by his piety, and was sent by Pope Celestiue on a mission to proclaim the truths of Christianity to the Irish. He executed his mission with singular perseverance. He travelled from north to south, from east to west, ascended mountains and crossed morasses, penetra- ted into the wildest glens and the almost inaccessible fast- nesses of the rocky coast, baptised thousands, ordained priests, instituted monks, be- " scowed alms upon the poor, solicited donations from the ; powerful, educated the young ' to minister at the altar, founded monasteries and schools, and * for forty years lived a life of holy labor and ascetic self denial j dying, at last, the ?death of the righteous, at Down, in Ulster. St. Patrick, according to his biographers, wrought many wonderful miracles during his long and holy life. Some of the legends iu which he figures are full of beauty, and, like the ancient fable, are but channels for the easier illustration of certain moral tenets ; others, again, seem but the offspring of a wild < and extravagant fancy, and .'. would be ridiculous were it not for the occasional touches of a rude romance by which they are enlivened. It is said of him that he drove out of Ireland every venomous thing, which, perhaps, is but àn alle gorical allusion to his introdúc-í. tion of Christianity in thé place of Paganism. When his . Irish disciples found it difficult to understand the solemn mystery of the Trinity-three Gods in one Godhead-he plucked, it is said, the common trefoil or shamrock, and asked, "Is it not as feasible for the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost to exist in unity as for these three leaves thus to grow upon a single stalk." St. Patrick's Day, the anniversary of the good Saint's death, isregarded by the Irish as a national holiday ; the green, immortal shamrock is worn as a national badge, the shillelah is handled as a national weapon, and whisky generously imbibed as a national beverage. Both St. Patrick and St. David find in these colonies many generous supporters who do not suffer these famous days to pass without observance, and not the less so because that observance is kept in a new and distant land. 