THE AUSTRALASIAN WESEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE, 1871. [From the Hobart Town Mercury.] FIRST DAY-JANUARY 19. The seventeenth annual Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan ' Methodist Church began its sittings in the Melville-street Church. The following ministers from other colonies were present:—The Rev. Messrs. Watsford (President of the Conference), Bickford, Thomas Williams, Dodgson, Wells, Dare, Cope, Blamires, and Fitcher, from Victoria; Revs. Messrs. Hurst (Ex-President), Rabone (General Secretary of Missions), Watkin, Gaud, Chap man, Jabez Waterhouse, Oraui, Curnow, Mar tin, and Phillips, from New South Wales; Revs. Me?srs. Binka, James, Patchell, and Goldsmith, from South Australia; Rev. J. Harding, from Queensland; Rev. A. Reid, from New Zealand; Rev. J. Kooney, from Fiji; together with all the ministers in full connection residing in this colony, except the Rev. A. Inglis, of Westhury, prevented by illness from Deing present. The Conference was opened by sieging the 478th hymn. After which the Seo retary read a psalm, and the Revs. S. Rabone and H. Gaud engaged in prayer. The Conference was then addressed by the retiring President (the Rev. 6. Hurst), who in < a few earnest and appropriate sentences intro- ' duced the fiev. John Watsford, of Ballarat, as I his successor, at the same time handing over to ' him a copy of the Word of God, the Conference ■ Seal, and the Conference Journal. 1 The new President then took the chair, and ' delivered the following address :—" Kir. Ex- ' President and Brethren—l thank you for the < very kind and cordial way in which you have < received me to-day as President of this Con- < ferenoe. It assures me that while I feel lam ' far from being all that your President should < be, yet you will bear with and help me, and < pray that God may bless and guide and sustain 1 me in the high position in whioh you and the 1 British Conference have placed me. Ido i not intend to try to make a long speech. 1 We have so much to do, and so little time ' in which to do it, that it would ill become ' me to take up the time of the Conference j by any lengthy address. But you will, lam \ sore, kindly allow me to give expression to the i feelings of my heart on this occasion. I thank i God for my connection with Methodism. I ' sincerely feel it, when I say what has often ' been said, that I owe all lam and have, under < God, to this church. Converted at the age of i eighteen under its ministry, I have for more I than thirty-three years enjoyed its privileges, 1 and have had the great honor of being one of ' its ministers for twenty-eight years. 1 mourn t to-day over mnch unfaithfulness; but I bless l God that I am still numbered among his I servants, and that I have not altogether labored in vain. When I entered upon this work, I knew there were many things I could do, many things I could not do ; but I twa9 fully < convinced that I might be an earnest and sue- ' ceesful preacher of the Gospel, and be in- « stromental in saving souls. I determined, i God helping me, to aim at this, and I hope 1 and believe that, in my humble way, this ( has to some extant been accomplished. I J rejoice to say that my attachment to Metho- ( dism has grown with my years, and my love to 1 our glorious Church and all connected with it is greater now than ever it was. I greatly love and respeot its ministers. Whatever failings and infirmities they may have, I regard them as men of God, true servants of Jesus Christ, 3 who make it the one great business of their 1 live? to save boulb. I esteem very highly in £ love for their works' sake those who are asso- £ ciated with us in the work of the Church —our < local preachers, our leaders, our Sabbath-school < teachers, our stewards, our tract distributors, ' our prayer leaders—a noble band of working I men and women greatly honored and \ blessed by God. I love our Methodist i people, the thousands and tens of thou- i sands who have tasted that the Lord is • gracious, and are walking in the fear of s the Lord and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. \ I thank God for our Methodist doctrine—our < clear, well-defined system of theology. What < some others regard as our fault and weakness, 1 we all, lam sure, most heartily praise God for— i a system of theology which we believe to be 1 truly scriptural, from which we have no desire ' to depart; from which we cannot depart and ' continue ministers of this Church; and from 1 which, thank God, we have not departed. 1 Whilst there have been many charges all < around üb, whilst the conflict of mind lias been so great, and the failures so many, we have still 1 held by the faith delivered unto us; and neither because it has been fashionable, nor because it has been considered very intellectual, have we run after the errors so popular in these days. I pray Goa that we may evei be kept faithful. I thank God for our Methodist discipline, and I would say with those who have preceded me, that I rejoice that we are still de termined not to reckon or regard asy one as a member of this Church who does not meet in ' class with us. We have from the first con- * tended for Christian Communion, and we have * it heie. We believe that we ought to know < who and what they are who come to the Lord's ' table; and whilst other churches have their < plans and arrangements for knowing this, we 1 have ours, and we are prepared to abide by < them. I praise God that I have had any part 1 in the great Missionary work, and I rejoice ' with you in the financial position of the Society ' last year. I hope it may be as good this year. ! Our Missionary Society is in many respects in ' a very critical position just now, and it should \ have our sympathy and prayers. I believe we 2 did right as a Conference in taking these ' missions under our care, that all we do for the ' missions not only does not hinder our home ' work, but greatly helps it, and I think ' we are greatly honored and bltssed by ' our connection with this noble institution. ' As at former Conferences, we miss to-day some ' of those who so earnestly labored amongst ns, j and so greatly helped in all our deliberations. ' They have finished their work and entered into ' their rest. And our work, brethren, will soon j be ended. May we do it well! And when the ' eud domes, may we enter into the Master's joy! ' I am sure that I may say that we all deeply J feel how heavy has been the blow that has ; fallen upon the cause of education in general, and Methodist education in particular, by the ' lamented death of Dr. Corrigan, and that we ] very sincerely sympathise with brother Waugh ' and all conneoted with Wesley College in this j sad bereavement. And now, brethren, I pray ' God that we have a good conference. Let us ' consecrate ourselves to God, and earnestly pray ' for the baptism of the Spirit. Let us do the ! work as brethren, and as servants of Jesus ' Christ. And as it is very desirable that we ' have a short conference, let us do the business with all the dispatch consistent with the im- ' portanoe; and may God bless us."' 1 The next business was the election of a ' Secretary. The Kev. B. Chapman was re elected. The Revs. J. Water-house and N. ! Bennet were appointed Assistant-Secretaries. ' Leave of absence was granted to the fol- ' lowing Chairmen of Districts who were unable ' to attend:—The Revs. J. S. Waugh, T. Buddie, and J. Boiler. Votes of thanks, which were duly acknowledged, were unanimously pre sented to the retiring President and the Secre tary for their services during the past year. The reply of the British Conference of 1870 to the reply of the last Australasian Conference was read and received, and arrangements ma-'e for the preparation of the address to the British Conference for this year. The following minis ters were received into full connection with the Conference:—The Eevs. M. Maddem. J. W. Brown, G. H. Holmes, J. A. WaddeU, E. Tavlor, H. Moore, W. Weston, E. J. Biok ford. H. Catford, T. E. Ick, ML A., C. Laukaster, J. Haslem, W. Oliver, J. Osborno, aiid A. J. Webb. The resignations of two preachers on trial are accepted. The Chairmen of Districts * reported the names of 44 o'hers who still re main on trial, as with one or two exceptions not having yet completed their term of proba tion. The question next came under considera tion, " What preachers are now received on trial T* The Dames of 11 candidates were ap proved of. The ex- President, with Messrs. Cope, Wells, and Goldnmith, were appointed a sub- committFe to invei-tigate th? state of the .Education Faod, and to bring up a. report to the Conference. The Chairman and represen tatives of the various districts were appointed a sub-cemmittee to consider and report on mat ters relating to the Sunday-Schools of the Wesleyan Church. Notice of motion was given by the ex-President with reference to the mode of electing district representatives to the Con ference. Secohd Day—Januabt 20. The consideration of cases of candidature for the ministry was resumed. The following young men, including those whose names were before the Conference on Thursday, were accepted on trial: —W. H. Beale, R. McKeown, J. Woolnou.h, H. Yonngman, T. Moore, A. Midgley, T. F. Beeve, C. H. Ingamells, H. E. ■ Merrinian, J. W. Ingham, J. H. Tuckfield, A. iJ. Bogle, W. H. Pollard, J. C. MacaougalL W. i Burridge, W. S. Harper, W. B. Marten, and •H. J. C. Gilbert. The death of one minister i since last Conference, the Kev. B? Amos, of Par l ratnatta, N. S. Wales, was reported. The Revs, iS. Rabone and H. Gaud were requested to pre ' pare an obituary notice for insertion in the C'on ■ ferenoe minutes. The question of character then occupied the serious attention of the Con l ference. The names of the various ministers I stationed in these colonies were read over, in ■ order that any objeo lions with respect to cha ) racter, heterodox, preaching, breach of disci > pline, or incompetent ability, might be care i fully considered. A Committee of Discipline, \- consisting of the Revs. G. Hurst, W. A. Quick, IS. Rabone. L Harding, W. P. Wells, W. L. , Binks, and A. Beid, was appointed to inves i tigate any cases demanding enquiry, and 1 report to the Conference. The next I business was alteration or division of t circuits, and the entering upon new l stations. In New South Wales three new s stations were recommended for occupation— \- Bombala, Wilcannia, and Wentworth, and the . division into two circuits of a large tract of t countiy which has hitherto only formed one, j under the name of the Narrabri and Moree Cir f cuits. This tract of country was represented as s being about the size of England; and the e minister at present in charge has had to ride i \- over 450 miles in one direction. A gentleman t in England had offered a considerable sum an nually towards the support of an additional minister in that locality. In Queensland it was resolved that a new station named Logan should be occupied. The Chairman of the Queensland District, the Rev. I. Harding, re presented the great need of more ministers for vast districts now being settled in that colony, but which have to be left without ministers for want of funds. In Victoria a new station named Ray wood is to be taken up. In South Australia there is a large district extending some 200 miles between Kooringa and Mount Remark able, including several large estates, the gentle men resident on which have offered consider able annual subscriptions in order that the district may be regularly supplied with Gospel administrations. This district, under the general name of the " North-East." is to have a minister. In Tasmania, the Fingal district from Avoca eastwards to the coast, and then northward to George's Bay and the coun try around, is to be made a circuit and have a resident minister. The greater part of the funds necessary for this have been guaranteed for the first year. A new circuit is also to be formed in New Zealand. Besides these new stations, properly so-called, a large number of circuits in almost all the colonies have outgrown their original dimensions, and are to be divided—in some cases into two, in others into three circuits. The Pev. James Bick ford asked permission to state to the Conference that he had just received from the Rev. Wm. Butters, who, many years ago, labored success fully in this island, and is now residing as a supernumerary minister in England, a letter in which he spoke of his health as being better than it had been for years, bo that he was able to preach twice every Sunday, and attend two or three public meetings ia the course of every week. Mr. Butters sent his love to the President/ and to his ministerial brethren. Mr. Bickford I also informed the Conference that the Kev; Dr. Rigs, Principal of the Wesleyan Training Institution, Westminster, had been elected z. member of the School Board for the city of London, under the new Education Act at home. Applications were rend from two esteemed ministers connected with the Irish Wesleyan Conference, but obliged to make their homes in Australia through ill health, to be admitted into connection with this Conference as minis ters of the Australian Wesleyan Church. The Conference, whilst desirous to show these gentlemen the highest respeot, were obliged to decline acceding to their request on account of the great difficulty experienced in finding circuits for additional married men. It was resolved that the names of these mi nisters should be appended to the lists of station", as supernumerary ministers in con nection with the Irish Conference, but now resident in Australia. Thibd Day—January 21. The whole day was occupied with the question of ministerial appointments for the next year. There were present the following ministers in addition to those whose names were given in the account of the first day's proceedings :—The Revs. G. Daniel (Richmond, Victoria), E. King (Williamstown), J. W. Crisp (Warrnambool). J. B. Smith (Brighton, Victoria). J, G. Turner (Belfast), C. Lane (Geelong), J. Woolnough, B.A. (Sydney), P. R, C. TJssher (Kyneton), and W. Woodall (Brighton, Victoria). Fourth D^t—Januabt 23. It has frequently been the custom in past years to obtain the services of young men for the Wesleyan Ministry who have been specially sent for from England. Now, however, the supply of candidates for the ministry from these colonies has become sufficient to meet the or dinary needs of the Australasian Connexion. The following resolution was accordingly passed:—" That in the opinion of this Con ference it will trr?atly embarrass the connexion, if any of 'the Chairmen of Districts be allowed to write to England for ministers without per mission of the Conference; and that in future all applications for ministers must be sanctioned by the Conference and forwarded by the Presi dent." The number of members of each circuit of the Connexion was read, which was followed by a conversation arising ont of these statistics. The result of this conversa tion was a resolution that the first, part of a morning session should be devoted to a conver sation on the state of the work of God in con nection with the Wesleyan Methodist Church in these colonies. The following are the statistics of membership in the Wesleyan Church in the various colonies by members being understood those who meet in class:— ITew South Wales 5,669 Queensland 479 Victoria 11,722 South Australia 5,319 Tasmania 1,619 Western Australia 166 New Zealand 2,785 27,759 being an increase for the year of 1,583, whilst there are on trial for membership 3,000 per srns. On the mission atal ions in Fiji and 8.0 -tumah there were 22,351 members reported, being an increase for the year of 2,006, with 5,318 on trial for membership. The returns for the Friendly Islands and Samoa have not yet come to hand. The following resolutions were passed respecting the various Connexions! Funds :—" L The Conference acknowledges, with thankfulness, the ready cheerfulness and liberal support which the various Con nexions! Funds have had from each dis trict in the Australian oolonies; and re joices in this additional proof of the attach ment of the Wesleyan Church to the Connexional principle, the maintenance of which is so essential to its stability and useful ness. 2. The Chairmen of Districts are re quired to report to the Conference all cases in which Superintendents of Circuit fail to make the various Connexional Collections." The members of the Financial District Committees for the year 1871 were appointed, these Cem mittees consisting of the ministers of the re spective districts, and the Circuit Stewards of the various circuits in these districts. The mem bers of the Missionary and Connexional Com mittees for the present year were appointed. The members of the Educational Committees for the several colonial dL- trusts were also ap pointed. The following resolution was passed respecting the Wesleyan Church Contingent and Extension Fund raised by the various dis tricts in aid of the work of God in their several localities: —" In order that the Gospel may be sent into the neglected portions of the various colonies while existing stations are vigorously sustained, the Conference deems it highly important that each circuit of the Con nexion should do all in its power to augment the resources of this Fund. The Rev. J. Dare moved the adoption by the Conference of a proposed constitution for the " Home Mission and Contingent Fund Society for Victoria," with a view to the more thorough organization of the Church Contingent and Extension Fund in that colony. The constitution, after some discussion as to details, was passed. The sale of certain connexional properties was sanc tioned. 