COVERING CHRIST'S FACE. And the men that held Jesus mocked Him, and smote Him And when they had blindfolded Him, they struck Him on' the face, and asked Him, saying, Prophesy, who is ib that smote Thee?— Luke xxii. 63, G4. Dear friends, we scarcely like to picture 'that scene; yet I ? do not think we should shrink from bringing home to our selves what our dear Redeemer did not shrink from bearing fnr us Let us, then, dwell with devout and repentant hearts on that scene, ever remembering that the sufferings and indig-. nities of the Son of God were not meant to awake in us an idle pity, but to stir up in us a sense of the hidequsness of sin, a manly repentance and determination to give up sin, and to make us search and try our ways, that we have no part among His mockers and murderers. 'Weep not for Me,' saith the Lord; ' weep for yourselves.' You will remember, my brothers, that only a few hours before what took place in the verses I have just, read, a great multitude from the high priest, bearing torches and armed with any rude implement they could find, had seized the Lord m the garden of Gethsemane, while His disciples were faithlessly sleeping and oil1 their watch, and had dragged Him through the dark streets of Jerusalem to the palace of the high priest. Then the members of the Sanhedrim, the great judicial council of the Jews, composed of the chief priests and elders, hastily gathered together, like wolves thirsting for the blood of the Lamb of God, whom at last they saw in their poAver. They go through a mock form of trial, and condemn Him for blasphemy. But, as nothing further could be done till the morning breaks, they deliver Him up for the night into the hands of the vile rabble who had seized Him. The shadow of that great agony when, bowed down under the burden of our sins, His sweat was as it were great drops of blood, had not yet faded from His face ; all human love had failed Him; when in . His lonely humanity He had leaned upon it; one whom He had honoured above the rest had just in His very hearing denied Him with cursing and swearing. But, worn out and ex hausted as He was, He was not given where to lay His head. All that night He must be the cruel sport of men who knew no mercy. Picture that large hall, the wild firelight light ing up the fierce and cruel faces, as, with a burst of brutal merriment, they- find some old cloth, and at once proceed to bind His eyes — -those eyes that had filled with tears over the grave of Lazarus — those blessed eyes, deep homes of love and prayer, whose look would calm the raving maniac— eyes that had been bent in compassion on every dark and discon solate object that His hand could heal— and. lo! the sun himself is darkened by human hands. Yet, with strange inconsistency in their very mockery, they address Him as a prophet — as one 'who, like Elisha, had the power of calling down fire from heaven to shrivel them up. But His patient benignity of character was so well known, His resolution to use His miraculous powers for the good of others, and never in His own defence, that at the very moment they owned His supernatural powers they dared to strike Him and spit upon Him as the most1 helpless of men. ' He saved others;' Himself, they know, ' He would not save.' O wondrous, touching image of the long-siuTering love and patience and goodness of God! The Son of God, with blinded eyes and folded hands, stands still to be smitten by His own creatures, refusing to say -who it was that smote Him, blindly, silently bearing the sins of men in His own person, while He pleads for them with the Father, ' Father, forgive them, for they know notVhafc they do.' Now I know you will say that you are not a partaker of the evil deeds of those men; that, so far from smiting your blessed Saviour, if you had been there you would have covered Him with your own. body sooner than they should have done it. My brothers, remember it was not the JeAvs alone who slew Christ; it was our human nature — your human nature, and my human. Whatever unconverted men did then, unconverted men would do now. Would God, would God I could feel sure there is not one here who first blindfolds his Saviour, and then strikes Him and puts Him to an open shame! Would God. I could get you, each one of ^ you, to ask yourselves, 'Is it I? Is it I?' And if God's Spirit ansAvers you out of my lips, ' Thou art the man' Avho ' does this great Avickedness, O that you may go out of yonder door a conArinced sinner in need of a great Saviour. ' Well,' you say over there, ' whoever it is, it aint me. It may be that canting, sneaking, two-faced1 fellow So-and-so, Avho don't acb up to AA'hat he professes; but it' aint me, for I make no profession — neA^er did and never shall.' My friend, so far from it not being you, I knoAV of no one Avho tries to blindfold his Saviour more than you do. You think by making no . profession you can blind your Saviour to your sins, and that you may smite Him Avdth impunity with your oaths, your drunkenness, your uncleanness, and .that He Avill never prophesy Avho it Avas that mocked and smote Him.; Noav I must, say that, of all Pharisees, the Pharisee in fustian is the worst— the man that 'makes no profession.' I can't say that he goes up to the. temple to pray, for he hasn't got one ; if he worships anyAvhere it must be at the sign of the Fox and Goose. But he stands and prays thus: ' God, I thank Thee that I am not as other men are — cants, ?hypocrites, Methodists, saints. I don't go to church one day, and to the public the next. I don't finger the leaves of a hymn-book one day, and a dirty pack of cards the next. I don't go to the sacrament one Sunday, and then get drunk on . Saturday night. I make no profession. I give tithes of all I possess to the devil, and get ' fresh' twice in the week.' And the man goes doAvn to his house so ludicrously certain that he is justified rather than the other Avho makes a profes sion, but does not act up to it. Noav I cannot see the odds between' you; it seems to me it is- six of one and half-a-dozen of the other. He shoots Avide of the mark, you shoot short: Both play a losing game. He insults God's holiness; like the Samaritans of old, ' he ?' fears; the Lord and seizes his own gods.' But you insult God's holiness and power alike, by openly casting off the fear of the Almighty, by. never bending your knees to your God. He, having named the name of Christ, lias forgotten 'to depart from all iniquity;' but you, when God offers you His own Son, say to His face you don't want Him or His Christ: And you think that when you appear before the judgment-seat of Christ and say, ?' Lord, I never professed to serve Thee; I never pretended to love Thee,' God will accept what you call your honesty, but what I call your impudence? To that false professor He will say, 'Verily, I know you not;' but of you He will make short and sharp work : ' Depart, ye cursed.' Perhaps you say, however, that you are not so bad as that, and I should trust it is not the case of many in this room. But how many are there of you men who are trying to blind fold your Saviour with empty promises and good resolutions for the future, and then think you may smite Him with your unforsaken sins at your leisure in the present ! Why it was only last Sunday, when my words went home to you and made you feel uncomfortable, that you stifled your conscience by saying, 'Well, I know I am not light as I am, but I mean to turn over a new leaf some day; I don't mean to go on as I am. I mean to be quite different some day, only there is plenty of time yet to think of these things.' Some day? Plenty of time? My brother, what if God,- whom you think to blindfold with these excuses, says to. you, 'Thou fool, this night shall thy soul be required of thee?' Where are you then? Will you be ready? Don't say- you are too young and strong to die yet. Measure some of the coffins in the churchyard, and you will find some to your length. And you know you are not ready, you know your soul is not right with God, you know you would feel very much afraid -to die. But 0, with tears of earnestness in my eyes, I would try and appeal to something higher to you than the mere slavish fear of death and hell! -Think, my brothers. Christ loved us, and gave Himself for you and me when He was in the prime of His years — only a little* more than thirty; and will you put Him off with the worst of your time ? Oh, young man, Christ gave Himself up to death, and made Himself an offering for your sins when He was in the prime and flower of His days. And will you be so mean as to pxit Him off to old age, and fail ing powers, and the devil's leavings ? Did He die for yotir sins in the prime of His -days, and will you not die unto sin ?for. Him in; the prime of your age? Did He offer Himself for you in the spring and morning of His days, and will you not, if you have a spark of manliness left in you, offer your self in the prime and morning of your years to Him? O, give not Christ cause to say, ' I died for you betimes, but you have not lived to Me betimes. I was early in My sufferings for you, but you have not been early in returning to Me. In the flower of My days I sweat blood for you, I wept for you, I bore My Father's wrath against sin for you ! but you, in the flower of your days, have not wept over sin, nor rnourned over Me, whom you have grieved and pierced, nor returned unto Me, your Saviour; but have put off, and delayed, and- loitered, and refused to let Me see of the travail of My soul and be satisfied.' O my brothers, there is not plenty of time to give Christ cause to plead thus without fearfully condemning yourself. There is not plenty of time to try and blindfold your Saviour with idle excuses and empty resolutions, and then smite Him to the heart with . your sins, your cold denial of Him, your hard, unchanged, worldly hearts ! To-morrow is the devil's day, now is God's time. O that this night you would ask for the Holy Ghost to help you to give your bright young lives, your bodies and souls, to be a living sacrifice to Him who loved you and gave Himself for you ! — People's Magazine. 