ORIGIN OP THE . -ANGLO-FRENCH « KINGLAKE baa drawn a terribly.grapbio pic- ture'of the 'attitude .of-Louis 'Bonaparte ahc his. accomplices after the coup d'etat, with their hands full nf plunder and their mouths' ful of humility, seeking alliances all orer Europe -which might gire them a sort of internationa Standing. There have been heated denials o the accuraoy of the portraiture; but nothinj, said to disprove it. And now Mr. Davidow, E Secretary of Lega'ion in the service of Russia well kn wn in Puris, and in Washington has ! recently published, k St. Petersburg a most indiscreet but evidently truth ul account of tho advances ..made by Louii Napoleon to Russia, wbioh Mr. Davidow received from the lips of the late Ooun Nicholas de KisseletF, Russian A mbasmdor ii Paris. It confirms in a very.striking nay thi Opinion formed by the English-historian of tin disposition and tendency of the BOW Emperor whioh landed bim ? in that .imprudent an« fruitless partnership with Kngland in a quarre in which he had no interest whatever. At: time when the temporary aberrations o sjo»called Republicans are leading ..weakmindei citizens to look to a personal government as : means of security and permanency it will b well,to .consider the. train of, disasters whiol were brought upon France by one Emperor'i uneasy struggle for recognition, and-the defea which was prepared for Russia by the stolic and barbarous pride of another. " Mr. Kisseloff says that he was led hy jBona porte's speech at Dijon and the review al Satory to suspect that the Empire would soon 1» proclaimed,- .and he asked for instructions in that event. < The Petersburg Cabinet replied that this was - improbable, and gove.no instructions. The Prince President made him- self , Emperor, and the other Embassadors made haste to recognize him. Mr. Kisseleff, not knowing what else to do, went to bed with the! gout, and refused to see anyone. But while his.door was still refused to the world, tn invitation to a ball at the Tuileries was brought to the Embassy, and a procedure so unheard of indicated that some important communication was to be made to him in an unofficial manner. He was not mistaken. The Emperor took him aside into the embrasure of a window, and put at once the scorching Question as to his recognition by the Russian Government. Mr. Kisseleff replied that he had as yet received no instructions. The Emperor then want on in a strain of incon- ceivable self-abasement, saying that the model whioh he had chosen for himself to fellow was the Emperor Nicholas, "the true type of a modern Emperor. I confess," he adds, "that for , a .long time I have been filled with admiration and an involuntary sympathy for Ïour Emperor, who still refuses my plebeian and,' which I again tender him, no longer as to a brother, but as to a model whom I have chosen." He charged the Envoy to report this to. ^he Emperor, and to say that England was pursuing him with projeots ofraUiance, but he could not go into such an arrangement without the fear ot being haunted by the ghost cf his uncle. Still, on alliance he must have, and if Russia again repulsed him he must Englandm8e^ " loathing into tho arms of Mr. Kisgeleff left the palace, stupefied by BO preposterous an interview, and found at the Embassy a courier, who had just arrived with dispatches from -Petersburg ordering him to present himself to Mr. Drouyn de l'Huye, and to say that the Czar recognized th« new Emperor as Nap-w- jj^ ,na not nà i¡j-ap0ieon III., sud that for the present the Czar refused to style him "Brother," thinking that for po new an arrival among the family of sovereigns " My dear Friend" was quite cor« dial enough. The minister, knowing how dis- astrous such a stupid insult would be at this crisis, took the responsibility of sending the courier back to Nesselrode to explain fully to Aim . the gravity of the situation. . 'But in a few days he received a cold dispatch, saying that the Czar was displeased at his presuming to delay the execution of his orders, whieh were, thereby repeated formally. Ha went in despair to tho Departmeat of Foreign Affairs, delivered his fatal despatches, and waa in ' formed bf the imminent dangers they involved. The alliance with England was conoluded soon afterwards. It U >oarcoly possible that any constitu- tional government could have . drifted into snob, disastrous complications as resulted in this base from tho cringing meanness of one despot and the brutal arrogance of another. It has always been the habit of Louis Bona- parte to * regard the moral quality Of his sots in tho light of the scandal they excite. He is willing to bear any humiliation in private if Ito,can show a bold front in public. Ina govern aient whose diplomacy is governed by Îrablic opinion, it would have been impossible br him to grovel so low at tho fest of a foreigner. It would hare been equally impossible for the Russian Cabinet to have driven France into hostility^ by so savage and puerile an exhibition of pettiness. We do not share in tho usual exaggerated ascriptions of praise to Russian diplomacy. Tho Tartar Mood has rarely produced a statesman. Tho leading Russians aro Germans in blood and brains. But no government could well have been constructed out of a regiment bf Cossacks whioh oould have committed a blunder at once so vulgar and so inept as that by which the "WeBt of Europe was foroed into allianoo against the Russian schemes on the Euxine.-Now Tbrk Tribuno. 