Scour or i TttTLE.-Thc breeding season is now at its height, and turtles impelled by the maternal in stinct nightly seek the sandy shores of the islands in the harbour. Id secluded localities the turtles are bold enough to go ashore boefore sundown, and Ilst Friday afternoon, one paid for its temerity wilthl its liberty and subsequently withl its life. Mfr. Pilot Jansen being down at the heads in prosecution of hisa duties, had occasion to land on Facing Island und saw her turtleship creeping away throughl tihe grass far abprge highl water maurk. In a few moments she found herself on her back, and her sutferings were terminated three days later in thslOaCstoms boat-shed, by a tragedy in wlehihber captor was first murderer. Herbaody was quartered, and distributed with sanguinary generosity to chosen friends from the four iinsds of Glaloetnsoe. ser eggs (about abucket fullof them) were divided and I handed round as elhoice morsels. But her ladyeship's ghost must have lad its revenge if it witnessed the sufferings of some of those who for a brief moment gloated over eggs and green lofat; hier eggs disagreed wiLth not an few of those foolhardy or curious enough to get outside of them. For ourselves, we miglht sayr- I but no, we will not; the memory of theloathings pro# duced by tlhat one tiny slphere--" Just like a billiard bull only not so hard," uag i asulmiriug friend said, when he saw us with a luamp of I.urtle in one hand nud a kerchlief of eggs in the other-is too dreadfoul. Gladslone Observer. After remarking tlhat thet Police Magistrate as well as the P6olice in o]ehamptotn have for some time taken rank withl thie unemployed, tle .Buslletin says: "Ins.this stagaunt state of ulaffairs, 'Paddy f]erown' has stelpped in to the rescue. Jauiing qualified himsels f for distinction and enlerltaitnmslt, at Her Mfujesty's ex peose by getting jolly drlutk, Paddy put in an appeor asce at the police station at au early hour the other moaning, wil an ticket, o his back-' Put thle hearer in the dock.' 'The bearer' was met by a constable at the gate, to wshosa he at oaec gace proof of tis eligibility for the reveetd position by a display of haerlhanalian feervour eharaceLristic of mon its his ssate of menal elsratUion, sand he was therelare without question promptlly conveyed to the cells." TP~r Ao'uonAena Rarvaslx? .-Osn Sundsy ervening (says the Adelaile dsil Oblserrer') a asumber of Alhghansc, who hare beeon )n the enplloy of the Hou. Thomas Elder as camelhdrivers, &e.;, on hIis runs in the Far North, arrived at Wallaroo in the steainer Knangaroo, from Port Augusntae, to await the exonia froe New castle, which vessel will lake them to Bombas. The loal Iies says:--" Other distingisi shai ed comLpany is expected somssie tie dur'isg the week in the tisape of fifteen camnels with the luggage of the Affghause, acom panied, of course, by drivers. 'The Affgluans were enscged for three years, and now that thIe time is up, Mr. Elder is under consrlct to retulrn tsal lo their natrive land. BWe understand that but few of thems will remais ouver the time of thleir engagument." 