The -dismission " Was Hamlet mad f might be renewed with advantage -to the sporting oommimitp Only on (his occasion the theme wonld better be, "Were Hamlet's backers' mad I" To bet 3, 4, 5, and even larger figures to 1 upon an qyiimnl irainil in a not too morally fragrant stable, and which had to meet a tolerably large field of equal-aged horses, all boasting high pedi— greesj'and all excellently trained, savors of lunacy in the second degree. Hoes it not culminate into the first degree, when toe backers of toe Maribyr- nong colt were or should have been all cognizant of the enormous power pos sessed by toe "men of toe zing" — that money power which daily becomes more irresistible? Can it be wondered at then in »mnr parlance of lite crafty tiie "big pot boiled over," severely scalding those who were standing' round intent. npon the plums which were to come out of toe pudding therein ? This Javelin has caused more pain than toe Barb ever did, and has done more mischief We should be unwil ling to Bay that. Hamlet was not lJeaten pn his merits, and equally sorry to make affirmation that he was - for in toe one case we might be maligning honest persons, and in toe other should be "going back upon" Our Own honest conviction that the son of Maribymong snd Rose of Denmark -is by. far toe best <»lt «ver bred in Australia. The safer plan therefore is toe more charit able one — toe .Prince "had a bad night" Immediately preceding the race for toe Bandwick Derby. Arid yet he was re ported fit and well up to the last rnmmte j ' and " "he " could scarcely have seen his father's ghost, inasmuch as his tore is still in toe flesh, and very- lusty flesh into the bargain. At all event; \- whatever may have been toe cause of toe ' disappointment; Hamlet became sufficiently himself again, in a few days, to defeat with toe greatest ease Prophet — a horse that passed toe chair a 7«"gih in front of him for toe Derby. There were a numberof other races at Bandwick which require a little explanation ; but the "difficulty' of getting at toe truth "is so great (there : seems to be very- little jabout "getting at" horses) and the interests involved are so mixed up, that we leave toe knotty questions to bo solved by the noble array of torf prophets; who. were all m egtegnaa&y; out in their "tips" mid have been striving to set themselves- light with'the public ever Binds. .5. Bufficient.in ear opinion has been shown by toe public prints — -we are not idloding to Sandwick in particular, having some lively recollections of. the devious 'paths by which certain animals much nearer home! reached the winning post first— that betting ohhorae races is not only a ''ypmMiouB,'' but also a highly, .demoralising ' game. j' Jt ban ynvvMvl -alilrH ft-1 -wcbloxOTUTi .ynj -ffia shopboy. - ISm knbefefcrsl- broad acres jrf. the onemelted certainly thsn 'dhe the till by the other. And dizgraoe and the tonstable have followed both, alike- We are not of those who would "strain the law with a view to stamp out gambling of all sorts. Man is essentially a gambling animal, and for -toe matter of that; woman too. The only difference is that man begins earlier in life. They commence with "marbles;" women "with ""gloves."' The best and" most honor able people at times take a tempting - " double" when "it is offered them ; or back a horse outright when toe whim seizes them. But throwing away a few pounds - occasionally on a luxury of this kind is a very different thing from thinking horse, talking horse, dreaming horse, and backing horse all toe year round. What we chiefly object to . are toe enormous temp tations thrown in the way of the young by toe tantalising advertisements with which the spotting journals of the colony literally bristle; and the still more dangerous lures thrown out by toe betting list keepers in every second tobacconist's shop and sport ing hotel throughout Melbourne. Nor is the evil confined to the metropolis. It has . spread. Jike a .moral plague to Bal- larat, Sandhurst, Geelong, and doubtless other towns in Victoria. Opposite the 'windows of these establishments' may be seen congregated' any hour of toe day or evening little and sometimes large knots .of-, clerks, apprentices, messengers, shopboys, and assistants in shops, engaged in dis cussing toe merits of favorites and outsiders, while 'every now and then one and another will - slip into the snare so cunningly set by toe fowler within. These congregations of votaries of toe god of gambling — we forget his name, but Mer cury the Olympic patron of thieving is as near as we can come — are becoming a pnblic nuisance in Bourke street, Melbourne, and would soon be so here were Ballarat the Ballarat of three years ago. Now as all the list keepers must live— and as a rule they have no other visible means of support), their betting book being their sole stock-in- trade — toe general pnblic must safer exactly in proportion to their gains. That they do live — and live on toe fat of the land, too — will scarcely be disputed ; for is not iheir name legion, and are they not to be seen always extravagantly if not well dressed, and still more extravagantly be dizened with jewellery, not Brummagem either. Some years ago, when the betting list fever rose to an alarming pitch in London, the law stepped in and made short work of the disease. Can something of toe kind not be done here ? Is there no member of Parliament honest enough and bold enough to rise in denunciation of this pernicious trade? There must be many; but toe worst of it is; that those who would cry -aloud against this greatest of' social evils, ss a rule, through imperfect acquain tance with toe subject, , when they do speak only suceed in making themselves ridi culous. To the intelligent foreigner, as indeed to every, sensible man who has studied the question toe gross inconsistency of ' the colonial law relating to gaming becomes startilngly apparent. A sweep must not be drawn in Victoria — so Mr J. J. Miller goes to New South Wales to bring off his little affair. All the while toe majority of sub scribers are Victorians. Formerly "the Commissioner," as Mr Hobson used to be called, patronised the salubrious village of Moama in toe . spring of toe year, also " with. Intent to deceive the Victorian " authorities." IF half a dozen persons are discovered by a policeman playing cards or dice for money they are punished. So too with Chinese lottery-holders — Chinese who do not regard gambling of any kind as wrong. Vet all the time the very worst form of gambling, and toe one at which toe public have the least chance to win, is not only" carried on openly, bnt absolutely flgxixiLvi in toe faces of toe authorities. In a lottery, whether amongst the whites or toe whitey browns, the drawer of the win ning horse in the one case, and the rubber- out t of the lucky numbers in the other, receives his money — providing, of oourse, the projectors act honorably, as in ninety-sine cases out of a hundred they do. Now what guarantee has the investor of a pound in a double that one at least of the horses he selects has not been "made-safe" — or to borrow again from the elegant vocabu lary of the ring, is not a "stiff-un?" We could, enlarge upon this topic; but enough has, we think, been shown to galvanise the Attorney-General into something like activity upon a question which so closely affects the material well being and the future character of Victoria. The bazaar has become an institution in Ballarat—indeed it may be to be omni- present with us. We are always either preparing for a bazaar, or suffering a re covery from one just concluded. No sooner are the needs of St, John's met than All Saints' comes to the fore, and when the turn of All Saints' has been served, some other church, school, or kindred institution takes its place in the running. At this particular moment we believe we are free for the first time for almost years of a bazaar either present or prospective, and therefore we shall do no harm, but may work out some good by having a few words to say on the tendency of this showy but unsubstantial craze. Of course it will be held by those interesting young ladies, who derive so much pleasure from playing at amateur shopkeep- ing, that we are very cruel to oppose bazaars, but a sense of duty fortifies us against even their formidable antagonism. The fact is, that these bazaars are unhinging the trade of Ballarat, and doing, perhaps, quite as much harm to the tradespeople, as the decline of our gold mines has inter- fered with the returns of that class. A by no means unimportant branch of trade amongs us is the toy trade, and this has been completely prostrated this year by opposition from the Alfred-Hall. The baker, the butcher, the draper, and the dealer in fancy goods are also of some com mercial interest to us ; but they have all been sufferers by the popular furore. People must eat, drink, and clothe themselves; but then if people spend their money at bazaars, the probability is that the baker, the butcher, and the draper, and a host of other tradesmen, will call for their accounts and call in vain. The money has been invested in the just closed bazaar, and the tradesmen must wait for payment of their bills. What this means is that, while some local institution is being relieved from a pressure of debt, tradesmen are being plunged further into it by way of compensation. There is a limit to the spending power of a community the same as there is a limit: to its capacity to purchase, and any interference, by factitious means, with this limit, must unsettle the equilibrium, and some class, or all classes, more or less, must feel the evil effects of the disturbance. QeTmiawjy bf Tjaraars is to' ferae trade/ and therefore "must xteblt hi top 'tpnufagwade' jost 'tispfifflWi.;. j Not ? only this, but as value Is not ; obtained For I the money spent, 'there is ii poativp lomj to toe Oommnnity by toe -ambnnt invested in toe ldttesyjtex. ,Ijt cinll of obtuse be adced.hqw toe ecp' deriredtean beat at bettei;ior without .denng -harm to any inte- bBrzi»- quired, or a public - institution -feeds' relief from debt, if private contribu- tions cannot be obtained for the pur pose, then the projectors or committee must resort to a bazaar to obtain toe money. But the reply to this is obvious. Neither a church should be built, nor a public institu tion extend its dimensions, until it is able to do the work out of its own means, just as no tradesman should plunge into expense for a problematical and pro spective benefit, unless justified in taking this Btep by the condition of his cash-box or bank account If sound . commercial principles like these were followed by our church committees, and other builders of public institutions, there would be no need for bazaars, though the churches and in stitutions would still be built. The only difference between what is achieved now and what would be the result then would be, that a little delay would arise in toe opera tion, but trade would avoid the continued injury it now sustains, and this would be some compensation for the postponement, while toe buildings would be erected on a sound financial basis, which would be another. Still more, toe persons inter ested in the new buildings would then" avoid bo much of their -revenues being frittered away in interest on the prin cipal invested in toe bricks and mortar of which toey are composed. It is scarcely necessary, however, to go so deeply into the subject as this, to show that too many- bazaars in a community, like too much of anything else,-- are a - mistake. . The plain fact of toe 4»se is that just so mnch money as is epent at them is ' diverted from the ordinary dutnnpilM of trade, »pd in time the whole community must suffer by the diver sion. A continued Btring of them is an in justice to all tradesmen, though out of respect for toe object in view, toe victims grin and bear it in silence. The time has now come, however, when we think Ballarat should take a rest from these excrescences. The town could stand one or two a year, and appreciably be none toe worse for them. But when it comes to one after toe other with such express-train speed as we have had during the last year or two, and sometimes two going on at the same time, tradespeople may be pardoned for object ing to toe lottery-box, and also for calling out at the top of their voice, " Hold, enough." Our own opinion still further is that these bazaars have a tendency to dry up the well of benevolence ; in other words, to encourage people to depend more on such factitious means to support their churches and charitable institutions than npon their own private efforts to that end. They fail to bring the hearts of the donors into direct contact with the object to be served, and are therefore, however viewed, a decided mistake. The question of mining in Ballarat East was considered last night at a special committee meeting of the whole council. The deputation which waited on the council the previous evening from the property-holders in Bridge street was again introduced, and urged that the land exempted from mining in 1869 should now he protected from such operations. Representatives from the Go-ahead Company were also present in support.of their application for permission to mine under certain streets, way rights, &c.; This ap plication was opposed on behalf ot the Old Gravel Pits Company, on the ground that that company had a prior claim, which originated five or six years ago. The council then proceeded to consider the entire matter, and after a long discussion, agreed to the following:— The Market Reserve at the rear of Bridge street, to be open for mining within the following boundaries, viz : — 300 feet from the rear ot the north line of the allotments in Bridge street, 100 feet from the Alfred Hall, 150 feet from the side of the Yarrowee channel, and 50 feet from all the other streets surrounding the Market square; all the rest of the land exempted from mining by Government proclama tion in 1869 to be held intact from mining. The Dana street reserve to be open for mining within 50 feet of all the streets surrounding the square. No street, way right, nor channel to be mined upon or under. The conditions for mining on the Market square reserve to be drawn up and sub mitted to the council at its meeting on Friday night. We were shown yesterday a petition to the hon. the Minister of Railways, praying that the coal trucks now used to bring firewood from Lal Lal and Buninyong into Ballarat may be withdrawn in favor of the old trucks, which were found con- venient for the purpose. The petition up to last night had been signed by eighty persons interested in the traffic. During the past week or two the crops in the Bungaree district have for the most part assumed a very promising appearance. Those later sown especially appear exceedingly healthy, and give indications of an abundant harvest; and on the whole there is little reason to doubt that the average per acre this year will be fully 25 per cent. larger than it was last year. The monthly meeting ot the Orphan Asylum committee was held last night, when, on account of the state of the finances, it was deemed neces sary to hold over for a month sixteen new appli- cations for the admission of children. The over- draft at the bank is now £1983, whilst the limit allowed by the bank is £2000, so that unless something satisfactory be heard from the hon. the Treasurer very soon in reference to the grant-in-aid, the institution will be in a state of bankruptcy. Mr Charles Bright, of Melbourne, has con sented to lecture shortly in aid of the Ballarat charities, and has named as his subject "Sketches of a Certain Race of Barbarians." Tickets for the lecture will be issued during the week. The Rev. C. Clark, of Melbourne, preached in the Alfred Hall last night to a very large con- gregetion, probably numbering 2000. After the usual introductory devotional exercises, the rev. gentleman gave a very eloquent sermon from Matthew VIII , 7. The collections at the cIose of the service amounted to £23 4s. The proceeds will be devoted to the building funds of the Dawson street and Sebastopol Baptist churches. We believe Mr Clark will remain in Ballarat during the remainder of the present week. The members of the Ballarat Farmers' Club will meet in the Mechanics' Institute, Ballarat, on Saturday, the 16th instant, at eleven o'clock a.m., when a piper will be read by Mr Thomas Bath, of Ceres, on "Irrigation." A dissussion will be held afterwards upon Messrs Scott, Bacchus, and Morton's papers, formerly read before the club. There was very little business done at the Ballanshire Council meeting on Monday beyond striking arate of 1s in the £1, and making ar rangements for the election consequent on Cr Atkinson's resignation. The members present were— Crs Blake, Duncan, Millyard, Tanner, Ryan, Graham, and Cantwell. At four o'clock on Tuesday the principal of Grenville College called the pupils into the lecture- hall of the college, and announced to them publicly his intention of accepting the oppoint- ment of head master of the Hamilton and Western District College. Mr Wall said in addi- tion that he had no intention of leaving Ballarat btfore the midsummer holidays, and that he hoped that the gentleman who had founded the college, and carried it on successfully for many years, would again return to Ballarat, and resume his old and valued duties as principal. The third quarterly meeting of the City Fire Brigade was held last night, but owing to the lateness of the hour into which the meeting was prolonged, the secretary's report was not finally completed, and will appear in our next issue. The adjourned meeting of the Water Committee will be held in the Eastern Town Hall on Thurs day evening, at half past seven. The notice paper has already been published in our columns. The Bungaree pound having been re-gazetted, will be opened again shortly. The shire council, at their meeting yesterday re- appointed Mr Thomas Bentley poundkeeper, and adopted a re solution that the pound should be opened on his appointment being gazetted. A report of the pro- ceedings of the council will be found in another column. The Gawler Times says that takeall is making its appearance, and that several sickly yellow- looking patches are about Sandy Creek and in the neighborhood of Lyndoch, A sudden death from choking occurred on Wed nesday in Wendouree parade east. A little girl, six years of age, named Selina Sillman, was sit ting with her parents at dinner when a piece of potato stuck in her throat. Efforts were made to extract it, but without avail, and the girl died within a few minutes. Yesterday the district coroner held an inquest on the body, when a ver dict was returned of death from suffocation under the circumstances narrated. The only business before the City Bench yes terday morning was a few civil cases of minor importance. Concerts were given on Setpzday and Monday evenings at Apollo Hall, C!unes, by tbe members of the volunteer baud and come amateur stagers, in aid of tbe Accident Belief Facd. They were very successful both as regards the attendance end the performance. The proceeds were about £30. This fund, established many years ago by und for the benefit of the -miners, hss been a enures of independent relief end incalculable co-nfort to hundreds who would but for it have suffered want and. anguish in addition to their Other painful hurts. Owing, however, to the Tery liberal benefits extended to the memb ra cf late, end the unexpected decrease in their num ber, the fand bee diminished so ae to require lUhiicbelp. . Tbe reports of Colonel Bankcy on tbe various schemes for toe water supply of toe colony have been under the consideration of toe Ministry. It is determined (stys toe 'Age) to appoint a pro fessional board, at which Ml -toe papers prepared by Colonel Sankey Bball be submitted.' Thfe board will be entrusted with toe duty of drawing np from the numerous reports a aeries of recom mendations as to the future conducting of our national waterworks. The gentlemen who will be requested to act on the board are Messrs T. Higinbotbsm, Wardell, and Dobson . "Whatever advice these gentlemen may tender wQI be in all probability followed by the Ministry. The Geelong Advertiser is a modest publication. The latest bint thrown ont is that toe Cerberus ehapld be: stationed in Corio Bay to protect Gee long,' whilst Melbourne abould be content with the Nelson. Tbe notion Is certainly s very moderate one.: . A case of wandering and privation, is tons re ported by the Gippsland Mercury: — " On Friday Isst.aS the eteamer was sktUug oht of Corner Inlet,' . toe peoyle 03 board saw two men on toe right- bend aide, up in tbe mountains, apparently making signals c"M. distress. A boat woe put off to their assistance, and they were brought on board. Tbey were "much exhausted with imager and cold, but. .-recovered on baring stimulants and food given to them. They had been prospecting in toe ranges, btd lived tone days' on mussels, and, bad toey not been picked np, wonld not In their exhausted state, have been able to retch bumsn habitations, which were three or four bouts' sail from tbe place where the people on toe steamer saw them." A singular case of destructiveneu is reported by toe South Australian Advertiser, as follows: — On Wednesday night, one of ' the rooms of the workshops at the Adelaide Railway Station was entered, and all the books destroyed, with the exception of one volume — toe time-book, a record of what is doe to each workman. The Govern ment have offered £100 for the discovery of the offender or offenders. A man named Bryan died at Tories, South Australia, lost week, at the great egeof 104 years. The festive bachelors have managed the financial matters connected with their late ball so well that a balance of ova £8 rem«lni on bond. This le to be banded over to toe Ladies' Benevolent Clothing Society. The success of the Clnnei School of Design has has hitherto been most unqualified. There are now seventy-two pupils on tbe books, most of whom are qnite enthusiastic is their studies So well have manyoftoem got on, that Mr Broun haB accepted a number of their works as contribu tions to the art stall in the Ballarat Mechanics' Institute Bazaar. It is anticipated that there will be a further increase io the roll at toe beginning of next month, when the new qnarter commences. The secretory, Mr Batson, has received from the Inspector of Schools under toe Technological Commission, six cords containing toe principles of decorative art, which have been reprinted from a publication by a London Society of Arte. They are to be framed and bang on the walls of the school. Tbe feme of toe fortune-telling machine now being exhibited in the Mechanics', and which has earned so many sixpences et our different bazaars, has reached Talbot. At a meeting of the Amherst Hospital Fete Committee held last Fri day "Mr Per els suggested toe procuring of a novelty in toe shape of ; fortnne-teUing machine,' at present exhibited at tbe bazaar in Bellarat, end deacribsd sb being a moBt unique and clever piece of mechanism, as well as a satisfactory sonrce of income to toe object for the aid of which it was used. The euggestios was thought a good one, and the assistant secretary was instructed to communicate with Mr Claxtoo, the secretary of toe BaUant btzau, and tf quest in formation as to terms, &c.;, on which the use of it could be obtafued for the idle." The Age stys that Mr Trollope has consented to deliver a lecture io Melbourne to behalf of toe Caxton Centenary fand on bli return from Queens land, about toe end of November. The second edition, the first of 2000 copies having been sold out, of' Mr Curtie' lecture on "Natural Immortality," bee been sent us by Mr George Robertson, tiro Melbourne publisher. We | have already noticed this procnctioa, and there fore need not refer farther to it now. The committee of the Orphan Asylum, Bt their meeting last night, gave a cordial vote of thanks to the committee of tbe Mechanics' Institute for tbe treat they afforded the children daring their ritittotoe bazur. A miner at toe Prince of Wales claim, named Hugh Dougherty, whilst going down toe abaft yesterday was struck "by toe cage, and his knee was put out of joint/ He was conveyed to toe Hospital. A man turned James Miles, a rest- dent of Cobblers, who was found near toe gaol yesterday afternoon, and who appeared to be very 111, was also token to toe Hospital. The Loyal City Britannia Lodge, No. 9. of toe Protestant Alliance Friendly Society met at Boyd's St. Andrew hotel, Armstrong street last night, when a large number of new members were enrolled, including many of our most respectable citizens. The Botanical Gardens are beginning to give proofs of approaching spring, many of the native efarnba and early exotics being how in bloom; the former giving a rich fragrance to toe air. The plane-tree walk, when finished, will add much to the attractions of toe grounds,' and will soon be in a fit state for pedestrians to traverse the entire length. A large 'possum wuu killed in one of the trees on Saturday, by Mr Longley'e assistant, which proves that toe rabbits are not toe only destroyers of tender plants. The Government (writes the Age) have under taken the cost ot importing fresh silver currency into the colony. Advices for this purpose were sent home by the mall. Tbe banks, however, will not obtain the new oofns in lieu of toe old worn out ones free of coBt. All institutions de sirous of having tbe newly-minted silver will have to pay a premium on toe exchange of the defaced and worn-out coinage for it. The export of Navy mess beef, upon the Dublin system, hie been commenced (says toe Telegraph) by Messrs Thomas Dixoa and Co., of Lonsdale street west. There is nothing in toe Bhape of novelty in toe mode of coring which is adopted; but the price ef stock being at the present time bo low in toe Melbourne market; it has been found to answer well to eend home salted beef to compete in toe English market. The meet is carefully packed in tierces, each containing 304 lb wright, and proper precaution is taken to select tione but toe' best pieces. Mr Van Hetnert, who is manager of tiro works, fats had luge practice in the business, both in this colony and in the old country. ; An extraordinary porcine narrative comes to fas from a resident at Amherst, and one so strange ttoat were we not folly convinced of the reliability »f our information, we should not believe the facta, which are or f oUowb . About four weeks ago one «t two sows owned by cor informant had her first (litter of seven pigs, and died very aoon after. A second bow in too came piggery, in an interesting condition for the first time, bnt wbont a month -from the full period of gestation, took the seven ;orphan porkers, suckled them, end still continues ito do eo, though title lest day or two she hoe .seemed to feel the fulness ot time approaching, and has treated toe orphans rather nnceremo- niouily; tons leading toe owner to enppose she does not mean to do double duty when her own .tribe of suckers put In an appearance. By announcement in our advertising columns it will be seen that classes of the School of Design at the Mechonica'Institute will not be held this week, on account of the rooms being all occnpied. 