SPIRITISM. (To the Editor of the Bcndifro Advertiser,) SIR,— Your correspomlent " G." may bo regarded as a fair typo of those wlio attack Spiritism, flo , evidently knows little or nothing of what he ven tures to condemn; anil prejudice appears to exercise too dominant a sway over him to allow him to investigate the subject. He speaks of Mr. Jones' •' well sustained description of alt that U known on the subject of Spiritism." Tho italics aro mine. Ko writer with a tolerable knowledge of Spiritism could have honestly panned that statement. The fact is that instead of Mr. Jones giving a " description of all that is known on tho subject," he confessed that be knew absolutely nothing about it, from personal investigation or experience; and liail only gleane.l a little from the testimony of others. Hence the mystery to most of those who heard him was—svhy lie had taken up the subject at all, unless it was simply to "draw." He did tho movement no barm, however. If he did not express a belief in Spiritism, lie apparently felt that he could not dis prove it, and therefore wisely abstained from making the attempt. But he stated a few startling facts which are far better attested than half the strange things of other kinds, which the public re ceive without a question. The fact of so many remarkable phenomena occurring in nearly all parts of the world, and being attested, often by persons equally eminent for their discrimina ting judgment and honesty of purpose, surely ought to induce anti-spiritists to at least suspend their judgment for a while, if they do not wish to investigate the matter. Will anyone assert that the millions of intelligent people who solemnly affirm that they have seen phenomena, which could not be explained by any known law of nature, are wilful deceivers? If not, is it probable that so many persons could themselves be deceived? This diffi culty, which unbelievers have to meet, is far greater than any which the spiritual hypothesis involves. "G." may speak of those who, "for money or to gain influence," resort to tricks of legerdemain ; but if he insinuates that it is true of spiritists, where is bis proof? Does he know that he is impeaching some of the brightest and best men of the present and immediate past ? Imposture thero 110 doubt has been in connection with spiritism, as there is in connection with every other great movement. But, will "G.," or anyone else, charge the great body of spiritists with imposture? If the phe nomena be a reality then, and I submit that an im partial investigation will abundantly prove this, the question of their origin and cause naturally arises. Why are our philosophers not ablo to satisfactorily account for those phenomena? Several of them, from Professor Faraday downwards, have tried, but utterly failed. No sooner has one theory been propounded, than additional facts have compelled its abandonment. Looking at the many kinds of phenomena, the production of which so clearly involves the action of an intelligent personalitj-, what reasonable objection can there be to the hypothesis that that intelligent personality is a spirit? That a large proportion of the phenomena in advanced circles could not possibly emanate from, nor be produced by the modium, or any one taking part in the sccince, can bo proved by the most sceptical; and to attribute them to some " force " in nature is to get out of ono difficulty by plunging into another a thousand times greater, for that would be equiva lent to affirming conscious and intelligent lifo of a material force. Taking a full and impartial view of all tho facts of tho case, I believe it wilt be found that the theory of spirit agency affords tho most simple, philosophical, and scriptural solution of the question. At any rate spiritists will defend their theory till a more rational ono is advanced. Tho explanations which "G" hints at rather than plainly state, aro too self-evidently absurd to need exposing. As to the " challenge" at Mr. Jones's lecture, it is enough to reply that Bpiritists had a satisfactory reason for giving "no response;" but that reason was neither cowardice, nor any misgiv ing as to the soundness of their position. "Whether tho " biographers of Wesley" resorted to " a tack to obtain readers," (the trick of inserting ghost stories), and whether Lord Brougham's deliberate statement about an apparition seen by himself " is totally unworthy of belief," I leavo others to judge. Can "G" prove his charge against Wesley's biographers ? My letter being already too long, I will only add that the best thine those who havo any doubts about the truth of spiritism can do is to fully and honestly investigate the subjoct for themselves. Then, and not till then, will they be qualified to pass iudement unrm if 5fch October. SPIRITIST. 