THE COUNTRY. i ,i i BALLARAT. (from our own correspondent.) Thursday, 13th July. : The election campaign is still going on, and Mr. Finch, im seems determined to stand the casting of the die. , Charley also purposes to open up a little light on tho proceedings of Messrs. Clarke ana Glonny, and with a view w give sue puoiic somo racy intormation ot tho plots carried on by these two worthies; when thoir henchman, Mr, C. E. Jones, was the .matt elected to : carry out their- little games in the House, he holds a meeting on Saturday evening, at' the Town Hall, Bal larat East when, no doubt, unless tho matter is squared beforehand, we shall hear somd strange thingsjrcapecting the manner in which prior olootions were conducted, and porhaps be let into the secret why Mr.- Clarke and his friends preferred a man of anch doubtful political honesty as Mr. Jones- to Mri' Vale; upon whose character for honesty, whatever else may be' his fanlts, no .slur has ovor rested, i People aro beginning tp talk as t6 tho reason why Bogus and his clique are so op posed to having a man returned for Ballarat East' who does not hold his seat at their will and pleasure. The city certainly has noyer, obtained much from her formor mem bers, therefore the benefits reaped must have bppn.persenal ones, : which wont to supply the wants of Mr. Clarko and his friends, but the game is at lost seen through, ; and against tho names of Glonny and Co. may be written IcHabod.. t : " Spiritualism is not confined to the Euro'- poans in Victoria, as the following extract from the Star shows that tho fchildren of . this Flowery Land are subjected sometimes to ghostly visitations.: — " Sergeant Larnerhas ' been callod npon to act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago 1 Ah Ccon, who' some years, since noted, as ; Chtnosb; interpreter at Ballarat, .waited bn the sergeant to ask his advico upon a ! very Berions .matter. . . Ah Coon 'stated that one night he was asleep' in his hut at Golden Feint, when- he wan aroused' by a/tapping at the door. He got ont . of bed, and looking -out, "-saw, vanishing ;.'.in the darkness, a misty row of figures, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing whito robes. Ah Coon wondered, bnt seeing nothing more retnrncd to his- slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and thiB time when Ah Coon went to tho door, ho says tho figures, were more distinct, and . he saw the proces sion was headed by the shade of an; old Chinaman, with a long white beard. Again tho procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returaed tronbled to bed, and again the knooking was resumed. This timo Ah Coon pondered before he. oponed the door. He was sure his visitors were from another world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever mode any promises to tho dead and loft them unful filled. He suddenly recollected that when the cemetery authorities had, on account of the danger, objected "to the burning of paper over the Chinese graveB in the cemetery, he had promised to nave a small fire-place and chimney orectcd there, for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed- . This promise ho had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visit of the ghosts." Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah Coon went to the door and found the ghosts drawn up in a somicirclo before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising to have the' ohimney erected, and apologising for bringing thom out in such woather. Immediately the ghosts vanished. All Coon has bailt the -chimney, and .fire place, and has since slept"undisturbed.. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant' of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his Bhoulder, and when he opened his eyes, ho. saw a largo cat with a white breast, standing beside him. He know, from the cat's behavior, that it was not of this earth, bnt it did not appear to understand Chinese when.-he addressed it- 'in that language, . and the animal also ap peared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered that in China, tho land of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils. As this cat conld Rot or would not apeak, Ah' .Coon wanted it to ' Write ' its requests or, complaints, but thero ' was a dif- ficulty , about holding ' the .pen. Chi-r nes'e. ingenuity, however, . soon, overcame all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron tea tray, ' and haying Bmeared it ovor with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white-breasted cat understood at once. With ono of its paws- it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea;' tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman,, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near CreBwick. ; It asked Ah Coon to have the - body removed- from tho claim, and decently buried, and b®fi6efhat if such a thing as an inqueBt was held the body might not bo mutilated. The cat then molted away- into thin .air, and iAli Coon slept. The next morning he states that he rode to' Long Gully, -found the body as described, and had it buried nfter an; in quest, at which there waa no postmortom examination," .'had bkn held. Ah Ooon wanted "tho sergeant to advise him aa to \vhat; ho Bhould do in tho event of another visit of' the same kind, but learner informed him that the thing was 1 out' of his line. 1 " Mining matters are not over brisk, the talk of the . Corner being devoted in a great measure to politics. An attempt Was made JjO hp'a meeting yesterday, in the United Albion- salting case,- but somehow or other . nothing further of publio interest transpired. -Th'e chairman said it appeared' that the com mittee had doueall they; could, and it led 'to nothing. No important » transactions -in- aharea had been discovered, and. there -was nothing in the hank accounts of the persons supposed to be implicated; that revealed any-1 thing more than the usual state of affairs.— Ther : Sldr -reports. On, -..Wednesday,'. Winter's. Freehold had; ; most .attention, paid to tHem, and . bad, a good, mam? transactions at rates rising from «C17 -to .£17, 12s .61, and ( .closing at JV5- jBonshaw had buyers at , 1 -hothair,, Clones, were dealt. in at ,£1 ro i Princo of Wales had Bales up to £ . ??«.; wcre a good rdeal easier. Ureat Gulf had business atd3s Gd/and then eased back to 12s. Tookey, Now Zealand, !?«?? 8ai'r®P0lited» iand: wero obtainable \- j NewNorth .Olunes had buyers at. £70, and shares could bo had at £71. , Plunes ' ' Consols stand at £1 12s 6d, without much aomg.'i Jiand and Band are worth. £l0.,for. the double issuer ;Park are at about £3. 5s;. and inactive. Happy Valley, are montioned as having buyers at /£3 15s,, and shares are.' in the market at) £4. Wallaby,. Growler'a' Lreek, promise business at low rates. . .United Albion and Prince of Wales are neglected. A good deal of disappointment was felt at the result of tho labors of the invostimY committee. Somo now think that the m or men who salted the bore missed il" chanoo to sell, and so got no reward f their rasoality. It is to be hoped that tv may bo bo. Band and Albion Consols on»nJj in good demand, and had buyers all d but tho prioo did not advanco. Queen \r' toria had Boilers at I3s. Tho follow; ' salos wore roported : — hand and A lk'® .Oonsol8,-4G8> 45s ; Cluues =Con8ols, 32. fij11 Groat Gulf, "13s-'Gd(13s,- 12«-j Hand-®fi Band, doublo issue, 7 £10": Lothair Cl.,» 19s, 20s, 21s ; Park"; k3 Reform,' HaS' 56s ; - Racecourse, Haddon, lis- Froohold, .£17,- , £17 5s, -£17 10s, .Gd,-£17 7s.6d,'£17 Os £17." ' 12j 