EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH. On Thursday, the 20th of July, the foundation-stone was laid of a new place of worship for the Evangelical Lutheran Church, to be erected on a piece of ground in Flinders-street, purchased for the purpose four years ago. The congregation for, whose service it is intended have been using a building in Light-square, where service is now held, being conducted sometimes by laymen, and at others bjr one or other of several ministers who are stationed in various parts of the colony. It was felt, however, that there ought to be a permanent Minister of the body in the metropolis, and that want is now about to be supplied, instructions having been forwarded some time ago to Germany for a suitable person to be selected. It is expected that by the next mail I advice will be received of the gentleman who has been chosen by those entrusted with the duty. In the meantime steps, which were being initiated and : substantially forwarded by a bazaar last year realizing somewhat over £500, have been progressing for the provision of a sanctuary for the new minister suitable for his ministrations, and at the same time commensurate with the position of lie German Lutheran Church, which we understand to occupy a similar position among the Germans to that of the Anglican Church in England. The new church, which was designed by Mr. James Cumming, is in the early Gothic style, and will be built of dark rubble stone, with rusticated quoins and dressings . of cement. The principal entrance will be in the centre of the front, and through a vestibule under the tower, thence by an inner lobby to the aisles. The total length of the interior is to be 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling 30 feet. At the further end is a dais, on which are the altar and pulpit, both of cedar enriched with bronzed metal-work. A gallery runs across the front of the building, and under this' on each side of the vestibule is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear there will be a hall measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 14 feet in height. The building will be lighted by lancet windows at the sides, and rose windows over the gallery; the gas-lighting chiefly by "starlights" suspended from the ceiling. The church is designed to accommodate between 400 and 500 persons. The present contract, which is taken by Messrs. Brown and Thompson at £2,910, does not include the upper portion of the tower, but the design contemplates the completion of this ultimately by the addition of a bell-chamber and broach spire of a continental character, and rising to a total height of 118 feet from the ground, and which, according to the drawing of the architect, hais a very pretty effect. On Thursday afternoon there were three or four hundred persons 'present, most of whom of course were Germans; but thete were also some others, including representatives of several denominations, who attended to show their goodwill towards their Lutheran brethren. The proceedings were almost entirely in German, the choir, under the direction of Mr. C. Piitt- Hiann, rendering efficient assistance by singing appropriate hymns at intervals. A prayer was first offered by the Rev. C. A. Hensel, Presi- dent of the Evangelical Lutheran Synod; after which, the choir sang the hymn, commencing " Ein' feste Burg ist unser Gott, Ein' gute Wehr und Waff en." The Rev. C. F. A. STREMPEL, of Hahndorf, delivered the opening address, and began by saying that stones were preaching, as they found testified by the Scripture and in their own life. The stone at the Saviour's grave showed forth the great victory of Jesus Christ over death, and fiie stones at Jerusalem testified—" Be not deceived: God is not mocked; for whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap." So Christian life was founded by two stones, the baptismal stone and the gravestone, and those stones preached the mercy and grace of God in both-spiritual and temporal ways. As those stones were preaching, so the foundation-stone they were laying would likewise preach. On it he read three inscriptions, the first the words of Samuel—" Then Samuel took a stone and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Ebenezer." As Samuel said, so they could say with joy repeating his words, and thank God and give honour to Him who made their hearts willing. He here alluded specially te one who had done a great deal for the Church. The Lord had up to the present helped them, and they could trust Him to still help them to finish the work. The second inscription was the saying of God's pilgrim. Jacob, when he awoke—"The stone which I have set for a pillar shall be God's house." Although God did not live in temples made with hands, He would dwell under the praises of TTig people, and they were erecting that sanctuary to the honour of His name. It might be a small stone, and many a one might ask why so much importance was attached to it; but the superstructure would be a great work which, when finished, would be a sign that love and faith in the Lord's Word had not died out amongst them, especially valuable in the present time when spiritual things were so liable to be forgotten for the sake of earthly concerns. Yet he reminded them that handsome churches alone were not sufficient, as the most glorious temple was, and ever would be, the child of God, who was the temple of faithful heart. Of that fact the foundationstone made them aware, as they found the third inscription, Isaiah xxviii. v. 16, "Behold, I lay in Zion a foundation, a tried stone, a precious corner-stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste." The first preaching of Peter was the first fall of the hammer in the celestial building, which reached up into the heavens and to the ends of the earth, and which they had the assurance that the gates of hell could not overcome. In conclusion, he expressed an earnest hope that the members of the congregation might build themselves up as living stones in the spiritual temple of the Lord, and that all the labours of the ministers who officiated within those walls should be based upon the same foundation- Jesus _ Christ—who was alone the means of salvation, for " Neither is there salvation in any other; for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we may be saved." The Rev. P. J. OSTER, of Rosenthal, after a few observations on the importance of the laying of foundation-stones, especially in places of public worship, where they were to gather together for purposes affecting their eternal welfare, then read the document in German -which was to be placed under the stone, and of which the following is the substance. In it it was stated that shortly after the foundation of the colony a few Lutherans gathered together for divine service, and that the first ministers who preached to them were the missionaries, the Rev. Messrs. Teichelmann and Klos€. The little community grew from year to year, and in 1860 the Rev. Mr. Meischel, who came from the East Indies, was appointed their pastor, and the congregation called themselves the Evangelical Lutheran Bethlehem Congregation. They at the same time commenced to hold their services in a small church situated in Waymouthstreet, once in the possession of the Prirriitive Methodists. In 1863 the Rev. Mr. Meischel was appointed to the Church at Mount Gambier, and the Rev. Dr. Loessell took his place in Adelaide. After Dr. Loessell had conducted the services for about four years he and his congregation quarrelled, and a separation took place. Since 1868 the Church has had no regular weekly services, but monthly services have been held by Lutheran ministers from different parts of the colony. The congregation was very desirous of having a minister of their own, and they hoped that by the Lord's blessingtheirendeavours would result in the right preaching of the Word of God and the right performance of the Holy Sacrament. It recited that the congregation consisted of about 25 families, with 150 baptized members, and 70 communicants. Churchwardens, Messrs. J. W. A. Sudholz and S. Weil; Trustees, Messrs. J. W. A. Sudholz, C. Xiihrs, J. Weil, H. A. W. Meyer, and J. H. C. Von Emem; Building Committee, Messrs. J. W. A. Sudholz, J. Weil, and J. Rieger; Contractors, Messrs. Brown & Thompson; Architect, J. Cumming. Another hymn having been sung by the choir, the Rev. C. A. HENSEL, of Blumberg, proceeded to lay the stone, which was then lowered into its place. He then declared:—" I lay this foundation stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." The Rev. C. G. TEICHELMANN advanced to the ifope, and said, "Let the beauty of the Lord cur God be upon us, and establish Thou the work pf our hands upon us ; yea, the work of our hands establish Thou it." The Rev. C. F. A. STREMPEL:—" Therefore, thus saith the Lord God, Behold I lay in Zion for a foundation, a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner-stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste." The Rev. P. J. OSTER :—" Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having- this seal: The Lord knoweth them that are His. And let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." Mr. J. W. A. SUDHOLZ:—"May peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces." Mr. JULIUS WEIL said:—"His foundation is in the holy mountain. The Lord loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob. Glorious things are spoken of thee, City of God. Selah." The following, in addition to the formal documents, were enclosed in a sealed bottle, and laid under the stone:—Current copies of the Register, the Advertiser, the Slid Auslralt&che; Zeitung, and the Tanunda Zeitung of the latest dates; also a copy of the Lutheran Creed and a small carte-de-visite photograph of the church, beside the current coins of the realm. The Rev. C. G. TEICHELMANN then said :—My dear English Mends and fellow-Christians—I have been requested by my brethren in the ministry, though the least among them, to address you on the present occasion in your own mother-tongue, and as I suppose for the sole reason that they consider me a little more conversant with the English language than themselves, though they have far more practice in publicly addressing audiences than I—nor can they affix to my name any of the customary distinguishing capital letters; but I am merely a plain and simple minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, for whom I speak whenever and wherever He bids me. You will not wonder, therefore, should I feel and appear a little embarrassed before you, more particularly knowing that you like and admire eloquence, fine diction, and elocution. But I know also by personal experience that you can listen with patience to a plain English speech of one whose vernacular tongue is not the English. In order to engage your sympathy in our behalf, it seems to me that I must lay before you a few simple statements of our Lutheran faith, whereby you may judge whether you can indeed feel an interest in our welfare as a Church. As Evangelical Lutheran Christians, we believe, teach, and confess that the sole rule and line by which all doctrines and teachers are to be judged and determined are exclusively the prophetical and apostolical writings both of the Old and New Testament; as it is written in the 119th Psalm, v. 105, " Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and alight unto my path." And as St. Paul says in Galatians i. 8, "But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed." But all other symbols (confessions of faith or articles) and quoted writings, whether they be of ancient or modern date, and of whatever name, shall not be considered equal to the Holy Scriptures, but altogether subject to the same, and shall not be received in any other way than as witnesses, in what form after the Apostolie age and in which places the doctrines of the Prophet^ and Apostles have been preserved. They are not to be judges like unto the Holy Scriptures, but a mere testimony and explanation of faith according to which the Holy Scriptures have been understood and explained in controverted articles by those who were then living in the Church of God. and contrary doctrines rejected. We believe and teach that the law of God is binding for all men as a rule and guide for our life and conduct in this world; wherefofe St. Paul says in Rom. iiL 31 that " We do not make void the law of God by faith; yea, we establish it;" and that by the performance of the law we are not justified before God, nor do we thereby receive forgivenness of our sins; as it is written in Gal. iL 17, " By the works of the law shall no flesh be justified." Finally, we believe and teach that wheresoever the Word of God is taught in its purity and unadulterated, and baptism and the Lord's Supper administered and used according to the Holy Scriptures (which two latter ordinances we consider to be means of grace), there is the true Catholic and Apostolic Church, and these three we consider necessary to the unity of the Church, leaving to every separate portion of the Church to adopt whatever form of government they may think expedient, and to use such ceremonies and rites as they may deem edifying, provided these things are not against the Holy Scriptures. Now I ask you what Evangelical Christian amongst you would withhold hi consent to these fundamentals of Christianity? And I ask therefore what Evangelical Christian could withhold his sympathy from us as a Christian community, though we preach the Gospel in our own language ? Who among you would not on these grounds bid us cheerfully God's speed in our work ? Have we not thus far "One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all ?" Should we not therefore " endeavour to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace," knowing that there is but "one body of Christ and one Spirit, even as we are called in one hope of our calling ?" I known by 33 years' sojourn amongst my British fellow-Christians—yea, know by personal and practical experience—that, thanks to God, they are no strangers to such a catholic spirit; that their Christian sympathy and love is not confined to their own section of the Church of -God, but is extending far beyond it. But knowing this as a matter of fact, I ask not merely your sympathy, but also your prayers that God may prosper us, and that not merely in this work of rearing a temple for divine worship, but above all that we may " be builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit. Yea, that we may build ourselves, as lively stones, a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable unto God by Jesus Christ." And is this not our common calling ? Do you not strive after the same end ? Are we not exhorted to pray for all men, and therefore the more so to pray for each other, because as Evangelical Christians we all belong to the household of God. But why need I any longer to impress upon you a duty of love to which you are constrained and taught by the one Spirit, viz., to intercede for the kingdom of Christ? Many a voice of yours I have heard, and often do hear, pleading before the throne of grace, in behalf of those who are labouring in the Lord's vineyard, and in behalf of those among whom they labour. Would these voices exclude us in their prayers ? No, they could not; they will not. Being assured of your sympathy, assured of your intercession, I do not hesitate to solicit also your beneficence or liberality in this undertaking of ours, viz., in erecting a suitable building where we may meet for divine worship. Though we all know that God dwelleth not in temples made by the hand of man, but rather in our hearts ; still it is but becoming that Christians should have a comfortable and convenient house of prayer, where they may meet unitedly to offer up their spiritual sacrifices and praises. Again I say, and that from personal and practical experience, that British Christians are liberal, and always ready and willing to lend a helping hand te other Christians, though they may differ from them in some points. I do not say this to flatter you, but to the honour of the truth and to the glory of God, who worketh in all of us both to will and to do of His good pleasure. In my humble opinion, nothing can sooner or more effectually unite into one flock Christ's scattered and divided sheep than mutual forbearance and fervent practical love one to another. Wherever we see the image of Christ delineated in our fellow-men there we ought to acknowledge a brother in Christ, a child and heir of God and joint heir of Christ, irrespective of whether he be called by others a dissenter, or a denominationalist, or a mere religionist; for in Christ Jesus availeth neither circumcision nor uncircumcision, but faith which worketh by love. It is not by sneering not taunting, not by railing or nicknaming, that we convince our fellow-men of an error; but by the spirit of meekness, considering ourselves subject to error and temptation. Not by those, nor by building upon other men's foundation, much less by anathematizing and persecution, is the Church of God built and His kingdom enlarged; but by letting our light so shine before mep, that they may see our good works and glorify our Father which is in heaven—by preaching repentance and faith in Christ Jesus unto the remission of sins to a world of lost sinners. My dear friends, we have nowadays all cause to gather closer and closer round Christ and Him crucified as our Head, the Captain of our salvation, the Prince and Author of our peace, the sole source of our present and eternal happiness—I say nowadays, where we are living in an age in which the deifying of man is already so much the order of the day, both in Church and State, lest we be led astray by the vain philosophy of men. We all enjoy through the mercy of God religious and civil liberty, in which favourable ground the tree of the Christian faith can and ought to luxuriate and bring much fruit. But let us not forget that this very ground is also favourable to the luxurious growth of the tares, and that they are generally more prolific in bearing, and not unfreauently choke the wheat, unless the wheat is growing so powerfully as to smother the tares. In conclusion, I would remind you that as Evangelical Christians we have a very sacred duty to perform in regard to our own children and to our posterity. Our own children we are commanded to bring up in the fear and nurture of the Lord, to teach them and to lead them on to worship God in spirit and in truth. To posterity we owe the duty that we hand down unto them the oracles of the living God, as they have been delivered unto us by our forefathers, and do not suffer under any pretence that they be wrested from them. Oh that the Lord might say today of every one of us here—(Gen. xviiL 19)— " I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment; that the Lord may bring upon him that which he has spoken of him." May the Lord bring upon us and upon our children all the gracious promises which he has spoken concerning His people. And may our Lord Jesus Christ, the Head of the Church, the firstborn of many brethren, grant that this house may be completed without bodily hurt to those who are going to build it, and may He grant that His Gospel be proclaimed therein in its purity unto the salvation of many sinners; and to Him, with the Father and Holy Spirit, be honour, glory, and adoration now and for ever. Amen. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Oster, another hymn by the choir closed the proceedings, which during the latter part of the time were somewhat interfered with by the rain. A collection made on the ground realized £16 0s. 4d. 