MISCELLANEOUS. I ' Tardy Justice.— tn 1868, two men | (named George Hughes and James j Elliot) were tried at Oapeville for the i serious crime of highway robbery under j armaj and at the District Court held at ' Bowen shortly afterwards sentenced to j twelve years penal servitude. At the time public opinion ran strongly in tavor of1 the condemned men, strengthened by thfejr previous good character and the fact that the principal witness for the prosecution was a Mongolian, unable to Bpe&k; English, but who was a little too certain: in, swearing to the identity of the prisoners. .^?or two weary years the eo.uvicted meni were incarcerated, their punishment rendered even more severe oy tlie knowledge of thqirown innocence; and it is probable that, notwithstanding the numerous memorials forwarded to thfr Colonial Secretary, setting forth the extenuating 'circumstances of the -case, the unfortunate men would have com pleted their eente'noe iiad not Nemesis in the form of a fatal Tairftom a horse olre^akea the., true culprit, at Messrs. Ssde i and Lacy's station , on A.ramac Creek. °'A 1 m^n -teamed Sydney Flood liiydjfitig frptn u severe fracture, When finding that all liope of recovery was passed, he sent for the station owners, and confessed that he and his comrade (S^^e -Gi^isshopper) were the perpe trators. -pt the and in confirma tttmof liis statement, narrated circum -which could only be known to *%' ' pel actually on . the' spot. The depositions are forwarded tfr .Brisbane, afrmic after mature consideration by the «nthoritie^,°the;meii brought before the i^ddischargai. No reparation, 4iowdver1 is made or offered lor the gross -ifito%4hat has been done them— the ^i^ that tiils been pwiuia their name, 'Simply ' ?discharged, : and no doubt they thought no prifee tiiioMgh to |-ay Jtor, thei® liberty, Since that time -'*to&leA; principally on f romtoent 4bs, ,and certainly it igives tjun^nalified satisfaction to us state from our own .i^lfierara^,' iliifit ^tteiriipondnct whilst Ji ^nly, redress left] the injured . iaen ; iaj to legal J ipreoiediup -^Against: the , . r 'Chinaman , who so wilfully andposi 'This bourse they ;haTO«t|a^tlMea^le jto take ?having ^discOTereii ; ihe whereabouts of 4?hSilr bM'ifcfcasAis. 'Our police reports /give the evidence taken in the case of \-- -George Hughes il Ah Wung Gung Woo * fihe Case wasfidjoiiriied for ^nwrttojfiU feeiftbfetined- However, ' remains to bring . a^on^.for T^e'ithprisoaineiit, and that should have Miner. . ??? .-ft I.-.'; li 1 !? . ? ? , . Wha.fc[ v»\'®i^r ^ it if thi|t so many of |:! ;f?:tlWif5eople,,.-caBa'ot read. If $hey recommend for their ^^lisfd'ff^^rtifl^e on the Beform Asso notation of New York. ;''li might possibly jafeet «f'0^eniag theireyesto #dA «£ms of many who desig f* 4;fae people's friends par excellence — men who are 'ever proclaim' which is ?compelling them to sacrijice their time ~ iandiUilenf8 ln the sprvice ofiheir fellow \- :;-^toOir&£iiB of New. York, pluuder :,rlM'^ppBespirig it without mercy, ina corruption , .'judges, 'and ihe isq^^uddArdiasters' of reckless ruffians, ofiiyersalsuffrage. hom the testimony of their country v«jgr incarnation^ of of ithe jfopuc m^ex asvihey do not poqket ^M^-^^i?ifeining , themselves And , r jfcrfcym j»we£, an& prostitute. the civic pai^M^lo theeamerendL- They p'ro po»e tojjfws. a ji-w virtually legalising personation, jelying on their control * W«ra^vi ^utho^ies to , see ^that jthe — ?jrivilege4B-only ciercised in theirfaVor Ifthey S&iui; maiiage it, nine-tenths of ' the education fund will be apportioned tocSie.Gafiholic fishools as it bribe to se 'Tfoare tne undivided vote oi tnat denomi ^TDpiD^4nd th^e 'appeara to be no end °il5-^ttt«iei lawl^B&ness;, either ^present or f /would J advise* jthe T ; ! ym$afig men of 'this icbiuntij^ whenever cidniM °1iefore - 4liem fllittering 0jr^eft*amigf, to ''mislead tK idEork-Bisg, and learn from it how demo cratic institutions tnay be perfected to 'Vii 'depeia dpon-i |g fonnd gushing i over JW iik admiration and afteetion for ~ ihe working classes, and is anxious to t .MHwees oi^them^ihiat they are the jsole | ' q|miBi^o^s ^ intelligence and virtue, ! on their pocliets, J&Baet; directly or indirectly, and in ^ro ' ceiBfltof time,:if opportunity should offer ?^Wift'-NaBe their own money to subvert th^yiji^grties. , Better tp live under an . ^ntooratio &dvernment; even than, as in pay a set of: thieves to oppress you. — Australasian. *:««ntteman in neighborhood — the correctness of i whose information may be relied on — that in the colony of Western Australia being cairied on in a very v^^piffl^Wn^^er. During the last ^ear tfboat 75 fohs of pearl shells, worth from : £190 to «£2Q0 per ton, have been secured. ri(UBtd itbe value of the pearls found. H' inihe sbaUs is estimated at £1500; but' :^teyt:^hifc will probably re&lise; much jfii^jcwiiig' men engaged ' ,«V prpfitable Jarguit are now im rpdcting Maiay divers is- preference to * aboriginals hitherto employed. *® ?,«-? VJyope the colonising jBnergy of the ' i^nr: Darling Downs ' ^ hiu beed the creative cause ^peho-Hvaole tnat the pearl fishers of AtLstrali&-owe some of the Buccess pf thw new industry to the land- bene ^ €wi§ofrof that distant colony. — Wartmbk* Argut. Mb. Habe's system of totality repre sentation is rapidly gaining ground in America, and is meeting with increased 1 favor from all classes of politicians. It has been adopted in the state of Illinois, where its operation is found to give Rati fifafit, ion to both ranublicans and democrats. It is now demanded by the state of South Carolina, where the sixty I thousand white voters are virtually disfranchised because the 90,000 negro voters monopolize the representation. A striking illustration of the fair and equitable manner in which the principle works has just been presented at the municipal election for the town of Bloomsburg, which has been conducted upon Mr. Hare's plan. Under the old method of majority voting, it is believed that the entire ' ^Republican ' ticket' would have been elected. As it is how ever, the new council, elected on the 12th of April last, and composed of six members and a president, comprises four democrats, two republicans, and one republican working man, and this represents with approximate accuracy the division of parties in the town. All the borough officers-r-the assessors of taxes, school directors, constables and town officers are eleoted by this ' free vote,' as the Americans call it, and we are assured, on the authority of Senator Biickalew, Mr. Hare's most zefilous dis ciple in Congress, that ' It has secured for the town government throughout the most competent and excellent men. . . To a erreat extent, unauestionably. reformed administration, peaceful and cheap elections, and general good feel ing in the town, have been secured by the free vote.' Moreover, while it as sures to the working class its legitimate share of municipal power, it prevents it from turning the scale between the main parties, so as to deprive one of these of all share in the representation, while it almost entirely destroys the ?motiveto purchase side' parties, or fac tions, or floating votes. — Australasian. Frightful Ravages of Yellow Feveb. — A telegram dated Buenos Ayres, April 11, says : — ?' The city is in a la mentable state. Yellow fever is raging with unabated violence, the deaths for the past four days have be.enr 1800 out of a population of 70,0(30 left in the city. Upwards of 12,000 have died from the epidemic since January. All Govern ment offices and banks; opened for a short time only during the day. Nu merous houses and stores closed. Business nearly stopped in dry goods. Salted hides no sales ; wool limited. The exports will be short, as the market is deserted by buyers and sellers. Ex change on London, 50£,', Another telegram dated Buenos Ayres, April 14, says : — ' The banks, -Oustom-house, all public offices are closed on account of the frightful ravages of yellow fever. Business is suspended and the deserted.' On Thursday a public meeting was held in the London Tavern, to express sym pathy with the inhabitants . of Buenos Ayres under the sufferings which they have sustained by the recent epidemic. Mr. T. Baring, M.P., presided, and was supported by Mr. Bobinson, M.P., Mr. Alfred de Rothschild, Mr. Weguelin, and other gentlemen. Resolutions ex pressing the feeling of the meeting, and authorising the opening of a subscription list and the appointment of a committee, were passed.' The Trans- Continental Telegbaph. — -The South Australian Register has the following: — 'By 'tlie Northern mail which arrived on Wednesday, 12th July, Mr. Todd received news from the Peake. Mr.'Babbage, writing on the 80th June, states, that he had laid out the whole of Mr, ...Bagot's contract for 514 miles. Tbe health of the parties was excellent. He had been as far as latitude 26°40, ar^d was laying out the line as he re turned. The flour -in tins was being injured throngh' iBome chemical action inside the packages. Mr. Boucaut, the sub-overseer of Mr. Bagot's con struction party, wrote' from Mount Margaret on 3rd July, and from his re port it appears that the work was pro gressing^ rather slowly, owing to the : posts not arriving fast enough to keep the expedition employed. Only 25 piles of poles had been erected during the ilast month, and there were yet 150 miles to. be done, but it was expected that greater progress would be made duringfthe ensuing month. A series of meteorological ' observations have been kept at the Pealce from the commence ment of its establishment as a depot, and from these we gather that the highest temperature recorded in June was 85% 'and the lowest 'S3-. The ; quantity of rain had fallen off very much, but there had been slight showers on the 15th and 16th ApriL From Mr. J. Bounseveli; who has just returned to town, we learn that 440 miles of poles had been erected when he left the line, and that 150 miles had been wired. All | the wire had reached its destination, and only needed fixing.. Mr. Bagot's parties were opening fresh pieces of line every week, and had done over 50 miles per month. It is, he says, also reported that Mr. Babbage will be sent to the northern end of seetion E, whence he is to take~a number of waggons, which are now delivering their loads on the route, : and make a 'flying survey of the line, i tracking in as fax as the Roper.' A Singulae Phenomenon. — Some thing almost like a ghost story, but which seems to be told by a cautious in telligent observer, has been exciting at tention in Strathaibyn, and is thus re lated to the Southern Argus by Mr. W. T. Tregalgas Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive whieh I cannot aeeount for, I i was induced to walk through the bury- - ing ground, and coming to a grave sur rounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of' slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could dis tinctly .trace the he&d; and body and the eferts, apparently full size. Not- being . (sfj^sfied wit^i the sight I rubbed my jiand on the form, and found that por tion of the slate wap jnerfeotly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen ; aud still not being satisfied, I walked away aud came back in about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form was there, so I determined upon visiting it again next morning; which I did, and continued doiug so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning ; but not being a believer in supernatural appear ances I tried to define the cause but failed. In the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance and perhaps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, for although many things have been advanced by people as to the probable causes, none seem satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye-witnesses of the sight. .Of a similar character is the following extraordinary story, which is j given in the Court Journal of 6th May : ' ' All have read with horror of the bar barous murder committed on a young and extremely well favored girl — a child one might say — nigh on 17 years old, at Eltham in Kent. The painful subject is referred to in consequence of a very extraordinary circumstance connected with the girl's death. The girl expired at Ouy's Hospital at 9 o'clock on Sun day- night. A doctor a nurse and a de tective policeman were in the room at the time, and they all concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the win dow close to the bed on which the mur dered girl lay. This mysterious appa parition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached the window, which, by the way, is about 50 feet from the ground. Of course there was no one there. There were no means by which the window could be reached from the street save by a ladder, and ladder there was none.' *? Bbbkglet Sept., 1869. — Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for th'e great benefit I have derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, ' Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills.* I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit «f those who may thus be afflicted. I &m;, sir, yours truly. Hensy Allpass. — To the Proprietors of Nor ton's Camomile Pius.' Maravilla Cocoa- — For Breakfast. — The Globe says: — ?? Various importers and manu .factnrers have attempted to attain a reptitat tiotf for their prepared Cocoas, but we doub whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers dis covered the extraordinary qualities of ? Mara villa' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation ~t'o this finest of all species of the Theobroma they have-produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the . market. Entire soK&ility;, a delicate aroma and a rare concentration of the purest elet meats a f nutrition, distinguish the Maravills Cocoa above all others. For homoeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may1 be had Taylor Brothers* Original Homce pathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam* Mills — Brick Lane. London 