YANKEE ORATOR ON CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. 'Park following mutton was delivered house where in Wisconsin by one of the profession, who would seem to have a unto an aversion to capital punishment -" May it please your Lui dash)) and Gentlemen of the J my,- the ( case is as clear as too, and sharp to the point us 'No' from your sweetheart 'The Scripture saith, ' thou shalt not kill ' Now, if you hang my eli it, you transgress the command us slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a comforts face Gentlemen, murder a murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen, or by an humble individual like my c lent Gentle men, I do not deny the fact of my client liming kills d a man , but is that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen. You may hang the prisoner in 'guilty,' the hangman Pray do his duty, but will that exonerate you? No such thing! in that case you will be murderers Who among you is proposed for the hi end of Cun to be stamped on his blow to day 1 Who firemen who in this land of liberty and light 1 Gen (lemon, I will pledge my word not one of you bus a bowie knife or it pistol in his pocket No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience , but lying my unfortunate client, and the scaly Jh.; dora of remorse "ill gallop through the internal principles of animal verlohne, until the spinal vertebrae of you announced construction is lime into a shroud for the grim and gory feeling of despair, Qeiitleiiun beware of committing murder' Bowaru I Buy, of meddling with the terms! pro relative '-beware, leay Remember the fate of the man who attempt lost I, the ark, and tremble Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the mane lotted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder' I adjure you, by the name of woman, the tickling simples of of time's then noticed transmigration, to di no murder' I u Ipiro you, by the love you is no for the soul but had condiment al gusto of our native pump It in, to do no in under' to Ipil of you, by the American I a sale, that whipped the um, es "al games c rest of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of lime's illustrious transmigration to do no murder " And, lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long tailed coats, if you over export from dogs not to bark at you, if you over expect to wear boots made of the fine lode of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and, To sum up all, if you over expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut the outer], braided small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinotilnlity, acquit my client, and save your country "-'The prisoner was acquitted A flat in bankruptcy has been opened against Elma Emily Lady Don, who for the past twelve months have been less of the 'Theatre Royal, Nottingham Her ladyship is "oil line on in theatrical circles, having pi and in all parts of the world, and previous to his marriage with the late Sir William Don, suit, was Miss Emily sailors Her habits are stat d to be considerable, time her uesute small , PuiVhN-riNO Russia make an improved and rust composition, Mr. R J. Powell, of B mingham, takes coal parts of Russia. tal law and the grey matter obtained by the still a o. of Green, oil, and all. I ant. factor in Uo fuses the sun! t allow and grouse ?n,..iJui in a vessel heated by steam or hot water, used to and. 100lbs of the mixture in his J lbs of mercurial ointment and 1 lb. of lampblack He first mile and the highly in consecrates the tallow and gone before adding the other ingredients, and when the whole is thoroughly interpolated tim compositions either east into blocks of m is. a of a convenient size, or allowed to cool in the vessel in which it is made, and afterwards removed. 