THE FRENCH NATIONAL GUARD. (Daily Telegraph) PALEY, in a curious passage, expresses grave doubts as to the advisability of putting arms into the hands of the civil population, lest they should be tempted to rise in rebellion against their lawful Sovereign. The philosophical Archdeacon's words were penned long before the occur rence of an event which might have seemed triumphantly to refute his reasoning; for in 1802 the enrolment of a gigantic Volun teer force offered convincing proof—at a time, too, when ultra-Democratic senti ments, imported from France, were rife in England—that ardent attachment to the constitutional liberties of the country could be combined with devoted personal loyalty to the Monarch. Yet, on the other hand, Paley's caveat was penned not long before a convulsion of whose most remarkable episodes one seemed especially to substan tiate his misgivings. The National Guard was the darling child of the first days of French revolution; but that Guard, de generated and depraved, became one of the main external causes which led to the overthrow of the Monarchy, and estab lished on its ruins a hideous reign of anar chy. The origin of the Guard was un doubtedly due to Lafayette—the "cox comb of Democracy "—who had presum ably brought from America the idea of a permanent popular force, such as the Federal Militia, fully armed and carefully drilled, and destined to replace that hated institution, a standing army. On their own professional soldiery the French looked with equal disgust and terror. They at once feared and detested those Swiss mer cenaries on whom subsequently they took such terrible vengeance. They were sick of the Grey Musketeers and the Black Musketeers, and the Regiment of Royale- Cravate and the Regiment of Royal- Allemand. By the establishment of a Volunteer Army they hoped to abolish for ever the tyranny of the Praetorians; little dreaming that in less than twenty years their adored National Guard would exist only in name, and that the Lieu tenant of Artillery fated to become their ruler would possess a standing army of half a million of men. The French National Guard which the Party of Order is so eagerly pressing M. Thiers to dissolve, but of which the veteran statesman seems reluctant to sign the death warrant, has beenabolished and resuscitated over and over again. It has had already as many lives as a cat; and there is no knowing to what additional point its vitality may stretch. The pet and plaything of Lafayette, it soon grew too formidable and insubordinate to be controlled by that un stable politician. Now under the com mand of the brewer Santerre, or the butcher Henriot—now known as " Municipals," as " Sectionaries," or "Urbans"—the dregs of the legions that made so brilliant a show, in their brand-new uniforms, at the Fes tival of the Federation of the Champ de Mars, participated in every excess and in every orgy which disgraced the days of the Convention and the early period of the Directory. The remnants of the discredited force disappeared amid the sulphurous smoke of the 18th Brumaire ; and, although under the Consulate and the First Empire it preserved some phantom appearance of guard-houses, some shadowy simulacrum of a head- quarters staff in the Place Vendome, there was no more a real National Guard in Paris than there was a corps of Cent Suisses. Strangely enough in 1814, when the Empire collapsed and the Allies were at the gates of Paris, the National Guard emerged from its sepulchre to defend the cause of the very man who had consigned it to the tomb. Those who set the galvanised corpse in motion were supposed to be the Jacobins, who incited the Guards to insurrection, not because they loved Napoleon, but because they hated the Bourbons. Under the First Restoration the National Guard was snubbed, and in deed all but suppressed. During the hun dred days, under the guise of " Federes," half-armed and wholly undisciplined, they formed a ragged escort to the returned despot, and howled Imperialist versions of the " Carmagnole" under the windows of the Tuileries. There was, however, a Conservative element amongst them. Na tional Guards did exist who possessed ser viceable weapons and decent uniforms, and were " Friends of Order." These gentle men lay perdu until Waterloo was fought; but when the Corsican had been definitively overthrown, and the Bourbons and the Allies returned to Paris, the " Friends of Or der" once more came forth into the light They were not much enamored of the white cockade; they had no particular animosity against the tricolor; they were mainly anxious to save their shops from pillage, their wives and daughters from insult; and they really did such good ser vice in preserving internal peace during the occupation of the Allies, that it was common to see a National Guard standing sentry on one side of the gates of the Louvre or the Hotel de Ville, while a British Grenadier or a Prussian rifleman mounted guard on the other. Under the Second Restoration, every effort was made to convert the National Guard into a "respectable" force; and, although its loeial status was slightly impaired !in 1818 by the discovery that a returned convict, calling himself Pon tis de Ste. Helene, had contrived to become Colonel of the second Legion of the Seine, the Revolution of July, 1830, found the National Guard—at least in Paris—a Liberal but not a Democratic body. The Guards joined the popular side so soon as the Royal troops deserted their colors and went over to the Nationals; but the real victors in the fray were the common people, indiscriminately composed of workmen, gamins, and rapscallions who had never been allowed to join the National Guard— who, fought in their shirt sleeves, and with such weapons as they had been able to obtain by sacking the gunsmiths' shops and plundering the armories of the State. Such, in brief summary, is the history of the celebrated French civic organisa tion, down to the period when the name of Adolphe Thiers became indissoluWy as sociated with it. As the National Guard of Louis XVI. owed its being to Lafayette, equally was the Parisian Militia of Louis Philippe the bantling of M. Thiers. So long as he was in power, so long as he had any voice in the Government, he did his utmost to render the National Guard pru dently Liberal, but at the same time intensely " respectable." The enraged Democrats who fought in the Rue Trans nonain and the Rue de la Tixanderie were no National. Guards. The institution, as moulded into shape by M. Thiers and his successors, was an army of shopkeepers, lawyers, rentiers, and professional men —of men who wore spectacles and the cleanest of linen —of warriors who were sometimes accused of nursing the baby in the intervals of mounting guard, and among whom, as unkinder critics hinted, there was a not inconsiderable proportion with mere hearts of toast and butter, " who would as lief hear the devil as a drum." Again, it was not these Nationals who made the Revolution of February, 1848\. They joined the Republic so soon as the Republic had become an accom plished fact; and the Provisional Govern ment had sense enough to mitigate the irruption of ultra-democracy into the ranks of the bourgeois army, by enrolling the more fiery spirits among the Paris youth, not in the Garde Nationale, but in the Garde Mobile—a force by no means to be confounded with the " Moblots" of 1870. The " respectable" National Guards, joined by their provincial comrades, were instru mental in putting down the insurrection of June, 1848 ; they took scarcely any part for or against the Coup cFEtat ,• and they were rewarded for their " respect ability," under the Second Empire, by a fresh reduction to the semblance of a phan tom force. In Louis Phillippe's time the National Guardsman was a tradesman; under Napoleon 111. he became a dandy. Gandins and members of the Jockey Club murmured mincingly about their "vingt quatre heures de garde;" but the 4th of September came, swiftly on its heels fol lowed the German investment, and in the National Guard there occurred a terrible uprising. Into a narrative of the subse quent exploits achieved by the force, swollen to fifty times the dimensions it possessed in July, 1870, it is not neces sary to enter; suffice it to say, that during the siege of Paris, and during the insurrection of the Commune, tens of thousands were serving in its ranks who, not only when the Bonapartes but when the Orleans were in power, would under no pretext have been al lowed to join the civic legions. It is of this National Guard of gavroches, and voyous, and worse —these bastard descen dants of the ruffians of Santerre and Henriot —that the Conservative party in France is laudably anxious to get rid. The disarmament of the Parisians since -the entry of the Versailles troops has been ex tensive, but perchance not complete ; and there may still be vast numbers of armed National Guards waiting only their oppor tunity to spring upon the Government of legality and rend it to pieces. The Con servatives demand that M. Thiers should lay the axe. to the root of the tree, and abolish the National Guard altogether. The Chief of the Executive, it is said, hesitates; and it is natural that he should. He longs to spare the tree, for in youth it sheltered him. He probably was, forty years since, a National Guard himself. He would fain see the good old bourgeois "re spectable" force restored—the clean shaving legionaries, with their gleam ing spectacles, their spotless col lars and wristbands—most of them fathers of families, possessing "inscrip tions " on the Grand Livre. If a clamorous Assembly and a somewhat despotic Conser vative reaction will permit M. Thiers to temporise, his golden mean might be found, perhaps, in taking a leaf out of a book at present despised, although in its pages was written much wise statecraft—the book of the Second Empire. He might reduce the National Guard once more to a good looking ghost; he might strangle the Guards in " respectability." Thus it might be made as difficult to obtain permission to mount guard at the Quartier General in the Place Vendome, as to become* a mem ber of the Jockey Club or a Syndic of the Bourse. The worst of the matter is, that the National Guard skeleton has always manifested an uncomfortable tendency to put on flesh and come to life again. The dry bones may stir again some day, and arouse all France with their rattling. In the office of the New York Evening Pott Mr. Bryant has (it is alleged) hung up a cata logue of words that no editor or reporter is allowed to use. Among these interdicted words are bogus, authoress, poetess, collided, debut, donate, donation, loafer, located, ovation, pre dicate, progressing, pants, rowdies, roughs, seceah, osculate (for kiss), indorse (for approve), lady (for wife), jubilant (for rejoicing), bagging (for capturing), loaned (for lent), posted (for informed), realised (for obtained). A Sensitive Bibd.—A contemporary is responsible for the following : —" A young lady named Mansfield raised a bird of which she made a pet. The bird enjoyed its freedom, but became so much attached to its young mistress that it would not leave her. It knew the sound of Miss Mansfield's voice, and never mistook it* notes for another; and it would fly and nestle close to her at call. A few days ago Miss Mansfield was taken ill, but the bird was not banished from her room. It flittered wistfully around her, and enlivened her with its sweetest songs. As she grew feebler the bird seemed to sing the sweeter; but at last, becoming too ill to extract pleasure from sound of any kind, she turned wearily upon her pillow, looked the songster in the eyes and said, ' Birdie, hush; you worry me.' The feathered pet seemed to understand her words, for he ceased his warb ling. Next day Miss Mansfield died, and since •he commanded it to huih itt fong, it hai not warbled » single not*." 