TALK Off 'CHAJTGE. HI will buy with rou, aell with you, talk with fopu* -SSAJCSPCUtX. "-QaunqnamHdontom dloors reran Quid vetatlBokaoe. | Let me compliment Mr. J. F. Sullivan on the display of a quality of which he nam before showed the slightest symptom, and tbit is-discretion. In common with many othen, I deeply regret his retirement, for it would have been much more satisfactory to have seen him soundly beaten at the polL ; How ever, it Is said Mr. Sullivan will stand on a future occasion. I doabt it, bat it be does, let him be rewarded as be deserves. It was truly magnanimous in him to retire opon discovering that be hadn't Che ghost of a chance, despite the rumoured support of the gnat contracting interest. I wonder how much the statement was worth that Mr. Sullivan had (he support of the Administra tion, and that he was destined, had be been fortunate enough to secure a seat, to sncceqd Mr. W, A. C. A'Beckett In representing the Government in the Legislative CounclL The English arrangement for the occa sional exchange of locality amongst tele graph officials is capable of local application, and of expansion to other branches of die public service. Civil servants in-the country would frequently appreciate a transfer lo the seaboard of themselves and their and similarly those in the coast towns would be benefited by a change to the bush townships. Such'could only be accomplished by mutual arrangement of a voluntary kind. What is wanted to set the scheme in motion is a recognition of its desirability by all the heads of the different departments, and the maintenance of a registry of the names of those who thus wished to exchange duties for a time. There is this further advantage, that an exchange i>f duty might lead to discoveries advantageous to the departments. In many of the banks in England holidays are compulsory, and it is raid that Buch has been- found to have greatly diminished cases of embezzlement. However, even without this aspect of the matter, a temporary exchange of locality would be a boon to pnblic officers, who could thus secure a healthful change with less personal sacrifice than at present The election of bank directors is now-a-days an absurd farce, minus the humour. The election is nominally by the shareholders, bat virtually by the directors, the manager for the time being, or some- self-appointed clique, whichever happens to . be the stronger. The shareholders are the mario nettes, but, unlike their wooden represen tatives, tbey have to pay for their own performance. When directors and manager agree-and when such is the -case their unanimity is wonderful-the condition of the proprietary is hopeless. Now and again, when the governing powersfall out,the shareholders' vote may make itself felt. For the past few weeks two cabals have been working each against the other. One ex-manager has been, touting for proxies vigorously-not in this colony only. Now, who pays this agent! And if he is acting without pay, what is his motive? Another ex-manager is also, I imagine, canvassing for votes. Of course; if one side takes this course the other mask It is desirable that the touting system should be put down altogether. The shareholders should just meet and vote without being pre viously influenced by secret, and probably selfish, cabals. The shareholders run risk-Ahat a board of directors, with the strong influence of its official position, might exercise that power by securing the election of its own nominees to vacancies, and thus deliberately pack die boardroom. A man said to be erased paraded the pave ment in front of- the premises of one of the banks one day last week. He had a placard affixed to his hat setting forth that the bank was a defaulter because it would not honour bis cheques. If he had no funds at his credit bis view was highly original. Batwhether this poor fellow was or was not self-deoei ved, there is no doubt that the banks do hold money which does not belong to them, andwhich frequently lapses to them throu^ a prooeSs Of concealment whieh should be put an end to. There are many men possessing means who are not careful to keep books or preserve records of whatfbtelongs to thfem. One of this class dies suddenly, and his hein are unable to find out what he possesses. He may have lost a bank deposit receipt- no uncommon occurrence-and all trace of where bis money lies is obliterated. Now this defect would be remedied by the banks, either voluntarily or under legislative compulsion, advertising un claimed amounts in their possession when the accounts relating (hereto had not been operated opon for a certain time-say two yean. I am quite sure that if suoh were done some honest people would get their own, of which theyare now deprived by the discreet silence of its .present wrongfulpossessors. By keeping this subject periodically before the public, it will probably form part of the next measure relating- to banking;! and very likely next session. If the banks knew their own beat interests they would not wait to be compelled. I do not know the particular aim of that lecture on popular delusions which Mr. Woodsy of Crowlands, would have delivered to an aidmiring audience, but for the trifling obstacle that the entire audience staid away. There are a few delusions eurrent on 'Change and elsewhere which, although of venerable antiquity, retain a lively vitality. Someof tbem are harmless enough, And have beaome ao habitual that the pezpetratoxa delude .them selves quite as much as their acquaintance*. The ordinary form of salutation is itself a delusion. We feign an interest In the weather, and the health each of the other, which we do not really feel. There is no greater deluuon than that of the market for mer chandise being stagnant because the mail hasn't arrived, or because the mail has just arrived and. the merchants are deerfy engaged in perusing four advices. Thereisn't one of them .so wofouW% ei)gro4sed ii) soUd reading of this kind that he would refuse to sell6Q boxes of candles if ft cutomer came i° I® buy them.; Again, that tremendous anxiety1 about ttie receipt of mail letters is another yVntfthlft fiction. Men wh6 expect nothing i bat a V'll nf lading for something they have ordered, or perhaps expect nothing at -»U, in order "to invest their correspond ence with extraordinary importance, ? after | Pfiring elaborate estimates And wonder ing to everybody when the letters will be delivered, oorae in at a late hour of tbe evening for a missive which might as well await the ordinary postal delivery next morning. Another delusion is that in the market for securities-that holders will be hard up at holiday times, and be anxious to realise at a sacrifice. This little delusion I have heard propounded every Christmas for the last dozen years or so, without ever meeting one instance of a holder of £10,000 debentures obliged to sell a few, with the proceeds of which to enjoy himself in the holidays. The charitable performance at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday afforded Mr. Coppin an opportunity of being very uncharitable Ppf-anBA the Bishop of Melbourne does not .choose to dispense his charity precisely as Mr. Coppin requires him, affords no ground for any insinuation that his lordship does not practice as he preaches. If his lordship *hnfl become a oontributor to the friendly society which Mr. Coppin has inaugurated, his motives would have been open to misconstruction, as inferential^ approving the exhibition of half- naked women in demoralising and senseless burlesque. There are rich and griping men in the com munity, whose meanness in giving, fairly enough, I think, leaves then open to be pilloried for public contempt. The bishop is not one of these. There is no more liberal minded man in community of ours. Liberal in his opinions, liberal with his com paratively small means, and one who, in support of his opinions, is ever ready to descend into the arena and fight a fair fight with any antagonist. The bishop is not one who takes refuge in the dignity of his position. When a wrong needs making right, the bishop is ever ready to meet all comers on the sawdust-the open column of the news paper. And few there are who can better maintain his ground logically. Why should a manager of a theatre-however charitably disposed manager may himself be-pre sume to arrogate, in addition to his numerous duties, that of keeper of the Episcopal conscience? I think Paul Pry has made a mistake. With regard to Mr. Coppin's complaint against His Excellency, it is stated to be en tirely groundless. That it was bad taste on his part, and that it was not good policy, is obvious enough. Command nights ase usually , profitable, or theatrical managers would not be so anxious to secure viceregal patronage. ; There is this distinction between the Go vernor and the Bishop-that the former countenances the theatre by his occasional; presence, and the Bishop never does. There be a semblance of claim in the one case which certainly does not exist in the other. And even this semblance disappears: -when His Excellency's accuser declines-pro bably because he is unable-to substantiate his allegation that the Governor avails him self of the free-list. Unintentionally, Mr. Coppin has done His Excellency a service. It was previously believed that His Ex cellency witnessed theatrical representations gratis, and thepeftychaige may now be con-: sidered disproved. Another mistake. Paal I . ? Poor Tom Stewarts of Wflliamstown, is no more. Heva* arojlfr good leliow, of generous instincts and habits. His Jasttrip hencefor -health erertwttd Unfortunately. To secure quiet; plenty of COOK, comfort, and a voyage Jtr lbe Owe of OoodHope,he tookpassage Jt vessel Adelaide, heavily laden with copper pad wheat. After 120 days at «ea,$6. .Helena wwrwehed. and.Mr. Stewart W$a glad to atapdon his pickedehip, and txansfer himself to onebf the Cape mail; steamers, _ 4 - \ jLjftfagi ,(grlpo has ner^r heen an intnatej Ikw>wJ (suggests j the holding CU a fancy fair and/&e; at the new KewAaylum. Heaays that the scenery is . fine thereabouts, that the, yiewa by mponlight aiis beautiful, and that the obtaining of the; |wiU^ and groi^ids «aia loap item the! Government would, if turned to Account in the inanifeF sngggstflfr lUffwd ipuph amuse roenfc make peo^j^yaintod with.thenew institation, aud prpbab^y benefit the public charities hugely. The idsa mayb^of some Yfdue to somebody. '; ' There Is something to.be learnt from 4he "Lost and Found" advertisements. I always i suspect the liberality of Ibfe man irho: pro mises that on nstoration of hit lostlhorse, of his dropped banchof keyvorof hia wife'* diamond earring, thiat the finder: will be "h*B<l»omely"rewarded. J imflgmethat Jhehaadsom&xrtrardwhicbin; lai»wit<M; die thinks -he would give (whilst noorMr is sdonbgal/Shrinks considerably when it is meoetosiflisUecL lb raising- by indefinitoaess ;41m hope of'large leiXKbpensehd tt trading the cupidity of others with full conftdencein 3*eing«bla to ifalllMH^olihis^ownvaeahnbsa. Tbeloseronghttobe aUeto appraise hisloM, ItmUve *rhat tebttveiy Jsworthto |iim,«hd iab^datonoebaaMwhal-heispreparedto >pay.aAeaM of rp«titutidti-4n which, how&ver;, ^fcere'wasnoadvertiafog'O'f si«ewkrd-occurred ihevther day.' AWealthjr Bbottish^gtatleifaftn, farttttatediii squatting pa«trfts and residing 4n<oneof the-finest maiiBlon«inE*iBt8t. -KMd&, flr0|4)ed <i0<ki li8 l pocket of otherwise losta^OQO draft.1 Itw*» picked up by a lad sin: a'broker's office, JtrhocArriedit to hisj employer; ' * The latter took the ' trouble of goUgtothebaokwlnre'the dtiaftwas made] jparsble, and having ascertained the address oft -the'loser, this broker oonsiderately sent ai telegram stating tint. the draft had been ^igbdiap iand wassafei at the offioe d the' '?rsirtsi nf tTimnnimgtr tilling nutt day, and ifia^og the boy iOone in toeoftoa, theowner ^lhrd«ft,aft«j^vfa4W»Iortprop{^, at some length explained to the youth tha the draft, was not of as? -to any one had himseltcommended, hja honesty, and gra-j ctoasly presented to him hve Bbillingfl.. .The Cost of the telegram, he didnot chooae toj remember. Thi$ js , the .way., to encourage youthful hopesty. "The wondpr to pie is,"| said the lad's employer, " that lie parted with,' so much, and that he didn't prefer to give & tract." _£GL£S. ? j 