Pfr'is g^sigfc By The Author of "George Geith," "The Bace for Wealth," "City' and Suburb." " Phemie Keller." &c.; ITUe exclufiire right of publishing A Life's Assize" in South Australia has been purchased by the Proprietors of the A del aide 41h*.-rrrr CHAPTER XLI. IDENTIFIED. To me the courage of those persons wiio, knowing their lives hold a secret, can yet bring some other individual before the nearest Magistrate for having attempted to ■m aVe a little money by means of threats, always seemed wonderful, and, in one sense, admirable too. No donbt, if there be any estate in which a man ought to have a solitary interest, it is that of his own follies, and certainly no ether has the smallest.right to poach on his manor; but supposing people will interfere, of what sort of stuff can that, owner be made who is brave enough to seize the diffi culty instantly by the throat, and scotch the snake ere it has had time to fasten its fangs in him? What a resolute will—what iron nerves— what a determination to win must be all embodied in "an individual whose case is such as I have assumed—ay, and what shameless audacity also. Nevertheless, it is the best course to adopt; and bad Mr. Andrew Hardell only been possessed of sufficient courage to send for the one solitary policeman Eclm boasted, and deliver over Mr. McPhail into his cus tody, it might have been better for him. This, however, he did not do. He took in Xngland precisely the same course he had adopted in Scotland. He made no active step to rid himself of an incnbns as he might have done had he pleaded guilty to culpable homicide. He only made up his mind to resist, and resolved that through no act or confession of his should discovery arrive, and that when the day of discovery did come he would flee afar off, as he had sped that night through the darkness away from the dead man. Consequently he only defied Mr. McPhail instead of punishing him, and when the door slammed after his visitor he unlocked a private drawer, and looked at a small packet containing the money he had saved, just as many aonan has ere now regarded the little phial of poison,' or the brightly-polished pistol which was to end all earth's cares for him for ever. Once it came to that, once he epened the roll of notes and thrust them into his parse, and walked with them across the threshold, Andrew knew earth's pleasures were over se far as he was concerned. It was just like giving up one's life. Every man is aware he must die, and yet he strives to defer the hour of his death. This man knew there was something worse than death coming to. him, but he would not even in his despe ration go one single step to meet the foe. In the same secret hiding-plaqe with the money lay a letter sealed with black wax. Andrew took that up also, and turned it over as he was often wont to do. It was addressed— "To my dear wife," and contained his confession. At the moment when it became necessary for him to use the money he intended to leave that letter on his dressing-table, and then go forth a very Ishmael into the wilder ness of a new life. It was all far sadder than preparing for liia burial, and bis lip trembled as be realized what must have come to pass ere Joy should read that passionate outpouring of a man's grief and a man's remorse. He put back the money and the letter, locked the door, and proceeded with his sermon. # Let the morrow be pregnant with what it will the day's work must have attention, and as Andrew Ilardell never could tell which morrow was destined to bring forth trouble for him, he had to work through many a weary day with a heavy aching heart. \- And yet the sermon did not suffer. In those days the pulpit was the only place where he could speak of trouble and anguish, of repentance of sin; and perhaps for that very reason his preaching was all the more successful. Time went by. He preached that sermon and one or two others, and he had begun to hope that McPhail's guess was a random shot—a mere guess—when one bright Sunday in March be beheld amongst bis congregation in Eclin the man who had so insolently taunted him with being other than he pro fessed. Beside Mr. McPhail sat another stranger, an ill-favoured fellow; doubtless, Andrew conjectured, the "acquaintance" who had sat in Dumfries Court-house for the length of a whole day, and heard all the evidence pro and con., and listened to the foreman when he said " Not Proven." They had come—it was coming; but he hardened and steeled himself now as he had hardened and steeled himself before Lords Glanlorn and Craigie. Never, perhaps, had Eclin listened to such passion and such elo quence as he poured forth that day. Even Joy looked up at him in amazement when he closed his sermon-case and proceeded to the end, speaking extempore; whilst the man who sat beside McPhrnl nudged his neighbour and whispered—. "He's a dreadfu' fine preacher, yon;" in answer to which McPhail maintained an obstinate but not contradictory silence. Through the windows came the gleaming sunshine—dancing, leaping; now darting across Joy's face, anon resting on the head of one of the school children; again bringing out into stronger relief the lines and wrinkles that crossed the foreheads and furrowed the cheeks of those who had toiled in heat and cold, in snow, in wet, in the bright summer fume, for forty, and fifty, and sixty years. . When he lifted his eyes from his congre gation, Andrew could see the trees in the churchyard swayed by the high spring wind, which swept also over the graves, bending the grass as it passed by. Where should, he be when, another spring, the green bnds burst in the hedgerows round Eclin 2 What would have come to pass ere then; Think of it, friends—only think how the man's heart was breaking; straight before him jyt Joy, who had made for him all theplea sure hie ever felt, and all the real agony too. Beside her—his arms folded, his face a little moody—was Mr. Alton; while beyond the familiar congregation, under the organ- loft, a little in the shade, were those two men who had come to deprive him of wife and child, and character and reputation, unless he made terms with them. And oven while he was preaching, Mr. Ttsn-dfJi cast all this about in his mind, and decided- that he would make terms with them. He had been brave enough when McPhail Mma and threatened him,£but his courage was gone now—it went whenever he looked upon Joy; perhaps the other man might be doubtful concerning his identity—perhaps there was that chance of escape still; but in any case he would not give up Joy—not yet. "And now to the Father, mid to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost" it was Andrew who spoke, though his voice when he tried to resume a natural tone sounded even to him self forced and hollow; and a few minutes after the congregation trooped out through the low arched door, the two strangers amongst the number. ^ " You are sure that is our man?" said McPhail, as they passed out; "you could swear to him?" "I think I could," the other answered, a little doubtfully. " I should like to see him a bit closer." And then he paused, for at that juncture a woman in rustling silk swept close up to him, and must have heard his remark. " Bet us go this way," McPhail suggested; ?nd jtfae pair turned along a path leading towards a stile, which afforded egress to Mr.. Alton's grounds. The men did not know this, and the sug gestion was purely accidental; but Mrs. Pryoe's eyes followed them, filled with an expression of hungry curiosity. " Who can ' our man' be ?" she thought; and she waited about amongst the tomb stones watching the strangers, until Mr. gad Mr. Hardell and his wife came out t>f the-church and took the path leading to the stile likewise. : i. ...... "Good;; morning, Mrs. Piyce," said Andrew, as he passed her, raising his hat. He was white as a ghost she perceived, and shivering also. In the field Beyond-he saw the two men, and Mrs. Pryce saw them also. ...... "Good morning, sir — good morning, ma'am," -answered the widow, with a pro found courtesy; "your good gentleman, ma'am, is not looking so well as we should like to see him." Suddenly Joy looked at her husband, and j as suddenly he faced round upon Mrs. Pryce. " I am quite well, thank you," he said coldly, the blood rushing from his heart to his head as he spoke; "only I am a little tired. I have been too much from home lately, I think." And then he laughed and: pressed Joy's hand, which was clasped round his arm, against his heart; while Mr. Alton walked on in silence, leaving his son-in- law and daughter to the charms of Mrs. Pryce's society. " You should take care of yourself, Sir," remarked Mrs. Pryce. "Thank you very much for the caution, but I am token care of too well already and once again raising his hat—for he was punctilious about such matters towards those not quite so well off in worldly affairs as himself—he bade Mrs. Pryce " Good day," and walked forward to over take Mr. Alton-r-and Mr. MePhail. "I wonder who those people are before us t" said Mr. Alton, when he caught sight of the pair lounging leisurely along. "They were in church," his son-in-law answered. " They sat quite at the back— under , the organ-loft. Probably strangers from St. Mark's." " What is the matter ?" Joy asked at this juncture, feeling the shudder which he was unable always to control. '' Really, Anthony, Mrs. Pryce was right; you must he ill." "No," he persisted, "I am not ill—only a little tired. Besides, this is not the sort of day I like." " What sort of day do you like?" asked Mr. Alton. "Oh! either hot or cold—summer or winter. Something decided." " Something you know how to deal with, in fact," summed up the other. "So do 1." Which remark silenced Mr. Hardell, for he knew his father-in-law had intended this last shot for him. They walked on quietly for a little while, and then- they met Mr. MePhail and his friend returning. Both men touched their hats to Mr. Alton, but neither took the smallest notice of Mr. Hardell,. which Andrew considered ominous. After a few minutes Mr. McPhail's ac quaintance came running after them. " If you please, Sir," he said, addressing the clergyman, " could you spare me a minute ?" Of course Andrew said he could; and the pair, having walked a dozen yards back towards Eclin, stood 1 still, while Joy and her father pursued their way homewards. "Now," began Mr. Hardell, "what is it ?" " This, Sir. I know who you are, and I can swear to you, but McPhail there thinks I am doubtful; and I will be doubtful if you make it worth, my while." % "What do you mean?1 Mir. Hardell de manded. "Imean this, Sir,"answered the other; " that one fine morning after a night's heavy rain—very early—I was walking the road from New Abbey toMaxwelltbwn, when just at the place where the trees arch over the roadway, I saw a man lying by the roadside. He was quite dead—stiff and stark. He had a gold chain and gold watch—he had studs in his shirt—he had a gold pencil in his waistcoat pocket—ay, and plenty of money, too—and there it all lay, money and watch and man, in the early morning light. I saw I could not do anything for him, so thinking I might just as well have the things as another, I took all he had on him and left him, but by tbe time I got half-way to Maybe, I took fright. If the things were found on me Iznight be thought his murderer." "Yes," Mr. Hardell mumured, as the other paused. " So I pitched the things into a dyke, all except the money, and left the main road and kept to the fields till I got to Maxwell town, and said nothing to nobody ; but when your trial came on, I thought I must hear it and see you, and so I went np into the gallery, and I watched you all the day long, and hun too—your friend—and that sight makes me now able to say for a surety you are the man who stood his trial at Dumfries, and escaped hanging just by a miracle." There was nothing in all this intended to be offensive, it was a mere resume of facts, and yet it affected Andrew Hardell more keenly thanMcPhail's taunts—than McPhail's threats. Twice he opened Ms mouth to speak, and twice his tongue, dry and parched, refused its office. " Sir," said the man noticing this, " only make it worth my while, and McPhail shall never be a bit the wiser." "See me in London," Andrew answered;" " be at St. Paul's at I o'clock on Tuesday, and we may come to terms." Already in imagination he saw his hoard, saved so care fully— hidden so sedulously—dwindling away. " Ye won't fail me ?" said the fellow. " On iny honour, no;" but still the other lingered. < " What is it ?" Andrew enquired. " Sir, you have just a wonderful gift of preachin'. I never heard anybody like you before." "It has been my curse," answered Mr. Hardell fiercely; and who may say but that, so far as this world went, he was right. Then the other, marvelling at that bitter exclamation, went bis way, whilst Andrew walked slowly home through woods carpeted by primroses, where the early wild hyacinths bloomed as well. ** Who was that man, dear ?" Joy asked at luncheon. "A stranger tome," her husband answered. " What did he want ?" she persisted ; and Andrew Hardell replied, "Money," in a tone which made hlr. Alton look at him. " Do yon mean to say that man was a beggar?" he enquired. " l do not know exactly what yon might call a beggar," Andrew answered; "but during the few minutes we stood there he confessed to a robbery and asked me for money." "And did you give him any?" " Not a sixpence," the other answered; and Mr. Alton remained satisfied perforce. 