M1RS 1RODGERS IN 71 E DIVORCE COURT. In the early part of lasot year Mrs Giacommetti, nee Prodgers, established under a recent act of Parliament that her children were legitimate, and she took these steps because, it was alleged, her husband had often said they were illegitimate, in consequence of his being a catholic and Fse a Protestant. Miss Prodgers was the daughter of a clergyman in Hertfordshire, and Mr Giacommetti was an Austrian and at one time in the merchant service of that country. They met each other accidentally in London, and, after a very short courtship, they were married, the lady's brother officiating at the cere.' mony. Differences took place whilst on the marriage tour, and Mr Giaoommetti stated a short time since, when he sought for a restitution of conjugal rights, that she had re'used to live with him, and was now living in a separate residence as Balbam. His wi'e'e relatives believed that she was solely in the wrong, and had allowed Mr Gi commetti £200 a year; but as his wife had £50 000 in the Funds alone, it was asked that she should continue to live witn her husband. The Oourt at that ti i.e ordered that Mrs Giacommetti should resume cohabitation in a fortnight, and it was stated on Tuesday that she had not complied with the order. She had gone to his residence, turned up her nose, and then went away without leaving any message. It was also stated that the lady had said that, if her huabaand, came to her residence, she would leave.- His lordship said that if the Court was not satiified within a week that she had complied with the orde-, an attachment would issue in respect of her property.--Mrs Giacommetti was in court, but did not offer an explanation as to her conduct and immediately left after Lord Penzance h:d given his deeil in. M BuveloPs pencil haa been busy in the neighbour. hoodof Lillydale, and he has just executed two cabinet pictures in oils and three in water colours, the motifs of which he found in that picturesque locality. One of the former is a pa.toral landscape, stretching away from M d s Purr's vineyard ; and the other represents a group of rugged old gum trees, exposed to the full violence of a southerly gale on a summer afternoon. The constituents of the picture are of the simplest character, but it is eminently expressive of vehemence of motion ; while the teoh. nical qualities of the picture entitle it to be con. sidered one of the happiest of M Buvelot's efforts: Each of the water colour drawings is an illustration of the abundance of subjects capable of pictoria; treatment to he met with in thi colony. One is a bush track approaching the brow of a hill, above which and between the over-arching trees you catch a glimpse of a range of purple mountains. A second i: a pool, mantled with vividly green chickweed, or whatever corresponds to it id this-part of the world, with a forest glade beyond, and a stag glanoing through the thicket. A third has for its theme nothing but a poet and rail fence, a country road, and four distorted gam trees; yet these are so skilfully combined, that while there is no sacrifice of truth, there is produced as thegeneral result a picture as charming as an English green lane or woodland dell. Thanks to M Buvelot's poetical insight and pie turesque interpretation, Australian landscapes will begin to assume a new aspect in the eyes of those to whom they are most familiar. Writing of the progress of one telegraph to the Gulf of Carpentaria, the Brisbane Courier states that the length of the line from Cardwell to the mouth of tho Norman River is 368 miles; and of this 258 miles have been marked out, aad 253 miles have been cleared to a width of 80 feet. Poles had been erected along 160 miles of the line at the date of last report, and 95 miles of wire had been stretched.- The iron posts of the section of the line from the mouth of the Norman to near the Gilbert River-118 miles-were shipped at London for Queensland in January and February last, and may be expected to arrive here before the end of May next. On the arrival of these posts that section of the line can be completed very speedily. The wire insulators and other material are nearly all on tha ground. The camp on the eastern section of the line is now 80 miles from Cardwell, and the work is being pushed forward as rapitly as possible by the Government working party. Forty men are employed on this section. The contractor of the western eection-namely from the mouth of the Norman River to the Ethoridge- has completed the line to the Etheridge, and is now waiting for the iron posts. The station buildings on the line are in a forward state of progress, and it is expected that the line will be completed to the Gulf, and be in working order by the latter end of July or the beginning of August next. Our files of the Fiji Times-contain some interest ing items of the progress of matters in that remote island colory. Thus we see it noted that " Whilst Swoman's rights' are agitating the world, and woman is seeking to take her place among the 'lords of creation,' Fiji, far in advance of the times, points with triumph to the electoral roll of Lovuka, which numbers four ladies amongst only 131 eloctors." In iho issue of Ftb:uary 18 we read that one gentleman hid tried to shoot another gentleman, who, he con. sidered, had given him cause of offence. Fortunately the revolver did not go off, and so it would appear that the cimplhii ant was compelled by the force of circumstances to content himself with some pacific remedy. Tne gen leman who missed his shot, or as the tceount - calls hIo as it proceeds, " tse man" sndcav)urdl to irfluen.o the press, meaning ih, Fiji Times, telling that journal to suppress the matter leot it ehculd incur his anger. Fays the :imnes: " He puts it strongly. But as reco.dero of matters affecting the welfare of tle place, and the liberty of the people, we cannot, we will not, be silent. Were we to be so we should become partkers of his sins, ntvd unworthy the truit we hold." However, our ciu i porary forgets to mention the shooter's name. Tne seme itsue of the Times gives an account of the .irpriso of the coast t,,wni of Toklaui by the Levoni fi;:hting men. Twelve o-f the inhabitants were killed, end all the houses outside of tl. fortif.ations wera burned. Eight of the Levoni people were slot. King Thnakcombat witnoesed the burning of the town from the deck cf his vrasol, the Jeannie Duncan, and was taking measures to put down the rebellion of the Lev. ni people. A wee-klater, the Times reports that Levinka prtsented the appearance of a garrisrn town ifom the number of sab:e warriors parading about, fully armed, ard threatening to slaughter and eat the Levoi,i met,. We obcerve that steps had been taken t-w:arda the establishment of a Masonic Lodge in Levulca. A OInosT TORT.- rrs Brook related to me the fillowi, g piarti'ultirs, in presence of her daughter: S\ o and iher family were living at Southampton, in a cnoall htou, romewhat out of town. lHer establish lent co site cf a butler and two maid servants. lWhieneiver ChlC spent the evening out, she took the house key with her, and desired the butler to place on a tahbl in the hall a candle and some matches, and go to bed, so that her return might not disturb the rest of the family. One evening some friends accom pnie d Mrs Brook to the door, and having seen her safe inside, took leave, and loft her. The moon was ohining, and it was a fine night. While Mrs Brook was holding the matches in her hand, and in the act ot lighting the candle, she saw a man come down the autircase into the hall, oppesite to where she stood, still bu'y lighting the candle. Thinking it was the Ibuler who had awaited her return, she said, "Oh ! how coan you be so foolish as to sit up, when you know I have ordered you to go to bed and do not wish it ? Why did you do sn ?" As she spoke the igure slowly moved alone the hall, and began to descend the kitchen staiie. Not receiving any an swer, and the candle now being well alight, she looked up more attentively, and wondered to hbr~slf why the butler did not speak, and why he wore a cut away coot and brasi buttons; for, from the dim nees of the candle and the uncertain moonlight, she noticed nothing otherwise singular in his appearance. As it was late, she went up at once to bed, leaving her door open in order to hear the butier return upstairs to his rcom, "I cannot c:nceive," she said to her, "why James shcu'd have :at up for me to-night against my express orders, and now he is staying the most uncomfortable timein the kitchen. I must go and wake Jane," (the maidi) " and make her go and see what he is about. It is very odd." The maid was called and asked t go down and look after Jamer. "James, ma'am!" said she, " he is in bed upstairs, and I am sure he has not moved, or I should have heard him overhead and on the stairs, I am such a light sleeper." Miss Brook bhad heard nothing either. Mrs Brooks was aghast. ": Taere was a man in the house then, for he passed close to me in the hall; I did not look at his face, for I was lighting my candle; but I took it for granted it was James. And the odd coat too. There is a man concealed below, and we must make James get up at once." James was found fast asleep in his bed; he had never stirred. He got up and went down stairs; followed by Mrs Brook and her maid. The doors were all barred and locked, the windows fastened. Every hole and corner was searched, no one was found, not a chair even had been moved. Mrs Brook began to feel uncomfortable; the singular dress struck her, and something strange in the motion of the figure, which, in the hurry of the moment she bad not remembered. At last, tired out and very much frightened, they all went to bed. NIext morning a policeman was sent for, and Mrs B, described the whole occurrence, and the appearance of the figure. "Oh," replied the policeman, " that was the ghost-many have seen that ghost in this house before. Ho walks down those stairs from the top of the house. Years ago his master murdered him below, at the foot of the stairs near the kitchen, and his body was found there. If you take up the matting you will see the stains of blood in the floor ing, which no washing will remov,." Mrs Brook did see some dark marks on the spot indicated. She left the house almost immediately.-All the uear Fouid. A shocking case of cruelty was fitly punished in the police court yesterday, says the Talbot Herald. The evidence disclosed that William Pascoe, son of a highly respectable farmer residing between here nod Amhurst, had, on the 18th of harch last, a jibbing horse that would not pull an empty waggon. ,in. ?_ .. h.- ,i l e f, n ai s i r ta np tnnrd the nnnr brute's neck, and two other horses dragged at wthe chain. The first application of tnis inhuman means of persuasion caused the jibber to fall down, half strangled of course. Be was got on lhi legs sgain, and on the second application of the chain the horse's neck was broken. This torture lasted, accordin; to one witness, half an hcur, and according to aiother witneer, only quarter of an hour. Pa.scoe was fined £10, or a month's imprisonment, This is only half the penalty the law allows. Notice of appeal has been given, and this gives the Bench the power of reviewing the whole case. Since the prosecution closed the police have, we, believe, been placed in the posseesson of further evidence, showing cruelty that can scarcely be credited. Should this more recent information be true, there is a probability of the full penalty being inflicted. 