UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BARTBAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XXXII. UNCLE SILAS. Br J. S. LE FAXU, •Author or "Wylder's Hand," "The House by theChurchyord," &c.; I thought lay odd eousiu was also impressed with a kind of awe, though different in degree from mine, for a shade overcast her face, and she was silent "as we walked side by side along the gallery, accompanied by the crone who carried the candle which lighted us to the door of that' apartment which I may .call Uucle Silas's presence chamber. _ Milly whispered to me as wo approached — "Mind how you make a noise; the governor's as.sharp as a weasel, and nothing vexes him like that." She was herself toppling along on tiptoe. We paused at a door near the head of the great staircase, and L'Amour knocked timidly with her ikcumatic knuckes. A voice, clear and penetrating, from within summoned us to enter. The old -woman opened the door, and the nest moment I was in the presence of Uncle Silas. At the far end of a handsome wainscoted room, near the hearth in which a low fire was burning, beside a small table on which stood four waxlights, in tall silver candlesticks, sat a singular-looking old man. The dark wainscoting behind him, and the vnstness of the room, in the remoter parts of which the light which fell strongly upon his face and figure expended itself with hnrdl}- any effect, exhibited him with the forcible and strange relief of a finely painted Dutch portrait. For some time I saw nothing but him. A face like a marble, with a fearful monumental look, and, for an old man, singularly vivid strange eyes, the singularity of which rather grew upon mo as I looked; for his •eyebrows -were still black, though his hair descended from his temples in long locks of-the purest silver and fine as silk, nearly to his shoulders.' He roso, tall and slight, a little stooped, all in black, with an ample black velvet tunic, which was rather a gown than a coat, with loose sleeves, showing his snowy shirt some •way up the arm, - and a pair of wrist buttons, then quite out of fashion, which glimmered aristocratically with diamonds. I know I- can't convey in words an idea < of this apparition, drawn as it seemed in ; black and white, venerable, bloodless, fieryeyed, with its singular look of power, and an expression so bewildering—was it derision, or anguish, or cruelty, or patience ? wild eyes of this strange old man -'Wfere fixed upon mo as he rose; an habitual " fcontraction, which in certain lights took the ,< _ »character of a scowl, did not relax as he ad- . vanced toward me with his thin-lipped smile. 'Hesaid something in his clear, gentle, but cold voice, tbe import Jof which I was too much agitated to catch, and he. t$ok both my hands ^'Ibis,-welcomed ino with a courtly grace which belonged, to another age, and led me affectionately, witl^ many inquiries which I ohly half comprehended, to a chair near ^ his-own. - • - • I "I n9ed not ^introduce my• daughter; ehe -.« has sated me' that mollification. You'll find > her, I believe, good-natured and affectionate ; an reste, fear,a,yery rustic Miranda, and jVy. ^Jfilffed i-ather for the society of Caliban than of a sick old Prospero. 'Is it not so, Millicent 9" , Tho old man paused- sarcastically for an ' anBwer, with bis-eyes fixed severely on my odd ' -tcousin, who blushed and looked uneasily to me for® hintr , J don't know wJio they be—neither one nor pother." 4 ^ Very good, my 4par," he replied, with a little-nioolang>bow. ; "You see, my dear Maudj 'what tt Shakepearean yon have got for iffi. a couein. - It's plain, however, -she has made •s3L acquaintance with some of our dramatists: ; A isUe Jias' studied the rfilo of Mist Hoyden 1 eonerfectly." V It 'wjs not a reasonable peculiarity of my 4 oj&b; ttiat leBented, with; a, good look of £ jitf^nn acrimony, my poor cousin's want pf y ^edaefttion, for which, if he were not to blame, . fatally, neither was sho. . '^ousee her, poor thing. a result of all the 1 disadvantages of .want of refined. . refined companionship, and, I-foar, rv. ofrefineS tflStes; but a sojourn at a jM6ii corivoiitual school will -do y 'and that I Jiope to manage by-'and- "tbe meantime -we jest at rur misnd-iofe '≠ another, t hope, itriiHO » « _p<lecl Jig thin* white hand with _ ^towards IWlyj.whobounoeflnp, <v£t .)mtli a lightened 4o6k; anS -^ Ju»ldmg,her hand rather slightly ^yeB^ l jhope, vejy;«ordially/'<, and then turning again to mo, ho put it over the arm of liis chair, and let it go, as a man might drop something ho did not want from a carriage window. Having made this apology for poor Milly, who was plainly bewildered, ho passed on, to her and my relief, to other topics, every now and then expressing his fears that I was fatigued, and his anxiety that I should partake of some supper or tea; but these solicitudes somehow- seemed to escape his remembrance almost as soon as uttered; and ho maintained the conversation, which soon degeneratod into a close, and to me a painful examination respecting my dear father's illness, and its symptoms, upon which I could give no information, and his habits, upon which I could. Perhaps he fancied that there might be some family predisposition to tho organic disease of which his brother died, and that his questions were directed rather to tho prolonging of his own life than to the better understanding of my dear father's death. How little was there left to this old man to make life desirable, and yet how keenly, I afterwards found, he clung to it. Have we not all of us seen those to whom life was not only undesirable, but positively painful—a mere series of bodily torments, yet hold to it with a desperate and pitiable tenacity — old children children or young, it is all the same. See how a sleepy child will put off the inevitable departure for bed. The little creature's eyes blink and stare, end it needs constant jogging to prevent his nodding off into the slumber which nature cravcB. £us waking is a pain; he is quite rvorn out, and peevish, and stupid, and yet he implores a respite, and deprecatcs repose, and vows he is not sleepy, even to the moment when his mother takes him in her arms, and carries him, in a sweet slumber, to the nursery. So it is with us old children of earth and the great sleep of death, and nature our kind mother. Just so reluctantly we part with consciousness, the picture is, even to the last, so interesting ; the bird in the hand, though sick and moulting, so inestimably better than all the brilliant tenants of the bush. We sit up, yawning, and blinking, and stupid, the whole scenc swimming before us, and the stories and music hamming off into the sound of distant winds and waters. It is not time yet; we ore not fatigued; we are good for another hourMUI, -qud so protesting against bed, wo falter and drop into the dreamless sleep which nature assigns to fatigue and satiety. He then spoke a little eulogy of his brother, very polished, and, indeed, in a kind of way, eloquent. He possessed in a high degree that accomplishment, too little cultivated, I think, by the present generation, of expressing himself with perfect precision and fluency. There was, too, a good deal of slight illustrative quotation, and a sprinkling of French flowers, over his conversation, which gave to it a character at once elegant and artificial. It was all easy, light, pointed, and being quite new to me, had a wonderful fascination. He then, told TUB that Bartram was the temple of liberty, that the health of a whole life was founded in a few years of youth, air, and exercise, and that accomplishments, at least, if not education, should wait upon health. Therefore, while at Bartram, I should dispose of my time quite as I pleased, and the more I plundered the garden and gipsied in the woodlands, the better. Then he told me what a miserable invalid he was, and how the doctors interfered with his frugal testes. A glass of beer and a mutton chop—his ideal of a dinner—he dared not touch. They made hiui drink light wines, which he detested, and live upon those artificial abominations all liking for which vanishes with youth. There stood on a side-table, in its silver coating, a long-necked Rhenish bottle, and beside it a thin pink glass, and he quivered his fingers in a peevish way toward them. But unless he found himself better very soon, he wonld take his case into his own hands, and try the dietary to which nature pointed. He waved his fingers toward liis bookcases, and told me his books were altogether at my set vice during my stay; but this promise ended, I must confess, disappointingly. At last, remarking that I must be. fatigued, he rose, and kissed me with a solemn tenderness, placcd his hand upon what I now perceived to be a large Bible, with two broad silk markers, red and gold, folded in it—the one, I might conjecture, indicating the place in the Old, the other in the New Testament. It stood on the small table that supported the waxlights, with a handsome cut bottle of eau-de-Cologne, his gold and jewelled pencil-case, and his chased repeater, chain, and scale, beside it. There certainly were no indications of poverty in Uncle Silas's room; and he said impres sively— "Remember that hook; in it your father placed his trust, in it he found his reward, in it lives my.only hope; consult it, my dear neice, day and night, as the oracle of life." Then he laid his thin hand on my head, and blessed mo, and then kissed my forehead. " No—a 1" cxclftimed Cousin Milly's lusty voice. I had quite forgotten her presence, and looked at her with a little start. She was seated on a very high old-fashioned chair; she had palpably been asleep; her round eyes were blinking and staring glassily at us; and her'White legs and navvy boots were dangling in the air. "Have yoa anything to remark about Noah?" enquired her father, with a polite inclination and an ironical interest. " No—a," sho repeated in the same blunt accents; "I didn't snore; did I? No The old man smiled and shrugged a little at me — it was the smile of disgust. " Good night, my dear Maud; " and turning to her, he said,, with a peculiar gentle sharpness, " Had yon not better wake, my dear, and try whether your cousin would like some supper," • So he accompanied us to tlie door, outside which we found L'Amoiir's' candle awaiting us. Tin awful afraid of the governour, I am. Did I snore that time ?" " No, dear; at least J did not hear it," I said. unable to repress a smile, i " Well, if I didn't, Iwas awful near it, " slio said, reflectively. -• | We found • poor Mary Quince dozing oyer 'the fire ; -but We sppn had tea and other good things; of which Milly partook with a won- "Iwas ina.qualm.aboutit," said Milly, who by this time was -quite herself again. - V Vfhen Jie epies^ me .^napping, tnaybi^ > he don't fotch mo a prod with his pencil-case over the head. Odd ! girl it is sore." When I contrasted the refined and fluent old gentleman, whom I had just left, with this amazing specimen of young ladyhood, I grew sceptical almost as to the possibility of her being his child! I was to learn, however, how little she had, I won't say of his society, but even of his presonce—that she had no domestic companion of tho least pretensions to education— that she ran wild about the place—never, except in church, so much as saw a person of that rank to which she was born—and that tho little sho know of reading and writing had been picked up, in desultory half-hours, from a person who did not care a pin about her manners or decorum, and perhaps rather enjoyed her grotosqueness—and that no ono who was willing to take tho least trouble about her was competent to make her a particle more refined than I saw her—tho wonder ceased. We don't know how little is heritable! and how much simply training, until we encounter some such spectacle as that of my poor cousin Milly. When I lay down in my bed and reviewed the day, it seemed like a month of wonders. Uncle Silas was always before mo ; the voice so silvery for an old man—so preternaturally soft; the manners so sweet, so gentle; the aspect, smiling, suffering, spectral. It was no louger a shadow ; I had now seen him in tho ilesh. But, nfter all, was he more than a shadow to me ? When I closed my eyes I saw him before me still, in necromantic black, ashy ^vith a pallor on which I looked with fear and pain, a face so dazzlingly pale, and those hollow, fiery, awful eyes 1 "It sometimes seemed as if the curtain opened, and I had seen a ghost. I had seen him ; but ho was still an enigma and a marvel. Tiie living face did not expound the past, any more than the portrait portended the futnro. Ho was still a mystery and a vision ; and thinking of these things I fell asleep. Mary Quince, who slept in the dressingroom, the door of which was close to my bed, and lay open to secure mo against ghosts, called me up; and the moment I knew where I was I jumped up, and peeped eagerly from the window. It commanded the avenue and court-yard; but wo were many windows removed from that over the hall-door, and immediately beneath ours lay the two giant lime tree, prostrated and uprooted, which I had observed as we drove up tho night before. I saw more clcarly in the bright light of morning tho signs of neglect and almost of delapidation which had struck mo as I approached. Tho court-yard was tufted over with grass, seldom from year to year crushed by.the carriage wheels, or trodden by the feet of -visitors. This melancholy verdure thickened where the area was more remote from the centre ; and under the windows, and skirting tho walls to the left, was reinforced by a thick grove of nettles. The avenue was all grassgrown, except in the very centre, where a narrow track still showed the roadway. The handsome carved balustrade of the court-yard was discoloured with lichens, and in two places gapped and broken: and the air of decay was heightened by the fallen trees, among whose sprays and yellow leaves the small birds were hopping. Before my toilet was completed, in marched my cousin Milly. We were to breakfast alone that morning, " and so much the better," she told me. Sometimes the governor ordered her to breakfast with him, and " never left off chaffing her" till his newspaper came, and " sometimes he said such things he made her cry," and iheu he only "boshed her more," and packed her away to her room ; but she was by chalks nicer than hiin, talk as he might. ' ?} <7« not she nicer ? . was not she ? was not sho?" Upon this point she was so strong and urgent that I was obliged to reply by a protest against awarding the palm of elegance between parent and child, and declaring I liked her very much, which I attested by a kiss. " I know right well which of us you do think's the nicest, and no mistake, only you ore afraid of him; and he had no business boshing me last night before you. I knew ho was at it, though I couldn't twig him altogether hut wasn't - he a sneak, now was be not 9" This was a still more awkward question ; so I kissed her again, and said she must never ask me to say of my uncle in his absence, anything I could not say to his face. At which speech sho stared at mo for a while, and then treated me to one of her heartj r laughs, after which she Seemed happier and gradually grew into better humour with her father. " Sometimes, when the curate calls, he has me np—for he's as religious as six, he is— and they read Bible and prays, ho—don't they 9 You'll havo that, lass, like me, to go through; and maybe I don't hate it; oh, no! " Wc breakfasted in a small room, almost a closet, off the great parlour, which was evidently quite disused. Nothing could be homelier than our equipage, or more shabby than the furniture of the little npartment. Still, somehow, I liked it< It was a total change ; but one likes " roughing it" a little at the first. CHAPTER XXXm. THE WINDMILL WOOD. I bad not time to explore this noble old house ns my curiosity prompted; for Milly was in such a fuss to set out for the " blackberry dell" that I saw little more than just so much as I necessarily traversed in making my way to and from my room. The actual decay of the house had been prevented by my deBr father'; and the roof,- windows, masonry, and. carpentry had ult been kept in repair. But short of indications of actual ruin, there are many manifestations of poverty and neglect which impress with a feeling of desolation. It was plain that not nearly a tithe of this great house was inhabited ; long corridors and galleries stretched away in dust and silence, and were crossed by others, whose dark archeF inspired roe in the distance with an awful soft of sadness. It was plainly one of those groat structures in which you tniglit easily ; lose 1 yourself, and with a pleasing terrorit reminded me of that delightful old obLe^ iiti Mrei Ra'dbliffe'e romance, fiiriong ^hose' si!ent "etaircasefe, dim passages, and long^ suit?s of lordly, but forsaken chambers, begirt without by the sombre forest, the family ofsLn Mote BSPured a gloomy asylum, My cousin Milly 'and 1 J, Aoweter, were bant upon an open-air ramble, and traversing; several passage '•she conducted me to a door; which led us out upon a terrace overgrown; with weeds, and by iTUroad flight of steps we i descended to the level of the grounds beneath Then on, over the short grass, under tbe noble trees, we walked; Milly iu high good-humour, and talking away volubly, in her short garment, navvy boots, and a weather-beaten hat. She carried a stick in her gloveless hand. Her conversation was quite new to me, and resembled very much what I would have fancied the holiday recollections of a schoolboy ; and the language in which it was sustained was sometimes so outlandish, that I was forced to Inugh outright—a demonstration which she plainly did not like. Her talk was about the great jumps 6he had made—how she "6now-balled the chaps' in winter—lioty she could slide twice the length of her stick beyond Briddles, the cow-boy." With this and similar conversation she entertained me. The grounds were delightfully wild and neglected. But we had now pnssed into vast park beautifully varied with hollows and uplands, and such glorious old timber massed and scattered over its slopes and levels. Among these, we got at lust into a picturesque dingle; the grey rocks peeped from among the ferns and wild flowers, and the steps of soft sward along it sides were dark in the shadows of silver-stemmed birch, and russet thorn, and oak, under which, in the vaporous night, the Erl-king and his daughter might glide on their aerial horses. In the lap of this pleasant dell were the finest blackberry bushes, F think, I ever EBW, hearing fruit quite fabulous; and plucking these, and chatting, we rambled on very pleasantly, I had first only thought of Milly's nbsurdities, to which, in description, I caunot do justice, simply because So many details have, by distance of time, escaped my recollection. But her ways and her talk were so indescribably grotesque that she made me again and again quiver with suppressed laughter. But there was'n pitiable and even a melancholy meaning underlying the burlesque. This creature, with no more educatiou than a dairy-mnid, I gradually discovered had fine natural aptitudes tor accomplishment—a verysweet voice, and wonderfully delicate ear, and a talent for drawing which quite threw mine into the shade, ft was really astonishing. Poor Milly, in all her life, had never read three books, and hated to think of them. One, over which she was wont to yawn and sigh, and stare fatiguedly for an.hour every Sunday, by command of the Governor, was a stout volume of sermons of the earlier school of George IU., and a drier collection you can't fancy. I don't think she read anything else. But she- liad, notwithstanding, ten times the cleverness of half the circulating library Misses one meets with.. Besides all this, I had a long sojourn before me at Bartram- Hmisrli, and I had learned from Milly, as I had beard before, what a perennial solitude it was, with a ludicrous fear of learning Milly's preposterous dialect, and turning at last into something like her. So I resolved to do all I could for her—teach Iter whatever I knew, if she would allow me—and gradually, if possible, effect some civilising changes in her language, and, as they term it in boarding school?, her demeanour. But I must pursue at present our first day's ramble in what was called Bnrtrnm Chase. lVople can't go on eating blackberries aluiiys; so after a while we resumed our walk along this pretty dell, which gradually expanded into a wooded valley—level beneath and enclosed by irregular uplands, receding, as it were, in mimic bays and bavbours at some points, and running out at others into broken promontories, ending in clumps of forest traps. Just where tbe glen which we had been traversing expanded into this brond, but wooded valley, it was traversed by a high and close paling which, although it looked decayed, was still very strong. In this there was a wooden gate, rudely but strongly constructed, and at the side we were approaching stood a girl, who was leaning against tbe post, with one arm resting on the top of the gate. This gill was neither tall nor short—taller than she looked at a distance; she had not a slight waist; sooty black was her hair, with a broad forehead, perpendicular but low; she had a pair of very fine, dark, lustrous eyes, and no other good feature—unless I may so call her teeth, which were very white and even. Her face was rather short, and swarthy as a gipsy's; observant and sullen too ; and she did not move, only eyed us negligently from under her dark lashes as we drew near. Altogether a not unpicturesque figure, with a dusky, red petticoat of drugget, and tattered jacket of bottlu-green stuff, with short sleeves, which showed her brown arms from the elbow. " That's Pegtop's daughter," said Milly. " Who is Pegtop?" I asked. " He's the miller—see, yonder it is," and she pointed to s very pietty feature in the landscape, a windmill, crowning the summit of a'hillock which rose suddenly above the level of the tree-tops, like an island in the centre of the valley. " The mill not going to-day, Deauty ?" bawled Milly. "No—a, Beauty; it bainf," replied the girl, lotveringly, and without stirring. * " And what's gone with the stile V demanded Milly, aghast. '' It's tore away from tbe paling!" " Well so it be," replied tbe wood nymph in tbe red petticoat, showing her fine teeth with a lazy grin. " Who 8 a bin and done all that ?" demanded Milly. "Not you nor me, lass," replied the girl. . " 'Ttvas old Pegtop, your father, did it," cried Milly, in rising wrath. " 'Appen i.t wor, - ' she replied. " And the gate locked." "That's it—the gate locked," she repealed sulkity, with a defiant side glance at Milly. , • " And where 1 s Pegtop." " At t'other side, somewhere; how should I know where he be ?" she replied. " Who's got the key." "Here it be, lass," she answered, striking her band on her pocket. " And how durst you stay-us here ? Un-. lock it huzzy, this minute!" cried Milly with a stamp. Her answer was & sullen smile. "Open the gate this instant 1" bawled Milly. " Well Inon't!" I expected that Milly would have flpwn into a frenzy at this direct defiance, but she looked instead > s puzzled and curious-~tke< pel's unexpected, audacity bewildered: "Why, you fool, 1 opuld get brer the paling as soon as ;3ppk pt'iyou) out t ; won't What's come over you? Open the gate, I say, or I'Jl make you," "Do let her alone' dear," I entreated, fearing a mutual assault. " She has been ordered maybe, not to open it. Is it so my good girl ?" " Well, thou'art not the biggest fool o' the two." she observed, commendatively, " thou'st hit it, lass." \ " And who ordered you 1" exclaimed Milly. " Fayther." "Old Pegtop. Well, that's summer to laugh at, it is—our servant a-shutting us out of our own grounds." " No servant o' yourn !" " Come, lass, what do you mean ?" He be old Silas's miller, and what's that to you." With these words the girl made a spring on the hasp of the padlock, and then got easily over the gate. " Can't you do that, Cousin ?" whispered Milly to me, with an impatient ntidgc. " I wish you'd try." " No, dear—come away, Milly," and I began to withdraw. " Lookee, lass, 'twill be an ill day's work for thee when I tell the Governor," said Milly addressing the girl, who stood on a log on the other .side, regarding us with a sullen composure. " We will be over in spite o' you," cried Milly. " You lie !" answered she. " And why not, huzzy 7" demanded my cousin, who was less incensed at the affront than I expected. All this time I was urging Milly in vain to come away. " Von lass is no wild cat, like thee—that's why." " If I cross, I'll give you a knock," said Milly. " And I'll gi' thee another," she answered with a vicious wag of the head. " Come, Milly, I'll go if you don't," I said. But we must not be beat," whispered she vehemently, catching my arm, " and ye shall get over, and see what I will gi' her !" " I'll not get over." " Then I'll break the door' for you shall come through," exclaimcd Milly, kicking the stout paling with her ponderous boot. " Purr jit, purr it, purr it!" cried the lass in the petticoat, wiib a grin. " Do you know who this lady is f" cried Millyf suddenly. " She is a prettier lass than thou," answered Beauty. She's my cousin Slaud—Miss Ruthyn of Knoivl—and she's a deal richer than the Queen; jp\A the Governor's taking care of her; aWa he'll make old Pegtop bring you to reason." The girl eyed me with a sulky listlessness, a little inquisitively, I thought. "See if he don't," threatened Milly. "You positively must come," I said, drawing-hpi' away with me. " Well, shall we come in ?'' cried Milly, trying n last summons "You'll not come in that much," she answered, surlily, measuring an infinitesimal distance on her finger with her thumb, which she pinched against it, the gesture ending with n snap of defiance, and a smile that showed her fine teeth. " I've a mind to 6bj' a stone at you," shouted Milly. " Faire atray; I'll shy wi' ye as long as ye like, lass; take heed o' jerselt;" and Beauty picked up a round stone as large as a cricket ball. With difficulty I got Milly away without nn exchange of missiles, anil much disgusted at my want of zeal and agility. Well, come along, cousin, I know an easy way by the V'iver, when it's low," answered Milly. " She's a brute—is not she ?" As wo receded, we saw the girl slowly wending her, way towards the old thatched cottage, which showed its gable from tbe side of a little rugged eminence embowered in spreading trees, and dangling and twirling from its string on the end of her finger the key for which a battle had so nearly been fought. The ftre&m; was low enough to make our flank movement round the end of the paling next it quite easy aud so we pursued our way, and Milly's equanimity returned, and our ramble grew very pleasant again. Our path lay by the river bank, and as we proceeded, the dwarf timber was succeeded by grander trees, which crowded closer and taller, aud, at last, the scenery deepened into solemn forest, and a sudden sweep in the river revealed the beautiful ruin of a steep old bridge, with the fragments of a gate-house on tbe farther side. " Oh, Milly darling !" I exclaimed, " what a beautiful drawing tliis would make! I should so {ike to make a sketch of it." "So it *vouid. Make a picture—dot— here's a stone that's pure and flat to sit upon, and you look very tired. Do make it, and I'll sit by you." " Yes, Milly, I am tired, a little, and I mill sit down; but we must wait for another day to make the picture, for wo have neither pencil nor paper. But it is much too prettj to be lost; so let us come again to-morrow."" "To-morrow be hanged! you'll do it today, bury-me-wick, but you shall; I'm wearying to see you make a picture, and I'll fetch your conundrums out o' your drawer, for do't you shall." CHAPTER XXXIV. ZAHIEL. , It was. all vain my remonstrating. She vowed that by crossing the -stepping-stones close by she could, by a short cut, reach tbe house, and return with my pencils and blockbook in a quarter of an hour. Away then, with many a jump and fling, scampered Milly's queer white stockings and navvy hoots across,„ the irregular and nrecarious stepping stones, over which I dared not follow her; so ft was fain to return to tbe stone so " pure and flat," on which I sat, enjoying the grand sylvan solitude, the dark background and the grey bridge mid-way, so tall and slim, across whose ruins a sunbeam glimmered, and the gigaotio forest trees that slumbered round, opening here and there in dusky vistas, and breaking in front into detached and solemn groupB. It was the setting of a dream-of romance; It would haye.ibeen the very spot in which to read a volume of German folk-lore, and the darkening colonnades and silent nooks of the forest seemed already haunted with the voices and shadows of those charming elves and rgoblins. .. As ITat here "enjoying the solitude tmdlnyi fancies'^morig ,the low branches oi wood, :> at tny rjgllt J hisftrd B crwhingy and Varrp a squat broad figure in a stained a„ military coat and loose shor t! limb of which flapped about a He was forcing himself tbrouV was rugged ond wrinkled and , the tint of old oak: his ml ,, 1 -" H like, and fierce, and' a 1 T 0 escaned from under his battered J nearly to his shoulders. This , looking person came stumping »!, „ along toward me, whisking K - f i and then viciously in the air . ^ his fell of hair a short shake, ® preparing to attack. a,f l - I stood up involuntarily with „ t ' fear and surprise, almost fancvl'? in that wooden-legged old soldier L, demon who haunted Der Freiscbutz So he approached shouting— yo Dost w r u - Low came >» And he drew near panting, and Jul tugging angrily in his haste at bis Mmeii leg, which sunk no,v and then d was convenient in tbe sod. This ex' helped to anger him, and when be before me, his dark face smirched and dust, and the nostrils of his flatdm r e^r n r de i a , nd quivered as t e p 3atl the gills of a fish; an angrier or usIier J M would not be easy to fancy, j . i . , — ^ 6 like, will ye) Kill " Ye'll all come when ye do nout but what pleases yourselves, B you ? And who'rt thou ? Dost are ye, I say; and what the deilseek , the woods here f Come, bestir thee'" If his wide mouth and great tobacco-st* teeth, his scowl, and loud discordant tones intimidating, they were also extremely i, " I n a ™ Miss of Know! M(i bilas Kuthyn, your master, is my uncle" " Hoo!" he exclaimed more gently « if Silas be thy uncle thou'It be come''to li wi' him, and thou'rt she as come ovet-ni^ht 0 eh ? I made no answer, but I believe Ilookls both angrily and disdainfully. (To he conlinucd.J lei ilel m ting. 1 he moment my spirit was roused ; courage came. tvlii 