GEHEKAI. HEWS. A hundred gold-fish were stolen from the pond in tbe Parliamentary reserve, on the nigbl oftbelSthinttaat Tbe Guardian state* that a movement is on foot having for it* object the establishment of a Heat Preserring Company in Catnperdown. Hr. G. P. Smith, it i* stated, has been in dnoed to forego ha determination to remain apart from poli tia, and will probably contest Jforth Melbourne. Mr. Penny, a brewer, of Melbourne, has been before the police^oort at Fitxroy on a charge of brutally assaulting his wife because (he ooold not keep their bed dear oi bugs. He was fined three guinea* and cost*. A man whose name is stated to be Champion, a gunsmith, at Casdemaine, baa been drowned in the baths, at Sandhurst, having been at tacked by a fit while batting. A new freezing- machine has been invented by Mi. A. Goby, a coppersmith, of Lonsdale Btreet east, Melbourne. It can make 41b. of ice per hour, using only one basketful of cbar coalfor 161b. of ice, and about li gallons oi ammonia. TJie cost of tbe machine i£ only £20. It is stated in tbe Ballarat papers that Cap tain Macmabon has forwarded a letter to Sir Francis Murphy, intimating that if he (Captain MacmahoD) has the honour of being again re turned as one of the members of West Mel bourne, it ie his intention to contest the Speakers hip with Sir Francis. The stoppage of the Central Mice, near Malms bnry, is reported in the Kyneion Guardian. This vesture is supported aimuel entirely by English capital, over £50,000 baring been invested in tbe development of tbe alluvial lead at Malnu bury and a quartz reei at Fryerstown. It is stated in a Queensland journal that a powder-flask marked ' Lejcacardt, '54,' has been found on the Aramac, near ite junction with the Thomson, blight trace though it be of the lost explorer, it is sufficient, tne same paper thinks, to render it a duty to make a fresh effort to discover Or. LeichbardL A new army of ' Japs ' will shortly invade Melbourne under the command of Mr. John Smith, who, it will be remembered, so success fully piloted tbe former troupe of Japanese, in conjunction with Mr. Lenton. The company includes twelve performers, all of them said to be very clever. They will open at the Prin cess' Theatre next week at the dose ol tbe opera season. Tbe Geeltmg Advertiser reports some good news (or the shareholders in tbe Victorian Woollen Cloth Company. It has been stated thai a Geeloog warehouseman has offered to buy up their tweeds at the market price, and that his offer is to be tykfn into consideration at tbe meeting of directors to be held on Mon day next. The warehouseman who has made toe offer to the directors believes, we under stand, that be will be able to dispose of nearly a* much tweed &s; the company can produce. A sad case of burning took place in Rich mood on Thursday ereoiug. A young woman, named Eliza Sproban, aged seventeen ye&re;, a domestic servant in the employ of Mr. Sayere, Leonox-st3*eet, was endeavouring to extinguish a chimney, which had taken lire, when ber drees, which was of muslin, became ignited by tbe ?parks, and in a few seconds she was enveloped in flames, and shockingly burnt Lie. Gregory was at once sent for, and be did all in his power for the sufferer, who n-as subsequently removed to the Melbourne Hospital, where she now lies. It is stated that the case is considered boneless. Frederick Stephens, a water-rate collector, was charged on remand, before the City Court last we*&, with embtzzling a sum of monev which he had collected for the Water Supply department. Seveo distinct cases of embezzle ment were proved against tbe prisoner, amount ing in all to £15 12*. The total amouot of th* dthctency was stated to be £5S5 Is 64 Tbe prisoner, acting on the advice of his solicitor, reserved his defence. The Bench committed him for trial at the next General Sessions. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £100 each, and himself in £200. Maryborough has a sensation in the shape of a ghost The story runs that a tail figure in white has of late made its appearance near Gidding's, in tbe vicinity of Princes' Fark. It is habited in the dress of a female, and stands for boors immovable, and transfixed to one spot. Kext it was teen about Blackman'e Lead, and lastly it has — or something very much like it — ^turned up near the reservoir. It has se verely frightened numerous individuals, and alo.oet pertormed the miracle of changing tie Ethiop's akin. The police have been after it, but nave not succeeded in catching it yet A blackfellow, who had evidently been very much agitated about something of the kind, appeared before tbe Maryborough Police Court on Mon day morning, and complained of the conduct of tut ghost, but bis Worship (Mr. Joyce) said he could nothing for him, and advised him to catch it Tbe following extract from a letter received by a gentleman from a relative in tbe Govern ment service at F^zabad, Oude, India, is given by the Ballarat Star:—' England must with draw troops from India if Bhe enter into ani war, aod I do not care to see my family in India when the troops are withdrawn, more especially in a war with Russia. The native sympathies are even now expressed in fsroar of rvussia. Imagine a schoolboy saying to hie master, ' Whu's the use of teaching me Eug lish, why don't you teach me Russian, it will be much more useful to me f This was tbe opeech of a native boy in Lucknow. Tbe na tives upon entering into bonds of all sorts Dow enter the proviso — 'So long as tbe British rule may last in this country.' I have a good deal oi intercourse with them, and am convinced that they now consider the end of the British rule more certain than they did during the mu tinies ; and more, are desirous of it' The newly-arrived Chinese giant, Chang Woo Gow, made his how for tbe first time before a Melbourne audience last week. Cbang has a worldwide fame, having, though only twenty foor years of age, been six years on bis travels. Hi* height ie said to be about S/t lin., and his weight over 3001b. His manner is quiet and unassuming. Chang has pitched bis camp at St GeorgeVhall, where the seat* have been cleared away bo as to make a promenade of tbe body of the halt. En tbe centre there is a small ?pace enclosed, with a sort of counter at each end, upon which are exhibited a variety of Chinese and Japanese articles, also photo graphs of Chang and bis wife. These are sold by Mr. and Mrs. Chang, and a remarkably sharp little Chinese boy. As for a performance, there is nothing of the sort attempted. The giant appears tint in Chinese costume, and afterwards in a suit of tweed, the former be coming him much more than tbe European dress. To see him standing a short distance off, when surrounded by a crowd of questioners, gives the idea of a man of fair beigbt among achooIboyB. Kin Foo, Chang's wife, otherwise ' tbe golden lily,' also attracts a good deal of attention. The hall was fairly attended, and those present seemed well satisfied with the exhibition. A remarkable suicide was discovered on Wednesday evening in the Survey Paddock, Richmond. The dead body of a man eras found hanging from the branch of a tree ic the paddock, with a rope round his neck. The remains were those of a person about forty years of age, 6ft Tin or 5ft Sin high, fair hair, inclined to curl, slender build, and dressed in a grey frieze sac coat, bound with black braid, a grey ribbed under-flannel, grey cotton socks, elastic-Bide boots, and a soft grey felt hat In one of bis pockets was found a letter enclosed in an envelope, on which was written, 'Please open this and give it to tbe police.' Inside the envelope was a sheet of note-paper, on which was written : — ' This is to certify my name is Arthur Hicks, of Phillip Island and ijcbnapper Point, Morningfcoo. I have been drove mad by my wife. God Almighty have mercy on my son], and forgive my wife.' The body was removed to the Bridge Inn. Saturday's Age eayB one of tbe most extra ordinary and distressing oases on record was investigated «t the Pranran Police-court, yes terday. Three females of ladylike appearance, and who have been accustomed to move in thoroughly respectable society, were charged vritii having burglariously entered the premise* of Mr*. Clarke, Raleigh-etree^ Windsor, and stolen several articles therefrom. Theaooused were Mm. Anne Green, aged fifty, widow of a Dublin solicitor, and her two daughters, Mrs. : Mary Long, aged twenty-five, wifeof ? gentle man emjiloyed in * chemist's »hop in Melbourne, . and Alias Anne Green, aged nineteen. The mother and her youngest daughter resided witl. Mrs. Long, in iv house in Ralegh-street, Wina*-jr,whiob is next to Mrs. CUrWs bouse, and separated therefrom by a right-of-way. Toe «vjdeno8 given also tends to Bake tb» cane an extraordinary one, it wm to the ieffect ; Mist latMrrwo had broken into the non*o in , the middle of the day, on the 16th inst, while the inmstea were absent therefrom, and stolen several articles, ins^diBg a gold watch, mine brooches, books, and bottles of ale and porter, which articles were found on the sam« day by tbe pobce in tbe boose where the three pri soners were. Tbe two young prisoners were discharged, bat Mrs. Green was committed for trial Tbe arrest of Mr. Duncan Longden on a charge of issuing valueless cheques, which hap pened some time back, promisee to be fruitful of profit to the legal fraternity. We learn that a writ against the London Chartered Bank, at Geelone, was issued by Mr. Longden, and was served last week. The cause of action stated cheques during his absence in Gipps Land, while at the same time funds rat lying to hit credit in the bank. In consequence of tbe cheques being diahuoonred an information was sworn against Mr. Longden, and proceedings instituted against him. These, however, were afterwards dropped. The damages Mr. Long den claims against the bank are fixed at fire thousand pounds. At Sydney, on Tuesday, the metropolitan in tercolonial exhibition of wool was held nnder the auspices of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales. There were 40 exhibits of ?washed, and of 59 greasy wooL Mr. Carrie, of Lara, takes tbe first pr.ie for the best bale of washed wool, and Mr. Gibson, of Tasmania, takes the E-i»Dd prize. Mr. dime also takes the second prize ior greasy ewes* wool, and the special p ire for the heaviest and best ttreke fleeces i. grease from colonial-bred ewes. Mr. Jennings, of DeniUquin, won the first prizs for the best .reive fleeces from the western salt bush cooutrv ; and Mr. M'Bean. of Deniliquin, tikes tbe second prize. Mr. Fisher, of Ade laide, 4-kes the special prize for rams' greasy wooL Mr. Curne's was generally pronounced the finest exhibit ever shown here. On, Tuesday, a very sad case of suicide oc curred at Sandhurst, Mrs. John Lockhart, the wife oi a well-to-do storekeeper, residing in MunoV-Ftreet, poisoned herself, in con«*iuence, it is said, ot tbe continual intemperance of her husband. Directly the uofuncation was con veyed to the husband of the death of hU wife be attempted to take his own life by cutting Ins throat, bat be wae prevented, and taken to tbe lock-up, where it was necessary to employ three men to h'*ld him to prevent him doing himself injury. Mrs. Lockhart received needful medical assistance, but all was of no avail, and she died almost immediately. She was a tteady and lndusLrious woman, and leaves three chil dren, the eldest being seven yeare. Mr. Lock hart was the bolder of a fourth share in the original of the Prince Alfred Tribute Company's Claim, that paid so well for a considerable time, and it seems that his prosperity was too much for him. We have heard a good deal (says the Orcas Spectator) of the extraordinary number of (ish taken out of the Ovens River by the baskets of Mr. Henley's wheel at Oiiey, which he uses for lifting water for irrigation purposes. On a recent visit to Mr. Henley's, we witnessed the canons process — one never contemplated by the proprietor, speculative as be is. Tbe bucket* are rather deep, and as the fish endeavour to make up the river, they get into them as they pass, evidently to etcape tbe force of the down current, and are thus lifted and emptied witn the water into the flame. Large and small ke«p constantly turning up, and of all kinds, but they generally come m shoals, and we our selves witnessed within half -an- hour some two dozen fish, chiefly bream, weighing from a few ounces to three and four pounds each. The small ones are, of course, returned to the river, but we believe, at least, a hundredweight of saleable fish in the twenty-four hours is tne role and not tbe exception. From the flame and race the fish are lifted by a net, aud deposited in an artuicial pond through which water is con stancy running, sod her e they are also netted as required, and sold in the tame condition as if then and there taken out of the river. The Sydney Herald sayt :— On tie afternoon of the I.'icb, the Upper Bogiu wag visited by cue of the most violent haustorme perhaps on record. At Genanagie, the station of Mr. K. Gilmour, some of the hailstones that fell were as large as emus' eggs. I weighed one dozen of tneaj just as they could be obtained. They reached 6ib. ? and they lost portion of their weight in carrying to the scales by hand some little distance. Such was the violence with which the haiUtooec feU that it produced ten holes in the shearers' hut, jast as if ten-pound choc had been tired at it Tbe root of the sture suffered in like manner, and tbe glass in the window of the house was smashed. It blew heavily while tbe storm lasted. Several sheep and lambs were killed in the vicinity, and I hear of others destroyed by the same cause while travelling, and which passed this station a itw days ago. A heavy fjJJ of rain followed the bail. One of our shepherds had » cast-iron pol broken by the hailstones. The Hampden Guardian reports that a cabe of snskfc-bite occurred on Sunday last, which, although of an alarming nature, fortunately has not been attended by any fatal lesult. It would appear that Walter Price, who is in the employ of Mr. C Pdie, of this town, was, on (he afternoon in question, attending to eome cattle in a paddock at Gnotuk, when be observed a snake of a carpet species, about fuur feet lODg. Dismounting, he proceeded to kill the reptile, which took refuge in a log. Price managed, however, to prevent the snake getting away by holding it down with his whip-handle, and was in tbe act of stooping to pick up a stick with which to despatch it, when tfie snake made a dart and seized him by the thumb of the right hand, inflicting a severe bite, and leaving a fang in tbe wound. Price immediately drew out the fang, and scarified the wound with his knife. The blood flowed freely, and he made bis way at once to the township for medical assistance, continuing all the way to suck the wound. A friend whom he met bound a ligature tightly round the thumb, and on bis araiv&l; at Csmperdown, Dr. Macmanus injected ammonia into the wound, and prescribed the usual remedies. Dnring the night tbe patient exhibited all the symptoms consequent npon snake poisoning, and bad to be constaut.'y attended and walked about, brandy and ammonia being freely administered. To wards the morning be appeared to rally, and the next day had so far recovered as to dispense with any further treatmest. For tbe last twelve months two enterprising coal miners have been thoroughly exploring tbe neighbourhood of Western Port, in the ex pectation of discovering coal seams. After long aud patient search then- efforts have been re warded by the discovery of a seam of excellent coal, ranging from two to four feet thick. Tbe discoverers, Messrs. WaUh aud M'Cartny, have commenced mining operations ior the purpose of testing the value of the seam, and a drive has been put in for about forty feet A ship ment of about six tons arrived in Melbourne from the mine on Wednesday, by the ketch ' William and .Elizabeth.' The specimen has been examined by a number of persons who take ao interest in the discovery, and the general opinion seems to be that the quality of the coal uhowo is superior to that imported from Newcastle. It is in blocks from lew t_ up to 5c»-t and 6cwt, and appears remarkably free from any impurities. Tbe position of the mine is at Eolciinda, near the Bass River, aud there it deep water at Griffith's Point, four miles off, where tbe Government are about erecting a jetty. The discoverers have secured the lease of a block of land of 600 acres, and another lease of 640 acres some few miles inland, where there are excellent indications of coal ehowing on the surface. The coal has been shown to Mr. W. M 'Donald, manager of tbe Melbonrn-- Gas Works, aud he has expressed s highly faiuiirable opinion of the specimen sent to him a* a gas coal It is tbe intention of Messrs. W*jBhand M 'Cart by to form a com pany to work the newly-discovered mine, the importance of which, should it succeed, it is almost impossible to over- estimate. Some fine specimens of the coal are to be seen at the Albion Hotel, Bourke-street We (OommonoeaUh) have all along contended that Mr. Macpherson intended to do justice to the free selectors, and this is evidenced by the line of conduct punned towards the selectors of Baninyong East and Buoinyong Mount, who have been promised the fee-simple of their re spective holdings at £1 per a:re. We confess that we have no sympathy whatever with those persons who attempt to get np an opposition to the Ministry because Mr. Macpherson is Land Minister, isasmsch as we have the fullest and fairest confidence that the Administration pre sided over by Sir James M'Colloch will at all tunes pay due attention to lie want* and re quirements of the colonists. Sir James M 'Cul (och, mow than any other man, has shown that he is identified with tbe people ; all bit public acts apeak tor themselves. It ctm be who carried the motion in the Home for diverting Ike sum annually set apart from the land fund for immigration to be devoted to extend onr railway* to populous plaoes, and it wa* under Sir James M'Cuiloch that the people pot jKreses sion of tbe lands ot tbe colony. He will bo doubt perfect the good work eo well c-»mmenc«d, and afford every facility to acquire the fee simple of the land by a uev laud 2Ct in tbe coming session of Parliament. Respecting Angora goats, the Wagga Erprcsi has something to say. Our contemporary re ports that a remarkably tine flock of these valuable animals, consisting of one buck and twenty-five ewes, passed through Tares tta during tbe current week on their way to the paddocks of their owner, Mr. C Bilton, at Albury. This little nock was, a sb«rt time since, purchased by Mr. Bolton in tbe Hunter River district from Mr. Black, and from thence were sent by Newcastle steamer to Sydney and then by rail to Goulbnru, and from that city to their new home are now being driven on foot. They are in very good condition, very tame and docile, and will, we predict, prove a profitable investment to M.r. Bolton, their fleeces, or more correctly speaking hair, having realUed from 3« to 4s per lb in the London market In addi tion to this Sock Mr. Boiton it, n-e undenUaa. getting up several very choice animals of tbe same breed from Melbourne, with tbe intention of regularly commencing tbe gromh of Angora biir in the Alburj district. Howuitthat none of oar squatters, none of our gentlemen farmers and amateur agriculturists, nave ever thought of emulating the enterprise of Mr. Bolton id this district? The town and district is Gwamung with flocks of feed- destroying, vvget*ble-tl)-ev- iBg, garden plundering docks of the useless com mon goat The An^ura would cost no more to keep than these useless pesU. It is quitv as Lardy, multiplies nearly, if uot quite as fast, and its hair is eager).;- sought after by English manufacturere, at price* that the ovners ot the best merino Sucks in the country might envy. We hope that tbe Angora goat will ere long be introduced into the district 