PROMINENT TOPICS. HIS HOLINESS THE POPE. IT will be a cause of rejoicing to our readers that at the de- parture of the mail the Holy Father was in good health, and was enduring his grievous trials with serenity and resignation, trusting for his deliverance to the prayers of the faith- ful and the strong arm of God. But his liberty was much curtailed, such guarantees as the usurping Government had offered having been violated in several cases. His postal communications were to be uncontrolled and held sacred, and yet when his chief advisers Cardinal Antonelli, desired to send a telegram to Belgium, announcing an attack in the streets of Rome upon a friend of the Papacy, the message was refused on the ground that It was a reflection upon the constituted authorities, who were charged with the main- tenance of law and order. These authorities are unable or dare not attempt to control "the brothers of the sect," and they wish to conceal the acts of these villains from the world ; they wish to hide the fact that Rome under the Italian usurpation is in a state of anarchy, and that even many of those who welcomed the Italian troops now regard them with aversion. The Holy Father, as might have been expected, will not touch Italian money nor will he accept of a stipend from any other power. He has no need to do so just at present, for costly presents are pouring in upon him from different quarters. And as for the future—that is till his do- minions are restored to him—the Catholic world will surely supply his wants. The Holy Father had no intention of leaving Rome; but there was some reason to fear that be might be obliged to do so by the outrages of the sect." But whatever turn affairs may imme- diately take, it seems more certain than ever that by the joint action of some of the European nations the Holy Father's temporal power will be re-established with guarantees for its future indefectibility. As the Holy Father was being presented with an ivory cross by an unknown and mysterious lady who appeared in the audience-hall without intro- duction or the knowledge of those in the ante- chamber, he was told by her to " pray and hope." and this is what the faithful sons of the Church must do in all parts of the world. THE struggles of some MR. C. BRIGHT men to get into Parlia- AND EAST ment are very severe. MELBOURNE. How much men who hare no claims to the honour have to sacrifice and endure, Mr. C. Bright could tell if he were so disposed. No one knows better than he how hard it is to become a "trimmer" without earning the distrust of all parties, or to " rat" without incurring the disgrace which attends treachery. He has had painful experience of the mortification and humiliation which await the man who eaters upon the crooked path in politics; and without much injury to himself he may be ad- vantageously held up as a shocking example of the want of honesty and principle in the aspirant to public honours. What he was he is not, and what he is no one knows. At the time of the Darling Grant controversy be was an ardent Constitutionalist; now he says that but one House is required. Some few years ago, when connected with the Spectator, he was an ardent free-trader; now he proclaims himself a protectionist. Formerly he was the political opponent of Mr. Higinbotham ; now his admiration for that gentleman is un- bounded, in the hope that by thus ratting he will catch the Orange and Rechabite votes. How much Mr. C. Bright has done to gain his election no one can say; how much more he is wiling to do is only known to himself. But to whatever lengths he may be willing to go, his sacrifice of self-respect and principle can avail him nothing. The Protectionists will have none of him, for they distrust him, the Argun, which erst was the organ of the Constitutional party, repudiates him. His independence be has sacrificed by truckling to the one party and the other, and there is now no position he could take up in which he would not be an object of reproach and suspi- cion. After " trimming " and " ratting" most unscrupulously and audaciously, he now finds himself degraded in the opinion of all parties. If he had only been as clever as he is unscru- pulous, be would have succeeded in deceiving all parties, and East Melbourne as a constitu- ency would fall to the level of Grenville or Ballarat. But fortunately Mr. Bright has not had brains enough to hide his utter want of principle; his name being a satire upon his intellect, the nature of his struggles and his sacrifices to get into Parliament are revealed, and these have been so severe and humiliating that he may now fitly be regarded as the re- presentative of a class who would sacrifice everything, honour not excepted, to the grati- fication of their mercenary and ambitious motives. If we could employ the pencil in our service we might make as good a hit as ever Touchstone did, by representing Mr. Service as an organ-grinder playing the no- Popery tune in a high key and Master Charley Bright as his monkey. PEOPLE may learn from the THE PARKES fate of Mr. Parkes in what TESTIMONIAL, estimation the public hold men who for personal and political purposes foment religious discord in a community. After receiving a large amount of public money he became insolvent in purse, and was not better able to explain the fact than he was to account for the Kiama apparition. He bungled the business in each instance, and he is now paying the penalty of his wickedness and folly. For the ghost- raising affair he bad to endure the scorn of all good men, and for his utter recklessness in the insolvency business, of the interests of friends and foes alike, he lost the favour of the small bigoted patty who helped him to notoriety for their own illiberal purposes. Mr. William Forster most effectually damned him in rela- tion to that little episode in his misspent life, so effectually that the Parkes Testimonial Committee, though they resorted to persuasion and pressure, such as our own Mr. Grant would be quite ashamed of, were unable to raise a sum sufficiently large to purchase an annuity that would be equal to the yearly income of a common labourer. The whole of New South Wales was appealed to on behalf of Mr Parkes, and the response of the colony is represented by £1000! The correspondent of the Argus says: "Mr. Parkes' Testimonial, which has been hanging fire for a long while, is at last closed. The amount is miserably small compared with what was expected, and the published list shows the subscriptions to be few in number and small in amount." The ex-agitator being bankrupt in political reputation as well as in purse, the people of New South Wales declined to subscribe for a testimonial to him. The conscience of a com- munity is not a scrupulous monitor nor always a virtuous one ; but in this case the proposition was too flagrant and absurd not to be rejected by it. Therefore the amount was " far below expectations," and " miser- ably small," and the names of the sub- scribers " few." The scheme fell flat upon upon the public, and the cost of it upon the promoters. Mr. Parkes had taken from so many who under other circumstances, might be inclined to give, that he had nothing to get when the application was made. He had ex- hausted, his credit, and squandered his reputa- tion, and there was neither sympathy nor money for him when he most needed both. With misfortune came disgrace upon him, and the only use to which he can possibly be turned in the political world hereafter is for men of character and principle to point to him as an example of the miserable and dis- graceful end to which a political schemer and a religious firebrand must inevitably come. VICTOR EMMANDEL AND ROME. WHAT would be a start- ling item of intelligence —if we could only believe it—has been reported by the Californian mail, to the effect that Victor Emmanuel made his entry into Rome on the 1st of January, and was "enthusiastically received." Transatlan- tic intelligence is not always of the most re- liable character, and there is good reason to believe that in this particular instance it has fully maintained its repute. By the Suez mail we had telegraphic intelligence from Europe to the 23rd of January, and the latest reference to Victor Emmanuel is that his entry into the Eternal City had been de- ferred till the middle of the month. It is not very likely that if the event had actually taken place all mention of it would have been omitted by this route. In fact, eager as this royal plunderer was to despoil the Holy Fa- ther, he is not at all in a hurry to visit the chief scene of his achievements. His ruffianly soldiers are carrying on a reign of terror in Rome, from the effects of which English Pro- testant families are by no means exempt; and the renegades who expect to profit by his patronage are busily occupied in preparing for his reception—getting up "enthusiasm" and so forth ; but for all that, he may be des- tined to disappointment as complete as' that which overtook other sneerers of the Church, whose prospects seemed quite as brilliant and assuring. In the meantime, His Holiness is calmly awaiting the course of events, pro- bably sad, indeed, but comforted by hopes which have never for one moment failed. When recently sending his blessing to a house in Rome, he accompanied it with these touching words: —" I cannot come to you, because I am a prisoner; but the days of our happiness will return and we shall see them!" When the usurper does pollute the Eternal City with his feet he will only be taking another step towards the inevitable doom which awaits such perfidy. THE false, fleeting, perjured Prim is PRIM, no more. His career of treasons, stratagems, and spoils is miserably ended by the bullets of republican, assassins, and Spain can again breathe freely. The would-be king-maker —the chief cause of anarchy in Spain, and probably of unknown troubles for Europe—was cut off before he reached the height of his ambition. No sun shall ever usher forth mine honours, Or gild again the noble troops that waited Upon my smiles. In the estimation of Europe the Spanish nobleman was the type of honour and bravery; bat Prim's character presented a most re- markable contrast to such virtues. He was a traitor to his Queen and his country, but never reaped the reward of his treachery. By his acts he covered his name with infamy, but never reaped the reward for which he sacri- ficed his own honour and the interests of his country. The state of parties in Spain barred him from the gratification of his personal am- bition, which was the mainspring of all his actions. Failing in his first design, he hoped to have a puppet king, and to rule the nation through him. But just on the eve of their fruition his plans were frustrated by the hand of the assassin. He has met the doom of a traitor; but the good cause which he ruined is not stained by the blood which his murderers have shed. Vengeance has fallen upon him. but not at the hands of those whom he betrayed. They are guiltless of his death, and they will regret it because he was unprepared to meet his doom. He died working iniquity, and the evil that he wrought must live after him, at least for some time to come. The King he imposed upon Spain is likely to wield the Royal sceptre for a short time. The storm will surely gather, but it may be some little time before it will break over the head of the infamous Victor Emmanuel's son. With- out Prim, who made him a King—he will be but a king in name—without the arch- traitor to guide him, he will be a simple- ton in the hands of opposing factions. He will be undone by Spanish intrigue when, perhaps, he may deem himself most secure ; and the prelude to the return of loyalty and freedom may be as disastrous to unhappy Spain as the treason of Prim in the first instance was. But his death is one step, and not an unimportant one, towards the re- storation of a legitimate monarchy and free- dom, and though the nation should have to suffer much in its efforts to right itself, the reward will be commensurate with its struggles and sacrifices. IT appears that some THE IRISH of the Irish political POLITICAL PRISONERS, prisoners " refused re- lease on the terms of voluntary exile." So says the Argits corres- pondent, and the statement is amusing enough as a delicious specimen of the British bull. The prisoners are politely informed that they are at liberty to bid a final farewell to their native land; there is to be no compulsion, but they must go, and that is what our intel- ligent friend terms " voluntary exile !" Really the proposal seems so absurd altogether that it is possible we may not have yet heard the correct story. Some of the prisoners must have already dreed out the greater portion of their sentences, so that in a comparatively brief period they should be set at large with- out any exercise of the Royal prerogative. Can they have been asked to transport—that is, to " voluntarily exile"—themselves ? Surely that would he too silly and stupid a proposi- tion. To those whose term of imprisonment comprises the most valuable portion of a man's life, the boon, although so clogged with conditions, may have been welcome, however; for they must have suffered bitterly amid the amenities of a convict gaol, and liberty is very sweet, even when purchased at the cost of expa- triation. But, in the name of all that is wise and generous, why should an amnesty professedly so gracious he accompanied by a condition which deprives it of its chief value to the prisoners as well, as to the Government ? To the prisoners and their friends— to every lover of liberty in England and everywhere else— it will mean only banishment for life ; to the Government it will produce additional anti- pathy, instead of national gratitude. For several months they have been led to expect an unconditional pardon. In fact, Mr. Glad- stone made a quasi promise to this effect early in 1870, and the Spectator does not hesitate to describe the terms of the amnesty as in- volving a dangerous breach of faith. As our generous London contemporary observes:— " Of all the causes which have tended to make the relations between the two countries so bitter and so bloody, hardly any have been so potent as this holding the word of promise to the car at one time, and quibbling it away at an- other with professions that have all the effect of solemn and exultant insincerity." When a grave and philosophic English journal is thus warmed into indignant remonstrance, can there be any wonder at the disappointment and exasperation of the prisoners and their fellow countrymen ? They expected to spend the Christmas with their families—to be once more free and at home, and they would have felt hound in honour to acknowledge their obligations to the Government; but in their bitter disappointment those who have gone into "voluntary exile" are not likely to cherish friendly or respectful feelings towards an administration which could not afford to be magnanimous. The course taken by Mr. Gladstone must be regretted by every friend and gloated over by every enemy of, the empire. The men whom kindly and liberal treatment might have converted into peaceful, though still; decidedly, patriotic, citizens, may hereafter become engaged in hostile opera- tions which no British statesman can regard without anxiety. Here has been another grand opportunity for creating amicable rela- tions between the two countries, and one of the wisest of modern statesmen has flung it away. 