!' THE NEWS OF TIIE DAY. Wo "may shortly expect to hoar of sorao report on tho water supply sohemo for tlio Colony having heen sont in for tho considora- tion of tho Ministry, as one of tho passengers by the incoming mail steamer Avoca is Liqut.- Colonel Sankoy, 11. IS., Chief iilngmeer ht Mysore, Bengal, who, has boon deputed by the Indian Government, at the request of our own Government, to inquire into arid re port .upon the present state of onr water supply sohemo. It is generally understood that as soon as ho has sent in his report ho iwill, return to his own duties, and that somo ptbor gentleman will receive tho appointment iof, enguieor-in-chief. j The quarterly roturn-of tho buoinoss tran sacted by the eloctrio telegraph department .'still shows a, steady, inoreaso, both in the number of messages transmitted by: the wires, and also.in the revenue.-. The monthly averago of , the number of messages reeoived 'and transmitted from tho. Melbourno . office in 1869 wiiis-'1257,'but upon the reduction in .trie piieo oftelegranis.lasyerir th'e iriorithly average rose' to1 .19,568.; but tlio threo months : of 'the present year i show a stiU greater 'increase, the number in. March amounting to ,23,-70.1. :: The revenue does not show such a largo increase, but this is explained, by the reduced prico at which telegrams ai-o now sent.' ,In'1869 the iriorithly average in Melbourrie was £1310, but in trie year- following this ; was reduced to £1218. In March' of tbo present year it:. has in- oroased to £1355. Tho_ departmental re venue has also increased satisfactorily,, tho monthly average', in 1869 being £2848, against £3167 in March, I871.: In the letter of our correspondent, "Tho Victorian in London," will be found an ex planation '.of. the filibuatering- report that reached here by tolegram last mail. Tho name of G. F. Train appearing in conriootion with/ the- affair stamps, it as unworthy of notice. ...Wo. .understand that tho hon. Georgo Jtolfe. is:. a candidate .for the directory of- the National Bank.- Many yeara ago when; the National had. to Be piloted through; some tioklish time's, -Mr. P.olfo was elected a direotor, 'and .was - chairman'. of' the; bank; until .be - retired, for- Sir Frariqis Murphy, to. fill the chair. Well- wishers to tlio.banlc' hope for Mr. Rolfe's' re-election to the' office! of director, i , j.- . v j !:The inbinbers of tbe: North _ Ovens' Shite Counoil, have.- decided by, a, majority, of. fiyq to -four ihl favor of payment ot shri-e council xnembers';for expenses incuiTed- in travel ling i to- arid /frpiri the. place of,, meeting. It -Was argued, . that the legislature had already recognised the principle in .'the base of meinbers 'of ! Parliament) and; .that tlierofore -the -right of the members ' of lobal 'ibdier Wri reuribursemerit :;of their -experises' oould1. not 'be contested.. All. the other local public bodies are.to bo memoria lised in order to obtain their co-operation in getting '.the Shires and Boroughs statutes, altered, so. .no to allow of payment of mem bers. - ' - ' ' Renter's Express, under date of Paris, 6th February, quotes' the following, from tho Poppcl;— "The first act : of M.' Dorian, in assuming ..the Ministry iof Commerce _ad interim! duiing tho alwonco. of_M. Maguin, will bo provisionally to give notice. .to termi nate the treaty of commerce with England, nkinli Kvnil-ilil r,Tl fllA 4th of FeblUarV. Bv the terms of that treaty, coucludod in 1860 for ten years, it was to bo renewed after, that time from year to year, as long as no notico to' terminate it had been given. No notice was given to. terminate, it- last year. But M. Dorian has come to the conclusion that -as a .provisional minister he neither could nor onght to prejudge so serious a question, and to engage tho country in ad vance for a whole yoar. Ho has therefore given notice of termination, or rather sus pended the treaty, reserving to the National Assembly tho right of deciding whether it is "to bb 'continued or definitively terminated." If what tho Portland Ouardian, 6th April, -Writoa_rtEpecting.tho_ wreck pf..tho Barwon bo correct, some inquiry must bo held irito tho causes of- tho .wreck. "About five aim. on tho 3rd inst. the steamship Bar- won, on the voyage from Adelaide to Syd ney, with a cargo of flour and wheat", says tho Guardian, " was run ashore on what is suDnosed to havo boon Wadmore's Keaf at Capo Bridgewntor. So far as wo can learn it appears to bave boon one of tho passengers that first gave tho alarm that, the 'steamer was. on the rocks, close inshore,- with the nlifTrt nf TrMffnwutftP hnnflinrr nvAPAttft Before the Bhip struck wo aro informed that it was one of tho passongers gave tho order to back her, which was done, but not iu time to savo tho vessel from bumping three times, the first bump, tbo heaviest, having mado a largo indorit in tho bottom abroast of tho foremast on tho larboard sido of the keel. The vessel was then run about ton miles and beached in Bridgowatcr Bay immediately uudor M'lCinlay'a ccttagc, and tho passongers landed. Tho dcwb of tho wrock reached town about ono o'clock in tho aftornoon, and tbo latest news is to tho effect that tho fore part of tho vessel aud nearly all tho vessel save tho stern is now under water and the Barwon is a wrock. In all tho Melbourne dailios to band of Tuesday, the 4th inst., wo find the following telographio nown iu nearly tho Bamo words :—' Portland, 3rd April. Tho, Barwon, Bteamer,' struck a rock at Oapo Bridgowatcr, at four o'clock this morning. Thcro was a thick fog at tho time. Too pas sengers are all saved. The Barwon is beached between CapeBridgcwater and Capo Nelson.' This was. tho story that first gained cur rency in tho town, but wo aro bound to say that tho part relating ' to, tho ' thiok fog' is not borno out by tho ovidonce of tho passcngors, a number of whom affirm that it was parfcctly clear, and no fog visi ble, and tho ovidonce of tho passengers is fully corroborated by the assurauco of tho Portland liglithouse-kcoper, who affirms that " the night was clear so far as his oyo oould reach and without any appearance! of fog in tho distanco.' In cases of wreck aud other disasters, there is almost certain to bo a conflict of ovidonoo, but there are circumstances iu the wreck of tho Barwon which imperatively demand investigation. If tho insurance companies only do their duty, thojpasseugors, twonty-oight, including three womon and somo children, will not .bo allowed to scatter over tho conntry till tho merits of tho caso ore duly invostigatod." .' Tho following declaration will accompany the -petition to tho hon. tho Chief Secretary, praying for an inquiry into tho charges brought against tho Ballarat Eastern Borough Council by Mr. Palmer : — " I, John Palmer," of -Ballarat, iu tlio colony of Victoria, do solemnly and sincerely deolaro that — First. Tho business of tho Ballarat East Borough Council is conducted with gross extravaganoo and wasto. Second. -That I believo largo su'tna of money liavo beon appropriated from tho borough funds contrary to tho spirit and intention of tho Boroughs Statute. Third. That- I discovered in tho cash hook of tho borough council tho following item and words: — 'Gardner — balance of C. Steinfold testimonial fund, £33 9s. ;' and as a Mr. Gardner was treasurer of a subscrip tion fund; to present Councillor Steinfeld with Bilver plate and sorvioo, I do solemnly and sineoroly believo this sum haB beon ap propriated for .this purpose. And T. make this solemn declaration conscientiously be lieving the samo to bo true, and by virtue of tho provisions of an Act of tho Parliament of Victoria rendering persons making a false declaration punishable for wilful and cor rupt perjury;- John Palmer,. Doolarod before- me, at Ballarat, this tenth day of .April, ono thousand eight hundred and sevonty-ono — Henry Lee, J. P." i The lught. itpV| Dr. uo.oict, .itqman uatno- lio Bishop of Melbourne, arrived in Geelong by the first tt-ain yesterday from Molbourne. Ho was not oxpooted at suoh.au oarly hour, arrangements haying beon made for his publio reception at tho railway, torininus on the ar rival of tho midday train. Tho bishop, upon loavipg tho terminus, wont direct to tho con- vont, in ordor.to mako an official inspootion. of tho establishment, wlioro bo remained until bo joined tho. procession ' in tlio aftornoon. The momhers of tho St. Patrick's Socioty mustered at St. Mary's to the number of 160, about forty of whom were mounted.' A pro- cossion wasthonformod in tho followingordor: —Advanced guard of St. Patrick's Society on horseback, momhers of the socioty on foot, riudo children of tho orphanage) other mem bers of tbo society, rear guard of members of society on horseback. In this ordor tho nroceBsion proceeded from St. Mary's school room to tho'convont, whore the bishop was awaiting its arrival. Arrived at tho convent tho procession re-formed, tho bishop, soatcd in a carriage drawn by four groy liorsos, talcing tlio ceritro position in' the cortogo ; on oither sido- and before and beliind wbom somo of tho leading Catholic gentle men of tho distriot rodo on horse back as a guard . of honor.' Wbori tho procession reached St. Mary's Cathedral tho edifice was quickly filled, when addresses from the Catbolios of Gee- long were presented by Mr. P. M'Donald, after wbioh Mr. John Spring, ths presidont of tho- St. Patriok's Society, presontod'an address on behalf of tho order. His lord ship having mado suitable replies, tbon gave the benediction of tho Holy Sacrament, and a To Deum was performed for tho last time in St. Mary's, as tho work of drimolition'of tho old building will commence immediately. iTlio. bon. M. O'Grady was tbo only Knight 'of the Order of St; Gregory presont. i A very pleasant evening was spent at Messrs. Hey manaon and Co. 's clothing fac tory, 80 Collins-street .east, on Monday night, in tho shapo.of a soiree and ball. A Very- elegant silvCr inkstand was pi-CBontod to Mr) W. Hoymarispri by Mr. Pascoe, the 'manager, on. behalf iof tho employes, as a imark of their respect, and esteem. Dancing was commenced at oiglit o'clock, after which ' about, 100 s(it. down to. regale themselves ,with tho good- things provided,- and to do jiistico to'tbe:t6a8ts and. witness; tho presen tation, „ During tbo . Dvoning ' songs wore given by tboi.oipploy.os, mid danojng kept up till, a very early jhrnir. on Tuesday morning, tho,,wholo affair / passing- offr satisfactorily to all. : ' \- By tho bombardmont of Paria .-107 civilians tyoro killed-311 oliildron", 23 women, and-53 men ;' 270" wero1woundcd-a-30 children,, 92 women, and l4I'men. Elizabeth' M'Cann, who ,! .was' arrested on Sunday charged with stealing , jewellery, the property of Maria L. Haven, of Studloy Park, would appear (says; tho Geelowj Advertiser) to havo beon an adept ot dodging." TWico did Sergeant Goodouough visit Stoncman'a boarding- houso,' whore she was staying, and - twico seeing .him come did she sneak out by one door as ho came in ot another. Tho third time, 'dressed in silks and- satins, and loaded with jewellery, she was ' found orouohed behind a gooseberry bush by Sergeant Toohey. She was engaged to bo married to a young man in this town, j . On Monday , (states . the . Qcclony Ad- vertiser) at tno Albion Woollen Factory, William-Murray, the foreman who is super- 'intendirig the erioction of tho uriw machinery, ' had 1 j rist' eomplotoa ! pu tting a. no w Oardwieg engine together-in working order, and had it in motidri When his hand was caught betweou the cards of tho oylindor, and his arm was dragged-in- as far as -the elbow. Tbo result, was that a corisideral'lo mortiou of the arm was severely lacerated/ the flesh being torn between 'the sharpened wires, almost as deep "as" Ijho" .borior , Tbo sufferer was ad- ri ./ted. to! tho h'ospitrih. Iu .consequence ;of the ' accident it is probable. this now nia- .chinory, _wbicli.would have been in operation in. a few .days, wiU bo delayed for a.wook or. two. ' /. ' ' '. . -On Good .Friday, the ceremoriy rif laying the corner stone of ilv now Pfimitivo Metho- dist ' church was' p'erfo'riried at Boxhill by Mrs. W-riBlanksby, of Norwood, in tho pro- senqo of , a large gathering of' people.' A hymn having been suug; the Ecv. AV. Gould, of Campbellneld, engaged in prayer, and road an appropriate portion of Scripture. While tho stone was being lowered to its beariDg the congregation sang Praise God frem whom, &c.;,. after which the stone was do- nlnrArl .Inlv Iftifl. intlin nxiflfl nf the Failifir. Son, and Holy Ghost. An address was de livered by the Rev. J. T. Pithouse, aftor which several pounds wore deposited upon the stone. Tea wagxcmcled (n tho Barkly- hall, "of which between 200. and 300 persons partook. A public meeting was held aftor the -tea, presided over by Mr. Blanksby. Addresses woro delivered l.y tho Revs W H. Walton, of lloidelliorg ; W. Gould of Umphcllliold ; and J T. Pithouse, of Esrt Mc bourne Tho building will 1,0 thirty f"t in length, by twenty foct in width ; height of walla from floor lino to wall-plato, twelve feet.-- Tho- amount subscribed towards thA undertaking is £100. - \- - Jit? . . Avooa, Capt. Farquhar, anchored m Hobsou'sBay at forty mmuteL past seven last ovcuing. Tho mails will therefore bo ready for delivery the first thing this inorriing. .' On Monday night, about twalvo o'clock a man named John Ellis, residing in Eliza- both-strcot, was taken to the hospital Hs had cut bimsolf severely in bis left arm with a razor. The motive ho assigned for this rash act was that his wifa had-:-/ 1 away with another man. A iad named Edward Brown was ad mitted into tho hospital yesterday, suffering' from a compound fracture of tho left leg He had been out shooting with ono or two companions at Diamond Creek, and had bud his gun down by his feet. Through soms accidont it explodod, the charge lodging in his leg. The injury is 80 severe that it is feared amputation will bo necessary. Sorao wooks ago a simple follow named Dunning was swindled out of £20 by a well, known magsmau- named Anderson and a confederate, by moans of a gamo played with piocos of papor or wood. Auderson was arrested within a day or two, and was con. victod of tbo offence and sentenced to six months' imprisonment, but bis mato could not. be found. . Ho was apprehended, how ever, a day or. two ago, and was brought before the City Court yestorday. Ho gave his. name as John Edwards, and was an elderly man. Tho prosecutor having left tho place, tho polico were unable to go on with the ohargo, and' tho man was therefore dismissed. An assault case, which was heard at tho City Court yestorday, in wliioh both com plainant and defendant were Chinamen, showed that a blow may sometimes havo a very different effect from that which was in- tended. Ah Fong, who appeared with his hoad bandaged, oharged his brothor Celestial Ah' Cock, with having violently assaulted him on tho 1st April. Somo quarrel bad arisen between them which ended in blows, and tho latter had' picked up a stick which was lying handy, and: struok tho other on tho head. . Ah Fong was suffering from a largo tumor upon his head, and upon this the stiok descended. Ho was taken to the hospital, where it was found that tho blow, having brokon- the tumor, had actually pro duced a good effect, although at first sight it looked as if his skull bad . been fraotured. Tho magistrates, however, took tho will and not the deod into consideration, and fined tho defendant 40s., or fourteen days' im prisonment. Two lads woro brought up at tho City (5ourt yesterday for inciting a crowd to roscuo a prisoner from the polico at tho DruidB1 fete, iu tho Friendly Societies' Gar dens;. on Monday. A man had beon arrested for disorderly conduct by two constables, who not being able to remove him at once to tho watohhouso, had placed him in a con venient corner by: tho fence and mounted gnard ovor him. Ono of theso lads ex claimed at tho constables daring to arrest a man at all at such a s'corio of innocent fes tivity, and called upon tho crowd to show their indignation at this interforonce with tho' rights of' ari Englishman. A nnmbor of rowdy youngsters commenced throwing stones, and matters began to look rather seri ous. YVhilo ono oonstable kopt the mob hack, tho other arrested Saudors, the lad who origi nated tho disturbance. A friond of Saudtrs, named Scotland, then came forward and said that ho would not allow his oompanion to be takon, < and soized hold of him, trying to got him away. Ho was also taken into custody. Another young man named Walton; who was " drunken, but not with wino," tho- gaiety of tho seone having ari exhilarating offset upon liim, alao inter- forod so norsistontlv that ho too was made a prisoner. They endeavored to exouso them- boIvos, but -Mr." Sturt remarked that tho police had a very difficult task to perform, arid that thoy .muat be protected fiom attempts of this kind.- Sanders and Walton were fined 40a. each, and Scotland, for ' actually interfering with a prisoner, 60s. . ! Tho body of a female child was found in tho Yarra, near Princo'a-hridge, on tho 6th instant, and an inquest was hold upon it by Dr. Yonl yestorday. It had not been identi fied, ande no traces of its prscsitj could lio found. Dr. Noild, who innao tne post mor tem examination, stated that from tlio ap- 1 pearances tho' body prosontod bo thought tho child had been born eight months aftor conception. . There wore no marks of vio lence riri the body, which . apparently had been in tho water about; thrco days. The child had .been born alive,! and. ho thought most liavo boon suffocated shortly after its birth. Ho was of opinion that tho deceased was born and died about tlie 3rd instant. A vordiotSvas .returnod' of wilful and malicious murder against some person or persons un known. " Mr. ' Wallaco, ' a blind man, assisted by several of liis pupils and others, constituting a chorus of about thirty voices; gave a con cert at "Williamstown on Tuesday- night, in tho local Mechanics' Institute, : tho room being crowded on tho occasion. Tho pro- . gramme, which consisted entirely of eaored : music, was gone through to tho evident satis faction -of tho audioncc. Mr. Wallace pre sided at the harmonium. \- The usual weokly mooting of tho Victorian Industrial Protection League was held at tho Trades Hall, Lygon-stroet, last evening. Mr. John Parker was oleotod president for tho ensiling quarter. ' There was also a tariff committee appoirited, arid it was agreed that this c >mmitteo should moot every Thursday evening at the same ploo6 to perform tho. duties in connection with its offioo. After some other minor business had been trans- aotod, the meeting soparatcd: ! Tho Ballarat papers report that a higbway- robbory undor . arms was . committed at Raglan shortly after midnight on Saturday last. Thomas Morffow, a contractor, was stopped on .tho road three miles wcBt of Beaufort by -two armed men, ono of whom, armed frith a gun, threatened to Bhoot Morffow, who waB trying to looson bis stirrup iron in ordor to make a resistance. _ Morffew was thon stabbod fhreo times in the thigh by the other man, dragged from hiri hprso, and£453, -nearly all in notes,', was taken' from his leather 'valise. He was then mado to walk to thotelo- i graph pole, whore thorobbors produceda chain and padlock, and sequred him tri the pole by his neck. Ho bled a good deal Morffew was fohnd on Sunday morning by Mrs. De- lanoy when going to Ararat, who gave tho alarm at Kelly's Hotel. Kelly filed the chain through, and bronght Morffow to Beaufort to Richardson's . Hotel, where ho remains under tho care of Dr. Johnston. His wounds are not -dangerous. It is .sup posed ho was followed from Beaufort by men knowing ho had money. Two men havo been arrested, bnt ono was .released,- as/ho proved an alibi; ' / The performances of Weston and La Fouillado's minstrels at the- Haymarket; Theatre last night were attonded by a largo audience. Mr. Arthur Romer sang a few homely, but none tho "Teas pleasing, ballads, and succeeded in eliciting somo of tho moat genuine applaviso w'o have heard_ for a long time past. Johnny Cowan was, if possible, moro amusing, than usual, and T. Buckley, in his favorite oharacter of Nicodemue John- son, was decidedly 'ono of tbo features oi the entertainment. The farce of the Mummy concluded the programme. The burlesque : of PapiUoriotta wm given in a greatly improved Btyle at the t'heatro Royal last night, and Mr. Henninga'a hcau- tiful scenery met with loud applause. The local song, by Mr. Harwood, with encore -verses, is quite equal to his former efforts in this way, and has a very fjaking melody. The burlesquo is, however, a very ehildisn piece of compositirin. It. is singular that tho management - could find nothing - bettor on which to graft the local allusions, and lavisn the attraotions of sooncry anwatpuie. Barlow's entertainment-;? tho Polyteohmo Hall last night was,.. visited by tho usual largo - nnmbor of playgoers. Assisted : hj Bromley, Miss Chalker, and Mr. -Darnels, our old friond kept the audionoe in a higu state of enjoyment for about two hours. Mr. Heller had a'fashionablo audienoe at his seance in St. George's Hall last evening, v e klnLlvr onfOPJiailll. ana ine perioruuuiw — We have received' the Ausdralian Mtdiml Gazette for March. The. number contains the usual amount, of matter interesting to tho pro feURDERtho titleof RovalMnilLettera, the .anocry- plial correspondence of the Duke and the fence oi Wales is published. The "7 LCCS m tho hoax ho plajcl, and ho jntbor comments upon them, pabltee® 'nimmls having treated the Indian Home of t"'® Se WUh tlio lcttere there Ls rivena goo.dc"cripticn of tho Duke.a visit to Mainu- " 