THE TOILERS OP THE ANTIPODES. A SOCIETY SENSATION NOVELETTE. Bubble, bubble, toil, and trouble. " No, sir, no ! Three thousand pounds have I given into your hands to carry out your speculations, and not one farthing of return have I seen. No, as sure as my name is John Wiggins, not another sixpence will I trust in your keeping !" " Only one hundred, the verv last call, and then will come the fortune," pleaded a hissing voice. " No ! I have yielded to my daughter's voice — fool that I was ! but now even she says that this business is a willy- wisp ; speculation's an ignorant fatus, everything's a cheat, and you're a ditto !" Serpens Blacker was silent. He saw that a woman's tongue was against him, and therefore he gave up the cause as hopeless, but determined to "go at it circ'lar." " Miss Wiggins — why wears that brow a pensive cloud (horrid frown !) wherefore those chilling snubs and withering cold-shoulders? Why are those eyes so freezing (bunged up and red, she looks quite ugly !) and that sweet tongue so sharp and cutting ?" " Serpens Blacker — ask your own conscience — that could tell a tale of fickle falseness ! Go, shed your sweet speeches upon the peasants and fairies of your ballroom fancy !" " Eickle ! when one only (my sweet self) I have ever loved. False ! you deemed me so because a poor man dared not approach the Queen of Beauty with empty purse, e'en though his heart beat high with wedding wishes !" 'Twas no excuse. Oft, of late, had the fair maid vowed she'd wed a poor man, and undertake to keep him poor throughout his bonnet- stricken, debtful life. But Serpens feigned forgetfulness of feminine devotion and continued, edging meanwhile towards a friendly foot stool — " In one week had I hoped to offer my hand, and a suitable estab lishment to the Empress of my Heart, but your cruel parent refuses the wherewithal to complete my project, and all may yet be lost for the sake of a paltry hundred." Here the hassock was safely reached, so sinking carefully on one knee the impassioned suitor pleaded, " Angelina, my seraph, my adored one, come nestle in my heart ! No longer must love be bound by poverty's fetters, so be my own fair bride ! and make your Pa fork out the money." it That evening a betrothed maiden henpecked her father till he did her bidding, and an affianced husband went home with the object of his desires pressed to his passionate heart and safe in his waistcoat pocket. Sister Perkina gnashed her teeth, but was comforted by a last word in the passage, and the wedding-day was fixed. The bridal morning dawned. Compagnoni had prepared the break fast, and Mrs. Doak the bridesmaids. In Angelina's room the trous seau spread out its ample folds, beneath Perkina's bed reposed a bundle. In the bay a yacht was moored, and in five hearts deep hopes were anchored. A double wedding was to take place that day. The Honorable Y. Fitznoodle, returned to his allegiance, purposed to endow the much- forgiving Mary with his faithful heart, his name, and whiskers. And to save delay, the advertisements of marriage were sent beforehand to the Herald. The first couple'were turned off and hitched without a single hitch. Alas, not so the second ! At the words ' ' Any just cause or impediment ? " a sepulchral voice answered, " I forbid the banns ! That girl belongs to me ?" A shimmer of white, an icy breath, consternation in every face, and Angelina in a swoon ! In vain did the minister call on the speaker to stand forth. They searched in every pew and cranny, but found not the intruder, so Molly Fitznoodle and the bridesmaids smelliug-salted the fainting bride and vainly, unnecessarily, tried to rouse her up again to marry ing point. Meanwhile, the bridegroom and chief bridesmaid jumped into a cab, and went to fetch the doctor ; but somehow, never brought him, and were seen again no more. Though 'twas a quack that Perkina and Serpens sought, marrying and not medicine was his trade, and Dr. Neverfailye, Bishop of Self- make washis name, well-known in courtly annals. " Ask no questions" was his motto, free and frolicsome was his style, and Gretna Green House was his dwelling. Rising seventeen was Perkina, yet childlike still in stature. But unwomanlike, she added on a quinzaine, and gravely swearing to twenty one, vowed she was free to marry. A clink of gold, a wink from the bridegroom, a knowing nod from the pseudo bishop, a convenient domestic summoned to give away the bride and sign as witness, a hasty joining of hands, a vowing of love and honor where honor could never be, and the young couple were tied in the knot that may be cut but cannot be untied. Home they drove for the bundle that had been prepared. Perkina changed her costume in a twinkling, and left a billet doux upon her sister's table, and ere there was time to say "Jack Robertson, " the fugitives were on board the yacht and off to Fiji. But Serpens Blacker went not thither a penniless adventurer. He carried the treasury of the firm (?) to the "Swindlers Paradise." In that treasury was one headless shilling of the junior partner's, and £3000 contributed by the paternal Wiggins. Wearily the bridal party waited in the church for the recusant bridegroom. Angelina, all revived, stood ready to bestow her hand in spite of ghost or conscience, but no man came to claim it. At last in wondering amazement, she drove home with ceremony all unfinished and still in spinster plight, and found the note that told the direful tale. Despairing, the deserted maid< 11 Sung herself on the couch where the going-away dress lay outspread in mocking readiness for the wedding tour. Recklessly soiling it with salt water, tearing her bridal veil, wringing her hands and bursting her gloves, she wailed. " And thou ! Perkina ? my own familiar Perkie." Smile not, ye cynics. Great were the sorrows of Brutus, world- pitied his treacherous fate. Yet, albeit not sung in history, greater still were the woes of Angelina Wiggins. 