ITT ÀDYENTUKE-ï AND BESEAUCHES IN THE PACJIFIO.-(CONTISUBD.) [BT A "MABTEU MABIXER.] It was midday when we emerged from tho gloomy cavern of the Lake of O ams, and very beautiful and cheerful did the forest Bïctri to ua under the beams of noon after corning out ot that gloomy sepulchre. Overhead, among; the thick branches, many birds were sitting upon theil, nests; chameleons of the most glorious colours were playing hide and seek among tho ferns, or chasing one another up and down' the trailing stems of the great liane's and convolvuli, .which, covered with large hlossoms, twined them- selves in the most fantastic forms round, bolo and 'branch up to the tops of tho tallest trees. Long whiskered rats peeped out of holes, and soldier crabs, tapping their painted claws against their scarlet breastplates, deemed to indignantly protest against the intrusion of human beings into their solitary domain. AU these creatures were revelling in the sunshine. Wo went to seat ourselves upon a large, flat, mossy coral rock, and upon it I noticed what Í had not observed before. This , was a round stone, shout a foot in diameter, hollowed in the centre, and upon it was placed another upright ono of tho form of an egg, but flattened at tho bate, upon which.it stood. It was about nino inches high and six inches through. It was morticed or cemented into the ono which it stood upon, smooth ord polished, apparently of lava, or of some similar stone hot existent on coral isles. I know what ¡t was. I at once recognized it as a phallus, or idol stone, of tho established form, such as was in uso in the religious mysteries of the ancient Egyptians, and is .till to bo found at tho doorways of Brahmin tomplcs, at tho intersection cf cress roads in many Eastern lands, and throughout the islands of the Pacific. These stones were carried t y the carly c noe voyagers probably os a sort of talisman. My companion understood perfectly well the o'ject of this one, saying-"Wo had them upon our land of old time: thoy aro now lost, seeing that we pay no longer any regard to them." However, he would not sit d )wn by it, so we removed to another place, and he told mo tho following history. TUB I'ILOT EKOONQA'S STORY. "Mygrandfather," said ho, " was named Ekoonga Kui, and mado in his day many voyages to sea. "At that time our people mado bettor and larger canoes than they do now, and wero not afraid of bad winds and storms as they are now. Our fathers were bravo men-we nro becoming cowards and poor fools. I do not know what is the reason of this, except that our fathers had gods of their own in which they trusted, whereas we now bilieve in nothing except some 'religion of the white man, ?which wo do not well understand, and which it seems very plain that tho mest of white men do not at all believe themselves. However, in my grandfather's day, a man was not thought1 Ht to bo a great chief unless he could tell of some strange land to which ho had been, and from thence they would bring many curious and useful things ; and our people wera able to tell the names of lands that were fur away, and how many days it took to go thero in canoes. In this manner it carno to bo said amongst us that there was towards tho going down of the sun a land which was called Mafuia, a very great land, stretching further than men could tell, and higher than the tallest clouds ; that upon this land wero the ovens or cooking placet of the gods, which, wore never put out, hut were kept burning all the time, being of so great size that the flame thereof roso high into the sky, and tho smoke being drifted by the wind settled upon the sea, so that men looking for that land wero often unable to find it. "Now, my grandfather, having heard of this,'was minded to go thero, and he and his friends made, ready a strong canoe, into which they put good store of cocoa-nuts and kaboho ; and there went with him seven others, ono of whom was only a I oy (which was my father), and they steered towards tho sunset for many days, whon thoy found land-four small islands and vory much food. It was called Bouka, by reason of tho great quantity of that wood which was there ; and the people spoke a language! some- thing like ours, and wore very kind and glad to see strangers. They had no largo canoes, and did not know much of any land hut their own ; and after staying thero Borne time, my grandfather departed, and in fivo days more perceived to tho south nn appearance as of much clouds, and steering towards them came into a region of thick darkness, where the sea was covered with floating stones, and rose in huge boiling waves, and thoro was a sound at times as of thunder, and a red light in tho heavens, which seemed to make tho darkness still greater upon the Bea; and the wind blowing first from tho one side and then from another, becamo very tempestuous, and carried at timo3 'what seems 1 like dust, which flied the eyes and mouths of tho men, and presently thero arising out of tho north a strong breeze, it cleaTod off tho darkness, and they saw at a vast dis- tance an appearance as though tho sea were burning and tho fire ascending upwards to tho stars. Being very much astonished and afraid, and having much trouble to keep tho canoe free of tho great waves which rolled against the direction of tho wind, they endeavoured to return to tho island which they had last left, but not being able to find it they discovered another one, upon which wero no men neither yot was any lagoon or harbour ; and they «tayed hero awhile and caught much fish, and they called tho nnmo of the island Motumungao, from the very great number of Bharks that wero thereabout, and by that same wo now know it, some of our people having boen there since. And leaving that place in two days, thoy carno to this, and finding a passage carno insido and landed upon that island whero we aro now living. Thero they found a woman all alone; sha lived upon turtle eggs and clams, and she had a little canoe dug out of a bouka log, which sho used to go about in. feho woro a titi of burau bark, and was very good looking. She had ears as long as a man's hand, therefore her name was called Talingaloa. Her language was somehow dif- ferent to ours; nevertheless our people, after soma talk, bogan to understand her and she them. She pointed over the lagoon to this island, and told Ekoonga Nui that there wero very many moro women but no men, and my grandfather was minded to rest a few days, and then to cross over here with his great canoe. But tho noxt day ono of hil com- pany, whoso name was TJlimalo, being anxious to seo these women, would not wait, but took the little canoe belonging to Talingaloa and paddled over here by himself; hero be found a vast crowd of women (more than 10O), some of them being very old ; and when thoy found that it was a man who had come among them, they laid hold on him, each desiring to escaro the possession of him, and falling immedi- ately into a furious quarrel, they pulled him about so roughly that he presently died. A few days after came his companions, all hut Ekoonga Nui, who had taken Talingaloa te wife, and remained behind with ber. Thoy found the body of TJlimalo, and buried it. They took no revengo on the women, seeing that bo had brought his death upon himself by his own rashness. They remained here a long time, and took to themselves wives, and when they came to understand ono another, tho women told them that they were pcoplo of Nukumautali, an island lying a vast distance to tho north ; that they had been with a fleet of great canoes to a land called liigili, on the business of their king ; that on the way to their homo, they had been scattered and dispersed ty a furious storm ; three canoes had kept together, and been driven to tho southward ; they had wandered on for several moons, landing on various islands, which wore desert and uninhabited ; that they made this place, which they believed to have been one of the islands belonging to the king of Fakaofo, so thoy left tho women here, while they went to look for Nukuneno, which they thougnt Bhould not bo far away ; but they never returned, and two-and-twenty years bad passed since then, as the sea birds had como to tho lana that number of times to hatch their young since they had hoon living upon it. " Somo children had been born to them in the first year of tboir stay, but tho boys had all died young, co that there was not n malo in tho community ; and my countrymen remained here several moons, spend- ing tho time very pleasantly,' until Ekoonga Nui, . falling grievously Bick, desired to go hack to his own home, in tho hope that he might there recover, or. othorwiso die and he buried with his futhorc- So they departed, intending to return to this land, and to bring with them taro, and another and better kind of cocoanut which grows with us ; and in four days they carno to their own place, having been gone a great part of ai year ; 'and Ekoonga Nui brought with him the woman Talingaloa, having conceived for her io great an affection that ho could not bear to leavo her ' ont'of his sight. Nevertheless, the. woman,-' being ; a sorccresBj.. was by our peeplo believed to be the cause of his death, not of her ill design, for she loved him oxtrsmely and bewailed him bitterly, but by reason of the malice (kati to sgakau) of evil spirits, who having consorted with I Xb.it ?woman aforetime, in tue days that Who lived , upon the island alone, hoing now moved with jea- lousy, smote him with giddiness, and failing of his limbs, and wasting af his strength, so that he ina short space died; and she, having bewailed him in a dark house for a year, aa was tho custom of our widows, married again,-for she, heing a strongo woman (towards whom our people have great long- ing), and withal marvellously well favoured, many men sought after her, so that she had more than one husband after Ekoonga Kui, who all, in like manner died, while herself lived to great age, but leaving no children. She had much skill in necromancy and conjurations; and groat knowledge of tho stars, and taught our people many strange things. And they who had sailed with Ekoonga Nui took with them others, and departed again to return to this land of Tapopahua, but having sought for it muny days could not find it, and BO wont back to their home. And year8 afterwards my father wont also in quest of it, and with better success, and ho came over hero to thia island, which our people had named Motutalitani (which means tho island of them that had no men), but hero he found nought aavo some dry bones, and stumps of cocoa trees, and the ashes of former fires ; and huing to anchor off the shore in tho night, ho and his peordo saw lights in the dark forest, and a sound as of voicéa, and from timo to time long hollow groans, seeming far away ; and being very much afraid they loosed from this isle, and tho wind being strong, with a heavy sea from tho weat, they departed at dawn of day, nnd the wind and sea fol- lowing them, in three days they raado their own land; and from that day until now, no moio of our peoplo havo ever willed lo go in search of this fenua mauri (or land of demons), as we believo it to bo " THU WiUTEIl's SOLUTION or EKOONOA's STOUT. This tale of the pilot Ekoonga, strange «nd weird as it mil;ht appear to> be, nevertheless conveyed to my mind very much internal evidence of its being in the main points true-as thu«: It wa« unquestionable lhat the narrator's father, or some of his tribe, had visited thia place, elsa how could he have obtained so correct a knowledge of tho locality ? Tho land of the Mafuia, whioh they were said to have sought, was very surely the mountainous volcanic range of Samoa, soma portions of which, probably, wero at thnt lime (as they have been since) in a state of ter rifio eruption. The land of Bouka is about where they placed it, and its appearance and inhabitants answer to thoir description; so likewiao Motumun gao (both of these I havo visited). That the women were landed at Tapepahua in the manner related is by no means improbable. Tho men who so left them were no doubt lost in soma storm, cr perhaps, being unable to find tho island on their return, fetohed up somewhere else. The most remarkable part of the tale is tho vast distance from whenco they had come. They Buid they wero people of Nukumantuü, and were relum- ing to thoir homes from Bigiii ; that they voyaged to the southward, stopping at various uninhabited islands, for several moons ; that they believed by keeping the same course, that they would eventually find tho islands of Nukunenn, or Fakaofo, of which they had como traditionary knowledge ; that on making thiB land, they supposed it to he ono of tho group which they BO Bought. No doubt, after two and-twenty years of solitude nnd celibacy, tho agreeable society of Ekoonga Nui and his compa- nions would be to them like tho beginning of a now life. And it is not to bo wondered at, by anyone acquainted with tho tempers of theso Indians, that, finding their lovers did not return according to pro- mise, and believing themselves a second time utterly deserted, they should have lost all lovo of life ; becoming too indolent to seek their food, or to climb tho trots for the nuts, they doubtlessly chopped them recklessly down, and ate the tops, and afterwards, seeing no prospect of comfort in this life, one after the other laid down and died. Poor creatures, they had strained their eyes in vain, looking for the brown sail on the bluo water, which came not till hopo was dead. They had " gathered shells from youth to ogo," and at' lost gavo up tho ghost, from mere weariness. 'With regard to the strange lights which torrified the second company of voyagers, I have eecn them myself, hath on this island and on others of a similar formation. I am not able to account foy them, hut they are no doubt to be traced to some very simple natural cause. I havo noticed them, especially in thick weather, under dense groves where tho soil which overlaid the coral rock consisted in a great measure of organic romaine. I will mention aa an instance of this, the solitary islands of Quiros and the San Publo of Mondana, which, although presenting excellent conditions for settlement, were abandoned hy eoverul companies of adventurers (both red-Bkins and whito men), from the superstitious terrors induced by these appear- ances. Ekoonga spoke of a dreadful groaning noise which waa heard at this islet, which 1 also did after- wards hear, and discovered the cause thereof. Behind a sandy bay in the neighbourhood, upon a perfectly level coral flat, dry at low water, I found a round hole or pit about eight feet in diameter, of the appear- ance of a well; it is situated at about 400 yards from the sea, with which it seemB to communicate ky a subterraneous passage under the Bandy »let. When the reef is overflowed, it forms at the timo of ebb a tonifie whirlpool, so that a boat at that time coming within its influence would be at onco sucked down into its vortex and no more seen ; but at tho season of very low tides, and when tho swell of the ocean sets from the westward (as was the case at the time of which the natives spoke), the sea rushing- into the great cavern with which thia pit doubtless communi- cates, drives up through it successive blasts of air, which sound at adistanco, and especially in the still- ness of tho night, like prolonged and hollsw groans. This phenomenon ia rare, hy reaaon of the swell commonly setting from the southward and eastward, in accordance with tho direction of tho trado wind. Bat concerning the placo from whence theso women came : The Unds whioh they mentioned as being those with which their voyagers wore acquainted by tradi- tion, or by personal knowledge, were Nukutanot (which they seem to confound with Fakaofo, the two being close together), Nukunau, Nukumautali, and Bigili. The last was their point of departure, and is one of the Ralik isles, lying at least 1200 miles north-west of tho land upen which they wire finally driven. Ead this passage been divided into three stages of almost equal distances, and keeping a south- east conrse almost in a straight line, tho inhabited islands which would have broken tho routs at those points would have been Nukunau (which is the most eastern of the Kingsmills, and among the natives of soma distant isles ¡8 the accepted name for the whola of that group), and Tokerau, of which Nukuneno is in like manner spoken of as representing the whole of that archipelago. But these lost mariners missed those lands, being in the first place driven well to the eaßt; in keeping, afterwards, a southerly course, thoy fell in with the uninhabited isles of tho Phoenix group, upon which they found not sufficient subsistence to induce them to remain. That they were Ralik islanders ia beyond a doubt. In the first place, they could not have invented these names of th3 lands from whence thoy came, and of tho others which they hoped to find. Tho long ears of some of tho women, especially Talingaloa, her practico of sor- cery, for whioh her country people aro so famous, and: her superior knowledge of the stars, which renders them such skilful navigators, aro additional evidence of their origin. The circumBtanco of her being isolated from her kin, and of none of her I husbands living any length of time, would not bo surprising to anyone who had lived among tho Rolika. I was once well acquainted with a similar cass of a woman of Milli (one of tho Ratak chain) [ who was very handsomo, EO that she turned tho heads of several whito men besides some of her own countrymen, who in like manner became vic- tims to her dangerous facinations. 