WALLSEND. ;-.:?' (From our Correspondent.) owjiwyana suenciy aotne wheels of time re volve in their .yearly cycle. Christmas comes with its many varieties, and again flies ; .aye, ere we seem conscious of . possessing the festive season, it -noiselessly glides into tho new year, an.l both .-.re soon lost in the past. We spent the wonted happy season here, in an exception ally rtull tianncr— coming in as it did amidst a du-.-r-poi:,r of rain, otherwise we could not well spo.n-l it. Tae holidays, damp and showery, adne seemed iucliued to allow to them their ac knowledged meaning : d.ill they were in the ex treme, and ourselves partaking probably of the general heaviness, were in that apathetic state described by the expression — 'between dead and alive.' How pleasing to me it would be were I in a position to write of spending some of those hours described dull, listening to some of the impressive and spirit-stirring ceremonies connected with cur holy religion during the happy season of Christmas, and to which many of us were accustomed, on holier soil, and in another hemisphere. Well the weather was not all that could be desired, but only they who would join issue with the reasonings of the im mortal Moore, and who ' ask for, hope for, too much,' could be dissatisfied with our share of the means of happiness. Only a few days ago we enjoyed a visit of our worthy pastor, Father Lonergan, bringing, in his ministerial capacity, consolation and peace to many a stricken con science. Our school also nourishes as when I wrote before and with every appearance of con tinuing its progressive strides. Catholic parents in Wallsend, not only showing sufficient energy — and sufficient of an inherited spirit of religion to establish a school for their children where the inseparable! names of Jesus and Mary may be uttered without violating the laws of our model colony; where the impulses of the voice re quired in giving utterance to Jesus, Saviour, asunder, but, may fuse into each other and com pose but the one breadth ot love — but also per severance to carry to a successful termination their praiseworthy efforts. Will the heads of our educational departments ever learn how fu tile are their hopes that Catholics can regard with, favour their pet system ? How soon will they come to understand the undivided bond, according to the Catholic idea, which exists be tween secular and religious teaching ? Until charity (justice I leave out of the list, for, good folks, they have no idea that such a commodity exists) or some kindred virtue prompts them to recognise those facts, to recognise in fact the rights of a large people, Catholics nriat sacrifice on the altar of education, to God's greater glory, and to their children's benetic. While on the subject of education, may I ask whether 'Mr. Wilkins. can be possibly correct in his statement made at the opening of the Bnrwood Public school, that no more is taught in the majority of Eng lish schools, than the three fundamental subjects — reacting, v.-nting, and arithmetic. Strange, if true, I have often heard that ' charity begins at home,' but, if Mr. W. be correct, even to this is an exception, for, undoubtedly, England has been more kind, and has given more advan tages in education to the children of her sister, Ireland, than to her own. But, perhaps, after all the statement is not so surprising. Other instances of England's excessive generosity to others and injustice to herself may be tuentioned. Her zeal for the conversion of the Irish, — of bringing them to. a consul erariim, of the '?Bible, '? the whole Bible and nothing buf the;' Bihle, will not soon be forgotten, while it is ah esifah lished fact, and proved by statistics',' that more crime i.,- A-!iimii;tt;d during theihnrfc apace of -jne week in Eigland'a chief city, than is committed for ;t whole year in that Ireland,1 for whose eon ver- hiu she seemed so feoliuitous. Her zeal' in ba. k ; ii i» uu some 'meddlesome' tract-droppers iu Aby^inia. cose h«»r some millions sterling. . The same lrK'ddles'Mne, and often mischievous soliei tude, has marked her tract-droppers in all'their mind-other people's business wanderings, when,, according to the dictates of charity, they should be at home, checking, if possible, that rampancy of crime that exists amongst their brethren. Such excessiv.. geneiosity towatds the blacks, reds, and ot:u-r colors or all nations, 1 really cannot understand, while the majority of Eng lish, children according to Mr. Wilkins, are so ignorant of geography, thafc it was with difficulty he made them understand that those who came to Australia did not turn black, nor become can nibals from contact with, the aboriginals. It strikes me very forcibly that those seeming blockheads are much more clever than Mr. W. gives them credit for ; and apart from joking, how remarkably near truth are their guesses. TheV Seem fn haVfi an int.nif.iva lrr-nti-1oflr»a r\\( some metamorphosis and only mistake the color, for, though people coming here do not evidently turn black, it is quite as evident that . many grow grey and fat through— roguery. But, in tracing the career of E lglisb missionaries in other lands, I have wandered from my own, my adopted, happy New South Wales, where Public School children's knowledge of geography, mathematics, algebra, can only be computed by the instruments used for Mr. Samuel's 'Mea- surement duties' j and where they 'even learn little Latin.' Thousand pities Mr. W. did nob add ' and all these advantages the exclusive gift of one who has been badly thanked and more badly paid for his generosity ; the offspring in fine of the same -maternal brain, which brought forth 'The Murmurings of the Stream,' 'The Long Grass in Kiama,' 'The Patent Ghost,' and ithers o' that ilk.' Before I finish my letter, I may express a hope that your answer to my question may be in the negative. I would be really glad to learn that Mr. W. made rather. too much of the home people's ignorance. I have only one reason for doubting in the matter at all. His mentioning euclid amongst our catalogue of advantages, gives a color to his whole yarn ; himself, you know, sir, an Englishman, his speeches most provouingly point to his never having crossed the 'Bridge of Asses.' January 20th, 1871. ? . ? +- ? , ? ? : The Cerberus. — By the ' mail a des patch ha.s been received iu Melbourne, statins that the Cerberus had arrived at Gibraltar, after a.remarkably rough passage from London. She is stated to have rolled forty degrees each way and many of the sa-iWs on board, on arrival at Gibraltar, deserted, fearing to proceed further. She is expected in Melbourne in April. Melbourne Parliament. * — By tele gram we. learn that the Victorian Parliament was dissolved on Wednesday, and the new writs is sued on Thursday. The number of aspirants for the honor aad the £300 per year attached to each electorate is already unusually large, and will, no doubt, dow increase. The new elections .in Victoria will in a great measure decide on ihe-utility of the Payment of Members Bill. 