LEGENDS OF TIIE BLACK WATCH. (From Colburn's Magazine.) THE SEVEN GRENADIERS. " As the regiment expects to he engaged with the enemy to-morrow, the women and baggage will be sent to the rear. For this duty, Ensign James Campbell, of Glentalloch." Such was the order which was cirulat- ed in the camp of the 42nd Highlanders (then known as the Black Watch) on the evening of the 28th April, 1745, previous to the Duke of Cruberland's' attack on the French outposts in front of Foutenoy. Our battalion (says thle collector of the old regimental memoranda, from which these sketches are conplied for the amuse- ment of our reader,) was to form the advanced guard on this occasion, and had been ordered to the village of Veson, where a bivouac was formed, while Ensign Campbell of Glentalloch, the same who was afterwards wounded at Fontenoy, marched the baggage, with all the sorrow- ing women of the corps, beyond Maulpre, as our operations were for the purpose of relieving T'ournay, then besieged by a powerful French army under Marshal Count de Saxe, and valiantly defended by eight thousand Dutchmen under the veteran Baron Dorth. It was the will of Heaven in those days that we should fight for none but the Dutch and Hanoverians. I had been appolinted captain-lieutenant to the Black Watch from the old 26th, or Angus's Foot, and having overtaken the corps on its march between the gloomy old town to Liege and the barrier fortress of Maestricht, the aspect and bearing of the Highlanders-we had then only one regiment of them in the service-seemed new and strange, even barbaric to my eyes; for. as a Lowlander, I had been ever accustomed to associate the tartan with fierce rapine and armed insurrection. Yet their bearing was stately, free, and noble, for our ranks were tilled by the sons of Highland gentlemen, and of these the most distinguished for stature, strength, and bravery, were the seven sons of Captain Maclean, a cadet of the house of Duart, who led our grenadiers. The very flower of these were the seven tall Macleans, who, since the regiment had been first mustered at the beautiful Birks of Aberteldie in May, 1720, rlhad shone foremost in every encounter with the enemy. Captain Campbell of Finub and I seaterd ourselves belcdie the Celtic putriarchl who colutander) our grelrarlier crolnllnpanly, tlnd nleur him wereP hl.?is Rveri FsIuS loullging oet the gran, all" tlll and lnOuscullr omen, bearded to the eyes, athletic, arnd weothter beaten by hunting and fightillg in tire Iligllouads, nrid inurred alike to dtlnger anrd to toil. 'Tough genOllelen volunteers, they wore the unliiormn of thle rivntes, a looped-up scarlet jackert and waistcoat feed withl buffl tnd loced winth whiter, n tortiln pluai of iwerlve )yardls plaited round tile body undthlllrown over tihulltl lloulder; a fliu blue bolnnet w\itil the fi?sne!-uotequ6 o tihe louse of Stuart round it, tndrint englo'e lerather therein, to indlicate the wenrur'r birth, 'ile whole regiment carried ctlay mores iln addition to their muskeIts, tlnd to these wupllons every sollier raddled, if lhe choose, Ia dir k, akenet, iir of pistols, anld tatget, iltl tre tasioun of thie High lands; thus our front runk len wtero usualiv no fully equipped to rllny thulatolrped orn tire hluir of Culloden, Our swordbolits scere- bluck, and tlhei curlouch-box wts slung lit ront by a waist-belt. In addition to all this warlike parliphornulin, our grenadiers curried each a hatchet and pouach of hand-grenndea, Tfhe serviceliku, foridlable, and ctaati- piie napect on the SThe rogltuent was not mnade royul unltil 1758. regiment bad Impressed me deeply-; bat Captain Maclean and his seven sons more than all, as they lay grouped near the watchfire, in the red light of which their bearded visages, keen eyes, and burnished went on0 were glinting and glowing. The beard of old lMaclean was white as snown, and flowed over his tartan ilbid and rcarlet waist-coat, imparting to his ap pearance a greater peculiarity, as all gentlemen were then closely shaven. As Fieab and I Seated ourselves by his fire, he raised his bonnet and bade us welcome with a courtly air, which consorted ill with his sharp west Highland accent. His eve was clear and bold in expression, his voice commanding and loud, as in one whose will had never been disputed. Close by was his inteperable henchman and totter-brother Ronald MecAra, the eolourjerpeant of his company, an aged C'lt of grim presence and gigantic pro portions, wbose face bad been nearly cloven by a blow from a Lochaler axe at the battle of Dunblane. "'Welcome, gentlemen," Said old 3laclean, " a hundred thousand welcomes to a -hare of our rspper, a savoury read ellop as we call it at home. It wa, a fine tat sleptl that tmy son Dongal found astray in a field near Maulpr6; ani ,lere i- a braw little demijshl of Belgain wine, which ala.ter borrowed Irom a boor clo by. Th,'ee other five lade are alo my sons, Dunacha, Deers, Findlay Bane, tarqular Gorm, and Angus Dha, all grenadiers in the king's serrice, and hbop ing each one to be like mysell a captain. and to cock their leathers among the best in the Black Watch. Attend to our corn rades, my braw lad-." The lads, the least at abom was six feet leet in !eight, vasi-ted us to a shareof the sheep, which was broiling merrily on the glowing embers, and from whct, their comrades, a ho crowded round, partook freely, cutting off the slices, as they sputtered and browned, by their long dirks and Sharp skenee. The seven grenadiers were arl fine and heart) fellows, who trundled Alacter'ademijobn of wine traom Iand to hand round the red roaring fire, on a hicl the grim henchman or colour sergeant hbeaed up, from time to time, the doors and raiters of an adjacent hoiuse, and there we continued to carouse, sing, and tell stories, until the night was far advanced. The month was April, anti the night was a glorous one; all our bivouac was vistlbble as it at nounday. The hurnm o uoice, thie sralp, ot a song, a carD? , laugh, the neigh of a burae, or the jangle ol a bridle alone br',ke the silence of the moonlit Sky ; though at times we heard the murimur of a streaen that ltole towardil the Shellt, like a silver current throngi, the fields of -pirouting corn, and under banks w hera the purple foxglove, the pin k wild rose, and the green bramble hung in heV avy tuse.-. Atid could aught he more ipieturesquo than our IligblanJ bivouac, likhted oti by wavering wartclfirs and the brilliantr queen of tigt the Celtic soldir,. muffled in their dark green plaid., their rough bare knees, hardy as the etets of the mountain pine, and alike impervious to the surimmer heat and winter cold, lying asleel,, upon their "umbered armrs, or seated in groule', singing ol asongs, or tellim g wild stories of those distant glens Irom which, asSeidaranDearq or "l.ed Soldiers," the chances of thle l;elgian war lad brought them Ihere. I was delighted with the old chief and his son--they were so Ir ea and gay iin tmanecr, so frank and bold in bearing, while there was rometling alike noble and patriorchiul in the circumstance of their stately old lather h adintg a company of bravo hearts, nearly all oa wluhot were men of lis own name and kindred. The fire had been freshly heaped with billets and fagot., the demrijohn still bled freely; we bhad lust concluded a mnerry chorus, which nrade the Uhlan videttes on the distant plain prick up their ears and listen, and we had reached that jorial fIoint whene a little wit gi-' a ve'ry lung way, when Sergeant IBtnal, MaeAra, the ohl heneclman, ap proached Cu1 taim M'Iean, uad Ilacing a haud upon his eshoulder, with that kiind but reO.iectful familiarity which his relation ai a lfo-ter abrother netionrd, said with itm pressive sole?mnity " For the love of the blessed God, see that ye do not fighlt teostrngtg r to-morrow wliti your stoiatich lasting i' The ruddy facu of the old eoldier grew pale. " No, Ronald," said he; " our race has already paid dear for teglectiig that strange warnming." "Gi'od and Mary forlbid I' muttered two of h.i sons, crossing tlhemselves de voutly. " Keep saomething for ,me in your havre 'e, Rlonald," *aill tle capltain, "tand call mte blfore the driint bent tr lmarching; keep something for the liddies loo-- lor the Lord Iortlind thl t ever son of mine should draw his blade with a tasting 1st much under hi- b It." " A wise prc cutlion, Muach an," said ol Richard Catmpbell of Finib ; "but Guid, kens we have often lid to draw our blades here in Low Germanic, antd tfll on, with. out other breakf;?t than, u tightened wais: btil ." "True; bat it u?s ormitting to br'ak his aInt that my worllhy ancestor Sir, Laurhlun Macl, an lost his lioa in Mull, nd Ilentco thu ,iarnintg it SLergeant Maluc Ara, muy lrtserer." "low came tha tto IaSs?"' I asked wilt surriti-e; for the imliresrive mnn nelr of tbesu Ceilts was stratCL'e alrd new to "'Tia a-tol y as wtll as any othcr, iid I liare nriot if I tell)ou, genllhUmen," Oiil the oi c1aptaiu oa grearlier. " DunachiU, throw cOllie morn iticks on th l fir -Aruga?, pa?ss round the black Sjnck, tny ion, while I tell of thli doleful I tattlo ot Cro)y ultid. 'I'The piresence t the ,Lird be about us, hut thaft wasn a blanck day, anttdil a Idre ary one fur the house to B)usirt and the Clota Gillian to boot " Alter this prieamble and c?ilecting his thoughts a little, the calitai roil iaenced the lollowing strange story : Sli-tory will tell you, gentleniu, that in tihe early part of thu reigi ol IIis Mhiajlsty Jarmes 1VIs.thetr uros- a ldeadly thud between my pImole,e tht Olna Gillian Ih ,lull, atnd the Clun D)onald ol Mahy, concening tlie claine wlhichl, frot timus hbetolld the minorory of nlran, we .ad, or bilieve wu had ('tis all one in the lighlalnde), to the lRhinns of Islay. l'or mlany a year our ipeolo lidl tlhe I'BDonalda ivadled, hIurried, Iclked, Iiowed, aiInd llot 0o00 other; the are and bow, the piiatol and clay ioio nru nt ever relitguished for on, entire week, btt we wt-re i' over Iicarer ouat' end, jor 1 Illutt ad. Init that our antagonists were it bravni trilbe, though in boyhood -uch i, the ab surdity of i transmitted lcud--I was taught ,to lno thltnt more u than diintl. I tine, beun told thalnt thecre alus inot a mlau oh either hoatilotribes, but bad losat his neurea nod dearest kinsmtel in that ungidly coul lust. But now a crisis woae coming. Mys worthy ancestor, Sir Luuchllan hl'Lean of Dunirt, was a soldiur ol high ,renown and lbravery--ono swooai skill ia a war was acknowledged by all who sawc \- hIm lead the CaGn, Gillan to victory it tIs I graontattlna at Baeurinnes, wtlhere 12,000 hoottlh protuatanta Ineasurd awiordt iiti, Lord Ifantley's catbolics on the banks of the Livat, and there decided their religious differences like pretty men. Well, Sir Laceblari, through the great favor in which he was held at court, obtained from the king's own hand at fiol, rood a charter or warrat.t empowering him to take posses sion not only of tfro e de'ilibh Rhinnl, but of the whole island of I-lay-the ptri mony and home of tyre Lord of the I-les - ,That think cou of that, sirs! All Islar with Eilan na-Corile, or the Island of Council, the great castle in Loch Finlegca-, the Rock of the Silvero Rent, the Rock of the Rent in-Kind, with everything that flew over FIlay, walked on its hill', or swam in it lakes, to hitm and his heirs for -ver berit ably and irredeemably, until the day of doom. This seemed a severe stroke of fortune to the poor Clan Donald, the more so as their chief Angus of Kintyre was aged and frail, and had not drawn a sword sine. last be fought our people in his seventieth year, and now he was eighty. lls son, Sir Jalnes, was as yet unknown n? a soldier, while Sir ],aughlan was in the noon of his strength and manhood sa cond to none that ste,;ed on heather or ever wore the tartan : hence toll of hope and confident of succes', he rejected with scorn the offers of mediation made by neighbanring chiefs; for old Angus had many friend', and my forefather's claims were, to say the least of them, rather un just. Sir Laucblan summoned all the clan, his friends and kinsmen, to meet him in arms and aitfh their galleys on a cer tain day to sail for Islay, when he hoped to cru-h the Clan Donald for vuer in one decisive battle. On the evening before the musters mounted and alone be rode from Duairt to consult a witch who dwelt in an un couth den known smong us as " the cave of the Grey Woman." It was not with out some mi-giuings that my ancestor paid this visit i but the advice and augu ries of this woman, Aileen Glas, had never failed oar race in times of war and I eril. As fhe drew near her dwelling, the night wae closing in; the a ind shook the boughs of the forest, and as he looked back they resembled the long green naves of a sea of foliage rolling ul, the narrow glen. The" gloaming " darkened fast, and the silent dew distilled from the drooping leares; the golden cups of the broom and the etlices of the henthtr-bells were shrinking with manny a summer fly and hone)-bl e c,rncedal:d in their petals, tor night was dr scending on the steormy shores and boisterous hills of Mull-boisterous indeed, for there the hollow winds rave and horl from peak to peak, and wreath up the mist into many a strange and many a fearful shape, till the ghosts of Ossian seem again to tower above Ben more and Bentaluidh. Sir Lauchlan rode rapidly up the nar rowing glen, till he found the cave of the Grey Woman before him. It yawned dark, lofty, and profound; so, dismount ing, he tied his horse to a tree, and with his target and claymore advanced boldly, but with no small trouble, as the dark. ness was now intense, and the ascent to the cavern was rocky and difficult, Above his head rose its capacious arch, fringed by matted ivy and the light way. lung mountain ash that covered all the upper rocks, the splintered peaks of which shot up against the starless sky in abrupt and jagged outline. Clambering up, he entered with a stately step, though his heart heat fast with anxiety; before him lay a dark abyss of blackness and f vacancy, opening into the bowels of the Smountain; and though lightly shed in cuarans of soft deer hide, he could hear his footsteps echoing afar off. At last a red light began to gleam be forre him, playing in fitful flashes upon the wet slimy walls of the den, and on the huge stalactites that hung like rough Gothic pendants from the roof, and were formed by the filtrations of calcareous rills that stole noiselessly down between chasms and crannies in the walls of rock. Aileen Gleswoas said to have been born in the mossy isle of Calligrey, in a but built among the stones of the temple of Annat, the ruined shrine of a Druidical goddess. Annat presided over the young maidens of the Western Isles, and there still remains her well, in which they are said to have purified themselves. In that well Aileen was baptised by the Red Priest of Applecross, and hence her magical power. As Maclean stepped on, he perceived the Grey Woman, a withered, shrivelled, and frightful hag, whose nose was horked like an eagle's beak, and on whose chin was a grey tuft, like a thistle's beard-a mere anatomy of bones and skin-seated before a heap of blazing turf and sticks, but asleep, and reclining against the wall of rock. A tattered plaid of our clan \- tartan was over her head, the grey hair of which hung in twisted elflocks round her bony visage. An urchin-a hideous hedgehog- nestled in her fleshless bosom, and its diminutive eyes shone like red beads in the light. On one side lay a heap of withered herbs, a human skull cloven in battle, and the spulebano of a sea-wolf; on the other side was an old iron three-legged pot used in her itncan tations. Therein sat a huge, rough, and wild-eyed polecat, which spat at the in truder, andl woke up a large, sleepy bat that swung by his tail from a withered branch which prejected from a fissure of the rock. The Grey Woman awoke also, and, without moving, fixed her green basiliak eyes on Sir Lauchlan'e face, saying esharply "What want ye, Daairt T' " Your advice, good Aileen Gins," re plied the chief, meekly, for be was awed I by lher aspect. "Advice i" shrieked the Grey Woman. "Is it a spell you seek, to ensure success, 'that you may do a greater wrong unto tite haile's and guiltless Clan Donald of lalay ?" S "I seek todo them no wrong, Aileon. Thie lthitats are ours by right, and Islay is ours by tie king's oWn charter." T "The people were there before kings or Scharters were known in the land. God gave the hlillatad tsle isles to the chlildtlren of the Gaiol, and Has curose will fall on all lwho seek to dispossca them by virtue of sheepskins and nwaxen neals. Did not a Lrrd of the Isles say that ihet little valued a right which dependedl on thie possessioa of a scrap of pIarcethmoent I Boware, Lauchlan Mnclean I beware t for the hand Sof fate is upon you i" Scared by hier words and her fury, as lher shrill voice awoke tithe inmost recesses of the vaults, Sir Lrachlan said "Ia the name of thie mother of God, Aileen Gla, I beseechl you to he com tposodl, andt to tell me of what 1 must beware I" She snattched up the spulebane of the wolf, and, after looking through it by holding it between her and the fire, cast it aside with a shriek saeying "Lauchlan of Dualrt, listen to me, for never may you hear my voice again 1" "it may be so, Alleon: we sail for Islay to-morrow," "Well, do not land upon a 2/eursday, and do tnot drink of the well that flows at the head of Lohb Garoynard, for I can see that one Maclean will ba slain there, and liet fatc(adts I Away I lovn me now i " In the glen 'y'ou will theet those who will i tell you more!" and she mused her face in her plaid as Sir Lauchlan left Sher. "I can easily avoid a landing on Thurs day, and a draught of that devilish well too ; bus whom shall I meet in the glen r thought he as he mounted and gailoped bomewards to Duairt; glad the horrid in tetrview was over.. As he rode round the base of Benmore, the waning moon began to show half her disc above the black shoulder of the mighty mountain, and a pale light played along the broad waves of Irch-na-keal, which lay on his left, and were rolled in foam against the bold headlands and columnar ridges, which are covered with coats of ivy and tufted 1 by remains of oak and ash woods that overhung the salt billows of that western sea, where the scart, the mew, and the heron were screaming. On, on rode our chief, treasuring the words of Grey Aileen in his heart, and soon he saw the lights in his own castle of Duairt glittering before him about a mile off, and anon he could perceive the out line of the great keep as it towered in the pale moonlight on its high cliff that breasts the Sound of Mull. But hark ! the voice of a woman made him pause. He checked his horse and looked around him. Under an old and blasted oak tree, the leafless and gnarled branches of which seemed white and ghastly in the cold moonlight, stood the figure of a woman arrayed in 'a pale-coloured dress that shimmered and cleamed as the moon's half-disc dipped behind the sharp rocky cone of Bentaluidh. The figure, which was thin and tall, was enveloped in a garment that resembled a shroud. It came forward with one lean arm uplifted, as [if to stay the onward progress of Maclean, whose rearing horse swerved, trembled, and perspired with fear. Nearer she came, and, as the starlight glinted on her features, they seemed pallid, ghastly, hollow, and wasted ; the lips were shrunken from the teeth, the eyes shone like two piecesof glass, and, to his horror, Sir Lauchlan recognized- his old nurse t Mbharee, who bad been buried in the pre ceding year, and whom, with his own I hands, he had laid in her grave, close by Ithe wall of Tirosay Kirk, the bell of which at that moment tolled the eleventh 1 hour of the night. 'Gathering courage from despair, he asked In the name of Him who died for us, s Mharee,- what want you here to-night 7" "Oh, my son t" said she, "for such in r deed I may call you (for did not these s breasts, on which the .worms are now s preying, give you suck )-this expedition against the men of Islay is full of mighty consequences to you and all Clan I Gillian !" f "I am sure of that; Mharee," replied Maclean, with a:sinking' heart; " but we go to gather glory and triumph, to spread the honour and the terror of our name, and to win a fairer patrimony to bequeath, with our swords, to the children who suc ceed us." "Laochlan Maclean ! by the bones of 'our father and the fame of your mother, I conjure you to abandon this wicked war, to sheath your sword, to burn the king's charter, and to leave the Clan Dona!d in peace, for Islay is the land of their. in heritance." " To what disgrace swould you. counsel Sme, Mharee ? to be a coward and a liar in the face of the king, of my kindred and clansmen .Come weal, come woe, to morrow my birlions shall spread -their sails upon the sea that leads to Islay, d though I and all my people go 'but..to their graves; by the cross of Maclean I have swori it !" S"So be it then ; hbut i go you will,. I warn you not to: cross the threshold of Duarit with a fasing stomach, or sore evil; Lauchlan, will come of it to all thy kin and thee ]" SWith these strange words, the figure faded away, like a moonbeam, and nothilig was seen bitt the bare, blasted -tree s stretching its -naked arnis across the n narrow way. i Some time elapsed-before Maclean :recovered from his terror and n astonishment.to find his horse dashing uip t the ascent which - led to the castle of llDuairt, whore his pale face and excited manner caused many questions and ex cited much comment; but he kept his 0e own counsel; resolving .not to march on e the morrow before breakfast, not to land n on a 'hursday, and not to drink of any d well in Islay, if other liquid could be 'r found for love or money. d (To be Continued.) 