GUNNING POLICE COURT. . WEDNESDAY-APRIL 6. BEFORE the police-magistrate of Goulburn: and Messrs Saxby and Gray. Martha Costello; larceny. Defendant was con- victed of stealing a number of pumpkins from the garden of a neighbour. Seven days' imprisonment. Police v. John Bush and Arthur Bush; drunk and, disorderly. Fined 10s. each, or three days' imprison- ment. James Heffernan and Jamles Dronuan; unlawfully blusliog rook, in breach of. 37th section ,2 Vie., No. 2. Dofendants pleaded guilty. AMr. T. 11. Line said be had employed the mon; the place wae in an allotment a distance from the town ; no danger could havo been incurred ;- h doubted whether it was within the town. The police-magistruto said the acnot had no deal t besu 'applied to Gunning many years ago, he thohght rather to the disadvuantage of the people than other. wise. In this case none of the requirements of the 37th section had boon complied with. Doubtless neither of the defendants had any idea of the not. Fined Is. and 2s. Gd. costs eoh,. Dennis Murray, on summons; obscene language. The information charged defendant With haviug used the words "by the Holy Ghost" in a publio road blasphomously and obscenely. The police-magistrate said the information should have charged duluedant with profane langisuge only. Dismissed. James O'Neill and John Hart; on summons; un lawfully cutting timber on crown land. O'Neill did not. ppear. Warrant to issu 'for disobodience of summons. The ease as against Hart was postponed till next court day. .. Denise Murray and John Hart; on summons; stoaling timber. Afteorsizuro by the police, Senior-constable MIara had seized some timber (sawn) about four miles from Gunning on land which he knew by examining the tmapat eeas was crown land; Hart and O'Neill were at the pit; took timber from at dray, marked it, and left it at" the pit;' Hart and O'Neill admitted having na licenso; met Ilarryaftoerwards going towards the pit; Murray said the men were in his employment, and nsked Witness to leave him some of the tim her; refused'to do so; came into Gunning and took out summonses for O'Neill and Hart; on going out next day to servo them, found the timber and dray gone ; tracked the dray towards blurray'e; found it near Murray's slip-rail--not inside; some of the timber was lying on the ground in the bush'and a small quantity ons the dray; O'Neill and Hart said they were bringing it into Gunning to the polie. Cross-oxaminerdby Murray: Cannot produce the mnap; Murray said the land was on Beat's pro omptivo right. Constable Parker gave corroborative ovidence. The bench dismissed the uhargo. oBforo the police-magistrate and Mr. Saxby: J. F. Gray, J.P., v. Iloward and Hill; unlawful entry 'nl enclosed land. J. F. Gray depusod : Wa owner of enclosed land at Byalla; summoned dofoudants from information received. He called, a witness, who deposed: Defendants were carriers camped near Mr. Gray's; Howard made an exchange of a horse with witness, who had permission to run his horse in Mr, Gray's paddock; Howard naked young Mr. Gray. for permission to run the horse out; Mr. Gray granted the pormission for that day only ; more than a week afterwards do fondants came to the place, and without any. notice to Mr. Graiy or bib son, entered the paddook ; the horses were driven and galloped about, and a very valuable maie of Mr. Gray's had her lag broken and was killed. The polico-tangistrato said both Mr. Saxby and himself were satisafld that both defendants know they were wrong in going into the paddock without first getting permission. Mr. Gray had lost a horse from their act.. Fined 20s. ouch and costs, or seven days in geol. Smith v. Smith; articles of the poaco.-No appearance. Baily v. Turton; wagoes. Order made for amount claimed loss £1 and some store goods. Brindly v. Allhof; ausault.-Withdrawn. Alihof v. Brindly; malicious injury:-With drawn. Same v. same; larceny of a small quantity of fruit. The bench, after inquiry, alliwed the charge to be withdraiwn. Cox v. Allhof; illegal detention of a mare. Cdx had the mare when a foal,; left it with 3Mr. Whoatley near Gunning; did not brand it; saw it at his place ton months ago still. unbranded; never sold or gave it to any one; from what Wheatley told him, went to defendant's, where ho saw a black mrars unbranded' vry litke his; coidd not swear it0hor of his owf knowledgo; defendant refused to give her up. Cox called a witlnes who had frequently soon the mare at WVheatloy's; know her well and saw her at defendant's; was positive tae belonged to Cox. Dloendant doposed that the animal was loft sit his place some time ago by alman who said she was his; had only the man's word for it. An order was made that the mare be dolivorod to Cox within 1twen1ty-four hours; unsosaed value, £3. IRudd v. O'Brien; obscene language. Defeudant, ia young lad, pleaded guilty, and said he was provoked.... hined 20a. and costs, or fourteon days in gaol. Samo v. same. Defendant was charged with being an idle and disorderly character. Tihe bench, after inquiry, said the information could not be sustained, and direoted its withdrawal. Seven small debts cases were thou disposed of. . 