HEAVENLY " PHOTOGRAPY. \- -Fresh inlormatioa lrom the next world has lately beuD received in London of a most interesting' - character, . A certain Miss Houghton has furnished (under spiritual guidance) a series of portraits which are now on view and lor sale in Bond-street, Ali London is crowding to see thorn : and it is no wonder, as among the subjects are to be \- found likonusaes of the" crown worn at pre sent in his new abode by. Prince Albert, dowers from heavenly hills, the Hollow of the Hand of . the Holy, Ghost, and eight V separate views ol the Eye of Jehovah. " The ...putmiogs,' to a pureiy earthly, observer, resemble," the Examiner tells us, " splodges -and dashes of lurid colours, or a full-bodied ' black-beetle mashed between two sheets of utaruied paper ;"wUiclr description assumes ' a'ueep signihcunce when we learn that each colour has its spiritual meaning. Thus the "lioek of Ages" is expressed by yellow \- ochre (delicacy of mind), raw sienna (con- siderutunes), madder (udjustiuguess oi ' temper),' and, more than ail,, brown pink, .(economy.) This medley, which is to several minds pure blasphemy, is daily studied, we are told, by crowds of devout believers in iliss Houghton 'and her angelic painters with earnest zeal.' We are led to suspect that either American spirits are sharper and more matter of lact than their brethren, or else that only the work-a-duy part of heaven liuo <vui» tit r.liu tCnrlH'e oirtiwiu We have no such subtle glories unfolded us these. Our spirits, it is. true, have devoted themBelves lately to pictorial art, but it was rather in a photographic line. 'They have been going about through Ohio and among tbe Pennsylvania Dutch, leaving likenesses of themselves on street lamps and drug- shop windows, in indubitable trousers, coats, and crinoline. Occasionally, the portrait of a ghostly pup, or chicken, or other spiritual poultry has been found with the others. In one hou66 in Ohio the spiritual artists varied their labours at the.camera by chipping tbo dresses of the womeu into shreds, tumuling ' old ladies . down the cellar stairs, and ub- . stracting greenbacks to no inconsiderable amount from the breeches-pocket of their ' host. Seriously, we have every cause, to think that art in all its branches is but ..poorly comprehended in the future world. It the Ohio lump-post daguerreotypes and . Miss Houghton's efforts are the best which \- new-comers of aesthetic tastes may look for throughout the coming ages in the heavenly regions, it is a pity tnut moth and dust wiii be ielt to corrupt their 'Turners and Geromes here, and that they cannot be taken with them.1 Belief in theBe things is by no means confined to the illiterate or vulgar. Some ; of the wisest, most practical, most refined ;nien and women among us give them un- swerving confidence. How do they explain . these mysteries? Is there no way by which they : can make this hurly-burly of raps,: dancing tables, inane rhapsodies, and coloured daubs, representing the "Eye of -Jehovah," as attractive to the ordinary mind as the heaven of which they have robbed us: — the shadow of eternal beauty and eternal peace from hills afar off, beybnd which each: man in hia rare best moments saw his God and his. Loved ones as in a dream 7— -New York Tribune. " " England's National Debt.— The Economist says : — Mr . Lowe rather as- : tonishe'd the House of Commons not'loug! ago by. telling them that we are paying off": ; our debt much . more quickly than is commonly believed, and .that, as ;a proof of | it, we paid off as much as £10,000,000 "since so short a time ago as 1st of April, 1868\. - An account showing this to be so has now been laid on the table of the House. But these figures do not tell . us that since 1868 we have increased our debt £6,000,000! to pay for the telegraphs. And this happily. ib a- debt of a peculiar nature. It is u debt counterbalanced by a property. Formerly | . the State was liable on Consols and inte'rest- \- bearing debt; now it is liable on a debt in the ledger on- which it pays no interest.! /The annual charge is diminished; but,- ex-: cept so fur as the unclaimed balances go, : the liability to repay the principal sum, or the equivalent to it, remains just where it ' was. If we deduct this peculiar item in the account, we.have really paid on £11, 888, 846 in -lour years, which is at.-, the, rate of. £2,972,212 a year, an amount of repayment which is very satisfactory, especially con sidering that our expenditure bas in these years been very large, and which, under all probable circumstances ought, as a matter of national policy, to be at least maintained, if not increased. , - In. a wife assault case tried ' at 'Burning-' ham: recently, it 'came out in evidence that the husband never went to bed without plao-; ,ing.a carving knife under hie pillow; 