TOWN" TALK. The R.M.S. Rangoon, with the mails for Europe, is announced to leave ahout the end of the week. For letters and news papers the time of closing at the Geelong Post-office is Saturday at C p.m. A sup plementary mail via Queenscliffe will be made up at 8.30 p.m. A meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club was held yesterday, to receive entries for their Winter Steeplechase Meet ing. These will be' found published in another coiumn; and all who like to see sport will rejoice at the entries that have been made. The most sanguine never ex pected such a bill of fare, and if the handi capper manages to please, a most suc cesslul meeting may be looked forward to. The Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade are making no progress out of their diffi culties. The insurance companies refuse to assist them, the mayor says he will not hand thein over the money he has col lected unless they agree to certain restric tions to which they will not assent. The mayor reiterates his statement that the public subscribed only to provide against future fires. At a general meeting oflhcCorio Cricket Club, for the purpose of considering the appointment of a curator to the grounds and other matters, was lieid at the Me chanics' Institute on Tuesday. There was a fair attendance of members, and Mr J. Buckland presided. After some discussion it was decided to authorise the committee to appoint a curator, and make any neces sary arrangements, the person appointed to devote the whole of his time in the management of the reserve. A new mem ber was elected and admitted, and the meeting adjourned. The Shire Council of Bellarine have taken the initiative in convening a confer ence of delegates representing the various local bodies throughout the colony, to con sider the " TUistles atatutc," the "Wines. Beer, and Spirits Statute," and several other measures, with a view to the removal of certain defects which they are found to contain. The 20th instant is the day fixed for the conference, which is to take place in Melbourne. The re-erection of the Queen's Bridge over the Barwon will confer a great advan tage on the residents of Newtown and Chilwell who have cattle depasturing the common. It appears that the most valuable portion of the common is situated on the Barrabool Hills side of the river, and since the destruction of the bridge many of the commoners have been deprived of its advantages. The only bridge at present available is that at Fyansford, but this, owing to the distance involved in tra velling from the neighborhood of Chilwell, can hardly be said to be of any benefit. No doubt, as soon as the winter rains are past and good settled weather supervenes, the contractor will hasten a work that 13 of so much consequence to many of the resi dents. Ir ia announced by the Gcelong Racing Club, that a Selling Steeplechase, with 20 so vs. added, will be appended to the programme ot' the Winter Meeting. At the Masonic meeting, on Tuesday evening, a testimonial was presented to Mr Christy, in recognition of the services ren dered by him as President of the order, Scotch constitution, in Geelong, for the past two years. The address \va8 engrossed jn a style that reflected great credit on Mr G. Mercer. A meeting of the managers of the New town and Chilweli town common was held at the council chambers on Tuesday even ing. The principal business consisted of the passing of a number of accounts, and the adoption of the financial statement. The accounts owing amounted to £58 17s 9d, against which £1219s had been lodged to the credit of the common, and. outstand ing accounts amounting to £85 left a defi ciency of £11 Os 9d. It. is intended to resume the popular entertainments in the Temperance Hall, and the first will probably come off on Monday next. Weeing that these cheap means of recreation may be made produc- i tive of ranch good, it is to be hoped that the efforts made to revive them will I he more warmly supported than on past occasions. ' | Among other subjects that will in- nil probability come on for discussion at the forthcoming conference of local bodies, to 1 be bold on the 20th iustant, will he that of I dog,registration. The imposition of Ss per annum on dogs has long been felt op pressive to owners of- more than one animal, and Councillor Smith, the repre sentative at the conference of the Ban noekburnshire, will, it is understood, bring forward a motion to the effect that 2s Gd be the fee charged on all dogs, whether under or over six months. It was stated that far more revenue would be receiyed by the local bodies if the fee were lowered", A Court for the revision of the burgess list for the Borough of Steightz is to be held at the Council Chambers, Steiglitz, on Wednesday next. Seldom or never have prisoners acknow ledged their thanks or bowed themselves out of the dock so gracefully as did the two young men remanded from Mel bourne, charged with being rogues and vagabonds, who figured so conspicuously at the Police Court on Tuesday Both of them were .proved to have been in the, company of Jones and Hopkins, who re cently received sentences of two years and two years and three months' imprison ment for vagrancy. Their antecedents, related by a Melbourne sergeant of police and detective, were of the" worst de scription, in fact all that 'seemed necessary to procure a conviction was adduced; but mercy predominated over justices on the bench, and they were dis charged. On bidding good-bye to the magistrates, surprise as much cs gratitude was manifested in their looltB and utter ances, and they were speedily lost among a PWtfey collection of spesWors, prominent among whom were several members of til " thiiuble-rigging " fraternity,^ who .haunt the racecourses during busy .periods; w. The recent proclamation:;respectjnglithc "zebra stripes" appear to have Caused,quite a furore among persons wishing to'select the land held back by the late Govern ment, and the fever was rampant at Inver leigh. A firewood reserve had been kept back from selection ; but, on the announce ment of the proclamation, persons were soon on it — it has also served the purposes of a common — and before long the whole of it was pegged out. See ing that if this were taken up, there would be no place left to depasture cattle, a meet ing was hastily convened for Wednesday evening last, but the - weather was so unfavourable that only a limited number of persons could be got together, and it was adjourned to Monday last, when the inhabitants assembled in full force. It is said there were no fewer than 120 persons present, including delegates from - Sheiford and Tcesdale, and that a more unanimous meeting had never been held in the township. After the subject had been fully discussed for upwards of two hours, it was decided to send delegates to Melbourne to bring the matter under the notice of the President of Land.5, and get the land reserved from selection. Messrs Fleming, of Inverleigh, Ciarke, of Tcesdale, and Wilson, of Sheiford, were appointed to proceed to Melbourne for the purpose, and the meeting broke up. The friends of the late Mr Pettavei are invited to attend a meeting at the Prince of Wales Hotel, on Saturday afternoon, at which the subject of a memorial will be further considered. Mrs Hopwood, the wife of Mr George Hopwood of Steiglitz, was the siibject of a most singular and serious occurrence oil Monday last. It appears she was_ doing some, weeding in the garden, which is close by the township creek, and whilst thus engaged she felt something about her hand amongst the weeds, which she,thought was a toad. Almost instantly her hand and arm gave her great pain, and she found that a small puncture had iicen made in the palm of her hand as if by a pin. She became faint and very ill, and called upon a neighbour. She was then taken to Dr Delaporte who lives close by, and 110 sooner had she entered the house than the most alarming symptoms set in; she was paralysed on one side, her iaec was dis torted, and her appearance became most ghastly. The doctor administered large doses of brandy and ammonia, scarified the wound and bathed it with ammonia. She became conscious under this treatment, and was kept walking about, but it was with the greatest difficulty she was kept from sleeping. Tor many hours she was thus attended to, and gradually became better. Although now considered out of danger she is still very weak and depressed. The garden has been turned up and searched every way but no. venomous reptile has been found, nor is there anything to be seen to-account for this serious attack. Apparently she must have been bitten'by a snake. In another column will be found a copy of the report adopted by the directors of the Victorian Woollen Cloth.Company. There has been a meeting at Inverleigb to consider the best means of obtain ing the services of a medical man for the district. It was stated at the meeting that the inducements held out were of a very brilliant character, and that a, good sober medical man would shortly reap his fortune in the district. Particular strcsj was laid on the fact that the candidate must be a steady man. The doctors that are now in requisition have to oe brought from a distance, and so the charge of course is heavy. The districts which will come within the radius of the doctor's visits are large, and comprise Inverleigh, Shelford, Teesdale, and Murgheboluc, and it is said it can he proved that the position is worth at least £800 a year, and £150 is to be raised throughout the district as a bonus to be' given at the end of twelve mouths if the medical man comes up to expectations. In this matter, so urgent is the allair con sidered, the friendly societies and the public unite in endeavouring to lceep_ a doctor in the district. The District Inopootor of Bcbuols visited the Wabdallah Sehool, on the 23rd ultimo, and from. his remarks it appears to occupy an excellent position relatively to other similar institutions in the country. At the time of the Inspector's visit there were 54 pupils present, and 52 of these were ex amined. As to instruction Mr Main says " The school is fairly conducted and taught; the copy-book writing deserves special com mendation, and the sewing is rather above the average. Fair, progress had been made during the past year, and the discipline was.good, and the programme apparently observed." The township of Leigh Koad is showing signs of great improvement. Buildings are going up on every hand, and the place is rapidly assuming the proportions of. a thriving bustling country place. There was a good attendance at the Mechanics' Hall last evening to witness Bachelder's Diorama of the American "War. The audience testified that they were well satisfied with the entertainment by their repeated approbation. At the conclusion no little amusement was created by the distribution of gifts among the audience. It was announced that the exhibition would be continued Gvery night during the week. From an. advertisement in another column it will be seen that Mr Hiscox, the well known fishmonger, has re-opened business in Ryrie-street. A meeting was held at the Albion Hotel, Sandhurst, on Monday night, for the pur pose of electing a committee to carry out the necessary arrangements connected with the proposed Ministerial banquet. Mr Henry Lee occupied the chair; and at the request of the meeting (says the Indepen dent) Mr Garsed consented to act as hon. secretary of the committee about to he nominated, and Mr Aspinall agreed to undertake the duties of treasurer. The proceedings, which were . of a formal nature, resulted in the election .of a general committee of forty-four mem bers, out of which an executive committee of fourteen was nominated, the names of the latter being Mr Henry Lee (chair man,) and Messrs Caldwell, M'Intyre, Crowley, Dickason, C. Crawford, P. Hayes, C.Ro-*, H. M'CoIl, J. W. Williams, W. Rogers, J. P. Nolan, It. A. Thornton, and E. Garsed, (secretary.) It was then determined that the banquet should , take place on the evening of Thursday the 20th instant, and the price of the tickets was fixed at half-a-guinea. It was also re-, i solved to leave the felection of the place in which the banquet should take place to the chairman and lion, secretary, and the meet ing then adjourned until the following evening at the same time and place, it being understood that the executive committee would meet in the interim, and bring up a progress report to the general committee. The Colac Observer has the following : The land scramble still continues, and is likely to continub equal to any of its pre decessors in point of excitement. For two allotments in the parishes of Ondit and Mirnee, which were announced to be open for .selection on and after Saturday last,, .the 8th instant, there has been, a perfect , rush'. We were informed yesterday that early ojf Saturday morning no less than twenty-one pegs had been. driven ' one hole," which means, we suppose, that' they had been driven so close together as to make it appear that they had all been . put down simultaneously. . But the richest bit wehave heard is that some parties have actually been, pegging out private land, the ' property of Mr Robertson 1 What next? .will be ■ the exclamation. If people are 80 earth hungry as to impel them to make snob ludicrous blunders in their eagerness to obtain land, the}' have ample scope in the forest to the south to exercise their pegging proclivities. We pity some of the gentlemen who preside over the next land boards, when some of the cases coine before them, for it will be next to impossible to decide who was the first man to put in bis pegs in instances such as the one we have quoted at Ondit. The Ministry have accepted the invita , tiQfi tQ Visit t'hQ wter-Yf^'ka fit ami to l>o present at a banquet, but tbe date lor snob visit cannot, so the Age states, be fixed till after tbe assembling of Par liament, owing to the pressure of work in Milli ters' bands; for the same reason the banquet at Kyneton will h'ave to be postponed for some two months. The same paper announces that the Chief Secretary lias it in contemplation to appoint a Com mission for the purpose of considering the best mode of introducing skilled artisans in special lines of industry to the colony. The Argus understands that the long pending dispute between the Governments ofJTew South Wales and Victoria relative to tbe ownership of Pentlaud Island is to be referred to the decision of the Queen in Council. The .necessary documents will be. forwarded by the outgoing mail. " The M'CulIoch administration, in car rying out their policy of economy, reduced the number of police officers and constables. Although there was n large amount to the credit of the police reward fund, there was no power to pay these reduced officers •anything. Sir James M'CulIoch, however, allowed them half-pay out of the Treasurer's advance, intending afterwards to ask the sanction of Parliament, and to introduce a bill satisfactorily dealing with the reward fund. But be was unable to do this, and we, (Argns), learn that one of the first measures which the present Government in tend to introduce is a bill dealing'with this subject. The police reward fund lias been practically misused for a .long time past, and it is most desirable that some arrange ment should be made by which it would be usefully and equitably applied. • A petition to the Government is now in course of signature on behalf of the widow and family of Mr Wills, late P.M. (says 'the Bcnalla Ensign), urging that« gratuity may be granted to the deceased gentleman's family, on two grounds—first, that Ids appointment as gold commissioner was an annulled by the Legislative Council, and he did not accept the compensation which Air Pyke received (ilGOOJ ; and secondly, that lie did not take the twelve months' leave of absence to which he was entitled. We learn from the IJallarat Ala it that Alexander Kose, the defaulting bank clerk from Kmerald Ilcraid Hill, and who "iiaii" the bank managers in Buninyong and Lear month to the tune of some £400, was brought before the City Police Court on Tuesday morning, at the instance of one of his sureties, Air George Ross, who, think ing that the accused " might be induced to leave the colony," was relieved from his responsibility, and the accused remanded to gaol, unless fresh approved bail was forth coming. It will be remembered, says the Ballarat Post, that about two years ago, Air Swan, one of the employes in the Ballarat ter minus work-sheds gave evidence before a commission which was unpalatable to the Engineer-in-Chief, and was discharged. The evidence was to the effect that a boiler was in a dangerous state, and that opinion was afterwards, confirmed. ' Subsequently an attempt was made to reinstate Swan, and the Engincer-in-Chief threatened to resign if his order was controverted. The present Alinister of Railways has rc-in stated Mr Swan who resumed work, on Monday last. Judge Cope's first appearance on the bench at the Melbourne Connty Court was signalised by the necessity of committing a man for forty-eight hours. The Age thus details ' the circumstances:—" A witness named Charles Eves, on entering the box, refused to give evidence until his expenses were paid, and bis Honor, finding that the case had been on the list for four days, ordered the payment of £3 to the witness. Eves, however, said that he had-been fourteen days ' bothering about the case,' and declined to accept this amount. 'JL'tte money was tendered him, but he refused to take it, and as he persisted in declining to give evidence, his Honour sentenced him to forty-eight hours' hu prisonment for coulempt of tonrl. As the' witness was leaving the court he said that he would sooner go to gaol for twelve months than give evidence for such an amount after ail the trouble he had been put to." A fatal accident is reported by the Bal lani Oitimr io hare ocuurrea omuowtay" afternoon, about two o'clock, at the claim, of the Hero Quartz Milling Com;; my, Little Bendigo.' A yflung man named Thomas Martin, residing at the Brown Hill, twenty-three years of age, and un married, was working below, when a sudden and unexpected fall of earth took place in which he was enveloped. His mates immediately set to work to extricate him, and medical aid was sent for, but by the time they got to the spot it was evident that life was extinct, and it ~v,ns found that the head of the poor fellow was seriously injured. The people of Sandhurst have sped their old and respected Police Magistrate, Mr M'Laehlan, on his way to Europe, with a handsome testimonial of £700. The Ben digo Independent says, on the subject:— A number of gentlemen met at the Shamrock Hotel, on Monday morning, for the purpose of presenting to Mr M'Laclilan, the late Police Magistrate of Sand hurst, a testimonial consisting of 700 sovereigns. The presentation was made by Mr John MTntyre,. J.P., after a very complimentary address had been read by Mr Edward Garsed; and an appropriate and feeling reply was made by the reci pient. The proceedings which, owing to the early hour of the morning, were not of a convivial nature, were nevertheless marked by great good-fellowshin." Our friend the Telegraph, who appears to know all the naughty things it ought not to know, has the subjoined :—" Within a few days the scandal-loving world is likely to be afforded pabulum ot' a most congenial character. A gentleman, who is a member of a leading metropolitan club and a squatter, will have to appear before the City Court to meet an accusation of assault, with intent to commit a criminal offence. An information has been sworn, and the summons issued upon it. It seems thai the husband, happening to drop upon the defendant at the right moment, inflicted sunimary punishment." The Sydney Freeman has published a translation of a letter received by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland from the Bishop of Amiens, appealing through him, to the active sympathy of the people of Australia. After detailing the misery that ^ exists in France, and making air urgent appeal for aid, the writer says:—" I ad dress myself personally to your lordship in order that any subscriptions you obtain may be forwarded direct to myself, as the public bodies to whom is intrusted the distribution, of a great deal of the funds subscribed cannot possibly have the same opportunities of ascertaining so well as myself and my clergy the depths of the I necessities in individual cases. . Our local correspondent writes, says the Ballarat Star Time, instead of lessen ing belief in the Burnt Bridge ghost, has rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of the party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted hou>e. This person is so imbued with fear ever since that he is almost prostrate. On Fri day night a crowd gathered around him in his' dwelling to henr his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors unceremoniously rushed out. Find ing himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he.-hastily snatched up a blan ket,'but in hi3 excessive confusion and hurry left his hat and. boots behind, and applied all available speed in making his escape, to vny house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully imnldrerl sflnnttnnw. tie said he must have travelled the distance in thirteen bounds, so great was his terror, and hq seriously congratulated himself on bis good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a' man about forty-five years of age, and about six feet six inches high, with hair standing on end, barefooted and bareheaded, cleariug huge logs and other obstructions as if the Arch fiend himself were at bis heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and you have a faith ful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish ^pwch'cs wit!) ikeajw^ it\ $634 « netting tangible resistance. Should the icheme be carried oat, I may have to tell ;ou before long of more converts to the ievr faith." There are people in Fiji who evidently do not think that half a loaf is better than no bread, to judge by the following para graph from the Fiji Times of the - latest late, viz., June 10th :—" The committee appointed by the white residents of Levuka, Dn the 5th instant, to consider the present political position of foreign residents in Fiji, and report thereon, held their first meeting at the reading-room on "Wednes day evening. There was a full attendance of the committee, and the discussions were miniated. We report progress:—'That Messrs Kogalsky, I/jEstage, Smith, and Manton be appointed to draw up a protest igainst the proceedings taken on Monday ■-yfour Europeans taking upon themselves J governinentof these islands,and having he same registered.' ' "We are of opinion that it is absolutely necessary we should lave some form of government, and irknowlcdge that amalgamation of both latives and whites is desirable. Eat, at be same time, we do not acknowledge the nominations made fay Cakobau, and will not recognise the same.' The committee thought it advisable that a copy of the Eau Constitution should be obtained, and a sub-committee having been appointed to procure it, the meeting adjourned." " The national debt of Engnland," says tile Athenmum, in a review of ilr Baxter's work on national debts, "has, since 1813, decreased in amount of nominal capital; the annual charge has been greatly dimin ished, owing to the reductions of interest; a further decrease on the charge per head has been effected by the increase of popu lation ; and lastly the proportion of annual charge to income has, owing to the great development of our national resources, been very considerably reduced. All these cause-s combined have so greatly decreased the pressure of the debt, that the following remarkable conclusion may be arrived at. In 1S70, with a debt of £800,700,000, the percentage of charge to income is scarcely greater than it was in 1700, when the debt was only £12,GOO,000. In 1700, the an nual charge for the debt was £1,250,000 ; the estimated income of the"United King dom was £55,000,000; the percentage of charge to income was 2 3. In 1870, the annual charge for debt amounted to £24.270,000; the estimated income of the country was £860,000,000, making the per centage of charge to income 2 8." 