SKULLS AND SCIENCE. (From the Hew York Tribune.) Chicago has done it at last ! The last reproach upon pur flag is wiped off, and the city of divorce an t ditches is our redeemer.. As a. nation our youth has always be£n the one datnned spot that would not out.' The aint of vulgar newness has rested on our rivers.and our mountains, as well as on' our ideas and our manners; -and Chicago has'no doubt felt the burden with peculiar bitternes ? We may bav& jibed her with her late birth our selves. Any feather-headed foreigner had the prerogative of age to jeer at us. Whether we i choked a rebellion or sounded our r's through our nose, we were liable to be patted Ojj the hack and suavely reminded that we' Were0 young, and that- things were not so dont- in the older countries over the sea. Could we deny it ? Jonathan oould fitretoh his mighty limbs as be pleased, brag of his giant? s strength, his shrewd brain, ; his yearly conquest^; ' vet he was painfully conscious all tbe time that he was the hobble-de-hoy among nations — the : unlicked schoolboy with, whom. nobody dared to try a wrestle, but who could be stung into fury by a sneer. Consequently he has koo tooed and salaamed before every travelling ' scribbler or s'ory-monger, fesrful that he would he dismissed by them to the Ounce's stoiol for some solecism in manners or pro nunciation. To be sure we did wnat we could to make ourselves a 'descent and an antiquity. The Kew ?jiDglariders kept the dead bones of the Pilgrim l'atiiers stalking abroad in tbe sight of all men. Philadelphia has never buried William Penn; in ! New York wc made what . capital- we c0.u'cf . out fiendrik nudc-p'u ; ' and Virginia families, headed by. the Leej, con sole themselves to day for their empty pockets and missing slaves by squabbling abont whether their visionary coals of armsj-hould be moons . with unfilled horns or rampant squirrels. But Chicago has come to the rescue. She has; discovered a skull- in Calaveras cbunty, California, and named it in her Academy of Sciences, which proves tbe American to be not the youngest son of -Time, hut the unnamed ancestor . pf 2ime itself. ' The Kuropcan scientific journals receive the report of . ttie dis cPVery. with brfathlef-s awe. 'The spot from whic^ the skull wa6 taken,'' they say^ ' the lowest of four deposits of auriferous gravel, over which were five successive beds of lava .alnd volcanic tufa, refers it to. the Pliocgne, or the :age ; before the volcanic er u ji tion s: which cover a great part of the State, preceding that of the,, mastudon, elephant, and other great pachyderms, 'i his remarkable discovery; then, if placed beyond doubt, ' 'carries' ! back the presence of man iu America to a period even more remote than that itfferred front the stone implements in tbe drift of Abbeville and Amiens in the valley, -of the So m tne, orthe human skeleton in the Ibess of the Rhine,' . . Various conjectures' foljow us as to^ihe. effect of this discovery uponnfuture science, j'ut what do_,'we care for ''future science ? We are no longer like Melchlsedec, without father, mother, or descent The past is ours. 4 ne hrst dead Yankee hai gone down to be. crowned. King in Hades! ?)' Hell ? from beneath is moved to meet liim-fat his coming ; it stirreth up the dead for hiin, even the chief ones of the earth.' 'Jalkif your Norman blood, ot old Castiliiin, or the ancicnt Latin races ! When grey haired SatiiVn was a 'babe in swaddling clothes, this great pro genitor of ours had left life, old $ Age itself ..to see what profit cduld be niade in tbe realm of ghosts. When the inodern Adam first looked about the newlv-faishiiined wbrjdj this ancient Jonathan nodded ^ORd luck to- him' out of the land of 'HshadowsK* Ages befpre he had discovered, ipvent^.jtje^tjid, the world, and all tbjt was in it, and found it to bo but vanity and vexation of spirit: The nges since have heaped dead races over his resting place, who, being dead, rest in quiet and -make no «ign. Cut, true -to his.'Sature, he comes nosing his way. back, .aindiib^ts his fleshless : jaws among hiis descendants^! to see what new thing they hjave -|pund outfit this .late hour of, the cay. - !)fie has br-yfght us dignity 'ampbg the nations! '' Senceforth the Goddess pf Liberty shall keep bim in is^ght of them cheek by jowl with herself. / ' Here she and Tjme shall sit. ' He're'is'her.thronfe : let 'Kings come bow to it.'* .. . ; 