Fallen by the Way. By Ariel. CHAPTER XXXI. They sent Gerald — poor, holy, grief-stricken Gerald ! — to talk to Algernon Sidmouthe. They might as well have bid the rainbow bar the course of the thun der storm. Gerald urged every plea for mercy, and even for justice, for the accused. ' You drove him to this ; you made him mad with your temptations and your exactions. It is but justice to save him from the penalty of the deed which he committed when influenced by you.' Algernon laughed a wicked laugh. ' Prove him mad and he is safe. The law inflicts no penalty on madmen. Prove him mad. Ha, ha. It will serve my purpose well.' Gerald rose erect in holy wrath. Algernon stood up to confront him. What a contrast ! Both men so beautiful, yet so different. The clergyman's soul-lit face, shrined in its waves of brown soft hair, and the blue eye ablaze with indignant feeling, toAvering several inches above his companion's lower stature. That companion, small, slight, sinewy, the very smile around his handsome mouth suggesting that devils pulled the muscles that caused it, the light in his small dark eyes flashing like sparks of eternal fire ? his hand twitching nervously close and loose as if he would crush some unseen thing in its grasp. The one so eminently earthly, not to mention a possibly lower assimilation ; the other beaming with the reflection of heaven upon his soul. Said Gerald— 'I warn you, I -warn you. Bold bad man, I warn you that heaven will exact retribu tion for this deed. Repent, look to it that you repent while you can, or it may be there will be no time and place tor repentance allowed to you.' 'Repent? And what shall I gain by repentance as you call it ? ' sneered Algernon. ' ' Pardon, man, pardon of your vile iniquities.' ' And suppose, just as a mere matter of specula tion, suppose that I prefer these same iniquities to the pardon — what then r ' 'Then die!' thundered Gerald. 'Die in your sins, and take the consequences.' ' Very well, I'm willing,' Algernon answered softly ; ' Meantime, die or not die, our honest friend Hunt shall take the full consequnces of his sins also.' It was no use talking. Baffled in this last attempt, Gerald turned, heart-sick, away. There was no* saving Rodney — he must take his trial. The day of the trial came speedily. Not too fast for Rodney, though. He was anxious, very anxious that the time of suspense should be over, and what ever the result was, it would be a fixed certainty. The case did not attract attention, consequently there were few people but the officials in the Court. One group, however, of visitors 'were present, two aged ladies and two gentlemen, one of them distin guished by comparative youth and by the uniform of i God's ministers on earth ; and together with these a ^ tall, slight, pale lad* This latter ought to have been '? a witness for the prosecution, a very important wit ness, but the course which the defendant meant to take was 'well known to the legal gentlemen in whose ? hands the case rested. There would be no need for witnesses. It was well so, for A. B. would have I bitten out his tongue before it should have uttered a 1 word to criminate his master. There was another I group present also, one member of which would, if I the case had been tried, have been more than a spec- 1 tator. Algernon and his sister were seated near the \ Judge. There was a malicious glance of triumph on. Algernon's face, but the other party noticed with pity \ that Myrondella hung her head, and never once looked up, except when Rodney entered the dock. Then she cast upon him one long agonised glance, and \ then bowed her head as before. ; ' My darling ! ' her mother murmured, and Gerald I heard. Surely it had been long since she had called - her so before. ' She repents,' whispered Gerald, turning' an eager '? glance on her, and one of comfort to her mother. ] ' 'No,' said her mother, sadly, ' it is not repentance, ; but remorse.' 9 ' God help her !' m Rodney stood very calm and pale in the dock. He M looked at his prosecutor, and his lips closed sternly. M There was more character in those unsteady lips at m that moment than had ever before been upon them. M 13ut they parted again as his eye rested questioningly M upon Myra's bent form. She did not look l-ke an m exultant enemy. He drew a long deep sigh, and turned M away. He never once looked in that direction again. ? When he saw the group of sympathising friends, the m ghost of a smile rested in his sunken eyes. He was thankful that they did not desert him in his disgrace. He stood patiently while the preliminaries of the case were gone through, until his plea was demanded. Then he spoke with a clear ring in his voice, in which sorrow had made another and a deeper tone. ' I intend to T?lead guilty. I have committed this act, and I will not use any fiction of law that would imply a denial of it. But I desire to speak a lew ? ?words, not, I beg to be understood, in extenuation,* hut in explanation of my offence. Not, I repeat, in i its extenuation, for it has none. I am guilty, I mean \ to plead guilty, and I desire to suffer the penalty j which I have justly incurred.' m Struck by the manly tone, and the full confession ? it contained, iha Judge assented to the prisoner's m desire, and listened attentively. I Rodney resumed. 'I wish it to be understood ? that there is no malice in what I am about to say. W Truly I need forgiveness so much myself that I may m well 6ay I forgive all, even my bitterest enemy.' ? And involuntarily his eye turned upon Algernon, on ? whose face a mocking attentive smile was beaming. M ' I am not making a legal statement, your Honor, and some of my remarks are not admissable of legal proof. Nevertheless, all, I say, has moral proef sufficient even to others than myself. Four years since I landed on these shores an utter stranger. Among all to whom I had introductions I found none of whom I made friends except the family of my pro secutor. Another family, of much humbler social position, I became intimately acquainted with, through my having obtained a lodging with them, and I grieve to say I made the two families known to each other, for out of that act has sprung my misery and my crime. I married the daughter of this humbler family, but even before that I had become intimately familiar with the prosecutor, then my friend, and had entered into a course of living such as is sure to bring any man to ruin. I had unwittingly offended Mr. Sid mouthe by my marriage. I might have guessed it then, had! not been a fool; I know it now. Ihere were two reasons, both too delicate for discussion, your Honor, why this offence was taken. Added to this, my friend's mother married my wife's father two true Christians came together in the match, and that is the one bright spot in all my gloomy history— but this was degradation in the eyes of my friend, the prosecutor. I incurred his hatred and I knew it not, and my innocent wife shared it. I went on m the ways of sin, and my friend was still outwardly my friend, and most truly my mentor in the ways ot Satan. I recoiled sometimes, for my nature is not low, your Honor, but I yielded to all temptation, ana went'on. And I broke my wife's heart, I broke. tne heart of the sweetest— I need not go on with mat. Prior to my marriage I had made myself security tm a bill for £.500 in favour of Mr. Sidmouthe. Inis Dili he coolly would not meet, and I could not. 1 ^as ? obliged to renew it from term to term with ever in creasing interest, until it and my own debts, gamDiui,, and otherwise, became like a dead weight dragging me down to destruction. I urged Mr. fidmoutne often to help me, but he only jeered and I laughed. Two or three days before I committed this forger} , * had been roused, by the expostulation of a kmdfneno, to a sense of my wife's declining health, andotmy own position. I feared that she was dying, «na£ longed with unspeakable longing to get *»*«*': trammels that surrounded me, and carry her off some where where fresh air, new scenes^ my own lovub attentions might yet save her. We I was mthis mood, I happined to wander to my old haunts m ittr. Sidmouthe'sPhouse, and I talked privately with Jum. Our conversation turned on M ? 's forgery v^icr. had iust taken place. Mr. Sidmouthe escusedthe action, and in a vague way seemed ft - jusfcfy any ^ who^as clever enough to do such a deed so as to escape detection and ebtain the proceeds, i «* blundering attempts at law-breaking, he .said, ™ ability covers a multitude of Bins. He tooK _up cheque which he had just signed, and ran* we » laughing, 'Now, just see, what a temptation, j«t cleverly to repeat that and fill up for any sum one likes. ' He quitted the room, for a few moments, your Honor, and he left his cheque-book lying on the table. A devil prompted me, and I tore the last ?blank from the book, and put it in my pocket. It ?was easy after that to imitate the signature, as I have many letters of Mr. Sidmouthe's 'writing in my pos session. I do not attempt, your Honor, to draw an extenuation for my crime from these circumstances. I merely wished to detail them for my friends' satisfac tion. I plead guilty, your Honor.' Many eyes -were turned upon Algernon, not ap provingly. He smiled on; none of these things moved him. His revenge 'was sure. But Myra bowed lower and lower. Not much more to be done. Only the sentence. Two years' imprisonment ! and the prisoner bowed to his Judge, and to the little friendly party that watched him. Then Algernon touched his sister. ' Come, Mia,' She shrank from his touch, and followed to the carriage. Once there, she laid her hand impressively upon his arm. ' Algy, is this indeed your doing r ' ' Oui, ma srcur.' ' Did vou tempt him r ' ?? I did'.' Sh'e fell back, white as death. ' I wish I did not love you. I wish I was dead. I wish I was dead. O that I had never sinned.' CHAPTER XXXII. There was grief in the old house in George- street ; titter, calm, uncomplaining grief. The good old iran, the tender husband, the kind father, the simple, quiet, consistent Christian man, ley adying. Stricken to the heart, broken down by the sorrow that had overwhelmed his gentle nature, he could not bear up against it. He was going. Going home to his Father's glory. Going home to shine in his Saviour's living crown. Going home to company, he, the aged father, with patriarchal saints who walk the blissful streets of heaven's high city. Going home to look in his daughter's happy eyes gleaming with the reflection of the golden throne. Going beyond the reach of sin's black poison. Going home ! They had carried him to Kathleen's room, and stretched him on the pretty rose-wreathed bed. It was his own desire. He lay there, peaceful, looking longingly at the grand sunset that shone without. It was beautiful, that sunset. Great masses of gold and ruby and emerald and sapphire, through which the broken rays came streaming and gilding all the dark hills below with light. Farther off — where the glory had cooled into evening's duskv blue — white clouds flitted pure as speeding angel's robes. He sighed as he looked, and turned to the eastern ?window. There, on the distant heights of Woolloo mooloo, shone hundreds of windows, kissed by the setting sun, until the lorig rows of them looked like the -symmetrical jewels'in some magnificent crown. Again he sighed, and yet he smiled. 'My Father's — house — on — ' he began muttering, and looked at his wife. We have before said that Mrs. Love had a splendid voice. There rose now such a sweet, sad strain of exquisite melody, that it seemed like the forerunner ef heaven itself. ' My Fatlicv's house on high ! Home of my soul, how near At times, to faith's foreseeing eye, Thy golden gates appear. Here in the body pent, Absent from Thee ] roam Vet nightly pitch my moving tent A day's march nearer Home ! Nearer Home ! nearer Homo : A day's march nearer Home ! ' 'Nearer Home!' he murmured. 'Very near Home ! Not far, no-.v, from Home ! I can see — lanthe, I am sorry to leave you.' ' Think not of it, dear love. I shall come soon. There will not be long to wait. Think not of me, but of the delight before you, dear.' ' Ay, the Lord delights Himself in them that love Him. I go willingly ; oh, so willingly. Mine has been a long life, and I have had my joys and my sorrows ; fewer sorrows and many more joys than I deserve.' He was silent for a while, looking steadfastly at the fading skies. ' 'When that is gone I— Kathleen, Kathleen ! ' And a beaming smile overspread the old man's face, while he looked upwards. ' He sees her,' A. B. whispered, straining his eyes, ' he sees her. I could almost see.' ' No,' said the dying man, 'no. I saw,^ but not with the body's eyes. My soul saw — was it Kathleen ? My daughter, yes, I come.' ??Gan-pa,' little Kathy asked, 'are oo doing away to Jesus ? Are oo doing where mamma is don? ' ' Yes, my darling, I think so. I am glad te go, Kathy.' ' Oh, 'es, Tatie 'ould be dlad too. Do oo tink dey will 'et Tatie tome, tome day ? ' ' Yes, but not for a long while, my pet. God has work for little Katie to do yet.' ' Papa,' suggested the child, ' der might be 'ork for 'ittle girls in heaben. But Tatie will wait till Jesus calls her, 'ike He called Sam' el.' The old man smiled, but did not answer, and the child said no more. After another silence he feebly called A. B. ' Boy, you are going soon where I am going.' 'Sir.' 'The Lord will want you early, A. B. See that your lamp be lighted.' A gleam came in the lad's blue eyes. ' I shall be ready when He comes,' was all he answered. ' It is good,' Mr. Love said, with a loving look at the flush that had lit up the pale young face. ' lanthe, come near. My sight grows clear as I reach the graA'e. I see how that poor boy of ours has been misled. Nay, wife, love, hang not your head, nor weep. God help our erring children. But he must be saved, dearest ; he mttst be saved. When he comes out of yender place take care to bring him home. He is proud. He will try to hide away. Bring him home, and let him live with his little child. Tell him my last message was my earnest love. Tell him to repent and flee to the fountain open for sin and uncleanness. Tell him to fall by the way is not to miss the end entirely. If he runs he shall yet surely obtain. Tell him to get up and run, for heaven is open and Kathleen expects — him— to — My love, open the win — ' He paused, exhausted, and so faint and white was he that they thought he was gone. \X this moment the door opened, and Gerald and his mother came noiselessly in. Gerald stood over the bed and watched earnestly the wan face. ' I am too late,' he whis pered sorrowfully. ' I wish. I had heard him.' The dying nian opened his eyes and smiled, sayi7ig low, «« Young brother, nothing is too late. I go— I go— I go— to— Christ—and eternal— glory.' Then, indeed, the aged head fell, and all was over. Mrs. Love kissed the cold forehead. 'I thank -5od,' she said, calmly, ' for His great mercy,' and suffered Mrs. Clynne to lead her away without a tear. ' 