CAREER OF THE PSEUDO COUNT VON ATTEMS. THE Straits Times, of October 15, gives the follow ing account of this gentleman, in whom a number of persons in Australia still feel a lively interest : By the last French mail from Java we have received a copy, forwarded to us from Sourabaya, of a legal document containing the judge's summing up of the case on passing sentence on the pseudo Count von Attems. It is of very groat length hence we have thought it better to give only an abstract of it. Tho indictment was on two counts-first, fo knowingly making use of forged commercial writings ; second, for escaping from prison by break ing out. Tho accused, whose roal namo is Cur Oswald Schmalz, was born at Pirna, in Saxony, 01 May 24, 1813, anduftor having successfully attendee tho commercial school nt Planen, began his caroo: at Trieste, whero he obtained employment in u count- ing-house for a while, and continuod nt tho samt time his studies ot the commercial academy there but having incurred many debts, he secretly lefi .tho city in the twontieth year of his ago, : uni wont to North Anurico in a sailing ship. After hii arrival in - America ho enlisted in the Northern Army, in tho 2nd Massachusetts Cavalry, and wai promoted tb be captain, but being discharged at the end of the war he betook hiinsolf tb Bib do Janeiro, whero, aft,or fruitless efforts' to onter tho Brazilian servico, ho obtained a situation from a certain mer chant named George Bovis. Shortly after this, on receiving news from his fathor that tho latter was no longer able to honour his little bills drawn on the Saxon Consul, ho left Bio again on account, ol I running into debt; and after having once more j fruitlessly striven to onliat aa a soldier, both at Monto Video and Buenos Ayros, he at the latter 'place received £50 on a bill signed Count:Vpn Auersporg, a name assumed then for the first time by him. . In tho samo way) and under tho same name, ho afterwards defrauded soverul bankers at Bahia, Moyabamba, Lima, Guayaquil, San Juan, and Havana, of various sums, amounting altogether. to about £2100, and, having at length arrived at Now York, he obtained £100 from a banker there upon showing him a letter of credit from nn English banker prepared by himself. With this amount he paid his passage to Sierra Leone (WoBt Coast ot Africa). Ho thoro, still under tho name of Count Von Auersporg, defrauded a banker of £200, and .sailed afterwards to Madeira and from thoiico to Barcelona. At those two plaoos ho received altogether on tho aforesaid letter of crodit £500. Prom Barcelona ho crossed over to Bona in Algeria, under tho nomo of Count Wurmbrant Stup pach, and received there £100 on a lotter of credit1 from Rothschild's banking house, at Vionnii, pre- pared by himself, after which ho, on tho failure of a like attempt at Algiers, took shipping for Constanti- nople, where, under tho pseudo name of Count Von Landberg, ho caused a banker to pay out tohiui£100. From Constantinople he went by a man-of-wur steamer to Alexandria, and onco more as Count Von Auersperg, received £500 both there and at Cairo ; after which, under the nome of Berthold Stone, ho left Aloxnndria for »-'ossina by tho M. I. steamer Peluao. From Messina he went to Naples and pro 'cured a pass from Mr. Alfred D. Green, the American Consul there, under tho nome of Mr. Curl Von Berthold Stein, which poss was, at his own request, exchanged by ¿lr. Lawrence, American Consul ut Florence, for -another bearing tho namo of Mr. Charles Von Berthold Stone. With this puss he travelled to Trieste, , stayed thoro for u short time under his trna name, nnd paid Homo small old dobie. Upon this he left for Vienna by railway under the namo of Stono, and bought thoro from A. Zinnor, n ' banker, u bill tor £ IS on tho Anglo-Austrian bank at London, to tho order of Cuptuin Stono. Ho then, without having received any money at Viennii, set out for London' by way of Bresden,- whero ho paid a visit to his uncle, a Lieutouant-Goneralof Infantry. Shortly after bia arrivnl in London ho boiii-ht a box with types and printing' utensils, and nlso a bill-book, with tho' object of . malting uso of them, if need' bo, in tho preparation of forged bills. Before discounting the bill on tho Anglo-Austrian bank, bought, nt Vienna, ho, niter obtaining tho accoptnnco of Messrs. S. Beiui raont, director, und F. Bruer, generul manager of this bank, imitated tho signatures of theso gentle- men on a pieco of paper by means of glass, procured a whito cloth Austrian fancy uniform great cont, blue pantaloons, and n fancy eau with lace,. und aftorwurds loft for Amstordam, where he presented himself to Ibo Austrian Consul na Count Franz;von Schonborn. Dressed in tho aforesaid cont ¡md cap, and protonding to bo an Austrian ollicor, ho was ' introduced nnder the iibove name to tho managers of tho Netherlands India Trading Gunk thoro hy- the Austrion Consul, oud caused tho Raid managers to supply him with 0512 francs, that is, with 170 i English sovereigns-2,027,25,15 francs "English hunk notes ; 170.25 francs, 105,50 francs in Dutch money, and a lotter of cr-odit for 7200 francs on the bend' agency of tho said bunk ut Butuvin, in exchange for four forged Germun bills, filled up by himself on the Anglo-Austrian Bunk, containing tho signatures of the banker*,.- A. Zinnor, ns drawer, and of Messrs. . S. Beaumont and If. Breuer, - reapoctively director und genoral manngor of the' said bank, as acceptors, for £2U0 each. Once in the possession of these valuables, ho repaired to Paris, where, unii er tho name of Baron Johann von Paum gartcn, ho procured from the firm of Norton and Co. a letter of ero it for 14,103,10 francs in oxchango for bills forged as beforo to tho amount of £000, on which he obtained at Paris 1000 francs, ¿nd after- wards at Brussels, from tho agents of tho said .firm, ' G. Cassel and Co., 6000 francs. Alter b. vory short stay ut Brussels, ho roturnëd til.London with tho money rocoived at, tho former-place ; from London; ho took passage-: for Australia. Onco arrived at Sydney,, ho gove himsolf out to bb Count Ignaz von Atteins, captain of horso in thu Austrian anny,, and bogan MB forgeries on a greater, scale. . Amongst other things, he proparod then, a forged, lotter of recommendation, from tho' Archduke Albert to the Austrian consulates in Australia and Asia, a forged permission'to travol from the' said Archduko and the Austrian IMinistor of Wnr, a. .lotter of .intro- duction - from - Anton Count 'vori ,' Auereperg pi, ,h'V Exctllonoy . Sir Jrdiu Younjr. '? Governor. .of.v-Nov.' South ' Wu «ai, u crt ulm', letter ol credit from, tho Anglo- Auatriun _ Bunk td' its correspondents in Australia and Asia, and. lastly, ' bills, in tho bill-book brought with him from. Lon- don, to amounts of £100 and upwards, to tho order of Ignaz Count von Attems, with tho forged accept- ances for the Anglo- AuBtrian Bank of the abovo named MCBBIS. Beaumont and Brouer, payable, by tho hankers. Glynn and Co., nt London, and drawn by the Austrian Minister of Finances, Von Becke, on which tho Austrian arma were printed on the margin in black ink, with a 6tamp produced at tho trial, arid stated by tho accused to have been bought at Marseilles. Across the billa the words "No," "Accepted," "Payable at," "Directer," were printed behind the signature pf Mr. Beaumont, "General Manager" behind that, of Mr. Breuer, j and ut tho foot " K. K Finanz Ministerium"_abovo ;. the - signature .of the .Minister Karl von Blecke. "Whenever he,had need of money he cut out more of theso bills from the book,-and furnished with hia endorsement as ' .Count" 'Ignaz 'yon Atteins), ,ho sold them'''to > several'.' hankers, and did "sb to v the. amount -.altogether.;;bf about , ¿650»,' after which;he, whenheaaw tfcat the.forgeries .must ' be discovered, bo'ugtít apd fitted .put at; Brisbane >a. yacht named the 'Hàmlèt's'' Ghost, 'with which he ' steered for Java,'! with a crew enlisted lby himself. I Having come off ¡Timor, and.feeBng * vvanfc ot pro . visions and money, to. pay , his "men, he" ran into. ! Kupang, and there endorsed" to "J1. .H"., do Siso',''a' , trader, two'of tho bills-'prepared' in; Australia,, one for £100 and: the other for £200, for which "he asserts ! that he received mostly, cash.'.," When he. at last arrived at Sourabaya, ho went to the British Consul,, pretending, to bb Count Ignaz'von Attems^,. By. means of the Consul ;he came intb communication with the agent of the Botterdam Bank there, and' sold1 to him",, for tho opening of a credit, twp of - the ; bills previously prepared in Australia and cut out of, his bill-book, for the aniounta réiipèctively of £200"and £500, of which amounts he only received'2700 francs on .chequea drawn .by him : on the agency bf tho aforesaid bank at Sourabaya,: und signed, with tho name of Ignaz Count von Atteins. Being thereupon detained'' ànd afterwards taken 'into custody, he at first denied his guilt, but, repenting nf tor warda of. hja misdeeds, made a full confession of his guilt, which was followed by a lengthy account^ of his adventures, written by himself, for the servico of justice. ".... This confession, so faros it bore upon' tho bill'for, £200, No. 10,327, sold to.Mr. de.Siao, and the'two' bills No. 10,328 and 10,3.0, sold, to thu Rotterdam Bunk, wasconfirme I -firstly, the witnesses Seoh.Sahan bin Said Bahmid and' P. H. Soeters,' agent of the said bank, tho first of whom declared' tinder oath' that ho, by . the endorsement of Mr. do Siso, bocumo owner of bill No. 10,327,.and-sold it .to thelRottorr dam Bank, never doubting bf. its genuineness ;. and ¡ tho lattor testified that Mr. Vun Láér,' British Vice consul at Sourabaya, made him acquainted with tho- accused, and that he without any. suspicion' ? bought from tho latter tho bills,Nos. 10,323 and 10,329, after tho' said Consul had'como to, bis office, bringing the bill-book of tho' accused,,, and asking .him .if. ha would1 buy,., billa from' thb lattor; that he had already, paid the' accused £2700 for these bills, when he was informed from tho head agency bf the bank at'Batavia, to whom tho.. : billa had been sent, that there was reason tb 'believe.' that the accused waa tho same os tho Count von Schonborn who committed frauds at, Amsterdam Borne months before ; that thia, when [the suspicions wero further strengthened, led'tb'the arrest pf the accused ; that Mr. do Siso had reimbursed him. for , tho amount of the bill he had bought from Bahmid, but that he, had never" received back any of-tho money paid . to the. accused; secondly,, by ther ' declarations'made by H. É. Franz Carl Freiherr von,. Becked Austrian Ministor of Finances, that his s'igna , ture appearing on the aforesaid bills,'ona bf which,' and photographs of the, two others, had been shown him, were forged, und that .tho words ," K..^. Finanz. Ministerium" were not usually in .use to designate the Austrian3 Financial Department.1 Thirdly*, by , .tho declarations made by Messrs. > Beaumont1 and Breuer that their signatur.es on, hills No. 10,328 and '10,329, ünown to, thom phptographicaUy, . werb forged,' and neither'britten by thom .nor put there1 by their;authorization, ' co-operation-,, or approval ;, fourthly, by a declaration made by P.' Englohardt,. one pf the, directors .of.¡ the.. Anglo Austrian 'Bank, and; the. sttid F., Brauer,'furnishod; '¡ with an impression of tho seal of'tho said buu":c, and ; attached 'to -bill No.' 10,327i that'the signature's 'bf i Messrs..Beaumont and Breuer appearing on'tho'said , bill aro.forgories.,; And.lastly,.by.comparing-the .' ufbrosaid hills with, the, blank, ,pnps in tho bill-book,. :which clearly showed 'that thóy oiré hot only identir ,i cally the same, but had been also cut out bf the said ; bill-book. ? ... i . '. ; ' '': i Then follows tho summing .up of the facts as to i the attempted escape of tho acqused from prison," : .and the ovidenco for the prosecution on that count , Acceding to what ia stated, when the accused waa in hospital for . medical treatment, in August, 1869, i he formed the idea of escaping by. {light from further prosecution. For this purpose ho made .uso.oí a i knife, which ho had obtained froui somo ono during. { a former stay at the-hospital, brid kept it'carefully, i With this knife ho cut out, during eight succès- J sivo nights, tho ;wood. of the, window .. sill i tb " which the iron window ,bars,.woro.,.fastened,', i and kept tho chips carefully. At last, tih. J;thp; i night of the 17th or' 18th August in tho. said year','. I when everything was reudy, ho placed ii 'bench that < was in his room upright against tho wull undbr the,' \ window, climbed on it, drew a bar out of the window,! i and then mado his oscope through tho opening thus i mudo, leaving behind the knife, and letting himself .. down by a rope fastened to tho nearest bar) which' i ropo hod been given to him at his, own request for ¡ hanging his clothes to dry.' Before getting down he' hid tho pulled out barunder his bed, und so arranged,, : his pillows that ut first sight it might be thought i thoro wus Bomo one in the bed. Having endeavoured to swim over the river behind the hospital, ho dived - under water on hearing humnn voices, and, after floating down the stream, ho landed and wont j towards tho city. Findinga Javanese sleeping in. his ? boat in tho great river, he awoko him, and bade him . row-towards the sea, and, having arrived in tho roada, ordered hi n to row the boat, to tho coast of mindura;:' When ho heard the boatman say, bn arriving nt a i certain campong, that ho wos not able i to bring him- to Sampnnjr, he (the nccusod) i ateppod ashore,1 poid . tho " boatman sis ¡ guilders, nnd afterwards went to Snmpang, on, a¡ : horse lent to him by tho head man pf tho cúcipong ; i from Sninpnug lm-renched Pamiikus'san nt length, on j a waggon furnished hinv bj tho Assistimt- Rcsident, ; having nothing else with hiir. thmi'tit'"BUIIIII blindies i containing his clothes und some pupers, úrid ,wholly: . without money. ' At the lnat-iiumed place .ho repaired to the. Resident, und asked him _ for some ' post-horses for ' Sumnnap, assorting, that he was. named Stono, and was captain .of marines,"oiijboard.' i tho United States ship Hartford) " Conimodpre- : Howard, which ship hud bbsri. taUin-r .popndinga between'Bali sind Kungeun Isluu j : he fiiitherin'oro asserted thut ho hnd-been1 charged ,to burry e ver des- . ' putches to Sourabnyu; und, now that bis mission had "boen fulfilled, wished to're'tnrn' on' board by.^vuy.of Sumannp : tho said lîosidoiit, pri' hcuririgj this, became suspicions;'and caused a contrôleur. t0"guide him to Sourabnyu, saying at the same. time, 'ttyit thé. ship could not bo reached from Sumnnap by.'priihus, after which he was again arrested at Suurabuya lind, brought hack to prison. '., '[ '[ ,'. ," '-"j \ -, , , Tho 'nccused . in his defence udmitlod the forging . and uttering of thq itforosuid. three bills, but.alleged thnt tho latter,''owing to the'niisdèscription of the Austrinn Minister of .Financés,''the spelling < of, tho nomo of tho firm Glynn and Co. with two .n's inatoad of one, and the improper wily of twiHnjr, ïftnksd' the logal critorla of bills ofexqhnii{ c.. The), court hell that. this dofoncp'wua groundless,-tua't tue mlle contained tho criteria required by law, that tho defects pointed out by the accused were not amongst those sot' forth in tho Commercial Code, and.ovon if it wero other-'. wise . it would, not prevent tho prosecution and con- demnation'bf .'any ono who, .iifter forging such Ailis, should knowingly' utter! them.. Tho court also denied . the truth'of an assertion .inude; hy tho accused that ' of tho two primes' laid ito. bis chargo, he- should" legally be punished for tho grayer one only. ; : .«:v. Tho Court: i thereupon .proceeded 1 to pass sontonco on him, but taking.into.cbnaideration tho full con-., fessipn ho, had-.mude, ;his. comparative youth'at thb".: time of the commission pt, the crimes, and the seduc- tions ho had been exposed'to during his vory^ event-' ful life, thought fit not to punish him.with tho utinoBt spyerity the;law would allow.: 'His séntencoj therefore was,--lat,' imprisonment for Bix years in tho House of Corrootion and tho.paymont of a fino of' 1000 francs, and confinement for five months in cuso tho fino bo not paid. 2ndly, six mont* i' imprison-'. ..mont,!'.to;bogin nt the expiratión of : tho foregoing, ' terms. Tho stamps, made usobf. by. him -for .'forging wer0,!-irdered, to bo destroyed. The High'Court of ¿ Jn«tice, jtn which the henlcnco wus reforred1 for l OVision, inciüuaud tho House, of .Coi-roction'Inrinvl ,1'rom six to ten years' but confirmed thc'romuiiidet-.,,. . .ANT ono who hos lain all night upon'a'shelf, withjan irresistible conviotion that, tho house was dancing a polka,, tb, the immediate dangof of pitohing him' cnn form mi idea of a first " night's rost " in the - berth bf an ocean steamer. ,, ..if ... ^ .-. ? . . -, ...>: .-- * 'l " s I flvGLISK VlSSElS ATTACKED IIV fBKXCH Mc -Yesterday week the English steamer Despat > running between Jersey and the French port i Granville, was prevented by an arñiod mob fr shipping nt tho latter place tho cargo of butl eggs, poultry, nnd other provisions, reivdy there embarkation. Tho authorities professed to bc una' to interfere, and tho vessel was compelled to Icc for Jersey without a single package of cargo. < her leaving the harbour sho was greoted with chei .bj" the i inmensa mob, who followed her down t ' piers.' A' vessel laden with grain, from Penzani was on the.same day the object of attack by t mob. . A cry was raised against her carrying co out'of tile country when it was so much needed. ' nnmber of thejmen went on board, and despite t efforts of the captain and crew-who, however, mai . but; a feeble resistance- did not desist till they . h( removed all the cargo oat of her. ...... PROCLAMATION OF PRESIDENT GRANT.-President Grant has issued the "following proclamation :. '*'Whereas certain evil-disposed, persons of the United States, at sundry times in sor vice, hai organized'bodies pretending to have^ power from tl Government, and have) set on foot military oxp'cd t ions'against the'powers of tho Dominion, at peal with tho:United States, and have collected mone; enlisted persons, and equipped 'vessels, or have bee so.employed. The President, therefore, proclain that all persons so engaged. will not receive ti Executive clemency to Bave them from' the coi sequences of their guilt."1 'The President enjoins a Government.: officers ,to make every effort', to orrei such offenders, and bring them to trial for.violatiu the laws, providing for tho performance, of sacre duties' towards friondly Powers. It is reported th« the President, before " issuing this proclnmatioi pardoned. nine leaders of the Fenian raiders o Canada. . , Ax AMERICAN* ON EKOLAVD.-A citizen o Brooklyn, L.I,,' -îîéw York, who has been on a visi .to England,has sent to the Brooklyn Eaglo a live!; account, of, the impressions made on him by London He .has .many faults, to find-tho streets areno straighti'the hdtola are not cheerful, you are charge! a p'erpléxing'multiplicity'of small items, thoro aro si many'servants to fee. ' Everywhere in London a foi ia. .expected by attendants ; ". you never know whei you'are through giving. lam not sure but thi Lord 'Mayor would accept a pour boire." Tin steamboats on the'rivor havo miserable cabins below and , no_. awning - on- tho deck ;; the" railway cars an divided into small compartments, and aro too low foi a- man to stand upright , in. Thus our : visiloi runs on for,a while; but he.soons turns to "tbi other ; side." Ho' ' . found a great deal in London . to ? admire,' ' and ho says so plainly.^ .."The financial centre of the world"' almost awed ,him: ',' grand, Urn, and solid, London sits Imperial'monarch'of this age of gold." He is charmed with " the: universal courtesy*, refinement, : and .politeness of tho people." Ho ''asked tho way, .and "was,, accompanied a block by.a .gentleman*" " I lost two articles in London, both wrpro returned to me. _ Eyon' thè little .'newsboys, say ' thanks," always give you the' correct change, wear shoes and stookings, ! and comb thoir ? hair. I wont into tho .delivery department ? of some .of the pnpers. Kot one such den of youngtigers as that in the lower part of tho Eagle'office at 4' p.m.,.can bo found in all London. 'Such ari exhibition would call out tho police and.-. compel you to employ i differ- ent agencies or,not .sell,- your papers.'' "Thero was not a vacant seat or aisle . stool in - tho six tiers df Drary-lane' Theatre) and yet during tho playi everything was''as ¿till as if at o morning church prayer, j Not! a-cough was heard or a.fun .fluttered.^ .It waB. quite.'.tho samo in Spurgeon'^ church, .whero yye'ro seated 7000 persons, and yot the cough was 'suppressed, the' feet, wera kept in place, tho dress was not rufEed.iand it was not difficult to hearifjn thsijremote! part of the building." Here is ono of the . thinga that fairly puzzled the visitor, " the ' shopmen, without :hositution, inform us that there is cotton in tho silk wo are purchasing, and the gold jewel is not solidi" Finally, ' our cousin doeB '. ual;the honour! ito say. that he has learnt to "have more.confidence, in his fellow-men, and must respect such'a people." . !,' .'' FATAI, AND DKS'TIÍÍÍCTIVE Boitin EXPLOSIOK IH LIVERI'DOL.-Shortly ' before 6 p'olock on Tuesday evening a terrible, boiler! explosion occurred at tho foundry of; Messrs.; Perry, Duke, and Co., Grcgson street, off Brunswick-road. At the tim,o of the acci- dent six-persons, including the partners'.and some relatives; together with ii boy, were at work.' . Ono of '.ithese: was,-killed upon thospot. ' ' All the othora wero more .or.lejs injurod, while fatal co'nBcquonces also ensued to an inmute,of an adjacent cottage.' AVhein tho day's work was" near its close, the boiler exploded- with a terrifié' hoisë,in a moment laying tho wholo works ini.ruins, and causing an enotmous destruction of property, in tho immediate neighbour- hood; Thor0[hud been nothing observable .through- out the .doy »-to nwttkeh any, ' suspicion',',pf tho hnsouhdnesp of -'thb " boiler, nnd tit present the cause, i of v iitho'Haccidoat . is: unknown. At the ,moment pf, tho explosion,i tho air,, for a considerable distanco above, tho tops of tho houses in 'Brunswick-road,' ' .was "filled with .brisks," pieces of timber,-iron, arid other debris, which foll in all directions, and simultaneously the croan of hundreds of squares of broken glass waa heard. . Immodiotoly at'tortvbrda a number pf policemen wore on tho spot, and aided by others, diligently clearing away tho rubbish in;search bf th<» injured. Tho iirat of-thi s» scent was a workman, who was attempting tb crawl through the front gate entrance to theyard, bleed- ing profusely from wounds pu his hoad. Robert Hayes, about, fourteen'years of nge, waa tilso.foiird insensible and covered with blood. Conveyances were provided, nnd the parties were sent nwny to the Royal, Infirmary, as - they- wore found,, but , the lad Hayes died , soon utter ho was ' admitted. The' next moat serious coses were those bf Mr. So h Duke, twenty years of ugo,' a hrotheriof ono of the partners; who had sustained a. fracture of the »kuli ; ' and bf, John Howe, a .-work- man, who, in addition to a fructured, skull, hud received a very extensivo scalp wound. Mr. J. "Wilson Duk'e.ifuthcr ofono of tho partners; who was injured in tho hoad, and, severely shaken, .was sent .tb his home,. Alder^sfreet,- Tpxteth-;park.,- Mr. Benjamin Duko iviis alab'Hoverely shaken, ijut, aa lar ns could be-usceVtiiiried; 'was' not seriously injured, arid ho went to Jiis homo;:whilat Mr. Henry "Parry, who was hurt upon hi», left arm und sustained some severo bruises, : .was .abh's . to proceed, to his' house, 3", Hamilton-road. ., Immediately (acing tho north wall bf the1 foúndary*yárd\\-wéré' two small houses, tho fronts'of which wero complélely blown -in. '. One of these, was tenanted- by.a Mrs.- Smedley, and immc diutely, after tho explosion cries for holp were heard provbeilirig therefrom. ¿V police officer entered, and beneath a shattered bod, in'."a room'sub-let to u family named Kettleburn,J found ii wbrriiih and ono child'in.un indescribable state of terror, whilo 'a girl; eighteen months, pld,,waa crushed benenth n lary'e stone), and u girl about six ycors pid.wns.lying by her side seriously iojurod; Tho inf nt wus liberated, but- ai few moment» afterwards it died from thb effects .of. its wounds, i Thero was scnrcely a i vestige of furni .ture,,in-; those houses which,,\yns. not broken into otoriis." Within n very largo tiren of tho foundry. ecaroe-a house waaieft without-some murks of .tho ' : terrillo force of tho explosion. An immeuao portion of the top of the bailor was thrown a great height into tho air, and curried upon tho roof of the house of ¡ Jurie: Bradyy il3,. Holford-streot, -which was smashed to-,, atoms, tho', .moss fa ling into thc front-bedroom, and, then penetrating through the flpbrand tho cëiling- into tho parlour below. "Tho front portion1 bf this houso1 ÍB a completo wreck, lind inuoh of the :pobr woman's: furniturb is broken'to pieces., i Fprtunately,,alf the family, wero in tho b?e!c premises and'escaped personal injury. Most of thc remainder of the coítages in Holtbrd-Btreét had their I windows blown-to'piecea'. ' The backs of tho houseV .in'Erunswick-road in-iihinediato:'proximity- to the scone of the oxplopion have: not ,n, .wholo square ¡of: glitss'left in .them., : .The .shop j fronts in ;Brunawick ro'tt'd'nriu Gr'egaoh-strcct also' sustained' considerable dntnage-. Tho following is a Hst of tHo names bf tho injured:--iBBnjamm:'Duke¡>pnUernihlllkar,, 1 üge'd 50)' married, ?Nb.-.,30,-.LeithrStreat; slight ? concussion. Gertrude Gill, four yparq of ago; 14, ,Grogson-8treot.j: coriciiBaibri bf tho* brain. ' ' John Scott)) moulder, . ng"éd'2i;' ëinglë;' 23,!)Beau-streot ; slight concussion. JohniHowoj aged a0,.Biuglo, 37, Buokingham-strcet ; scalp wound, and fractured aculL Seth Duke, boiler maker, aged 2»,t8tngle,. 30, Alder-street ;, fractured scull,und fractured colbar boric. Robert' Haynes, nged'l-l.-lGj'Athbl-bíreót; died at tho Infirmary.: IA. :gírl nniiied Kettloburn," nlioUt six years1 bf ugo, livinfj; .with ho-* porenlsv.at. S3,,ilolford-stroet ; .concussion:.' Another of .the.sauip, frtmilyj about,, ,a yea,*f,apdinino nibntnsbld,'was' b*(o'ugh^''iiitp tho IrjSitiui'ry, dend^ Oh'"" Thûradày'àn ' Inquest; - bli the 'bpdiL's ' bf. the i deceased vWasi oponed'before' Mr.1' Olorko^Aspíriall.'. Tho jury having:yiewed .tho bodiosian'd tho 'scene of iràfo-'teâpiktev^B »J'T*. ^°9,t,l-8,5-' Eriday. -Liverpool Albion'. ' "" '-: ' >.-, pC-tit i jj i UNION BKTWBEX IHISII PKESUXTZRIANS ANT» I, EPISCOVAI-IAXS -Tho Dublin Mail urges u union '{ between the Irish Presbyterian and Episcopalian n Protestants. It does not suggest terms, but remarks : ., -" A committee of honest, earnest mon would find r no ditliculty in arranging them ; and if tho Duko of 0 Abercorn were to repeat in tho Church Convention, B next week, tho pregnant words he spoke lost week 1 at Omagh, an armistice bft ween the parries wouid s to carried by acclamation-, and would, wo confidently 3 hope, be soon matured into a solid peace. That , result would be the true and satisfactory solution of 3 many questions which now agitate, and perplex tho i Church.'", , ¡,' . .,¡, t MzLMücudvi DEATHOF A NETTING KAM MAOIS > TRATE ANI> ins WIPE.-Last week . Mr. Alderman i Richard Birkin, of Apaloy-hall, Nottingham, ono of : the Midlapd Ballway directors, und four times mayor ; of Nottingham, died very' unexpectedly. It appears ! that' he' and Mrs: Birkin'were ' walking in Toton \- park,' Notts-, whon ho .waa stricken with apoplexy. \- Mrs. Birkin being alarmed, swooned and fell to the» ground insensible, in which condition thoy were ; afterwards , found and taken home. Mr. Birkin '. lingered until Saturday night, when ha died. His t wifo never appeared to recover from the shock, on Sunday unfavourable, symptoms set in,, and on Tuesday night 'sho also expired.-Liverpool Albion. FIOHTINO ¡tx STEAM -Tho gentleman whose name i <*. identified with Ja'very valuublo mode of prof ducing : Btoel-Mr. Honry Bessemer-has writton, suggesting a mode of making steam directly appli ' cabio for the¡purposeS)Of warfare, which, if sucpesnfu1, wi'tild supersede, to u great extent, tho mitraillo'tse. He proposes to apply tho principio of tho steam firo-engino to tho projection of . bullets. He calcu- lates that, with a pressure ofl5(Jlb. of steam,, loz. and 2oz. bullets might ho projected with an initial velocity of 1C00 or 1800 feet per second, at tho rat» of 2000 per minuto of the smaller, and 1000 per minute of tho largor missiles. : M. Bessemer pro- poses to submit details to the . War- oflico; butha seemes confident of tho practicability of combining tho bullet projector with tho traction' engine, and of so producing a wnrliko machine of most formid- able and deadly character. , ExT)t.\oiu>iNAKY SCANDAI..-On Pridny, at tier public-office, Birmingham, Mr. Ellis. made appli- cation to have an- order rescinded - granted by thom on the 10th: February, 1859, to Catherino Julia Warde, foe protection of her property, her husband, according. tn, her statement, having desertod her. Mr. Ellis stated thut at tho timo the order was obtained hor husband hnd not desertod her, but was looking for her'in London, whore they rosided. Her right name was Catherino Julia Ward, and not tho ono in which tho order had. been obtained. There waa considerable property to which her hus- band was entitled through her, but ho could not obtain it on account of the order. Criminal proceedings would be instituted at ' Greenwich against tho wifo for bigumy mid ndultery, as soon as the magistrntc.-t should loacinrt the order. Sho was living with a Colonel Robert Westmncott whon the odrer waa given, and had married a- Mr. Maitland sinco then, i She waa at presont residing in Liver- pool, where not ico had boen sorved to attend at the court that drty, Sho hud. written á letter in reply, acknowledging- tho bigamy. Tho present piooeod ings were instituted in consequence of tho discovery .of about 20Ü0 letters written by' the guilty p rties, and from which full information had boon obtained. Tho bench rescinded tho order. - Liverpool Albion. ' ' A girl nine years of ago, iiumnd Amelia Phethean, : daughter of a plumber ut Bolton, has died through being crushed betwoen a wall und a truck whioh sho . had been wheeling for nmusoment, but which over ' powered her in going down a declivity. 1 On tho 4lh of September, Thomas Lord, aged seventeen, of'Rochdale, was bitten by a cat. Tho . sore healed, hut lust week ho cut his hand aloso to .tho old wound, alarming symptoms sot in, and on -Monday evening he died iii great agony from hydro- phobia. ..Edward Pefiro, a fashionably-dressed'foroignor, has been committed for trial .nt tho Richmond petty sessions on charges of stooling an immense quantity of property, consisting of watches, jowollory, ' clothing, house linen, &c;, from bedrooms in hotels, and other houses in which ho hud engnged beda. . 'Moro torpedo experiments were mudo in the Mod way-j' on Tuesday, in the presenco of tho Duko of Cambridge, tho Secrotnry of Stale for War, &o.; A tremendous explosion was caused by* thb firing by electricity,of n iorpndo charged with 4321b weight of gun cotton. An immense volumo of water was tossed to ri great, hoight, and tho effects woro such that th» most' powerful iron-dud in tho navy would inevitably liuvo been destroyed hud it been within rungo. A vhnrge of 801b weight of gun cotton, fired against tho faco of a strong double stockade, carried uwuj- « considerable portion of its face. < Nowa hus'boen received of tho fpundoring of tho ?United Stute» steamer Galatea ut sea, on her voyngo from Port-au-Prince . to Boston.- An interesting narrative ia given of tho adventures bf tho crew, who, tindiriiî that the, leak which hud been sprung in tho hold WHS tbo largo .to hu counteracted by tho use of tho 'pumpa, abandoned th«* vessel in timo to seo her siulc »lern- foremost,-with'nil her saila sot. Ono cutter, in which a part of the crew escaped, was picked up after twenty-four hourn boating ubout in a heavy se«. 'J he second cutter, which was fully mun ned,-was loat sight of during tho night, and baa not yet beon hoard of. Henrietta and Juno Wheatley, uiothor and daughter, ' havo been committed to tnke their trial on a chargo of. stealing- about five , yards of silk, three pairs of gloves, onuohild's hat,,u yard aud a-hulf af'tartan ribbon, ot e> lint ornament, bile piece of felt ribbon, nncTa quantity of othor articles, tho proporty of Louisa Cowan, at New- castle, on tho SOth December. Tho daughter was in Sirs. Çowau's service as a milliner and dressmaker. The cnishiiigs at D. Wilson rmd Co 's machine havo lately yielded well, and have satisfied claim-holders. Several lots have' been crushed; nmonpst them forty tons for Trudgeon and party, which yioldod 214 ozs or ubout five ounces soven dwts to tho ton. M'Cudgoon and'party have also had a good crushing, their atone averaging three buncos threo dwts portón. The proprietors of the Come-lovo reef, at'-Bondnok, are on tho point of completing nu extensivo crushing of quartz, tho yield from whiah will in nil probability average 160 ounoes : of gold. This speak» woll for tho future ef these diggings. Everything as regards mining matters is beginning to assuma n cheerful aspect. The Homeward Bound;'after'remaining in statu quo for nearly two years'has recommenced working; James , Davis has now oomulotod his : contract un . renards tho proceedings at the United Tunnel.... Tho length of the tunnel ia OOO feet, so that if further' proceeded.. with, and theio is evory. .probability that suoh' will be tho case, (1 it will be,tho longest tunnel in any part of "Vlotoriiw It is a groat' undertaking for a place Uko this, nil tho work having been douo by tho share- holders., ... . '; , , .' . .;, : ' : On Tuesday, at the East Maitland police court, Alfred Carr was charged with stealing one gold watoh and chain, one gold ring, one gold brooch, and several other articles of jewellery, the property of Sarah Carr, his sister. From the evidence it seemed that about fourteen years since Alfred Carr, the father of the prisoner and prosecutrix, packed a quantity of jewel- lery, clothing, and silver plate in a box, which he securely fastened and placed in the custody of Mr. Wilton, of Newcastle, and afterwards went up the country to Round Island, Liverpool Plains. Some time later Mr. Wilton died, and tho box with its contents was sent to Mr. William Keene, of Newcastle, in whose possession lt remained till comparatively recently. About six months since, Alfred Carr the elder died, and on his death-bed gave the whole of the contents of the box to Sarah Carr, the prosecutrix. About two months after the father's death, the prisoner was coming to Newcastle, and he was instructed by the prosccutrix to call at the residence of Mr. Keene, obtain the box, and bring it home with him as it was. He broke it open, and appropriated the contents to himself. He was committed to take his trial ; bail being allowed ','WHAT ia the reason of .a blow leaving a bluo mark after it?", naked nu inquiring young gentleman.-" It's eiisilv accounted for," answered a medical student, '.' for you know that, blow, iu .thu perfect makes blow." . .WE havo artifiioal. teeth, rirtiüclal hair, oyos, calves, hips, "noses, and ártlfioiul .iiionility. Wo believe, thai some young ladies must 'wear artificial heads," ns wo rend of a young lady whoso V heud was turned" by a young .man., .' » \ . , ? i - . . . >*. i ' At* American contemporary says, lt . will, publish original poetry on tho samo ternis ns advertisements. Another paper says, " Wo have received a fow choies speclmens of the,same commodity, which wo should bo pleased to ilispoBO-, of in ,tho, same manner." And a third odds', "And.lfthO.Bupriry should not bo equal to tho demand, wo can furnish any qiimitity to wako uj) the dofloienoy." i - ,i i ? ! ? ' ¡'.AtYANKEE,,who carno'over-,to the,mother.country ' some1.time ligó, and.who was naked on going, baok ho\» ? I ho liked) Great Brimin--^" Wi-li,"- li-'- »aid, ' "'Enckiul I i-tvjiis a¡vcry nice oountry.ioxceedingly^fértíle,.well eultl ; I .Vated, very populous nud very weimby ;( but,"' said; tho I' Yankee1, I never liked' to'tali o a morning walk, after breakfast, because the country is so small that livras always.afraid bf walkingevct the edge.t*. ol J;'. L 