TWELVE HOURS' RIDE 1ST THE BUSH. Br a Cadet. On one of the tributaries of the Murray lies an immense tract of level country, composed of large treeless plains and dense box forests, in termingled with beautiful pine, myall, willow, and other trees. The country is all taken up by 'squatters,' who hold large Quantities of cattle and sheep, which, thrive exceedingly well in this richly-grassed portion of the continent. ; ; ? The immense quantities of kangaroos, emus, and other native animals that are to be seen grazing on the vast plains prove great pests to the squatters ; the former, when full grown, consuming; far more grass than sheep, and con-' sequently are hunted and destroyed in all direc tions, bat without causing any apparent decrease in their numbers. On a beautiful morning in December of 1870, the rising sun revealed a number of slab build ings, built closely together on the bank of the river. They are of various sizes and shapes ; and conspicuous among the rsst is the quaint looking old slab house, -with its ancient looking verandah, under the shelter of which hang saddles, bridles, stockwhips, hobbles, and various other articles indispensable in the bush. It is the Home Station ; and the conspicuous looking building is the house ; the other build ings are the men's huts, kitchen, stables, black smith's and carpenter's shop3, store, meat house, &c.; Four persons are standing under the veran dah, whom it will be necessary todescribe.. Stand ing with his back resting against the slab wall is an old grey-bearded man — this is Old Codger ; he is rather stout, and about the medium height ; near him is standing a tall man, wear ing a slouched Yankee hat, -under which is. to be seen, a very unprepossessing bloated fase — this is ' John Tippler,' Codger's overseer. The other two in the tproup consist 4-f Charley Browner and myself, who are getting colonial experience on Codger's run ; in fact ire are cadets. : Browner is from Grep.t Britain, from whence he came about a couple of years back to get an insight into squatting Ufa in Australia. He is a very smart young fellow, and is now thoroughly colonised. Many a wild gallop have we had together after cattle as wild as buffaloes, and many a wild hoiss have we helped each other so saddle and mount. Hundreds of times have we flown over the plains together after the ' wild kangaroo ;' and often have we sung ourselves to sleep while we coiled round the camp fire, rolled in our blankets, with our saddles for pillows. I am a little older than Browner, and have been brought up in Australia; my face is tanned with, the Australian sun, and I am taller than he is. . The men's hut stands about 80 yards from the house, and from it about a dozen men are wending their way in the direction, .of the kitchen, in answer to - the large bmakfast belt rung by. the cook to call them to breakfast. We are awaiting the arrival of a black boy, who had gone out as usual to yard the stock horses, whose approach .soon became known to us by hearing the loud report of his stockwhip ringing on the air, followed by the hoof strokes of the horses, which were now to be seen emerging from some adjoining timber, with ' Monkey' (the black. boy) following them at ; a sharp gallop. ? ????', In less than five minutes about fifty of the best stock horses on the river were plunging, neighing, aud capering about in the stockyards ' Now then, my lads,' said Tippler, ' put your saddles on your horses. Codger wants us to go .for a day's kangarooing, and 'we will see if we cau't send a few of them to glory.' ' Keller,' he said, addressing me, 'tell Charley and Pat to saddle their horses also, and comefwith us ; and tell Black Booleybuck to jump on Mad Boy and. come too.'. Pat, Charley, and Booleybuck were three of the knockabout men. 'The former a light-hearted' Hibernian, the next a steady youag German, and the latter a. blackfellow. . . ? . After a little trouble in helping the black fellow to mount Mad Boy, who was very wild, and difficult to mount, I let the dogs; out of the kennels and saddled -my favorite ahorse, SSagU hawk. While I was thus employed, Browner was seeing about getting a- pair of horses put into one of the. express waggons for Tippler, who w%s going to follow on wheels. ??-?.-. ? By 6 o'clock a.m. all was ready for the start, and we rode at a steady pace away from the station, followed by ten splendid kangaroo dogs and three stag hounds, Tippler keening about fifty yards behind in the express waggon. ~W& }ms4 ? nnh nrneeed«il ?? a.Viove half fi. lfiile beyond the home paddock when we saw about a dozen kangaroos about three hundred yards ahead, making away from us. We immediately called to the dogs aud started in pursuit, urging the dogs forward with shouts of encourage ment. After we had pursued, the game for about a mile I noticed three of the strongest dogs pushing their -way ahead of the rest,. and getting hear to a very large old man kangiroo, who had fallen behind his comrades. Jle managed, however, by making terrific 'bouada, to keep out of their reach for .several smiles, when the foremost dog seemed to be almost catching him. Shouts of 'Hold. him! hold him !' -rang on the air from all bands but Booleybuck, who was swearing violently at the biped for not allowing the dogs to catch him, and was crying out ' Haul 'em! h*ul 'em! haul de debblei'. at the sime time flogging his horse with his old tommyshanter. . Just at this juncture Mad Boy put one of his front legs into a wombat hole, and fell heavily, bringing the. blackfellovr to mother earth. Before he was up again, -the foremost dog had collared the,-' old mail,' And was jumping tit his throat, and impeding Ms progress, thus enabling the other dogs to catch and besiege him, A fierce struggle now ensued ; the kangaroo keeping on his legs, and backing up against a tree, fought .violently with ihe doge, trying to rip them, when they came -within his reach, and giving some of item, some very nasty cuts. X unfastened my stockwhip from in; iaadlej aaii/trdipg npjclbse to Mm^stracktihtf S3£oss ihe head with my whip jdaBJJed.niy ;ot'3ecTbeing^o'geF^im away from the tpee to givejfche d&gsT;»c^aicei»:puU.Miifa6tfn^ - aT/ : Ihad^io8ooner«truck:iiiaiihsn he^drew him eelf up'to'his full lieight,oand-im'aidela terrific bound at me. : : Browner c^led but '' By iJove ! he'a flnyoRf I turned my hpree sh&rply;'rouud, the movement i made, spoiling' his 'aim, he lauded onnlyhdrseV -quarter, and/alipped off, leaving a fewscra±cbe3 on my Jiag'e bide. - Be then bounded off to a deep creek a short dis tance off,- fighting with- the dogs all the way, and, plunging into the creek, made 'another -stand in ithe water,' and as each dog »mide at him he caught, them in Ms arms and ducked thein, sometimes ioldihg thfem under the Water £S if tryin(t$o.,iJrowu-them ; but 'ie ??- Wafe not allowed tp d.o so, because, when he had one dog under the water, another would swim oup and attack him, causing him to release'the one he had hold of, 'and commence to dock- his; new adversary. 'This ludicrous scene : had continued fpr a quarter of an hoar,- --when ire found tlat it wasgetting too hot for the dogs, who taid been swimming .xound- him,, and were getting ex hausted. Booleybuck, who had remounted lis horse,; and was none the worse for bis spill, was laughingheartilyfatithe-*.' big one lart,' as he tjermed it, when ^Tippler' said 'Who will swim in and* cook his goose.''.- ?' V ! '? :'Mecraekemcocoanut' said Boolebuck, dis counting aud. hobbling -fais horse. He then proceeded Ho cut a ? waddy; from a' tree,t;w'hicb was* the work of ;a tninute ; he then 'stripped, and swimming up behind t'he kangaroo that had been standing up to his neck in water during the skirmish, struck him a couple of sharp blows on the head, causing him to refel over and give up the ghost. The biackfellow then hauled tim out, when -wo found that he measured 10 feet two inches in length. Weliftedthis monster into, the waggon ior the -dog& The dogs had scarcely had time to get wind . and a drink, when two kangaroos came hopping leisurely out of a clump of timber a short dis tance off. Some of the dogs saw them and were off, the rest following in their w-tke ; we -scrambled to our saddles' and/followed. ^The kangaroos had now turned tail and retreated iato the timber. We soon reached the clump, but the dogjs had got 'a good start of us, and it was some time before we got in sight of them. However, we made a good race of i\ Browner on Jumbuck, myself on Eaglehawk, and the darkie on Mad Boy, keeping neck and neck for about half a mile, leaving the two nusa some distance behind. . There -was an inunda tion caused by recent floods now in our view. It was about 18 feet wide and about eeven feet deep ; it stretched out into the plain from the creek for about 600 yard*, and' to go round it from where we were would -hare taken us at least 400 yards out of our road, and con sequently spoil the hunt, as the kangaroos and the dogs had already crossed the obstacle. We steadied our horses and took them at it, Browner's horse and mine cleared it flyiDg ; Mad Boy baulked, and swerving nearly ran against Pat, who w;is just pushing his horse, Old Bob, up to the jump. Bob cleared it with out a refusal, and Booleybuck was pushing his horse at it again, when Charley came thun dering up ; both horses rose together. The Ger man's horse making too much of a task of it fell head over heels, shooting Charley several yards ahead of him, and jumping up, gallopped riderless away. By tbi§ time the dugs had pulled down the kangaroos within 20 yards off each other, and we soon despatched them with a few blows on the head with our stirrups. Booleybuck was now gallopping in pursuit of Scot tie, the horse that had fallen with the German. He was soon caught by the darkie, and led up to where we were. 'Where is Charley?' I said, addressing Booleybuck. 'Dis one think Charlsy dead,' was the reply. . ' Are you sure ?' said Browner. ' Mine think so ; him tumble jolly wollop.' ' Be jabers ye should niver thinks' cried Pat. 'I kin twig -his owld karkidge in motion, but sure he is crippling mighty bad. Be the mother uv Moses, he did come down though.' ' How did it happsn ''asked Browner. 'Is happen, ye say, Sur I ' said the irishman. ' faith and shure, Sur, his horse fill under him, at that little quare looking crake that us jumped over. 1 jist gat s tfe over niesilf, whin I heered Charley's 'will-known voice say, 'Shteady Schottie,' and faith I jist paped round in me saddle, and vat did I see but Booleybuck and Charlie's horse both jump together, and down went Schattie. - Charley made a doive in the air, and landed about t win ty fate in front of the horse.' Charley now came limping up, as if he had twenty pounds of lead fastened to his right leg. His face presented a strange ap pearance ; the skin was completely rubbed off his nose, several of his front teeth had dis appeared, one of his eyes was blackened, and his forehead was plastered with mud. 'Faith,' ejaculated the Irishman, 'ye are a nice spic tacle far yer oul-i mother to sot eyes upon, Charley ; ye are, be the powers.' ' Are you much hurt V asked Tippler, who had just driven up. '.Not moshs ; only mine leek and mine noshe is radder bainful.' ' ! ' Shure, V sail Pat, ' yes, could plact taty's on yer forelock, and one of yer papers is the ciller of a blue spud.' '?It vosh no yokeing madder ta huv a shpill like that vosh, Mishter Patrick. If you voah not grazy, you would shut up.' ?' Never mind, Charley,' said I; 'the skin will grow on your nose again.' ' Faith it would Hade to ; bis'ould mother won't know her darlint till it dees.' 'It would be a plesbiog if the skin was rupped off your dongue, and dan you would not dalk. so moshe voolery, put you are. hexqusible, ash yer lashfc master ' gracked yer head mit a shtick for shtealyng a pottle 'av vishky.' ' Narea word more uv yer blarney,' said Pat, a little ruined at this, disclosure. ' But in troth !' he continued, 'ye wouldbe a trissure to the Prussian army at prisint, if they made ye's Gineral, and pit ye's in frint, ye would frighten all their inimies away fram thim.' ' Don't make yerself a pigger vool den you are.'said the German angrily. Tils .dialogue was cut short by our riding to the creek, to allow the dogs and horses to drink. While at the creek the HibermUn was amusing himself by poking a stick into a hollow tree to see if there were;any oppossums in it. One rah past his hand, and to get out of his reach took up a position on a light bough. . I threw a stick and knocked it off its perch It was caught l-y the dogs befor* it reached the ground, and torn ; to pieces in an instant. ? We - now .started in search of more game, making towards: the river, in order that we might be able -to camp for dinner on tbje river. We rode about a mile through very thick timber without seeing any kangaroos. Six or seven, rwallabies were here killed by the ? c* O£S, . having been basking under the shade of the- trees, as the sun was sending out a pretty: strong heat. Presently up jumped a kangaroo, and off. he. went, dodging about in the timber, leading us thr#ugh some very thick scrub ; then into another clump.'of thick tim ber, -where we had a little jumping over some fallen trees and boughs that rwere laying about in all directions. The kangaroo was now making immense bounds towards ad adjoining plain. He was-Bow about a hundred yards in front of the dogg, they having lost ground in ths scrub, but were now gaining on. him again. ._ Away he went across the- plain in the direction of the river timber, keeping up a Juliing pace all the time. He appeared to-be making for a Urge bead that had. been fenced in for the. purpose of pafJdocking some choice ewes.- The fence was a stiff post and rail one, about five feet six incheB high^-a regular, rasper- — and; sure enough. Mr. Kangaroo was going Ito lead us over it, aad over it he did lead us, at the expense of a spill lo his kangarooship, . who fell head flver: heels, as ie landed, but was up and off a;ain. The dogs badgaiaod on him through his somersault, and were not forty yards from him when we took our horses at the fence. My horse struck -the tap rail and landed on his head. I landed on the'grass, but which part of me came down first I won't venture tosay.1 Browner «nd .the Ger man got over safe. ;15ob and Mad Boy baulkedi As -I scrambled to my horse, -which £ had no ttM holl^& my spillj Pat and Booleybuck jEeje^riding^at-t^J«aee^^«ttnresicb:iiririm*»Ti:y' cabling his Jioisespjne no£.vejy,.pp!ita.names for ftrtasiirgSftie Jumki?«rowatr'afia Charley weie^ Btill in pursuit, MM I following at a corisid*?-! able distance, my spill- having thrown me be-* bind. The kangiroo now began .to turn to the' left, finding thatrhe was hemmed in by the river, and he Trail 'ialprig t)ie bank in the Bhade of the river timber for'-Eome distance. While Sbie was going on the hlax&J;&lovr; had induced his' horse to try 'the jump,* having smashed the top rail in the atleiflp.t, followed ^y Pat; who rode' over' tHe* gag. f_ The gaine now made -a swerve, and-tieau6d- to warifo the' fence about three miles to the west of where we had jumped our horses into the paddock. Over he -went with the dogs scrambling through almost at bis . heels. 'Over!' shouted Browner as his horse1 rose in the air, and' cleared the fence, folloyred : by the German atid^mysslf, with the biackfellow close behin 1, and then Bob came up wiih .The Hibernian. This time he jumped, and striking heavily brought ihunself and his rider to grass, and jumping up talioped after us, leaving Pat where he felt The feahgaroo being now closely pushed by the dogs, -wisjiimpnig from one side to the other to evade then»j- feut in vain, is lie was' soon caught and killed,' ? ' ' .;': 'Booleybuck now proceeded. Wcjttt some, steaks from the' piest'raTte kanghroo ' for our' repast^ while the rest of us returned to see what in uries the Iri-hman had sustained, who' was ying insensible on the .grass. I lifted him,np by the arms into 'a sitting posture, when bided ?was seen to be coming 'from his mouth, which we afterwards discovered wa3 caused by one of his teeth having perforated : his tongue., Tip-; pier now came up and produced his spirit flask, some of the contents of which, we poured i^to Pat's mouth, the taste of the *' craythur' causing him to open bi? eyes and regain con sciousneE?. He had only been stunned by the fall, and after the application of some Scold water to his head recovered completely. -Old Bob was soon caught, and we started eft md&sR; for the river. Here we lighted a fire, boiled our quart pots, roasted some kangaroo meat on the coals, and having a large damper in: the waggon made a hearty meal; after which, we stretched ourselves out round the fire ;and rested for a couple of: hours, while our horses. were feeding on the rich grass on the bank of the river, and the dogs were making a meal of the old -man kangaroo that was brought in, the waggon. An amusing dialogue now commenced between Charley and Pat : — 'Veil, Mishter Pat, you were -yolly. yell buniehed vur making van uv mine shpill ; umph ! You didn't get your Eoshe hurt, put you got a hole bunched in your dongue as. pig. as your eye, by shorge, -und no mishtake !' 'Faith!' said Pat, 'that aint much, cos nare a person can see me tongue while it. is behint me teath, so it ain't spiled me.beauty, but that nose of yoarn is a f oine soight ; sure ye can't hoide that at all, without ye toy the tail of your shirt round it.' i ' You vest shut uj yer blarney, Paddy : you are von vool or von of ole neek's imp». I really tank yon. mosht av -crawled out ov de lower regions.' ? . . . After this speech we 'made a move to our horses, and after having saddled them, made another start. We were soon in full swing after a large mob of kangaroos, -which we followed for tbiee or four miles, crossing a swamp where the unfortunate Hibernian got bogged and came out in a very muddy state, minus his boots and h*t. We had to .abandon this lot at last, they having got into an almost impassable pine forest; so we called back the dogs,~and made a move towards the home station, as it was now about 3 o'clock p.m., and wo were aboifc 20 miles from the station, where we arrived at about 6 o'clock in the evening, with dog3 and horses pretty well knocked, up, after having been out for just 12 hours. HAREY KELLER. 