GHOST STORY. THE BEOTKEES. Not far from Genera, there stands a fine old chateau, long ia the occupation of a strange, morose, misanthropic man, who mixed in no society, though, at the same time, he appeared to derive little pleasure from the exquisite gardens and other amenities with which, with a most lavish hand, his beautifully situated mansion had been surrounded. It was at length offered for sale, and, much to the surprise of those who knew its value, passed—at a very moderate price—into the hands of a jeweller, well known to many an English tourit, resident in Genera. Delighted at his bargain, Monsieur G-. lost no time in making eveiy arrangement for adapting the chateau to the taste of Bome " milord Anglais," who was certain to covet so lovely a spot for his summer residence. He was right in his anticipation. A gentleman, with his wife and two daughters, soon established themselves at Belle D., taking the place not for the summer only, but by the year. A few weeks elapsed, and they had begun to feel themselves at home in their pleasant dwelling, when, one evening, Mr. M, while reading aloud to his family, encountered a difficult phrase, which it was necessary to elucidate by means of the dictionair, and the younger sister, Emily, hastened to the library to procure that work. She was gone rather longer than was expected, and, when she did return, looked so pale and agitated, that her mother anxiously inquired the cause. "Well," was the reply, "I have had a sort of adventure; but my ghost (for I hare certainly seen one) was by no means terrible, and I don't know why I should feel so flurried. It was a very handsome young man!" Pressed for details, the young lady related that she had seen nothing in her way to the library, but that on her return, just a« she was descending the first step of the stair, she heard a noise behind her, and, looking round, observed a young and handsome man in a naval uniform. He looked eadly at her for some seconds, during which she never remored her eyes from his face, pointed with his finger to the side of the corridor, and vanished, as it were into the wall! This story was received, as the majority of such are destined to be, w ith some incredulify. Nevertheless, so much impressed was Mr. M. with what he had heard, that, when their daughters had retired, he and his wife re-discussed the matter, and came to the resolution that Mr. M should visit the "haunted" corridor about the same hour, and see if any similar appearance would be vouchsafed to him. Accordingly, on the following evening, he mounted guard, and walked to and fro for a considerable time without result. Tired at last of his vigil, he was wheeling round to commence what he had resolved should be his last turn, when he almost ran into the arms of a young naval officer, precisely answering the description given by his daughter. The figure pointed to the wall, and, before Mr. M. had fully regained his self-possession, disappeared. Mr, M.'s countenance, oa entering the drawing-room, sufficiently denoted that his search had been successful, but he declined to say what he had actually seen, and requested his family, for the present, to control their curiosity. Early next morning he proceeded to Geneva, and called upon his landlord. " I have come, sir," he Baid, " to ask your permission to remove a portion of the wall in the corridor of the chateau." And, finding the proprietor hesitate, he at once related the double apparition, adding that, unless his proposal were complied with, he must decline to continue a tenant of the mansion. The landlord shrugged his shoulders, extended his palms, and, deciding within himself fhat this was but a new example of that English eccentricity which it is equally impossible to comprehend and remst, gave the permission required. Some masons being sent for, the work at once began. As it proceeded, Mr. M. was much struck by the singular manner of the master-mason, who, having first discouraged the idea of disturbing the wall at all, threw eveiy imaginable obstacle in the way, and subsequently, when his men had actually set to work, watched their proceedings with a fixed stare, and a face gradually becoming deadly pale. An hour, however, elapsed before any discoveries were made. But at the end of that time there were turned forth to the light the upright skeleton of v man, which, as the wall was removed, fell toppling forward among the workers. At this - sight the master-mason reeled, and sunk upon the floor in a swoon. Restoratives were administered, and the man was conveyed to Mr. M.'s study, where the latter, as soon as he was sufficiently recovered, questioned him as .to the agitation he had displayed, hinting that, in the event of his not relating all he had previously known concerning the bricking- up the body, the gravest suspicions might attach to his own share in the business. Under the influence of such arguments, the TP aT ? related, in a confused and agitated manner, the circumstance here given in a more connected form. A former possessor of the chateau— Monsieur Fremont—resided there with . Jus wife. They had no children: " "One day Monsieur F. received a com-, munication from the cure of a neighboring parish to the effect that his (Monsieur F.'s) brother hftd died suddenly, and that in his last moments he had expressed an earnest hope that his brother would assume the charge of his two sone. A reply was forwarded, requesting that tie boys might immediately repair to their uncle's house. In due course they arrived. The elder was a fine handsome youth, with frank, engaging manners; the younger, though handsome also, was reserved and unsociable, and the regards of the whole household were quickly centred in the former, whose gaiety soon dissipated the gloom of the chateau. The younger brother, Francois, saw, with concealed jealousy, the decided preference felt by his uncle and aunt for his elder; nor was this sentiment likely to have been lessened by a feet that, before they had resided a year at the chateau, had by some means come to his knowledge—viz. that the whole of the property had been left to his brother, with the exception of a sum just sufficient to start him (Francois) in any profession he might select in which to earn his bread. To the great regret of Monsieur and Madame Fremont, Cecile, the elder, conceived a passion for the nava! service, and, carrying his point, quitted the chateau, taking with him all the light and mirth it contained. At first his letters were frequent, teeming with affection and merriment; then, long intervals of silence would excite the apprehensions of his loving friends. The second winter after his departure was unusually severe, and the health of the old peeple began to fail. One sad moriug, Francois, entering with a countenance of assumed grief, communicated the heartrecdring tidings, received,he said, through a shipmate of his brother's, that Cecile had died at sea. Already weakened by illness, the shock was too much for the kind old people. Madame Fremont died within a few weeks; and before the close of the year her husband rejoined her in the grave, having previously settled all he possessed upon his surviving nephew. The latter, now at the height of his ambition, lorded it grandly over his dependents; and profound was the regret that the kind, mirthful Cecile had not lived to occupy the master's position. One evening Erangois was sitting alone, moody and out of sorts, sipping his solitary wine, when he was startled by a voice speaking without the window, which looked upon the garden. Advancing with caution, Frangois demanded whs was there. " It is I, Francois !" replied a voice that blanched the hearer's cheek; but, with trembling hands, he opened the window, and his brother, radiant with health and happiness, bounded into the room. He had intended a surprise for his relations, of whom (Frangois having intercepted the correspondence on both sides) he had not heard for many months. In one instant Frangois comprehended his position, and took his resolution. To his brother's eager inquiries, hejanswered that their uncle and aunt, not being quite well, had dined upstairs, whither, after Cecile had refreshed himself, they would presently proceed. Contriving, while Cecile was divesting himself of hiis overcoat, to secure the door, Frangois returned to his brother, and, affecting the greatest joy at his arrival, encouraged him to drink and talk until, wearied with excitement and his journey, the latter sunk into a temporary doze. It should be mentioned that, at this time, some confusion reigned at the chateau, on account of alterations that were making in the house, and which necessitated the removal of a portion of the wall of the corridor. During this operation, most of the domestics were quartered in an outbuilding, some distance off. Ifo human eye witnessed the manner in which this true descendant of him that did the first murder completed what was in his mind. He presently quitted the room, locking the door, and desiring that he might be disturbed no more that night. When all was still, he crept forth and made his way to the lodging of the master-mason. What passed between them was never exactly known, but, on the following morning, the mason, assisted by his tempter, contrived to wall up the remains of the victim, where they were subsequently discovered. Tormented by remorse, the form of his brother ever before him, the wretched criminal at leugth dismissed his household, sold the chateau, and proceeded to Paris, hoping in that liviely city to drown the remembrance of his flagrant guilt. But vengeance "suffered him not to live." A quarrel with the Comte de C. in a gaming-house led to a meeting next day In the Bois de Boulogne, in which Frangois was killed. Singularly enough, among his papers was found a confession of the murder, though bearing his assumed name. The remains of poor Cecile was decently interred in the cemetery at Geneva. The M. family continued their residence at Belle D., and certainly, up to the time when I (the narrator) made their acquaintance, nothing extraordinary had ever again disturbed their tranquility. —All the Year Mound. 