WESLEYAN TEA.MEETING, TARALGA. ONre Tuesday, the 21st instant, a public tea- meeting was held in a large marquee adjoining the Wealeyan churbch, Taralga, for the purpose of raising funds wherewith to pay the interest of the balance of debt upon that edioofice. The attendance was not so largo as might have beeoon expected. The tea, which was provided by the ladies of the congregation, was ox cellent, nod amplejustice was done to the viands. After tea, a publi meeooting took place in the chapel. The proceedings having been opened devo. tiooolly, The Rev. W. H. George of Braidwood (in the abence of the minister of the circuit, the Rev. T. R. Mo Michael) moved that J. Whiting, Esq., J.P., should take the chair. They wanted a chairman who could speak well, rule well, and give well; and he was sure that Mr. Whiting possessed all those good qualities. The Rev. J. Cameron seconded the motion, and expressed a hope that Mr. Whiting would in pre siding exhibit similar liveliness on the present occa sion to what he had recently displayed whilst dis-. charging the duties of chairman at a tea-meeting at Crookwoll. Mr. Whiting, in taking the chair, acknowledged the honour that had boon thus conferred upon him; and after a few but appropriate remarks, called upon Mr. Edward Deaning to make a financial statement stent the church debt. Mr. Denning thereupon made such slatement, from wh ch it appeared that the sum of £12 was im mediately required to meet the interest on the re meerning debt on the chureh, which amount, he hoped, would be raised at the mooting, it being abtolutely necessary that the interest should be speedily paid. The 1eov. J. Cameron, at the request of the chair. moa, then addressed the meeting at some length. He dwelt emphatically upon the necessity of con tibutiag liberally to the cause of God, and urged the assemblage to cle?r off the interest claim or .the meeting dispersed. The \Vesloyans were indeed liberal givers; but oven the most generous Chrie tians needed to be occasionally reminded of their religious duties, and especielly the duty of support ing the public moans ol grace. He iwes glad to learn from the pubistihed report of the proceedines of the tate Weelny?a district mooting at Goulburn that the sum of £15 had boon voted for the Tarlrnga church ; and he was alsomuch pleased with the high spiritual tone which charucteriscd those proceedings. The ministers who spoke on that occasior, did not appear to him to have wasted much of their time in dis. cussing dry ecolesiastical matters-a concern for the furtherance of Christ's cause and tho'ingathering of souls to His blessed kingdom being appar entlly their main theme. The speaker then adverted to the evil effeoot of seate-aid in the churches of England and Scotland in this colony, and rejoiced in the prospect of its being in a few years hence completely done away with. State-aid in itself was not unscriptural, but it had besn so greatly abused us to have materially im peled the progress of true religion. It was instru mntalin iniroducing into the stato.paid churches men of little ability, little energy, and little concern whether souls wore saved or not, and who could deny but that was an evil of no small magnitude P Such a ministry never gained the affoections of the people, wheroes an earnest, energetic, loving, and prayerful ministry did. " Let me," said good Spurgeon on one occasion in Exoeter Hall, "havoe the people, and espocially the religious people on my side, and I can accomplish almost any amount of work in the Lord's vineyard." State-aid made many of the professing Christians of this colony very illiberal, and it would take some time to bring them to a proper sense of their duty as regarded the duo maintenance of religious ordinances. Never was any one a loser by contributing liberally to. God's cause, but many suffered from iursuing a contrary policy. What was needed in order to give as God had prospered people was a baptism of the Holy Ghost, and if they were thus visited their hearts would be opontaneonely opened, and hoarded up wealth would be freely parted with, as was the case after the Pentecostal visit of the Spirit. Mr. J. Whiting junior (Crookwell) next spokeo in his usual eloquent and pertinent strain. During the.pst two years the sum of £700 had been raised in the Crookwelland Taralgacircuit, and takinginto consideration that the Wesloyans in the district were not either very numerous or at all wealthy, it could not be denied that they gave liberally. The bal ance of debt on the Taralga church was to be viewed as an incubus of which it would be well to get rid, for whilst it remained in the position in which it was at present matters would not go on so agreeably as could he wished. Mluch of the responsibility of this debt rested upon their friend Mr. Edward Donning, who might be said to have " borne the burden and the heat" of the affair. He (Mr. Denning) was often called upon to sign bills for the debt, as well as to do many other things in connection with the church; and it was only fair that others should now be called upon to share the responsibility. The Rev. W. H. Georgo then delivered an oxcol lent address. He congratulated not only the moot ing, but also the VWesleyan connexion at large upon the progress that had boon made by the connexion at Tnramlg and other parts of the circuit since he had Inft the district seoveral years ago. Orookwell and Tlralga were then appendages of the Goulburn cir cuni, but now they wore a circuit of themselves. He rejoiced to find that much good had been done in the circuit- that not only had churches been multiplied, but that souls had been consecrated to God. Method ism, as had been once remarked by one of its de voted ministers, raised no monuments unless it could point to souls saved through its inotrumontality. This was the grand work of Methodism, and the Lord was blessing its labours. He was a Methodist because he believed the lMethodist church was the best for him; but he was not such a Methodist as to ignore any good that might be effected in other Christian churches. If the Church of England or the Presbyterian church prospered in spiritual mat tore, he sincerely rejoiced and wished the work God speed. He was struck with the neatness of the Taralga church, which was, unquestionably, the best finished edifice out of Goulb,,rn. Great praise was due to the eesloyans of the locality for erecting such a building, and be hoped many would be confl dently able to point to it hereafter as the birthplaceo of thi ir souls. In conclusion, he expressed a hope that the sum they was called upon to make up would be contributed ere the meeting separated. As the sale of the tea tickets had realised £6 10s., the dell oiency (£6 10s) could, he thought, be easily raised. A collection was then made, and before the pro oeedings terminated it was announced by the circuit steward that the rouirnd ma,--" "'. . . -..o..?,uatrman intimated that a bruce auction in aid of the churoh debt would be held in February next. Votes of thanks were respectively accorded to the ladies, the chairman, and Mr. Camoron. The meeting was closed by singing .the doxology and pronouncing the benediction. * Syral of thJjnior eaudlddte' fom the Ooulburn Pub. 11 Scbool, both amoong tho theoo gfo'ul and tho unsucoossful, were betweon elcato and tworvjAn of ago. 