[?] i Had a thunderbolt hurled itself into the midst of the excited crowd that thronged. Goyder's sporfcing lounge on Saturday last, it could not have created greater consternation than did the intelligence of Hamlet's defeat for "the A.J.O. Derby. Never was horee made so great an idol, and never was idol surrounded by L so many worshippers. So great a, certainty 'was it reckoned, that some of his infatuated followers declared he. would win by a Hundred yards ; while others were altogether deprived of their reason, and were asses enough — they really must excuse me for my bluhtness— to lay no less than 10 to I on the great Maribyrnong colt, a proceed ing that certainly entitles those who so liberally dispensed these odds to be considered fit can didates for the Yarra Bend/ As in all cases when j a great public favourite suffers defeat, various | causes were assigned for the overthrow of Hamlet, some arguing that he suffered from, and waB a victim to that dire disease, metallic fever; others roundly insinuating that he had been got at; and too much work of a slow laborious Character is spoken of ; while another, and what appears to me to be a more feasible reason was adduced for j the favourite's defeat, in the fact of the Colt being I trained between two cripples like Lady Ciifden j and Beatrice, a couple of fillies that were lame before fever they left foir Sydney, as a reference to my Park training notes will testify. However, ao it was generally believed that, nearly everything | in the race, was either too slow or not fit enough, j it was the prevalent impression that Hamlet was j so good that, even half fit, he would have no J trouble in landing himself an easy victor. How the hopes of his thousands of admirers have been scattered to the winds has been recorded in the J daily papers ; and it should prove a lessen to those rash and impetuous speculators, who,: on the j strength of "tips" from the stable and newspaper 1 touts, who never take the trouble to inspect the j horses narrowly after pulling tip, and content J themselves with what they hear from other folks, plunge on to the moral certainty with j a recklessness that savours somewhat of a species of madness.' I am heartily sorry that I was not at Band wick myself, because j I believe that I would have "found out " Javelin ; I and if, as is now stated by those who beforehand I pronounced Hamlet's defeat a matter of impossi- j bility, the Victorian colt had but one gallop, and I that only at three-quarter speed, while he was at J Bandwick, I should most decidedly have ' looked " I elsewhere for the winner. If it be true that his | j work consisted of a series of ladies' canters, how. j j is it that all our Victorian luminaries " went ,r for ; j him as if he held the " four aces ?" Where were I their eyes? Certainly The Weekly Tiriies cor res- j j pondent told us " hot to be alarmed when he said I that Hamlet was not the moral certainty his I friends imagined," and he sent Javelin for second j place/though unfortunately in transcribing the telegram, which was forwarded in figures and colours, a mistake was made, and j " Aveline," who was sent as a likely absentee, appeared in the place of "Javelin." How ever, it is of no use crying over spilt milk ; j and I trust that I shall be enabled to visit Band- I wick myself when the next meeting approaches. J Notwithstanding Hamlet's defeat, I am still j strongly of opinion that the best colt in Australia occunied the third nosition instead of the first : and to whatever causes his defeat may be attribu ted, I feel satisfied that if it were possible to make him as fit, Bay as Mermaid was in the Sydney Cup, all the Prophets andJ avelir.s in Australia would have to be content with a view of his tail; but unfortunately most of our trainers do not possess the happy knack of turning them out like we see Mermaid, Bambler, Nimblefoot, and other horses at times. It is gratifying to find that the gentle man who owns the winner, Jave'.in, belongs to the popular Lee family, and as we have had to suffer defeat, its bitterness is somewhat sweetened by the reflection that we_hayeJ>een_ overthrown by a genuine sportsman, who races for the sake of the sport itself, and who in his day has bred more than one good horse. Javelin is a son of Yattendon, who is a son of the colonial Sir Her cules, and the blood that so distinguished itself when The Barb and others of the family were sweeping the board, promises to run on as in days of yore. Unfortunately neither Javelin, nor The Prophet is in the V.B.C. Derby, so that the ques tion- of supremacy with 8st 101b each up will remain a matter of doubt in my mind until Ham let meets them in the AJ.C. St. Leger. The I defeat of Hamlet, however, will give increased J confidence to those owners of three-year-olds who imagined that he was invincible, and in all proba bility we shall now have a respectable field strip for the Y.B.C. Derby, for which I expect to see Ham let, The Gem, Irish King, Retort, YVildbriar, Fairy, Woodbine, J.L., Blue Gown, and probably one of Mr. Bowler's put in an appearance ; and as Hamlet does not meet the two that beat hyn in the A J.C. Derby, he will doubtless again be en- I trusted with the confidence of the public, whose gullibility is something wonderful. " Put not your trust in Princes !" and until Hamlet appears on the ecratch don't touch him, for I have a dark one in my eye that may be worth investing on in preference, and you may depend upon it that if I see Hamlet doing nothing but " slow laborious work," such as be did at Bandwicb and I know of . another that is performing " like a bird," I shall go for the latter, despite the trnmpet-sounding of all the mighty phalanx which belongs tp the house of Denmark ; never theless, if Hamlet be himself, and undergoes a proper preparation, it will be the proverbial guinea to a gooseberry on him. The defeat of Hamlet was not tkesooly sensational item of news flashed, by the telegraphic wires on Saturday last ; for Whalebone, who was a . tremendous favourite Tor the Trial Stakes, was overthrown by Mr. Winch's Jack Sprat, whose name cu riously enough did pot , appear in the list given by the " leading sporting journal," the only paper that published the programme, whereby many people who follow -Mr. Winch's colours and who would in all probability have put a sovereign on the winner, were deprived of any chance of doing so, believing, as they did, ;chat no such horse was in I the race. Whalebone's defeat is put down to a j collision with a post. . The President's Handicap j fell to Stockwell, a horse that was freely backed in the, doubles, apd Aveline's victory over Pyrrhus J in the Spring Stages was not a surprise, as it was j known that she Bad . been reserved for this par ticular race ; but the success of Captain Cook in j the Epsom Handicap not only deprived backers j of their breath, but npeet all the doubles, most of I which had been taken with Sir William. I think j this is the Captain's first win ; but the time given — lmin. 40see. — I beg leave to be sceptical about. It has since been discovered that the correct time was lmin. 48sec. If the intelligence of Hamlet's defeat fell with the force of a thunderbolt upon the public, what must have been the effect of the — WTfTPyT" '.A J l II t M » _ It j news Of the overthrow of Warrior, Arij> an The Pearl, Hamlet, etc. Few that had digestea the Hawkesbury rubning, imagined- that Bose u J was to do the trick at last, -especially as she Aruma had a dozen lengths the best of the s r j in the Hawkesbury Handicap, and Bosebua n j troubled the winner. Either she must have e J " out for an hiring " at the country meeting, or she has zhade most extraordinary improvement since Aruma bowled her overeat Hawfcesoury. J I was very sanguine about The Pearl, yet he on y managed to get second, while Warrior, w o I awarded second place, : was fourth; there ore consider I have not made a bad commencement, especially as I advised my friends to stand. 1 e Pearl both to win and for a place. Hamlet 1 never could stand to win this race for several reasons, and though he ran more than respectably for so young a three-year-old, I do not think he- is in the Melbourne Oup, while my selections— , Mermaid, Bomula, Amethyst, Lapdog, and Pyrrhus — remain all right, to say nothing of Little Dick and Glencoe if they come to the post. '.The correspondents who were " specially deB- ! patched from Melbourne to forward the correct K tips," were ail astray, and hardly a winner was named by them. One gave Hamlet first, Warrior second, and Aruma third; another Aruma first, Warrior second; and Hamlet third, and only managed to name the winner as one of those- likely to run close up, not a difficult thing to do- in a field of a dozen horses. By the defeat of the favourites, the public have been hit very heavily, The principal winners in the ring being Me.srs. Joe Thompson, Woolier, and Wallis, all of whom have landed a good Bfcake, having backed the winner soon after the weights came out. Bosebud is by Sir Hercules: so that here, again, the good old blood crops up once more in a big race, and the New Warrior strain was ably repre sented by The Pearl, Sir Hercules s other daughter Barbelle gaining third honours. Mr. Andrew Town has not won many big races since old Tarragon left the fcnrf, and it 'does one good to see three sportsmen like Messrs. Town, -Taifc, and Lee running first, second, and third. The I victory of this mare makes Mermaid a perfect wonder, as the latter gave Bosebud no less than 271b in the Bandwick Handicap, and beat her by half a length ; and Mr. Wilson was so impressed with the performance of Bosebud, that when the weights came out he immediately spotted her, and selected her in doubles with his own horses for the Melbourne Cup. She is not in the Mel bourne Cup, but both The Pearl and Barbelle are, I the. former on 3lb, and the latter 41b better terms than in the Metropolitan. The V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes has not filled so well as it should have done, and I miss the names of Panic, Horror, Croagh Patrick, Snowdon, Vagabond, The Peer, and one or two others whose names should have appeared in the list. Of those that are published The Marquis takes precedence, and there can be no two opinions respecting his qualities as a racehorse, and his qualifications as a stud hero. By the introduction of this great horse, the Messrs. Dakin have rendered Australian breeders a service only surpassed by tbe Messrs. Fisher when they imported the valuable blood stock that now luxuriates at Maribyrnong and Woodstock. I know of no horse imported that ever displayed so many good points as The Marquis. Hypercritical judges take exception to the smallness of his arms and the want of bone below the knee, forgetting to observe that a better set of legs never were placed upon a racehorse ; the arms being thick through, and the ligaments resembling piano-wire. For real good hard work the legs possessed by The Marquis are equal to anything ever seen in the colony ; and thongh not so big and puffy as many that have come before him, are as clean and sound as the day when he was foaled, notwith- | standing the tremendous preparations he under went for his two-year-old engagements, the Two Thousand, the Derby, and the St. Leger. Those who know what John Scott's Derby and Leger preparations are will feel satisfied that a horse that could withstand them success fully must possess legs of iron, and a constitution equally strong. In addition to the legs of steel, and the unblemished constitution possessed by The Marquis, look at tbe character of his blood : a eon of Stockwell, from a daughter of the grand old giant of the " Stud Book," Touchstone ! His dam, Cinizelli's dam, Brocade, is a daughter of another horse whose name is a. household word with breeding students, the Pantaloon strain being especially prized by those who have made breeding a Btudy, and reduced it as nearly as possible te a science. Stockwell, as everybody conversant with stud matters is aware, has rendered himself famous as 1 the king of kings amongst English stallions ; and his grandchildren Florence, Hamlet, The Boe, j Beatrice, and Irish King have already extended the fame of the Hooton chesnut to Australia, where all of those I have named have proved winners in good company. By The Baron, who was by Irish Birdcatcher, a boh of Sir Hercules, is Stockwell's pedigree on the sire's side, and Pocahontas, the queen of all brood mares, was his dam. Need I say more? With such mares as Gildermire, Bose de Florence, Art Union, Seagull; Nathalie, and, in fact, anything with Fisherman or Bay Middleton blood in its veins, The Marquis is almost certain to " nick" admirably, and I am glad that Mr. Petty has determined to put the five mares I have named above to him. | The produce from Gildermire and Bose de ( Florence (more especially the latter) I look for ward to with anxious expectancy, believing tbat the combination of blood brought about by such union will prove the happiest of all "nicks." A perusal of the pedigrees of the two animals will show that the produce will he close! v in-bred in that manner which is now recognised by all en- : lightened breeders as the orthodox cross — -the j cross which is more likely than another to lead to successful results. The Marquis's granddsm, Po cahontas, is by Glencoe, who was a son of Sultan ; her dam Marpessa is also the dam of Boarding School Miss (who is the dam of Bose de Florence); while The Flying Dutchman (Bose.de Florence's sire) is a son of Bay Middleton, who himself, like Glencoe, is a son of Sultan, so that there is a deal of that in-breeding which breeders of intelligence delight to observe inapedigree, seeing that we should have the names of Marpessa and Sultan figuring conspicuously on both sides of the pedigree of anything that might be produced by The Marquis and Bose de Florence. The latter's daughter Nathalie too, will be correctly mated with Stock- well's great son, as we shall thereby obtain the double Birdcatcher cross through Warlock (his son), and through Stockwell (bis grandson) in addition to those grand strains of blood already mentioned. A son of Ace of Clubs and Bosede Florence realised 900 guineas at Mr. Petty'e sale last January ; and if size, quality, and grand development throughout go for anything, "f.h! ma of Firework, and the Bame-mare ahould, it tHe- nSTi&Kr; «Sa"Kpm"99r|!ainea JW8T by Mr. Joseph Thompson for King of the Ring ; and a son of hereby the Marquis would, in all pro bability, reach the . four figures, for, even " he never raced a yard, his breeding would entitle him to rank'in the first class as a stud horse. Many ; of our colonial- bred mares too by The Premier, or Warhawk, should suit Mr. Dakin's horse, who, oe it remembered, is the only Stockwell stallion in Victoria. Next on the list to The Marquis I find Talk-o'-th'-HilJ, a peacocky, washy, bad-legged son of .Wild Dayrell and Ayaconora, the latter one of the best-bred mareB in the English Stud Bosk. When I first saw Talk-o'-the-Hill, he struck me as being a horse with great propelling power, a good back, bad shoulders, and worse legs ; but I soon discovered that the beef on his carcase covered bis defects behind; and when he had finished the season; he appeared leggy and as narrow as two rails. No horse ever received more " butter " from certain critics, and no horse .aeserved it less. However, he may be a stud success ; but I doubt it. Tregeagle I have never seen, but No Surrender I have, and I Bhall not feel any regret if I never see him again, albeit he too may be a stud success, but, as in the above case, I very much doubt it. Stockham is one of the grandest- bred horses in Australia, and until Dr. Bathe rescued him from obscurity, he never had the ghost of a chance. Now, however, with Conceit-, Mary Avenel, Pride, and many other mares that will visit him this season, he will have an opportunity of distinguishing himself at the stud; andfor the sake of the worthy doctor, who is an enthusiastic turf Btudent, I hope he may produce something even better than his very best-bred edit The Irish King. As good wine needs no bush, neither does KiBg Alfred require much praise from me. If he bad not -previously produced such as Ingleside, Banker, etc., the fact of Mermaid alone having sprang from his loins would be sufficient to stamp him as a sire worth breeding from. Fireworks' stock give wonderful promise, and his son from Bose de Florence is about the most racing-like yearling ever seen in the colony ; and Angler is so grand a horse, and possesses so many excellent strains of blood, that- he can hardly foil to be a stud success. Ferry- man is another son of Fisherman that must meet with plenty, of support, for a horee tbat begot a Charon, a Lamplighter, and a Derby should not be neglected by those who believe in horses that have proved themselves. Tom King deserves encouragement from the mere fact of hiB being a son of King Tom, whose progeny are so success ful in England at the present time. The fact of his being a grandson of two such brilliant Stud Book gems as Pocahontas and Defence should alse re commend him to breeders, especially those who have mares with whom a dash of his stout blood would in all probata1 ity prove a happy com bination. The majority of the Victorian stallions will doubtless be liberally patronised, bat the great aim of breeders should be to contract their stud marriages in a manner which will lessen the chancesof the union resulting in failnre ; and when the time arrives for naming the foals, I hope that something over a hundred colts and fillies will be named for the A.J.C Sires' Produce Stakes of 1875. Studmasters must not forget that sires must be named for the A.J.C. Sires' Produce Stakes on or before Thursday next. The Marquis took up his quarters at Mari byrnong on Monday last, and appeared to be quite pleased with his new place of abode. Mr. Petty intends patting several of his beet maies to the son of Stockwell and Cinizelli, and tbe result of the union between The Marquis and these splendidly-bred dames will be looked forward to with some degree of interest by those who have made breeding a study. According to the re cognised principles of breeding now extant in England, nothing could be better than the inter weaving of the Stockwell and Bay Middleton strains, both of which combine successfully in England, and why should they not in Australia? A young Marquis from the aristocratic Gilder mire or Bose de Florence should be a gem of the first water. Referring to the Talbot annual races, the Leader of Friday says : — " The largest stakes out of Melbourne — the Talbot Handicap — will be run on the 14th December, and will consist of a sweepstake of 5 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added, and the second horse is to receive 20 sovs. from tbe stakes. The winner of any handicap of the value of 100 sovs. is to carry 5lb. extra. Nomi nations must be made on the 24th October. The Borough Handicap will be run on the fol- lowing day for 100 sots., and the winner of the former race to carry 51b. extra." Mr. Fred. Woodhouse is busy with his litho graph of the picture of Mermaid and Bomula ; and it will be ready for publication in a few days. The lithograph promises to be one of the best that has yet appeared ; and those who delight in the possession of a good sporting picture should not fail to obtain one of the Sydney Cap winner and her stable companion the Champion victress Bomula. Sam Haynes, the jockey and trainer, has, I understand entered into an engagement to train for Mr. Macalister, a gentleman well-known in tbe Wagga Wagga district. The celebrated cart entire Lord ©f Iimae, with two splendid cart mares, a yearling and foal, hare been purchased by Mr. C. B. Fisher from Messrs. M'Culloch, Campbell, and Co., the price for the lot being £1700. Mr. Fisher, I believe, intends sending them to one of his stations either in Queensland or Adelaide. Mr. John Lamb has arrived from Adelaide with an Ace of Clubs Dei by colt and Cedric, and has taken up, bis quarters at the Newmarket hotel, Fleinington. j I am exceedingly glad to be able to state that young Day bas returned to Mr. Lang's service, . axdjit is to be hoped, now that he has seen the error of his ways, he will endeavour to make up for lost time. With the consent of the gentle- men who subscribed the £50 for the boy, the money has been handed over to him, less £10 incurred by Mr. Lang in law expenses, which Day, sen., has consented to defray ; and I t believe a fresh agreement has been entered into whereby the boy is bound to serve the time lost during his absence, and a special clause in the new articlfes sets forth that the father of the boy shall resign all claim to his son, and refrain from interfering with him while he remains in the service of Mr. Lang. Some rifle- shooting well worth recording took place m Sydney last week, when Messrs. Lynch ana Brownlow, who have often distinguished t hemselves in intercolonial contests, made splendid scores at 509 and 600 yarfo, Mr. Lynch, in twenty shots, obtained eighteen bull's-eyes mid two centres ; and Mr. Brownlow seventeen bull's- eyes, two centres, mid one outer ; 'Mr. Lynch Booring nine bull's-eyes and a oentre at each range, and Mr. Brow t 1 " centra, and one outer at fiOO vjl "1% til- n Moffatf. imported V, Beatrix (by Pomoeil . j"!?®8 (h Time (hy The Cure) hare arri/d to J?®4 » and Sour Orapee, Cewa, OalUooe (winner of tbe A.J.O. St. Le«L' P'Smtt rired at Maribjrnong. and »iH bl puTt Gasworks, The Boe, and Jessica ; week, and Gasworks visits The Mbr/?!? >» in his first season have some of S ' " ill mares in the land. the ery The two-year-old brood mare t i . in the MUtiades by Mr. Moffatt Williamstown, and sent on direct b ?6"1 Hill. I saw Mr. Moffatts beidWul m GrapeB tbe other day, and though not !?rI;.SoUf condition as I expected to see her that fine appearance which gained friends for her when she was on the turf 8pmiUlJ side was a lusua natures in the shane of » BnJ ,her by The Sign, which has five feet and n 81 most peculiar appearance when foliowinS? a In Sell's Life in London I notice a r»h n from Michael Bush, the aquatic chamnir. « South Wales, to Renforth and sS l I'l Bush offers to row either for £200 a-aide j allow the munificent sum of £50 for erne come to Australia. As Renforth weuld w ?' bring a trainer with him,. I fancy the £sn ; more than another £100 to boot would be 1 lowed up in expenses ere he returned toft mother country, so that even if he coald certain of winning, he would be nothing in nZ ! -when he got home. I don't think Renforth or Sadler took any notice of the A tralian's challenge, and I'm not surprised afcT If Rush wishes Renforth to come to Australia I t him row "for £300 a-side, and give £150 for' ! pensee; then probably Renforth may think it worth his while to try conclusions with him « the Parramatta Biver. Followers of the gentle craft which Izaak Walton delighted in will be glad to learn that the bream are becoming very plentiful in the Saltwater Eirer Mr. John Aires has had some good sport durimr the week, and while crossing the bridge on Afajjl day last, I saw mine host of the Jolly Anglers land a beauty which turned the scale at 21b. Those who are fond of a day's fishing could not do better than visit the Saltwater River just now ; they can obtain all the necessary paraphernalia from Jj, John Alves, who knows every spot where " boomers'' most do congregate, and a good day's sport may be had in the vicinity of the Bocks, Bulldog, Solomon's Ford, etc. Mr. Tattersall, the English authority on horse- flesh, has stated that during the late war 30 000 horses were taken from England to France alone and that in seven years no fewer than 14,000 brood mares —stock which it is impossible to re place — were shipped from Hull to Harwich, France, Austria, Prussia, and Italy keep breeding establishments to encourage and promote the breed of borses by private individuals. The Austrians have 4,000 stallions for that purpose, and in Prussia, although the horses are nominally supplied by private firms, the Government pos sesses 600 brood mares. Mr. Tattersall is evidently beginning to fear for the English stock of hnnw and well he may with the above export before him of brood mares. A meeting of members of the ! ardware hade will be held at the Freemasons hotel, Swanston street, on Wednesday, the 13th inst., at 8 p.m,, for the purpose of forming a rowing club, to con sist of persons connected with the trade. Death of Thomas S swell, Jun.— This well- known cricketer died on Tuesday, 12th June, at Sevenoaks, at the age of 41. Deceased was more intimately acquainted with the Surrey Club than any other, and upon the whole he was regarded by the executive as one of their most useful players. He was one of the first All- England Eleven whieh visited the colonies. Fbiday JfiGHr. The third day of the Bandwick meeting, brought Hamlet out in his true colours, and he , won the Mares' Produce Stakes like a racehorse, giving The Prophet, who beat him in the Derby, 61b., and doing the mile and a quarter in 2min. 15sec., though if the time was taken with a Ben- Eon's chrongrapb, the test is not reliable. Die victory of Tbe Pearl in the Sydney Handicap brought him into increased favour for the Mel bourne Cup, and 100 to 10 was the highest offer against him ; but though I always plumped for The Pearl, in preference to any other of Mr. Tait's for the Metropolitan, I mu6t have fyrrkoi to carry the yellow and black in the Cup. ai® j Whiffler's defeat in the Craven was a surprise, j but Javelin is, doubtless, a smart colt, as witness his second victory over The Prophet m we Maiden Plate. J avelin, however, did not get we , stakes, as a protest was entered against him for 1 crossing, and, on hearing evidence, the stew&w6; j disqualified him, and gave the stakes to D® I Whiffler. J 