JAMES' LUSTEE LINE OF SO VEREIGN PONTIFFS. XI. We have not forgotten our prelatic friend, "James of Maitland." We have not lost sight of his " Lustre line of Sovereign Pontiffs." In the multiplicity of other subjects pressing for notice we have had to pass over this rich mine of proof that pa>al religion is not at all the religion of Christ, and that papal infallibility is a " modern invention." In this article wo shall rajiidly pass over a period of about fifty years. Wo left off, in our 10th number, at Gregory I, known as " the Great." After him came Sabinianus, A.D. 604, and reigned a year and a half, in such a"V'arice and extortion that when ho died, bis funeral procession had to be conducted a long way without the city to St. Peter's, to excape the insults of the people ! But his death was brought about in a very singular manner. Sabinianus bated his predecessor Gregory the great. The phrase, now do common and .orthodox — " of happy memory" — was not yet coined ; at any rate, Sabinianus hated the " memory of Gregory the Great." He reproached his memory as a prodigal Avaster of the trea sures of the Ohurcli, and his famed liber ality to the poor SabinianiiS" x'eproachcd as a vain ostentation, and a low act to obtain popularity ! Not only this, but he accused. Gregory of demolishing the ancient temples and beautiful statues which adorned the city ; and as a revenge upon his memory he suggested that tlie works of Gregory himself should be publicly destroyed ! Gregory liacl destroyed temples, and broken images, to root out idolatry from the peo ple ; but Sabinianus roused the indigna tion of the jieople against Gregory for so guilty a deed, and proposed the revenge of destroying the works of Gregory himself ! And how was the revenge thus proposed a'verted? Why, a lying monk told the people that he luid seen the Holy Ghost, in the form of a dove, whispei-ing into the ear of Gregory to destroy the images ! And then Gregory is said to have come down from heaven to rebuke his successor ; and having descended to rebuke him three times in vain, the fourth time he gave him a blow on the head, of which he died ! — Great " lustre" or friend James of Malt- land, must derive for such Pope as this !. The one slandered the other : the one prac tically approved of idolatry; the one lived by extortion and avarice ; then the one came down from heaven to kill the other; and then the people so hated the murdered Pojie, that they hai'dly gave him burial ! Iloniface III. next conies to the Papal throne a.d. GOT, and reigns but a few nionths. Yet, brief though his reigii was, he reversed the language of Gregory the Great, and assumed the blasphemous title which Gregoiy had condemned. Gregory had said that the Bishop who should claim to be " Universal Bishop " should thereby prove himself Antichrist. He called the title "blasphemous and wicked." Boniface had been Gregory's representative at the Court of Constantinople, when Gregory denounced in such terms the title os tii-st assumed by the Bishop of Constantinople : yet, when this Boniface got himself elevated to the Papal throne, he assumed the very title which Gregory had denounced! What wonderful iufallibility ! Gi-egory denouncing, and Boniface approving ! Boniface declared beforehand by Gregory to be a blasphemous antichrist ! What . " lustre " will James of Maitland extract from thisl Boniface IV. comes next, a.d. 607-8, who, is memorable for one thirig, viz., his juirifying and re-dedieating the Pantheon, where all the heathen Gods were wor shipped, that the AUrgin and the martyrs instead might hencefortli be there honoui-ed as titular deities. The exploit was doubt-less very great, and the Pope who so cleverly substituted Mary for Cybele and the saints for the gods deserved himself to be made a " s.aint !" Deusdedit comes next, a.d. 615. He is said to have been the son of a sub- deacon, and he was so holy a man that he : cured a man of the leprosy with a kiss ! We .should like to know if James of Malt- land shares in the " lustre " of such potent kisses ? Boniface AL comes next, a.0. 618. This man had a great care of relics. He ordained that those who were guilty of saci'ilege should be excommunicated. And he appointed that criminals who fled to the churches should find a sanctuary in them from the pursuits of justice! AH these things were truly worthy of an infal lible Pope. The last was the most useful : for if criminals could hide in churches from justice, what a power in the priest over the civil authorities? The first was the most pi'ofitable ; for who does not know that wealth untold has been gathered into " the church " by the sale of I'olics— - old bones, rags, teetli, fingera, heads, hair and nails ! Honorius I. comes ne.xt, a.d. 625. This man, we are told by Platiua, the Roman Catholic Historian, was a " great refor mer of the clergy." Itislawful then toinfec from this that the clergy needed very siiucA to be reformed : and, doubtless, they did ; for in those days, as the historian tells us, the clergy, even the highest of them, were filled with " ambition and covetousness," and they sought, he add.s, " rather to know what a bishoprick was usorth than the size of the flock to be fed." The same hlsto- riau tells us that this " Honorius was imposed uj)on by the Patriarch of Constan- tinojile," so that he was sedxiccd into heresy I The heresy of this Pope is fully established ; and in a solemn Council held some years after his death, he was included ill the number of the heretics condemned ! What " lustre " will jAStES draw from this How about the infallibility of the Popes, since Honorius was condemned and anathe matized as a heretic ? Severinus, whoreigiied only two months, and John IV., who reigned only 21 mouths, left nothing to history, only that the latter attempted to rescue his prede cessor, Honorius I. from the disgrace of Jieresy, but failed in the attempt. Theodoras I. comes next, a.d,, 652. This man rpjected with the utmost zeal the heresy into which Honorius had fallen. The Patriarch of Constantinople who had " imposed upon Honorius," and " seduced him into here.sy," came to Rome during the reign of Tlieodcrus, and there pro fessed to the Pope his conversion from the heresy. The Pope, of cour.se, %yas in great glee ; but as 'the wily Patriarcli shortly afterwards " recanted his I'eoantation," Pope TJieodorus was furious ; ho poured out upon him more than ordinary curses of exconimunication ; in a large meeting of the clergy he denounced the " new Judas," as he called him, in the most vehement anathemas; and pouring some drops of sacramental wine out of the chalace into the ink bottle, he signed the excommunica tion of the doomed heretic " with the blood of Christ I" — This was brave and Pope like. The " blood of Christ " used as ink to write damnation 011 a heretic ! James of Maitland may call this " lustrous," and " infallible ;" but ordinary people, even sensible Romanists, will, we rather t.hinlr consider it the impotent blasphemy of a man who.se pride and worldly passion would shed Christ's blood to gratify his levenge, if that were really in his power 1 'These, then, are a few more of the so- called AUcai-s of 'Christ, who were all in fallible, if Pius IX. is inlallible. They do indeed constitute a chain of "lustrous Holy Fathers 1" In the words of a judici ous writer, we close our list for the pre sent ; — " It is difficult to decide whether scorn, pity, or indignation, should predomi nate as we survey the characters of this Pontifical army ; certainly admiration and envy would bo wholly out of place. It is pitiable to see men eager for honors which were only to be short lived; but which could be enjoyed but at the sacrifice of indepen dence and peace of mind ; it is detestable to witness them now cringing to the powerful, now cruel and haughty to the weak ; and it justly awakens our profoundest horror, that the spii-itual rulers of Christendom should be themselves the most striking patterns of corruption, irreligion and vice !" If onr Roman Catholic friends will judge of the dogma of infallibility from the proofs which we have, already given of falsehood, pride, worldliness, murder, and heresy in some of the so-called Vicars of Christ, they will shrink with horror from the blasphemy which they are commanded to believe and acknowledge, on pain of being doomed to everlasting perdition. 