THE GOULBURN MAIL ROBBERY. ON Monday last (says the Braidwood Moni tor) it, became known in town that the in coming mail had been stuck-up about six miles from here. In order to facilitate the early arrival of the mail, Mr Moran, the contractor, sent early in the morning a buggy to meet the coach at the Shoalhaven River which is not crossable. The mail and some luggage were brought over in the boat, and the buggy started back again for Braid wood, driven by a young lad. On arriving at the Six-mile Flat, coming along the short track a man rode up to him, and presenting a revolver, ordered him to stand. He then made the lad take the buggy off the road into the bush; having done so he next ordered everything to be taken out of the buggy, and deliberitly proceeded to open some tra velling trunks, the property of Mr Malceod, from which he took a quantity of wearing apparel, which he made up into a bundle; he then opened the letter-bags, and finding in the large one nothing but newspapers, the Sydney letters being all at the bottom, he contended himself with walking off with a small bag which proved to be that containing the Goulburn letters; he then remounted his horse and made the mail lad hand up the bundle to him, telling him not to drive on fast, and rode off into the bush. No sooner, bowever was he out of sight than the mail boy having replaced the ransacked portman teaus and letter bags into the buggy, drove into town as quickly as he could, and after delivering what was left of the mails immedi ately give information to Mr Superintendant Orridge, who at once went after him, also senior-sergeant Duffy, senior-constable Hur ley, and constables Bragg, Lenehan and Nelson: constables Hurley and Bragg were accompanied by the mail lad, who gave a , e,-t. "-.•,* . ? . -.. : . . . good description of the man whom he stated to be quiite young, fair, with but little whisker, and a tuft on his chin : he had on boots and light trousers, and a poncho; he had nothing over his face; and the mail lad recognised him as having seen him on the Goulburn road a day or two before. The boatman at the river states that he a day or two before had crossed a person answer ing his description. The troopers having been shown by the lad the spot where he had been stuck up, they soon got on the fellow's track, which they followed in the direction of Colombo, then retracing his steps, and along the river until they were near Larbert, when they came in sight and gave chase. Constable Bragg's horse got bogged for a minute; just on the other side of Stephen's, Hurley ran down his man, and covered him with a revolver, ordering him to throw up his arms: constable Bragg then came up and handcuffed him, and took a pistol from him, which was, well loaded; they also found on him several cheques and promisory notes, which he had extracted from the letters, and all the clothing, whip, &c.;, which he had taken out of the trunks. He was then brought into town, and lodged safely in the lock-up; he had in his posses sion the saddle stolen from the Chinaman on Friday last, the horse he was riding was the property of Mr Bennett, which he must have taken out of the paddock the night before. Great credit is due to the police for the speedy capture of this young aspirant to the road whose career has been but a short one here. He has not been long in the neighbourhood; his father is reported to be a shepherd some where about the Breadalbane ; his name he gives as Maher; he is also known as Riley and has, we hear, although only twenty years of age, done two sentences, one in Darlinghurst, and one in Goulburn jail; he is a native of the Goulburn district, and comes from somewhere about Mummell. SChIEDAM ScCHNAPPS.-In these days when alcoholic liquors are so largely coon sumed, and consumers are so much in doubt whether their systems are not being gradu ally impaired by adulteration it is well that one, at least, of the popular beverages of the the period is reliable as pure-that isWolfe's Aromatic ,chiedam Schnapps. After mak Ing reasonable deductions from the varied and many active and neutralising virtues it is said to possess, it is something to be as. sured by physicians and other of theseien. tific cognoseentiithat we have in this article a genuine extract which taken in modeate quantity, and under ordinarily healthy con. ditions of body, affords a beneficial stimulus to the animal functions, and even if taken in excess leaves but a minimum of the inevit. able evils of abuse. The fact that in the latter respect it is incomparably superior to the mass of other liquors of a like class is attributed to the entire absence of fusel oil; its palatableness, its tonic properties, and its effect in increasing the vital energy may be" traced to the purity of its main constituent. It differs from other Holland gin the pro. duce of juniper communis, the schnapps be ing made from the Italian juniper, which gives a finer aromatic. If it is necessary in the interests of the public to denounce the too common practice of manu acturing nox ious compounds as wines and spirits, it seems only jnst to point to this meritorious excep tion -S.M.Herald. MAarYonovUo.- February 3.- James Cleary, a fine young man, the son of o'ne of the oldest settlers in the district, called at the Richmond public house, on the Gayndab road, od Thursday, in company with a black boy. A man nanmed Penn, who was in the house, assaulted the black-boy, who was de fended by Cleary. Cleary was then attacked by Penn and Mrs Richmond, the latter us inm a nullah. After a struggle, Cleary mounted his horse and was riding away, when he was followed by Penn with a gun, and was fired upon from behind, the charge entering the shoulder joint. Cleary rode on, but fell off his horse about two hundred yards from the hotel,where he was found ly ing four hours afterwards, in a pool of blood. The shoulder was amputated this afternoJn, but Cleary died immediately after the opera tion had been completed. Penns and Mrs Richmond were arrested for the crime, and the latter has been released upon bail.-A broker named Charles Phillips, belonging to the town, wandered into the bush lat Sun. ddy while in a state of delirium, and his not since been found, although parties have beaen out every day searching for him. He is sup posed to have perished.-Telegram to Sris. bone Courier. RcH GOLD ..SpEciMns FraoM TAMlA* RoorA.-Yesterday morning we were .how, eight specimens of gold in quartz, taken from the claim of Mr James Brown, Haw kin's Hill, Tambaroora. To say that they are wonderfully rich would inadequately express the magnificence of the specimens, the quarts is thickly impregnated with the p eeious metal and white iron pyrites. Se veral of the pieces are held together, as it were, by gold fastnings. The quarts is evi dently taken from a slate casing. Theclaim is 300 feet deep, and said to be getting richer as the miners descend. The lucky owner, who is now in town, some time sines sold the claim for £2000, and re-purchased it for £6000. An ideaof the richness of the claim may be gleaned from the t? :::' 1200 tons of quarts already erushed :;i.-d over £20,000 worth of gold. The rp' im?n,, are now on view in the window of M ? Holtingdale, jeweller, King-street, ' ;9' ala on view in some entiemlg specme s :.' the Perseverance BeefV, Clasence R i:. tract. We onderatand that these spenmefn have been seeeurd by the New South Wales Coommissioners for transmission to theGreat Industrial Exhibition in Laoridon.- Empire. Mr D.C. M'Gregor,fof rMoangorelli late ly slaughtered a yearhnag wsg~iang '001b, ainking the offal. This says something for breeding and- the 'g.ating? - idt'of?'- tuG Bland cioqit&ry.-; . - . A SHORT CUT.-A townsman whose gardeni had suffered from nocturnal at tacks by some of the scamps about Cooma resolved to hire a man to watch it during the night. Recently, the attention of the watchman was arrested by a rustling in one of the fruit trees, and thither he silently wended his way. He there dis covered, squatting on the branches of the tree, a boy of about 14 or 15 years of age who, on being asked to give an account of himself, said he was taking a "short cut" home. This explanation not being deemed satisfactory; the culprit was con veyed to the owner's residence, where he was admonished with a few "short cuts" from a whip, and, promising not to take a "short cut" through gardens any more the lad was set at liberty.-Monaro l fer cury. fA "STRANGER" ON THE JURY.-Dr Pounds, .the coroner at Sandhurst, was sorely perplexed on Tuesday, while hold ing the inquest on the late tire in Bridge street. lie was proceeding with the in q?uiry, surrounded by a jury of fourteen "good and lawful men, and everything went on harmoniously until the reigning .peace of the worthy coroner was dis turbed by some one whispering to him that there was a stranger sitting as a -juror, a man who had not been sworn on the day of the commencement of the in quest, and who name was not on the jury precept. "Where is he? bring him here," exclaimed the coroner, who appeared as tounded at the statement, and who at the moment made the discovery that one of the jurors who had been sworn on a pre vious occasion was absent. The culprit stood before the court as confused as the coroner, and explained that he had come there .for another juror, who was sick. The learned coroner was then in a " regu lar fix," as he admitted-he had never seen the like of it; it was unprecedented; the idea of this silly man coming there and sitting on a sworn jury for another mi?an; he could not understand it. "Go away, you foolish man, and tell your master that he is liable to a penalty of ':30 under the Act. I shall certainly have to communicate this to the Crown law officers." The "stranger" lost no time..in taking his departure, and the coroner, who said he could not'drive the dceurence out of his mind, consoled him self with the reflection that he had taken the precaution to have a jury of fourteen. Bendigo Independent. ":::DROWNED IN A WEEDY LAGOON. 'Early on Saturday (says the Wagga Ad 'verttser' of the 8th instant) sad accident 'occurred opposite Flowerdale, by which ": a fine young man, named Charles Edward Close, lost his life by drowning. De 'ceased and a young companion, named Joseph Harrold, were out duck-shooting about half-past five, when a bird which deceased had shot, fell into the water on the opposite side of the lagoon, which here is of considerable width. Deceased said he would swim for it, and although his companion endeavoured to dissuade him from doing so,he stripped and plunged into the water. He was a strong swim mer, but when about halfway across. he. suddenly sank.' He almost immediately rose again, struggling violently, and cal ling loudly for help, that the weeds were too heavy for him. The boy ran off for help, but on his return in a few minutes \- there was nothing to be seen but the un happy youth's track through the weed covered water, and the round hole where after a desperate struggle, he had at last been dragged down. The body was re covered with some difficulty by the police covered with weeds, lashed round and and round him so tightly that once their 'deadly folds enveloped him his ftte must have been sealed. Close, we understand, was a native of Campbelltown, his family niow residing at Gundagai, and was work ing 'with Mr Beeson, shoemaker, of this town. ROMAN CATHOLIC.—The first ordina- tion in this diocese of a Catholic clergy- mans took place on Sunday last in SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral during the eleven o'clock mass, when the Rev. M. Coffey, who accompaned the Bishop from Ireland recently, was admitted to the order of the priesthood. An eloquent sermon, suitable to the occasion, was preached by the Rev. Father Gallagher, St. John, 20 c., 19th and succeeding ver- ses. The ceremony throughout was very impressive. On next Sunday the founda- tion stone of the new cathedral will be blessed. His Grace the Archbishop and the bishops of Bathurst and Maitland are expected to be present at the ceremony; and the sermon on the occasion will be preached by the Rev. Father O'Keefe, of Yass.—Goulburn Herald. ACCIDENT FROM FOUL AIR. On Thurs day morning last a very serious accident happened to a young man named John Crowe in a mining shaft at Eurongilly. It appears that on the above morning Crowe's father first went down the shaft, which his sixty feet in depth to commence work, but finding the air bad he soon afterwards returned to the surface and his place was then taken by his son. Young Crowe sent a couple of buckets of dirt up and then experiencing a great sensation of suffocation and giddines,s called out to his father to pull him up, and filling a third bucket, hitched it on the hook, and putting his foot in it and signifying that all was right his father commenced slowly winding him up. By this time however, the foul air in the shaft operated with alarming effect upon him, a feeling that his senses were leaving him, he clutched the rope with convulsive energy in the hope of reaching the pure air on the car face in safety. Just, however, as he reached the mouth of the shaft, and as his father was in the very act of grasp ing his hand, a deadly faintness came over him, and relaxing his hold he toppled out of the bucket and fell headlong down the shaft. The father, in silent horror, heard the dull thud, announcing the descent of the body upon the bottom, and naturally concluded that his son had been killed, but immediately procured assistance and regardless of the risk of the foul air, with which he knew the shaft to be danger ously charged; insisted at once upon being lowered to the bottom. When he arrived there he found that his son, though sen seless, was still breathing, and hastily fastened him to the rope, he was, with out loss of time, withdrawn from the deadly atmosphere of the shaft and re moved to his house, and a messenger was then sent into Wagga Wagga for medical assistance, Dr Robinson was as quickly as possible in attendance and found that Crowe had escaped almost miraculously without broken bones, but had otherwise been frightfully brused, shaken, and in jured. He vomited a good deal of blood, but recovered soon his consciousnes, and with care it is believed will entirely re cover from the shock his system has re ceived. The poor fellow is just of age, and has been but two months married. Wagga Wagga Express. CounP DE SOLEIL.-On Monday even ing the parents of Miss Pearce, of the Bridge .Inn, Yass, were startled at the announcement that their daughterwasjly ing insensible in the paddock. Her bro ther at oncestatedito where she was lying *and brought her into the house, and after repeated, but fruitless, attempts to restore her to a state of convalescence, he started into Yass for medical aid. By the time he reached town it was elevan o'clock, and Dr Blake then started out to Mr Pearce's, and still the girl was uncon scious: Dr Blake at once pronounced the attack to be caused by sunstrok. "Miss Pearce continued to be in fits all night, but we are glad to say that on Wednes day she was fast approaching her former state of health.-Southern Argus. STHE GttN-POWDER ACCIDENT.-Tlie imunfortunate boy Black, mentioned in ouir last issue as suffering serious injuries from an explosion of gunpowder, is not we are sorry to say, likely to get the better of them. Dr Temple has been most unre mitting in his attendance upon the poor boy, and all has been done that human aid could do to relieve his sufferings and contribute to his recovery, but without success. On Tuesday he was seized with lock-jaw and since that time has been sinking fast, and up to the time of our oing to press not the slightest hopes of his recovery can be held out by the doc tor. [He is since dead.]--Burrangong Argus. THE NARANDERA MURDERS. - Two men,saysthe Melbourne Telegraph,known only by the namas of Jack and Jim, are wanted by the police-they, it is said, having been connected in the murder of the brother Pohlman, Jack is about forty years of age, five feet six inches high, stout build,ratherdark-yellow complexion, beard mixed with grey, which may have been'shaved off; an Englishman. He is said to have been at Learmonth's station in 1869, working in the woolshed, pick ing up fleeces an other general work; he was afterwards at Vailant station, Nyang, on the Edward, near Moulamein, picking up fleeces, where he received a cheque from the su erintendent in the name of Wallis. Jim is a Dublin man, about fifty years of age, five feet eight or nine inches high. These men are said to have been with Robert Campbell, who has already paid the penalty of his crime, at the waterhole where the murder was committed. The Wagga Wagga Adver tiser says:-' The dog of the murderer Campbell, which disappeared so mysteri7 ously on the morning of his. late masters execution, having completed, we presume, the proper period of canine mourning, has turned 'up again at the police bar racks. Where he has bese hiding his sorrow is one of the things ti(at nobody knows, but he seems. to.have' ot rid of it effectually, and is as merry as if , his master had not forestalled him in dying a dok's death. ANIMAL PorsoNING.-Some time since, while a man named Edward Craigh was engaged in skinning a sheep at' Munda wadders, the knife slipped and cut the skin of the middle finger of his left hand. Tlie finger shortly atterwards began to Awell and puff, and then an angry sore formed around the wound, showing all the deadly symptoms of animal poison ing. Crsgh became alarmed, and in the begining of the present week came into toiwn for medical aid. His finger then presented such a dreadtul appearance, that both Dr Morgan and Dr Robinson believed that the only chance of saving, not only the hand but the life of the suf ferer, would lie in the amputation of the deceased finger; chloroform was accor dingly administered and the finger taken off, and the patiedt is now in a fare W~ii towards recovery. AN ANNcINLAw.a-At the police-court . WWagg W ga on Tuesday a man psas brought up under an old Act of the reign. ozC-lrle II. charged with &abbath; breaking, in driving cattle through. the. atreets on the preceding Sunday. The offender pleaded guilty, and was fined 2s Od, and 8. 6d oost, with the alternative of taking,in the terms of the Act, six hoar in the to~ekas. The fne was paid, and perhaps, raya the .ipress, it' was for tunate for: the magistrbatf4ithiat it was, for, as the stocks are are an institution of which thetown dose a ol.sttthey would' av found'it' di?BY l, tLte toa .earry? out their aneit6S daoeder would have e.mped soot fr? .: : BAcaING AN ALIGXTOR.-Some very good sport was e~|.eridnced'at Townsville, Cleverland Bay,'on the 11th ultimno, by Mir P. T'histlethwayte, Dr Callaghan, and some others, who sueeeded in bagging an alligator. Shortly after lunch Mr This tlethwayte, who was standing on the ver andah of Dr Callaghan's cottage over looking the creek, saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank,crawl up, and assume a recumbent position on the mud. An expedition was at once organised with r: 'niev of canturing or killing the-s urlitnh. Mr Thistlethwayte and Dr. Chtllghain crossed over in a punt, and wcere' join e by a fisherman who lives on'the sbuth bank of the creek. Directed by a per son 'on the north side, they managed to' crawl within twenty yards of the alligatoi without disturbing him,, and the tisher man, armed with a shot gun,.and Thistle thwayte with a rifle, both fired; the lat ter hit him behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the on the bunk. The three sportsman rushed at and seized the alligator's canudi appendage, and a most exeitrii-: struggle took plaice. The saurian nade' savage* but .ineitectual attempts, to,bit7 his?persecutors, who courageously .stuok: to his tail while others beat him abo.ut'. the head with sticks until he glrve up the. ghost. When:it was ascertained he was quite dead- hh wasdtowed'across the creek, and it was found that he measured nearly' nine feet in length. His outside armioui was covered with scars and scratches,' as if he had suffered in various combats .with his scaley brothers. It was not, therefore, thought worth preserving. The skull.is.kept by Mr Thislehivayte as trophy of his prowess. The body, w.as boiled down by the fisherman, but yielded-. little more than a pannikin full of oil. It is not often tliat such a 'chance is afford ed of obtaining alligator?,sport in bour creek:. SEIZUnE 0OP Godi. ATr ToWN'syiLLI.-A seitire of old ?aa ni de .on the?:-t ultimo, by Mr Fa shcy, second offier of Caustoms, on' board tile schooner Princess. Alexandra, as" 'he'ivhas prodeding to sea frotli TTownsville. Itaippears that among her passengers was a man named John Hoare, who had recently 'atived'fromn the Cloncurry, and was known to have a certain quantity of gold in his pos session, on which he had not paid duty.' He denied having the gold when questioned by. Mr Fahey, who, however, instituted a mn nute search in' the captain's cabin, in ond of the lockers of.which he f.und 13oz 7dwt of' the precious metal, which he..thereupon seizerd as being forfeited to the Crown. GoULauIts.-Thursday.--At the Quarter Sessions, William Larkins, ifor' hoise steal ing, was sentenced too five years; John Brownlow for forgery, to twelve months ; James Larcombe, for larceny,-was aciuitttd; Louis Dominique, for.prison :breaking, ~rse also acquitted. , . ' MIELBOURNE -Friday;-The Bishop- of Melbourne, as' president of: thhe Society for the Promotion of Public'Moirality, has issued a abshort address to the electors of .Victoria, urging upon them) first,: that men whose, lives are publicly or privately imnlloral' are not fit representatives of the people; and second that candidates should pledge thein selves to keed public-houses closed on Sun days. Mats KINDER.-The San Francisco cort respondent of the Brlsbane Courier, -in speaking of the recent escape of the Hon. Mis Yelverton from death in the Yosemite Valley, concludes by stating *'that the nor, torious Mrs Kinder, who acted so conspicu. oils a part some years ago before the erimai nal courts in Sydney, with Bertrand, in re. ference to the murder of her husband, is now married to a I)utchman, and is keeping a grocery store in San Francisco. .. A-novel flycatcher i'sthus described :Ly. the Ovens Spectator :-"A mouse which hait taken tip its quarters in a house in . Betch: worth, may'bet bocasionally observed nmaking a raid upon the.flies, catching teemn in the most wonderful manner, and eating :thes with great apparent iist. The strangest part of it is, that it sits upon its hind legs and catches..thlem flying, as they hover round,no doubt thinkitig' they are going to make a, inmeal nf' him. The little ',beastie ' is a source of great amuse"ment to the boys, and a curi osity to older people." The newly-elected repesentative for Liv erpool Plains is repiorted by the Tamworth Esaminer to have signalised the occasion of his return by gifts to some local institutionis. sHays:-A' everybody might halve expected,' Mr Levy 'has sent hiM cheque for £25 tr.oui races, £10 :for the hospital, £5 to the Me chanica' Institute, antl L5 Ior the school' at Nundle. ' We believe iMr Levy is ih,~ only mneaber who has ever been returned to the' New South Wales Parliiauent.'iWbo has; si' ?sally masked his return. Mrs Estell, of Rydal. was recently bitten hy.a centipede ormi her breast. She appiliedl brandy andtsalt, but' the following day shi hecanie' drdwy?"'i'id giddy. The drictkr pronouniced her to be iri great danger, her mind was seriously affected for six daysA bd't she is now past all darigr." . .Mat F.. HoaN has been thrice elee'tld iat, o or ,ulbu in.. ' . II 'Earl Belmore has presented £100 to ~ie ,rnds of. the.Church Society of the dioces of Goulburn. The Rt.-Rev. Dr Lsnigan, R. G. Biliop of GOoulburn, formally blessed the founda. tion-stone of a new eathedral ast GOulbiurn, im Sunday last. t New diggings hiave been discovered i,'o miles fraom Currajog ind tweuntypaaven nies north-west ,f -Forbes. :Tie itdica tiuns are splendid. "- ' ' . 