POOR JO. BY MARCUS C'LABKE. He was the ostler at Coppinger's, and they called him Poor Jo. Nobody knew whence he enme; nobody knew what misery of early'histoiy had been his. He had appeared one evening, a wan dering swag-man, unable to speak, and so ex plain his journey's aim or. end — able only to mutter and gesticulate, making signs that he was colu ana nuugry, ana neeaea nre ana food. The rough crowd in Coppinger's bar looked on him kindly, having for him that sympathy' which marked physical affliction commands in the rudest natures. Poor Jo needed all their sympathy : he was a dwarf, and dumb. Coppinger — bluff, blasphemous,' and gnod hearted soul — despatched him with many oaths to .the kitchen, and when the next morning the deformed creature volunteered in his strange : sign-speech to do soinu work! that might ' pay for his lodging,' sent, hiui. to help the o.stlor that ministered Jto King Cobb's coach horses. The ostler — for lack of a better name, perhaps called him 'Jo,' though he could speak no word of human language, yet had a marvellous power of com munication with horseflesh, installed him as under-oatler and stable-helper, with a seat at the social board and a wisp of clean straw in King C'obb's stable. 'I have taken him on,' said Coppinger, when the township cronies ' met the next night in the bar. ? ' Who V asked the cronies, bibulously dis regarding 'rammer. ' Poor Jo,' said Coppinger. The sympathetic world of Bullocktown ap proved the epithet, and the deformed vaga bond, thus baptised, was known as Poor Jo ever after. He was a quiet fellow enough. His utmost wrath ni;ver sufficed to ruffle a Jiair on tbe sleek backs of King Oobb's horses. His ut most mirth never went ' beyond an ape-like chuckle that irradiated his pain-stricken face as a stray gleam of sunshine lights up the hideousuoss of the gargoyle on some old cathe dral' tower. It was only when 'in drink' that Poor Jo became a spectacle for strangers to wonder at. Brandy maddened him, and when thus excited, his .misshapen soul would peep but' 'of his sunken fiery eyes, force his grotesque leys to dance unseemly sarabands, and compel his pigeon-breast to give forth monstrous and ghastly utterances, that might have been laughs were they not so'miich like groans of a brutish despair that had in it a strange chord of human suffering. Cop pinger was angry when the poor dwarf was thus tortured for the sport of whiskey M-»i»uiij| itnu uiivu vniu T- X IUIIVaJvIUU X |1(i 111UU ; the muck-midden for inciting the cripple to ;8putter forth his grotesque croonings and ? snatches of griersome merriment. ' He won't be fit for nothin' to-morrer, you — ,' was the 'excuse Coppinger made for his display of feeling. Indeed, on the days that followed i these debauches,, Poor Jo was sadly downeasb \- Even his beloved horses failed to cheer him, ?: and he would sit red-eyed and woe- bogone ? on 'the post and rail fence, like some dissipated i bird of .evil omen. : / ; 'The only thing he seemed, to loyej saye his horses, was. Coppinger, and. Coppinger was 1 proud of this simple affection. So proud was he, that when he discovered that whenever Miss Jane, the, sister of Miss Barnaul,! from Seven Creeks, put her pony into , the. stable, 'the said pony was fondled and slobbered over 'ami caressed by Poor Jo, he felr something like ?a pang of jealousy. , , , Misa Jane was a fair maiden, with pale gold hair, and, lips like the two streaks of crimson in the leaf of the white poppy. Young Barhani owner of Seven Creeks Statibn-ryou , could boo the lights in the house windows from Coppinger's— had brought heri from town. to 'keep house for him,' and she was the beauty of the country side. Frolick.some. Fitz,-the poundkeeper, was at first inclined to toaab.-an opposition .belle (Miss Kate Ryder, of Ryder's Mount), but when returning home one evear ing by the new dam he saw Miss Jane jump uiacu jacK over tne post ana wire into.. the home station, paddock, he forswore his alle giance. : / ? , , -, .; , ,, ,,., ' She rides like an angel,' said pious. Fitz, and next time he,met. her. told her , ao. 1 : She stared, smiled, and cantered away. ,,. ????;, Now, this young maiden, so fair,, so darings and so, silent, came upon the Bulloqktown folk like a new reyeUytion, The. old ; Frenchman ? sk at the MoJon! Patch vowed tearfully that she M had talked French to him like one one of hij H countrywomen, and the schoolmaster, Jlr E Feauk Smith-r— duly certificated under the H Board of Education — reported that sheplavui ^ the piano divinely, singing like- a iaeraph'ths 1 while. As nobody played (except ateuket) 1 in Bullocktown, this judgment was undisputed 1 Coppinger swore, slapping with emphasis hii 1 niigjity thigh, that Miss Jaw -was a lady, and 1 when ho said that he said everything. So I whenever Miss Jane visited the township she i was received with admiration. Copping i took off his hat to her, Mr. Frank Smith M walked to the station every Sunday afternoon m to see 'her, aud Poor Jo «tood afar off, ami H worshipped her,, happy if she bestowed a smile M upon, him once out of every five, times that he §1 held her tiny stirrup. . . , M This taming of Poor Jo-Vas not unnoticed m by the whiskey- drinkers, and they came in the w& course of a month or so to' regard the cripple M as part of the property of Miss Jane— as they w& regarded her dog, for instance. Tho school, m master, moreover, did not escape tap-room P comment. He was frequently at Seven Creeks, m He bought flowers from the garden there. If He scut for some new clothes from Melbourne, m . He even borrowed Coppinger's bay mare Flirt W to, ride over to the Sheepwash; and Diet, the P mailboy — who knew: that Coppinger'H mure m was pigeon-toed — vowed that he had wen m another horse's tracks beside her in the sand |1§ of the Roso. Gap Road. fe ' You're a deep-'un, Mr. Smith,' said Cop. ill pinger. ' I found yer out sparking Miss Jane |§ along the Mountain Track. Deny it if yer H can!' I But Frank Smith's pale cheek only flushed, §| ?and he turned off the question with a laugh. E| It was Poor Jo's eyes that snapped fire in the i| corner. §| . Ho matters held themselves until tho winter, §| when the unusually wet season forbade riding ffl parties of pleasure. ? It .rained savagely that it year, as we all remember, and Bullocktown f| in rainy weather is not acheerful place. Miss m Jane kept at horue, and Poor Jo's little eyes, m wistfully turned to the station on tho hil], sir,,- If never her black pony, cantering round the || corner of Archv Cameron's ha v rick. H A deeper melancholy seemed to fall on the i always melancholy township. Goppinger's 9 cronies took their 'tots' in silence, steaming |1 the while, and Coppinger himself would come H gloomily to the: door, speculating upon evil ? unless the leaden rain curtain lifted. 9 But it did not lift, and rumour of evil came, h Up the county, by Pursham and Merryvalc m and Black- Adder's Gully, there wore whole 9 tracts of grass land under water. ? The nei»h- si bouring station of Hail's, in the mountain?, m was a swamp. The- roads were bogged (or || miles. Tim Doolan was compelled to leave his jfj dray and bullocks at Tom and Jerry's, mid M ride for his life before- the advancing wata*. j| The dams were brimming at Quartzboroti^i, » St. Roy reservoir was running over. It w« ? reported by little M'Cleod, the slieepdeakr, 9 ' that the old bridge at the Little Glimmera had I been carried away. It was reported that 014 1 Man Horn, whose residence overlooked the I river, had fastened a bigger hook to a longer I pore (there was a legend extant to the eil'wt I that Old Man Horn, bad once hooked a I body from the greedy river, and after empty- I ing its pockets, had softly started it down I stream again), and was - waiting behind his 1 ricketty door, rubbing his withered hands glee- I fully. Young Barhatn rode over to Quartz- | borough to get M'Compass, the shire engineer, % to look at his new dam. Then the coach k stopped running, arid then Flash Harry, gal- I loping through' the township at night, like the I ghost rider in Goethe'a ghastly ballad, brought I tho terrible news— 'The '-floods were up, at I the Glimmera Bank and baak at the old cross- I ing place 1' ? .-??-;, I 'It ,will be here in less than an hour,' he I shouted, under Coppinger's red' lamps ; ' make I for the' high ground if 'yoa-love your lives;'1 I and so, wet, wild-eyed, and white, splashed oi I into the darkness if. haply 'he might warn the I poor folk down the river of the rushing death ? that was comingaipon-them. ' H Those who were there have told of the hot- H rors of that night. How tho muddy street, H scarce reclaimed from the river, bed, was snd- p| de.dly-fnll of startled half-dressed folk. Hor m Copuinger's was ... crowded,, to, vthe garrett. 9| How^ihe's^oblqaster d4|h'ed,flffilMtumbliii; B through the rain, to warn them at Seven ? Creeks. How bullies grew pale with' fear H and men hitherto mild of speech and modest ? of mien, grew fiery-hot with wrath of inca- ffi pacifey, and fiercely self assertive 1 in, relegating 1| topis to their place in the.bewilderr.d social §1 economy of that general Overturn. How J when ;tjie roaring flood 'came down,' bearing | huge trees, . fragments .of hduses, . grotesquely ? J terrible waifs andi strays of household furni- M ?ure, upon its yellow nod; turbid bosom, timid m women grew brave, and brave men hid their W faces, for a. while. How Old Man; Horn Raved fj two Jives (that night.: - How;. Widow Bay's ;| cottage — with J\ei- light still burning in tbe ij window sill-r-was swept offrland tiiriied miles M down stream. How -Atchy jCaiberon's hay- IB rick ,strande4,ia . the. middle of tb» 'township. ? How 'forty drowned' sheep; were .floated into K thfluppev, windows/of the BoyalJMUih - How M Ptttsy.Burns'B cradjetfwith: itamew-born ' occu- g| pant, ! suqking an luhoonaoionftv thumb, wa8 m fou^janibed.intoithebigh^of the windless || W Magby'a KUIing-yard. , Hbwtjdl'this took M H place has been told, I say, by those who were - MS: present, and needs not repeating. Bat one 11 . thing which took place shall be chronicled here. ||j ' When the terror and confusion were some Si . what stilled, and Coppinger, by dint of brandy ifi'-'and blankets, had got some strength and H§ courage into the half-naked, shivering IH . creatures clustered in his ark, a sudden ?i terrible tremor went through the crowd like H| ! an electric current In some mysterious way, Kg no one kney how originating or by what fed H ' mid fostered, men came to hear that Barham's H ' dam was breaking ! That is to say, that in H ten minutes or less all the land that lay be-. Bj .' tweon Coppingera and the river would be a B ' roaring waste of water — that in less than ten ?j : minutes the Nine Creeks Station, with all its H ? inmates, would be swept off the face of the Hj earth — that in less than ton minutes two Bj hundred square feet of water would be let H loose upon the low land near the river, and H that if Goppinger's escaped it would be a H thing to thank God for. ?I After the first sharp agony of self apprehen KM sion, one thought came to each — Miss Jane. mm ' Good God,' cries Coppingor, ' can no li l)ody get to her V Elf Two men volunteered to go. pi ' It's no good/' said the faint- hearted Biley, Pf the bully of the bar. 'The dam '11 burst W$ twice over 'fore you can reach the station.' If It was likely. Bf ' I'll go myself,' cries brave old Coppinger, [pi but his wife clung to his arm, and held him |pj bade with all the weight of her maternity. mSi ' I have it,' says Coppinger; 'Poor Jo 'U wM go. Where is he J' ? : Ki No one had seen him. Coppinger dashed Kg? down the. stairs', splashed through' the yard ?I iuto the stable. The door was open, and K J'.lnckboy, the strongest of King Cobb's horses S| v/as missing. Coppinger flashed round the ?I lantern he held. The mail boy's saddle had; H disappeared, rand faintly mingling with the H -raging wind and roaring water, died the rapid BJ strokes of a horse's feet jm x oor J o bad gone. Bl - ' H Tha house was already flooded out, and ?j thoy were sitting— so I was told — with their Bj arms round each other, not far from where Bj poor Barham's body was found, when the Bj strange, misshapen figure bestriding the huge Bj horse, splashed desperately through the water H that was once the garden. flj ' Rescue ! cried Frank, bnt.she only clung H to him the closer. Bj Poor Jo bit his lips at sight of the pair, and BJ . then, so Frank Smith averred, flung him one H bitter scowl of hate, and dropping his de ll formed body from the back of the reeking V horse, held out the bridle with a groan. B In moments of supreme danger one divines K quickly. Frank placed his betrothed upon k the saddle, and sprang up behind her. If ever K Blackboy was to prove his mettle, he must' H prove it them, for already the lightning re H vealed a thin stream of water trickling over H the surface of the dam. ? 'But what is to become of you,' cries Bj Miss Jane. ? ? Bj Poor Jo, rejecting Frank's offered hand, H took that of Miss Jane, patted it softly, and Bj let it fall. He pointed to Coppinger's red H light, and then to the black wall of the dam. Hj No man could mistake the meaning of that Bj trembling finger and those widely-opened eyes. H They said, ' Ride for your lives ! . ride 1' ?J j)lainer than the most eloquent tongue owned Bj by Schoolmaster could speak. Bj It was no time for sentiment, and for the A schoolmaster there was but one life to be saved BJ or lost that night. He drove his bare heels BJ into the good horse's sides, and qalloped down K t\ic hill. ; B ' God bless you, Jo!' cried Miss Jane. Poor B Jo smiled, and then falling on bis knees waited, B straining l.is ears to listen, It was not ten B minutes, but it seemed ten hours, when ? through the tear he heard a distant shout go ? up. They were saved. Thank God 1 And ? then the 4am burst with a roar like thunder, ? and he was whirled away amid a chaos of tree B trunks. B They found his little weak body four days H. afterwards, battered and braised almost out H of recognition ; but his great brave soul had H gone on to Judgment.: : ' : 