CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. The session of the Church of England As sembly commenced on tho 4th October, in the supper room, at the Town Hall, a large number or members attending- His Lord ship the Bishop presided, and introduced tho business with an address, as is customary. He referred to conaeciueuei s which followed the abolition of the state grant for religion. Considerable distress had resulted among the clergy, through the reduction of their stipends, and it was found that the churches which had received the largest grants were the most backward in making up the defi ciency by increased voluntary offerings. The incomes of such clergymen as had wives and families became wholly inadequate. The council of the diocese gave the matter anxious consideration, but they found them selves unable to spare any fund. The olergy could only depend on the grace of God, whereby those who were taught were led to communicate to those who taught in all good things. The fees to readers had been re duced from £50 to £40 per annum. At Trinity College, the provost's lodge was now completed, and it only remained to furnish the building. He regretted that there was a lack of funds for this work, and money had to be borrowed 'to the extent of £1500. In order to put an end to the ano maly of having canons of a cathedral with out any cathedral, the canons of the pro posed cathedral had been appointed canons of St. James's Cathedral. It was probable that a debate would arise during the ses sion on the proposal for using ohurches, under certain conditions, for other purposes than worship according to the forms of the Church of England. This proposal would be made in the course of the session, and, for his own part, he supported it, as he had Btated at the close of the last session. One urgent matter to whioh he desired to allude was the necessity of making some provision for the appointment of a successor to him self, in the event of his removal by death or otherwise ; and he trusted the assembly would not separate without placing the power of selection in some hands. It was not probable that .her Majesty would ever exercise her prerogative in the appointment of another bishop for Australia. The ex penses of the registrar's office had been re ferred to in certain quarters as suscep tible of curtailment, but he did not think it possible, to get the work done for less than the amount at present paid, £1600 a year. The attempt to do it any cheaper would utterly fail. (Applause. ) He could not, during the life of the present re gistrar, consent to do that gentleman the injustice of reducing his share of the £1600, or at all impairing the security of the income he had enjoyed for seventeen years past. Mr. A'Beckett gave up a good practice as a solicitor to take the office. The assembly, in his opinion, was preoluded from making any proposal which would seriously affeot Mr. A'Beckett, who had given his' entire atten tion to the office on the consideration that he received the whole of the fees. Neither ought the deputy-registrar to be reduced, for it must be borne in mind that he received very little more salary than he did as a mer chant's clerk seventeen years ago, when he too entered the service of the church. The reduction of marriage fees was a proposition in some way connected with that for econo mising at the registrar's office, inasmuch as' two-thirds of the fees went to that office. The marriage, fees had been reduced last session, and it would not be wise to reduce them further. Some people thought there would be more marriages under the auspices of the chu'roh' in consequence of a further reduotion, but he doubtea it. He was aware that ministers of other denominations received the entire marriage fee ; but the olergy of the Churoh of England suffered no injustice, because the practice of taking off two-thirds was the ancient one in England, and he found it existing in the diocese when he first arrived.' He knew that many clergymen, whose incomep barely sufficed for the support of their families, objected to the deduction, but he did not see how the money could be spared out of the registrar's office. In drawing to a close, his lordship alluded to the necessity of a greater supervision being ex ercised over both the religious and seoular in struotion given in the common schools of the ohuroh, and he hoped that some thing would be' done in this matter during thepresentsession. A large amount of business was trasanoted during the session, and some of it was of an important character. The consideration of the mode of electing a successor to the see was particularly so. The motions of Mr. Morris that the chapter of the proposed new cathedral should seleot the bishop, of the Rev. .0. S. Isaac son that the assembly, and of the Rev. C. T. Perks that tho counoil of tho c'iocese should soleot the bishop, were withdrawn after, some disoussion. Eventually a proposi tion by Mr. Morris was agreed to, to the effoot that a board of selection, consisting of six clergymen and six laymen, members of tho assembly, should be appointed at once, and again at the commencement of every session, to whom should be given power to nominate three clergymen for the office of bishop to the assembly, who should elect one of them by. ballot. In the event of an equality of votes, the board to nominate three others. The board would be empowered to choose clergymen of the Church of England from any part of the world. Another important question discussed at the Church Assembly had reference to the interchange of pulpits between ministers of different denominations. This question was brought forward by means of a clause which was introduced into the Trustees and Vestries Bill. This provided that the Bishop might, with, the consent of the incumbent and vestry of any parish, allow the church of that parish, to be used for other purposes than divine worship according to the forms of the Church of England. The Rev. H. H. P. Handfield moved an amendment to tho effect that the churches should, under no circumstances, be used for any other purpose than divine worship. He meant to restrict the discretion of the bishop, the incumbent, and the vestry, to this. He further moved that the divine worship Hhould be according to the faith in God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. John Potter viewed the proposal with fear, as to the probable effects of introducing such an innovation. At the same time, he wished to say that he alw.ays re garded clergymen of other Christian de nominations as fellow laborers. He believed that a proposal was to be brought forward for limiting the operation of the clauso to the Presbyterian denomination ; but it seemed to him that, if a relaxation were determined on at all, preference should be given to the Wesleyan denomination. They were kindred, in a manner, and stood in the position of children to a parent, although, so to speak, degraded by expulsion. Mr. Justice Moles worth considered that the whole state of things in this colony, in the matter of church building, was most sur prising. While all the churches complained of irapecuniosity, each must have its separate building, to be used only for four hours every {Sunday. He could not understand what pollution a church suffered by the allowance of a Presbyterian, Wesleyan, or other form of service in it. He wondered how the members of the Church Assembly who opposed the proposal now brought for ward, consented to hold their meeting in the supper-room of the town hall, a place used for all sorts of purposes. Mr. Hand field's amendment was open to a very serious ob jection. Its aim seemed to be the exclu sion of Unitarians, but in making such a restriction on the left hand, the necessity for any_ on the right was wholly overlooked. Unitarians were to be excluded, but Mr. Handfield's amendment would not prevent the granting of the church to members of the Roman Catholic persuasion. (Hear, hear, and laughter). The Dean of Melbourne moved, as a further amendment, that the bishop, incumbent, and vestry should only be allowed ? to grant the use of the church to the Pres byterian denomination. The reason he made the exception was because the Pres byterian body had a Confession of .Faith. ' The Bishop supported the clause as origin all v proposed. Rev. R. Potter and Roy... Mr. Fulford thought there was no necessity for altering the law. Dr. Boake did not like to see any alteration made, but, if it were de termined on, the dean's proposal should be accepted. The Presbyterian Confession of Faith was identical, on all impor tant points, with the tenets of the Church of England ; but Wesleyans held ? some dangerous doctrines — for instance, that of perfectibility. Mr. G. W. Rusdeh opposed the allowance, under any circum stances, of other denominations to worship in consecrated edifices of the Church of -Eng- land. If the thing was to be done, the simple way of doing it would be by leaving all the churohbs unconsecrated. The clause, as originally proposed, was carried by 38 to 18 ; there being 20 of the clergy in the ma jority, and 10 in the minority. The session was brought to a conclusion on 17th Oct. The Bishop, beforeproroguingtheas sembly, delivered a short address. He compli mented the members upon the manner in whioh they had conducted the business, and defended the olergy from a charge of preach ing rather than arguing in the debates. He reviewed the business done 'during the ses sion, and expressed his gratification at the mode of electing his successor having been at last decided upon. He denied having any intention of resigning the see — a statement whioh was, received with loud applause. He acknowledged that the work of the diocese was becoming almost too heavy for him to transaot, and hoped that arrangements for dividing the see would shortly be made. In conclusion, he referred to the mode in whioh money -was sometimes raised for ohuroh pur poses. Complaints had been made respect ing it, and in some instances he believed justly. He intended at the next session to induce some member to bring forward a re.- ' solution as to the limits within which the olergy and lay officers of a ohuroh might de vise methods of raising money. That would give an opportunity to the assembly to express an opinion on the point. 