MODERN SPIRITISM. No. VI. THE PHENOMENA OF SPIRITISM. It is a notable fact that the physical manifestations as a part of Spiritism have progressed to a far greater extent than either its creed or want of creed. Table rapping or table-turning are so familiar to everybody that I do not stay to take up time in speaking of what everybody knows, but .pass, on to call attention to some phenomena perhaps not quite so familiar. Here let me remark, however, that in America a cry has arisen lately to abolish all such “ crude stuff,” as one Spiritist terms it. Some object to it alto gether, whilst others state that such mani festations are “Hadean,” and as such should be done away with. Whilst in Boston I heard several , Spiritists speak in strong terms in condemnation of what one gentleman called “ this rubbish.” This fact is well worthy of notice, for by raps many have been converted,- and it was by raps “ God’s greatest gift to man” revealed itself. Passing over, therefore, the table-rapping, table-turning, bell- ringing, accordion playing, cord untying, and leg pinching phenomena, I go on to several points that I think—perhaps mis takenly—are not so well known outside of those who have taken a special interest in this matter. Begin ning with one class of facts, ponder over the following —“I can .solemnly affirm I have heard him (the medium) correctly quote the Hebrew language in his lectures, and display a knowledge of geology which would have been astonishing in a person of his age, even if he had devoted years to the study. Yet to neither had he ever devoted a yearis application in his life. He has discussed, with most signal ability, the profoiindest questions of historical and Biblical archieology, of mythology, of the origin and affinity of language. . . The results announced would do honor to any scholar of the age, even if in reaching them he had access to all the libraries in Christen dom.”—(Prof. Bush.) Media are not confined to time or place. “ Yesterday I had a trans-Atlantic observa tion. Saw many places and persons of renown. I penetrated the shadowy walls, and had a peep at Wil liam and Mary Howitt, &c.;”—(A. J. Davis.) It has ever seemed a difficulty that ghosts appeared in sheets, &c.;, or as one puts it “ I might believe in the ghestof my grandmother, but can l believe in the ghost of her night-shirt? or am I 'to believe in the im mortality of drowned uncle’s pea-jacket?” To get over this difficulty some of the Spiritists, have broached a theory of a “ vital photograph in the spirit world,” but the theory is surrounded by a few difficulties. One thing, however, is certain, Spiritists believe in some sort of actual bodily clothing for the spirit; some sort of refined, material body in which the spirit may come, and, although not Hibernians, yet speak of the spirits as invisibles. Hear the theory of this bodily appearance:—“Wo have also been enabled in our experiments of late to establish the fact, that' our spirit friends, whose subtle forms are beyond the reach of our bands and eyes, ate sometimes able mo mentarily to clothe themselves or part of their forms, such as hands, heads, &c.;, with the grosser particles that abound in bur air, disintegrated and disentangled from the forms they recently composed a part of, and, during, this momentary recovery of their spirit bands or forms, to enable us to see and even to touch them, and sometimes even to hear them speak to us, though usually in a whisper. The recent great abundance of matter thrown out into the air by the rapid decay of the victims of the war (in America) has already sup plied in greater abundance than before the necessary materia], and such manifestations have accordingly increased and will no doubt much more to come.”—(Warren Chase.) In plainer words this means that the putrescent matter from the dead sol diers forms part of a body by which spirits may reveal themselves—that of which we are conscious of only as stench becomes the spiritualised body of the de parted. A noble theory, truly. The wonders of Spiritism, go on, however —they “ heap Pelion upon Ossa.” We have the extraordinary phenomena of sub stances being conveyed thro’ugh solid matter without there being auy trace of the operation ! For instance, in one circle a lady wishes for her pet lapdog, said dog being three miles off at the time, and in a few minutes she screamed with surprise at finding the dog by her side. The animal, it is added, was greatly ex cited all night afterwards, and no wonder.—( Reliyio - Philosophical Journal.) This fact is astonishing, but there is more astonishing to follow : —“ A Mrs Guppy (let us trust she will get another name in the Summerland) was carried four miles in the air and suddenly let down from the ceiling into the midst of a Spiritist circ]e in London. She was quite unconscious, and when she recovered stated that she had been making some entries when she suddenly be came insensible, and knew nothing till she found herself in the circle.”—(Medium and Daybreak.) On another occasion this same, lady “ saw what appeared to be a large black bundle descending from tho ceil ing.” This turned out to be a Mr Home, who “had been carried by spirit-power a distance of two miles.” They then “ at once made a thorough search to see if by any means Mr Homo could have gained access. They found, however, three doors shut, and securely fastened, through which any person would have had to pass to gain tho inside of the house.”—(Medium and Daybreak.) One is now prepared to believe any thing, and to listen without a smile to the following: —“ One cannot avoid speculating upon how a solid object is made to pass through a solid surface. It seems that the spirit en rapport with the medium brings the solid surface or wall under the influence of tho negative magnetism of the medium, and envelops the object to be moved through it with its own posi tive magnetism, and then by will brings it into the medium’s sphere, the particles of the wall reinstating themselves like the particles of water do on rapidly drawing a stick through it.”—( lt. P. Journal.) Let us, however, go on. “ At a circle recently hold in London some remarkable manifestations were given. At the mental request of different parties, twelve dif ferent kinds of fruit were brought and given to them. Among them was a water-melon weighing four pounds. This was afterwards cut in pieces by the invisibles, and the pieces taken to the different parties in the room. What they cut tho melon with remains a mystery.” I should say it did! Note the extraordinary fact that this was done at the “ mental” request of the parties. The spirits, it seems, know our thoughts as well as our actions. There are, however, somo more marvels still left. “ Some years ago a lady in St. Louis, a female medium, was struck dumb, and remained dumb two weeks, owing to certain manifestations that had been given forth against her becoming a medium by her husband. At another time a lawyer in the audience was struck dumb and remained so for somo hours.”— (Thomas Gales Forster.) This shows that the spirits have power over tho bodies of those who displease them, and a notable point this is to establish. We have, however, other marvels still, and so press on to iparu the astonishing fact that the spirits draw and paiftfc through the media, producing works (if “ consummate ability” on the one hand, done in ipi “ incredibly short space of time” on the other, Paintings, it ’ seems, that would take “days am} often weeks,” can be done under spirit guidance in two or three hours. These pain tings, &c.;, are lauded to the skies in the Spiritist journals as marvels of art, but, having had the privi lege of seeing a great number of them in Boston and Chicago, I may simply say that nine-tenths are tho veriest daubs, whilst the remainder do not rise above mediocrity. To assert, as some havo done, that these pictures equal the productions of the old masters, is to prove the assertor totally ignorant of what he speaks of. Wonderful, however, as it would be if spirits used the media to produce paintings in exceed ing quick time, it is as nothing compared to the asser tion that the spirits give portraits of themselves os they exist in the spirit world! It is indeed a comment on the depths to which human credulity will descend when we find that quite a business is being established in some of the Northern States in “ .spirit photography.” They profess to give you the exact appearance of your departed parent, wife, child, or friend, but of course they appear <‘ghadowy” in comparison to the photographs of prdiii?ry terrestrial operators. In some, however, features art said to be “Just as they were” when the “ darling children " left tho oarth. This, how ever is totally in contradiction of what we are told at other tf»es, namely, that the spiritual body of the child deyelopes exactly as if it had been living hero and attains its manhood or womanhood phy sically in the same manner as on earth. I have no doubt, however, but that spirit photography will bo an article of faith with many media so Jong as credulous people wifi pay for the photographs. Passing on to other matters, I find an authority vouches for the following phenomena;—lst. Smelling—Being sick, ha “ perceived an odor of a pe culiar kind, pungent, but not ungrateful. . . In a short time it operated both ns a cathartic and emetic, Ond I was speedily relieved of my illness,” The spirits have done marvellous things in the way of cures. They .have cured every form of disease (so say the Spiritists) by the mere imposition of hands. C.ises given up by the old school doctors are treated by the media with tho greatest success and in the shortest apace of time. (It is an eminently' American feature in this system that whether it be painting a picture or healing disease, they always lay- stress on the short time it took.) 2nd. Tasting—Being again unwell, tho same authority tells ns that the spirits took a bottle of water and medicated it for him, giving it “a peculiar taste as of gas or vapor.” 3rd. Feeling— He has felt “ a hand gently laid on my head and then two or three touches on my side;” at other times ho heard “ the sound of a slap distinctly;” at other times he “ was held fast with a force superior to any that mortal ’hand could exert. . . Twice I have felt a human hand on my skin. ■ On one of these occasions the touch was cold but not clammy, and on tho other it was warm, soft, and ilosh-like.” 4th. Hearing—“l heard them (the spirits) on a railroad car; oh the floor in an eating-house; on a door high above our reach, &c.;, &c.; Sometimes they spoke a sentence.” sth. Seeing “Seeing media have described tho spirits present, bo that they have been recognised.... I have myself occasionally that power, and 1 mention, as an illustration, that a young man unknown to mo was once at my house, and I saw the spirits present, and from my description he recognised one whom I had never seen or heard-of before.” This emphatically implies , some sort of body. 6 th, and, perhaps, more marvellous than all,’ speaking in various tongues—“ I am informed of a • medium, by the name of H. Davis, who speaks almost (and I do not know but} all languages that are spoken in this age of the world.” “ Through J. B. Mansfield, of Boston, communications have been given in the Chinese, Greek, Latin, Italian, German, Gaelic, Hebrew, French, and Spanish languages." A whole host more are given who per form this feat, but there is one contradiction (as usual) very puzzling, namely, some assert the spirits take possession of them so that they have no consciousness of what they are saying, others, it appears, are quite conscious. In other cases languages are spoken that are perfectly unknown to anyone.—(Judge Ed mond’s Philosophy of Spiritualism.) Another autho rity tells us that thespiritsdescribeda robbery, the thief, his dross and appearance, and where he lived. Per haps, however,'the most notable of the Spiritist as sumptions (one can hardly say phenomena) is that of prophecy. Ido not quote here,, for the quotations might be endless, suffice it, therefore, to say that Spiritism l assumes to know the future, and to foretell coming events. In this, as in almost all else, some Spiritists are found denying this,and thus inferentially classing their coadjutors either as impostors or de luded The great majority, however, hold to the be lief in prophecy, and affirm they, have foretold certain great events, the most notable of which was the American war. Indeed, there is a large class of Spi ritists who advertise in their Journals that they will —in consideration of a certain number of dol lars foretell , the leading events of the fu ture, ns well as describe the incidents of the past. It is somewhat remarkable that Spiritists claim to work out their own salvation, &c.;, and yet pretend to this gift of prophecy, which fixes rigidly a predestined path, and makes fore-ordination a cer tainty. I cannot, however, dwell on this, as I find I havo taken up all my allotted space. I could name many other “ phenomena” remarkably startling, such as jiaper being found wet with a spirit’s tears, or im mense arms being seen bigger than a man’s body, hut I think I have quoted enough. The gift of the pro foundest knowledge of the sciences, of speaking many languages, of explaining the deepest problems in his tory, philology, and literature to those who are un learned; the ability to pass over the Atlantic, or visit any quarter of the globe at any hour; to raise im mense weights; to cure diseases the most deep-rooted • effectually and at once; to see the forms of the de parted and photograph them accurately; to bring animals or men and women from a distance through the air; to take a solid material body through a wall and leave no mark; to have fruit served out ready cut at a mere mental request; to strike dumb because of want of faith in Spiritism; to paint splendid pic tures in the shortest space of time; to be held by an irresistible force; but, above all, to prophesy and foretell the future:—such are some of the chief claims of Spiritists—such are some of the facts they relate. The greatest discovery in science fades into insignifi cance compared to Spiritism if only half these things be true. 