N:THE STORY-TELLER. IN LIFE AND IN DEATH: A PAGE OF FAMILY HISTORY. HIAp.TEnt III. Ten years since Helen Fortescue, poor and handsome, was changed into Helen, Countess of Daintry, rich and powerful. Ten years since Phillip Conway was lifted, dead, out of the bride's path. Nearly ten years since Gaysborough passed into the hands of strangers, and the story of that ill-omined wedding- day began to fade among thei other traditions of the " old family." "But in a distant country Lady Dain try shone as a star and reigned as a queen. No one had yet begun to say that the star was paling, the queen losing her inherent right or power of ruling.. The Earl was her fi.st subject--no more. Over him, and over the rest of the world, nhe maintained her ascendency by two forces, distinct but allied-her beauty and her will. As for her beauty, it had not waned by so much as a shade. It had shone out, after her brilliant mar riage, in the most wonderful perfection-- a beauty not only above question, but above criticism-imperial, absolute. She might have been a beggar-maid or a liing'a daughter---penple soon ceased to trouble themselves with her antecedents; phe made her beausty serve for family, fortune, and training, Thus she gained her throne; having. gained it, her Will kept it-. And now that she had been so: ong a ,successful woman, one class of persons alone spoke evil of her. To .her maids she was no divinity. There were enough of them ; for she seldom kept one about her more than a few months, and they all went away in the same mind. "t She has an awful temper," they said, " and seems as if she never.could be quiet for a minute. All the mo;ey in-England would iot pay one to face her, as she looks some times." One other strange thing was known about her. Shie had consulted-no one knew on what subject--a certain clairvoy ant, or dealer in supernatural mysteries, and had, moreover, been observed to change colour when the subject was named, and to shudder involuntarily when disbelief in it was asserted iin her presenice. That she herself did believe in things, not dreamed of in philosophy, was the consequent opinion of her friends but it was a matter on which shE refused to speak. It-was the Earl's pleasure as well as hers that their house in Blankshire should be a hospitable one. They spent most of the year there, and they were never alone. No matter how unpromising the season, they had always a paity, and al most always it was both large and gay. There were perpetual morning and even ing amusements, a continual ebb and flow of dinner-guests, and everything to make a dinner-invitation worth accept ing. Perhaps this was the aspect of the case which presented itself most vividly to the masculine minds of the neighbour hood. A fine house, a pleasant host, a beautiful hostess, a faultless dinner, and wines not to be equalled in the country, every man could appreciate these; every man accordingly prized the Conntess's invitations. One of these invitations was the subject of a little discussion one evening. It had been sent to Ralph Murchison, a young squire of the neighbourhood, and he, going to his letter-case to find something else, had just pulled it out and tossed it to his friend and guest Captain Conway. *' It includes you," he said, "all right. I was over their playing croquet yester day, and took an opportunity of telling the Countess I expected you. Before I came away she begged me to bring you with me to-morrow, which I promised. So you. are booked," "I don't believe there's a soul.I know there," Conway answered, twisting the note round his fingers., "More bhame for you, then. There's the jolliest people in England always there, and it's the.jolliest house to meet them at." " Lady Daintry can't be very young," Conway said, irreverently, after a little pause, and through a cloud of smoke. Ralph went off into a fit of laughter. " By Jove ! it is easy enough to see that you have, never seen her ! The bare idea of talking of a woman like that not being very young !" "Well, upon my word, I don't see the joke." " Why, man, she is scarcely a woman at all-she is a goddess ! Do you sup pose that because when we were small boys in Lower Fourthr at Eton she was turning the heads of all London, there fore she can't turn any noow ? If you do, you are considerably mistaken. By Jove, there is not another woman in England to compare to her." "I'll tell you my opinion to-morrw night." " Oh, I know it beforehand. You can't help yourself, But, do you- know, 1 had a kind of half idea, that she and you must be related ?" " Had you ? So we are-distantly." " Explain it, old fellow. I only wish I could make her out a cousin of mine." Conway knocked the ashes off his cigar, stretched himself comfortably back in his chair, blew a whiff lazily, and then answered, in a provokingly deliberate manner brt e n the puffs, " Her great grandmother and my grandmother were, sisters." "9Is that humbug ?" - ": No; truth." "You seem to be" pretty well up in the relationship after all ?" " Ye, I am. Don't you know that I was brought up by a maiden aiut ?" "And she made you learn your genealogy ?" "Not exactly. -I remember that par ticular felationshsp for a particular reason," " What was that?". *" " Can't you let a follow smoke in peace ?" ' Not if peace means silence; I had enough of that before you came. Go on." " I remember it because I found vari oneu allusions to it in some papers which belonged to Philip, my elder brother." " Never knew you had a brother." ago ; about that time you wore spodking of wihen we were in Lower Fourth." " He must have been a great deal older thau you." " Fourteen or fifteen years. ie was my half-brother, and I scarcely ever saw him. He was my guardian, however, the little time he lived, and a good one too." '.Did he know Lady Daintry ?" "Helen Fortescue she was then. He could not very well help k?owing her, for they lived in the same house, " How was that ?" "Philip was secretary to old Gays borough of Gaysborough, who was a distant relation of ours, and who had married an aunt of your friend's. She, I suppose, was an orphan-at any rate she lived with her aunt, and married from there." "' Well?" " Well, that's all. Poor Phillip died there--died suddenly of heart disease, and what few papers and so on he left went to my aunt's, where on her death I found them. There were notes and memoranda, and Miss Fortescue was sometimes mentioned." " I shall introduce you as a cousin." "As you please ; but I think it would be as well not." Their talk rambled off after that to other subjects, and never caame back to the relationship between the beautiful Countess and the young soldier until the two friends were driving to that dinner party which they had discussed over thier cigars. * " Well, Charlie, " Murchison then said, (' will you go in for cousinsblip or not ?" "Not-~-at any rate not at present ; so please keep quiet on the subject." " As you like. Here we are." They were all but late. So near it, indeed, that Conway had but one mo mentary glimpse of Lady Daintryas she received them before' dinner :was an nounced. He founnd himself,' however, at no great distance from her at table, and Murchison smiled to himself as he. saw his friend's eyes turn instantly to wards her. " Ah," he thought, slily, ('he'll be glad enough by-and-by to claim 'kin dred." But as dinner progressed, Conwav. still looked at the Countess, He said nothing to the lady beside him-he put away the dishes that were offered him-- he did nothing but stare fixedly at his hostess. Again and again his introducer glanced across the table at him i- with surprise and displeasure he noticed this e:traordi nary behaviour, and tried to attract his attention. No efforts were of the least use, Conway, when spoken to, either answered shortly or not at all--when merely looked at, remained evidently un conscious of the look. One after another the people who sat near seemed to be come aware of something singular in his demeanour; the Countess alone paid no heed to it, Perhaps she was too much accustomed to admiration to be discom posed by the regard of a stranger-and yet the one now fixed on her might have been embarassing from the very fact that it was not admiring. What did it ex press ? Fear ? surprize ? incredulity ? horror ? All these, perhaps -- nothing less strange and misplaced. "What the deuce does the fellow, mean? Murchison thought to himself" uneasily. "Has lie gone mad all at once ? or what is it? Everybody is be. ginning to notice him. Won't I give him a blowing up when I get hold of him !" But as the long ceremony of dinner progressed, Ralph grew more and more uncomfortable. He saw that the in fluence of his friend's silence and strange behaviour was making itself felt-it seemed at last even to reach the Coun tess. She still talked with her usual grace to those beside her; but she grew slightly paler, and once looked for a moment steadily at Conway. Murchison, watching anxiously, was struck by the fact that, while her eyes evidently rested for that moment on the young soldier's face, his did not change or falter as if he met her glance, but rather seemed to look over or beyond her. She continued her conversation and he his gaze. At last, when dinner seemed to have lasted twice the ordinary time, Lady Daintry rose. .The moment the ladies had passed out, and the door was shut, Conway turned to the gentleman next him, and in a voice full of horror asked, " Did you see it ?" " See what ?" the other returned, and Ralph leaned across the table to listen. " The figure that stood behind the Countess-a tall man, who mimicked everything she did. The stranger drew a little further away; he evidently thought his neigh bour was mad; and Ralph, coming round, took the empty place. "Did you see it?" " I saw you behaving as if you were out of your senses. What on earth did it all mean ?" S"I don't know-except this. As we sat down to table there came a-a thing -and stood behind Lady Daiutry's chair. It seemed to come with her into the room, It stood there the whole time, now on one side and now on the other. Whatever she did, it did; and it followed her away just now." He shuddered, and Murchison shud dered too. There could be no doubt that he believed he had seen this-thing. " But what was it like ?" " Like the shadow of a man-if it .was like anything. A shadow having sub stance, if you can understand that." "I daresay it was a shadow." "Look at the place where it stood. The light is full, bright, equally diffused. io shadow could be there." " Imagination, then." "As you will; only never ask me to sit in the room with it again." Murchison paused for a moment. He tried to persuade himself that Conway was practising a foolish hoax-that hle had too much wine- even that this might be the first illusion of a .coming fever. But none of these theories would stand. "Conway was of a cool, insouciant tem per, not the least given to practical jokes ; he had not swallowed a single glass of wine; and he had not the faintest sign of physical illness about him. What he did show were strong, unmistakable symp toms of horror, and of perfect good faith. Yet it tnight have been some fantastic effect of light and shade; and if so, it would certainly not reappear in the drawing-room. " Come," he said, "let us go and join the ladies. If it was a shadow it will stay here." "It is no use. And, to tell the truth, I shall be glad to get out of: the house. Make some excuse for me-there's a good'fellow." " And let you go away with the idea that you have seen a ghost? I thought you had more pluck. " Look here, Ralph, it is no use talk ing in that way. I say nothing about ghosts. I only say that I have seen and I don't know why you should not have seen too-what I described to you. If I saw it again ever so often it would make no difference to me, except that it is uncanny-more than that, hoirible to see it standing there mocking every thing she does. He shuddered. "And I suppose you don't entertain any idea of trying to lay the ghost, as you call it. I doubt whether the Countess would thank you,l" " The Countess ? Do you imagine she has any consciousness of it ?" " How can I tell? All I know, you know." "Very well, then come into the draw ing-room and try to find out something more." He was obstinate, being fairly devided now bet ween belief and unbelief; and Conway was obliged to yield. There were about a dosen ladies, young and old, in the room when they entered. Lady Daintry was sitting on a sofa talk ing to a dowager in black velvet and diamonds. They were a curious contrast \--one old, wrinkled, and shrivelled, gorgeous in black and scarlet and flashing light; the othei' in the very perfection of beauty, in a rich and quaint dress of pure white.. But behind them, standing so that the Countess's golden hair seemed to touch its breast, stood the dark shladow.- Conway told Ralph by. a look thliit it was there. They separated immediately, and Con way foundt himself near the 1idy he had taken in to dinner: Shle was, the only person with whom he had the slightest link of acquaintance, and she, after his neglect, was not disposed to be very gra cious. He turned his back upon that sofa, and applied himself to being civil to her. B3ut it was a task beyond his power. He felt himself drawn back irresistibly to look at the Countess. Other men had now come .in, and she had left her seat; but wherever she went the shadow fol lowed her, moving, as she moved, and keeping always so near that it seemed as if she had but to put out her hand and touch it. Seeing this, Conway soon ceased to be able to see anything else. He found a quiet corner and pretended t6 look at some photographs, but his eyes continually followed the spectre. Once Murchison came to him. 'Well," he said, " is it there still?" " It stands in the corner, between her and the piano. There, that girl who is going to play almost touched it !" As Ralph strained his eyes following the direction of Conway, he became aware that Laidy Daintry was watching them both. She moved abruptly from the place where she stood, and cast a rapid, almost imperceptible, glance back ward over her shoulder. He fancied he saw her lip quiver and her colour change. Next moment, however she deliberately crossed the room and coming up to Con way, spoke to him. It was only a some question or remark about those photographs which he had n6t lookedat; but while she spoke, and he answered, a curious scrutiny was going on. his looks, instead of resting on her face, went past her to the thing standing close behind; hers seemed to express suspicion, distrust, uncertainty. Her words were very sweet and gracious, her voice soft and unconstrained.; but 4Murchinson said to himself, " Does she know of it ? Does she fear anything ? Is it real after all ?" Then he became aware that the Countess had asked a question to which Conway gave no answer. She stood waiting, the expression of her face deepening into an indescribable mixture of'pride and terror, as he, bending a little forward, was wholly absorbed in the discovery, as it seemed, of some re velation." Murchison made a step for ward. The Countess turned suddenly away, pale as ashes, and Conway drew a deep breath of relief and turned to his friend. "Ialph," he said, "I must go. Hea ven knows why I should be the only person to know her secret, but I can't stay here longer and keep it. Are you ready ?" " What was the matter just now ?" " What could possess her to come and talk to me ? I told you there seemed to be a dark mist about its head. Well, while she spoke, it leaned over her shoulder and the mist seemed to open. I could see its face almost distinctly." " What is it like ?" "A corpse! The features set and pinched and white-that was all I could make out." " She suspects something. Come, we had better go." They moved slowly towards the door, Murchison stopping here and there to speak to an acquaintance as he passed. But at the last moment he again turned to Conway. " Look once more," he said; and as he spoke he felt himself shudder, for the horror of the vision had begun to infect him. "Take one last deliberate look at her, and don't carry away any fancies.'.' Conway obeyed. He glanced round the room in search of the Countess. She was quite at the further end," and had her hand on the handle of a door, as if going out; but at the moment when the two friends paused, looking at her,. some one spoke to her, and she turned from the door to reply. Murchison just perceived this, and then, prying into Con way's face to discover what he saw, took alarm at the awful pallor which crept over it, and drew him quickly out into the hall. " For heaven's sake, what was it ?" For a moment Conway seemed unable to answer. His lips were white and stiff,' hs hlands trembled, and he grasped his friend's arm to support himself. "'The. miist was almost gone from about it," he said at last. "It is a corpse, long dead, decaying, livid, phos p!Orescent-I don't know what to say it, gliummers- it has shreds of a shroud hanging about it. Oh, it is horrible i! horrible !" He trembled convulsively. Murchi son's own nerves thrilled. " Come into the dining-room a min ute," he said; " there are two or three men there yet, and then we'll be off." They went in. It was still early, and the host sat patiently waiting the ending of a political argument. Three or four of the guests were absorbed in it; they formed a little group at one end of the table. The rest of the room was empty. The two young men, after exchanging a word or two with the Earl, sat down apart, and Murchison asked, " You saw it more clearly then ?" " Yes, quite clearly. Don't ask about it now. I'll answer all your questions after." " Better do it now. It is either fancy, or else the most awful visitation that ever mortal was subject to." "Fancy! I tell you it is no fancy. You saw her take her hand off the han dle of the door when that girl spoke to her ? Well, the-the thing put its hor rible hand on the handle as if to open the door, and its. other arm was round her not close, not absolutely holding her, but malking as if it would open the door and draw her into the next room. But the horror was, that it loosed the handle, and raised its arm, as.I looked, and looked at me and beckoned 1" Their talk was suddenly interrupted. A shriek, ringing through the house and broke it off. Doors opened and shut in all directions; and the whole party, rushing into the hall, found hurry ing widely about, and the Countess's French maid screaming and exclaim ing. in"My lady! my lady! She is dying -she is dead-she is poisoned! Mal-. heureuse que je sais !" Strugghlig on with the crowd, the two friends reached the door of a small draw ing-room opening from the larger one. In a low chair, near the fire, sat the Countess, her eyes closed, her face white and rigid. A coffee-cup had fallen from her hand, and lay broken on the floor a stream of the dark liquid marked her rich white dress. Besidd her, on a table, was a small case, and the room was of a subtle deadly odour. As the bolder and more intimate visi tors gathered round, following the Earl, Conway laid his hand on Murchison's shoulder. " There it is !" he said, "' close beside her, bending down. It puts its arms round her.' The rigid figure, so still in the midst of the terrified excitement, snddenly moved. The Countess opened her eyes. She turned her head slowly, as if looking for some one close at her side. "At last, Phillip!" she said, :dis tinctly, and died. . Concluded from our last.) The following is the full text of the Elementary Education Bill, introduced by the Governmenct - A Bill intituled an Act to provide for Public Elementary Education, and to encourage volun tary efforts in support of Schools. 1\. This Act may be cited as " The Elemen tary Education Act, 1871." 2\. In this" Act: The term "-parentC' in cludes guardian, and every person who is liable to maintain or has the actual custody of any child. The term " elementary school" means a school or department of a school at which ele mentary education is the principal part of the education there given, and does not include alny school or department of a school at which the ordinary payments in respect of the instruction, from each scholar, exceed pence a week. The term " district" means any locality from time to time designated and defined as such for the purposes of this Act by the Central Board of Education hereinafter mentioned, and, in the absence of such specially defined locality, shall mean any locality generally known as a Resi dent Magistrate's or lolice Magistrate's dis& trict. 3\. For the purposesof tlis Act there shall be a Board, to' be called " The Central Board of Education," and such board shall consist of four, of whom the Colonial Secretary for the time being, or such other person as the Gover nor shall appoint, shall be one, and shall be the chairman thereof ; and three persons shall be elected, in manner provided by this Act, by the persons whose names shall be on the electoral roll, hereinafter described, for the time being. 4, Such three members as aforesaid shall be electedby persons who, having resided in the Colony for a period of at least six months, have their names on the electoral roll for the election of members of the Legislative Council ; and in the event of an educational rate or tax hereafter imposed, then also by all persons paying such rate or tax ; and the presentation of a certificate from a Collector of taxes countersigned by a Justice of the Peace, setting forth the due pay ment of such rate or tax, shall be a sufficient warrant for the insertion of the names of such persons in a further educational roll to be kept for that purpose ; and it is further provided that upon presentation of a certilfcate that any child has attended days in one year, then immediately preceeding, at any school consisting of more than twelve pupils, such certificate to be signed by the manager or master of such school and countersigned by a Justicie of the Peace, the name of the parent of such child shall be entered on such further roll, and such parent shall thereupon be entitled to vote at the election of members of the board. 5\. It shall be lawful for the Governor in Council to appoint returning officers, clerks, and scrutineers for the purposes of the elections; and to make such regulations as may seem fit for the revision and custody of such further electoral roll, and for the conduct and manage-. ment of elections; Provided, always, that a copy of such regulations be laid on the table of the Legislative Council within ten days after the commencement of the then next Session of the said Council. 6\. At every such election and also at every election of a district board of education'hereinafter mentioned, ever voter shall be en titled to a number of votes equal to the number of the members ofthe board to be elected,and may give all such votes to one can didate, or may distribute them among the can didates, ashe thinks fit ; and such votes may be given by proxy papers in the same manner as at elections for members of the Legislative Coun cil. 7\. Every person who shall have attained the age of twenty-one years, being a natural born subject or a naturalized subject of Her Majesty, and who in rio pait of the British dominions hath been convicted of any treason or felony, unless he shall have obtained a free pardon thereof, shall be qualifiea to serve as a mem ber of any board under this Act. 8\. The name of every intending candidate shall be sent under cover to the Colonial Secre tary or other the official member of the Central Board, at least two months before the day of the election, and the same shall be published in the Governmneat Gacette at least six times before such day of election. 9\. It shall be lawful for the Central Board of Education : 1\. To exercise a general supervision over all schools receiving Government Aid in secular in struction only, and a more special direction over purely Government schools, and to appoint and instruct an Inspector of Schools. 2\. To appoint all necessary officers, includ ing the teachers required for the purely Govern ment scho ?s, to hold office during the pleasure of the Board, and to assign them such salaries or remuneration as they think fit, and from time to time to remove any of such officers ; subject, however, to the general rules of the Public Ser vice, and to any special engagements entered into-with any of the persons employed. 3\. To make by-laws and regulations, subject to the provisions and restrictions herein con tained. 4\. To apportion and distribute suchfunds as may from time to tims be provided and set apart for educational purposes by the Legislature, subject to the conditions of such grants and the provisions herein contained. 5\. To consider and determine upon the re. commendations of the local boards, and to com munieate with them generally upon the educa tionalrequirements of their districts. 6\. - To decide on all matters counnected with the erection of school-houses ; the establishment of new schools in such localities as may be re quired, and wherein suitable and efficient pro vision is not otherwise made; of new and addir tional educational districts ; of districts Boards; and of the endowment of schools under the provisions herein contained, or such as here after may be enacted. 7\. To fix a scale of fees to he paid and re, ceived for the attendance of children in purely Government schools; provided, always, that uclh fees be not exacted in cases where the child or its parent, through absolute poverty, is unable to pay, 10\. The Inspector of Schools shall from time to time at convenient periods, under the instruc. on of the Central Board, examine and inspect 11 schools, both Government and assisted, in secular educationonly ; and shall report upon the condition and the character of the secular instruction given in such schools. 11\. The Central Board shall receive reports and collect statistical information, and shall in each and every half year make a full report to the Governor, who shall lay the same before the Legislative Council at its next ensuing Session. 12\. It nhall be lawful for any member of the Central Board to resign, by letter addressed to the Governor. 13\. The elected members, whether of the Central or of a District Board, shall hold their seats for a term of three years, when a new election shall take place, but retiring members shall be eligible for re-election. Provided that if any member be convicted of felony, or sen tenced to imprisonment for any misdemeanour. or become bankrupt, or be absent from the Co lony for the term of six months, the seat of any such member shall thereupon become vacant and such member shall not be eligible for re-elec tion. 14 There shall be a district board of educa tior. in each educational district now existing or which may hereafter be constituted. 15\. Each district board shall consist of three members who shall be elected in the manner hereinbefore prescribed. Provided that no per son shall be allowed to vote at any district elec tion who does not habitually resiue in such dis trict. 16.. Should the electors of any educational district fail to elect a board, the Central Board shall nomin ate and appoint the members of such board. 17\. It shall be the duty of district boards, subject always to the instruction of the Central Board, vigilantly to mnpect and supervise within the district all Government schools and all schools receiving aid in matters of secular in struction; and in all such matters freely to com municate with the Central Board, forwarding from time to time all such recommendations and suggestions as may be deemed beneficial for such schools. 18\. It shall be lawful for members of any district board to resign by letter to the chairman of the Central Educational Board. 19\. .All elementary schools hitherto estab, lished, or thatmay hereafter be established by' Government under the provisions of this Act, shall be called Government schools.' 20\. They shall be supported out of a portion of the Government grant, not exceeding on the whole the sum of per head on children above the age of five years and under the age of seventeen, who have attended such schools not less than days in any one year. 21\. They shall receive a proportion of the public grant (if any) for books, maps, and other school appliances, not exceeding on. the whole the sum of per head on the average at tendance of children above the age of five years and under the age of seventeen, and such annual sum as may be votedfor repairsof buildings or construction of new ones. 22\. The instruction given by Government teachers in Government schools during school hours shall be purely secular; and no books shall be used or questions or subjects liable to involve religious controversy shall be admitted within such hours ; but the Central Board, hav ing considered recommendations of the district board. will fix such times as may be most con venient before or after school houirs, or both, when religious instruction may be given by teacheas or by ministers of religion or by other approved persons; Provided, always, that a register shall be kept, in which shall be entered the religious denomination of each child, and that no minister, teacher, or visitor shall give religious instruction to or in presence of any childregistered or known as of a different re ligious denomination. And it is further hereby enacted that no child shall be invited or per. mitted to attend any religious instruction, read ing, prayer, or service, should his parent object to such attendance. 23\. All schools founded by voluntary efforts, not belonging to Government, but receiving Go vernment aid, shall be called " assisted schools." 24\. Any elementary school may receive Go vernment aid : provided always: i. That such grants-in-aid shall be made in respect of any instruction on religious subjects. 2\. It shall not be required that the school shall be in connection with a religions den omina tion, or that religious instruction shall be given in the school, and no preferenoe or advantage shall be given to any such school on the ground thatit is or is not provided by za school board, or by a religious denomination, or by an indivi dual patron or promoter. 3, Such grant shall not for any one year ex ceed the income of the school for that year which was derived from voluntary contributions and from school fees and from any sources other than the Government grant, nor shall the grant-in aid exceed the sum of per head for each child above the age of five years and under the age of seven years; Provided, also, that no such grant-in-aid shall be given to any such school when the number of scholars is less than thirty. 25\. No grant-in-aid for building purposes shall be made to any such assisted school, except ing in cases where no Government school exists in the district. 26\. In case no Government elementary school exists 'in any district, any such assisted school therein shall be subject in all respects to the di rect supervision of the Board, and shall in all respects be subject to the rules and regulations of Government schools. 27\. The owners, patrons, promoters, or man agers of any elementary school not being a Go vernment school and wishing to receive Govern ment aid, shall apply through the Central Edu cation Board, to the Governor in Council, at any time not less than three months next preceeding the then next ensuing Session of the Legislative Council, or of any subsequent session, setting forth all information necessary to enable the Central Board to decide on the applica tion; and such application shall be for warded in a report with such remarks as may seem fit by the Central Educaticn Board to the Governor, and such report shall set forth whether there are any funds available for the grant-in-aid applied for; And should such funds be available out of any provision that may be made by the Legislature for the purpose, then it shall be lawful for the Governor to issue under his hand a warrant for the payment of such aid ; Provided that all such applications for aid to elementary schools shall be considered in the order of application: And if no such funds should be available, then it shall be lawful for the Governor to transmit such application or applications to the Legislative Council atits next sitting, with a recommendation that the Legis latiure do take the same into consideration with a view to making provision for such aid. 