Wave Prospect. By tte Ber. Dr. Barry. " It is like a draught of Fir® 1 "—Qolien Legend. CHAPTER XXVIII. Lynch Law fob Bee.b. — A Fact. Soon after the opening of the hall, and while in its early struggles it made the slow, steady adTancc which foreshadowed its future success, a ray from a brightness, long passed away, fell for a moment upon die life of Emma Fairborne. Between her and the husband, whose love had been drowned in wine, the gulph had long been fixed ; but, if possible, it had been further widened by the steps he had taken for the ruin of the Woodroffes, merely for a base craving after self-indulgence, even though obtained as a convict in the colonies. After the terror which his visits and threats in spired, during the period in which he haunted the cottage, there succeeded the natural horror of think ing of her husband as a convict — a self-convicted perjurer and forger. But this man had loved her once, and she had loved him ; and however torpid, by long disenchant ment and cruelty, where there lias once been love, there is always an ember ready to glow again, if only breathed upon as of old. And now James Faii-borne has been two years in probation at Millbank. Solitary confinement, the absence of alcohol, discipline, and reflection, were reported to hare made in him a salutary change. George had made many inquiries of the chaplain, and had seen him in the interval. He was considered in every respect a good prisoner ; and when Sir Homphray Denby roused liimself, and made interest in high places, it was considered the most suitable thing in the world to accede to his request, that the prisoner should be 6eut to Western Australia ; and it was further intimated that, in consideration of his good conduct during his probation (and of the interest that Sir Homphray made), he might expect his ticket- of-leave soon after his arrival there; when so ex emplary a pnsoner would be sure to earn his bread, and settle down as a respectable member of society. Notlring, of course, was allowed to transpire about the goodly allowance Sir Homphray had promised to endow him withal. It was therefore arranged that he should sail by next ship. Now, in Mr. Livcrmore's compact with Jumbo the versatile, there was an article about the one tie which he said he had ; the only one, to this country — that was his son ; and the agreement bound Livermore to secure his son to him when he was abroad. But it seemed now as if he had put himself further than ever from the possession of the boy. He had, indeed, given a written consent, at his separation, to re nounce, in his wale's favour, the custody of her son. Now, he had actually forfeited it, by his acknowledged crime ; and he knew Livermore too well, to trust him, to take measures fraught with risk to secure the child, after his liberation in Western Australia, and to send him out. So the ray of light from a brightness long past was, after all, by way of cajolery and bye-end ; a false light set up to deceive a mistaken heart too ready again once more to believe : and now on the eve of de parture, he hopes to gain from her the promise of the child's custody when he should send. Penitence, softness, self-reproach, tender words, unfamiliar now for many weary years ; but things that had been once every day blessings ; tears, protestations, passionate appeals ; all that was calculated to raise die ghost of an affection long dead and buried ; these were the messages he sent, imploring an interview before the final world-wide parting. The interview was accorded. A new hope strung her spirit beyond her strength for the effort. Every exertion of body was now an effort. But the light of hope soon faded. I said it was but for a moment, and they parted in the prison room, further sundered than ever by, the discovery of this last hypocrisy. They parted, never again to meet, though once joined to gether not to be sundered. Parted— he to the convict ship, wafting him to his earned reward ; she to her work of love, for the short time remaining of toil ; and peculiarly to that holiest task of all, the guarding of the boy from his father's , besetting sin, the poisoner of his mother's happiness the bottle. No sooner had the convict ship sailed, than Sir Homphray's spirits revived. You must not suppose that the acquisition of Wave Prospect had given him : much real satisfaction, after the first gratification, . which was merely combative, of having overcome. Things were not going on under Mr. Liverniore's , care as he quite wished ; but he was in constant . dread, while Fairborne remained in England, of the secret leaking out, that he had bribed him to the con- . fession of his crime, and by a promise of an income ' abroad, whither Iris interest would send him. Had it been known, his honour, that is, his reputation, would be tarnished: and Livermore shared his secret ; there fore Livermore might do exactly as he liked at Wave Prospect. ' When the ship sailed, Sir Homphray Denby emerged. For a heavy apoplectic, sedentary, irrita ble, elderly gentleman, it was wonderful what a journey lie took from the North of England, to see the property which he had won. Of course he settled his affairs before he left Denby Hall. A much shorter journey than tliis would have been considered quite remarkable enough to have made such a step neces- sary in his eves ; and this was to him a terrible journey; but he felt his spirits so up, that he was equal to it. As to the settling of his affairs, it was only to look up the old will, to see it all right, and put it up again ; and down he came upon Mr. ; Livermore. He brought his own wine ; he did not drink any ' but that of his own cellar, " That wbo=c lather grape grew tat . On Lusitania's summers." And if the wine did not make summer in his veins, as Tennyson says it did in those of the Knight of the Bound Table, it made a very tropical season some where towards the top of his nose ; and judging by his puffing and panting on the slightest motion, it - must have also accumulated some summer-like exuberance of growth, about the lungs and heart, which di4 not seem able to sustain the joy which lie had so lately put on. He was very curious about everything connected with the property ; was sometimes rather sharp for Mr. Livermore; and when he became excited, it was really perilous. . He took a gTeat interest in the old library, whose oak paneling was an object of admiration and . curiosity. Livermore tried to encourage this, to get his attention away from other matters less agreeable. " It is a fine piece of old oak carving, Sir Homphray, ' but I have, on one or two occasions, thought it was not solid." ' Sir Homphray reddened and puffed with a danger ous internal laugh. " Not solid, sir ! You are a fool, Mr. Liver - more." Livermore was put on his. mettle. He remembered the 'day of his interview there with George . Wood- . xoffe, and the hollow sound. So he went over and knocked in .the same place, with a large nob-headed stick. There certainly was the same sound again. " Now, Sir Homphray, what do you think." " I think, sir, that you are a fool." " Thanks, Sir Homphray. You expressed a wish to ; see those . railway works near the town. They are' approaching completion; allow me the pleasure of . showing them." ' They went, not.on foot, of course ; Sir HomphTay could never stand that. Mr. Livermore had his open! phaeton brought round. But though he showed all ' the lions, and several of them were well worth seeing, lie got nothing from the baronet but grumbling, and groans, and fretfulness, as was his nature. "Well, he' thought he would not mind it. He expected great admiration for the fine span of the viaduct that. has been founded, we remember, m brandy. But Sir Homphray only muttered audibly, : " Hollow, hollow. Well, it really does sound hollow." He was thinking of the oak wainscot ; the span was 3ost upon him. So Livermore' was disgusted, and thought he would not trouble' himself to show hint any more. He had some carpenters working at the erection of a great covered way ; and by a slight deviation, lie could inspect them as he drove home. The deviation, however, was not unnoticed hy the ; baronet, who insisted on turning to the road they had. come by, just as they were getting near the work- Livermoie wanted to visit. He turned, but in turning he thought he heard screams proceeding from the place. These became clearer as he listened, and were followed by great shouts and laughter. Driving on towards it, he could soon see a man hang ing in theair, some fifteen feet from the ground, ap parently lifted up, and lowered alternately, by a pully from some elevated beam in the wood- work ; and it was from litis man that the screams proceeded. The baronet now was curious enough to allow him to drive up nearer. Soon he heard a female voice screaming wildly, and saw tv woman rushing towards him, and appealing to his mer -y' tp come and; Prevent murder. A giil came up, 'mud with terror, t was "Winifred Morris, but in hf Alarm she could- not have known Livermore ; for. ehe ran on, still, screaming murder, murder, in the direction' of her | own home. . ... ! The baronet took a audde'a fit of trembling arid! palpitation ; and not one bft. nearer would he allow Livermore to drive. They could see what went on. There were a dozen HHjn, pulling and slacking, as ' theypleasfed, one end 'of a rope, at the other end of which, suspended o'jrer a pully above, they had fastened by a slip-knot a fellow- workman, and were j dangling him up a/nd down, his own weight tighten- . ing the rope round him, so as cause severe pain and j suffocation ; and the wilder his cries, the louder ; they shouted the three words — " Say Beer, then." At length, in danger of suffocation, he cried " Beer," and he was lowered ; and a half-crown taken out of his hand by force by one of the men ; and when the victim said he would take summonses out for their ill-treatment, they hustled and knocked him about. He, however, was as good as his werd, and brought the ringleaders before the magistrate for . hanging him. The facts were these. He had been working with ' the defendants and' others. A young lad had injured a plane which he had borrowed, and be offered to replace it, but the owner objected, and wanted him to pay a fine of 2s. (id. for beer. He was a teetotaler, and he refused. The men then tied his legs together, placed a cord under his arms, and between his legs, and then pulled him up by a pulley, and allowed him to hang until he cried " Beer." The same thing was done more severely the second day ; and the half-crown was taken forcibly. He cried " Beer," to get released, for the rope tightened, and nearly suffocated him ; and .when he spoke of summoning them, they all struck against him, and he was hooted and hissed from the place. The defence was, that it was a time-honoured custom of the trade. The magistrate's decision and sentence were, if possible, more extraordinary than the offence. He said that the law recognised customs that were reasonable. This, however, was . not a reasonable custom, as it was likely to be attended with danger ous results, and he would recommend them to reform their rules, as far as this mode of punishment was concerned. He understood that no harm was meant, and that it was only intended as a lark ; and he fined each of the defendants 5s., and 5s. costs. 