THIE TICIItOR?E CASE. The Tichborne case is causing just now considerablo excitement in the co. lony. Thus writes the Age:--" Messrs Malloson, England, and Stewart are busily engaged in prosecuting enquiries in nccordanco with instructions received from home. It is stated that an un executed warrant against Arthur Orton is in the hands of the police for stealing a horse in Gippsland, corresponding with the one referred to by the claimant in his evidence at home. By those who disbelieve the claimant's story, it is as. serted that proofs are accumulating show. ing that the claimant is identical with Arthur Orton. On the other hand, it is positively asserted that the investigation made by Mr Jeune will completely show that the claimant and Orton are two ditiet individuals. A. a proof of the . ecainant being the real Siron Pure, it is said ttat the veritable ]Roger Tichborne suffer4l front a congenital defiet, and that wlhn the proper time comes it will be shown that the claimant sutTfers in the same way. It is protnable that the revilence nowheing so dlilien!ly collected in the colony will g) for to decide the quesiaon one wai or the other." " The oppoeents to tihe claim of Sir ]roper Tielb.,rn.," says thl- hi,0, It lt ander _l'le , " neithler spare trouble nor expense in procurine vridt.i,, th, t may be turietl to his confusion or ,lisad on age,. On Frid.v an rppli iti,,on was maide in the Castlertaine l'li.r. court by Mr Stewart, of the firm of \\.1i1e.eon t -' E laind and Stewart. for the police mautitrate and clerk of the court to irve a rertificnto that a Inithful rop: of thel books ctarinir. a registry of the Lusi nets of the court has been taken, in order that sucrt copy may be received in ei ,lence. Tl:e books are now biing I nsarched for four sears, we understand with a view of making it appear that Tichborne is the same as the man Arthur OrCtn. who was tried for cartle-stealing Sin 1859. A *i-i ilar investigation of the i Police court books is to be made at Ctris brook. The pc i:e masistrate intimated that the cer tiicites would be given. In regard to the same matter the f1ail says:--Mr Burgess, who i:p to a very short ti-e ego, rras carrying on a trade a't s a butcherr ear r Hatch's, at the I Telegraph bridge, ought to be able to d jgi.t important evidence either for or against thl claimant. It was his horse Orton was chlarged with stealing. He ought to be able to say whether or not the claimant is the man who, under the i name of Orton, was so dealt with. Bur gess coulh easily be found, for we believe he went from this district to Ballarat." The editor of the Rtlenstroood Miner (Queensland) thus pens an excuse to his readers :--liidnight, Friday. To- morrow will be publishing day. The compositors been to the races; reporter left in the early part of the evening-he said to look for matter, but for the matter of that we doubt it, and the devil is howling for copy. The crushings are crushed out, orn leader was borrowed for the coach and knocked up, said to be too heavry; the " locals" have no habitation or name, and if our friends are not in. dulgent we mean to apply to Mr Hackett for a protection. In a sarcastic article on " the sports of our aristocracy," referring to the pigeon shooting at llurlingham, the Saturday lReview says :--" Not being, as we are happy to say, familiar with tile sport ourselves, and many of our readers being equally ignorant of its details, we must be content to epitomise the statements of the daily press. What happened on Friday, 1Gth June, appears to hlave been as follows :--The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh, with 20 com anions, iweat to a field near London. Each distinguished personage prcsented himself in turn, and took the trouble of raising a loaded gun to his shoulder. A string being pulled, a wretched pigeon walked out of a box. If tihe bird did not recognise the hostile intentions of the Prince, peer, or legislator, he was persuaded to fly by means of an in dlinrubher ball. The distinguished per sonage fired and slew, mauled or missed hiim. If lie succeeded in mangling the wrertched pigeon enough to bring hIim to the ground within a fence, hlie scored. If the pigeon got away to die with n lbroken wiing or leg or a crushed beak. the distinguished personage did not score. This performance swas rcpeteod 220 ltimes, and tile 22 gallant sportsmen felt that they had done their duty to sociely. Tlhe most distingtuished of all appears to have missed steadily; but we may hpe thallot ho is consoled by the statement in one of the papers that lie lit his birds hard. Ten pigeons may, therefore, have had the honour of slowly dyitng during the week by his august hands. We quite share the sntisfaetian expressed b) the reporter of the Daily Aewcs, that noiu of the ladies of the Royal family were present ; it is rather odd, however, tlhat this modest antisfoc tion should not be a matter of course. Meanwhile we feel anything but antis fiction that English gentlemen should be indulging in a sport which retains all tile cruelty, withlout alny of the redeeming qualities of more manly annmusements, and which has a certain flavour of cock. pits, gambling hells, and othlr launts of fast young men about town, just as distinctly as genuine sports, whiatever may be said against them, recall a breath of fresh country air, and glimpses of moors and forests and mountain torrents. The London correspondent of the Diun dee Advertlier, who is generally well in formed, writes :-" A curious story is in circulation with regard to the rclations of the Marquis of Lorno and the Princess Louise to the other members of the Iloyal family. I believe that at the Duke of Sutherland's banquet to the Russian Grand Duke now in this country, the Marquis and Princess were treated as members of the Royal family. The Prince of Wales, however, will not nac cept this view of the position, and at the State ball the other night gave orders that the Marquis should not be admitted at the Iloyal entrance. Ieo was accord. ingly refused admittance, and the Prin ceas declined to enter except with her husband, saying that hier place was where he iwas. The Moarquis would not take the Princess in by the general public en. trance, and tif result was that they did not attend the ball. Tih elrcumatatiao has caused a good deal of talk in the upper circles." ACCOUNT EXTRAORDINoAY.-The Illus. (rultedl imes of July 1st, says :--?r A. ualnter, Clhanpelton, Weiglo, lertlhslliro, ioas looking over some old documnents a few days ago, lwhen lie found the follow. ing strange nccount:--" Nor. 1, 1605. ler . J. Maguiro to J. Jones, joiner. For solidly repairing St. Josepi, ld; clean ing and repairing Hioly Ghost, hd; re pairing V. M. and nroking her a new cehili, 5s ld; for making a nose to tlhe deril, and putting a horn oni his head, slind glueing n piece to is tail, Os d; i2s 10d. Settled, J. Jonues." W'hy is thie pron)iuii we nbut in an in different state of henlth l-eeausae it is tut hialf we 11 (wIll). 