JUMPING EXTRAORDINARY. (FROM THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. SEPT. 23.) Two cases of jumping took place yesterday, each of which was of a peculiar nature. Early in the morning Messrs. Patterson and Startup marked off two residence areas in the centre of the ground known as Charing Cross. The necessary pegs were put down, and the preliminaries having been thus attended to on the part of the jumpers, the next part of the performance was gone through by some of the employés of the city council, who removed Messrs. Patter- son and Startup's land marks. We understand that Mr. Patterson considers he has a good claim to the ground, and intends to establish it if possible. The other "jump" was made in the reserve, just opposite the Bank of Australasia. During the afternoon some more men took a quantity of timber to the ground, and commenced putting up a weatherboard hut. They had not proceeded far with the work before they were visited by Sergeant Drought, who informed them that if they did not clear off within half an hour they would be arrested. The person for whom the building was being erected informed the police officer that he would take his chance, and though the workmen left the "promises" the master remained. A considerable crowd had assembled, and " public opinion was pretty freely expressed in favour of the ground being occupied. Punctual to time, Sergeant Drought returned, accompanied by the town clerk and Councillors Aspinall, Moran, and Vahland, Councillor Garsed having been on the ground. The sergeant and the councillors were escorted by " a strong force of five or six policemen, and one or two workmen arrived with a sledge hammer. As soon as the word of command was given, and one of the men commenced to knock the building to pieces, the owner interfered, but as he said "Stop that," and made an attempt to seize the hammer, be found himself in the clutches of Sergeant Drought, who informed him that he had committed a breach of the peace, and would be locked up for so doing. The prisoner was then handed over to the care of two constables, who took him to the lock-up, when he stated that his name was Hugh Lewis. The charge being entered against him, he was immediately released on bail, £10 cash being deposited as security for his appearance at the police court this morning. It was well understood that Lewis is the acting agent of a large number of citizens and strangers who have determined to try the question of what is to be done with the reserve, and the action which was taken yesterday was probably the result of of a determination to have the street opened up if the ground is not sold. A Chinaman named Ah Cow committed suicide at Seymour on Friday, by cutting his throat, in front of a looking-glass. By way of accounting for the act, the brother of the deceased explained that he was afraid of ghosts. A rather curious charge of swindling has been heard before the Horsham Police Court. A man named Henry Moore was accused of obtaining by false pretences from the Horsham postmaster a letter, containing a bank draft for £50, the property of John Carr. From the inquiries made by the police it seems that Moore met with Carr, and learned that he was in expectation of a remittance from England by the last mail. Moore got some one to write to the Postmaster- General in the name of Carr, making application for the letter, and representing himself as the person to whom it was addressed. He succeeded in getting the draft, and obtained advances of goods upon it from a storekeeper. The latter, however, became suspicious, and got his goods back. The affair coming under the notice of the police, Moore was arrested, when the letter which had contained the draft was discovered in a room he had occupied. The Prisoner's BWOR contained a Presbyterian yearbook and two letters of recommenda- tion, one of which was proved to be forged, and the other, which was in the same handwriting, was no doubt forged also. The case was remanded for additional evidence. The Lower Lachlan correspondent of the II Wagga Wagga Express tells the following story A short time since a young gentleman, fresh from the old country, arrived in this neighbourhood for the purpose of gaining a little colonial experience. For some time previous to his arrival a wild entire had been in the habit of frequenting at night the place he was staying at, and did a great deal of damage to the working horses, hearing some and driving others about the run to such an extent that, when wanted, it often became an exceedingly difficult matter to find them. Our young friend undertook to destroy the unwelcome visitor, and, with this intent, armed himself with a gun, and issued from the house a little before the break of day. He soon found the horses, and observing one larger than the rest, and standing a little alone from them, he sneaked cautiously up to within range, brought his gun to the shoulder and pulled the trigger. Down went the horse, but instead of being the wild entire it turned out to be one of the best draught horses on the station. Colonial experience has not been out shooting since." 