TRUE GHOST STORIES. . Something almost like a ghost story, but which, nevertheless, seems to be told by a cautious intelligent observer, has been exciting some attention at Strathalbyn, and is thus related to the Soulherm Argus (S.A.) by Mr. W. T. Trogalgas :-" Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through »the burying ground, and coming to a grave sur- rounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate some- thing strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight, I rubbed my hand on the form, and found that portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen ; and still not being satisfied, I walked away and came back in 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form was there ; so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning ; but not being a believer in supernatural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon rending this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, for although many things have been advanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye-witnesses of the sight." Of a similar character is the following extraordinary story, which is given in the Court Journal of 6th May:-"All have read with horror of the barbarous murder committed on a young and extremely well favoured girl-a child one might say- nigh on 17 years old, at Eltham, in Kent. The painful subject is referred to in consequence of a very extraordinary circumstance connected with the girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospital at 9 o'clock on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman were in the room at the time, and they all concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the window close to the bed on which the murdered girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached the window, which, by the way, is about 50ft. from the ground. Of course there was no one there. There were no means by which the window could be reached from the street save by a ladder, and ladder there waa none." ' 