MIDDLE LIFE. BY JAMES DUNLOP. *? The great Middle Class, on whom, though the polite may caii ihem a * sad mixture,1 cabinets depend. — Lobd Lyttob. Chapter XXX. Henry's Authorship. In all his various fortunes Henry had one friend, who never ceased to encourage him and incite him to perseverance and patience under any circumstance which might. he conducive to future good. This was the good Dr. Gilruth. From him Henry received much sage advice, much sound counsel, and for this he was ever grateful. The Dr. had a strange liking for the somewhat eccentric youth, whom so few conld under stand, and often exerted himself to dispel the rather morbid notions which were an unfortunate feature of his character. Henry's was one of those natures which (unhappily for them selves), can ill brook disappointment — -are elated ;by sudden prosperity — which are either down in the depths of despair, or exalted almost, beyond reason. It was what the world calls an ill-regulated disposition. Perhaps it is ; but it is often the unfortunate possession of those who have genius beyond their fellows, whose temperament is beyond that of others sensitive. He was a sentimentalist, an idealist, and the world dislikes Buch. Yes ; and the world is right, for sentimentalism and idealism are poverty to those whose lot it is to labor for bread. Poor indeed is the fare of him whose lofty imagination leads into realms abore the grovelling matters of earth. Milton, the man of soul, was but a pauper compared with many whose sole knowledge consists in the judgment of a cow's horn or a horse's pastern. Bat Henry had his admirers, and although the admiration of Dr. Gilruth was qualified by a sense of utility, yet did he not attempt to discourage the young author, but rather by his experience and counsel to direct his undeniably superior talents into a more useful, because more profitable channel. ? He was greatly grieved at Henry's sudden dismissal from his situationat the Dalton's; and although not offensively inquisitive as to its reason, yet manifested sufficient curiosity to cause Henry to make him his confidant. He told him the whole history. The Dr. was a man of heart, and did not unreasonably condemn his young friend's conduct, but he severely censured his secresy towards him in a matter which might have been avoided if taken in proper time. ' It is too late to talk of it now, however,' he said. ' What you must do now is either to strive to forget, or, if you have engaged the girl's affections, to make yourself worthy of her. The Daltons are wealthy, and, consequently, exalted.' u I have no spirit for work/' said the youth, despondingly. 'The goal that I was struggling for seems to me to be removed for ever, and I care not now what may become of me.' 'These expressions, returned the Doctor, 'are alike absurd and sinful. Will you at the first repulse throw down your arms and cry out ' I am undone ?' Will you not rather acknowledge your weakness, and brace yourself with additional strength for renewed efforts ? My dear boy you are too easily cast down. Do you think that any human being ever yet rose to eminence through a continual course of prosperity ? Never 1 ' The heights by great men reached and kept, Were not attained by sudden flight, But they, while their companions slept, Were toiling upward in the night' So says Longfellow, and in saying so he merely niters a truth. If you 3tudy the career of any true hero you will find that his triumph is only in proportion to the difficulties he has been compelled to surmount. The value of a victory is only in proportion to the enemy conquered. As to your Baying — l that you care not what may become of you' — vou have only to reflect upon it to regret it.' ' I know that you reason justly,' said Henry, thoughtfully ; ' but what am I to do ? I am too poor to study, else I could work at a profession until I should by diligence make for myself a respectable position ; and as for literary work I know that in that I shall never be popular.' 44 flow so?' *' Because mine is not that class of writing which seems to le sought for by the multitude. I am not material enough.' *' Then what you have to do is to change your style to that which pleases the people. It is in vain for you to struggle to change public taste. The mountain never came to°the Mahomet. You must exercise your judgment, and choose that style which is suitable, and earnestly pursue it.' ' That is true ; but even then there is so little to be earned by it, and to amass money is my present object. Besides, I can ill bear the ridicule consequent upon amateur authorshiD.' ' Ridicule ! What right have you to pay any attention' to ridicule ? Wholesome satire is the best thing that could befal you, and you ought to attend to it, aad draw from it that which your conscience and your reason tell you is right ; but ridicule is beneath your notice. It is as far removed from true satire as it is from criticism, or as flippant burlesque is from genuine humor. As to how it will remunerate you, you must be content with what you receive. You cannot expect the same return as a man of twice your experience. More over it is your only present employment, and one of the first essentials of success is that whatsoever yosr hands find to do you should do it with all your might. Forgive my being so plain with you, my boy, but I do it for your good, and I argue from long experience.' «* I thank you sincerely, and shall endeavor to profit by your lesBon,' said Henry, with profound respect. How much greater would have been his reverence had he been party to the secret that the lofty-browed eld savant before him was the great ' Alpha' of the ? Review ! Chapter XXXI. The Kelpie's Lynn, About half-a-roile from Dalmain, the residence of the Bertrams, a river flows through the noble demesne of a wealthy Lord. At one portion of its course it glides majes tically between verdure-covered banks through a forest of elm and sycamore, reflecting in its placid waters the stately foxglove and the modest harebell. Again it winds out into the broad park and glides within a few yards of His Lorddiip's palace, then back into the wood again where its coursl grows swifter, till at last with a hoarse roar it plunges in a cataract into a deep ravine, whence it brawls awav ever onwards through parks and forests and villages doVn to the ocean. This is called the Kelpie's Lynn. Summer and winter the ceaseless hollow music of the waterfall echoes among the nooks of the forest, and is re echoed a thousand times by the surrounding cliffs. Partly natural, partly artificial, its waters 6weep over it in one unbroken sheet till they leap into the outstretched arms of the surges beneath, where they writhe and boil with an endless torture. High upon either side of its baein rocks shoot sheer out of the waters, and above, a level plain grasses the dins to the very brink. Near the foot of these a pathway has been cut where a man may stand alone with nought around him but the emblems of eternity. It is a sublime sight where the mortal rises from the smallneBS of earth to the grandeur of the Creator. One shrub alone has found a place of nurture upon these rugged recks. High upon their breast they wear a luxuriant hawthorn, which in spring sheds its flowers, and in autumn its leaves, upon the bosom of the tortured waters. It was an evening in early autumn when Henry Bertram led his mother down here. The place waB sheltered and one that she loved. Here in the golden days she had wandered. Here she had plotted for the future with her new-made husband. And here she had come with her awestruck children'clinging to her fingers and asking strange questions. These were but memories, but what sweeter solace is there for the wounded heart ? Now she was gradually sinking — nay rather, let us say, rising from the earth — and her soul was struggling to free itself for heaven. Still she lived. Her doctors called her a marvel ; but what can the Faculty know of the hidden workings of God 1 She existed, and her weak frame was supported as if by a miracle ; but still she ' lived because her appointed time had not come, and her presence was yet required upon the earth. Reason ye Infidels; reason, ye Chancellors and Judges; reason, ye grave- visaged professors of all the Universities and Colleges under the sun, and what reason will ye give us for this ' appointed time,' save that which ye sneer at in a woman — 'just because;' or 'that the Lord hath willed it, and — rr is.' Margaret Bertram's time had not come, but few could not see that it was at hand. She was still beautiful — too beau tiful. The peculiar pallor of skin making the large eyes seem almost preternaturally dark and lustrous, the raven hair too contrasting, and the ciucuinscribed glow upon either cheek showed that the Destroyer had been making rapid advances and was close upon his victim. She was thoughtful as she stood with her eyes fixed upon the ceaseless fall of water, and a deep shade of sorrow sat upon her brow. A dove, settled upon the hawthorn bush, cooed — but its cooing was almost inaudible amidst the elemental uproar. The soft wind was wafting the dead leaves from the branches, and they were falling amid the foam of the whirlpool to be for ever lost. ' Those golden leaves,' said the widow, ' are like those who are dear to us on earth. They fall one by one till all are gone in the whirlpool of Eternity.' ' And that dove,' said Henry, aa the bird soared away out of sight far up in the blue, ' is like their souls, These dead husks are but emblems of the body, and the fruit,' he added, as he gently led her away, ' which is left when all the leaves have gone and is scattered abroad upon the earth bringing forth new fruits, may remind us of that good which remains after the holy have parted from the woild, and which in like manner may chance to fall in unknown places and flourish for ever !' Chapter XXXII. A terrible End. Henry and his mother were met at the gate by the devoted Betty, who told them in her own rough Scotch dialect that a strange man had been waiting about the place ever since they had left ; that his language was like that of ' one of' these ' foreign pagans '' ; and that although he insisted that he recol lected her, and that she ought to recognise him, yet would he not enlighten her as to who he was or what he wanted. He was uncommonly ill-looking she explained, with much volubility, in fact appeared to be a regular u vagybone.' He had asked for Mrs. Bertram, and she had set him a basin of milk and some bread, with which to regale himself till she should return. Henry proceeded to the yard for the purpose of examining this mysterious animal, and web received with a military salute by a character whose appearance in great measure justified the aged handmaiden's suspicions. He was a man apparently past middle age, of a Btumpy person, and possessed of a remarkable countenance. His nose, which had never been a good one, had received further dis figurement in the shape of an immense scar right across it, iiuu pan ui uulu v;ueeiu-. auio gave lu ms iaue me appear ance of having been at some time badly folded, and upon subsequent straightening having retained the crease, from which his ferret eyes blinked in continual unrest. As he stood, cap in hand, his head bore evidence of having sus tained more severe handling than mewt craniums are capable of enduring. From back to front it was covered with a com plete network of scars and scratches, making its bullet symmetry appear as if enclosed in one of those nets used for holding onions. Henry could with difficulty repress a smile as he regarded this phenomenon, whose look, although low, was still intensely comical. u Well, my man,' he said, jocularly. ' What may be your business ; we don't deal in curiosities here.' u Ye mightn't make much by it if ye did, sir,' retorted the other. ' I come from America,' ' Indeed !' said Henry, more gravely. ' An old soldier ?' ' Yes, sir ; an' many a time you've seen me before, sir ; but I suppose I'm a leetle altered.' ' You must be, for I have not the most remote recollection of ever having seen you.' ' You have though, for all that, sir, and I knew your brother, too, God rest him 1 I was the last, sir, as heard his voice.' Henry paled a little, and spoke tremulously. ' My brother wrote to us of having met an old servant of our uncle's ; are you he ?' ' At yer service, sir. I was struck down too, but I won't kill, jest because I want to mizzle, maybe.' Always proud and fearful of betraying his emotions before those who might not understand him, Henry quietly grasped the old soldier by the hand, but said nothing. He led him into the house, and from that day York was installed a pensioner upon their simple bounty. The crime, upon account of which he was in immediate request, had been disclosed bv one of the real perpetrators, and his name completely exon erated, so that he was once more free. He managed the garden, and helped as he could to make himself as little burden as possible, and over and over he had to repeat to the widow her dead son's story. She felt more than sympathy for the poor outcast, who had been the last to receive his dying look, his final message, and she ceased not to express to him her boundless gratitude. The day after his arrival was one of importance in the history of the Bertrams. The time had long passed when they should have given up possession of the last vestige of their property — the cottage of Dalmara — but to their surprise no attempt at ejectment had been forthcoming. It was even doubtful to whom they were indebted. Mr. Tolmer, who still acted as agent for them, informed them that the property had in some manner changed hands at the expiry of the term of mortgage, and that the deeds were in the keeping of a well-known lawyer j but who was the real purchaser had not transpired. At a loss how to proceed Mrs. Bertram had remained in possession until the rightful owner should put forward his claim. On this autumn day the air was oppressive, and the sky grey. The smoke from the tall chimneys did not ascend, but crept heavily over the surface of the earth. The clouds above were not piled in fleecy heaps — were not in black lowering masses, but in one level plain of muddy brown. Crowds of winged insects foretold a heavy fall of rain. The glass also was falling with alarming rapidity, and the farmers were toiling to shelter the exposed grain from destruction. Unable to endure the stifling atmosphere in doors Mrs. Bertram and her son were seated in the garden. .The strange weather had a depressing effect upon their spirits, and then* thoughts were somewhat sad. A sound of wheels was heard coming' rapidly towards the house, and Henry rose to see who approached. As they came nearer he recognised with surprise the unexpected visitors. In a smart dog-cart Bat Jasper Clinch. He was driving, and beside him sat a liveried servant, while on the back seat, his delight at the honor of accompanying his patron undiminished by the somewhat equivocal position, smiled the Rev. Mr. Grubb. Was he not out for a drive with the owner of Calton ? Then what mattered it to his spiritless existence whether he occupied the servant's position or not ! The honor, he would have blandly argued, had Jasper apologised (which was far from likely) more than counterbalanced the trifling inconvenience of being obliged to hold on for dear life to the back seat I Of such extent was the independence of Mr. Grubb! ^ Jasper alighted at the gate, and without a sign of recogni tion brushed past Henry and proceeded towards the house, the Rev. Mr. Grubb following, like a personified mark of admiration. There was something in Jasper's look which was never present unless it were in his power to trample upon some enemy — that peculiar drawing down at the corners of the mouth and sly glistening of the eyes betokened no good. Without ceremony: he walked boldly into the doorway, still accompanied by Mr. Grubb. This impudent assurance, which at first took Henry com pletely by surprise, now aroused his anger, and he strode hastily after his cousin and the cringing pastor. ' To what circumstance,*' he demanded, confronting them, ' am I indebted for this ungentlemanly conduct ?' ** Your silence will be your best friend,' returned Jasper, mockingly, ' if you will but adhere to it. You are at this moment in this house merely upon sufferance. Should you not be capable of appreciating leniency we must treat you with the severity of common justice. You are at liberty to leave the house, ^ir.' The last words he pronounced with sneering civility. lf Upon what authority,' spoke Henry, ' do you dare thus to intrude yourself upon our privacy ?' ** My own,' was the cool rejoinder. Henry's blood leapt to his heart, and he grew deadly pale. He comprehended iii an instant the exact relation in which they stood. He now perceived that this was he to whom they had unwittingly been indebted for shelter for many months, and his proud spirit writhed under the degradation. To another he could have offered the just rent, but to have offered it to this man would have been but to give him the opportunity for farther insult. He would have refused it and taunted them with having received his charity. It was thus that Jasper loved to torture his victims. To fawn over them at first — then to crush them. His triumph was for the moment complete. He remarked Henry's discomfiture and it was like balm to his evil spirit. But he had yet another thrust to give — immeasurably more deadly than its prede cessor. He shrewdly suspected Henry's regard for Edith, and he could not help being aware of her absolute dislike tor himself, but he was, nevertheless, perfectly sanguine of success. He had but lately returned to the country and therefore had heard none of the whispers which predicted the fall of the firm of Dalton. Had he dreamt such to be at hand but little would he have troubled himself to strive for a prize that was not golden. But he was ignorant of even the likelihood of such a climax, and his hatred was thus intense against one who should venture to come between him and his desires, especially when that one wan poor, and, as he now imagined, partially in his power. *' It is not necessary,' he said in bland tones, ' that I should give you any further explanation of my proceedings than that the house is my property, but I may inform you that I am about to be married, and I am of opinion that — this— will— ' It was not because Henrys eye was fixed threateningly upon him that his voice faltered and his face assumed an almost ghastly expression of terror and dismay; During the above altercation the parties had not proceeded beyond the entrance passage, and at the extreme end of this a battered face was protruded from behind a corner of the wall, and a pair of hawklike eyes were eagerly rivetted upon Jasper and his companion. It was this apparition which fascinated the craven's speech and caused his knees to tremble as though a ghost had presented itself to his vision. Mr. Grubb, puffed up, and grand, was not aware of his presence, nor was Henry, till on a sideling move on the part of Jasper towards the door, the squat body belonging to the battered face darted from its covert, and York made straight at him. With a bound Jasper cleared the threshold, and fled. What consummate cowards cowards are ! ' Seize the scoundrel,' shouted the ex-convict. ' Grab him ; he's a black murderer,-an'*I can prove it. Catch the low deserter.' But it was too late. Jasper's trap was at the door — the groom standing at the horse's head. At a leap the fugitive was in his seat. A cut from the whip and the horse plunged wildly forward, hurling the man headlong to the ground. York and Henry raised him next moment, and he was bleed ing and insensible. *' See where he's goin' to,' cried York, excitedly, pointing to Jasper, as he drove madly down the hill. He had left the road and was galloping recklessly across the Park in the direction of the river. ' He's bolted with,' aspirated York again. ' He 11 have a smash as sure as nails I On went the horse in its mad career. ' Good Heaven,' exclaimed Henry, ' he'll go over the cliff.' The words were on his lips when the animal backed upon its haunches and stumbled within a foot of the precipice that overhung the Kelpie's Lynn. He would right himself! No ! All over ! There was a hideous shriek, and horse and man disappeared. It was the event of a second. The Manslayer had fled, but in his flight he was overtaken, and in turn slain by the inscrutable Avenger of Blood ! Horrihed, Henry and his servant rushed in the direction of the Fall. The clouds were streaked with frequent lightning, loud crashes of thunder racked the air, and the rain poured forth its torrents before they reached the spot. There the basin of the cataract was writhing and seething as was its wont, and no trace of the gig nor its occupant was to be dis covered ; yet he was there, and the ceaseless angry grinding of the waters would twist and chafe him past all recognition before his body should be rescued from their fury. As if seeking to fathom the boiling chaos Henry stood long peering into its waters with awe-stricken gaze. A voice close behind him recalled his attention. It was that of the Rev. Mr. Grubb. He stood with folded hands and down-cast solemn look. 'In the hand of the Lord,' he cried in oily rounded tones of declamation, ' there is a cup, and the wine is red ; it is of full mixture ; and he poureth out the same : but the dregs thereof,' (here he fixed his eyes in righteous severity upon the spot where he whom he had in the morning professed to esteem was etill nnchilled by the grasp of death) ' all the wicked of the earth_shall ring them out, and drink them.' Henry cast upon the divine — who in his dripping clerical garments presented a woful spectacle — a look of anger and contempt. The present condemnation contrasted with the fulsome servility of only a few minutes before excited his unqualified disgust. The divine, aware of the attention, but not observing the expression, continued more severely in the same strain : — ' All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off, but the horns of the righteous shall be — ' Henry placed his hand somewhat roughly upon his shoul der. Several countrymen who had heard of the accident, and had hastened with ropes and other unavailing means of rescue, were standing near, and the young man spoke so that he might be heard by all. ' Sir,' he exclaimed, indignantly, ** cease such untimely blasphemy — for as nothing elee can I characterise your words — nor demean your profession before those who are accustomed to look upon it with respect. If you are devoid of charity let them not believe you wanting in common humanity. It ill beseems you thus to condemn him whose humble guest you were not half an hour ago. I can guess at your motives, and I despise them in thus denouncing, in the presence of death, one whose untimely end should arouse in your mmd very opposite feelings, and in exalting me, who am equally a sinner, but let me assure you that if you wish my disdain for your character, not only as a clergyman but as a man, not to increase tenfold you will henceforth abstain from all fulsome flattery — you will care fully avoid my presence.' Acting thus, as was his misfortune, upon momentary impulse, the new-made proprietor of Calton was more severe upon the minister than he would have been in calmer moods, and the rev. gentleman, much taken aback, slunk crestfallen towards the cottage, where, nevertheless, he contrived to install himself comfortably for the night. To be continued. , 