%fyt Cmptre. TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1871. THE annual commemoration of the University of Sydney on Saturday last, pro/cd that public interest iu the work of that institution has not abated. Compared with former years, the present shows that the usefulness of the University is at all events not less than it lias formerly been. Still, in seeking to vindicate its claim on the support of the community, and to make manifest to thc world its raison detre, the advocates of the University have to maleo large draughts on the treasure-house of futurity. Those who have faith in tho elevating, strengthening, and refining influences tf sound learning on the community in the midst of which it is sedulously cultivated, have a good deal of scepticism to overcome ; and practical results, in the spirit and the useful services of tho.-'e who enjoy tho advantages of University training, must be tho chief, if not the only effectual means of leavening our socioty with an unhesitating confidence in the institution which is so much extolled. The Chancellor's summing up of the work accomplished bj the University since its foundation, deserves the consideration of all who would judge fairly of itjs merits. 108 decrees have been conferred on regular students of this University ; ten on graduates from other Universities, on their passing the examinations required ; and nine on medical students who had pnssed the exami- nation in the Faculty of Medicine,-making in all 217 degrees. Of those who obtained these degrees, 125 passed through the time years curriculum. Although a much larger number of students are in attendance at the Uni- versity of Melbourne than nt that of Sydney, tho number of degrees conferred on regular students of the University here exceeds by 6*2 the number in Melbourne, which is 136. Hut unless a now impulse in favour of University education springs up in Kew Louth Wales, that advantage,-duo in part, as the Chancellor acknowledged, ts the fact that the f'niversity of Sydney was put in operation two years before that of Melbourne,-will soon be lost ; for at the present time, according to Dr. Badham, the students in Melbourne areas ten to one to those in Sydnoy. The public examinations conducted under the auspices of the University have been appre- ciated. Eighty-two have obtained certificates in three years ; and applications have been received from many country districts for the extension of theso examinations to them. The prospcet of establishing a medical school in connection with the University has for years been held out by tbe Senate. And now the application made to the Senate by tho committee of/ the PriDce Alfred Memorial Hospital, who have for three years kept in hand thc funds raised for the purpose of erecting that building, adds anew feature to to the prospect. Som o day a memorial hospital will be erected ; and perhaps the lingering correspondence on the subject of the proposed s te for that Bospital, in tvhich tho last letter, still remaining unanswered, was addressed by the Senate to the Government on the 21st November, may terminate in the appropriation of land, adjoining thc grounds of the University for that purpose, an arrange- ment that would further the design of establishing an effective medical school there Patience, good people ! Remarks worthy of consideration were made by Dr. Badham on thc unfitness of much of the teaching in vogue for imparting tho mental training that is most essential. Ho observed that the greatest failure of thoso who came up for examination was in the ). nglish language. And without denying tho usefulness of etymology and analysis, methods by which many assume that a thorough knowledge nf the language can bc attained,-he maintained that people might go through these, repeating them over and over again, while there lay something far greater bey nd, still unknown to the grammarian the English language itself,-" that marvel b us instrument which has been held in the fingers of ninny masters." ' Instead of trusting to the technical drilling of etymology and analysis, those who would teucb aright must bear in mind that " the true study of language is to learn tho true force of word.*, in well selected, well superintended reading." Two novel subjects were introduced on this occasion, which evidently attracted great interest. The suggestion of Sir Alexander Grant, Principal of the University of Edin- burgh, that examinations should be con- ducted jointly by. the four Universities of Scotland, was adopted by Mr. Doa* Thomson, as applicable to the case of Sydney and Melbourne, and any other University that may bo established in tho Australasian colonies The competition in cricket, sailing, rowing, and rifle (shooting, whioh has become an established custom wi.h this colony and Victoria, is enough to keep up the impression that the students of the two Universities might» derive a healthful stimulus to intellectual culture also from meeting on common ground to contend for tho highest literary honours. The other new topic-that which was received with the greatest démonstrations of approval on the part of tho speakers and the audience -was the determination of the Senate to extend tho advantages of tho public examination to female candidates. The Chancellor appeale i to the experienoo of England on this subject. And Dr. Badham hailed the new efforts to give the means of high intellectual culture to women, as proofs .of the springing np in these days of a chivalry brighter than that of tho Middle Ages In the substitution of a s ted fust purpose after intel lectual improvement in place of the absorption of tho powers of thought in mere external adornment, great service may bo rendered to some of the sex, who, with ample leisure, lack motives to action worthy of their innate powers. Where sustained thought on important topics takes the place of soft, aimless frivolity, great is tho advantage to the community, which it is women's proper function to strengthen ' for right notion as well os to charm in hours of relaxation. But in advocating provision for placing at the command of the: sex greater opportunities for intellectual culture, one must bo careful ip keep in view those essential domestic qualifications, which some forms o intellectual ambition might affect almost aa injuriously aa the frivolous tastes that spring up in the absence of well-trained thought. A French lady, whom the troubles of the war had driven fur refuge to England, has well repaid thc benefits of a safe retreat in that hoepitablo country, by tho plain, sistorly advice she has given to Englishwomen, in a letter published in the London Faily News a short time ago After living three months in England, alternately in country, in town, and at the seaside, she makes this observation : " Everywhere the same features of English life have struck me, whether staying with rich friends, or inquir ing into much humbler spheres of life-tho incapacity of Englishwomen in what we Frenchwomen consider to he the first duties of our everyday life, in knowing how to work, to cut out, to mend, to sew, to knit, to wash, to cook, to look nico, and make ¡ill around you look nice, even with tho smallest means." Mak'ng all allowance for nation-tl prejudice, and pro- testing that we can nil, without going fur from home, point to bright exceptions to the description this lady gives, it must bc admitted that there is somo truth in her description. All who have travelled in France agree in telling of a neatness and niceness in tho dress and houses of the people, from tho peasant to the noble, which aro not, as a rule, to be Feen in those of English people in corresponding positions. " It is not," adds the fair critic, " that they do not care for fine clothes and s-nart olothes, wi,en th»y can get them. No ; they will buy new clothes as soon as they can atford it. Hut no woman seems to consider it her first duty to mend aud keep clean those garments which her husband's wages have hardly earned, and whith her lazy or unclever fingers do not care to preserve tidy to the end. ... Why do not Englishwomen know a little more about the plainest ele- ments of cookery ? . . Why, because England's fair daughters have many and rare accomplishments, her women true noble virtues which few countries can boast of, can they not also be clever with thoir fingers, tidy jin their habits?" Tbore is nothing in the i pursuit of high literary attainments necessarily I inconsistent with that cleverness of tho fingers, and attention to the details of cookery, dress, and household management, which this French lady so strongly insists upon. An I Fnglishwoman may surely read in the original tongues thc ancient poetic records of tho virtue and piety of the Grecian Penelope and thc Hebrew Hannah, without forgetting the homely duties which those model ladies con- scientiously fulfille1. And such un intelligent glance at the starry heavens, as only a mathe- matical training can render practicable, with soaring speculations on the possible inhabitants ! and destinies of distant worlds and systems, may send one back with new vigour and perseverance to the handiwork of the smallest nook on the surface of our own globo When, therefore, the daughters of Australia begin to graduate in the University of Sydney, we hope they will not, noglect or despiso those domestic duties in the cheerful and clever 'fulfilment of which it is their special part to contribute to tho peace and joy attendant on thc great stream of human life. For tho present, however, the conces- sion made by the University to thc intellectual interests of the fair sex, I is limited to public examinations. As bays' schools have derived much benefit from these i examinations, there can be no doubt that girlä at school might also be tho bettt-r for similar exercises. And if the girls of a family were making greater progress in the acquisi tioB of knowledge, their brothers would soon be stirred up to greater diligence in thc work of self-improvement. Ono of the most obvious ways in which it may bo hoped that real benefits would flow from the adop- tion of examinations and certificates for female candidates, is in tho status that may thus be acquired by gover- nesses. These ladies,.as Dr. Badham observed, »re often subjected to unfair criticism by those who seek their services, but have not the c paoity to judge of their merits. A Univer- sity certificate will hr many households save a deserving governess from disparaging remarks, lt will bo a happy change when ladies dependent on their own work as governesses, have the opportunity of obtaining such passports to tho confidence and respect of parents who employ them to tcaoh their children. JüRon FINEO. - Mr. George Wilson, of 438, Bourke-street, Sydney, was yesterday fined 40a, for non-attendance to serve upon juries at tho quarter sessions, Darlinghurst. APPEALS AGAINST WATER RATES.-It was yester- day intimated that his Honor Judge Dowling would tafee appeals against assessments for water rates, at tho court- house, Darlinghurst, on the 17th instant next Monday week. ' THE CITT CORONER.-Tho city coroner, Mr. Henry Shiell, has obtainoil leave of absence for a few days in consequence of ill-health. His duties will, in the, meantime, be performed by tho water polioe magis- trate. Mit. JOHN WHVTLAW,-The friends of this gentle- man, late of Commercial B ink, West Maitland, who, it will bo remembered, left West Maitland rather abruptly, will regret to hear that a report of his doath at Fiji has boen received in Sydney. PEOESTRIANISM.-A hundred yards foot race for a small stake has been arranged between Coulter, the well-known sprint* runner, and Maurice. The raco takes place in the domain on Friday morning; noxt. Coulter is backed at slight odds. ARRIVAL OF RACEHORSES.-Yesterday evening by the steamer Coonanbara, from Newcastle, arrived Matt Scott's pair, Australian Buok and Gamecock, taking up their quarters for the night at Mr. Kiss's bazaar, preparatory to going out to Homebush this morning, to tho boxes prepared for them nt Charley Roberts's. The pair are looking in very good buokle ; and most people are of opinion that tho Buck never looked so fit before. ROSSINI'S STABAT MATER.-Tho musical public will be gratified to learn that Mr. Hill's efforts for pro- ducing tho Stabat Mater; have so far been attended with success. But no one will doubt that tho Stabat Mater is a high musical work, in which is embodied the grandest and richest conception of Rossini's mind, and one well deserving of patronage. _ The first vocalists of the city have tendered thoir Borvicts, and judging from the rehearsal last night, added to the perseverance of Mr. Hill, wo hare no hesitation in saying that the rendition of the piece will bo a complete success-a proof of the tutors ability, and a credit to those otherwiso connected with it. SKDNET. SCHOOL OP DEBION.- The members of the water-colour class commenced their out-door studies for the quarter commencing lsS April, last Saturday afternoon. Tho pince chosen was ono the picturesque gullies in tho, neighbourhood of Woollahra, and the weather being iavoumble, tho work was proceeded with to the satisfaction of all parties. Thu principal, Mr. J. Hodgson, has recently had to suspend his duties owing to a severe attack of illness whioh confined him to his residence for several weeks ; but his health is rapidly improving, and ho expressed himself as highly pleased with the progress of all those under his charge. Wo are inf ormed that it is his intention to take the class out for practice every Saturday afternoon; woather permitting; and no doubt these pleasant' little sketching parties will. prove highly enjoyable to those concerned. QUARTER Srssrosa,-Hi« Honor Judge Dowling, upon commencing hu judicial duties at Darlinghurst yesterday morning, remarked that the calendar was tho heaviest within his recollection either asa judge or Crown prosecutor, there being no less than tifty-flve charges for trial. Of theso thero were about seven pleas of guilty ; hut it is unfortunate that this unusu- ally heavy calendar should ocour during tho prcaout week as it will bo a matter of extremo difficulty to dU poso of all tho cases within the customary time. His Honor announced that be would not sit cither on Friday, Saturday, or Monday next. LECTURE OS DICKENS.-It will be seen that Mr. William Matson, of Queensland, is to give a lecture nt the School of Arts on Wednesday evening. Mr. Matson has Rained a reputation in his own colony as a lecturer, which, together with the great popular interest of tho subject he has chosen, may bo expected to attract a good audience. In bis hands Oliver Twist, Little Dorrit, Sam Weller, Kate Niokleby, and the host of familiar names that start up at the mention of Dickens will, no doubt, furnish abundant matter for amusement and reflection. SYDNEY CHAMBER OP COMMERCE -Tho quarterly meeting of tho members of the Chamber of Cummeroo took place yesterday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, in the Exchange. There were fifteen persons prest ni, and Mr. J. B. Watt (Gilchrist, .Watt, and Co ) occupied the chair. Thc minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. A report from tho deputation appointed to wait upon the Premier, to bring under his notice tho expediency of continuing tho mail servjeo via San Francisco and some matters connected with tho Customs regulations, was received.-Slr. Willis pointed out a provision in tho proposed now regula- tions by which importera' goods were liable to seizure if the Custom-house officers were of opinion that those goodi wcro undervalued. Ho considered that there should be norna right of appeal attached to thia proviso, which otherwise would oporato injuriously. An importer might purohnso goods for L100, which wera worih dyublo that amount, and by notion taken. ' by tho officers here lha importor uiight loso his legitimate profit on the transaction. Without tho right of appeal groat injastice would bo the result.-Mr. Ë Chapman thought that thero was great force in Mr. Willis's remarks. Thore should bo some power given to the officials hero to make a surcharge upon goods which hud largely increased their original value. In that ease, the profit mado hy un importer who had bought cheaply would be saved to him, and the Government would receive tho increased duty arising ont of tho higher value. The chairman observed that tho courso proposed by Mr. Chapman would not meet the case. The clause referred to was intended to prevent fraud by undervaluing, and in taking an importer's goods, the Oovorntnent would liavo to pay freight and charges, as well aa tho duty. Ha . considered tho clauso an improvement upon tho existing one, and importers could easily protect them- selves by slightly over-valuing their goods. -Mr. Willis thought that tho Customs would not pay the freight on the goods seized.-The chairman said that they could not get the goods from tho ship without paying the freight. Tho course they proposed was to take tho goods, nnd pay the importer the amount of his valua- tion, plus 10 per cent., and they could not deduct tho freight and. charges from tho pro- ceeds of the sale of tho goods.-Mr. Willis was of opinion that the value upon which duty should bo levied should be tho value of tho port of export, and that an importer should have thu right to challenge tho decision of tho Customs authorities, and prove that lie had not undervalued his importation.-Mr. S. A. Joicph did not consider that tho importer required any special protection -Mr. Montefiore thought that the clause in tho regulations was ambiguous. Thero would bo no barra in having it marlo plain. But if an importer brought into tho place goods which would realize 100 per cent., ha could well afford to pay a value on tho increased valuo to tho Government.-Mr. Willis was still of opinion that tho matter should bo placed beyond nil doubt, and that tho value taxed should bo that at tho port of export.-After some further con- versation, the chairman statod thnt ns tho Stamp Act was shortly to be brought before the Legislature, per- haps monibors would like to make some remarks on the subject. Ho pointed out the absurdity of taxing pro notes at a much higher rata than cheques, and said that it would be much more equitable if a penny tax was imposed "all round upon all payments, whether made in cash or otherwise. Tho meeting then closed. TATTE RS A L L'S CMJH.-Tho annual general mooting of Tattersalls took place last evening, Mr. li Driver, chairman, the basincss being to elect chairman nnd office-bearers for the ensuing year. Previous to the general meeting, the committee met upstairs, when their report was agreed to, and tho accounts nnd balance-sheet were audited.-In oponing the general meeting, tho chairman expressed tho regret of tho retiring committee at thc small attendance of members, and called on the secretary to read the report, which was very satisfactory.-Mr. W. G. Henfroy,_ tho treasurer, then read the balarce-sheet, showing a balanco in tho bank of £480 4s ld, which, added to outstanding balances, makes tho club's balanco to oreditof£517 14s ld.-The balance-sheet having been adopted, Mr. Henfrey proposed, and Mr. Ivory seconded-That Mr, Driver be chairman for the ensuing/ year, which was carried unanimously ; as was also tho re-election of Mr, Henfrey to the office of treasurer, on the motion of Mr. E. E. Jones, seconded by Mr. T. Alderson. - The election of a committee of seven was then proceeded with ; when seven gentlemen were nominated, and elected without opposition, as also two others as auditors ; and a vote of thanks to the rotiring com- mittee, propoiedby Mr. KisB, and seconded by Mr. T. Alderson, was carried unanimously.-Mr. Driver, in returning thanks, paid n high nnd well deserved com- pliment to Mr. George Curtis for tho great attention he had paid tm the club's a (fairs ; and then thanked the members for the honour they had confotred upon him by electing him ns chairman. The meeting, which was very poorly attended, was then brought to a close with libations of champagne. At tho conclusion of the meeting, while the " fizz" was being discussed, n Ll sweep was got up on the Homebush Cup, when the horses wore disposed of aa follows, the full value of the sweep being L23 los :-Self-Reliance, L3 ; Stumpy, Ll Í5s ; Australian Buck, L2 15s ; Mabel, L2 10s ; Garibaldi, Ll 5s ; Bawden, L2 ; Juanita, Ll los ; Tho Quack, Ll 5s ; The Spy, L3 15s ; Surbiton, L4 ; Al, Wooroowoolgan, and Wild Wnvo went at the upset prices. The way tho horses sold BXJB a good deal for the handicap, and this is strengthened by offers of an even century on the field againt three going n begging. CRICKET.-A friendly game of cricket took placo last Saturday afternoon in the Domain, between eleven of the Oxford Cricket Club and a similar team of the first eleven of the Surry Club. The matoh 'was a ono innings game, and resulted in a victory for the Surry by 33 runs. .The Bcores were as follow : OXFOKD. SURRY. First Innings. First Innings Mnlronojr, b Morrison . 8 Willi amson, b Smith 0 Hird, b Morrison . .6 Burrows, st Coonan . 14 longden, 1) Burrows . 2 Borner (Victoria), b Byan 2 Slater, st Cl-no . . 0 Harkness, c Coonan, b Byan, c Wright, b Bur- Carolan . . .11 rows - .4 Morrison (captain) c Slater, Canty, c Williamson, b b Carolan . . .3 Burrows . . .1 Tindale, not out . , 30 Coonan (captain) c Clune, Clune, b Carolan . .0 b Morrison . . lb" Harris, c Byan, b Carolan 0 Crotan, c Morrison, b Wright, c and b Smith . 1 Tindale . . .3 Goodwin, st Longden . 7 Smith, c Cluno, b Morrison 0 Scott, st Byan . . O Hogan, nut out . *. 9 Byes 5, wides 8 . .13 Harding, b Morrison .0 - Byes and wides . . ll Total. . . 87 Total . .6* CRICKET. -A match was played 6n Saturday, in the Victoria Park, between* the clubs of St. Paul's School and St. Bornabas's, the latter winning by four runs. THE PRINOE OP WALE3 OPERA HOUSE.-Last night Mr. Frank Hussey and his troupe commenced their short engagement to a large audience. Tho pro- gramme comprised the customary opening concert, negro comicalities, farces, &c.; Mr. Hussey, as usual, kept the audience in convulsions of laughter. Miss Blanche Clifton, in charaotor, sang the " Auctioneer of the World," in her usual pleasing style, and was loudly applauded. Mr. H. Ackland's rendering of tho ballad " Korah O'Neil" was a noticeable feature of the entertainment, and upon being encored, he gave "I'll meet thee at the lane" with much feeling. The "Ghost in a Pawnshop" : elicited tears of mirth, and farmed a happy finale to the entertainment. THB DIVINING- "ROD.-The Wagga Wagga Express has been given to understand that a man named Charles Steward, claiming to possess the powor of discovering tho existence of water below tho surface of the earth, by means of tho divining rod, has lately been exercising hu skill upon certain properties at no great distance from Wagga Wogga. Steward prosecutes his researches alone, and is said to have been singularly successful in other districts in discovering water in apparently the most unlikely-looking spots, judging from surfuce indi- cations alone. Upon one property in the neighbour- hood the owner hos tried to find water by sinking in certain places where it is greatly required, but hitherto without success. So confident, however, is Steward of his ability to pitch upon tho right spot for the dis- covery of tbe desired spring, that at his own risk and oxpense ho has conveyed to thc plnoo ho has selected fer thu trial of his skill tho necessary »labs and othor mate- rials for putting down a well, which he also purposes - to sink at his own expense. If he finds water he is to be paid a certain agrecd-upon sum, but if he foils, is to get nothing. Whatever opinion other people may entertain of hu water-discovering powers, his own con- fidence in them, his acts show, is evidently sincere. Tho locality in which he is now about to put his skill to the test lies in the immediate vicinity of a deep shaft, which nos already been put down without suc- cess in search of a spring. 