TI? SYDNEY MORNING HERALD'S WANDERING REPORTER. TO TOIE EDITOR. lantalt.-Thoro's no'r a villain dwelling In Denmark, but he's an arrant knave. Hloramo.-It needs no ghost to come from the grave, my lord, to tell us this. Sun,-The Sydney Herald has recently published what it appropriately terms " Random Notes of a Wandering Reporter," uch notes having boon sug gosted by a trip to Goulburn during the preserved meat' festivity, and what the reporter saw of our town and its inhabitants. Doubtless many Goul burnitesmust have experioncod genuine surpriso when those notes wore circulated among them. It is to be hoped they will profit by the moral lessons this truthful writer intended to conveoy, and divest thom solves of souch bad habits as crowding round a rail way-station when parting with frionds,-indulging in that perpetual "luncheon" smoke, and looking so peculiarly oriental to the eyes of any visitor who may desire to seo the town, especially after such visitor has boon enjoying a dinner of preserved moats and champagne, whereat one's intellects are apt to got "slightly elevated" above the ordinary intelligoenco of country folks. Now, sir, it strikes me that this correspondent knows "what's what." Bolieve me, ho's none of your dull-eyed travellers who may journey "from Dan unto Boorhohba," and deoolaro all barren; not he indeed. He carries the seed with him, sows and reaps, ploughs and harrows as he goes along, though, mothinks, something too much of the harrowing. Wild flowers do not satisfy this gentleman's taste. iHe must improve upon nature and throw in an exotic here and there by way of variety. There are plenty gulls in Sydney ready to believe these hot-house flowers are indigenous to the soil. It's a pity, sir, that correspondents, when they attempt to "hold the mirror up to nature," are not careful. A plain plato glass front to ouch mirror is far more truthful than all your magnifying lenses. if you have any desire, Mr. Editor, to eater for an intelligent constituency you must securo the servicoes of a wandering reporter. Does it not reflect a dis grace upon our local press that it should allow inter lepers from other papors to monopolise what we should consider locally interesting wonders. As it may be too late now, the Sydney Herald having finished off the sensational in Goulburn, perhaps you will allow me to give your readers an anccount of my trip to Syduoy, and what I saw there. I do not pro tend to the graphic powers of the Sydney Herald's reporter, who evidently possesses the happy knack of blending simple facts with sensational flotion; but what I do write air, I venture to affirm will be an truthful and as wonderful as that written by the cor respondent in whoso stops I follow. I took the half-past three p.m. train from the tGoulburn station-I should say the train tool me. I could not help noticing that the numerous visitors lounging about the station seeomed to have come to bid their friends good-by. They all wore clothing of some sort; and your readors may be surprised, sir, but I assure you it's a fact-there was some confu aion when the train was about to start. There are first and second olass carriages. The former are more expensive to travel in than the latter; but they all run on wheeools, propelled by the engine, which I found upon inquiry was actually worked by steam. Well sir, the train started after giving some sort of a signal-it sounded very much like a whistlo perhaps some of your roadore may have hoeard it. Thoro was a lady with four obhildren, and a lot of boxes and pacolgee, which I hoard the guard call luggago-not the lady and children, sir, but the packages. This lady seeoomed very anxious to have the children in the same carriage with herself. Surely, I thought, they can't he her own, or she never would show so much anxiety about them. It seomed as though she expected these fondlings would have been suddenly transformed into foundlings, and perhaps found lying under the wheels of the engine. 0, motherl is this the way you train up your children ? We got away at last, and I felt much relieved when I got a safe distance from those curious-look ing animals, the bullock- drivers, who seomed to mix with the visitors just is though they were human beings. From the time we started till we got to the next station the train did not stop. The sconary was magnificent while we had daylight; but when it got dark we oseemed to lose sight of the sceonory, except a few stars. I may hero remark that weo saow some of those croatures-bullock-drivers-at most of the stations along the line. I saw one of them take hold of the hand of another and give it ouch a grip. It soomed so queer. I wondered if the fooling of parting wont any deeper than the pain the grip must have given, or whethbor those creatures had hearts like ours to sorrow at parting. But this is wandering; and I shall be as bad as the Wandering Reportor if I don't take care. Well, as I said before, the scenery was beautiful when we saw it. The verdant grass was green, and the undulating fields were not so flat-looking or so monotonous to the eye as the plains. There are ro froahing-looking crooks and rivers, greatly relieving the eye. Some of the rivers or crooks are rather tortuous-looking, having a serpentine formation, the waters of which have a moist appearanoo. The atmosphere I cannot any much for, though, I believe, the weather varies between Goulburn and Sydney. Sometimes it rains; sometimes it don't. I dare say the sun would have shone brightly on the day of my journey had it not been that some dark clouds intervened now and again betwooeen it and the earth. There is much more to relate equally wonderful much indeed that would interest your readers; but my descriptive powers are not equal to the task. I cannot do justice to the prospect all along the line, or the simple inhabitants at the several stations, who behaved very respectfully, only occasionally peooping at us through the open windows; and, above all, I cannotdo justice with my pen to the sandwiches and coffoe we indulged in at the Mitltagong station, though I did justice to them at the time without my pen. This is a very refreshing place, sir. The sandwiches and coffee did not grow hero sir, neither had they boon brought from Sydney; and I am sure your readers will agree with me in the astonishment I experienced when I ascartainod that those refresh ments had boon prepared by some of the peaceful inhabitants of 1lIittagong. It augurs well for the civilization of the interior of Now South VWalos. And when I got back into my seat again I felt very comfortable, though my appetite had boon taken away by the aforesaid refreshments. Yes, sir, I felt very comfortable, and as the night was dark I began to get.into the contemplative mood, and the snorting of the groeat giant in front was music to me. Sometimes it was loud and harsh, at others mild and soothing, and this was the burden of its song :-" Got out of my way-rich or poor, strong or weak-get out of my way. I'm the great civilizoer. I'll smash you all. Make way for the iron-horse; olear the road for the millennium. It's coming, it's coming in my train. I'll scrunch you all if you attempt to impede my progress. I'm force, I am. Governmonts care for me; they give me the besot of nurses, they make a smooth path for me, and food moe with nature's wholesome food, coal and water! What is the exquisite machinery of men fashioned by the Great Architect to my beautiful framework turned out by the hand of man F What's his mind and soul, that it should be cared for by government more than the vapour and my motive-power P Bosh I Let 'em swill and guzzle, guzzle and swill, till they burst, so long as my ma chinery is tenderly cared for. I'm the mighty civi lizer; got out of my road. 'Men may come and men may go, but I go on for over I'-while thoro's steam to keep me going. What's beauty to me, and all that sort of thing P I hoeed it not. What care I for your fine fields, your cattle, your sheep, your pretty gardens, your iris flowers, or your luscious fruits I My path is a straight one. I show favour to none. You, madam, may take your place upon the cushioned seats of my train, and you, my good woman, may content yourself with hard wood to rest upon. I ask not if you be clothed in silks or print, ermine or fustian. I take you both at the same paco I to your present destination on oarth, ae I believe the groat uneoon Power will take your souls to their fIn ture destinations. I- " I then went to sloop, sir, dreamt of the train ran. ning over slaepors, and did not wake up till we arrived at the Sydney selation. I will eandeavor in my next paper to give you an account of what I saw in Sydney and the impression made upon me. FACT. 