8¥l 1 S0ELLAH EO U S. A iRnd-to-hand affair— Marriage. New Rivers — Fresh water-creases. New Division of Time— "The rest of the week" — Sunday. Disagreeable and Impertinent — Ruin staring a person in the face. " The good die young," especially during the season of green fruit. What sore of leggings would you explore the Nile with ?— Alli-yaiYers. It is a mistake to suppose the sun is supported in the skies by its beams. Does an actor always act in a friendly spirit when he takes an actor's part ? A man who has tried it, says that all the short cuts to wealth are overcrowded. " Good blood will show itself, as the old toper said, struck by the redness of his nose. What is that which is so brittle that if you name it you are sure to break it ? — Silence. Why is coffee like an axe with a dull edge ? — Because it has to be ground before it is used. The First Much Preferred. — Some people have a voice and won't sing ; others will sing without haying a voice. A wag said of an egotistical author, " Some body should take pity on his readers, and put out his Us. Mankind should learn temperance from the moon — the fuller she gets, the shorter her horns become. A sign announcing "The Vacuum Cure," is hung out from the window of an eating- house in London. Die-Stuffs. — A wife asked her husband if druggists kept dye- stuffs for sale. He replied, " Most druggists keep little else but die-stuffs. A Clincher.— Caa you eteer the main-mast down tne forecastle stairs f asked a sea-captain of a new recruit, . " Yes, sir, I cau, if you will stand below and coii it up." Immaterial. — Why should we never be fright ened at the appearance of a ghost?. Beeause if it is a ghost, its appearance must, in the nature of things, be immaterial. Thirsty Soul;— Au old toper at the "seaside always eats the saltest fish he can 'get for break fast, because, as he says, it gives hint a thirst sdl . day. that he wouldn't take" teu pounds fpr. ' , ; . Circumstances AlterCases. Ho w do you and your jrife get on ?" " Oh, rather badly She! j gave mt her hand a while ago, stud I fch naked her ; ; she gives it me now every time I speak, and I'd thank her not to." Interesting.— " Wife," said a broker a few days since, " do you think I shall ever be worth £50,000 ?" " Ain't I worth that to you?" said the confiding spouse. " Y-e-s," said the other half; but I cab't put you out at interest." 'Hp An Affectionate Parishioner.— The Curate: " Ldfthir; (hie) ! wh&tsh; the oddkfrl l shdaurTl!" " r ! , ABAD DlSAPPOnMBHT: ' I sav, Bill, they ain't5 a'-goin' to bombard Pans after all." 2nddifto:'"What are they up to then?' 1st ditto : fr Slowed Tf I khdw !what | they're up to. It ain't no use Tiiftkih' -up one s mind 'to hothihk in this world." ; - ! An American paper mentions the - pase of a Woman who is bo large round her waist that fier husband can't embrace her all at 6n0e' f but when he takes one hug he makes a chalk nfarlc, sb'ksto know where to commence the next ' time going round. i -oa; Johnson on Scotchmen. — Bosyrell; was ob serving to Johnson that there was ho instance .of a beggar dying for want in the streete bTGcdtlahd; " I believe, sir, you are very right," said Johnson ; " but this does notarise from the want of beggars, but the impossibility of starving a Scotchman." New Cure for Blindness.— -Jone's rsaid to Hawkins, a crusty old bachelor, " What a pity that poor old Golden has gone blind. Loss of sight is a terrible thing, and the poor fellow's byes are quite sealed up."— " Let him marry, then," exclaimed the waspish old celibate ; "let him marry, and if that don't open his eyes, then — then his case is indeed hopeless." Weighty Matrimonial Aphorisms,— In a breach-of- promise case in Liverpool, the presiding judge delivered himself of two aphorisms worthy of preservation. The defendant's counsel, having argued that the lady had a lucky escape from one who had proved so inconstant, the judge remarked that " what the woman loses is the man as he ought to he." . Afterwards, when there was a debate as to the advisability of .a marriage be tween a man of forty-nine and a girl of twenty, his Lordship remarked that " a man is as old as he feels ; a woman as old as Bhe looks." Hood's Jokes on Himself.— The very fingers so aristocratically slender that now hold tbe pen hint plainly at the " ills flesh is heir to — my coats have become great coats, my pantaloons are turned into trousers, and by a worse bargain than Peter Schlemil's, I seem to have retained my shadow and sold my substance. In short, as happens to premature old port wine, T am of a bad colour, with very little body. I am working, nevertheless, with pen and pencil, in spite of the M.D.'s, -who ordered me to do nothing ; but I found it so hard to do that, I preferred writing and drawing. Besides which, for all my ill-look- ingness, there is one man coming to draw me, and another to model me, as if I were fat enough to bust. Luckily, I am capital at sitting just now, and not bad at lying ; as to walking or standing, I am as feeble almost as a baby on my pins, which, by the way, have dwindled into needles. A Physician in the Witness Box. — The standard legal dictionaries in use may be searched in vain for more accurate definitions of legal terms than those recently given by a physician of Pulaski, Tennessee, as reported to us by a leading member of the bar of that place. Mr. B. and a Mr. L., opposing counsel in a pending case, were engaged in taking depositions to be used on the trial of the cause. The question as to a certain woman's soundness of mind being in dispute; a physician was called as a medical expert, and during his examination the following dialogue took place ; " Do you think this lady is of sound mind ?" — " No, sir ; I do not." " Does she know the difference between a ' power of attorney' and an absolute conveyance?" — "No, sir, of course she don't; and there are very few women that do." " Do you know the difference?" " Yes, sir ; of course I do. Do you suppose I1 am an ignoramus ?" — " Well, sir, will you be kind enough to tell us the difference ?" — " Well, a ' power of attorney is the strength of mind of any particular lawyer; and an absolute con veyance' is a hack, or omnibus, or railway car, or something of the sort." / " Ingoldsby's" Cats. — In the London, home verse came to Barham as easily as benevplence ; aud benevolence was often the occasion- of light and easy verse. From men down to cats, he had sympathy with all, and, especially1 with cats. His house had several samples of the race, 'and to one of them whom he had rescued ' from the cruelty of street Arabs, and brought home in his coat- tails, ' half dead aud half drowned, Barham addressed some true IngoldBbian lines, when " jerry" had grown saucy in prosperity. ToJerby. Jerry, my cat, 1 What would you be at ? What makes you so restless? — you're sleek and you're fat, - And you've ev'rything cosy about you — now that Soft rug you are lying on heats any mat. Yoar coat's smooth as siifr, . You've plenty of miJk ; You've the fish bones for dinner,1 and always o' nights 1 For supper, you know, you've a penn'orth o' lights. Jerry, my cat, What the deuce are you at ? What is it, my Jerry, that fidgets you so? - What is it youire wanting Jerry: Moll Roe ! Moll Roe ! Oh, don't talk to ine of Buch nonsense as that! You've been always a very respectable cat. As the Scotch would say " Whiles You've been out on the tales But you've sown your wild pats,' and you very well know You're no longer a kitten. , Jerry: Moll Ene! Moll Roe! Well, Jeny, I'm really concerned for your case, I've been young and can fancy myself in your place! , ;.f ; Time has been Fye stood u " . By the edge of tbe wood . And have mus d, that is, whistled, a8oundju8t as good ; . But we're both of us older, my c&t;, as yob know, And, I hope, are grown wiser. ; 7 ,7 ;> , - Jerry: Moll Roe! Moll Roel: Life-like in Death. — Dr. Logan ftustell, in a letter" to the editor of the Lemcfe remarks : " Sir,— A few days since, the genea-al public was excited by the account of a headless horsetean,' who was eeen Yiding furiously at he'lakttle of > Wberth.. The few following from notes5 during the late Americans toar, ifl 'behr some analogy to he above. After the battle of SrfrageVStauonjBifcuatedonYorkRiteiRadhoad, I from White House on toe '-Betttoilnkey to - 'J&ohmbud;, the capital pf Virginia, On<the, retteat of General M'Giellan from the Ohiokahominy, the rearguard of the North formed lifte of battle across the railroad to contest the advance of the enemy, also to give time for removal of militOty etores and ambulances. The Union forces wore untmvered , with the exoeption of portion of their left/whiqh was m the woodu The Sotfth ' 1 1 - "v i 1 ?:' V'Ji ! I ntenifig Agtmi ftitei, k 1 perfecttyWff I life. His gun was 'bftrojghfc to the shoulder in I act of firing ; cheek pressed against stock; left e I clds j right open, glancing along the" barrd A gun utmipd. 2nd. Body m perpendicular again 1 a ' tree gnn to, reafiy; head forward 1 purpose of observing sight for aim; was atrn! 1 in this position,- hall entering nasal emine 1 passing but below occipital ptotruberance. - a»a' 1 One knee restihg on ground rifiegrasped ih lift I hand for purpose of: loading ; cartridge in light 1 hand abotit an ineh from mouth, the end Lavini? 1 been |>i£ten off. 4tb. At the battle of Antietehf State of < Maryland, in front of the old church on I rpafi from Shaftsbury to Hagger's Town, an E ariillerymati 1 in ( Henrico's Baterw (General I StbhewallJackBOB'B army), while in the act of I " thunching;" was killed by a ball in the forehead, He remained stiff and fixed. R 