THE GIPSY'S GLASS. ' [frohcasseli/smagazixe ] Cissy Thorne was sittuig at her toilet table, skipping a novel while her maid Emma brushed her long, thick, silky hair. Some people said it was false, because there, was so much of it; ? other Christians were certain it must be dyed, seeing that it had that particular bright golden tint which, is so often, due to art : but Emma knew better. Tfcat exemplary girl teok the same sort of pride in her mistress's hair that a good r : a groom does in the coats of his master's horses, and waa never tired of currying — I mean brush ing it. Fortunately, the young lady took an ' .. equal pleasure in her passive part of the per formance, and so both were satisfied. When the spoiled beauty did not know what else to do, she went np to her room, teok off her dress, and had her hair brushed ; it was a ladylike substitute for smoking a pipe, . I wonder that Darynn has not instanced tbe ? nii»«iK- -ma f»l in hf-intr stroked tie rieht wav. .; in favor of his hist theory. I believe that Cissy : was often very near purring, especially in ; thundery weather, when her hair crackled like an experiment .,-.,, , , '; ' Well, Emma, did yon go to thefair ? asked the brushes, laying down her book. -.i ' Yes, miss, I did.' 'And what did you see V' ?'.'??' 'I saw a horsemanship, where. they rode i standing, and jumped through hoops ; wonder- ' fol!' ; -? ' And did yon go on one of the roundabouts that are worked by a steam-engine, which plays ?- an organ !' ' . * ' So, miss 1' replied Emma, with an emphasis. ' Do yon know, Emma, I should liko to, if no onesaw.' ? ' i ' Lor, miss ! they are crowded with such a low lot, they axe.' „ : ' Low lots, as you call them, seem to have all £ the fun,' said Cissy, with a half -sigh. ' And what else did you see ?' ' I went to a— fortune-teller. '- 'No! Inatent?' ?..--?? ' There were littlo tents about, but it -was a yellow cart I went into ; not in the fair exactly, » W in the clump, before you come to it. She's wonderful !' ; ' Is she! though ! What did she say ! Tell me,' cried the excited Cissy, who was troubled ; with yearnings after the supernatural. ' She told me all sorts of things which sho couldnot haveknownnatural;amoleonmyneck; ? how long I have been in service ? ' ' Yes, yes. but the future; did she say anything about that r ' She did more, miss, she showed it mo.' 'No!' ' In a round glass ; aa true aa I'm standing here ; I saw him plain.' ' Your future husband 1' ' As is to be ; yes, miss.' ? ? The two girls had been playmates when very little, and there was much more familiarity be- ' . . tween them than is customary with mistress and maid. So Emma had to enter into all the mysterious details of the cabalistic ceremony. ? ' What fun !' cried Cissy. **I should so like to go ; I will go! The fortune-teller's caravan is not actually in the fair, you say ; and there will not bo many people about if we start early.' ' Lor, miss ! what will your pa and ma say 1' ' I don't know ; I'll do it first and ask them afterwards, for fear they might object. Wo will go to-morrow morning, directly after breakfast, mind.' Mr. Thorne was a steward'; I do not mean an official attached to a steam-packet, in charge of a china shop full of whits basins, but a manager of large estates in the country ; & woll-to-do_ man, who had a small property of his own, which ho farmed in the most inteiligont and neatest stylo, on the outskirts of the market town of Littelnn. Mrs. Thorne was plump, good-natured, and lazy, yet somewhat proud and sensitive j she fancied the county families were patroniiing, and she would not be patronised. Cissy was their only child, and- they thought much of her, honestly believing that there never was such another baby — chud— maiden. Of course tho paragon was never sant to school, and her governesses were selected principally with reference to their power of appreciating her merits. ? Nevertheless, she was very charaingj and had two lovers ; I do not mean mere admirers, but two men who were ready to marry her, if sho would but choose one of them. But she could not quito make up her mind wbich of tho braco to select. ' If this gispy would only show me which I am to take, it would save me a world of trouble,' she said to horself with a smile ; ' but of course - that is all nonsense. Yet if ska did, I vow* that I should be guided by it. ' Ono aspirant was Fendil Frognioro, a landed proprietor in thg neighborhood, very poor; for though hiB rent-roll was a fair one, his debts were enormous ; bnt very handsome and well sot np. Indeed, he had beta in tho Blues ; I don't mean in fcaa sfirito, but ft nan in tumour, conuaanlinj; D i . ,. ,. ? , n v taen in armour, and his wifo would be ua e doabtedly county. ? 9 Charles Wilson -was the name of tho other ; he t 'was a youug London, solieitor, who had just boon I taken into a good firm, aud was now on a visit to iiis mother, hu Indian colouol's widow, -who re sided at LiUelun. Mrs. Wilson nnd Mrs. Thorno . were good friends, so alt was smooth, there. Airs. 1 'Wilson had murmured, indeed, when she first saw I lier sou's inclination— ' Would she bo a companion for you, Charles ? would «he bo able to take an interest iu the same things you did {'' ' jNo, mother ; and that is just what I want. I should hate a wife that was as clever as myself. But how can you fail to see her merits .' She is such a very nice littlo party J' ' Partie, Charley, pariic : how dreadfully bad yonr French accent is ? I giant that she would not be a bad match for you*from a worldly point of view.' Frogmora was the more handsomo, Wilson tho Hnore pleasant. Really, if fate would settle tho matter for her, it would save Cissy Thome a world «o£ trouble. ... So the pretty bono of contention thought; as slio c 8tarted \rith her tnaidEmtua for Littlcun Hursf at nine a.m. ; for Mr. Thorno breakfasted early, and his daughter presided,. Mrs. Thorne being a ? slnggard. Sotaarum was heard, not a pindcau lote, astboy stepped briskly along '; tho gtiiBer bread husbands were covered upborn, iho duBt ; the nierry-go-rouuds were still ; the clown was darning his dress ; the donkeys breakfasted f rogally oneach other's luancs ; the fire-oater was trying a diet of bacon, bread/ and garlic, for a, change. Business never commehesd in the fair before the afternoon'. . But Miss. Thome's vitit was not to the fair ; to tha right, soino five htm-; dred yards from tho common, thciil wa3 a clump of sparse trees, and sheltorcJ beneath them stood one of those yellow huts on wheels which act so vividly upon tho imaginations of village children. This was the abodo ot the sibyl, and the adven turesses turned aside towards it. Eramawent first up the 8tci-s, Sad tapped with the bright brass knocker ; tho door opouel im mediately, aud a woman of tho mystic race ap peared — young, haudsoinc as a Spaniard, though her splendid blact hair was rather coarso, if you came to examine it too closely. ? Emma drew back, to let her mistress enter first. ' Walk in, my pretty lady,' said the gip3y ; 'don't be ufeard ; I am quite alono here.' Although the fun of the fair did not commence till late in tho day, it was evident that custom came betimes to the sibyl, for idl traces of night disorder had disappeared from the miniature in terior, which was spick and span, neat and clean ; obviously prepared for visitors. The small apart ment was still further reduced by a curtain, which ran on brass rings along a rod, enclosing a portion of tho space. Tho gipsy examined Cis3y's hand, and began making shots— centre3 though, most ; bull's-eyes, come. . ** You are an only child, and yonr father and mother would give you gold to eat, if yon wanted it ; you had a bad illness four or five yoitrs ago ; when a child yoa were in great peril from 'a dog.' A lot more to the Fame feif-rct, coached in vague language, but very correct. Cissy, begau to be eorry that she Laa come. 'There's t»vo gentle- men as is very sweet upon you, jny tjretty.iady,' continued tha unpoetic sibyl ; ' ? if you . marry one yoa will be unhappy all your life, bat if you take the other you will be lacky,'an-l livo to be eighty, and rido in your carriage ami ,p;iir all tha time.' The idea' of this rather protracted drive amnsed Cissy, and that revived her courage. After all, the woman might have made inquiucs abont her on the chance of her coming. ' And how am I to know which of these gentle* men to choose. ?' she a.*kcd.in a bantering tone. ' Ah, that I cannot tell, my lady j bnt you can look in the Magic Glass for yourself, and see if it chow* yon aught.' ' Let me see it then,' said Ci«sy bravely, though the feeling of creepiness began to return. The gipsy eaid that* Emma should leave the caravan ; bnt Cissy would cot have that, so a coru jpromiso was effected ; the maid was blindfolded. Then the gipsy drew slides across the little win dows on either side, producing & deep twilight. Then tho curtain at the f nrther end slowly parted, revealing a wall of black cloth, tightly stretched, in the centre of which was fixed a circular mir ror, abont two feet in diameter, andtbia gradually became luminous. Cissy's nervousness returned with increased force, and she grasped the hand of her blindfolded maid. A tableseparated the girls from tho mirror ; and whether it was owing to the magic quality of the glass, or tho angle at which it was placed, itcli'lnot reflect the figuresstanding before it. Indeed, it was more liko groand-gia&s; than an ordinary mirror; ground-glass, with a feeble light behind it. Presently tbo surface became covered with ill defined, shifting shadows, which gathered so thickly as to obscure the whole of it ; and then it gradually cleared, and a head ' and shoulden) grew upon it ; it cleared a little more and revealed— the undoubted face of Charles Wilson. Cissy stood aghast in awestruck terror before this supernatural intimation ; when sud denly, as she gazed, the face before her became convoked with an expression of terrible agony. She nttered a little cry and fainted. Fresh air and cold water soon brought her to ; ehe fee'd tho gipsy, and utartcd hoiaewarde. ' Yon eee'd him, notes ?' inquired Erama, ''Yea; and I'll never marry anyone eke, if I die an old maid. But oh, what can that dread ful expression on his face foretell ? I fear that come awful calamity will happen some day.' ? A not improbable dread. There wa» one con solation; fate and Cissy's secret wishes had bit it off nicely. Girls are queer thingK, and she bad hardly known tbat she preferred Charley Wilson as much as she did. In due time ho offered, and was accepted ; and they were married, and went for their honey moon to tho Lake of Como. One ovening Charles Wilson rowed hi3 bride oat in a very clumsy tub. ' How eeriouH you are, Ciagnms !' bo said, find ing her less chatty than usual, 'Did that bravo looking beggar fnghton you ? Because hia. frowsy head shall bepunched if he did.' ' Oh, no ; on. don't offend him !' cried the young wife. 'I aro sure ho has got what the Italians call the Evil Eyo !' ' Has he 'I Well, never mind ; tho Americans have invented a potion which, counteracts ' iho effect.' . . 'Really?' ??? ., ' . '. ' Yes ; when we return I will got that gentle man' from New York stopping at the hotel to con coct us an Eyeopener ; that will mako it all right-' '-,'.? ' Oh, do I' cried Mrs. Wiluon ; nnd her husband paddled on. ' I say, CisanmB,' ho said pre sently, resting on bis oara, 'don't think that I am finding fault, because yon have i ot got any faults, so that would be absurd ; but aro yon not rather superstitious V ' And if I am, I have a right to bo,' said fcho. ' Ah ! any particular experience V And he ?wormed out of her the whole Btory. ' I am sorry I told you,' nbe cried when he buret out laughing ; ' you don't bcltovo it ! You had betteT call me a Btory-teller at onco.' ' Believe it, my dear ! I ara ready to uwcar to it. You did not sco my_ ghost, though ; you ?were looking at rno. L waa ia a dreadfully con fined position, and that thief of a gipsy was no long about her preliminaries that I got a horrible cramp in my right calf, and made a face, which I thoughfc.wxmld betray. me.' ?--'-): ?-..?; ,_..?-,,. j ?, . ,.. The bride burst out crying. ',A'^ vnn bribed m? m&id; ; and laid a plofc with a common gipsy to decoivd mo ; aud nearly frightened mo to death ; and were laughing at mo ali the time— oh !' she sobbed. ' All's fair in love,' said Wileon. sheepishly. 'It was unworthy of you I' sho continued ; 'you have married mo on f.vko protouce3. 1 shall never feel tho sauto toward you ; I will never forgive you, never 1' But shu did. 