PICKINGSFROMMELBOURNEPUNCH. INSANE JOKES, . tvny is a man ot nrmness like a ieuow witn eight legs?— Because he is able to show his forti tude (he's forty-toed) What is the difference between a dying man and «? tuap mat caiiiiUL guess mis:— une gives up me ghost and the other the riddle. Why is a man slowly expiring of a lingering complaint like a wretch being trampled to death? —One dies by inches and the other by feet. What is a man that 6teals boluses ?— A pill-ferer. What is next to a pretty fight?— A lovely row. Why is it not right to desert a woman?-Because she is then left alone. What is the difference between the old husband of a young wife and a paratine lamp?— One bums with jealousy and the other with kerosine. Domestic Hints.— A shirt can always be pro duced by sewing one. Children left alone in a room will soon produce a nice pickle. The dinner bell has nothing to do with the peals of potatoes. If ycur coat is a tight fit, it is a case of clothes confinement; but wives generally do not go in for the silent system. The dark ages are those of ladies over thirty. Mental and Physical.— The latest instance on record of sense being knocked forcibly into the heads of people is nairated by a correspondent of the Dunolly Express, who tells how a refractory Jury was rendered unanimous by the forcible way in which the case was put te them by the Fore man—a man of colossal build and herculean strength— who actually had to hammer his brethren over the head before they would agree to a verdict unanimously, on seeing the strikiag way he had in laying the case before them. Poor Fellow.— There is a man in America who has been arrested so often that the police are ashamed to be seen walking with him, ani punished so seldom that he has begun to complain of it himself. A Plaque on Both tour Hodses.-A friend of ours describes the Lower Chamber as the House of Contention, and the Upper as the House of Detention. Strange Events.— A man went to town yester day in at oivertng rage. A lawyer also dro\e down to his omce in one of his own conveyances. A cabman has caught a passenger in a wagonette. A lady who lost her temper has been seen in a pet. A farmer haB soled a horseshoe, and heeled the )oot of a coach. A case of blacking has been nought .before Mr. Sturt; it was for blacking eyee. home pigs have been sent to the Alfred Hospital ;o be cured. Two horses have been attached to it i,^8*' hun£ UP Bear tne Custom-House. Dr. JIueller has decided that a dog-rose is not a colley flower. A man having lost some harness, an analytical chemist has discovered some traces. A question has arisen whether a man can dot his (s)ize. A man who dined off a saddle of mutton afterwards ate a hanky pancake. A new kind of bean haB been discovered— every branch of the plant has a tripod. Accidents.— A man has been drowned in a aillianl poo). An unfortunate fellow has had his \ ife taken by an Insurance Company. A gentleman ias had his arms quartered. An accountant has lost his head while running up a column. J Qoeer Things.— The aunt that travels with 1 only one trunk— The eleph-ant. A warm attach- ! ment— Fixing on a red-hot horseshoe. Shells not ! feared by the French— Egg-Bhells, pea-shells, and '? nut-shells. The birds at a wake— (H)owls. Cons.— When does a man wind up his affairs?— When his tick is stopped. What is most easy and : yet quite impossible to do?— Lending your counte- * nance to a friend. What bell makes most noise? -LibelO). Con. by a Bailiff.— When should you give your clothes to your landlord?— When they are rent/ j Memo.— The difference between an under-boiled \ pudding and a Lancashire dance is very trivial, as both are cloggy. Good Paper.— This is an enlightened age-we are not alluding to the newspaper of that name— and the Press is its most shining charactetistic. If the age remained in a state of darkness, it would ! not be the fault of its typographical teachers. The j very names of the journals which greet us are ! luminous. Fust we made the acquaintance of the j Banner of Light; next of the Harbinger of Light; ? and now we have to acknowledge the receipt of the I Australian Israelite. This last-mentioned paper \ is devoted to the interests of our Jewish friends, j and this is sot the first time we have noticed the interest attaching to paper passing through their hands. We trust-and that is a plucky thing to do in these times— that we shall deceive no one when we say that this paper is deserving of the utmost credit. It should pass current anywhere as first- class, and be taken up at any time by the most careful Hebrew with complete satisfaction. Hail and Beer.— By the latest telegram from i Adelaide we learn that hailstones and a downfall of heavy wet were imminent. This change will doubtless prove most acceptable to the community, and prevent their being robbed of their beer, now that the brewers and publicans have combined to raise the price of malt liquors iu that quarter. Wanted,— The keyhole in the trunk of an elephant. The handle of the brush of a fox. The teeth of a coxcomb. The castors of a multiplication table. The legs of a toadstool. The mattress of an onion bed. The hinge of the box on the ear. The cushion for ninepins. A piece of glass for the human frame. The opening dance of a heel ball. 3IISCELLANEOUS. A washerwoman's motto— Let us soap for the best. j What is equal to a silver mug!— A Goodwood cup. What grown-up daughters like papa to do— To make alloicancc*. A good kind of sap— Vcrbum sap. Query— Can a standing debt be set down? A jewel of the first water— The Yan Yean jet 