IRELAND. South Lublin Union. — -No Catho lic Need Apply. — The mastership of this union became vacant by death during the past feAv Aveeks. There Avere a great number of candidates, amongst others the assistant-master, avIio had virtually been doing the master's duty for the last three years, and avIio Avas considered to have done it so efficiently that an addition of £25 per annum was voted to his salary. He had one fatal fault lioAvever— he Avas a Catholic, and so a stranger Avas put in over his head, avIio does not belong to the obnoxious religion. It is Avorthy of remark that of the five candidates standing at the head of the list in point of Arotes not one Avas a Catholic — and that obviously the tried if not the best man Avas passed over solely because of his faith. Yet Protestants and Conservatives are very indignant if they do not get fair play, and nn equality in the distribution of favors in the gift of the people. The Home Rule Movement. — The Cork Toavii Council liaAe determined officially to recognise the Home Rule movement. A committee Avas ap pointed to receive Mr. Butt on his visit to lecture in the city, and a motion Avas adopted approving of the movement for obtaining a Parliament for Ireland. A Conservative seconded the resolution for the appointment of a committee. The French College, Blackrock, and tiie Pope's Jubilee. A meeting of the Avliole French College, Blackrock, Dublin, Avas held on Whitsunday in the great hall of S. Patrick, to take into consideration the best Avay of cele brating the Pontifical Jubilee of the Holy Father, upon the 25th anniver- sary of his happy accession, on Avhich, by the singular providence of God, he Avill be the first of the Roman Pontiffs avIio has approached almost to the years of Peter. The chair Avas taken by the Yery ReAr. Father Leman, of the Order of the Holy Ghost and of the Immacu late Heart of Mal-y, President of the College, and Avas attended by the Avhole staff of Professors, and all the students, ecclesiastical and lay, numbering about 180\. Some of the former students of the College, at present studying at the Catholic UniArersity, Avere also present After the object .of the meeting had been briefly explained by the Yery Rev. Chairman, the folloAving resolutions i Avere proposed and carried by acclama tion : — " That at the present crisis in the history of the Church, Avhen the throne of the Yicar of Christ is left Avith no other defence but the loyalty and affection of his children, it is the duty of every Catholic, to do Avhat in him lies in support of the temporal rights of the Holy Father." — " That at the present moment it is most import ant that in our Catholic College and educational institutions a spirit of loy alty to the sacred person of the Yicar of Christ should make itself felt even in the youngest of their members, that they may be the better enabled in their future life, both public and private, to profess and defend those sound Catholic principle upon Avliick the Avell-being of society rests, and for the sake of Avhich the Holy Father is iioav a prisoner in the Yatican." — " That as the Holy Father has ever sIioavii the greatest interest in the Avelfare of Ireland and of France, it is tlie special duty of the inmates of this College, in Avliich both nations are represented, to reciprocate that sympathy and to condole Avith him in his. misfortunes." — "That the mem bers of this College pledge themselves both iioav and hereafter to the mainten ance of the principles taught by the Holy See, as the best proof of their loyalty to the Holy Father, and of their undying attachment to the faith Avhich they inherit from S. Patrick." — "That in order to sIioav further our deep arene- ration for. the Pontiff King a committee be chosen by this meeting to draAv up an address and to cpllect subscriptions for the presentation of an offering to his Holiness Pope Pius IX., on the 16tli day of June next, being the 25th anniversary of his happy accession, upon Avhich, by God's permission, he Avill approach more nearly than any of his predecessors to the years of Peter." The folloAving are the names of the students elected to form the committee : — Messrs. W. Taaffe, Captain F.C.CC., W. J. Harbison, P. Cahill, A. F. O'Keefe, T. Lennessy, Gerald F. Grif fin. There Avas evidently one feeling uppermost in the minds of all, both of professors and students, that loyalty to the Holy Father must be, more than ever, an essential part of education ; and that this loyalty is best sIioavh forth by a hearty child-like obedience to his voice, as to that of the living in fallible teacher of the Church, and tlie highest guardian of the Avell-being of society, and of the liberties both of na tions and of men. The meeting Avas brought to a close by a vote of thanks to the Yery Rev. President, and to the Rev. F. Lequintree, who, before de voting himself to the priesthood, had served in the Pontifical Zouaves. Month's Mind. — The month's mind of the late lamented Rev. James PoAver, P.P., brother of the Rev. P. PoAver, of Flint, and John PoAver, of Oldcotes, Avas celebrated on Monday, May 29tli, in the.beatiful parish church of Coligan, in presence of a large number of the clergy of the diocese, many of Avhom came from a great distance, to reneAV their prayers and testify their lasting regard for a clergyman Avhoin they re spected in life and lamented in death. His brother clergymen highly esteemed him for his many shining virtues, Avliilst his parisioners almost idolized liini for his zeal and devotedness as a pastor, his kindly disposition, his love for his people, and his desire on all occasions to promote their spiritual in terest. The feeling of love and vene ration in Avhich he Avas held Avas evinced by the immense congregation Avliicli filled every portion of the sacred edifice. The ReAL T. PoAver Avas for nine years the faithful and zealous par ish priest of Kilgobinet, and his memory Avill not soon fade in the recollection of those Avho had the benefit of his ac quaintance and spiritual administra tions. Solemn High Mass Avas cele brated at 12 o'clock in the presence of the Lord Bishop. Eeath of the Yery Rev. Er. Spratt. — Every citizen of Eublin Avill read Avith sincere soitoav the announce ment Avliich stands at the head of this paragraph. A truly good and amiable mau has been called from the scene of his beneficent and pious labors, and has left a aoid Avliicli cannot readily lie filled. There Avas no path of Christian duty, no application of Christian charity, that Avas a stranger to Er. Spratt's heart or to his daily life ; but there Avere certain forms of human suf fering to Avliich lie ministered Avith spe cial tenderness : and there was one desolating vice against Avhicli he con tended Avitli all his powers. The orphan found in liini a father, and the homeless Avanderer of the streets a refuge ; while the Brink Demon, that, more than all other causes combined, fills our poor- houses Avith orphans and our streets Avith outcasts, found in him a vigilant, untiring, life-long foe. Retiring and unobtrusive by nature, in this last cause he permitted himself to be prom inently before the public. It Avas in the actual service of this cause, too, that he died, for death struck him Avliile he Avas administering the tem perance pledge, immediately after cele brating Mass, on Saturday, May 27th, in Wliitefriar-street Chapel. Er. Spratt was born in Eublin in 1798. Ha- ving received his early education in this city, he Avas sent, at the age of 18, to a Car melite College in Spain. His noviciate over, he returned, at the age of 22, to this country, a member of the Carme lite Order, of Avhich he subsequently became Superior in Ireland. The Wliitefriar-street schools Avere the first fruits of his youthful zeal. The Or phanage, located at first in Aungier- street, iioav enlarged and transferred to York-street, Avas also an early project, as it Avas the object of his fatherly so licitude to the last. Buring the fearful years of famine and fever, 1846-9, Er. Spratt toiled night and day in the ad ministration of relief to the suffering- multitudes avIio thronged the committee rooms in Avhich he served. He estab lished the Night Refuge, Avliich has saved from a miserable death many a houseless wanderer, as a reference to our columns on any Monday morning Avill attest. Buring the last cholera visitation in this city, the Relief Com mittee sought aid from his ripe expe rience and energy and practical good sense. We need not say the aid was cheerfully given. From no good cause Avithin his reach Avas it ever Avithheld. For many years he Avas, and to his death remained, one of the Honorary Secre taries, as he Avas one of the chief pillars and supporters, of the Sick and Indigent Roomkeepers' Society. At an extraor dinary meeting, the Society resolved to assemble at 12 o'clock on Tuesday at their premises in Palace-street, and thence to join the funeral cortege. All yesterday sorroAving croAvds passed to Wliitefriar-street to take a last and re- a'erent farewell of his familiar ever- kindly features. A Solemn Office and Requiem Mass Avas celebrated. The immense concourse of people Avho at tended the funeral on Tuesday showed in a very marked manner the respect and esteem universally entertained for him. Many Protestants of different denominations, including seA'eral clergy men, took part in this tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased. Along the line of the funeral procession the streets Avere crowded Avith spectators, large numbers of Avhom swelled the procession or accompanied it to the end. Mosi of the places of business Avere par tially or altogether closed, and tlie de monstration Avas not confined to those of the reiigious demonstration to Avhich the deceased belonged, but extended to all creeds. It Avould be impossible to estimate the number of persons Avho assembled to pay the last sad mark of respect to the remains of the lamented deceased, but tliev must have amounted to tens of thousands.- -Irish Times. Marriage of Lord O'Hagan. — A marriage lias been arranged betAveen Lord O'Hagan, the Lord High Chan cellor of Ireland, and Miss Towneley,the youngest daughter of Colonel ToAvneley. Westmeatii Election. — There are three candidates before the electors — Sir John Ennis, Mr. James Arthur. Lease, and Mr. P. J. Smyth. Mr. Smyth is for home rule. Mr. Lease is against it. Sir John Ennis is un decided. It is said that the tAvo latter have resigned, leaving Mr. Smyth alone in the field. The Representation of Galavay. — The Tree man's Journal states that a rumor is in circulation that Mr. W. H. Gregory, M. P., will be the neAv GoArernor of Ceylon. i 