ARCHDEACON STRETCH AND MB NAYLEB. to the editor of the courier. bra, — I have joat read in yonr issue of the 6th the epitome of Archdeacon Stretch's onslaught on Spiritism and Spiritists, which ia as discredit able to him u a gentleman as it is unbecoming of him aa a clergyman, though quite in keeping ' wren me assumption ana intolerance which cha racterise those " blind leaders of the blind," who en egrrgionsly " do err, not knowing the Scrip tures, nor the power of God," and whom foe Bev. Dr Gilbert Billot, Dean of Bristol, wished on foe public platform that foey should be tola openly and plainly foat they are not lords over God'e heritage. Ab I am be who delivered tbe misre presented lecture (on the 1st of November), and as I am what the Archdeacon opprobriously calls "one of foe teacher of this devilish creed," It seems writ down in my duty to inform his reve rence and his misinformed hearers that Spiritists are cruSlus, red that 8pifilfem embraces all Breeds, sects, peoples, nations, and tongues; as liberal, at charitable, red aB retentive is foe uni verse; the reverse. of tbe Archdeacon's creed, which — as he tells ids flock — " except a «»" believe faith folly he cannot be saved," tbut." must inevitably be damned to torments In hell fire throughout endless duration! "Oh horrible, horrible, most horrible! " It is, Mr Editor, trnty lamentable foat in this boastedly " enlightened age," priests, parsons, red preachers should be anch close imitators of the priests, high priests, and phariieee, who accused Jasusof bring a de ceiver; asserting " he hath a devil, and is mad;" and charging Paul and Silas with having fowled foe world upiideAown. Had foe un&aeacon; beard the lecture with his own ears, he wonld not, oonld not, so have outraged joatiae red truth aa to have represented Spiritists donntananring " thieving, adultery, or sins of another nature." 11 such cntpoorings of groee calumny be not what foe Apostle calls "evil speaking, " I know not the meaning of the words. Tbe archdeacon has disoonntananeed foe doctrine of Uo iveraal Resto ration which ao many <Dtbftsiipedora in 'foe church, from Origin In foe second centurydown- wardiq hava maintained; red, re ft is written "I will not contend forever, neither will I fce always wroth; for the spirit should fail hefbfo-ms, jand the souls which I have made; " I surely am jen-- titledto demand from his reverenoe as gbod a - reason why God will contend for ever/as be Umadflfaasvsn me why -he will-' itot. His re- - Breuoe, who very irrsrsr«ntIy4iaits:foe poru ' I of God, red fancies that Almigbtioess was ex hausted in blinking forth bis " well beloved Son" seems shocked at my having intimated that when oar tree shall have become more highly developed a greater than Jeans may arise among tbe chil dren of men, for I see progression written as with a rnnbeem on all foat is nature and creature, snd even as Moses surpassed the patriarchs, end foe prophet! surpassed Moses, snd Jeans surpassed the prophets, it seems consistent with lesson to expect that in a more enlightened red more highly cultivated Btete of fanmanity a leader may arise that eclipse all foe sons of God that have hitherto existed on foe earth. Bis reverence, it is reported, cooled " contradictions" from spirit isms! psmphlete; but he surely could not quote so msoy " contradictions" as are fonod in that beat of books, the Bible — s volume with which the Archdeacon is deplorably unacquainted; for he seems not to be aware thai there Is but one God, bat one Saviour, tot one Redeemer, and his name one — " Thus salfo Jehovah, the King of Israel, red Ms Redeemer foe Lord of Hosts ; I am tbe first, and I am foe last, and beside ins there is no God. Tbe Lord Almighty is God alone, and beside Mm there Is no other Saviour" — Plain enough for anyone of common under standing. Evidently foe Book of Common Prayer, not foe Bible, is foe archdeacon's guide in theology, wherein he Aide his " God the Son," and his "God the Holy Ghost," and his " Holy, Blessed, red Glorious Trinity;" not ona of which is to be found in either foe Hebrew or the Christian ecripturee; all of them, Mr Editor, being purely Pagan gods. Nor Is the word Bedeemer once mentioned in the New Testament. Of course Spiritism, which acknowledges no authority bnt Truth, and no interpreter bnt Beason, discards several church doctrines of 1871 ; preferring God's troth to nun's tenth, repudiating all preyerbook gods bnt one. What hi Reverence means by asserting foat Spiritism Is "an agent of priest craft" I know not; and . foat it is " a dangerous, lying doctrine," may be much more aptly said of his own irrational sod noicriptaral notions. If Spiritism, Mr Editor, were the evil thing which Archdeacon Stretch has represented it, tnen, foe sooner It is stamped out the better; and if faia reverence (or anyone else) can Show, me that It ia " work of foe Devil," I will renounce it et once, and forever; throwing it to foe dogs, whither I long since threw foe Pagan Trinity, together with foe idols God the Son and God the Holy Ghost; to worship red glorify which man made gods, I consider to be sheer blasphemy; for it is written — " I am Jehovah, that ia my name, and my glory will I not give to another." As yon, Mr Editor, hare been instrumental in disseminating foe Archdeacon's erode notions and false statements, I expect yon will, in common justice, allow me to state in yonr oolntnni that I am not what be represents me to be — that be is shamefully ignorant of spiritism, God' beat gift to man — and that he la reproachfully Ill-trod in both foe Hebrew red tbe Christian Scriptures.— I am, yours respectfully, B. 8. Natler, Melbourne. 8Lh November. 1871. to oblige our correspondent we publish the above; bnt think foe language used Is needlessly Intemperate.— Ed. b.cj 