MONOTHEISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALIAN ISRAELITE. Unity is the leading characteristic of the Jewish idea of Deity, It is the basement stone upon which the entire superstructure of that ancient theolbgic system rests. The Jew cannot, upon any pretence, falter Hvith this fundamental dogma of his faith, and is instinctively repefied by every religious creed which, in the slightest degree, Reverts to the old and oft-anathematised doctrine of a plurality Of Gods* Through ages of slavery, cycles of persecution, and cen turies of contempt, he has clung with deathlike tenacity to this rock of strength upon which his religion is built, until of late years he beholds a considerable number of the professors of oilier -orCeds returning, in thi£ vital respect at least- to the Sinaiti(|tenet By this division of thinkers, the establishment of a Jewish press in Australia has been hailed with genuine satisfaction, and numerous communications, expressive of this feeling, have reached our hands. We are particularly anxious to avoid even the appearance of an .attack upon a form of religion which supplies the highest and most cherished aspirations to thousands among whom we dwell, and havej therefore, not thought it desirable to give publicity to them. One, however, we have retained, as a fair sample of the whole, and this we now venture to lay before our readers ' Mr. Editor,—Allow me tb congratulate your body of religionists •on yesterday’s issue of the Australian Israelite / a publication which every Christian who is aware Of the great obligations under which he lies to the Hebrews, ought to countenance by his ap proval, and support (if he can) by his purse. Christians of good understanding, Mr.. Editor/do not depreciate Judaism for what it was not, but venerate it for the grand religious truths it grasped and promulgated ages before Christianity came into vogue—that Christianity which (unlike Judaism) fanatics have split up into upwards of 500 different and contending sects ; most of which Sectists are idolators, worshipping more gods than one, under the appellations, “ God the Father, and God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost,” in direct opposition to the mandates in the Bible, which is a thoroughly monotheistic book. The recorded prophecies in the Hebrew Scriptures regarding the promised Messiah, many inquiring Christians cannot trace to their. \ fulfilment in the person of Jesus of Nazareth/ which name Paul changed into Christ, in imitation of Christna of India; and Paul was the man Who founded Christianity; grafting on the simple gospel of Jesus several pemicious doctrines not to be found in the sermon delivered on Mount Olivet- doctrines not merely repug ‘ # , nant to reason, but contrary to Holy Writ, wherein we read, “ Thou shalt know, that I, Jehovah, am thy Saviour, and thy Redeemer, the Mighty One of Israel ” ; but Paul introduced another Saviour and another Redeemer in the Man Jesus ; and Christians, misled by Paul, clothed Jesus of Nazareth in the garb of Divinity, and actually worship him as God even in our day, -exclaiming, u Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost! ” regardless of that significant declaration, “ I am Jehovah, that is my name, and my Glory will' I not give to another ! ” Thousands of Christians, however, are awakening. tov -a sense of the real import of a variety of truths contained in the Hebrew Scriptures, which admit not of misinterpretation | such as* “ Thtis saith Jehovah, the King of Israel, and his Redeemer the^ft Lord of Hosts ; I am the first, and I am the last* and beside .me' If there is no God ! ” “ The Lord/Almighty is God alone, and beside Him there is ho other Saviour! ” And rely on it, Mr. Editor, the persuasion is now rapidly spreading among Christians of variqus denominations,' that there is but one God, but one Saviour, hut one Redeemer, and that His name is One. \ ^ > I have been intimately connected with many Jewish families, • who, during a long series of years, honoured me with their friend ship, and I can bear witness to their far surpassing Christians in both humanity and brotherhood; therefore, I feel a peculiar - gratification in the appearance of the Australian Israelite, andv hope it may not only draw your body into closer union, b$itrf set an example to Christians how to bear and forbear; and, whatever^ lies within my limited power to promote the circulation of you^ periodical, shall be done cordially and assiduously byV , V Yours very respectfully, \ Melbourne, July t, 1871. 