NEWS AND NOTES. There seams to be a general agreement that the Ministry is to go out, but much difference of opinion exists as to the party which is to take its place. We notice, too, that nearly all the ministerial papers praise Mr Langton’s speech, but are not prepared to accept what he proposed. The case seems to be simple enough. If the country can obtain a year in which to allow the revenue to recover itself, and to mature, if neces sary, a new sebetpe of 'taxation, surely this .is better than a complicated tariff apd ill-considered property tax. The truth seems to be that there is a want of courage to deal with the requirements of tho country, and while many see better things and approve them) fhey follow the worst. A strange case of suicide occurred on Sunday morn ing at a house in Grenville street, the victim being an old pensioner named Muir, aged sixty-two, who has three sons in business for themselves in Ballarat. It appears, from what we could learn about the occur rence, that the deceased was left and widower about a year ago, and that he had up till lately been drinking rather heavily. Lately, however, he was known to he much steadier than he had been. On Saturday night his son David, who has been living with him in Grenville street, asked him to procure the meat wanted for Sunday consumption, and then went out. The deceased procured the meat, which was on Sunday found in the house, but as the son was late in arriving at home, he retired to rest witbout looking to see if his father had gone to bed. On Sunday morning, early, Mr William Muir, deceased’s son, who lives ip Raglan street, went down to Grenville street, and going into bis father's house, asked his brother where the old man was. His brother replied that doubtless his father was up and moving about; but as he was not found at first a search was instituted, and he was discovered in a small house at the back of the dwelling, tied up, and quite dead, from strangulation, The alarm was given, and the police sent for. The body was cut down by the first constable who made his appearance, but it was found to be quite stiff. No particular reason is given for the committal of the act. An inquest will be held to-day. There are rumors ip Ballarat East that several appointments in connection with the borough council will be done away with shortly by that. body. _ The auroral light was visible last night from about half-past eleven o’clock. Before twelve o’clock it had : travelled frppi the south-west to the south-east," and greatly lessened in the intensity of its rosy hue. An accident occurred op Wednesday to Cobb and Co.’s coach to , Gordon, which might have beep attended with serious circumstance?. . There was a bole in the planking at the centre of the bridge, near the Bock of Cashel hotel, of lyhlpb hole the driver wa? ignorant .The leading horse put its leg into the gap,, stumbled, turned a complete somersault, and before the vehicle could be stopped the animal was under the coaoh with one; o£.its. legs,,botween the spokes of a wheel. The coachman, with great presence of mind, and with;the assistancelof,the passengers, got the animal extricated, and the more serious calamity of the coach, being pitched over the embankment was averted. . . v.yv,. ■ The Eastern fire brigade bell gave an-alarm shortly before seven o’clock last night, but the cause proved to bo but a chimney bn fire in the neighborhood of Barkly street. Mr Cowland, the contractor for the City-hall, in visit ing the works on Sunday, found two young men named George Barker and William Henry Beard, tres passing on the bell tower. He brought tbem'to earth again, and gave them into the custody of- the police at the city watchhoiue. -. . . A Chinese named Hock Yet was arrested, by the police, on Sunday, on the charge of stealing fourpence worth of tobacco from; Mr George Brodie, He will doubtless appear at the City Police-court to-day. ‘ - A. man named Andrew Ashfield, who broke his leg by a fall from a wood cart near Lai Lai, on Saturday, was the only person taken to the district hospital since Friday night. . ■ An elderly man, named John Young or Tuille, was charged at the Melbourne Police-court on Friday, with forging and uttering three cheques. In each case he had adopted the same tale of having arrived in town too late for the bank. He was committed for trial on all three charges. In Messrs Eyres Bros.’ window, Sturt street, there are now on view; two beautifully executed pencil drawings by MrE. Bryant/intended as prizes in his next art union. That most recently drawn is the “Death of tUc Old Man” (kangaroo), . ; - ■ By the last mail a communication has been received by the Government from Mr Gordon, acknowledging receipt of the letters forwarded to him, stating that as. the Governor-General of India had appointed Col. Sankey to examine and report upon the water-supply scheme of this colony, if would be unnecessary for Mr Gordon to visit Victoria for that purpose. The publican’s bootK at the ploughing match of the Qlendaruel, Beckwith, and Clunes Agricultural As sociation was purchased on Saturday, by Mr Prescott, for £slss. Our local correspondent writes:—“At a meeting held recently at Boss’ Creek, to deal with suggestions and propositions made'with the view of advancing the district, it was decided that a farmers’ club be esta blished. An attempt is also being made to establish a circulating library.” " It is expected that about £4OO will be realised from the Wesleyan gift sale, which will be continued to-day and to- morrow. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat branch of the Hibernian Society was held on Thurs day, in the hall, Dawson street, the president (Br P. J. Corbett) in the -chair. The preliminary business having been transacted, the half-yearly nomination of officers took place as follows, viz., for the presidency, Brs Morgan, J. O’Brien, and Michael M’Donald; for the vice-presidency, Brs M. Melican and • Philip O’Neill; for the secretaryship (Br, M'Cormack having resigned), Brs E. J. Croker, John Dineen, and P. F. Wholohan; for treasurer, Br J. K. Torbitt; for warden, Brs Edward M’Donnell, Edward Dargan, and B. O’Callaghan; for guardian, Brs T. O’Connell and Jas. Sandford. It was decided to advertise in the usual way for the offices of doctor and dispenser. The receipts of the evening amounted to £32 2s Gd. Sun dry accounts and a large amount of other routine business having been, transacted, the meeting closed. An Australian edition of poems, by Bret Harte, has been published by Mr G. Bobertsou, of Melbourne. These poems have attained to considerable celebrity in America, and many of them are singularly original, and racy of the mining life in California and elsewhere. They, are somewhat unequal in merit, but selections could be made from them which would rank amongst the higher classes of modem poetry. We hope that the Australian edition, which is only one shilling, will have a wide circulation. A tea meeting, concert, and ball were held in the Ascot Common-school on Friday, 2nd June. After tea Mr T. M. B. Philipps, M.L.A., took the chair,' and opened the concert with a short address on the advan tages of education in general, duriug which he stated that it was his intention while representative of the Creswick district to visit the common-schools and see whether they were doing. the work intended to be done. He afterwards rapidly introduced in succession the various persons who - took part in the concert. This part of the programme was brought to a conclu sion by a laughable farce by the. Ascot Amateur Christy'iMinstrels, which kept the audience in a roar. After votes of thanks to the ladies, visitors, and school master for the spirited manlier in which paoh had done his or he/duty, the entertainment was brouguv in, V close by three hearty cheers being given for the chair man, who in reply stated that all who desired to spend a short time in dancing could do so by stepping across the road to a room provided by the committee. A large number accepted the invitation and proceeded thither, and kept the enjoyment up till about two o’clock next morning. This evening in the Assembly-rooms, Sturt street, will be held, in connection with the anniversary ser vices of St. Peter's Church, commenced on Sunday, a tea meeting and concert in aid of the funds. An at tractive programme for the musical part of the enter tainment has been provided. ' A large number of men are at present obtaining profitable employment by angling for trevalla from the wharfs and boats at Geelong. The Advertiser says, on Friday evening “ it was stated that as much as 27 dozen had been caught by one man, and judging from the fact that there is a capital market in town for these fish, and that the retail price at the shops is four shillings per dozen, the profits of the more fortunate must have been something hand some.” The stewards of the Geelong Bacing Club met at the Victoria hotel on Friday, when, after a long dis cussion, it was decided to hold a steeplechase meeting, provided the public subscribe a certain amount, some thing under £lOO. It is stated that the Ministry has declined to accede to application of the Grand Victorian North-Western Canal Company for certain extensive grants of land. The working-men’s meeting, in the lecture-room of the Alfred Hall, oh Saturday night, was very well attended, Mr Gray, president of the Temperance League, was in the chair. A , number of songs , and recitations were given, and the Bev. Mr Tranter de livered a speech. Messrs F. Everingham and Carr gave selections front the ghost scene in “Hamlet.” A vote of thanks to the performers closed the pro ceedings. The rain on Saturday put a slop to the football tpatches that were to have taken place on the Eastern Oval and elsewhere, The building societies are beginning to move against Mr Francis’ proposed property-tax. We (Aye) learn that on Monday, 12th June, a meeting of the secre taries of the various societies will be held, for the pur pose of ascertaining how far the societies will be affected, and taking steps to prevent the passing of a measure which, besides pressing heavily on building societies, will in a most complicated manner entangle the relations between borrowers and investors. It will be apparent to anyone conversant with the work ing of building societies that the attempt to apportion the interest they may have to pay as mortgagees, and that for which mortgagors will be liable, will be a task most difficult. Says the Telegraph —“ Politicians were busy on Fri day discussing the fate of the Ministry. The division lists held by the respective whips show, it is claimed, a clear majority against the Government; but, until Tuesday arrives, nothing can be said with anything like certainty. The doubtful votes are quite sufficient to turn the scale one way or the other. At the caucus meetings of the Opposition a list for a succeeding •Ministry has, however, been circulated. Mr Duffy is named bs Premier; Mr Langton, Treasurer; Mr Gil lies, Minister of Mines; Mr Wjlberforce Stephen, At torney-General; and Mr Casey, Lands, Tfie difficulty is how to satisfy the ultra-protectionists. Bumor has it that portfolios without salary will be offered to Mr Berry and Mr Longmore, and that they will be indig ently declined." -Other information is to the effect that the above Ijst js a “• bogus” one, but that the Ministry is doomed." On the sth inst. (states the Qipps Land Mercury) Mr P. Landy, late secretary to the Albertonahire Council, was committed for trial on a charge of em bezzlement. He will be brought up again on other fijiargss on Monday next. By late telegrarp we me informed that the favorite steamer Great Britain was to leave Liverpool on the 24th May, and not the Qth as previously notified, Jt is anticipated that she will have a successful trip put, We understand that numerous applications for passages hoipewarijß haye already been made. The brig Carl, the eleventh vessel of the line of Polynesian packets, cleared the ' Heads on Thursday last, bound for the Fiji and New Hebrides Islands.- She had a number of passengers, amongst'whom were a good many ladies and children, proceeding' to Suva city in order to settle down on the lands they have upquifed from the Polynesia Company. The Carl takes dowp a fine pptterjon deck as a tender for the vessel whilst cruising apongst sj}B islands, also a number of horses, cattle, &o.; Search for the body Jf a man named Cook, sup posed to be drowned in the Barwoh, at Geelong, was continued on Friday, butto nightfall without success. In the Industrial Schjoi? at Geelong (say the Tele yrqpA/th'ere ore now seisml cases of whooping cough, and in order to phpbfc lie spread o£ thedissase by 'f uring it as quickly as possible 'a new, remedy is being used in'the‘treatment by" Dr' Mackin; : the medical officer. This consists of Barbadoes tar, which is ad ministered in half, teaspoonful doses three or four times a' dfiy." ’""Lately in' the - Melbourne - school the - children had to be removed and the wards fumigated ‘before the’epidemic could be arrested. Corporal Alexander had "insured his life- in- the Australian Mutual Provident Society. . The policy is only dated bn the 18 th March, 1870, so that for the payment of-£lolBs, his familywillimmediatelyreceive the sum of £2OO. We are in receipt, of the Moniteur dcla N. O. for the 24th ultimo. Article 13 of the Government decree, No. 267, regulating the working of the gold mines,of New .Caledonia (promulgated, on the 4th May, 1871), has, been altered by the local Government. It now reads, as follows:—“On gold when exported from this colony there will be'levied an impost of 3 francs (2s Gd) per oz of 31 grammes, and 1328 dix millegrammes.” The other news is unimportant. A shipment of coal has arrived in port from Bulla, N.S.W., for transhipment into the Somersetshire. This coal is said to possess special advantages for steaming purposes, and in order that the ■ Somerset shire-may avail herself of these on the homeward voy age, the present cargo has been expiressly ordered for her., ; ; . The immoralities of the Chinese were brought be fore the public in Geelong on Friday. Just below the Prince Albert Bridge over the River Barwon, there is a low-lying alluvial flat that a company of Chinese have formed into a vegetable garden. One of the co partnery, Ah Ting, had become- intimately‘connected with a young girl, and has, among other things, in ducted-her into the mysteries of opium-smoking. There is a house on the land in which the Chinese gardeners reside, and their peace and quietness have -been disturbed by the intrusion of Margaret Lamb, the girl in question. At length, on Friday last. Ah Why, one of the partners, turned the girl out of’ the premises, and she ' summoned him for unlawful as sault. The defence was that the girl’s immorality and : love of opium rendered her a nuisance in the place, and the defendant merely ordered her away. The bench believed this version of the affair, and dis missed the case. \- The Government Gazette contains mention of the appointment of Gavin Campbell to be Crown lands bailiff for the reserves under the control of the Balla rat Water-Supply Committee, vice Mr Barlow, dis missed. The stock show of the Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society will be held at Skipton on Thursday, 21st September. Mr R. P. Challen, formerly post and telegraph master at Linton, has been appointed to the office at El Dorado, Beechworth. It is notified that Mr William Davidson of Ballarat, has successfully passed the examination for the office of mining surveyor. The Queen’s exequatur empowering Mr Thomas Adamson, pin., to act as United States Consul at Mel. bourne, received her Majesty’s signature on the 11th April. The s.s. Rangatira, which arrived on Friday from King George’s Sound via Adelaide, has. amongst her passengers two liberated Fenians, who proceed by her to Sydney. The Argus remarks that reference to a return of the numbers and rating of ratepayers in city, town, boroughs, road districts, and shires, as raadejto an order of the Legislative Council in 1868, shows that the total number of ratepayers in Melbourne, Geelong, and the different boroughs at that period was 78,859, of whom 56,123 would, by reason of being rated under £25, be exempt from the operation of the proposed property-tax. In road board districts and shires the numbers are—ratepayers 57,758, exempt 40,240. Con sequently, of the 136,617 ratepayers of the colony, no less than 96,363, or more than two-thirds of the whole, would be exempt from the operation of the tax. The opera company (remarks the Age) have decided on a step which should be a judicious one—that is to say, even if not very successful, it can scarcely be a losing speculation. It is intended to send a detach ment of the opera company into the country. Sand hurst is the first place selected, and Don Pasquale is to be given there in a week’s time under the conductor ship of Herr Schott. Another meeting of persons favorable to the esta blishment of a woollen cloth factory in Ballarat, will be held this evening at the Koh-i-Noor hotel. Meetings for proof of debts in the following insol vent estates will be held at the Court-house, Lydiard street, befojre the chief-clerk, at 11 a.m., to-morrow, Tuesday:—William Lancashire, of Cluues, engineer; Edwin Bourne, of Gordons, builder; Andrew Charles Gray, of Ballarat, hatter; Samuel Soame King, of Bal larat, miner; George Whitty, of Ballarat, painter; Richard Bowden Martin, of Clunes, publican; Thomas Evans, ot ccoccSmana, mlueiy Jamp.q Fulton Taylor of Ballarat East, butcher; George Stokoe, ot Scars’ dale, miner. A meeting, called by the two mayors, is to be held in the Alfred Hall this evening, to consider the pro perty-tax. The executive.committee re the Permissive Bill will meet this evening at the Chamber of Commerce. _A special meeting of the Ballarat Water-Supply Com mittee will be held at four o’clock this afternoon, “to consider and make order on the financial condition of the committee, and the chairman’s report respecting the same.” A meeting of the Ballarat Loyal British Lodge, No. 5, will take place this evening; members are requested to state: on which-dispenser’s list they wish to be placed. The half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Lodge, Order of St. Andrew, will take place to-morrow evening. ■ The promenade concert of Signori Devoti and Con tini, assisted by Miss Jennie Deuniston and Band master Ellis, on Saturday was'attended by au audience that was not numerous but exceedingly appreciative, and some of the choicest gems of opera which were given by the artistes met with re-demands, which were willingly and courteously responded to. 