THE MELANESIAN MISSION AND THE MURDER OF BISHOP PATTESON. On Sunday last, sermons ware preached, and Collections made at Trinity Church, in aid of the Melanesioan Mission. The amount realised was over 612 The Lord Bishop preached in the morning from the Bth verse of the 82nd Psela-" Arise, O God, judge Thou the earth, ««j f-w- ,]] £]ie ?.—n.— T to Thine inheritance," and the fallowing extast from his sermon we have Moaned from a correspondent. After follr «-ri"-«i *>? words of tha text, and drawing a strilrin< picture of the darkness and craelty existing in various parts of the heathen world, ha proceeded to aay:— "Is then airy one here who would not do something to better such a oondt?on of human life? There is not one; lam sure. Perhaps some of yon may question whether it is possible to change it. Whether lit is a wise lisa of devoted men, and of the offering* cut into the treasury of God to attempt tha con version of these savage ?"??*<-f _ Some may ■ay:—'See what valuable lives it has cost •van to gain a footing for the missionary, and how alow the process of conversion: how few the satisfactory results;' Letl me calmly reason against such alleged objections. And fast for the sacrifice of life—such- lives, too, as those of Williams, Patteson, AtUn,and othen. I would ask, in reply, would any of yon wish the names of the great cloud of witnesses erased from the Bible? Would you rather that in the rolls of fame there had bean inscribed no 'neble army of martyrs?' Shall heroic deeds be confined to tales of human victory and wicked conquests ? Shall these who for ambition's sake have slsin their myriads be counted great and we be shocked TrfflT** a few soldiers of the King of Peace have lost their lives in trying to aave souls ? These soldiers of Christ, too, laid down their lives freely and willingly for His kingdom's sake, while the hordes who havTof late been marched from their peaceful homesteads and ploughshares to die in a foreign land loathed the work of carnage to which they were forced. Bishop Pattern gave himself and all he had freely to the work of preach ing Christ to the Helanarians. He has fallen ob the Held of battle which himself had chases. He cheerfully took up hb cross and fallowed Christ to passion and death. His con versation was truly hi heaven: and could you ask Urn now, whether he grieves that he was early called to glorify Ids Master by his death, would he not rorfy. 'To depart and be with Christ is far biter.' Who could desire- to bring him back from the glorie* of heaven to the toils, and dangers, and cares of earth? Barely not one, Meiiher think that his death will hinder the erase of the Mission, or stop the power of the Gospel. The seed, till it faUH into the esrtband dies, abides alone, andnotuuti] Christ was lifted up on the One* could He draw all man unto Him! How was He straitened ■nta He had anwompHshed His baptism of blood! Bveaso,thebloodof the insrtyrshas ever been the seed of the Ofaunth. The mantle sf Ujah fall on Bisha with • doable portion I of his spirit So, too, wfll the spirit of Patte. son diffuse itself under the power of the Holy Ghost, through .those Melanedan scholar*' who sat at his feet, and were converted by him to Christ Could Titu-, think you, or Timothy forget Bt. Paul, when beheaded by the Boman heathen under the walls of BonieT The boldness and confidence with which the mar tyred Apostle *aist imprisonment and death must ■needf' Mve atraagthened them and many others * to wdst even unto blood, striv ing «g«i?i«t «inP and the like trust in Christ, wfioh «he horrPsUienn.showed when he ludad angifcmpfll «h? hfia*en of Santa Orus, will move.maay a, Mdatinsian soul to resist the powers ef darkness even to dying in the cause of God and Christ. Bich men, in deed, as Patteson are the 'sett of the earth.' Instead of oourtiag ease and shunning danger, they lead the forlorn hopes of the Christian army, and plant the standard of the cross on the battlements of Satan's strongest holds. They are living protests againit the luxury and cowardice of a .selfish and self-indul gent - generation, which lives merely for the present enjoyment, and labors only for the 'meat that perisheth.' If, then, it is good for the Church and tile world to have such heroic spirits to lead us in the way of God, let us not look coldly .on the work for which they counted tbemselvM not dear unto themselves. Let us not be wise in our own eonoeits, and give grudgingly towards a work which was so dear to them; for which they gave up home and parents, sisters and lands and houses, station and the comforts of the world. With clear faith and calm devotion, Bishop Patteson (rave himself and all that he had to pretch the Gospel to the Melanesian Islands, 800 in num ber. Providence, acting through boyish associ ations, called him to that sphere of duty. He obeyed the call. He went forth with his father's blessing. And not until, by his wis dom and gentleness, had he firmly planted the Gospel in various islands did God see fit to re move him from this earth. ' He was permitted to have and ordain the first native missionary, George Sarawia, now in the island of Mots, Other native teachers are placed in various island] directed and cheered on by the clergy whom Bishop Patteson had gathered round him. Forward, then, little band! * Cast the bread of life upon the water; you shall find it again, though it be after many days.' And we who have hitherto helped you will not alack our hands. A Rood and great work has beau begun. In Norfolk Island the Melanesian Mission has its head station and schoolhouse. Thither are gathered by its an- raal mission ship the native children of various islands. So it restores the instructed, and gathers fresh scholars. Year by year the harvest of souls increases. To tn.int?in then, this establish ment; the schools; to feed and clothe the soholars; the mission ship; we now ask your alms, believing tiiat God has Messed it .greatly, and will continue to bless this self-denying mission to the heathen,, near to the coast of Australasia. In doing this we shall raise a bar rier against a new slave trade, now springing up in tire Pacific, and protest against ttu men stoalers of Levukt, whose wicked personation of Bishop Patteson's agents had led to the good Bishop's death. Ton will do well, then, in pure benevolence to give for so worthy a cause your contributions this day. So, too, we shall redeem-the character of; our country from the charge of abetting those piratical kidnappers, on whose souls the Mood of the martyred Patteson lies heavy. TJaey.hav? stirred up tile spirit of vengeance among untutored savages where he would have B?srn;p£a4B and godliness, happy industry, and a flourishing oommenm. May it be our pri vilege to stop thaarine and the-kbv > Let us return good for evil:, tiie blessing of the Gospel for violence ana blooded; hatred, and murderpms revenge. . 'So will God arise to judge-tiie earth; and take all the "heathen t?"-ffis_inharitaace.*' His T-njJ.tiip also, during his sermon, in alluding to the death of Bishop Patteson as an aadhUo?al reason for exertion, in order to carry on the noble work in which he labored so incessantly, and with such a self-denying spirit, mentioned a vary interesting aroumatanoa s—Tnat as soon as tiie aad tnteUigrafw of the Bishop's death leached Poonindie, a Dumber af the aborigines, who are taught and labour at (hat institution, resolved tocsin the amount of -£10 per annum out of their wages in order to support one of the Melanedan f*if 