THE BEARING- OF INFALLIBILITY ON RELIGIOUS TRUTH. We insert appropriately in tliis place the chief passages of F. Dalgairns' article on the bearing of Infallibility v/hich appears in the Contemporary Review for August. The article is written, not tor Catliofles, but tor the mass of English educated readers ; and is therefore treated from the stendpoint which they can the more easily agree to ac cept. After alluding to the way in which the in terest in the Council seems to remain alive omong Pi-otestrpfits, F. Dalgairns contin ues : — At a time when the spirit of the age is clearly against all infallibilities, when even Protestants are treating the notion of an infallible Bible as a remnant of idolatry, when the infallibility of the Apostles is de nied and the ignorance of Christ Himself affirmed, at such a moment the Church of Rome calmly commits itself to a dogma which puts her infallibility into a more pro minent light then ever, and which makes its operations more rapid and more stringent. Now I trust it may not be useless, to put before earnest men the real results of the measure. The smoke of the great battle has cleared away, and we may tranquilly esti mate its effects. The almost universal sub mission of the Bishops of the minority has taken away the last pretext which could with any plausibiilty be adduced against its being a law "of the Church. It is now time to show that it was not a wanton throwing down of the gauntlet to the age, not the act of desper ate men angry with the consciousness that they had lost their grasp on the modern mind. It was not the act of narrow minds and narrow hearts, of a faction wrapped up in the petty, interests of their own little par ty, and through their ignorance reckless of the effect of their acts on the great world at large. It was called for by the internal state of tne Church itself. This, however, is not all-; there is not a decree of the Council which does not allude to some opinion which has its followers amongst Englishmen. The questions discussed and decided went to the very roots of Christianity. Nay, they were the. very questions discussed among oursel ves. They affect what has been called our common Christianity. I shall principally occupy myself with showing that a move ment has been going on outside as well as in side the Church which called forth the de cisions of the Vatican Council. Above all, I wish to point out that tlie principles condem ned at Rome are prevalent in England, and are a peril for all Christianity as well as for the Catholic Church. . . The whole authority claimed by the Church to be the exclusive teacher of Christianity, would he the most monstrous of spiritual tyrannies, if she did not believe herself to be preserved from error. She would deserve the worst curse ever pronounced upon llaby- lon and Antichrist, if she assumed jurisdic tion over the consciences of Christians with out power from 011 high. Accordingly her infallibility has been a first principle, not tacitly assumed but affirmed loudly by all Catholics. Nevertheless, if, is certainly re markable that, as far as I know, for the first time 'an (Ecumenical Council calls the Church infallible. If any fact is historically -certain it is that from the very first dawn of Chris tianity its teachers claimed infallibility. It was no mediaeval invention. It is to he found in S. Irenmus as surely as in S. Gregory VII. Now, however, at the moment that the Catho lic Church recognizes that the very first ele ments of Christianity as a supernatural reve lation are called in question, it puts forward its infallibility as the indispensable condition of that supernatur ilness. It declares that the great misery of the age is a principle which it calls naturalism, and which it places side by side with rationalism. I cannot help thinking that this is worthy of the attention of all Christians, even of those who disbelieve the claims of the Council. Catholics are often reproached with arguing in favour of the infallibility of the Church on a priori grounds, drawn from its necessity, while they ignore ihe facts of the history of the Christian religion. If, however, it is a patent fact that even good and earnest men, whose whole life is meant to be protest against secularism, are forced by the exigencies of their position whenever they give up infalli bility, to reduce the Christian faith to the level of natural religion, then it is a legiti mate conclusion that infallibility and the supernaturalness of Christianity go hand in hand. In no better way can the issue be tried than by an examination of the views advocated by the authors of the English books which stand at the head of this article They indignantly repudiate the charge of ration alism. Their whole system is meant to be a reaction against the rationalistic tendencies of the age. . . . They look full in the face all the facts which seem to tell against Christianity, yet still they would say, Is not Christ also a fact ? . . . It would be absurd to class men who use such language with vulgar rationalists. If, however, efforts so well meant and so honest, supported as they are by abilities of no com mon order, utterly fail in finding a super natural basis for Christianity without infalli bility. we are surely entitlod to argue that the attempt is impossible. If such a gospel can be found, then let it run its course and be glorified. If fallible apostles can succeed, let them go forth and preach to this confused nineteenth century. It sadly wauts an angel with healing in his wings ; for its whole head is sick and its heart faint. If, however, in such hands the Gospel of Jesus Christ turns out to be no supernatural revelation, we may be sure that no one else can succeed. The experiment has been made on no vile body. If such things are done in the green tree, what will be done in the dry ? What if this new gospel, with its hatred of formulas, turns out to he itself a formula ! If rationalism, like the shirt of Nessus, clings to such a Hercules as this, and the efforts of the herd only succeed in tearing the flesh from his bones, then I lear the fiery poison adheres to his very marrow. After such a failure, it might be well to try the old paths. What if the old despised infallibility of the Council should turn out to be true ? The position of the school to which I allude is rather difficult to seize. It is not easy to comprehend its almost fierce denial that reve lation consists of propositions ' about God." coupled with ihe affirmation that it consists of the action of God unveiling Himself to man, as though the one excluded the other. Its passionate denunciations of dogma are hard, to reconcile with its speculative, almost metaphysical theology. As far as my present subject is concerned, I should describe it as an attempt to substitute a mystical intuition for the infallibility not only of the Church, but of Scripture and the aposties. There is supposed to be in the human soul a God-con sciousness, a real contact between God and the spirit of every human being; in conse quence of this the doctrines of revelation are so nearly akin to the conscience of mankind, that an infallible authority to impose them, originally, or to transmit them when revealed, becomes superfluous. . . . A most templing system this to many minds. Here is a gospel which- protests against rationalism, which allows an inme- diate intercourse with God, which admits of enthusiasm for the person of Christ, and yet escapes from the bonds of dogma and the thraldom of infallibility. Most tempting if it were but consonant to facts ; most religious if it were not compelled by the very force of its principles to degrade Christianity from its dignity as a supernatural revelation. In fact, the school, of Mr. Maurice has never retracted its adherence to the sen tence of William Law, quoted with ap probation by Mr. Erskine : "Christianity is not a system of docrine enforced on us by God, of which we could know nothing ex cept from the Scriptures ; but is the natural religion to which all our faculties are adap ted." It is to the facts of the Christian religion alone that I appeal for a proof that an infalli ble authority is the organ of its transmission. Of course, I do not deny that God might have revealed himself to man in any way that He chose, and that man ought to be too thankful to accept the way. He might have made that revelation by means of a spiritual contract with individuals. He might have unveiled Himself in an effiable transcendent mode, too great for words — too mighty for propositions. That He has done so is alle ged without proof, nay, against all facts. This revelation of Himself reaches us through human testimony, and through that alone. Not for a moment do I forget the action of the Holy Ghost on the soul, without which " no man can call Jesus Christ." But what' I affirm is, that the whole of the contents of the revelation, the thing revealed, is pro posed for our acceptance through the lips of men. It is preached to us through human words and propositions. That the words are not exhaustive, that the thoughts which they suggest are far deeper than language, I gladly allow and affirm. Nevertheless the faith, the thing to be believed, has ever been transmitted and propogated by the witness of men. " How shall they hear unless one preach to them ? How shall they preach unless they are sent ? That the message conveyed,, that every doctrine of the glorious Gospel, however mysterious, finds echoes in the human heart, is quite true; but let us remember that they are echoes ! Earth takes up with a glad shout the good news, and the mountains tell it to each other ; but they only- reverberate what they are told, and that most imperfectly. They report the last syllables, and the broken accents, if left to themselves, die away and are lost for ever. What, however, I insist upon now is, that the message itself which awakes the echo came entirely from without, and for that reason was necessarily, and was in point of fact, transmitted in human words and sen tences. The remarkable thing is, that in the system which I am criticizing the echo is the important thing, and the voice plays a far in ferior part in the conveyance of the message it self It is not only that the external evidence is reduced to a minimum, depreciated, and al- moft railed at as a potential tyrant, if allowed to be too strong ; it is not only that in order to the acceptance of the message a weight is thus thrown on the internal evidence which is far greater than it can bear ; but the message itself conveyed, the thing revealed, the con tents of the revelation- are treated as though far more discovered in the heart than con veyed to it from without. The fact of the Incarnation, for instance, is looked upon as though it raised reminiscences in the human conscience of what it knew all along must be necessarily, nay, as a recognition of what in reality and in effect had been, than as a totally new and stupendous act of the mercy of God, which eye had not seen, nor had it entered into the heart of man to conceive. . Now let us look at the nature and origin of.- the message which was conveyed. Of course, of some supernatural things unaided men are competent witnesses, notwithstand ing human frailty and fallibility. I would accept the witness of honest men who affirmed that they saw a man first a corpse and then resuscitated. Their senses could tell them that. But what is Christianity ? I am not arguing with ordinary rationalists, but with men who believe in the unseen, and who cling to the belief of God made man. To that question then, widely as we differ as to the meaning of our words, we should give thus far a common answer. He who was born of the Virgin Mary, who brought down from Heaven a new revelation, and who died upon the cross, was God. To guarantee this truth, with all that is involved in it, such witnesses as the Apostles — nay. as our Lord Himself — are supposed to he by the writers of whom I am speaking, are utterly in adequate. It must not be forgotten that by them the human weakness of our Lord Him self is tremendously exaggerated. His Divine personality has by no means so influenced His human nature as to shelter His intellect from the possibility of mistake. As for the Apostles, not only are they supposed to be fallible, but it is even allowed that they blundered on tho very point which we are considering, the divinity of our Lord. None, it is said, realised the grand truth except S. Paul and S. John. Even S. Paul imperfectly apprehended it. Surely, if you sweep away away all infallibility, that of the Founder of the religion, that of the Apostles, of the Bible, and the Church, you surely imperil the great truth itself. It rests on the opinion of men. The truth itself-is incapable of human verification. Who could sound the depths of that personality which showed itself under the weakness and infirmity of man, and pro nounce it to be God ? Without an infallible base tlie whole structure shakes. How thoroughly this is wanting will appear, when it is allowed that " Christ s expressed con viction in the eternity of His own life would and could not be decisive without echoes in our own experience."* Evident, however, as it is that fallible Apostles could not found such a religion as the Christian, still less could fallible preachers preserve it. That it has to be preserved re sults simply from a statement which looks like a truism, that the religion of Christ was meant to be the salvation of the human race to the end of time. This is what I venture to call the grand originality of the Christian idea. It was the very first religion which claimed to be the faith of the human race, and, above all, to be final. After it, not the deluge, not the judgment and universal doom of fire. That short life of 33 years, lived on a narrow strip of land, not much larger than Yorkshire, hemmed in between the wilderness and the desert, is asserted by us to be the turning-point of the world's history. Back to the beginning of time and onwards to eter nity without end, recoil and stretch the effects of a three hours' agony. Our religion is simply the words and deeds of Christ, and nothing else. I do not forget development. Yet extend the princip e as far as you will, if it is to be real and not deceptive, the whole development must be wrapped in and evolved out of the teaching of Christ. Who now is to be our guarantee that we possess the very teaching of Christ? Pare it down and sim plify it as you will, make it, if you please, to consist exclusively of facts, yet the faith in an Incarnate God cannot be so very simple, and the facts are certainly divine and incom prehensible, Who will warrant that in the course of 19 centuries the facts have not been perverted or misinterpreted ? Nay, what chance is there that the religion of Jesus should reach us unadulterated, unless the teachers of it to the end of time are divinely appointed and divinely guarded from mistake ? The Christian religion is from its *Essays, Theological and Literary, vol. i, 261, 269-272. very perfection most liable to corruption be cause while it cannot be comprehended it "can be understood. On the one hand its incom prehensibility makes it naturally defenceless against human imagination ; on the other its intelligible side exposes it to the disin tegrating process of the human intellect. Fling such a faith undefended upon the disputations of men, it is utterly impossible that so powerful a crucible as the intellect of man shall not dissolve it in the passage. Unless the teachers oi the religion had a promise from Christ that the gates of hell should not prevail against them, it must long ago have disappeared under the corroding effects of time Its very power of develop ment and of adaptation to the wants of suc cessive ages would be fatal to it. If no in- fallible teachers remain, then according to all human experience the religion of Christ must be by this time undiscoverable. ft is a damn ing fact for Protestantism, that it supposes that Christianity was a mass of doctrinal cor ruption 1600 years after its origin. If so what possible reason is there to suppose that the Reformers rediscovered it? In like manner it is decisive against the very peculiar Protestantism which is occupying us, that no one ever dreamed till now that Christianity could be a diviue religion without something infallible, Church or Scripture. In so old a religion as ours such perfect originality is fatal. "But could not God have preserved His own religion by working solely and directly upon the hearts of men ? I can only say that He has not done so. The state of Christendom forbids the supposition. If Christians were all agreed upon the doctrine of Christ, then it would be possible to say that the Holy Spirit, by teaching Christians immediately and intuitively, preserved the truth, as it were, in person, without the external autho rity of an infallible body. It might be con ceivable before heresies arose, if ever there was such a golden age, that Christians should never have asked themselves, how do we know what is " the truth as it is in Jesus ?' Then, of course setting aside Scripture and the Church, it might have been possible to argue that the promise of Christ that He would be with Christendom to the end of the world included a promise that His doctrine would last till doomsday through His own secret operation. Now, however, that the forms of doctrine claiming to be Christian are endless iu number, as they are boundless in their antagonism to each other, it is impos sible to say that Christ has preserved this doctrine simply by a general secret superin tendence of His providence. What is meant by the preservation of this doctrine is of course, not its mere existence, hidden amongst all the various contending sects of Christen dom, but a preservation such that it can be recognised as Christ's. Now it is not even pretended that there is such an interior cri terion as this, such a flavor of certainty which separates true doctrine from false. So true is this that those writers who argue most strongly for the continual revelation of truth through an immediate spiritual contact with God, have abandoned the very hope of as- certaining with an certainty what is Christian doctrine, and are prudent in proclaiming that the religion of Jesus is not one of doctrine at all, but rigidly and strictly of facts. [ That a fact such as the Incarnation re quires evidence of an authoritative and in fallible character, has been urged, F Dal gairns continues, by " writers who are our antipodes in theology," such as Mr Martineau; and the only answer to this argument ad duced by Mr Hutton, by far the ablest and most forcible writer of the school, is a parallel drawn between the belief in the existence of God and the faith in the Incarnation.] The hypothesis forces these theologians to confound the natural and supernatural order. In order to escape the necessity of an infallible giude, involved in a supernatural revelation, they are forced to place the Incarnation on a level with tlie existence of God. It is quite true that both contain incomprehensible mysteries, but the differ ence is that the being of a God is discoverable by natural reason, while no effort of in tellect backed by the conscience and the moral being of man, can, apart from revela tion, prove the Incarnation. Honce the being of God may safely be left to the guardianship of reason. The religious his tory of the human race is the history of the fate of that great truth. Lights and shadows pass over it, but is perpetually re appearing ; it may be almost lost by some revolution 01 humanity, but it again presents its surface to the light; if lost, it may be re-discovered. It is not so with the Incarna- tion Human logic cannot prove it ; human intellect cannot anticipate it. It cannot recover what it is incompetent to discover, hor this reason, it wants infallibility to bear witness to it, and infallibility to preserve Finally, such a system as that which we have been considering is not Christianity. is not the religion which conquered the world. It is too vague and too unsocial. It is unsocial, because outside the thin circle of facts, about which men are supposed to be agreed, there must ever lie a large and over- widening circle of doctrines, ring within ring, about which there must be either fierce discord or indifference which defies cohesion. I call that a vague religion which limits the revelation strictly to facts, strips all dogma of divinity, and delivers it over to the disputations of men. It is necessarily vague, because this distinction between reli- gious facts and doctrines is utterly unreal, A supernatural fact which is meant to en- lighten mankind as to their eternal destinies involves doctrine ; that is, it has an autho- ritative teaching appended to it, on pain of being the most unintelligible of formulas, The two so run into each other as to be realiy inseparable. Of course, wlicn these writers call the Crucifixion a fact, they do not nxoau the event, else Pontius Pilate and Suetonius would be Christians. They mean the fact that God died on the Cross. I defy them to exclude doctrine from such a state- as that. Will any one tell me that it is indifferent to the fact whether that man who died was God, as God the Father, of God, according to Catholic doctrine, or was a subordinate Person, as is held by more than one of the school. I am net assuming at this moment that the Catholic Church is right. All I aver is, that the point involves doctrine, aud that until it is settled the whole fact is so utterly ambiguous that it becomes practically valueless. A real God and subordinate God are two very different beings. Again, when I hear that my God has died on the Cross, the statement is, I must owu, so startling that I suspend my judgment until I am told the meaning and the purpose of His death. It would not be denied by these theologians that the Crucifixion would not be the same thing to them if it were not coupled with the doc trine that jChrist died to manifest His fiiial love to His Father. Would they accept the fact if the death of Christ were declared to be a vicarious sacrifice in the Catholic sense ? The whole fact is utterly changed in its character according to the doctrine. Yet they are obliged to hold that this, being a doctrine, is not a portion of the revelation, since it is a theory about the fact ; in other words, God has given us a fact which, stripped of its doctrinal appendages, is a mere unmeaning formula. ... I trust that enough has been said to give a point to the conduct of the Council. It is, I hope, clear that the doctrine of Infallibility is a very vital question for all Christians. It is not the imposition of a wooden tyranny, but the condition of theexistenceof any doctrinal Christianity. I am of course aware that this throws no light upon the motives of the de finition of the infallibility of the Sovereign Pontiff. 1 can only, in the space which is left me, e ideavor, though most inadequately, to show the internal situation which called it forth. It is easy to understand the motives of the definition of the infallibility of the Pope, when we take in the fact that views of reve lation strikingly similar to those which we have been criticizing have been widely ad vocated by the German Catholic writers. As long ago as 1358, Froschammer, from the chair of Philosophy at Munich, had taught that the deepest mystery of the Christian re ligion —the Holy Trinity — is within the com pass of human reason. The same natural faculty, the ordinary Vernunft, which the writer looks upon as an inborn power of God- consciousness, which grasps the existence of God, is also capable of knowing the Holy Trinity, when once Christianity lias stated it to the intellect. The revelation is not the preaching of an absolutely new truth, utterly undiscoverable by man ; it is only the condi tion for the recognition of a truth which was already in germ in the intellect. The function of Christianity is to educate the reason, and thus to educe jvhat was already immanent in the mind. ... The appearance of Frosahamraer is n o isolated phenomenon in Ca holic Germany. From every part of that great country there sprang up writers insisting on the possibility of a demonstration of the deepest mysteries of the Christian truth. In Posen. Volkmuth proposed a "solution of the fundamental problem of the Christian Trinity Sengler, . a professor, first at Freiburg, afterwards, I believe, ac rieiueioerg, aaopceu cue words of Hainann, a wild Protestant mystic, that " the contents of Revelation are not supply above reason, or for reason, but immanent in reason." ' How should the triple personality of the pure being of God not be a truth of the human reason? The pure essence of man's personality can be shown by reason to be triple ; so also can the proof be extended to the personality of God." In Catholic Inns bruck, Schonbach attempted to teach the Tyrolese students that " the triple personality of God must be metaphysically ^-estab lished." Eberhard taught that " free philo sophy must prove that the Holy Trinity, which is believed by ' Christians, is a meta physical necessity " On hundreds of banners in German universities " free science " was inscribed as a war-cry. With the same in tense passionateness which roused the people to resolve that the Rhine should be free, German. Catholic professors contended for ' freie wissenscliaft." Such a cry in England " would mean the freedom of physical science, the liberty to hold Darwinian theories, and Professor Huxley's Protoplasm. It meant that in Germany, but very much more. Men are not accustomed there to stop short of con- clusion.spor to put false bottoms to abysses of thought, The freedom claimed for science is the unlimited liberty to speculate oil the \- truths of supernatural religion ; and it is claimed on grounds which are destructive to the very idea of the Christian revelation, . . I think with these facts before us it will be easy, even for those outside the Church, to comprehend the drift of the decrees of the Vatican Council, even of that which must seem most strange to Protestant minds, the definition of the infallibility of the Sovereign Pontiff. It is marvellous to me how the German Liberal Catholics have managed to conceal the real point at issue. Tliey have contrived to throw on the majority the odium of aggressiveness, while in point of fact their own aggressions were such that a universal cry arose from all parts of the Catholic world for the only adequate remedy. They com plained that the definition was uncalled for, because no heresy required it, aud they trusted to the profound ignorance of German ecclesiastical affairs, which generally pre vails, to enable them to conceal the audacious and tumultuous errors which had been pro duced by Catholic teachers in German uni versities. They continued vociferating, Peace, peace, when there was no peace. They diverted our attention to the doings of Pope Formosus, while the real question was whether they were to be allowed with im punity to broach theories of revelation which revolutionized Christianity. It was a real danger for Christendom. The German in tellect has powers of fascination which can not be iguored. In vain does the rest of the world cry out that German theories are un intelligible nonsense ; Europe listens in spite of itself. Just as the Ancient Mariner forced the bridal guest to listen to this wild, mys- teriQiis song, so the great genius of the Ger man race compels the universe to stop in its course and pay attention to systems which charm in spite of their obscurity. Out of a university established, like Tubingen, in the third-rate town of a small kingdom, have issued schools of thought which have shaken the faith of half the world. It was impossi ble for the Catholic Church to overlook the danger. The sole remedy for such a state of things was the declaration on the part of the Catholic Church of its belief in the ex istence of a permanent tribunal, capable of judging each heresy as it arose. The time was gone when an (Ecumenical Council could meet the peril. When each professor could devise a new system of Christianity, and while retaining the name of Catholic, teach it to Catholic youth, it was in vain to sum mon bishops from America and China to put down a Protean foe, who might have taken another shape while they were on their way. Rapid, bold, unhesitating, modern thought spreads like wildfire. This the German the ologians well knew, and their whole efforts had been directed to establish theories of infallibility which absolutely neutralized the power of the Church, and changed its consti tution. They placed the seat of infallibility in the consent of the whole multitude of the faithful. How immense was the imposture of this plea will be seen at once if we reflect that if this imaginary plebiscite had been rea lized, an enormous majority of the Catholics of the universe would have voted for the Papal infallibflity. What these men hated most was the existence of an ever- watchful tribunal at Rome, ready to lift up its voice against error as it arose. Nothing is more remarkable in the whole controversy than the air of injured innocence with which it is urged that nothing is wanted but the freedom of science. What they really wanted was free Christianity. Their practical aim was an unlimited license to remake Christianity as they pleased without let or hindrance. Each science claims the right of fashioning the faith after its own image. A philosopher like Dr. Frohscham- mer would temper revelation by philosophy, while a historian would put upon facts his own interpretation without interruption from the central authority of the Church. Christ ianity, however, lias been for 19 centuries before the world, and its principles ought really by this time to be immutably ascer tained. No new or arbitrary power- lias put into the hands of the Sovereign Pontiff. He judges according to the ancient rules of the Catholic' faith. The issue and the meaning of the Vatican Council is the declaration on the part of the Church that by defining the infallibility given by Christ to the Holy See she assumes the attitude which will best enable her to fulfil her mission of preaching the Christian faitli most clearly and most readily to the modern world.— —J. B. D alga i un s. 