NEW ZEALAND. Via Melbourne, Wednesday. I By the Tarama we loam that tho estate of Turnbull Reeves, of "Wellington, has boon assigned to George Turnbull, of Dunedin. A sharp engagement has taken place hotween tho forces under Mair, and To Kooti, who again escaped. The Grenfell Reoord says :-Wo havo little this week to report from tho two rushes that have for the last fow weeks creatod so much excitement among our mining friends here. From tho Bushman's our reports aro not very satisfactory, the lead as wo hintod at in our last issue, has turned out very patohy and as yet has not f ulfilledtho rather too sanguino opinions that were formed of it. It has not in any way justified tho rush that it has orcated although from tho nature) of tho ground wo nre hopeful of somothing good boing found yet. At Billy's Lookout nothing of any interest has occurred during the week, and the oxeitomint has cooled down a good deal. By next week we expect tn bo able to give some definite account of the prospects of this field. As regard reefing matters in Grenfell we aro glad to say, our prospects are still brightening. From Messrs. Robinson and party who aro working tho one aoro lease on Lawson's reef wo learn that they have hud a orushing from some "duffer " stone, part of a lot of 200 tons now lying on tho olaim whioh wont 8dwt per ton. Our reports from the machines this WCOK nre aa fol- lows:-Mr. Vaughn's is still engaged on Tuft" and party's stone from tho Homeward Bound, No. 1 north, and expect to clean up next week, tho stone promises very well. Mr. Cunningham's maohino has finished a lot of ICQ tons tons, from the Whito Rose reef, No. 1 gave a total yield of 69oz 15dwt. A small lot of Iii tons from the Evening Star reef. Tyagong, went 121 wt per ton, and 33 tonB of rofuso stone from tho Whito Rose, prospebting, went 7dwt per ton. Messrs. Bevan and Hopkirk are on a large lot of splendid looking stono from tho Homeward Bound reef, which is oxpeoted to go fully 2oz per ton. Mr. Swann's machine is ongaged on a lot of stono from tho Band of Hope roof, Ley and party, whioh is turning out exceedingly rich. They havo put through 18 tons of stono, and tho result already got in cleaning up from tho pans alone is about 182oz of amalgam. They have about CO tons of stono to put through yat and expect to ba finished on Tuosday. The depressing Influences of the exodus to tho Curra- jong rush, the want of rain, and the non-disoovery of any new workings likely to afford omploymont to tho olaimless miner, have resulted in tho dullness that lins Prevailed at Gulgong, during tho post week, whioh has cen a very quiet one. Speculation in mining ven- tures, says tho looa! papor, is but a ghost of tho past, and will not revive until somothing like a aubstanial payable workings is discovered, for which happy result many hope, but few try.- Tho long and anxiously expected rain has not yet como, much to tho dis- appointment of tho owners of puddling machines, whose supply of water is boing rapidly usod up, those situated on Reedy Croak excepted. The load princi- pally talked of during tho week has boon tho "Cale- donian," which is situated on tho northorn boundary of Rouse's 4000 acre paddock. A claim known as No, IC in tho paddock has bottomed on payable gold at 116 feet, and a trial washing of eight loads yieldod 2oz per load. The prospectors of tho Caledonia havo also bottomed a shaft at 118 feet, and are currently believed to be on tho samo load of gold. No. 12 north on this lead has hoisted tho flag, and are obtaining payable prospects, whioh has had tho effcot of rais- ing the drooping spirits of claimholders, and giving an impotus_ to speculation. Wo still hold our expressed opinion that tho Caledonian has its nahio to make. On tho Canadian load thoro is some little im- provement, though the load is not extending with tho quiokness that was naturally expected from tho facili- ties existing. The groat depth of washdirt in tho claims on gold leads to tho belief that a long continuous load will bo proved to exist, and though private properties bars the way, many aro determined that the ground shall bo thoroughly tested. At Rapp's Gully, mining matters are rather quiet, consequent on tho want of rain to fill tho dams now crcotod, and sot tho puddling machines going to reduco tho largo paddooks of wash dirt that are to be seen on tho claims on gold. This looality is muoh thought of, and some hundreds have settled down, determined to wait until a ploatiful J supply of water will enable thom to thoroughly test' their claims. Thoro are a coaplo of parties prospecting ' for reefs ia tho rangé from which the gully hos received it« gold, so far without reporting a find. On tho Black Lead, No. 18 W. has bottomed, but not on gold ; the party are now driving westerly, and fully expoofc to be able to hoist the flag in a few days. No. 31 N. haa also bottomed off tho gold, being much too shallow. Tho intervening claims between these numbers aro now going through tho basalt rook, and do not calculate on Ericking the bottom for tho next fivo or BÍX weuks. litigation is still tho order of tho day on tho Happy Valley load, and likely to bo BO until a moro workabla set of regulations are enaoted. The frontage system has not boen an unmixed blessing on this gold-field. On the Holvotia, Star of tho Sonth, and other leads in their vicinity, there is nothing to report. Tho pros- pectors of tho Durham lead have raised funds by publia subscription, to eroot a whim on their claim, to enable thom to more offeativoly contend with the water and test tho valuo of their ground, whioh many experienced mon think will prove right. Population is stiR pouring in from Sydney, and os very fow aro loaving for Currajong, tho streets aro gradually assum- ing their old crowded aspoott though nut sa much as formerly. 