The Coal-trade. One of the greatest drawbacks, to the prospe rity of. . Newcastle hitherto, has been. an occa sional scarcity of tonnage ; circular after circular has been despatched complaining of it ; advertisement after advertisement for more has remained unanswered until freights have 'risen to fancy figures, and still there were no vessels seeking them. The fault, we fatere told, lay with the governing powers. Clyer aifdi oyer . again 'we have been' assured that the imposition of new and higher customs duties had diminished our imports ; had thinned the foreign^ shipping in our .harbours ; had left us in Newcastle without carriage for our staple product. We were given to under stand, that unless we threw open our ports and declared for absolute free-trade, our glory weuldr depart from us. Large fleets, inward heu|d|t-j Sydney, freighted with the produce lolifctant'land'si— so it was endeavoured to be shewn — meant large fleets, coal laden, out ward bound from Newcastle.- 'Nothing was said about return freights of wool and station produce from the capital, and the export of coal thence ; but fearful were the prophecies as to the calamities threatening to overtake: us, one even going so far as to describe the board and the writing thereon — ' This port to let' — which, before long, was to be hung out at Nobby' s. ' But no suoh notice jet swings to the breeze. Our harbour is not yet destitute of snipping, neither do we find ourselves quite so depen dent on Sydney for it, as some would have us believe to be the case. The ghost raised in the School of Arts when our member met his constituents has been exercised, and disco vered to be of the most ordinary sort — a scooped-out turnip, a farthing dip, nothing worsen-nothing to ' be frightened at. The carrying trade of the world is self- accommo- dating. Ship- owners must perforce - find em ployment for their vessels.- Where there is anything requiring transport there will vessels congregate. If British bottoms, better suited for the carrying of perishable cargoes, get the pick of the trade, and disdain the more modest loading we have to offer, what then? Aie there not other maritime nations who are ready and willing to build cheaper vessels* tail them more, cheaply, and carry mots cheaply pur imperishable cargoes, and to make a tidy profit out of a business others would only .lose by.' If that 'which we hear be correct, nameiy, 4hat only iron vessel* can command grain freights from California, and that; there: fore, a large fleet of wooden vessels is com pelled to go seeking, w$ may reasonably .ex pect, with , the constantly increasing demand for coal on the North Pacific' seaboard, that the numerous fleet now engaged in the supply, may not only remain permanently on the line, but by degrees' become even still more riuthe , rous. . The . stars and stripes are holding out much greater promise to us than our own flag . is doing.. American ships are already render ing us, to a great extent independent of the .Sydney traders. Possibly, by-and-bye, we shall find them entering on other lines, and competing witb our own vessels in the China and Straits trade, until at length Newcastle coal carrying becomes to them a settled occu pation, not spasmodic, as it has been for years, and regarded merely as a pis oiler, a last re source for freightless vessels. We trust it may be so. The prospect of its being so is good. . ' In the face, then, of this increasing demand, in view of a plentiful supply of tonnage in the future, how particularly absurd does the late reduction in the price of our coal appear. At the other side of the world an increased de mand is held to justify an enhancement of value ; at this' side the reverse of the proposi tion would seem to obtain. Had there been a falling off in the export, had it been alleged that this arose out of a too long price deinan . ded, and that serious and dangerous competi tion threatened, then perhaps the agents for the Lambton Colliery shareholders might have put in a plea of necessity, which might have' been accepted. But it is apparent to ail-that this is not the case; the prospects of the coal trade, and consequently of our community, never looked brighter, and the reduction can only be regarded as most wanton and arbi trary. In vain do we, seek justification for the late action of Messrs. Morehead and Yo'ungJ who, not content with injuring them selves, are dragging down with them the in ' terests of thousands, even as Sampson, when he brought down the Philistine temple, gave death to Jiimself and the whole: multitude assembled) . ,In a previous article on* this sub ject we showed how, in the, end, the Xiambton Colliery proprietary, so far from gaining aught by this step, must inevitably suffer, and how,, : :i they suffering, the: whole people dependent on t (he coal-trade must also suffer. How greatly this reduction must before long affect the. dis-: !,.'? triet; may: not yet have impressed itself on men's minds; it is well that this should be understood. Taking, jthen, in round num .-'tiers the;ipyport fortthe year now expiring at ? .';75O,Q0O ;tons— to our thinking a moderate computation — and deducting from the price: thereof 6d. per ton all round, which deduction ' ' ' the miners must1 hereafter be at the loss of, we find that the actual weekly 'decrease ot ex ' penditufe now looming in ritEe distance will ' amount to no, less than £360. Whilst none ' 'but strangers will benefit ; this will be our loss/ We have heard it said by some that there, is no intention on the part of the man-; , agem'ent of the Lambton Colliery to lower, ^hy miners' wages. Possibly not. '?' There may be no present intention, but a future necessity there is bound to be; nothing can prevent \- thfa. Against this, whenit comet, the fathfrlyA (interest evmcaidj by the iqanager in all thai concern* -the men, the liberal subscriptions, and the picnics, will' hardly prove an accept '-'atrte setoff. Still must it be confessed that the. whole affair has been throughout most Sfifciirably managed; the union has been sapped and weakened, the Lambton men- have divided amongst themselves their union money; the-string has been loosened from the bundle ofstfcksj the men had begun to believe iii 1 'the integrity of their employers ; the time had come to drive in the thin edge of the wedge 1 'of further imposition1 with impunity, for it war thought that the men were helpless. How ,, strange, that just when the wire informed us of the great strike at Newcastle in^England having terminated in a victory for the men, . they having won for themselves shorter hours 'and better wages; there should have appeared in Newcastle, New South Wales, this raischie ' v'o'us circular. Strange, too, that in England the working man should year by year better phis position, whilst his fellow in the coal '' inming1 'districts of New Soitth Wales' should be doing the very reverse. But The best laid plans of mioa and own gang aft age*, ' And so may, moreover, this move of the Messrs Morehead and Young, which, we feel con- 1 vinced, is no new thing.C It israll very ..well 1 for them to plead that others were undersell- 1 ing them,- and they-found ? themselves bound:1 in self-defence to lower their rates. The plea is wanting in genuineness. Did not Mr. Croudace, at the luncheon on the bars of the new furnace, when speaking on thenrospects. it the district, state that ' he had every reason to belieje the price of coal would be(.Iojrer I before it was Wgker'^ )Was|ncithe|lun|h on the-M-ars given^ loflg anteceaeni-- to'-1 tnej alleged underselling, and did not Mr. Crou-j dace speak oracularly? To us it is patentj that the inSnHbn SaSDongSexisted, and all i that restrained its execution was a certain; want of preparation, a preparation which it i was fondjy though t,was completed when dis-; union to all appearance reigned amongst the; men; and jt|e swill arfdlthe penfer fidfet fcge ther had ^parted frofc amongst f them.yiln this, howeverji ' the Lambton' Company will; probably find, that they have reckoned without their host The men are commencing to ap preciate at their true value the .various kindly; acts of. their ? employers. They begin to sniff, at the mess of potage, and to doubt as to how; far they would be wise in exchanging for it, their birthright — the right to a fair day's wage for a &a;# tffy'i W«M- Tfferifte those, amongst them who have seen and known in time of old the game now playing, and the consequences invariably following in its train, and who are hardly likely to sit still and see withoufmBxing an e'ffoirt? to sBve^tnemselves and all that they hold dearest in the world,' Closely must and will these men watch the course of events. No matter how determined the other companies may be to keep the price up to 8s. per ton, they must be ultimately forced to lower their rates, and these coming down, the wages also must diminish all round! Tool late then, for successful opposition, the mischief will be beyond recovery ; all being in the one sinking boat, none shall be able to help' his neighbour. Too late then for regret j too late, when some twenty thousand pounds per anmun-lr-Obeing ££t bactf /r&& j&r;^n' people and given unto strangers. It behoves the men in all patience to wait and watchj aud when the time for action comes, then 'must. they act with promptitude and decision, remembering that ' It is not meet to take the children's bread and to cast it to dogs.'} Nothing should we more regret to see than a slrikie ; it is with the men to a very great ex j tehti to prevent this by at once warning thi masters of the consequences of the course, they are tpw p4f tf^bgn'g.pef^jfcd; ing 0, howl ever! the masters will have it, then let the strike be heartfr ##&#tr4&fll^ We are</span></p> <p><span> not 'quite sure but that the men just now</span><span> could better stand the racket of a turn-out</span><span> thancould the coal-owners themselves. ' Thric- i</span><span> i* Le armed who has his quarrel just' Justice</span><span> is ori the side of the men. In the end their</span><span> cause would most certainly prevail.</span></p> 