LAYING MEMORIAL STONE TARLEE WESLEYAN CHAPEL. On Sunday and Monday last, services in con- nection with the above were held—those on Sunday being conducted by the Rev. Mr. Bogle, of Adelaide. On Monday a large number of persons assem- bled to witness the ceremony of laying the me- morial stone—far more than could reasonably have been expected, considering the extreme coldness of the day and the threatening aspect of the weather. After a suitable hymn had been sung, the Rev. W. L. Binks, Superintendent of the District of South Australia, offered up a very impressive dedicatory payer. The Rev. Mr. Burns, Superintendent of the Circuit, said the memorial stone would be laid by Mr. David Nock. Under the stone was a bottle containing the Advertiser and Kapunda Herald newspapers, a plan of the Kapunda Circuit, and a document containing the following inscription:—"This memorial stone of the Wes- leyan Church, Tarleee, was laid by Mr. David Nock, ex-Mayor of Kapunda, on the twenty-sixth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson, Bart., being Governor of the Province, and the seventeenth year of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Connexion; the Rev. John Watsford, of Melbourne, Victoria, being President of the Conference; the Rev. W. L. Binks, President of Prince Alfred College and Chairman of the District of South Australia; the Rev. Edward Benson Burns, Superintendent of the Circuit; Mr. David Nock and Mr. J. P. Moyle, Circuit Stewards; the Trustees being Messrs. James Pearce, M.P., David Nock, Alfred T. Perry, James Shearer, Philip Webber, Joseph Nock, Robert Clarke, William Gill, and Thomas Henry. Architect, Mr. E. Riley. Contractors, Messrs. Gray & Walker. Mr. D. Nock then laid the stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Having done this, he mounted the wall, and said he did not know of anything more pleasing to good men than to see buildings erected to the honour and glory of the Great God who made them. In this colony there were very many such buildings, and he was glad to find the friends in Tarlee had determined to build a chapel there, in which the brethren might meet as soon as it was finished to induce sinners to come to them to learn that Jesus Christ came into the world to save them. In this place would be taught not only the universality of sin, but also the universality of the remedy provided. The plan of salvation through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ would be the most prominent doctrine preached there in contradistinction to that of being saved by good works. The Bible would the groundwork of the discourses delivered there, in which they would find this doctrine of justification by faith in Christ—not by works, lest any man should fall. Still the necessity of good works and a holy life would be enforced, as if these were not manifest they might reasonably doubt if proper faith existed. Other doctrines would be preached, but this would be most prominent, for if a man loved Christ and was found in him, he would be saved, whatever else he might fail to understand. In this place of worship the Gospel would be preached from Sabbath to Sabbath, not always by the class of men they might chose to hear, but at all event by men who were desirous to be instrumental in saving souls—men who, though they might not posses learning, had an experi mental knowledge of salvation. They were not the first to erect a chapel in Tarlee, and some might say that two places were not needed, nor would they be just now if all thought alike, but while they agreed on the main points there were minor differences, and when these differences existed it was well there should be places where all should be able to worship God ,according to the dictates of their consciences. Moreover, they were looking to to the future, and hoped ere long Tarlee would have population to fill both places. In this place the free offers of the Gospel would be enlarged on, for their object in building it was that souls might be saved. This house of God would be a standing reproof to sinners of all classes who refused to leave their sins, whilst to the Christian it would be a constant memorial of the love of God. The Rev. W. L. Binks (Superintendent of the District), being called on, said he would not now address them at any length, as he would have an another opportunity in the evening, when they could listen to him with more comfort. He .would say that in erecting this place the Metho dists carried out their old principles—they were the friends of all, the enemies of none. They did not seek to take a single member from the Bap- tists, but wished to catch the stragglers—those who did not now go to any place of worship— and, moreover, they looked forward to a large increase of population. The establishment of houses of prayer was the best way of repressing not only actual vices, but also many disagreeable nesses. The worship of God had a tendency to promote good order in society. Those who ne- glected religion were not generally found in other respects to be the most desirable neighbours. No doubt they had all heard of the peculiarities of Methodism. Now he did not know that they had any peculiar doctrines, though perhaps they gave special prominence to some of the doctrines which they, in common with all Protestant bodies, held. But he was glad to say many I others were now coming over to them j as, for example, in respect to the doctrine of the witness of the Holy Spirit, to which very general promi- nence was now given by many Christian Churches, as for the last 100 years had been done by the Wesleyans. Then there was another doctrine to which they had given prominence—the doctrine of entire holiness, or Christian perfection as it was called. On this subject they were somewhat misunderstood and misrepresented. They should allow John Wesley to give his own interpretation of what he meant by it. He said it meant nothing more nor less than loving God with all the heart, soul, mind, and strength, and one's neighbour as one's self. When thus properly explained every Protestant accepted this doctrine. These then were the doctrines which they were somewhat peculiar in giving prominence to. He hoped they would have the prayers and sympathy of all present, and their assistance also. A few verses of a hymn having been sung, the Rev. Mr. Day closed this service by offering appropriate prayer, and pronouncing the benedic tion. The contributions having been laid on the stone, the friends in great numbers then adjourned to the commodious store lately erected by Mr. E. Palmer, where a really sumptuous tea had been provided by the ladies, who increased the obliga tion under which they thus placed the friends by presiding with, we were going to say graceful ease at the tables, but, begging the Rev. Mr. Burns's pardon for this slip, we will use his own descriptive term, and say they presided with "queenly dignity." Joking apart, the ladies certainly deserve the utmost credit not only for the quality and liberality of the provision made, but also for the anxiety they displayed for the comfort of their visitors. Although all possible haste was used in com mencing tea and clearing away after, 60 that the meeting might be opened and closed as early as possible, it was 6 o'clock before the meeting commenced. The attendance was exceedingly numerous; and one great feature in the assem blage was the large number of babies in arms and just getting out of arms, some of whom wan dered hither and thither on the best possible terms with themselves, until at last several of them yielding to the influence of sleep were quietly laid in an extempore bed made up for the occasion in one comer of the building. The meeting throughout was an excellent one— the Chairman and the Revs. J. M. Day and W. L. Binks each giving admirable addresses, of which, we regret to say, we shall not be able to give more than an outline (although we took a tolerably full report) on account of the pressure on the space now at our disposal. The meeting having been opened by singing a hymn, The Rev. Mr. Burns (Superintendent of the Circuit) expressed his great pleasure at seeing so large an attendance on tliat interesting occasion, far larger than owing to the state of the weather he had anticipated would, be present. He had to apologize for the absence of Mr. Coltou and the Mayor of Kapunda, both of whom had been very anxious to be with them, but were prevented by various causes. However, they both sent representatives in the shape of donations to the fund. He had now great pleasure in calling on Mr. Pearce, M.P., to take the chair. Mr. Pearce, M.P., in taking the chair, ex pressed his regret that the meeting had not commenced still earlier, as many of the friends had come from a considerable distance, and were therefore anxious soon to be on their way home. It should not be his fault if it was not an early closing meeting. He asked the speakers to go direct to the point of their addresses at once without apology, and exhorted the friends to be equally prompt in transacting the business por tion of the proceedings. If they all acted on this principle the meeting would not only be short, but interesting. One thing further was needed for the success of the meeting, that they should be impressed with this thought—that though the house iu which they were met was humble, God's presence would pervade it. They had a good object in view—the erection of a house in which to glorify God, and to lead sinners to repentance, and to point them to that Pearl of Great Price on whom all their hopes for time and eternity depended. They as Christians had found this blessing, and were anxious all their fellow-beings should share in it, that they might secure an entrance to that world where the wicked ceased from troubling and where the weary are at rest. After a few further remarks the Chairman called on Mr. Joseph Nock (Secretary to the Committee), who read the report, from which it appeared the cause was established four years ago in that neigh bourhood in a cottage about two and a half miles distant, where Sabbath services were regularly held and a Sabbath school conducted. About eleven months since, in consequence of several of those who had attended removing nearer the township, it was deemed advisable to hold the services in Tarlee, axd Mr. James Duell had kindly placed his house at their disposal for that purpose. Owing to the success they met with, they felt it desirable to build a church, and a meeting was held to consider the subject—in consequence of the result of which tenders were invited, and the contractors had agreed to erect and complete the church for £342 17/6. Of that building the memorial stone had been this day laid. So far they had raised £117, exclusive of the proceeds of the present services, by which they hoped to considerably lessen the balance due. The proceeds of the collections on the previous day, of offerings on the stone, and of the tea amounted to £16 17/. The names of the friends who had subscribed this £117 would be ! notified at the opening of the chapel. After speaking a few words of congratulation on the favourable financial report, the Chairman callcdon The Rev. J. M. Day, who, with reference to what had fallen from the Rev. Mr. Binks at the laying of the stone, as to the Wesleyans being considered a peculiar people, remarked that he thought the Baptists were the only people who were called peculiar. Certainly the doctrines Mr. Binks mentioned were not peculiar to the Wesleyans; for as God helped him, he en- deavoured to preach them and the other doctrines referred to by Mr. Nock from Sunday to Sunday. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to make an able address on the true principles of Christian beneficence. As Christians they acknowledged themselves disciples of Christ—learning of him— and they needed to bear in mind his teachings on this and every other point bearing on Christian privilege and duty. Thus since he had been a Christian, and for some time previous, he had been in the habit (as doubtless most of them had) of putting by a certain portion of his in- come for the service of God—not restricting himself to that portion, but going as far beyond it as he could. Still those who did so often had a feeling of dissatisfaction with themselves that they had not done enough, and that led them to consider the question of the real duty of giving to the Lord. It appeared to him that the best teaching on this point was the parable of our Lord as to the king who, journeying into a far country, gave to his servants of his goods to use for him ; as well as those passages in which our Lord reproved the sin of covetousness. This seemed to be the rule to lay down—if they were the Lord's disciples they were the Lord's stewards—dealing not with their own property, but his, and having in all things to follow their master's instructions. It was not enough that they should follow the rule of general custom, they must attend to his specfiic instructions. So that they could not say, "Here's a portion of my property for the Lord," but must regard all they possessed as the Lord's; and what they had to ask themselves was, how much they dare keep back of it for their own personal use. This was the principle they recognized in asking God to "give us this day our daily bread;" they might say they had money to buy bread for years, but then it was not their own. Then they had to consider the wages the faithful would receive, which were expressed in the words, " Well done, good and faithful servant." Here all they needed was their travelling expenses, which was all they dare keep back—the wages would be paid when their stewardship was ended. The same principle also applied to the time which they should devote to God's services. Some grumbled to give the time to attend two services on Sun- day; but the real Christian regarded all his time as God's—the question he had to determine being how much he dare keep back for himself. A hymn having been sung, The Rev. W. L. Binks was next on called, and excused himself for being somewhat late in at- tending the meeting by stating that he had been engrossed in reading afresh the "Life of the Rev. John Newton," which book he had picked up where he was staying. It was a good book, and when he got hold of a good book he liked to deal it out to others. Some no doubt were abreast of the times, but there were others who had not the same opportunities. The power of divine grace was most powerfully manifested in the conversion of John Newton after his life had been several times almost miraculously saved when he was living as a notorious sinner. After his conversion he did an incalculable amount of good for the Church. Thus, when a sinner was converted, they never knew how far the influence for good might extend—one child brought to a knowledge of the Saviour might result in the salvation of the whole family. He had been much struck with a rejoinder by Newton to a Socinian professor who told Newton he had read the Bible through seventeen times, both in the original and in the translations, and could not see any reference to the doctrine of atonement. Newton replied that was easy to be understood ; he had tried several times to see by the light of his candle, but failed, and found it was because the extinguisher was on ; and so till the Professor took the extinguisher of his prejudice off when he searched the Bible, he was not likely to find that which he was supposed to be searching for. Some of the learned professors were discovering new religions. He did not want any such j he was fully satisfied with the Gospel, with its glorious doctrines, hopes, and privileges. Pro fessor Huxley (one of the most scientific men of the day) had made a wonderful discovery, viz.— that man in the babyhood of race was a tadpole. After ages there was another develop ment, when he attained the majestic condition of an oyster; and after still further ages, the dignity of monkeyhood and gorillaship; finally developing into man. This, at all events, should teach them not to be proud of their origin. Professor Huxley was the apostle of the new religion, and at the meeting of the London School Board he said he did not believe all that was stated in the Bible—for instance, as to the origin of man, and that his opinion was shared by many scientific men—men whose opinions were not to be despised because they were now in the minority—reminding them that it was only twelve disciples who met in the upper room at Jeru salem. But if it took millions of ages to evolve man from a tadpole, it would take many more millions of ages to evolve a belief in such a religion as Professor Huxley advocated. The rev. gentle man went on to show the necessity of a prayerful and earnest study of the Bible, which contained all that was necessary to make them wise unto salvation; and although at times its teachings and those of science might seem to clash, they plight depend upon it, science would prove to be in the wrong. Revealed truth and true science were always harmonious ; for God was the author of the one, and the other showed God's works in nature. The rev. gentleman proceeded to dwell on the wonderful discoveries of the Rev. Alex. Williamson in China, where, amongst other slabs in the Temple of Monuments, there was one by the Nestorians—those who were converted to Christ and lived there many years ago. On this slab was to be read by the Chinese all the principal doctrines of the Christian faith of the present day. The Greek Church was now sending active missionaries to China, and recent events had opened a wide field for missionary labours in Italy, Rome, and France, of which England would doubtless avail herself. Coming nearer home, they, as colonists, brought with them their love of religion, and hence they erected many houses of prayer, in which to keep believers in the way, and to train up their children in the fear of the Lord. Their great object of Method ism was to save souls, and man was the instru ment in God's hand of doing this—not neces- . sarily the educated and eloquent man, for God often blessed most abundantly the labours of those who were neither one nor the other, though they were sincere earnest believers. If such men felt a call from God to preach, he would be a bold man who would dare forbid them to do so, and it was because the Methodist Church allowed local preachers that he so strongly admired her. Other Churches were rapidly adopting thin plan. He trusted many a good preacher would yet come out of Tarlee. In concluding a very long and able address, Mr. Sinks asked all to give to to the Lord of that which he had so freely be stowed on them. After a few further remarks from the Chair man, a collection waa made, the result of which, together with promises made, brought the pro ceeds of the services up to £42. The Rev. E. B. Burns followed in a short, but telling speech, in closing which he proposed votes of thanks to all concerned in the gathering— growing quite poetical in his references to the ladies. The motion, as seconded by Mr. Nock, in cluded the ladies, the Rev. Messrs. Bogle, Bincks, Day, and Williams, Mr. Duell for the use of his cottage, Mr. B>. Palmer for the use of the store for the day, and until the completion of the new Church, and Mr. Elliott as representing the Kapunda Herald. The motion was carried by acclamation, and duly responded to on behalf of all concerned by the Bev. J. M. Day. A similar vote of thanks to the Chairman having been disposed of, a most successful meet ing was brought to a close by singing the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction. After the proceedings had been cloBed, a cup of hot tea was thoughtfully provided by the ladieB for those who had any distance to travel. ? 