LORD BROUGHAM'S GHOST STORY. ? w One of the most remarkable stories recently told, appears in Lord Brougham's autobio graphy, which has just been issued by Messrs. Blackwood : — 'A most remarkable thing happened to me — so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School, I went with G ? , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we trequentiy m our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects — among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I.will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation ; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agree ment, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear ! to the other, and thus solve any doubts we , had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the col lege, G ? went to India, having got an; appointment there in the civil service He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a { few years I had almost forgotten him ; more- ! over, his family having little connection with i Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything ; of them, or of him through them, so that all \ the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had ; taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and ! while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had under- j gone, I turned my head round, looking to- * wards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? , looking calmly at me. How I got out of my bath I know not, . but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness ofG ? , had disappeared. The vision pro- : dueed such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart ; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date, December 19th, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a i dream I cannot fora moment doubt; yet for years I had no communication with G ? , nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G ? or with India, or with anything relating to Him or to any members ot his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion, and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G ? must have died and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future state. This was on 19th December, 1799. In October 1862 Lord Brougham added as a postscript : — ' I have just been copying out from my journal the accountofthis strange dream. Certissima mortis imago ! And now to finish the story, begun aboxit sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G ? 's death, and stated that he had died on 19th December !' 