My Adventures and Researcnes in ' The Paoiflo. [BY A MASTER MARINER.] TJATTAIN MONKSHAW'S NAlUtATIVE-(CONTINUED.) " She would not permit me to leave until night h fallen, and when I returned to my house I felt in humour to join my .native friends, who, after thi Bupper, fell as usual to singing and dancing in t moonlight on the sand. When at length they h retired to rest, I strolled off alono to a long distan from the village, and passed tho night in wande ing by the margin of tho sea, and in revolving my mind the strange incidents of the past day. "The love of thia woman had snared mo like a nc . the risks to whioh I bad bound myself were terribl not that I regretted my promises-far from it-1 my heart leaped, and my pulse quickened with pri and defiance at tho thought of hoing her protect< even against the most hopeless odds. " I was over head and ears in love, and hi already "experienced just so much of it as wou determine mo to encounter, if neod bc, the mo deadly perils on the chance of hoing able to rcsci .?. linea. À day or two ago I would have run gre risk but to get speech of her ; now I had gained n "wish, and so far from being in any degree release ' . of my enchantment, I was ready, on occasion, an [ with a free will ' to give up life for her, and g ' where a man lies with all his loves put out, and h lips fall of earth.' " I took out tho strange token she had given mi and regarded it by the light of tho moon, and fell t \- meditating on the mystery of its origin. "Prom whence did that ancient wanderer come Who had bequeathed it to his children ? It wa evidently of bronze, but whether molten or gravel I'could not say. For what use could it have beoi intended ? In Bhape it was like a plummet, but i . did not seem to be heavy enough for such a purpose ; of a truth it must have teen hollow. The élaborât ornamentation ot it was like workmanship of Ohim or Japan. Could this Lorb have been> Japanes mariner, driven out of hia course to this remot island ? Such things have happened, even in ou days. Not many years ago a junk from tha \- country arrived safe at the Hawaiian Isles, afte having drifted helplessly about the seas for elevoi mouths. Another was cast upon the ßhores o Oregon ; and still more strange, there is an authen tic record of a bronze bell of Japanese manufactur . Laving been Been among the natives of the Nortl Island of New Zealand, who said that it had beei found years ago, buried deep in the earth under th< roots of a tree which had baen torn up on theil coast by tho wind. This island was not much mor than half the distance from the Japanese coast o " even Hawaii ; so that seemed to settle the question Xoro must havo been a Japanese or Chinese navi gator; but he had not arrived in the company o Asiatics. Doubtless he had been cast first on somi * [other isle, and had left it in company with strolling ' savages ; and hero he dwelt and pined, and looked out daily from the top of his lonely tower, anxiously .Boanning tho horizon in the futile hope that a for " túnate wind would one day bring some gallant junk ?with ' sails of silk and ropes of sendai,' to bear hin > '. back to his piratical village hy the muddy watera o the great Yang-tzo; there would he celebrate hi roturn with tinkling bells, and burning of odoriferou pastiles at the shrine of Joss. Back to the Celestia flowery land ; the land of light and melody, papé lanterna and sonorous gongs ; to the feasts of beche lo-mer, and birds-nest soup ; and tortue arms of th< ddiciouB damsel with the stumpy feet and ahnonc . eyes. . This then folly accounted for the strange absence of religious belief of these people ; theil abandonment of cannibalism, and of the worship oi \- their anoieht idols. This disciple of Confucius had ' doubtless indoctrinated them with the oynicaJ ; materalism of his countrymen. Many othei jocularities of the natives of this island appeared tc ' confirm this hypothesis. They built stone houses, and made canoes without outriggers. They had a \- form of marriage, and a practice of executing crimi ; nols by decapitation in the Oriental way. Of some .families among them, the males shaved their heads, . leaving on the crown a long lock after the fashion of Tartar tribes. " But hore a difficulty presented itself. There was no trace of Mongol descent in the countenance of tho, woman who had so bewitched me, neither in that of the king who waa her kinsman ; nor yet in the visage of any ¡living soul I had seen upon the island.. It was not possible that all the so, decided characteristics of the Mongolian type should have boen utterly obliterated in three or four generations ; the flat features, the slanting eyes drawn up towards the temples, the lids that when the eyes were closed Beamed to fold inside, tho coarse, straight, horsey hair. When I conjured up before my mental vision the eidolon of my glorious mistress; her " splendid hair-black, it is true, but so soft and silky, fall of wavy ripplea glistening in the sunshine, with a golden tinge, streaming almost to her heels, cover ing half her hody liko a garment ; her broad, low, marble forehead, her straight, dark, brows ; her " great, "lustrous, dreamy eyes, gleaming under the long, Boft lashes, that fringed the alabaster lids (those wonderful eyes that had cast such a glamour over ' my lonely heart) ; her fino, straight nose and little nostrils ; her full, ripe, rosy lips, carved like a , cupid's bow ; my ingenious theory of the nationality of her whito ancestor, foll to pieceB like a castle of cards, and my perplexity incroaBed, so that I grew siok of speculating, and I returned sorrowfully to my quarters shortly before daybreak, and cast myBelf down on my old oouch, and straightway fell ' into a deop Bleep. But my spirit slept not, but seemed to ari so and wandor out into the night, like a restless ghost. Down the white, sandy pathway, under the feathery palms, whioh waved their whispering fronds between me and tho moon; through the silent street, by the king's gateway, where the white skulls ranged along the coping of ' the wall, grinned and blinked with their cavernous eyes.- Had they ever been lovers oven as I ? If so, they had come to the end of every man's desiro ; they had finished thoir little game, and thrown down the bones. Even so ! Omnium vonustatam mors abolot ; my turn will como soon enough. In ihojmeanwhile, I will live and love asjbost I may. "Moat of tho enjoyments of existenco springs from mero imagination, and it were well sometimes that men would be content to ho BO deooived. "My companions had become soaooustomedtomy . habitual taciturnity and liking for strolling about alone that they now took but little notice of my movements' So about mid-day I. got rid of them, and by a circuitous route made my way to the lit Morai. " I found the old woman seatod in the sunshi on a bench outside of her door. She bade me welcoi in her usual manner, but there was an odd oxpn sion in her withered faco, a sort of comic satisfs tion, like a glowworm of tho grave, glinting in h rheumy eyes. I could understand it, it wa3 the remembrance what had happoned yesterday, and seemed to plo tome, 'Ah, you young and happy ones, how mu of the light which illumines your morry days do yi sometimos owe to tho old and forlorn ? We w] have outlived tho lovo and oven tho pity of our kin aro ye not often beholden to us to unlock for y< tho hidden spring wherein lies tho magic elis which makes of your gay lives a paradise ?' Th was what her look conveyed, though she had n words to explain-it ; and I took hold of her shrivellc hand as sho made room for me on the Beat bosic her. ' ' You no longer distrust me,' she inquire^ ' Forgive me,' I roplied. 'It seemed all i strange, and my life is so full of danger and feai She did not answer me, but seemed to be traoin figures in tho sand with her stick. .' ' Tell me, ' said I, ' about Loro ; from wbenc came ho here P' " ' He came from the westward,' she replied " but we do not know where his land was. In thof days our people had seen many men like him. The came sometimes from the rising," sometimes froi the setting sun. The first came from th east. They came in great canoes or ships, and ov poo])le were afraid. Three Bhips came within th reef, and made fast close to the shore. All ov. people hid themselves in tho woods ; but gainin courage came by degrees nearer to the strängen The men (or gods, as our people believed them to be, were red ; but the chiefs who were over them shon fire like in tho sun. They were not made like th other men for they were put together in pieces ; w do not see men like those now.' " 'In pieces?' said I. 'What do you mean?' She stooped down and picked up a land-era which crawled under the bench, and laid her finge upon its joints. ' Like this,' she said, ' hard a stone, and bright like still water when the su; I shines on it; and they had fire in their mouths, am smoke came out of their nostrils; and they wave* some things in their banda which looked like a flam or sunbeam. And one of them came forward witl a green branch of a tree in his hand, and one of ou chiefs, whose name was Atapa, a brave man wh< feared naught, wont up to him and smelled his face and they became friends; and Atapa called hi brothers out of tho wood, and they all smelled th strangers. And Atapa went back to the wood, ant he and his family killed a young man and skinnec him, and gave it to the strangers to eat; but the] were angry and buried it in the sand ; and oui people were afraid, but no harm came of it. Am then our women came to see the strangers, and thi strangers were kind to them ; and Atapa and hit friends brought their wives and sisters, and thi strangers were pleased, and made love to them, anc gave them all manner of beautiful things ; and om people discovered that they were like other mei when they had stripped themselves of their hare shells, only that their bodies wero white all over And so many days passed by, and still thi strangers remained. One day Atapa and other bra vi men went on board the largest ship, and thi strangers made groat thunder and lightning, but thei made signs to Atapa and his people not to ba afraid. And they saw wonderful things, of which the storj has been told to UH. In the ship were houses wit! living oreatures in them, huge and terrible to look at,and in the finest of these houses was a woman-s white woman, with a red mouth and bright eyes, and round her head were stars like the Matariki, jusi as bright aB the stars in the sky at nigbt. And Atapa was afraid of the woman because tho stränge« all bent do wn before her as we do now before the king, And tho woman did not speak to them, but only tc a man clothed in black, who was there, and he told his companion what she said. And there was mud wailing of our women when these strangers went, and children were born to them on the land after they were gone. And when Loro came he had scales on his bod; like the rest, but oast them off after he had lived here for a time. He was a tall man with a long beard, and our people at times were greatly afraid of him. He had several sons by our women, and he tattooed them all with a mark like that (drawing a oroBS in the sand with the point of her staff). You will: seo it on stones about the island; tho people cali it Loro's mark,. It is on his grave, which is on the long north point of the island where bis tower used to be. His grave was made years before howdied, hud the great stone made ready which covers it, and ae made them out that mark on it. His sons and grandsons were bad men, and killed ono another ; they have been a family of murderers, but there has been no eating of men on this island since Loro came. When I was a little girl there came white men here, and tho king treated them well for a while, but his kindness was only to deceive them, for at last he killed them all and burned their ship, after taking everything out of her. It was from that ship, and another one which had been taken before it that all those fine things came which you see in the king's house, and there is much moro you havo not seen. There was a white man living here then, and it was he who advised the king to do this. Ho was a bad man, and had been thrown overboard hore from a ship close to tho land by some sailing strangers. He swam on shore and the people would have killed him but he bohaved in such a strange way that the king would not have him killed. He jumped right over tho heads of the men who triod to catch him, and leaped that high wall that is before the king's door ; he would got on tho top of a tall pole and drink a bowl of kava standing on his head. I have seen him do it. The king said he was a devil, and so would not have him . killed at that time. The people called him Malolo, because he could leap like a Hying fish. He was a bad man ; he it wns who persuuded the king to kill all tho white men of that ship, and helped to do it. After the ship was takon he wanted something out of her which the king would not give him ; so ho stole it, and tho king, knowing ho had done so, had him skinned alive. Tho skin is somewhere in the king's house to this day. Malolo had a mark on his left shoulder like a bird. If you were to see the skin you might know perhaps what manner of man ho was by that murk.' "Probably, thought I, a French galley slave of tho Bourbon day, branded with aJlcitr-dc-lys, andi fell to pondering what strange men do find thoir way . into thçse unknown Beas. " 'How many mon's lives,' I inquired, ' ie¡Jit since Loro died ? ' In the time,' she answered, * of my father's father-he was tho vaiangaitu, or devil's priest ; he it was who told me about Loro.' (This woman could not be fur from a 100 years old. " 'Will she como to day ?' I asked. ' No,' she replied, ' not to-day nor to- morrow, th<* third day from this, at midday.' I arose and departed. The old woman's information had made tho mystery plain enough. This Loro was a Spaniard, doubtless ono of the crew of some ill-fated Manilla galleon which had come to grief in some way, of this there could be no doubt. This island lies in the direct track from Acapulco to tho PMllipiues, between which places, at least, one vessel used to go'and return every year, in the early part of the 18th century. Sometimes several vessels made the voyage in company. Tho old woman's account of men in' armour (as she evidently meant), of the animals in the ship, and of tho Madonna -with her crown of stars, and the'b'ack-robed priest who ministered before her-could not have boen an invon^'on of savages ; but it was evidently the truth that these isolated people had been more than once visited by great ships of the Conquistadores. That Loro vms one of them was equally certain, for he also was in harness when ho came : his use of the sign of the cross,-and the fact of the islanders having an idea that is speech was different to that of the white men they now sometimes see, was evidence enough that he was a Spanish Catholic. His building a tower, and looking out so persistently till the day of his death, were HIBO accounted for. He know this island to be in tho direct route of the galleons which yearly passed and re-paased between Mexico and Manilla ; perhaps he had removed to it from some other island for that very reason, und I roturned to specu lating upon the lump of bronze ; perhaps it was nothing after all, some Chinese curiosity which he might have have picked up at Manilla, some toy of neither use nor value which he might have given to his children to play with: and they might have invented or irriaginecl tho story of what he said about it, or have* mistaken his meaning in some way. Still my mind was not satisfied. I sat down by the wayside and oxamined it again. I had aeon Chinese boxes, padlocks, and puzzles, of both metal and ivory, over which a man might rack his brains for ever before ho could of himself find out the way to open them; but which was, nevertheless, simple enough when you did know it. " I once wasted a good deni of time in trying to find out the secret of how they managed to cut those wonderful balls of ivory, "of which a number of diminishing SÍZB are contained within ono another, all alike curiously carved with diverso figures, yet all apparently from one solid piece. I broke one with a hammer with no other result. I sawed another asunder, and was m as far as ever from the solution of tho question. A't last, after destroying several of these beautiful ornamonts, I was enabled to cry Eureka ! I boiled ono of them in a pot, and tho ivory being thereby softened and swollen, disclosed the ingenious joint, which opened at once. Now this piece of metal had, as I said before, the appearance of a seam round the centre of it, and I continued to wonder whether there WUB not some way to open it. The black spots at each end like the eyes of a cocoa nut (which doubtless gavo the women tho idea that it would grow), what could they mean ? A bright idea struck me all at once. They were exactly opposite to each other ; perhaps they screwed it together and these holes may have been intended for tho reception of some kind of a key to produce u sufficient leverage to start the screw ! I picked them with the point of my knife and found thoy wore indeed holes choked up with hardened rust. I recol lected that I had seen, in the house where I lived, a piece of wire which would, just about fit them. I went home and procured it. It was about the hour when all the househould wore taking their siesta, so that I was quite free from interruption.' I pointed one end of the wire upon a hard stone and cleared out tho hole, so that it passed through ; I then broke it in two, and, thrusting ono half through each end of the metal, I endeavoured to unscrew it ; my hands trembled with excitement and tho perspiration Btood iu thick drops upon my face, for I had thoroughly persuaded myself that there was something inside. I strained at it with all the strength" of my wrists and fingers but to no purpose, and was obliged to abandon the attempt. Nevertheless I did not despair-I was certain that it was hollow. I knew that the king had a filo among his treasures as I had used it when repairing one of his muskets. To-mor row I would borrow it on some pretence, file the pieco of metal in two, and BO see the inside of it. I knew that this Chinese motal was very hard but patience and a file would divide it in time if it were adamant. 