SPIRITUAL INFORMATION - . IT is becoming somewhat fashionable in this so called age of intellectual and scientific development to go beyond rhe means which science and an advanced system of education has placed wuhin our reach, and intelligence is now commonly sought on matters of sublunary interest from the ghos'.lv : ;ihiibitauts of the spirit world. For years past spiritualistic belief has been professed and openly advocated in England and America, and it is perhaps not to be wondered at that in the course of time these ideas should have found their way to Australia, or that, amongst our composite population some strongly imaginative people should be found who could reconcile themselves to a belief iu a communion between bodies material and immaterial. Only a few months ago a clergyman chose to sacrifice his living rather than abandon the "spiritual light" which had recently dawned upon him, and recently he has been favoring the Melbourne public with the opinions of "Sir ROBEET PEEL" and OLIVER CROMWELL' on thePRE> Heiit political state of affairs in Ejgl:;nd. " Tips" for the recent races by " ghostly Nimrods" have been of late n;>re prolific than successful, although K is said that one " spirit" named the winning horse, but even that circumstance would go to prove that in the spirit world it is only the favoured ghosts who can obtain "correct in- " ,'ormatiou." From the arrival of a horse at the winning post to the arrival of the mail steamer in the Bay, is spiritually speaking perhaps only a natural transition, aud the ladies and li'CTitlemen who are in immediate rapport with certain friends in a dis tmoodied state, now profess to be able to tell us, not what is to happen, but what has happened under circumstances of which it is impossible that any earthly information could have reached these colonies. The mediums t-ay that the Queen is dead, and that the mail steamer has foundered. Both or either may be true, but then any material body, let alone a spirit, inight have ventured the same assertion with the same amount of probability. But did it never occur to our spiritists in Victoria that they are somewhat behind their time? The professors of that belief and their mediums in this colony only give, second hand, the results of conversations held with the spirits of the departed. It is clear to us that they have not yet become thoroughly pro- ficient in their business, they have vet a very great deal to learn. In New York, in the year 1869, an enterprising member of their connection was publicly disposing of photographs of the deceased friends of his customers at 10 dollars each. If our spiritist friends require confirmation Jet them read the following compiled from a London periodical of June, 1869. A young man from the country went bef <re the Mayor of New York, and propounded to him the question— "Two men what ain't no relation^ '•can't have the same grandmother, " can they F " The countryman it appears had gone to a person named MCMLER, who practised in .New York as a "spiritual photographer," ^ and paid him ten dollars for a portrait of l.is 4 " deceased grandmother." He was so much gratified with this work of art that he returned to MtraiLEB'ss shop to order a portrait of another deceased relation, but he encountered at the door a man who was affec-- tionately contemplate^ the features of his grandmother, which had been produced "by tjie same process and At the same price. The countryman found to'liis-astonishment and disgastj U that not onlythe -process aud the prrllp but that "the features in the two portraits were the -same. The Mayor expressed an unqualified opinioD that Mr. MUMEEE'S proceeding TO A " swindle," and he directed Marshal TOCHER to visit Mr. MTTMLEB'S shop and desire to be supplied with a spiritual portrait of- the Marshal's father-in-law, who was then alive. Mr. Mumler furnished the required portrait, and thereupon Marshal TOOKER took him as a cheat, and ; brought him before the Mayor. Mr. MUMLER was •however supported by his admirers, and one writer in the New York Tribune declared the portraits of our grandmothers to be " holy revelations" and that MTJMLER was " an instrument iu the power of the honorable dead," a statement which seems to have been made in oblivion of the fact that Marshal TOOEER'S father-in-law was alive. The examination of MUMLER lasted several days, and the devotees of spiritualism gathered round him. An assistant of MUMLER'S swore that he told Marshal TOOKER that the face dimly seen in the corner of the Mar- shal's own photograph would be " that of the person most in sympathy with him," a description which hardly suits a father-in-law, and is totally inapplicable to a mother-in-law. Another witness produced a spiritual photograph which he had had done by MUMLER. His own likeness was good, but the person " most in sympathy with him",was so shadowy as to be unrecognizable. The celebrated BAREUM was called for the prosecution, and admitted that he had procured from Mr. MUMLER spiritual portraits of " NAPOLEON BUONAPARTE" and " HESRT CLAY," which he exhibited as " humbug." The counsel for the defence referred to spiritual manifestation in the Bible, particularly that which was perceived by BALAAM'S ass, and he thus drew upon himself the answer that the perception of such manifestations by "asses" was not confined to ancient times. MUMLER was acquitted because it could not be proved by what mechanical means the dim face on Marshal TOOELE'S portrait was produced, and he was left at liberty to augment his previous stock of grandmothers." Such was the story told in Ncv York some two years ago, and it is strange that our Victorian spiritists have not been placed in possession of it. If, however, the spirits in this particular instance have proved unfaithful to their trust, we now hasten to afford the following information to their votaries in Victoria, viz.—That- the spiritual photography Df grandmothers is a paying game, and that we can assure them upon the aujjiority of an eminent American lawyer that the first spiritist known to the ancients was " BALAAM'S ass." 