iatet WLm*. COLONIAL GOVERNORS. — The Ceylon Observer, of Jane 10, says :—" Information of an authentic character has been received here that Sir Hercules Robinson will be relieved of the Government of Ceylon in October next, by which time he will have administered the affairs in person rather less than six years. It was lately understood that the Governor of Ceylon, equally with the Governor of Madras and some other viceregal representatives, had been assured an extra year of office in view of the personal expenses attending the visit of TTTa Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh last year. This sudden change of plans, therefore, -would seem to us to imply the transference of Sir Hercules to another Government, probably to that of New South Wales or Victoria, both of which will shortly be vacant. Be that as it may, the colonists and the intelligent portion of the people of Ceylon are naturally on the <jui viae with reference to the name and abilities of the coming man. A gentleman whose name has before been connected with colonial appointments, though we believe he has never held office out of Great Britain, is now stated to have received the appointment. That gentleman is not Sir Philip Wodehouse, Sir Harry Ord, Sir B. MacDonnell, or Mr. Ayrton, but Mr. Gregory, M.P. for one .of the Irish constituencies. October next, as intimated above, is named as the time when His Excellency-elect will enter on the Governorship of Ceylon." IN THK GULF.—The weather in the Gulf was very boisterous for the 24 hoors ending at midnipbt on Monday. On Sunday the barometer fell considerably, and the appearance of the western horizon at sunset denoted that a heavy breeze was at hand. Monday morning commenced with a strong breeze from about north,. and afterwards it veered to north-west, but on the falling tide there was not much wind. A disagreeable cross |sea then set in. Shortly after the flood-tide began a vessel was signalled, and as she headed up the Gulf on the port tack it was seen that she would not reach the roadstead, but an early start was made to cut her off, when she again stood in shore. The Press boat was scarcely clear of the Semaphore Jetty before heavy gusts from about W.N.W. reduced her to close-reefs, and ultimately the balance points were tied as the sea increased, and the rising wind drove the spray clean over the boat's mast- head. For some time she battled away in hopes of boarding the vessel, but at length it became evident that further attempt doing so was to run great risk, therefore she was kept away for the Lighthouse, and in an hour was in the smooth water of the harbour. During the afternoon the sea drove quite .over the Semaphore Jetty in a way which has not been seen since the gale of 1864, when several men were lost in attempting to board the same mail steamer. Telegrams were forwarded to the Port officials to the effect that no embarkation was deemed advisable from the Semaphore, but at the last moment there was a temporary lull in the gale and the pilot was landed. As, however, it was impossible to reach the Pekina and land before dark she was left till next morning. INTERCOLONIALSTEAMERS.—The Penolahaving met with heavy weather, did not sail from Robe till 5.30 p.m. yesterday. The time of her sailing hence for Melbourne and the outports is therefore postponed, as per a notice in our business columns. THE STKATHALBYN GHOST. — " Naturalist" writes:—" If Mr. Tregilgas can get permission to raise the slab upon which he saw the female ' ghost' he will find that the earth under it has sunk, leaving a space, the outline of which will be of much the same shape as that of his ' ghost.' And if he will enlarge the said space to resemble himself, with legs and arms outstretched, and replace the slab carefully, pressing down the earth closely all round it, he may the first night there is a good fall of dew catch his own 'ghost' on top of it." SAXONY RAMS.—The Pekina has brought a consignment of 24 Saxony rams, the whole of which are in excellent condition; and will doubtless form a valuable acquisition to the breeding stock of the province. SrAEROWs.—By the steamer Coorong Mr. O'Halloran, of the National Bank, Port Adelaide, has imported a cage of these British birds, With the intention of liberating the feathered strangers at O'Halloran Hill. It is therefore to be hoped that Cockney sportmen and others in search of a swap shot will abstain from molesting them in their new settlement. THE SEMAPHORE JETTY.—It would have been well if the Treasurer and members of the Marine Board could have seen the start from the Semaphore Jetty on Monday morning, for they would surely^ at once have made arrangements to lengthen the structure. The land has run out so far that the boats in leaving during a westerly breeze are obliged to make a short tack in the broken water, and if they miss stays nothing can prevent the crafts stranding. Some day a serious accident will draw attention forcibly to the matter, but it is evidently a work which should have immediate attention. BROOKS V. WAY.—This case was commenced this morning before Mr. Justice Gwynne and a Special Jury, being an action against Mr. S. J.' Way, the solicitor, in respect of property of the late Nathaniel Brooks, of Hurtle Vale. The question arose from the existence of conflicting wills, under the latter of which the whole of the property of the testator was bequeathed to Edward Bonnet, the plaintiff, with whom he had been living for thirteen months. The defendant alleged that the second will was procured by fraud and the undue influence of the plaintiff. The - evidence also raised another question as to the sanity of the testator at the time of making the will. ACCIDENT TO CAPTAIN ORCHARD.— During the voyage of the Pekina, when north of the Line, Captain Orchard was one day descending from the poop of the main deck when he trod on a fragment of grease, which caused his ancle to turn under him, and he fell breaking his left leg just above the ancle. The people on board did all they could to alleviate the pain, and as soon as possible the vessel shaped a course for Porto Grande to procure surgical assistance, after which the master was confined to his berth for five weeks. On nearing the land he has been shifted to the deck on several occasions, and the result has been a swelling of the limb, which will, however, soon be attended to by Dr. Gething. THE RAINFALL.—The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday at the- undermentioncd places :— Adelaide.. Blanchetown Kapunda... Auburn ... Wallaroo... Moonta ... Clare 0-259 0 050 0-890 0-400 0-060 0-080 0-420 Melrose Mount Barker Willunga Normanville .. Port Elliot Gumeracha 0-710 0-9S5 0-357 0-125 0-221 0-560 MEAT - PRESERVING IN VICTORIA.—At the second half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Meat- Preserving Company (the Argus reports) the Directors were enabled to present a satisfactory report. The profit and loss account shows a credit balance of £961 13s. lOd.—a sum sufficiently large^to pay a handsome dividend. This, however, the Directors did not recommend, as a large proportion of the shipments of meat had not yet been realized. In estimating the value of meat and tallow, any fall in price that may take place has been provided for. Had the balance been made for the past six months only, a much larger profit would have been shown, as during the first sis months the Company worked at a loss from many causes, chiefly owing to the unavoidable delay occasioned in carrying out the improvements in the works during that period. During the past half-year the Company has preserved nearly one million pounds of meat, whilst during the previous half the quantity was only 367,606 lbs. The expediency of removing the works—a measure proposed at the previous half-yearly meeting—was discussed, as was also that of effecting a change in the method of soldering the tms, which practically involves an alteration in the plan of preserving the meat. These and other matters were ultimately remitted to the Directors, and the report was adopted without alteration. EDITORIAL AMENITIES AT PORTLAND.—The old dispute between the two Portland papers appears to have been revived, and is now being waged with the usual vehemence. A candidate (Mr. E. P. Hughes) having published an address to the electors of Portland, the Guardian remarks:—"The moon-struck nonentity who publishes an address to the electors of Portland would hardly have courage to face a torn cat, unless through the medium of printers' ink." The Editor of the Western Times replies as follows:—"We confess to a defeat—we are beaten: in that courage which consists in facing torn cats the Editor of the Guardian has the better of us. Nay, more than this, he has the courage to do many things we believe we could not do—he can pervert facts, falsify statements, and then face it out with a courage, a shameless wicked impudence, to which the courage of facing a torn cat is as nothing. If to castigate dummyism, and at the same time be guilty of it, be courage, then he may boast its possession, and challenge not only ourselves, but all whom we know—at any rate in Portland—to contend with him for the belt. If to fume and rage with the fury of 'a bulldog, and in the indulgence of such fury interrupt Mr. Spensley in March, aud then fawn upon the same gentleman in June, be courage, our contemporary has it, and we do not care to enter the lists with Kim ; he may keep it all to himself. There is one thing at least the Editor of the Gwardiaii has not courage to do—he dare not face the truth." MR. ANB MRS. T. P. BUI.—We observe that our former talented fellow-townsman Mr. T. P. Hill has now in his public readings at Melbourne the valuable assistance of his wife, who will be remembered by many private friends here as Miss Ayliffe. The Australasian, of July 8, gives the following very gratifying notice" of her successful cUb-al:—"Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Hill gave their readings, as announced, on the nights of Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, at the Town Hall, in the upper room. Mrs. Hill made an undoubted success in her delivery of t}ie humorous selections. For after the first trepidation natural to a deb(U had been overcome she gave herself completely up to the influence arising out of the scene described. Her personation of the respective characters of Sairey Gamp and Betsy Prig was graphic and life-like, without being in the least exaggerated. Mrs. Hill has great facial mobility and much power in the direction of vocal inflexion; and a very little practice in public, so as to discipline her powers to the requirements of varying acoustic conditions, will enable her to claim the .position of being a popular favourite. Besides the selections from Dickens she took part in some scenes from 'As You Like It' and the 'Honeymoon,' and proved herself to possess very much of that quality which helps to success in • elegant comedy. Altogether Mrs. Hill promises to be a valuable acquisition to the limited list of those who contribute to the intellectual enjoyment of the public." ARTISTIC.—An exchange paper mentions that there has been on view in Melbourne a work of art of a novel character, called the "Evergreen." It is a picture in wood representing a ship in full sail off a rugged iron-bound coast. The size is only three feet ten inches by two feet ten inches, yet no less than 4,000 distinct pieces of the beautifully-tinted woods of New Zealand have been used in its construction. The whole is the work of Mr. J. R. Dry, who was occupied upon it for many years. The tints of the wood have been so blended that the colour of every part of the ship, the sky, the water, and the coast, and other concomitants of the scene are shown almost as perfect as in an oil-painting. The affair is a wonderful result of patience and industry. SPORTING ITEMS.—The Australasian reports that Lapdog is in -better fettle than he was this time last year. It states also that Mr. Gerrard, of Adelaide, has resolved not to send Talk 'o the Hill to Victoria next season, as was his intention when the horse left here. The foals which Mr. Gerrard has got by Talk the first year after his arrival have so satisfied him of his great worth, that he intends to use him entirely for his own mares this season. We hear there is some likiihood of Panic taking up hi§ quarters near Melbourne. The latest betting is thus recorded :—Melbourne Cup—100 to 7 against Glencoe (offered, -100 to 6 wanted); 100 to 6 Little Dick, Mermaid, and Amethyst; 100 to 5 Lapdog and Romula; 100 to 4 Endeavour, Retort, Beatrice, Hamlet, Lady Clifden, Nimblefoot, Florence, Lottery, Valentine, The Spy, Duke of Montrose, Croydon, ani Barbelle; 100 to 3 Barbarian, Detective, Snowdrift, Pyrrhus, The Pearl, The Baron, The Monk, Foam, and Praetor; 35 to 100 to 1 against others; 100 to 1 to 100 to 5 Sydney Derby and Metropolitan Stakes; 1,000 to 1 to 1,000 to 5 Metropolitan and Melbourne Cup. INTERCOLONIAL FREE TRADE. — We notice that the people of Tasmania have not relinquished their efforts to establish a free interchange of colonial products. At the last meet- ing of the Council of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce a letter was read from the Hobart Town Chamber directing renewed attention to the subject. The letter recapitulated the steps which had already been taken with the view te bring about the desired object, and referred to the increasing restrictions on the intercolonial trade. After alluding to the Acts passed in Tasmania and New Zealand, and the Bill introduced in South Australia—all having in view the establishment of reciprocity iu the interchange of colonial products and manufactures—the letter urged the Melbourne Chamber to 'bring its utmost influence to bear upon the Government and Legislature of that colony, in order that by united simultaneous effort the end iu view might be speedily attained. After considerable discussion, it was resolved to seek an interview with the Hon. the Chief Secretary on the subject, and the Secretary was instructed to write accordingly, asking the hon. gentleman to receive a deputation from the Chamber next week. GROWINC; OATS.—The Xelson Examiner writes: —" Ota go expects to produce 1,800,000 bushels of oats this year. At 2s. 6d. per bushel—a low figure—£225,000 is the return to the farmers. In Dunedin oats sell at about 3s. 3d., and large quantities are exported. Two years ago the quantity grown was 1,300,000 bushels, and seven or eight years ago Otago was importing oats from Tasmania, and paving 7s. 6d. a bushel for the same. There is niateiial progress here, and who shall despair of a -country which produces such results in such a short space of time ?" Is IT TRUE?—A correspondent of the Pleasant Creek paper says that "since last season over 100 Germans, many of them with families, have travelled from Adelaide to Horsham, with the view of settling down in that locality. A large number of them possess sufficient means to start in farming, and as they are all men who have followed the occupation iu the sister colony, they are thoroughly conversant with the best systems requisite here in view of the exigencies of the climate. If these families give a favourable report of the ground and climate a large number will be induced to follow, so that before long quite a colony of Germans is expected to settle on the lands in that neighbourhood." THE AUSTRALIAN AND NETHERLANDS STEAM SERVICE.—We notice that at a meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce,'"a letter was read from Sir. A. Van Deldeu, the President of the Chamber at Batavia, on the subject of steam communication between Australia and Netherlands India. After referring to the efforts made by the Batavian Chamber * for promoting this object since the year 1864, and to the action of the Imperial Government in Holland, and the Government of Netherlands- India in the same direction, the communication went on to say that one more attempt, and probably a last one, would be made, which would depend fof its success on the amount of support and sympathy it me c with iu Australia. The letter then asks the co-operation of the Melbourne Chamber in the object which Mr. Fraser comes to these colonies to promote, that gentleman being not only introduced as a member of the Batavian Chamber, but also as the head of the Netherlands - India Steam Navigation Company. As Mr. Fraser had proceeded to Adelaide to confer' with the Government of South Australia on the subject of his mission, it was resolved to invite him to meet the • Committee on his return." AMMONIA FOR TOOTHACHE. — Mr. Henry Stephens, of "Robe, confidently recommends ammonia as a cure for what Bums called the "hell o' a' diseases." He suggests that any one who suffers intensely from the pain should at once go to a chemist's shop, or some other place where Liq. Am. Fort, is kept in bulk, and inhale from a large jar, the bigger the better; but certainly the sufferer will need to act cautiously, as the drug is strong and stupifying. The writer, speaking from personal experience and success in curing other people, although not guaranteeing that in all cases ammonia will answer, tells that in most instances it gives instantaneous relief, and even in the most severe attacks, resulting in a recurrence of the agony for three or four hours, another application affords ease, and keeps down- inflammation of the gums, Our correspondent strongly advises that people subject to toothache should keep a few pounds of ammonia in a jar always in their houses, the writer remarking that in* bulk the article is not expensive. To an exchange paper some one communicated the following, recommending the same remedy, with a different form of application:—" If any of our readers suffer from toothache, or neuralgic affections arising from teeth in any state of decay, they may experience relief instantaneous and perma nent by saturating a small bit of clean cotton or wool with a strong solution of ammonia, and applying it immediately to the affected tooth. The pleasing contrast instantaneously produced sometimes causes a fit of laughter, although a moment before extreme suffering and anguish prevailed. I have used the remedy for over one year, and have obtained sufficient proof to warrant publication." 