A WHISPER TO GENTLEMEN. FANNY FERN. JUPITER AMMON ! Don't I wish I was a man! just to show the masculines how to play their part in the world a little better ! In the first place there ain't a mother's son of you that has got as far as A B C in the art of making love (and I've seen a few abortions in that way my self, as well as the rest of the aistera). What woman wants to be told that " her feet and eyes are pretty," or " her form and smile bewitch ing ?" Just as if she didn't know all her fine points as soon as Bhe is tall enough to peep into a lookipg-glasß. No, you ineffable donkey, if you muat use the small coin of flattery to pat toll at the bridge of her affections, let me whisper a secret in your long ears. Compliment her upon some mental attraction ahe doea not poaseas (if you can find one!) and don't wear the kneea of your pet pants thread bare at her feet, trying to make her believe she is your "first love." We all know that is among the things that were, after you are out of jackets and trousers. What a splendiferous husband I (Fanny) should make, to be sure, had Providence bo or dained it! Do you suppose that when the mother of my glorious boys wanted a sixpence to buy their shoe-strings, I'd scowl at her like a hyena, and pull my portmonnaie out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth? Do you suppose, when her blue eyes grew lustreless, and the rose paled on her fair cheek, trotting round the domestic tread-mill day after day, that I'd come home at night sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in her face till her eyes were as red as rabbits' ? or take myself off to a club or a game at nine pins, or any other game, and leave her to the exhiliarating relaxation of darning my stockings ? Do you suppose that I'd trot along like a loose pony at her side, in the street, and leave her to keep up with me or not, as her strength would permit ? Do you suppose I'd fly into a passion and utter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offering her a healing plaster in the shape of a new bonnet ? And don't you suppose, when the anniversary of our wedding-day came round, I'd write a dainty little note, and leave it on her toilet-table, to let her know I was still a married lover ? i shaw! lam sick of you all! You don't deserve the love of a generous, high-BOuled woman. If you want a houaekeeper, hire one, and be done with it. If you want a wife—— but you don't. One woman will answer just aa well as another to sew on jour buttons,and straps, and strings, and make your puddings, and—so on and bo forth. Do you suppose we have cultivated our minds and improved the bright and glorious gift of intel lect to the best of our capacity, to minister only to your physical wants ? Notabitofit! When that's over we want something rational. Do you ever think of that, you selfish wretch ? when you stretch your legs right across the fireplace, read ing the newspaper all toyouraelf? or sit from tea-time till 10 o'clock, staring the ashes of the grate out of countenance ? Lord Harry! if I had Buch a block of a husband, I'd scare up the ghost of a lover some where, if there's any wit in woman! It is said that there is a household in Marys* ville where five generations sleep under a single roof. If they keep coming, the oldest genera tion of all will soon have reason to be thankful if he is even permitted to sleep on the roof. 