V/BKISBANE.- ' : (ode old oobbgsfondbnt.) I witiTB undor tho impression that at tho present time tho views of a tolbr'ably old stager in political masters may not bo without somo usa to you. Whether tho conclusions arrived at are correct or not, I think that you muy roly npon the facts. \- -You are fumilmr of 'course with the result of all the political movoinoots so far, but it is possible that you may not bo quito so with tho causes which hare tod to them. That tlioro has been a very decent amount of log-rolling your own porception is quito keen enough to havo disoovered, -but the oxaut form is not so readily apparent oven to the oyos of tho Abqus. I leavo tho firosent — or rather tho last — exposition of tho great iboral views, on one side. I never yot saw ono of the'ui that was not either thrown away in a wock for another more or loss liboral than itself, or that was not dofcotira or inconsistent in dotail. Tho ghost of protection to nativo industry poems to have ho. n exor. < cisod on this occasion. Mr. King's freo- trado ten dcnelcs would hardly be at accord with the high pro tcction gallop of men like Atkin nnd Groom. Of courso, as thoy wour thoir political garments for the nonce, wo nocd not bo surprised by any ehango in color or sltnpo. But really, except as shotting tlioir dexterity with tho cups and bulls, tho fact is not worth much roferonco. I come to their railway policy. No JHht Atkin, in wanting.to mora for £750,000 for thrMftibano and .Expedition Bango lines, thought he was truing some thing, but you see Lilley out- mnnccuvrod him by going in-fur a million, and adding t! o lino to Boron. If you look at. tlio terms of tho notice paper you will see that tho extension to Expedition Bnngo is tho last in ordor. Tho adhesion of M'lltrruith nnd Mtlo< to tho great liberals, led by Lilloy, could not bo got without tho Boma lino wus put in a secure position Do you sup pose for a moment tliat two squatters woulJ go in for a orusado against their own body without an " cquiva lout" ? this equivalent being a railway which would so enhance the valuo of their properties as to enable tlicm to soil out at no small p'ofit. Do you further suppuso tlmt if your Northern momborp liu'tl mado tho question of llinir supporting a lii.o to Brisbnno depen dent upon tho granting that to Expedition Range, . they would not havo secured tho adhesion of all tho Opposition hit Miles and M'lhtiraiih ? The fact is, that the Boma line and tho Northern wcro two and two — that for tho Opposition purposes it was neces sary if possiblo to get both two s, and that your Northorn mcmbors havo Baddlod thenisr.'/1 s with a oompnct't.o stand by tho Southern lines wi'li ut boing able to ndvanco your Norlliorn ones by a 8' "lo step. And thoy liavo done worso. You know . .iOt any gonoral loan lor public works was condomnolAtSy your electors until somo justice had been dono to them. Now here Fyfo and M'Dovitt vote for a general loan. "When that general loan is expended how much will you get of it P Soo thoso .figuros, assuming tho two oountry lines to cost tho sairio sum por milo South— Brisbano lino ... ... £150,000 Boma „ 604,000 ..... . £664,000 .i Northr-Expedition. Bango ... ; £210,000 'i:'- £210,000' Thus of an addition to our dobt of £664!000, for which you would bo practically responsible to the publio creditor, ' you got: tho boneflt of not quito one-fourth. Is this what you send your Norlliorn representatives for? Arc. you alhmad?; ; ; I say practically responsible, for look you, until legislative : sanction - lias been got to soma financial separation — legislative sanction which tho publio era ditor iB bound to t'ako notice of — ho will laugh, all your protests and -petitions to scorn. His contrsct will bo with tho colony of Queensland — nnd tho whole 'oblbriy "of QaeonBland'ihe'will look to-nltbough his advancos may have been spent on a square mils in a single corner. And this is what all your great agita tion, 'nnd' your romonstrancos, and your statement tables, nnd your petition to tlio Orown, and your Se paration ognntdome to? ' Notevon n moro suspension ;of'furthcr.,c)cbly but an aoluiil addition of morethan half a million to q debt wliioli don't benefit" you ono bit, but for which you will havo to pay nevertheleis. Fio, Mr. ABGUSi-I'm ashamed of-you. Wo don't want it'here. ;; We; would' bo quite content to pay for our own .railway, by ruto or tax, or what, ever . ame yoti may' bh'ooso to call it. Our member, par excellence, o ur political doctor, asserts that our lino would bo solf-support ing. I think that it would, or if not at present, ' would soon bocomo s t. What was there to hinder your, member saying, "Well, if that's tbo ease, mako tlio deficiency a uliargo upon jruui unu uiuti ivvoij Aim wwuiu . IIUU IIIIVU UWII .CUU cecded by the Opposition, and then tlio cloven foot would liave dropt'out. i But you see the question never was, put,, .Ainjt your representatives wiso in thoir own Bondrntion ?' ' ' ' 1 ' Would- not have been eonceded? No! nnd f,r this roason. Tho Boma carriago stopped tbq w-y that unhappy conception could find neither larifjjLo'eoplo to pay for it ' .It's orio of- tlio grand plans tii mcreajs future prosperity, pust.oxtrqynganco and presoutdebt dro nothing,' nor tho expenso oithor. Dim tho expenso, Buy our political Mantalinis. And so the Boma lino must bo paid for by a loan, and us a local 'tax' ior deficiencies would have involved a principle whoso eoneral application would hava shut tho a'oo.- upon Messrs: Miles, and Molllwrailh's pot; you sea you.woro to. be BnoriOco.d — loan nnd. pay, loan and pay! There are lands to bo Sold,' and if pnoplc won't buy them there are i he gold-fields. And then with ch t- rdet'oristje stupidity tho Opposition send the greatest part of Lite ineomc from them into the sea, 'imd it titers is a defloioiiby,' why credit is gbod nnd — Loan! Let '.-posterity pay.'dem posterity.;-. r .Oerrninly there was n yery Hibcrnirin generosity tn MoDcvitt. He said ho supported n lino to Expedi tion Bange, nlthouuh it- : would probably deprive Ins coast constit uonts of some of their export trade — good 1 I suppose ho also supported the Boma lino because it -might catuli o -good portion of what might othorwiso go to tlio Northorn railway. Hang ma if 1 don't admire this compensatory system of political partisan ship. I rob uiy own constituency to help you, but thou I, rob you to help, somebody elso. Admirable logio,- isn't) It?- ! O i j. Now, Scott's amendment did secure this, although | damaged !h>'. ray; riiind .by. /the. "'eynrlasting loan; it scoui'qd proforfnoo.to yjour own line. I don't say tho , prefei'dhca is'juBtifidbld! though -I" rather think, it loan is to be resorted -to, it is j but,- any way, ho did best for you. But then he.ltnB no political lucre in now; j ho lias no hopo ovon of tho Fost-ofiico, concerning . whioh .Fitz.niid Goro go opposite sides of tlio street, i and scorth'tlid cabs in mid-dav with their thon indig- h mint glare £ at each other. Tlio truthful stumpists hero siiy.Soott's committee is q farce. It rony be, but < it is going on, and tlio result will bo practical any how. 1 write you thisbecuuso it's as well you should know - something of the little game going on bora. As it progresses perhaps you will be none tbo worso for a . ! Jitt-la lurthor information. That is if you can get rid of tho idea of' a million mora debt; a fourth of winch ,.<r is to bo goncrously conceded to yon, if you will only givo somebody :elsoi tlio otlior, 'three-quarters to Bpend : for jjouo help to pay. , . 