A Ghost Detected. Foil some time past the miners working in the pits at Abersjchan and Cwmnantddcr, near Poutrpool, have been so terrified by subterranean noises and the stories of extraordinary 'sights' told by some, these phenomena being attributed to Buptrnatural agency, that the matter had assumed a very serious aspect;, ana me .cddw Vile company nave lost hundreds of pounds in consequence of the men positively refusing to work in these pits and seeking employment elsewhere. Beasocing with the miners on these matters was altogether useless. It was con sidered that some of the noises were of perfectly natural origin, and arose from the settling down of strata and bo forth, and as to others i suspicion arose that they were xnltully caused by some waggish or malicious persons employed in the pits. Mr. Joseph Green, the mineral agent, and Mr. Evan Jones, tho con tractor, set a close watch, and the result is that they caught tho ghost and brought hiin alive to l'ontypool police-court on Saturday. The ' ghost' turns out to be a tall, intelligent looking young man named John Harvoy, a haulier, in the employ ot Mr. Evan Joues. Tho singular nature of the matter caused the court to be crowded. Tha defendant was charged before the Rev. J. C. Llewellen and C. J. Parktf, l£sq, with wilfully misconducting himself in bin employ, on the 17th February. Mr. Greenway appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Gibbs, of port, for the defence. On the caEe being called on, Mr. Gibbs rose, and on behalf of his client, adiniited that on one decision ho did slam a door, and tendered an 'humble npology to tho Kbbw Valo Company and to Mr. Evan Jones, hoping that the case would not be piessed further. Mr. Greenway, on behalf of the^fcompany and Mr. Jones, accepted the apology, and asked the permission of the bench to withdraw tho case, but at tho same time he stated that, if one of the daors bad been left open, gas might have accumulated, and the lives of nil in the pit sacrificed. The bench allowed the case to be withdrawn, hut lectured tbe deferdant on his con duct, arid ordered him to pay costs. 