JAMES' LUSTRE LINE OE PONTIEES, No. V. . Leo I. came upon the scene a.d. 440. Witli the spirit of a pope born in hiin this " Lion " did not need to be told that "he was raised to. a position where, his power could be felt, and where he could exercise his talents to the advantage of tue unurcn ; nis own ooiti spirit lea nim forward, and his undoubted ability made him, as in fact the fnst assertor of the Papal supremacy from the words "Thou art Peter," tlie " Great " fabricator of the Papal power. Our James of Maitland doubtless will rejoice in Leo' 1; and 'truly he shed lustre on the Church in his lofty, priestly, and Popish demands of absolute submission of all sees and bishops to the Romish see. For example, "vvhen Hilary and Celidon quarrelled, and the former suspended, by the consent of a council, the latter, Celidon appealed to Leo, and getting the start of his enemy Hilary, and arriving first at Rome, he so prejudiced Leo in his favour that wh en Hilary seemed resolved to question Leo's ' conduct, the haughty man thus taught allbishoxiiitb bow "with submission to the Romish see.— "He who dares," says, he, "to disjiute the Primacy of Peter will find himself wholly unable to lessen that , dignity ; but ptift'ed up by the si>irit of . his own power he "\vill lilunge himself deep into hell !" Circum stances wondrously favoured the lofty claims of Leo The disputes -iVhich occurred in the . Eastj which led to the Council at Ephesus, called the " Council of Robbers," all favoured the loug headed "Leo, who mixed with disxnites only when he saw his way to advantage ; and, apxibails which were made to him .he always seized as the means of advancing the siqiremacy of the Roman see. By flattering the ".Emperor — by condemning the weak — by judicious silence, by favouring the strong Leo made his iiower known, so that during his long reign of twenty-one years he did more for tlie future grandeur of the Papacy than did all his xiredeccssors. jAMESof Mait-. huid Avill jirobably glory in the "lustre" of Leo I, because that Pope did so much to save tlie city from the ravages of Genseric and his army Vandals and Moors ; but we think that he has reason to glory in some thing far more important which Leo did. The custom had been that penitents should undergo public admonition, and perform public acts of repentance ; but Leo established the jiractice of prhoate confession to the Priest alone ; and tliis was really the foundation stone of the Papal power ; this is the source of revenue and power to J AMES' of Maitland and all other Romish Bishops ; for if private confession is done away, by which wills and fortunes were and are so wonderfully manipulated, where would be all the untold wealth of the Church by which her qiower and grandeur have been maintained? . Hihu'ius I A.D., 461 who, as a deacoiij had rexn-esented Leo at the Council of Robbens, at Ephesus, became Pojie. He made an admission which James of Mait land cannot think very lustre-giving to the Ilbman See, and which Pius IX, and all his creatures would emxihatically deny, viz., "that his ecclesiastical authority was grounded on the decrees, of Christian Em perors for the Imxierial sanction was needed to sanction the edicts of tlie Axios- tolic See. Like a Pope, lipwever, this sauie Hilary rebuked the Emperor Anthe- mius for. acting on prvncipUs of tolera- towards some of the remaining, cere monies and followers of the ancient Pagan religion ! It did liob suit this Pope to tole rate anyreligion but thatwhiciiwas already hot the religion, of .CHrist, but the religion of a proud, luxurious, semi-political and semi-judaic priesthbod. This Hilary had cpiite aq'issioii. tor building oratories and Churches. Platinus, the, Romish histor ian, tells us that liis building of oratories was. .soinetliiug extraordinary. He dedi cated phe for exampie to "Saint Cross" and Xjiacod in; it, set in gold .and jewels, with a golden agnus upon a xhllar of onyx, some of the >vood of the true cro.ss ! These were the, most mei'itorions services of the Holy Poxie Hilary I . Poxie Simplicius, A.D. 408, followed thiswoi- sliipperof thewoodof the true cro.s.s, and ot St. Cross itself. During the reign of this Pope the "Western Empire fell, and Odpacer became King of Italy. But Simxilicius was more intent in con tending with Acacius, the Bishop of Constantuioxile, than in. anxiously regarding the change . and revolution in the Empire. Acacius was exxiecting that Rome wbuld decline with the fall of tha Western Einxiire, and Simxilicius was jealously watching the inovements of Acaci- us|in the New Rome, Constantinox>le ; and when Constantinoxile as.sumed the title, " Mother of all Christians and of the orthodox religion," Simxilicius of courae uttered his protest, zealous for the sux>re- macy of the Roman see ; and to subse quent proceedings of" Zeno the Eastern Emperor, tending to extend the of the Romish Acacius, Simplicius objected on no other principle than that worldly one which would fight and kill to have the pre eminence. The woi'ldly sxiirit manifest in the Pope, his jealousy, his hatred of rivals, his greed for Church aggiaiidisement, his intrigues — all these things which would make the reign of a king almost a disgrace, put religion out of the question, and are a standing reproach to the religion of Christ, tliat is, if Popery be Christianity. Two things "will show what kind of religion flourished , in the days of Simpli cius. In those days Simeon Stylites, a madman who stood upon a. pillar for three days motionless in xirayer, was esteemed a saint j another madman, of the same stamxi, Daniel, the hermit, istood iqion a pillar for sixteen years, was another saint; and a famous " Catholic lady," as Platinus calls her, Eudocia, " left her heretical husband on xhetence of a. xiilgriniage to Jerusalem, to perform a vow which she had made, and died rthrough the effects of the journey. If any man will say that such religion was the religion of C.luist, he will Xirove that he has" never read the scrip tures Such, profane superstition with a Christian name, attached to it — such gross superstition under the eye of Bishops claiming to be successors of St. Peter such degrading ignorance, sanctioned by Bishops fighting for x»"e-eminence in the so-called Christian Church— is certainly full of lustre for the Romish Church, and highly gratifying to the Bishop of Mait land. Another thing illustrative of the sort of religion which obtained in the days of. this Pope Simplicius, and which shows what Ls the natural XM'oduct of Popish training is this : iu the days of this Pope tlie body of the Prophet Elijah was found, iind also that of the Axiostle St. Barnabas ! Here is a stretch for Romish faith ! Elijah had lived and died more than 1200 years before. Yet, just at the time when old bones and rags began to be of use, the body of Elijah was discovered and identified all at once I This was the result of the so-called Roman Apostolic religion ! And although the scriptures say not a single word about the death and burial of St. Barnabas, yet still his body also wonderfully comes to view to enrich the church with a fre,sli treasury of merits in rags and bones and bits of wood ! What a lustre has fallen nxion die church of Jajies of Maitland from the miraculous discovery of graves and bodies ! But has the lustre proceeded from the rottenness of the graves, or from the .shining gold and silver whieh have come from the xjockets of deluded xeople into the pockets of the xiriests? When Pope Simxilicius died, a scene oc curred which will show the worldly and wretched character of Popery, as a reli gion of godline.ss and life. The clergy were assembled in Ss. Peter's. The Pre fect of Rome, acting in the imme and by the authority of the barbarian king Odoacer appeared amongst them, and de manded that ' no sedition or tumult .should occur in the election of the successor of the Pope. 27te election could not takeplace loithout the sanction of the harharianlmuj. As the protector of the church, therefore, against the clergy and their xiartizans, he proclaimed this edict — " That no one, under penalty of anathema, should alienate any farm, building, or ornament of the church ; that such alienation by any Bishop present or future, "was null and void I" Here is an instance of heathen ism and rude barbarian morality and jus tice, teaching the clergy of the Romish Church ! We shall go on with our sketch of the lustre line of Holy Por<os. EiuiA'rA.--r-In our last make the following correot'ions. Inleailer, " Poxhsh Nonsense," 4th p.ago, 4th column, 28th line from bottom, for "p7'int m. cxuostion," read, "pobit in question. Also, 5th xiage, 2nd column, 17th line, for "yno- unvMhii nf fln.ciTi- I'nn.rl rvF -flocl " Also, 5thp.age, 3th col., 5th line, for "xnimp o? race course," read, " jiump on race course." In leailer "Lustre line," 5th page, 3rd col., 7th line from the bottom, for " is crushing," read, " in crushing ;" and next line, for ''171 a fresh proof," read, "is a fresh proof." In leader, "Poxc and Emmanuel," 6th page, 1st. col., 35tlv line, for " Bnita/idwifino," read, " Bruta fulmina." In correspondence to Bnlwark, "Protestant objections," xiagc 7th, 1st. objec tion, for " I think there is need," road, " I think tliero is 770 need." Our Vigorous Goversment. — Wo do not see much vigour in our present Government. The only evidence of its vigour is, that it will not be " dictated to. ' "While the whole country is indignant at the " resurrectionist cxxiloit " of the St. Mary's gentlemen, and demands that justice be done 'to the xniblic sense of wrong, the Government shelters itself behind its request that legal proof be givcii, and that some one be specially charged. The indignation has extended to the adjoining colonies, and the cry of shame comes to us from them ; yet the Government will not be "dictated to.'! The letter of Mr. Evans, last week, which denies the rumour which was very cunningly spread, for the pur pose of misleading and quieting the XJublic mind, to the effect that the body had been restored to its fonner resting place, shows that the priests arc laughing in their sleeves at the helxilessness and contemptibleness of the Protestant zeal when frcttmg and foaming against the laws and doings of the Church. The xiriests dare the Government to do its worst. They give no re- gaid to the public opinion. They know that "the Church" is built upon a "rock." No matter that the "rock" is the rook of inqiu- dence and tyranny, it mock at the silly and im potent rage of a few Protestants. They see that the Ministers have to mind their P's and Q's, and that votes in the House, and xiower outside must not be raslily cast away. And, meantime, the xiriests see the absolute indifference of the Romish laity. Not one of them dares agitate the question. The laity are absolutely cowed. Soine,of them grumble, some of them feel pained, some of them whisper that they are not content j but not one of them has the courage to sxieak out about the disgraceful deed, and so the priests, acting upon the policy of letting the storm blow by, bear quietly the xiublic rage and feel secure in the timidity of the Government ! The whole case is a scandal. We accuse the Government of moral cowardice. We charge the Law Officers of the Crown with shirkuig their duty. Captain Evans has not xiushedthe matter, as he ought to have done. E ad the case been ours ; had we had a friend whose remains had been so dis honoured/had we been a "Justice of the Peace," long ere this, we should have forced " the. Church," or forced the ground, and com pelled the Government to do justice. The story m Captain Evans's letter of the gravedigger rushing, with his bare feet, to shut the gate of the cemetery against him, and denying him ad- mission, is simply ludicrous — ludicrous as an instance of gravedigging zeal, .and ludicrous as an Instance of xiaticucc on the xiart of Mr. Evans, J. P. We should like to see the gr.avedigger who should exclude us from ground to which, as pro- prictors of a gmvc x>lot, wc had legal access ! Prob.ably, had Mr. Ev.aus forced his way into the cemetery, the Law Officers of the Crowa would have seen their way to a XJi'usecution cif/ainst him, and, xu'obably, they would have judged the act so wrong and injurious, as dese- cRitiou of holy ground, that they would have recommended the issue of a supersedeas ! The Protestants will remember this. Mil. Cowper's Public Dixxeu. — This public .affair came off on Monday evening last, with a comxiany of about 150 gentlemen. It was .a mixed compiiny. The Chief Justice who pro- .sided aclcnowlcdgod that ho had seriously differed from Mr. Cowpcr, but yet that as friends, they had alwaj'S retained I'ospect for each other' One sentiment which the Chief Justice uttered we can hc.artily endorse. Ho s.aid th.at hi private lif'ti Mr. Cowpcr bore an unblemished cliaracter. We have xilcasurc in be.aring witness to this. We have every confidence in the personal chiir.acter of Mr. Cowpor. Wc regret, however, that he lias not been very x>articular about the ch.aractor of tlioso witli whom he has .associated. Whether from love of case, or from indifference, or from cunning he has 7icccx)tc(l service from hands not very clean. His comp7itriots have not been like liimsclf ; and we deny that there is any ne cessity on the part of public men to sink moral distinction, and m.ake politics a game which may well enough be x>Iaycd with sweeps and pimps and vag.abonds as well as with mor.al men. Be this as it m.ay, tlio xiolitical career of Mr. Cowper is now over. Sir J. Miirtin has affirmed that he willnevcr again t.ake the lead in our xiublic .affairs ; and on this ground, his political enemies, as ivell as liis friends united to give eclat to the xmblic dinner. The sxiecch of the Chief Justice was very carefully proji.ared, and wisely eschewed all Xioints of debate. Sir James XJi'oposed to bury the axe. Dr. Lang hinted that his hopes of Mr. Cowper l.ay in his help to intending immigrants. And tlie eloquent Mr. Dalley, who has alw.ays belarded Mr. Cowxier with fulsome praises, felt that the less said about Mr. Cowpor the better, and so lie S7vid not a single "svord, and sxioke of the services of Sir Alfred Stephen ! If wo gather nothing from the speeches made, wc arc not left " in totiil neglect when wc survey the faces of the dinner gentlemen. On the right of the chair man, not f.ar from the "guest of the evening, sat the Revs. Father M'Carthy, and the 'Vicar- General. Who invited those two gontlomen 1 What did their xiresence intimate ? \v hat was their presence intended to signify to the faith ful at home and here ? Was it expressive of the confidence of "the Church" in the new Colonial Agout ? Was it ill approval of the "immigra- tion" whicliho might help ? Was it the Church's token of gratitude to the gentleman for the many services which ho has done, by which "the Church" has gained a pl.ace iu the colony of great importance and wciuth ? The puzzle wc submit 00 our intelligent readers that they may try their wits in endeavouring to discover the true meaning. We say that what ever the meaning, the Vic.ar-Gciieral had no- small amount of "Romish assurance to show his face in such an assembly, while lying under tne stigma ol Mr. Egan's affair. We wonder tliat the honor.ahle gentlomcL', who had boon so long the colleagues of the deceased Postmaster General, did not howl and hoot the Rov. Resur rection man out of the xilace. "Wliat would the ghost of the late minister have said had it seen the Vicai--General, who is accused of having dishonoured his remains and bouos, sitting drinking wine with Messrs. Cowper, Robertson, Foster. Sutherland, and Mr. Saul Samuel-'J These gentlemen pretended to respect the de ceased minister ; yet, as soon as his breath is out of his body, and his hones have been con signed to the grave with Popish lies and siqierstition, they stand by and see his bones dug up and dislionorcd by the order of the Vicar-General or others, and yet instead of- scorning the company of that Vicar-General, they receive him as a friend at their public board, and drunk wine with him as a 'jolly good fellow Hero Mr. Cowper lost a grand chance of leaving the colony with honour for manliness and courage. Had he risen at the- head of the tahleand said, "Gentlemen, there is. one request I have to make, and I must insist upon, havhig it granted, else I cannot remiuu at this table. From the respect which I bear to the memory and friendship of the late Postmaster General, I must request that the miin who is accused to the public of having dislionoured his grave — I mean" the Vicar- Geueral of the Romish Church — shall leave this i-ooin, as it is impossible I can bear company with him until he shall he purged of the scandal of so gross an oft'enee !" Had Mr. Cowpor spoken thus he would have made a speech whieh would have been remem bered /o?- ever, and he would have left the colony with tlie respect of not only Protestants who have rather troubled Iiim, but of the vast majority of Roman Catholic people who have; always respected him. But alas ! Mr. Cowper with his usual sinalliiess, had no such virtue in him, and his smile to the Vicar was just as gracious as to Dr. Lang. Tue Hox. Thomas Holt's Passion. — Wc were rather amused than otherwise at the violent passion of the Hun. Thomas Holt at the Infirmary meeting last week. It was so fanny to see the wild gcstieulatious of the honourable gentleman, and yet, from the apxjlause (ironical) not one word could be heard of his wouderous oloqueuce. It was clear that he took exception to the Rev. Dr. McGibbon, designating the In- fiimary Committee, which had pretended to deal with the Miss Osborne affair, as a "Star Cham ber Committee." He coukljnot stand such an im- Xiutatiou. But what did lie know of the matter? Ho knew nothing hut what he had learned fromth/i'ei'aZd, and thexiarticscouccmed. As to themeritsofthecasethegentlemahwasxirofoundly ignorant ; and as to what constitutes a "Star- Chambor" he is equally ignorant. But the pub lic has apxjroved of the designation. "When a body of men who aie really the accused take in hand the work of judging ; when they exclude the accuser from their meetings j when they Gxamino witnesses with closed doors ; Avheu they put witnesses upon their honour to tell whether or not they have given information out side and when they luahe their report public, refuting the charges, without waiting for its adoption by the 'hoard' aijpointing them, what, we ash, could a Star-G.hamber do more, in violation of every principle of British justice ? Yet the absurdly passionate Mr. Holt, Avhen he hears the terras, boiling wdth zeal for his friends, stands up and makes, a laughing-stock of hiin- _ self, and gets silenced with ignominy for his im- and pains. We h.ave no doubt Mr. Holt will always remember Dr. McGibbon. We have no doubt lie h.as.not.forgotteii the Rev. Dr's. critique of liis " visit to Rome." ' His ig-- nor.ance, superstition, simplicity, .and . gi-e.at littleness, in visiting Rome, seeing the wondrous sights tliere, and getting the Pope's blessuig, was eliectually exposed, by tlie Dr.,' about three, years .ago,; the Hoii. Gehtlemau was so reduced , by the exposure that he never ventured to fiilfil his promise to repeat his leoture'V 'aijd the recollection of this was doubtless "displayed at the Infirmary jSIeeting. Be tliis as it may,- the Hon. Gentleman Inis agam come off second best. Nor is it likely that his imssionate eloquence Avill ever mend matters ; the blessing bf the Pope, has not made him wise. "We suggest that he take another pilgrimage, and that he t.ake the " Lady Superior" Avith hihi, and the .aforesaid Com mittee. .Thk Ixt'iraluiy Elbctiox.— On the 2Sth of this month, the supporter's'pf the Infirmary will be .asked to elect the Hon. Surgeon of the Insti tution, the Hon. Physiohui, aiul the Managing Committee. 'Vj'e hope, they aauU dp their dxity well. Mr. Roberts, Avlio has enjoyed the patron age and privilege of the position ,of Hon. Surgeon for IG j'cars past, Avants to monopolize the position longer., He thinks,he has a. claim, because of his IG year's seiwice j . but if he Avcre elected again for four, (4) ye.ars'ldngei", Avouldnot' his clairn bo stronger at the end of 20,ye.ar's ser vice ? and then, of course, his claim would bo perpetual, and the ofiice his for life. The absurd, argument by Avhicli this' is asked is this -rthat length of sorA'ice gives experience.., .That is true up to a certain x>omt ; but if thisargument is:to. preA'ail ahv.ays, Aidien is a mail to .be prepared to succeed: the greatly experienced Mi".; Alfred Robeits ?:, Another thing : is to be npticed.. Those Avho supjiort M''- Roberts try to, suggest to the subscribers, that there iM-easontofearthat , the surgical operations of the . Infirmary will be imperfectly done, if he. be not elected ; because of his experience, .and- digitalic expert- ness. But Avhat became of the institution w/tew Mr. Boher Is was first appointed.'? "We haA'e never heard th.at the institution suffered .ninch Avhen he, then inexperienced, .-was appointed, sixteen years ago. If no injury was sustained t/teji, Avhy should there be dread of injui-y iioAV ? "iVheii Mr. Roberts Avas appoihted "lie Avas inexirerienced- enough ; and to, say that -Dr. Portescue is not' now more exiper'enced.thaii lie Avas then, is simply to allege Avhat c.an easily be .proved fo.be per-, fectly false. We, hope Mi\ Roberts Avill be honom-ed Avith the title of .C6nsiilf;in, SAirgeoi, . and so laid aside, in Avhieh case tlie institution Avill alAV.ays have the benefit of: liid. great expe rience. He has done a great, deal more in the institution for some, years jpast than pcrfonn ,snr- (lical operations. He has made it a soit of hobby for experimenting and theorizing. The beds he has kept empty Avhen ordinary o.ases might have occupied them, Av.aitiiig for " interesting cases. " And the same Mr. Roberts has doiienot a little, witli small officiousness, in the Miss Osboine affair. So ijoking has he been and intermeddling in that small Av.ay, Avhich does not proA'e large add grasping experience, that the imnates have had their ..fun :off him,, as Miss Rohcrts. As for the election of the :neAV members': of committee, it will be a great mistake: on the iiait of the subscribers if this be neglected. The members Avhoni, the committee liroposed were those . Avho, by reason of their in attention during the jiast year Had lost their place; yet, because of the sti-ong. sjiirit of cliquism, they are .proposed for re-election, Avhile the admission of neAV blood is strenuously ob jected to. We hojie the public Avill see that new blood is required on the Infirm.ary.Boiird. Every thing has been Avorked hitherto by means of cliques. The noAV members proposed Avould be of the utmost consequence in changing and re forming the management of the institution. At any rjite, the public who have been disgusted by the late confusion and mismanagement of the lin.vA iimv n -hrt nl-fcov "fcliiiitra. n.n<1 if they Avill not take adv.antage of the chance to give their votes for the amendment, the result of Hieif indifference is quite obvious. Mr. J. E. Manning and Mn. R.avhael. — Referring to the .above, Ave nnderst.and that, at a meeting of the Infirmary Board during the Aveek, Mr. Jn E. Manning brought the charge of ".tampering Avith the minutes" before the gentle men present. Tiie plea Avas ad misericordiam, that such a charge might damage Mr. Manning's prospects, and exclude him from any position in business Avhich might be offered to him here after. Wo understand that Mr. R.aiihacl ex pressed his Avillingness to accej>t a diluted form of the charge, Avhich meant- that Mr. Manning had " concocted minutes to serve his OAvn ends but as not bemg willing to injure Mr. Manning outside the institution, he has, we belieA'e, with- drjiAvn the ch.arge of "tampering Avith the minutes," and, Ave understand that this fact will he pnhlislied, with some other communica tions, as an electioneering manceuATe to uxjset the election of the gentleman put into opposition to him. We forewarn the public of this manceuArring. As Mr. Manning belongs to a certainparty the Avhole interest of that p.arty -will be brought to be.ar to secure his reelection. "We trust that their efforts Avill be in a'ain. Mr. Raphael's AvithdraAving of his change for the 'reasons given, and as explained hy himself, is of ;no consequence. The public Avill quite appre ciate .and understand this ; but to make tms a fulcrum to secure the re- election of Mr. J. E. Manning, Avill shoAV the public the need for great SAveeping reform in the "Sydney Infirmary, We arc quite clear in assert- "irig that it is the duty of the puplic to give Mr. -Manning leave of absence. Mr. M. H. Stephens may demand specific reasons, and he may talk about British pluck in demanding such reasons ; but a laAvyer is not ahv.ays to be trnstcd Avhen he decoys nnAvary souls to make st.atements Avhich Avonld be libellous. It is enough that Mr. M.an- ning h.as been of immense soi-A'ice to the clique andthcMiss Osborn defenders to secure hisrejec- tion, and AA'e sincerely hoiic that the public Avill do their duty in this matter, notAvithstanding the testimonials .and other neAvsxingcr dodges to which the clique may resort to retain him in the scrAuce of the Institution. Frii:,stly Infeuencr at Election.s. — The telegram Avhich comes from Slclbourne, to the effect that Roman Catholic people throughout the country are compelled to vote as bidden by their xn-iest, to defeat the Public Education Bill, Avhich the Government is Avishing to bring in, is a fine proof of the politic.al inliuence of priests at elections. It is only one of the innn- merable proofs aa-IuoIi haA-e been given in these cblonies recently, that the A'otes Avhich have .been, kitrnstcd to Roman Catholics peoxile .are only so much xjolitical jJOAver uxion Avhich thc.xn-iests can Avork'.. Tho Roinan C.atholic peoiffc dare not exercise a free vote. It Avoukl be rebellion ag.ainst the Church Avcre they to a'ote otherwise ihan as their priests tell them. They may deny that they arc. under the absolute dmection ofthe. priests, but their denials .are their coimction and shame. Tlicy iire bound to do as the church iells them ; and, therefore, it is the greatest folly in the- Avorld for Protestant candidates to appeal , to Romanist l.aymen. It is the greatest folly, for a Protestant legislature to suxixmse that any question Avhich .affects the church Avillbe settled by .an ajjpeal to Catholic xmoxffe. In .all such xn'ocedure one unseen j)oaa'er is left out of account ; it is noA'cr. considered that the peoxile haA'e no voice and no mind aa'hatever but aa'hat the priests .arc pleased to alloAv them, Only when Protest.ant xieoxile, and Protestant Skates- men come to see that the Romish.Iaymen are the_ catsxiaAVS- of the xiriests, and that the A'otes which thcj' xossess are the mere m.ateri.als on which the xu'iests Avork-T-only then , Avill the dangerous h.ature ofthc Romish conspiracy be rriiderstood, and the utter imxiossibility of cb- qxierating Avith Romanists in the Avorkmg' of our constitution. The fact becomes more xlsiin pyery day that Romanists .are not British sub jects. They are liot true colonists, oil tlie same tei-ms as Protestant colonists. They are subjects M the church— they arc serv.ants of .thepiriests- they avo colonists of the Pope and,. aa'ithput.' |llpnght, Avitho-iit indexiendence, Avithout free dom, Avithout reason, bj' the mere force'bf autho rity and xiriestly xjoaa'er, they Avill a'ote for this, or opxiose that, as degraded, unaocouutable and- UTesxJonsibler, m.achines;? AVe hope the-yicto- riaii Protestants AA'ill aAvake .to the true, nature of the question' 'before" theml Ye lioxie they will see the stringa'-u'hich are 'xniUed - "behind the scenes ; and that, as qiriestly hands 'are iiitbr- meddling Arith the elections, they aauII rise, to ,the .occasion and siqiport. the Government.:, . : , . ,! Bl'asi'HEaiy and Eei.ic!iou.s Lid'erty..— We perceive by an advertisement, Ai'hich asks 'all Eree- thinkerstosendmoneytotheRevl Mr. Pillars tohelx>thcleg.aldefenceof oneoftheEree-thinking- fr.aternity Avlio has got into trouble, that a kind bPinartyrdom is about to be claimed for" tlie jJnitarians. It axipears that Mr. . X'illars h.as raised the cry of " Religious xiersecution," be cause one of his corresxjondents has been put upon his trial at Parrainatta for.|"blasx)hemy." We do not wish to meddle Avith thc case until it has been properly tried and evidence produced : jvAOj only , notice th.at the 'Eree- thinkcrs, Avlio peyer think it Avrong to prejudge anything Avhicli affects their; so-called; Free religion; enquiry,'" haA'o x>i'actically, interfered Avith; the .'course of gnstiee by their, advertisement, ax'hich assumes .that religious xiersecution has been committed. The advertisement is an axipcal to"'.the friends of ' religious.; liberty ." — of. free- enqiAiry:'; and liberty: of speech but why raise a Rind to' 'defend a man .AA'ho has been committed 'to take liis (trial- for blasphemy," or something of that .sort, unless by prejudging th.at it is no offence Avhich the man has committed ? Surely it Avould be time enough a/fcr the trial, if the case be seen to be one of xJersecutioii, to r.aise funds to; indemnify him .and release liim. It is contr.ary to laAV f or, a m.an to spe.ak blasxihemy, and. to re vile the Scriptures in public. There isa hmit to "free speech" in slandering the Scriptures. Public mor.als demand th.at men shall not be alloAved to speak of the Scrixitures, arid.of the ; names Avhich are therein held in public hoiior, AAuth contumely and blasphemous (reproach. , If this Evee-thinker Avhom the Rev. Mi\ Pillars : takes under his Aving, .has been: guilt.y .of this offence, let it be xiroved by e\'idenco ; if not, let him be defended and indemnified. But to raise a hue imd cry of "Religious persecution " before hand, and raise money beforehand, -and insinuate, that "liberty " is in danger beforehandT— .all this looks very like; raising a false issue. Suxipose the man has been guilty of blasxihemy, and has reviled religion to the injury of public morals, would Mr. Pillars defend him? And Avhat would he do or say, after having r.aised money to defend him, if he found that the blasihcmy Avas well established ? AVe xmt the case hypothetically, and protest .against this greedy catching at the gloiy of Martyrdom, and this cool assumption of " Free- thinking " and " religious liberty .as the peculiar xirerogiitive of men Avlioso freedom con sists in denying everything, and in turning the iScriptnres into a book of fables. Tiis Head of the ExaLisii Church.— We do not know what the exclusive. Ritualistic; Axiostolic succession men of the Church" of England Avdl say to the folloAving ; but Ave think the evangelical members Avill rejoice Avith us in the Queen's good .sense and liberality. We can imagine hoAV Canon "Vidal Avill be alarmed and hurt to knoAV th.at the Queen Avorships, Avhile in Scotland, in the Presbyterian Church, and takes the sacrament there as the Scottish people do, .siiriay and not Imeeling ! .He must me greatly shocked that the "Head of his Church" thus countenances Presbytery, But Avhatever Canon "Vidal and other antiquated and semi-Pox)ish peo ple may say about it, Ave believe th.at the fact will yet have a most salut.aiy influence upon the truly Protestant and liberal members of the English and Scottish Churches. If their Churches Avould act in everything as the Queen has acted, shoAving them an examxile — if they Avould recognise each other as equally, although differing in form, scrixitural in their doctrine ; if they Avould agree to scorn the figment of Axiostolic succession, and recognise, as .at tho Reformation it Avas done,, the true and scrixitnral ch.ar.acter of e.-ich .as belicA'ing the true doctrines of tho scrixiturcs, Avhat a mighty xjo'wer aa'ould our Protestantism h.aA'e in all the three Idng- doms ! AVe rejoice in the kindly feeling sub sisting between the Irish and Presbyterian Churches : and Ave hoxie th.at the examxile of the Quecii Avill bring the churches of England and Scotland into a more friendly . relationship : — " AVe.read in an English journal of the IGth NoA'cmber, that her Majesty received the Holy Communion in the parish church of " Crathiebn Sund.ay last. Although the Queen regul.arly at tends the Presbyteiian .Avqrship AA'hcn in Scot land, AA'o Ijclieve she h.as not. hithei'to been ,a coinmunicant. .The Dundee Adnertiser says that hoi' M.ajesty sux)x>lied the sjlver service' , for the commuiiion, consisting of four cups, tAvp flagoiis, and tAVOAvaiters for the bread.'- " 