THE STAGE. w What there is to write of the stage at tbte period of the year is invariably a question. Managers, like the public, seem always to be economising their resources for the Christmas holidays, and hence not only are the performances of the " pot look" order, hut the audiences are; generally speak ing, but very small ; in fact, managers of places of amusement must always look forward to a certain, and frequently heavy, loss during the two or three weeks preceding the vacation. This year, this state of affairs is more pronounced than usual, for the attractions offered are almost devoid of all novelty, and the drama ib literally for the present unknown in Melbourne. At the Royal the Zavis- I towski trio have re- appeared for a week, and have been doing burlesque with their accustomed Vigour. The sisters have one merit at least — their public performances are always undertaken with a will, no matter whether the business in hand be the dancing of the "Shoo Fly," or parasolling a I Murphy. This week they have not drawn a I large amount to that " treasury" which Mr. The LATE EEV. GEORGE MACKIE. ffrom a photograph by fatersoh brothers, melbourne. 3 Coppin is so fond of parading before the public, and the manager of the premier establishment has probably been made acquainted with the fact that even burlesque, supported by his. favourite trio, cannot occupy the attention of the public, in a satisfactory manner, for many weeks together. What the next week is to bring forth at the Royal I don't know, but business will probably not settle down until the introduction of the pantomime. This it is rumoured is to be mounted in Mr. Hennings' very best style, and the scenic attractions are to embrace a panorama of scenes on the Great Pacific Railway in America, after the style of the well-known Galatea cruise panorama, introduced by Mr. Hennings into the " Siege of Troy." The scenic artist has not had many opportunities of distinguishing himself at the Royal of late; but Mr. Hennings never misses m airing his mark at Christmas time. If the manager's company were only as good as his artist there would be no cause for complaint. The boards at the Princess' are still occupied by Taylor and Bird's circus company, who have been doing a fair business, but not such as will make a fortune for anyone connected with it. Circus performances are amusing for children when cleverly done, and those at the Princess' are really clever, bat still entertainments of this class never take well in theatres. The company is, however, billed for the holidays, and will probably do very well then. Mr. Enderby Jaokeon's comique company has been playing at St. George's-hall during the week, and has served to relieve the present theatrical monotony by provoking no small amount of .controversy as to the merits or de merits of thiB particular class of entertainment. One fact, however, is patent to All who have witnessed the performances' ef the company, and that is the undoubted ability of Mr. Harry Rickards. This gentleman is, without exception, the most talented artiste in his line that we have yet witnessed in the colonies. Hitherto our ex perience opthe popular London entertainment of ?thk day has been. euppUed .by Mr. Barry O'Heil, who introduced a novelty to Melbourne, and made a reputation fori himself, just as the Phoenix might ' be accredited with being the finest bird of its species — because it was the only one. Mr. Rickards . is immeasurably superior to his forerunner, and I must own that he has to some extent supplied me with reason for modifying my opinion as to the line of art he , eseays. As Mr. Riokards presents them to us, these enter tainments contain a good deal, of gro tesque humour. They are not the absurd unmeaning burlesques we have been apt to regard them. Miss Garry Rickards is an admirable resistant, but of the other two members of the company the least said the better. Miss Lizzie Watson's exertions are of an Amazonian order, font are too meaningless to be provocative of any excessive amusement, excepting in the gallery, while Mr. Ramsden is a gentleman who seems anxious, figuratively, to throw a wet blanket over the audience — and succeeds. Still Mr. and Minn RickardB are capable of supplying an entertainment unaided by other talent, and it i« not surprising that the hall has been well filled every evening. The question of whether these music-hall concerts, if I may be allowed the term, are such re should be presented to audiences who do not go to ordinary music-halls, has been dis cussed energetically on every side, by excited partisans and opponents. After calmly consider ing the matter it is my firm.conviction that unless otherwise considered they are not objectionable. In other words, the thing is so purely a matter of personal opinion that it is simply absurd for any one to set his belief against that of his neigh bour. This evening Miss Rosa Cooper (Mrs. Lionel Harding) will appear at the Polytechnic -halL for a short season, during which she will introduce, for the first time to the Melbourne public, her original entertainment entitled " Matrimony.'' Mies Cooper (who is assisted by Mr. Lionel Harding) will be remembered as a very clever young actress, who appeared in Melbourne and the provinces some years since, and made herself a popular favourite. Since . then she has been to England, where her present entertainment — b? me thing after the style of that pre sented by Mr. and Mrs. George Case- was written for herj but latterly she has been playing in Queensland. The entertainment is well spoken of by the leading London and colonial Press. The Australian Bellringera (Lynch family) have lately returned from a successful trip through Hew South Wales and Queensland. They have greatly improved their entertainment by the introduction of variety and the>attainment of per fection in the leading feature. I believe that it' is their intention shortly to appear in Melbourne.' Mr. MOrtoin Tavares, after a successful and lengthy season in Sydney, where he was received with the ntmost enthusiasm, mid made himself I quite a favourite, has left the Hew South pities metropolis for a tour in the up-country districts. It is stated to be his intention to give a series of readings at the principal provincial towns, and he < is accompanied by MiBS Surfcees. He first appears at Gulgong. Tbe Cagli opera troupe have been doing well at Auckland. In a recent paper I notice a letter from Signor Cagli in answer to some remarks of j a local critic, who complained of " La Sonnam- bula" being imperfectly presented. The principal ground of the complaint was that the overture had been omitted, and Signor Cagli pertinently remarks that it is impossible for him to summon the ghost of Bellini to finish what he neglected to do before leaving this world. Probably Mr. Tyerman or Mr. Terry might assist him in getting the defunct composer to supply the omitted over ture to the opera. Mr. Walter Cooper has been to Sandhurst, where he has had a company playing his sensation drama, " Foiled," but with very limited sucoeBB. ! Mr. Cooper addressed the audienee on the occasion j of his benefit, and made capital ont of Mr. Higin- j botham's recent remarks at the Caxton lecture anent sordid literary men. The glory of writing for nothing, unless it be a loss, at Sandhurst, has been experienced by Mr. Cooper, and he rather likes it, he Bays. Probably he speaks " ironically," re Artemus Ward would observe. Mr. Lystor's English Opera Company is play ing at Hobart Town, and, according to all accounts, has had a successful season. Mr. Lyster has entered into an engagement with Mr. C. L. Pringle, a young baritone, a native of Tasmania, who made his first appearance as an amateur in opera in Hobart Town, where he is well spoken of. Sandhurst is to have its pantomime this year, and the local papers assert that " Sindbad the Sailor " is to be produced in a manner that will " eclipse anything of the kind ever produced in Sandhurst, for gorgeous scenery, dresses, proces sions, and music." The ZavietowBki sisters having terminated their engagement with Mr. Coppin, have no intention at present of departing " never to return for they are to play in this "gorgeous" pantomime, with the " gorgeous" mnsio. I under stand that Mr. R. S my the is to undertake the management for the fair trio. P API AS. The Melbourne German Liedertefel gave one 1 of their delightful entertainments on Monday, at Weber's (late Hockin's) assembly rooms. The I chief attraction of the evening was the piano- 1 forte playing of MiBS Madeline Schiller, an artiste 1 whose like has not been heard in Melbourne. | Miss Schiller played Chopin's grand polonaise in I E flat, and the Tannhauser mavch arranged by i Liszt. Both pieces served to establish Miss j Schiller's talents sb a pianiste. Her . execution is 1 admirable, her conception brilliant, while the feel ing expressed, and especially in the piano passages, is suoh sb to completely entrance the audience. After each piece Miss Schiller was vociferously applauded, and, as an encore, played the " Galop de Concert" in a manner that excite wonder and admiration. The band of the Liedertafel per formed the overtures to " Don Juan " and " Der Freischutz," and the chorus gave several part songs, the most successful of which was " Fare well, sweet May," composed by Herr Elsasser. Tho evening's amusement was further supple mented by a ball, dancing being kept up witfr spirit until an early hour 