LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. JOHN'S VICARAGE. THE cercmony of laying the foundation stone of Saint John's Vicarage, was performed on Thursday afternoon, by W. j. Watson, Esq., .F. P., acting as deputy for Mrs. James Watson. About the time appointed, 2 o'clock, a precession was formed in the school ground, the school children with banners leading the way; next in order were the Vicarage Committee, -and after them came, the clergymen, the Revs. H. S. Seaborn, J. Dark, £. Gwynne, and V. B. Seaborn, fhe Yen. Archdeacon Lillingston and Mr. W. J. Watson followed last in order. Upon arriving at the stone the Bev. F. R. Seaborn read from Psalm XC. ver. 1, 16, and 17. and Psalm CXXVII, ver. 1. The 1st and 2nd verses of the 210 Hymn were then sung, after which the Bev. F. B. Seaborn offered up an appropriate prayer. Bev. F. B. SEABOEN was the first to address the assemblage. He said, as the incumbent of the district it devolved upon him to speak, but be would not detain them long, as there was an appearance of rain, and other atad abler .speakers, were to follow. For some yean the late incumbent. the Bev. W. fit. Pownall, had, at some inconvenience,-' livedin a : . hired house, and that had since been occupied by himself. The idea of building's vicarage had often been thrown out, but nothing definite bad been done. Eighteen 'months ago tbe Bishop of the diocese visited Young, and it was resolved to hold a meeting for the purpose of seeing what could be done in the matter. This meeting was very successful. Sums amounting to about' .£400 were then promised, and since, by the holding of a bazaar, the sum required for the purpose—with the exception of about £80—had been raised. He should mention that £1S0 had^beeu promised by the firm of Watson Bros. He regretted that Mrs. James Watson, who was to perform the ceremony, was not present. Mr. W. J. Watson had, however, consented to represent that lady. Previously to£calfing upon Mr. W. J. Watson j to perform the duty, be would read a copy of the document which was, together 'with some coins, and copies of the Burrangong Argus and Toss Coarier, placed in a cavity under the, stone. The following is a copy of tbe document referred to:— SAINT JOHN'S VrCARAGE, YOUNG, Anno Domini, 1871. In the thirty-fifth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, \- Tne Bight Hon. Somerset Bicliard, Earl of Belmore, Oovernor-in-Chief of New South Wales, and Vice-Admiral of the same, - In the eighth year of the Episcopate of Mesac Thomas, D.D., first Lord Bishop of the j diocese of Goulburn, Frederick Bansom Seaborn, incumbent. This stone was laid in the name of the HOLT TB1NITT, by William John Watson, Esq., J.P., of this town, on behalf , of Mrs. James Watson, nn Thursday August 31st, 1871, in the presence • Archdeacon laMingrton, o^E^m,'• J-— Fredrick Hansom Seaborn, incumbent oFSt. John's, Young, - , Hugh Saunderson Seaborn, licensed, without cure, *'" Edward Gwynne, incumbent of Burrowa, Joseph Dark, incumbent of Grenfell, General Committee: G. O'M. Clarke, P.M., W. J. Watson, J.P., A. S. Freestone C. Marina, J. B. Combes, J.P., B. J. Bennett, Chas. Temple, J.P., T. R. Watt, J. B.'Edwards, T. J. M'Carthy, F. W. Gowlland, John Allen, Nicholas Penrose, Esquires. Secretary, F. R. Seaborn. Mr. Seaborn then presented the trowel and mallet to Mr. Watson, on behalf of Mrs. Jns. Watson. Mr. Watson, after" spreading tbe mortar, said as follows:—" On behalf of Mrs. James Watso'n, I lay this corner stone of Saint John's Vicarage, to the glory of God, and the benefit of His Church, in the name of the Father the Son and the Holy Ghost. Amen. The stone Was then lowered into its place, after which Mr. Watson struck it three times with the mallet, and pronounced it, in the name of the Holy Trinity, well and truly laid. Mr. WATSON then said it gave him great satisfaction to comply with the wishes of the committee, in acting as a substitute for Mrs. James .Watson, who was requested to lay the stone, but was prevented by circumstances from doing that which would have caused her great gratification. It was very pleasing to him to perform tbe ceremony when he considered that it was for the carrying out of a most important work, namely, the -erection of a suitable residence for the clergyman of the district. He trusted that the building wonld be completed to the satisfaction of the committee, and witbwt accident to the workmen, and that itfffight be a comfort to the minister, and be without a farthing of debt when completed. He hoped that thns, by the blessing .of God, a church,, schbel-beuse, and vicarage might be left*to future generations te *ut»etantial-mementos--of the piety and liberality of the present. The VXH. ABCHI&AJCOH; LILLIHCWTOH then addressed the meeting. He said he had great pleasure in being present at Young, and in being fean ago be bad been present at tbe aying of the foundation atone for the church, after tbat came the school, and now. the cul- mination was about to be reached by tbe erection of a minister's Tesidenee. He thought that by providing a good bouse they went far to secure a,good minister. If they found a good stable they generally found a good horse in it, and where a good stable was a good horse would be more likely to stop. After all there was a deal of hnman nature in parsons, and a good parson, if-he went to a town where there was a good 'parsonage;- and evei7thing comfortable, would be more likely to prefer living there than roughing it soinewhere else. He congratulated the people of Yonng that there was only £80 requiring to be Taised to finish the building, and there was no doubt tbat wonld be Taised tbat afternoon. If he went round to the people of Young with a subscription list in hand, no doubt they wonld tell him they were very poor, but still he thought they did remarkably well. Tbey 1 kept the stone rolling along somehow ; some- . ... time by a belp from a bishop, »nd 'Sow jJ»y-« shove ^tt tfj^»rirchdeaepjii ^ ^otild r^etit home. He rem>ti$|d> thw- the stone which had just beenUiia require some weight to "keep it down, and :be boped they wonld load it well with money, so tbat tbe storm which he could see coming iscross would not carry it away. MT. Watson bad laid the stone scientifically, and he hoped they would finish the work. He would not keep them any longer as there was a buster coming on, but he hoped they would do all they could. A number of contributions were laid upon the stone, after which, as a shower was coming down rather heavily, tb6 Doxology was sung, and the people separated. The following is a copy of the inscription to be engtaved upon the trowel: "Presented to Mrs. James Watson, on the occasion of her laying tbe corner stone of St. John's Vicarage, Young. August 31st, 1871." The mallet, which was the gift of the con twetw, was made by Mr. Thos. Brown, of this to^f; The' different sorts of wood, end a contrast of black ebony placed between each piece,,conve0rging to a point in the centre* Between the ebony there are four sorts ot wood ornamentally inlaid, making the number of pieces of wood in the face, twelve. The handle side is similarly finished, and the total nutnber of pieces-of wood in the mallet—which, with the'exception of the ebony, is all colonial—is forty-eight. THI FESTIVAL. was held in the schoolroom. The tables, by the plentiful and dainty way in which they were furnished, demonstrated to the liberality and good taste of tbe ladies and bachelors who provided them. A fter the feast was over, the room was arranged for the public meeting, and in a very short time was thronged. Bev. F. B. SBABOBN took the chair, and the Bev. Mr. DARK opened the proceedings with a short prayer, The CHAIRSIAS said it was with feelings of regret and joy that he rose to address them. Of regret, in the first place, because the Rev. Mr. Pownall was not present; that rev. gentleman had been invited, but had sent a telegram saying he could not come. Another source of regret was that Mrs. Jas. Watson was not present, and he was sure they felt deeply obliged to the gentleman who performed the ceremony. He spoke of the time when there was no church or echoolhouse, and how, mainly through the exertions of a lady whose name was as a household word among them, he alluded to Mrs. G. O'M. Clarke, the church had been built, and that the same principle of broad philantlirophy and benevolence had been exerted to get the school built. He spoke of the liberality of the firm which had promised £150 for the vicarage, and felt sure that the public would be pleased that a member.of that firm had laid the stone. He hoped the members of the Church of England in Young would not stnp until they got the building out of debt. Ha dreaded that it oliould Jje- Jia^'ntediJg-dfce «hpst" called •• Ue|ft,"»nd ^^pi^be^ woiild do all they could to exorcise the ghost with sovereigns. They wanted now only about £60 to pay the ghost;. it was a small sum, but without putting their shoulders, to the wheel they miglit find it hard to raise it 11 then called on Mr. ISXLAND, who said, they met ito the earlit r part of the day to witness a'ceremony, which, next to laying the foundation-otone of a church, was a most solemn one, and tliey were met that evening to help to discharge the debt upon the building. He once heard of a divine, who, in preaching a sermon, said, " Down with the diist,'' and be thought that was the best thing which he could say. Those who could give liberally, and had given, mit>bt give again, and those who could not give liberally might take pattern by himself, and give a little. He glanced at the antiquity and history of religion until the coming of Christ, when tbe Christian Era was ushered in, and the religion, identical with the Protestant religion, which they were met to honor, was established. It was not so much the ceremony of laying the foundation stone, or the taking, of a cup of tea, which should bring them together, as the desire'to do honour to God and His Church, and thai desire he hoped would always be uppermost in their minds. Ber. H. S. SBABOBN, in addressing the Chairman, said he bad much pleasure in calling him so. He was reluctant, at that period'of tbe meeting, to speak, for he saw a large body of divinity awaiting to address the meeting, but he had been called upon by his aon, and though it was reversing the command, " Children obey your parents," he supposed be must speak,. He was tbankfnl to see tbe present condition of the Church of England in Young. - He was -'on the Flatiwhen there was no Yojing. Nearly ten years ago be Mid k visit to see what could be idone towards building a eliareW- He preached 1 at ! flib tlmVin -a I6g church, with the coming ibrough the roof, and water on the, J|ftor of the pulpit, but he rejoicedjb ^^thejr^v^^ trMr Clarke tthTn Mrs. Wilkie), and of tbe interest she. bad taken inxhurch matters. ' Sis years, since be was present at laying the stobe of the. school, and a most enjoyable BeBSon it was among the " Flats." He (tbe speaker) was the bishop upon that occasion, and tbere was no archdeacon then. He hoped they wonld be blessed in tbe ministry of his son, and thBt he might be enabled to see the work finished. The house was not to be a parliament honse, or a poor bouse, or a prison house, or a public house, nor a presbytery, jn the senso of a bouse where Bingle men lived, but a parson's house, or vicarage, as it was called. He hoped the bonse would not be haunted when it was opened. He once was haunted by a ghost, in the shape of a debt of £800, which made him very nervous, and destroyed the disposition for stndy; such ghosts were bad things, and he elt that one so, and trusted there would be no sich ghost in the new honse. The great aim and end of everything should be to build up tbe Church of God, and he hoped, when they lad this buildiag ont of debt, that they would ot o forget „the claims of the Diocesan Church So-. adear®f#ood for' lem and'ihey owed to It the duty of .assisting places. 'Mr. W^J. WlTsoN Baid, it was a pleasure to^^ bim to appear before such a meeting, and upon such an occasion.' He feJMjteat pleasure in tbe dnty he had done that moining. because it was in connection with a Church be dearly loved. He thought with some of tbe former speakers, that the worst ghost which oonld haunt a clergyman in bis study was debt, and be thought it would be their duty to get clear of it as soon as they could. He had no doubt if tbey gave, " A long pull, a strong pnll, and a pull altogether," that before the building was completed they would not owe a penny. Mr. Seaborn spoke of the Flat, ten years ago, but if be had been a S prophet, and had foretold its condition at the present time, people would not have believed him. They had great cause to be thankful for the buildings in connection with the Church, and also for the way in which the townspeople work together for the general good. People of all denominations appeared to go into evei^thing with a determination to make it a success. There were some who thought the festival would hot do, but theftuests alth%tables, andtbe number of tickets, and am&tmli; of money taken at the doors, proved that >t was a perfect success. There was a deal of unity in the Church of England in Young, and he thought one reason of it was because they had their services regularly. In the absence of the incumbent, the Bev. H. 8. Seaborn conducted the service, and he thought that when they got the vicarage out of debt, they ought not to forget him. Another person tliey should think of was the Bishop; he had other districtn to look after, and they ought to assist him by subscribing to the Diocesan Fund. He would not occupy their time any longer, but would merely say he hoped that before the meeting was concluded the'Cbairman would be able to announce that the vicarage was out of debt. The CBAIBXAK . announced that the Ven. Archdeacon Lillingston would be the next speaker, and the announcement was received with cheers, ARCHPRACON LILLINGSTON thanked the meeting for the manner in which his name had been received. Some of the speakers had made short speeches, and his might have to be longer in consequence. His mission among them, he said, was twofold, and he was going to give them some butter first, though perhaps he might have to give them some mustard afterwards. He was pleased at the hearty manner in which they inet all Church matters. He had been among them so often at tea meetings that somehow he had got the name of " Hot-water Dick." He recapitulated the times and occasions of his several visits to Young, and said.he was always pleased at the unanimity which seemed to pervade them all when any great or noble object was before them. They took the best plan in such eases, which was - to join heart and soul together, and carry the matter through. People might, in - years to come, point at their, church buil tliey had lived without them, until a determination was at last come to, to take the good work in hand, and in seven short years it had been finished. The people of Young had been set to work by a lady, and they had showed what could be done by pnlling together with a hearty cond will. He thought they would Boon be able to exorcise the ghost, and when that was done tbey had liot many local wants. But they bad other duties. Every member had a duty to perform towards the whole body, and, as members of the Church of England, their duty was -t« ausiiit the Church as a whole. They should $h«nk of the Church Society which spread its 'Wrms through the district, and not only thank God for their own church services, but think of the time when they had no church and no services, and think of other plabes where at present there is no church. He should say that they would feel bonnd to do something to send forth tho wave of Christianity to other places. It-should not, and be felt that it would not, require jjfifib argument to show them that it was a privilege to help forward the Church Society. When he thongbt of this church and school, which but for a few, set to work by the gallantry ^ a lady, might not have existed, and when he thought of the day when there was no parson in the plice,' and contrasted it with to- day, he felt that he might come and ask them to extend that blessing to others which God had given to them. When be looked at tbe good work, and considered that, first by the blessing of God, next by the energy, of a few individuals, and next by the-assistance of the Church Society no mnch bad been done, he wa> snre he might aBk them to do something for tbe Society. The Society had done countless good; it gave people courage; it said to them, try and paddle your own canoe, and we will give yon a above along; do so Tnueb.apd we will give you a belp... Th-jmgiy p«H and they were in that position where tbey could give others a above. They woiddJbavefJ>» ^ _™ im-, i»ui ttae debt to the "GRurch Society they could never clear off, and he hoped that some of them would at once put down their names for a subscription, as a small belp to tbe Society in giving to others what tbey enjoyed themselves. He did not agree witb Mr. 8eaborn in laying the bouse would not be a play bouse, or a poor house, or a publio bouse. He thought that the presence of children would make it a play honse,that itsbeing the dwelling of a poor parson wonld make it a poor house, and he believed that it would be a public house, inasmuch as it would be open to every poor wayfarer. They might lock at the buildings, and think that in tbe people who bnilt them there was tbe sable kind of hard stuff that was in their forefathers. Wherever tbe Anglo-Saxon tongne spread there went civiliaa- -iion. ond whene ver they saw such buildings being erected they had proof that tbe same good blood warmed and cheered the present generation as warmed and cheered the hearts of their ancestors in former days. They must push on with such a good work, and the tince might soon come when lie would be called upon to speak for a parsonage at Wombat, or a church at Murrumbumh, or Ten-mile, or Seven-mile, unti, the Sabbath b3R'e^r j^uewd to ring within th^> sonnd-of^Sli'J^jther, as they did in their dear old country. • When lie considered ; how -churches and pjhitters had increased since be landed in the CQJony, be was encouraged to hope • that some d&C; he might' see audit a state of things hero. P*. 0pl e told him that he did not speak so well as he iwd. aflaiie^.oMalit he was getting old, and would, therefore, take an old man's privilege, and sit on this journey the Bishop had asked him to do all be could for the Church Society, and they must forgive him if he again exhorted them to help to spread to others some of the blessings which they felt themselves. (The Ven. Arch- 4 deacon finished a most powerful and eloqueint amid a torrent of cheers.) The^B^. Mr. GWTHNB complained that to asked him to succeed the A rc bdeacoh was like firing off a popgun after a cannon, or like the braying of an ass after the roar of the lion. He had often heard the Archdeacon apeak, but never so powerfully as on the present occasion They had two subjects of jtreat interest before them t one was the vioarage, and the other was their own particular Church Society, and it was their duty/to do what they conld to asWst in both. He agreed with Mr. Watson'a speech about the necessity for laying the ghost, tbongh he did not agree as to the pleasure ofstandihi up to address the meeting, in fact he won! sooner sit down. - He had been asked to the meeting, and he promised to give his countenance by attending, though he was but a poor hand at speaking. He hoped the debt would be all wiped off that evening, and he congratulated them upon the success of the day. Before sitting down he would express a Masonic sentiment, which was this, " Prosper the man, prosper his house, prosper the Church." Mr. EDWABDS said an hour ago be had determined not to speak, but be had been asked to stand up, and he would take the opportunity of making a few remarks about the early history of the Church in Yonng. He was deputed to draw up the first Annual Report of the Young Auxilliary Church Society, and in that was reported eveiything in connection with the Church from the day of Mr. Pownall's arrival, 11th August^ 1864. He (the sperker) had been connected with the Church evet since his own arrival in Young. He would add that he loved the Church of England, becanse everybody who spoke the English tongue was largely indebted to it for their civil aud religious liberty. He made several quotations from the report, which, for 'want of space, we are compelled to omit. The people of Young, he aaid, were greatly indebted to Mrs. Wilkie, now Mrs. G. O'M. Clarke, for her efforts in building the church and school. Since then a great deal had been done, and there were no better friends to the Church than the firm of'Watson, Bros., and thai was the reason why he proposed that some of the family should lay the stone of the vicarage. As a mark of respect to her husband, Mrs. Jas. Watson had been asknd. to perform the ceremony, and, in asking her, he thought >tbe.^ominitteeltad only performed their dutv. ' Rev. Mi OABC said the Archdeacon had pro posed ti, ^iy them butter, but he was inclined to add a !,ttle m, He- felt delighted to think that their pastt would not be troubled with load of debt l> . the ghost of debt must act as a depression of the spirits. Ministers had many calls for work and assistance, not only from their parishioneis, but also from strangers, and it was the duty of their minister to relieve them, and they ought to put it in his power to do so, He recommended them, when they had finished their work, to aid the Church Society. If tbey cou.d not give £5 they might give sixpence. He saw some pennies in the pltte that day, and he was glad to see them, for he remembered the Scotch proverb " Every mickte makes muckle." They might very easily help on the Church Society by a shilling subscription Christ had declared that the widow's mite, was more than had been east in by all the others, and they might remember that he who gave in proportion to what he had, gave liberally. Next to receiving the answer, yes, he did not know of anything which made him so pleased as when he first put half-a-crown in the plate at a collection. He asked them to do all in their power, and assured them that they would find their reward, both in time and eternity. A collection was then made in the room, and the Chairman announced tbat the sum of £13 had been laid on the stone; that the sale of tickets, as far as yet known, amounted to £20 2s 9d; and that the amount collected in the room was £3 13s 2d; total, £36 15s lid. Mr. KERBY proposed A vote of thanks to- the ladies and gentlemen who had provided the tables, and presided at them. Carried by arcla' mation. Mr. M'CASTHT moved a vote of thanks to those rev. gentlemen who.had come from a di» tanoe to take part in the proceedings, and also to the -choir. -Onmed- hr - AncHDsicoW t^LTKOhtoif responded, He said BUIIU meetings robbed tbe rust off, and he felt pleased when the Bishop gaye him instruction* to take a trip about the diocese; for upon such an occasion healways picked up a few wrinkles. He like the heartiness and congeniality with which they rolled up (be believed they used, at one time, to be good hands at rolling up). It gave him encouragement, and induced him to hope for help to other parishes. He bad enjoyed himself much, and he believed the other rev. gentlemen present liad done tbe same. Mr. GWTNHB proposed a vote of thanks to tbe Chairman, which motion was seconded by Mr. Dark, carried, and duly acknowledged by tbe Chairman. The ABCHDBACOK pronounced the Benediction, and tbe meeting broke up. With the. exception of some very riotous and disgraceful conduct by a drunken man previous to thetea, everything passed off with perfect sncoess. THBVBRTELLI TBOTTPX, with the Australian Tom Thumb, are advertised to perform at the Empire Hotel this evening. The performance of the company consists of feats of sleight of hand, ventriloquism, Ac. Some feats of tumbling and contortionisni are gone through by the General. 