MURRUAIBURRAII. PROM OUlt CORRESPONDENT. I Novemiier 11. — Tho first crushing of stone from No. 7 claim, Marshal McMuhon's roof, has boon made, tlio rosult being a cuko of GG4 ozs. from 200 tons of stono (or n little loss), boing nearly 3> ozs. to tho ton. As tho proprietors reckon upon saving some 30 ozs. or so on clearing up tho machino from tho same crushing, if thoy nro right in their expectations it will bring tho average up to lionrly 4 ozs. Thcro nro betweon 300 and 100 tons of stono nt grass still to bo crushed, nnd that I understand will bo pro ceeded witbatonco, or so soon as tho machino is cleared out. Afterwards tho stono at No. 6 will bo taken in hand. Thcro nro about 100 tons of this at grass, which is reckonod to average about 2 ozs. Our polico cscortod tho proprietors with tho enko of gold from tho roof through Alurrum- burrnh and in to Young — a distanco of somo thirty-two miles. Should this roof continuo to yield such haudsomo results, wo may expect a similar escort ovory fortnight. Bosidos that, alluvial diggings nil round, are incroasing, and must oviileutfy pay. The fact of tho sucooss of this reef will stimulnto prospectors in tho search of others, when it might bo thought worth while by soino bank or other to osLablish a branch at this placo. No. 5 claim nt tho roof, which had boon jumped by two men (Dobbs and Grant) is now lioing workod, tho commissioner having confirmed tho juinpors in two sharos only. A publie- houso has boon oponod at tho roof cullod tho Marshal MoMuhon Hotol by Philip Brady. Tho accounts from tho Rocky Ponds diggings nro good. Tho party who have boon so long working nt a raco noar this town, wbicli thoy havo had to abandon, have begun nuothor higher up and narrower. This thoy nro letting out to small parties of contractors by tho mile) so that although it will be longer than tho ono first nttomptod, it is expoctod that, tho whole wilt ho completed within four or livo weeks. Every thing ubout here just now wears the appnaruiico of busy times. A few days sinco a load of quartz from Mr. Lowington's claim noar Wombat passod through en route to tho machino at MeMahon's reef to t)u cru-died. Tho claim whence this was taken is, I .understand, noar tho Chinoso gardens, about seven miles hence on tho Wombat road. Tho stono had a whitish appearance, as if thoro was pipeclay in its composition. On Tuesday last', .Mr. Rogers, with two express vans nnd a fu mil nro cart, passod through en route from AYnggn Wagga to l'.ur- rowa, with Air. Ilooko, of the Rank of Mow South Wales, and family. Afr. lloolco takes tho placo of .Mr. Scrivou at. Bun-own. Tho lai tor gontloinan passed up to Wagga Wagga on Sunday hist. Last Monday tho Very Rc-v. Father Dunne arrived hero from Albury. Jlo celebrated mass on tho following day, and thou proceeded to Purrowa, wlioneo hu returned yesterday. Father Dunn lias been on a tour making collections for the Roman Catholic Cathedral at < toiilburn. The Oddfellows picnic at Young, drew several persons away from this place, but I should hardly inoutioii it except lor ail accident which happened to one vehicle returning, and which though happily resulting in nothing moro serious than several bruises, might have had a far worso termination. Mr. Hodgson, tho chemist, had gone to tho picnic in a spring-cart, taking a lady friend with him. On tboir return yesterday aftornoon, and a littlu on this side of Wombat, tho cart ran against a stump and immediately capsized. Mr. Hodgson nnd bis companion were thrown out, tho cart fulling on tho latter. Very fortunately Mr. John A. Murphy happened to bo coming up behind tho cart, and extricated tho lady from her painful position, bringing her on to town in his buggy. Mr. Hodgson canto on later with tho cart and does not seem to have got moro than a shako. A meeting of tho Miirruinburrah Cricket Club was hold this ovoning at Mr. Murphy's Criterion Hotel, fur tho purposo of electing officers lor the ensuing season, and selecting cloven players to play tho final match with the 1 oung Australian (Lowington's) Club, oT Wombat, on the 30tli of this month. Tho match will como otf within about a milo of Murruniburrnh. Mr. Bonrkc, tho lion, secretary and treasurer, rend a letter from tho socrutary of tho Young Australian, agreeing to play on tho 3Uth in sir.-; nl'ter which ho entored into details of accounts. Tho bahmco in hand was lis. Gil. and tho sum duo by mom- bcrs was £5 10s. fid., of which thoy might cal culate upon gotling at lonst £1. It was then moved and carried that tho now committee for tho season bo Messrs. Joeolyn, Alfrod AVelman, Tlios. Dale, William Martin, Felix Murphy, Tlios. McMuhon, and John Bonrkc. Air. Alilos Alurphy was appointed sccrotury nnd treasurer ; Air. Johnstone captain of tho club ; Air. Geo. Barnes, president ; Air. John Bonrkc, umpire; Air. Alilcs Alurphy, scorer. Tho players chosen for tho ensuing match woro — Messrs. Flower, Boll, W. AYolinan, AIcGorinnck, Walters, Coddington, Johnstone, Joeolyn, llonry Alurphy, Clarke, and AL AIniiruo, with Alossrs. Felix Alurphy and AIcAIuhon, as emergency moil. Afr. Granoy moved that a dinnor ho given to tho Wombat players out of tho funds of the club, which was seconded by Afr. Foli.x Alurphy and carriod. It was understood that tho mombors of tho Alur- rumburrah team shoiJd hoar thoir own oxpenso at tho dinnor. A discussion nroso as to tho chargo for a booth on tho ground, which it was decided should ho ono guinea. Air. Alartin, tho baker, has taken the booth, and if any person reading this should happen to ho present I can honestly recommend them to try his ginger beer. The CIat and O'Buien Bitinon Toi.i.-iiaiis. — On .Saturday last, lit noon, tho leoso for twolvo months, fl-opi 1st .'Inmim-jr ..«>), f./'tlo Ut>|, ami U 'linen Bridge toll-bars, was oll'orotl at tho Court-house, Yass. The attendance was small, and tho biddings were confined to threo persons. Air. I'oarso, of tho Jluino Inn, rotirod from tho contest on bidding £350 ; Air. Gorman's last oiler was £436 10s. ; and tho final bid, /£ 137, was inndo by Air. Noble. Tho conditions under which the auction was hold comprisod the follow ing: — "On tho fall of tho hammer, tho highest biddor shall deposit £20, notos or gold, in tho hands of rlio auctioneer or otlior authorised ofiicor, when a sealed onvolopo which shall havo boon placed on tho table before tho commence ment of tho salo will bo oponod, and if tho amount hid shall equal or oxeeod tho reserved amoiini. statod therein, tho said bidder shall ho declared the lessoo, subject to conditions of salo ; and should ho then fail to cxccuto tho nocessnrv bond and other documents, tho amount so deposited shall bo forfeited and tenders invited for the pnrchaso of tho lease." This condition having been eompliod with, tho sealed onvolopo was found to mention a liighor sum than tho hi, ghost oilier, consequently' tho toll-bars rc- muinod unlet. Tho rosurvo was not statod, but Air. Noble at once ofibrud tho nmoiint ; tho oll'or, howovor, undor tho circumstances, could not bo ontortuined. St. Clement's Ciiuncir, Yass.— Tho following is tho copy of a letter rocoivod by tho church" win-dons of St. Clomont's Ghuroh, Ynss, from tho Bishop of Gonlbnrn. Wo mldorstand that noithor tho archdoacon, tho churchwardens, or tho con gregation woro consulted in the' mnttor : — y "Gonlbnrn, 8th November, 1871. To tho churcbwnrdons, St. .Clement's, Yass. — Gentle men, — Having now received from Archdeacon Lillingstou a lettor. stating definitely that ho has dooidod to return to England, I writo to inform you that I havo nppomtod tho Rov. Snmuol Sheridan Hnrpur, B.A., to porform tho duties nt Yass during his nbscnco. I huvo boon anxious to mako n good nppointmont, und ain persuaded thnt you will concur with ino in boing thankful for tho arrangement. It is the rosult of much thought nnd corrospondonco, nnd I pray that it may servo, by tho blessing of God, to maintain and advance tho intorosts of roligion in tho district. Air. Iturpur is, us you know, n godly and nhlo man. llo is at prosont officiating in Gonlbnrn, and will continuo to do so until Air. Lillingstou retires from tho dutios at Yass. I mucu rogrec tout any cnungo was aoomea nocos- siu y, but sincorcly trust that tho voyage of Mr. and Airs. Lillingstou to England, and thoir so journ in thoir native land, may conduco to thoir individual wolfuro; and that meunwhilo our church and congregation in Yuss may show tho fruits of tho nrcbdoucon's ministry by growth in Itolinoss nnd good works. — I romuin, gontlomon, your faithful sorvant, M. Goulbuun." "Giiekiiy Rive." — Air. AY. Alylos's well known and woll tendod orchnrd as usual takos tho lond in supplying tho oarlior descriptions of fruit in advnuco of otlior gardons and orchards in this neighbourhood. Yestordny wo saw n very lino sample of Boivyor's early heart chcrrios, woll riponod and excellently flavoured, which had thnt morning boon picked from oil' ono or two young trees in Air. Alylos's orchard. Ho informs us that tho yiold of fruit of all descriptions pro mises to bo vory plentiful this your. Strawborrios havo boon for somo timo past in season in Yuss and surrounding district. Tin: Yass Pust-oi'pice. — Mr. P. Goold, who has for somo seven or eight years conducted tho business of tho post-oflico in this town, is likoly to oxclmngo positions with a gontloinan in tho Sydney ollico about tho beginning of noxt month. Mr, Goold's nttontion, courtesy, and obliging disposition lias led to tho dosiro to prosont him with soino mark of tho approval of his towns men, and of tho groat rospoct thoy entertain for him personally, and wo understand a inovoment is now in progross to give oll'oct to this fooling in a substantial inannor. Wo know of none moro worthy of having his past sorvicos recog- niaod, and shall bo glad to find that tho object is satisfactorily nchiovod. P Catholic.— Tho Catholic Bishop of Goulburn arrived at Yass yostordny aftornoon. A large nunibor of clergymen huvo also reached town. On AVoduosiluy noxt, wo undarstnnd, a conference is to bo held. Several additional clergymen nro expoctod to arrivo in cotirso of to-day. Yass Police Court. — Yostordny, boforo Arr. Yatos, a man named Henry Johnson was fined 5s. or twenty-four hours in tho lockup for drunkenness. --. Giiexfeli. Roman Catholic School. — "Wo re gret to lie under tho nocossity of drawing ntton tion to tho decision of tho Council of Education in refusing a cortilicato to our Roman Catholic school, which, viowing all tho circumstances of tho case, wo cannot help. thinking is, to say tho least of it, nd verso to thoso vory objocts nnd principles that is supposed to bo tho special duty of tho Council to chorish nnd proinoto — tho education of tho young. Tho objections urged by the Council in support of thoir decision ap pear to us very trivial, if in point of fact they havo any existonco at all, nnd wo would hnmbly suggest that tho Council would havo far bottor served tho causo of education, which callod them into existenco, by ondoavouring, ns thoy conld easily havo done, to got rid of thoso supposod objections, than by eagerly seizing on thorn ns an oxenso for refusing a certificate to this school as thoy havo done. An obstructive policy is not ono that, wo havo any right to oxpoct from such a Board as that of tho Council of Education, nor do wo think it will bo tolerated. Tho first appli cation was made to tho Council of Education ns far back as tho 22nil AIny last ; sinco thon tho school cominittoo havo boon remonstrating and fighting vigorously against tho frivolous objec tions urged by tho Council against granting tho required cerLilicnto to tho school, but as yet all to no purposo ; and are at prosont seemingly, as far from tlio much desired ond ns ovor. Tho first objection that was urged against granting a cortilicato to this school was, to quoto tho Council's own words, that "tho inspector's ro- port disclosos thnt tho applicants havo not provided n school-houso Biitliciont in nil re spects lor tho purposo." To rofuto this ob jection, a party of our most influential gentle men, including in thoir numbor n civil onginoor and a hiiildor, viz., Air. E. A. Bnkor, ut.L.A., Air. Dnlton, P.AL, Alossrs. W. R. Watt, P. Roland, D. Pyno, J. Al'Connoll, nnd R. AI. Vaughn, J.'sP., inspoctod tho building nnd tinanimoii-ly pronounced it in ovory wny snited for tho purposo dosignod. Tho 'report of thoso gontlomon was duly forwnrdod to tho Council in tho hopo thnt it would ovorcomo tho only objection existing against tho oponing of tho school, but it was not to bo so, the Council woro still ndyorso, nnd again objoctod, on tho ploa that "it is not a school-houso at nil, but a church." Wo arc really nt a loss to find out tho roason of thoir so doing, as on turning to tho rognlulious of tho Council wo find that No. 13 of thoso regulations distinctly statos that build ings may' bo used both ns churches and schools, provided that. such buildings are kept in proper repair from private funds. This tho School Board have intimated thoir rondinoss to do; orgo this ohjoction, if it ovor could bo looked upo.-. as a tonablo ono, coasos to oxist. Wo could, moroovor, quoto from tho roports sont in to tlio Council by thoir own inspectors, numorous' instunoos whoro tho Council havo distinctly authorissd buildings to bo usod dually, as churchos nnd schools, which to us makes thoir urging this ohjoction in this instance still moro absurd and unjust. Tlio school-houso, wo may mention, is a capacious room furnished with all tho requisites of a school-room, nnd attended nt prosont by an average of 1G0 scholnrs, undor tho tuition of a competent mnster. Wo sincerely trust thnt tlio Council of Education may recon sider and rovorso thoir dccison in this mnttor, and in similar ones in timo to como, othorwiso wo much four that, tho utility of tho Council will bo much impaired und their acts will bo bnrron of that result that ought to bo thoir solo aim nnd object — tho ndvancomont of education. — Mining Jiecord. The sxacic.iNG Parties. — Wo understand that tho ifivoi -omiKging partios on tho Murrnmbidgoo comruoncod working again, undor tho direction Air. Lulmtt, noav Nurnmlorn, on tlio first of tho prosont mouth. Tho hand-winch boats, so far, havo only boon sot to work, but Mr. Labatt has applied to tho authoritios in Sydney for two en gineers, and as soon ns thoy nrrivo both of tho steam- winches will bo sot going, and tho work ol clearing tho obstructed portions of tho river frain Narandora downwards will bo energetically pi'ocoedod with. Tho wator now is gotting low enough to admit of tho hnndling nnd romoval of most of tho logs, and it is to bo hopod thnt tho ndvnntngos of tlio soason will bo mndo tho most of, and that boforo tho autumn rises occur the wholo of tho chunnol to nt least as far as Hay will bo thoroughly cloarod. Tho river trade is rapidly increasing in importance, and should by overy possiblo inoims bo fosterod and nnennratrnd. — Wagga Wagga Express. Death op Ala. T. Burrett, Senior. — It is with rogrct that wo havo this wook to rocord tho death of Air, Thomas Barrett, son., of Eurokn. Aluny of our rouders will romombor that sovornl weeks sinco bo was brought into tho hospital snlioring from a sovore accidental dislocation and laceration of tho nnklo. Tho injuries woro of such a naturo that it was found unsafo to remove him, nnd ho romuinod in tho institution until tho time of his death, which took plnco on Alonday night Inst. Air. Barrett was ono of tho oldost rosidonts in tho Bland district, and was deeply respected. lie was bnriod in the Church of Eng land portion of tho comotory on Wodnosday aftornoon, and tho funeral wns attended by most of tho townspeople, as woll ns by a largo nnmbor of friends from tho country. — Burrangong Argus. Temporary Common, Gundagai North. — In pnrsunnco of tho provisions contained in tho regulations under tho Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1801, tho land doscribod horoundor shall bo dovotcd to temporary commonage : — County of Chirondon, parish of North Gundagni, Alur- rumbidgoo Rivor, 6570 ncros. Tbo unalionatod crown lands within that portion of tho reserve on account of population of tho town of Gundagai North within the pastoral district of Lachlan, within tho following bundarios : Bounded on the wost from tho Alurrumbidgoo Rivor by the wost boundary of tho resorvo nforosaid boaring north about 417. ehnins ; on tho north by tho north boundary of tho rosorvo on account of nonnlnt Ion of tho town of Gundagni bonring east 370 chains to tho Alurrumbidgoo River; and on all other sides by that rivor downwards, to tlio point of commoncomont. Yousn.— 1 Thursday, tho Princo of AValos's birth day, boing tlio anniversary duy of tho Burran gong Lodgo of Oddfellows, was — bosides boing celcbrntod with tlio usual picnic and ball — chosou as the occasion for opening tho new hall. Shortly boforo four o'clock on Alonday morn ing a firo broko out in tho stnblo nt tho back of Hayes's Commercial Hotel. The Btablo was a largo one, very substantially built, nnd in good ropair, and its destruction nlono must bo n heavy loss. Altogether, Air. Ilnyos computos his loss nt very little, if anything, loss than £300. In tho afternoon nn inqnost wus hold, whon tho jury found that thoro wus no ovidonco to show how tho firo originntod, An inqnost was on Alon day morning hold at tho rosidenco of Air. E. Jonos, at Spring Crook, touching the doath of Robort Pross. Richard Chossworth deposed : I am a minor, and rosido nt Spring Crook; yostor dny I was out looking for horses, and whon on my wny back botwoon tivelvo nnd ono o'clock I discovered tlio body of doconsod about a quarter of n milo from hero ; ho was quite doad, and lying face downwards ; thoro was nothing lying noar, nor any signs of a scufllo having tuken place noar tho spot ; I rocognise the docoasod as Robort Press; I am not nwnro if ho was of orunkon habits ; tho last timo I suw him alive was about n fortnight sinco. Somo furthor ovidenco was tukon, whon tho jury roturnod a verdict that doconsod camo to his douth by suffocation, bnt whothor ho had a fit or not tliero is no evidence to show.- -Burrangong Argus. 