THE POLITICAL CRISIS. [ABGUS.] barely tbe etrangett of all associations is that which connects the new Chief Secretary witb the new Minister of Lauds. It is not so very long ago since Mr. Duffy, replying to some taunt from Mr. Grant on tbe subject of Feoi anism, ctnog bis opponent to the quick by a re tort upon that gentleman's coonpicuous in- lirmity, which was all the more bitter because it was unfortunately true. It wm not exactly Othello reproving Cassio, but it was something very like it ; and the eamratnee; anl emphasis with which the Fphnkft vu VLttstreA ii,Btir- im^ fits belief that, if Mr. Grant bad been at the time a member of an Administration of which Mr, Duffy- might have been tbe chief, the latter woold have dismissed him with the stem valediction, *' Never more be officer of mine.' Since then — and we deeply regret to say it — Mr. Grant's conduct and habits have not been such as to justify bis friends— for of enemies be has only one — in drawing a veil over bis past indiscretions, and in forming tbe expectation that he would enter upon a new career, which should be honourable to himself and serviceable to tbe country in which he has made bim««)f a position and a name, Under such cirenm stances, bis selection by Mr. Duffy to fill tbe office of Minister of Lands and Survey, strikes us as being one of those blunders which a high authority has pronounced to be as bad as a crime. Mr. Duffy, in view of; the de plorable consequences of tbe loose wording, or the mal-administratum of tbe Land Act of 1862, is probably anxious to offer the colony some sort of guarantee tbat there shall be no repeti tion of tbe fatal mistakes then made. He knows that Mr. Grant is popular as a land-reformer, and he hopes to turn that popularity to gnod account, and to make it an element of strength to bis Ministry. But the ideal Mr. Grant, as he presents himself to tbe imagination or tbe grateful recollection of tbe free selectors, is on fortunately as oolike tbe real Mr. Grant, as he endeavours to address the Legislative Assembly under tbe inspiration of something which was never draw n from ' the Pierian Spring,' as the Mr. Daffy of 1S71 differs from the hot-headed enthusiast of 1818. In dragging the frailties of the boo. member for Avoca into tbe promi nence which they will assume when exposed to tbe strong ligbt which beats upon every actioD and Restore of a Minister of the Crown, Mr. Daffy has, we think, been wanting in considera ti™ both for Mr. Grant aud for himself, since the harsh comments to which tbe former will sub ject himself will of necessity react upon tbe bead of the Administration to which be belongs. It is with the most genuine reluctance that we refer to such a snbject ; but the blame of com pelling these allusions, and provoking these strictures, rests with tbe gentleman who has invited Mr. Grant to occupy one of tbe most important pneU in the new Administration. As regards tbe majority of those wbo have been indicated as Mr. Onffy's colleagues, tbey will strike tbe general public as an incongruous assortment of unimportant and adventnroos politicians — a fortuitous concourse of atoms, without any visible principle of cohesion or bond ot unity. And tbe Opposition may well ask itself—' Was it for this we put out the late Administration i Are the Longmores aud the Berries with Mr. Grant thrown in, acceptable substitutes for tbe men we have displaced f And what reasonable prospect is there of tbe permanence and stability of so oddly-assorted a collection of aspiring administrators?' Day after day we have bad dinned into our ears the assurance that protection was dead and buried. Tbe last general election gave such spirits to the Free- traders tbat tbey no longer feared even the ghost of tlieir bugbear. And yet, now that an opportunity is afforded them of showing tbeir strength, tbey (brink from tbe trial of conclusions. It now appears that it is the Free-trade cause tbat is moribund.. We bare at least th« assurance cf its chief organ in Ibe colony for the fact that no Government founded on its principles could possibly be a permanent one- This is a bunriliating confes sion to be made by a public journal (the Argus) that has preached a six-vests' crusade against protection. It bas besought bothibe educated and nn«3aoated claise. to accept ibi dicta, if but in ever s» email a degree, and it hat dili gently called from foreign prints, and eagerly published every scrap of evidence that it con ceived would shake the poj*ular faith in the eeummie system it caod-nuieJ. And yrt ii is forced to declare loiby that it is further iiff li»ti rt-rf from convincing a stai-b-ru peoi-ie tbat Probation u bad iur them. Pitifully la csesting its owe failure, tbe organ of tbe Free traders implore* Mr. Lacgtoa not to attempt, if the chance be offered him, to form a FreeUade Mioiatrr. He is assured that each a Ministry could not possibly stand, tbat public opinion needs still farther educating in the importers' creed, nod that a Protectionist Government is tbe only ooe which can give adequate effect to tbe wishes of tbe onmnusicy. W e are next in formed of tbe process by which tbe people are in future to be made ' cos verts W troth and reason.' The Free-traders are enjmued to give tbeir support iu tbe Assembly to a Protectionist Government while tbeir organ employs itself outside in tbe scblime work of conversion. Mr. Langton and bis friends are to assist Meters Daffy and Berry to pat on high protective duties. It gravely assures Mr. Lanetoo and ha friends that tbey may play tbe rtU thus given to them ' wHiioct any surrender of principje or sacrifice of swlf respect.' It is certain Sy sot for Protectionists to rind fault with tbe proposed method of 'educating public opinion,' and making converts to ' troth and reason.' There may be a profundity of wisdom in these re markable suggestions. Who can say but tbat six or seven years4 more teaching on this new system may not convert tbe remnant of (he Free trade party io and oat of Parliament en tirely to Protectionist views. [rtLECRiTH.] Mr. Daffy hit recruited for Ministers as Macbeth did for murderen, among tbe men ' so tugged with fortune ' as to be reckless what tbry do 'tf- s|-ite tbe world— to meed their lives or be rid. on'L* Talent there is cone in tbe list, now eemi- offieislly circulated, of Mr. Bern-. Mr. Great, Mr. Longmore. Mr. M'Lel iao, Mr. P. L. Smyih, and Mr. Spensler. Principle most be equally absent when we see Mr. Berry an ultra-protectionist, installed as Treasurer, and an ardent free-trader like Mr. O'Grady, a member of the Sladen Government, as Minister of Customs. Respectability is a point too painful to be dwelt upon. Like a drowning man in bis last blind agony, tbe Premier -expectant bas clutched at straws. And the result must be similir. He will eiok all the same, aud take bis men of straw with him. There are specific reasons why the rumour which associates tbe name of Mr. Grant witb tbe Presidency of the Board of Land and Works mast be untrue. It was Mr. Daffy wbo first described fc ? tbe House and the coantry tbe de plorable condition into which a trusted Minister of tbe Crowe— a people's Minister— had sunk ; and it was be who, with levelled forefinger, de cliird of sK Grant, 'Thou art the man.' It was Mr. Duffy wbo framed tbe reports of the select committee accusing Mr. Grant by implication of tolerating tbe existence of corrui»t practices in the Lands department, and of recommending the appointment ' of a Rival Commission to sheet the charges borne. Mr. Daffy was tbe member who professed him self ui -et emphatically as morally Mtbfied of the truth of '.be indictment against Mr. Grant, aud wbodacritio no halting words upon the vice which lu i betrayed tbe unhappy Minuter. He, least -if sll others, can forget those nights when Mr. Grant was forced t-? pass through the terrible ordi-al --f bstrniDg to such charges in guilty tmeocc BOX. l/uuy VM-t. fcne leaamg |f**t in ejecting trje fallen Minister from office, and it re not credible that be sbouH cow seek to restore bim to power, not only unreclaimed, but further fallen. Tbe moment it became known that Mr. Grant's former colleagues were endea Touring to place him for a time in an Inebriate's Home, we denounced them f--r keeping him at the council-board. Mr. Daffy, we hope, will aot require us to discharge the painful, the very psiuf&l;, dory of protesting again. Tlere bare been incoherent and maudlin s}feecbes de livered of late from tbe back benches which have made tbe Rouse shudder. If through Mr. Duff; one of those speeches are made from tbe Treasury benches, his will be a sin which can know no forgiveness. 