I A GHOST DETECTED. Fon somo timo past tlie miners working in the pits at Aherayohan and Cwmnnntddcr, near Pontypool, have been so terrifiod hy subterranean noises and tho storios of extraordinary "sights" told by somo, these phenomena being attributed to supirnatural agonoy, that the matter hud asiumcd a rory florionas aspect, and the Ebbw Vule Company havo lost hundreds of pounds in consequence of tho men positively refusiug to work in these pits and seeking employment elsewhere. Reasoning with tho miners on thoso matters was altogether useless. It was con sidorod that somo of tho noises were of ' perfectly natural origin, and arose from tho settling down of strata and BO forth, and as to others a suspicion nroso that they were wilfully caused by some waggish or malioioua persons ornployed in tho pits. Mr. Joseph Green, tho mineral agent, and Mr. Evan Jones, tho con- tractor, sot a closo watch, and tho result ia that they caught tho ghost and- »rought him alive to Pontypool police-court on Saturday. Tho " ghoat" turna out to be a tall, intelligent looking young man named John Horvoy, n haulier, in the employ of Mr. Evan Jones. The singular naturo of tho matter caused tho court to bo orowded. The defendant waa charged before the Rev, J. C. Lie wellen and 0. J. Parkes, Esq., with wilfully misconducting himself in his employ, on tho 17th February. Mr. Greenway appeared for the prcsccution, and Mr. Gibbs, of port, for tho defence. On the caao being called on, Mr. Gibba rose, and on behalf of his cliout, admitted that on ono occisión he did slam a door, and tondered nn humhlo apology to tho Ebbw Vule Company and to Mr. Evan Jonas, hoping that tho case would not ho pressed further. Mr. Greenway, on behalf of tho company and Mr. Jones, accepted tho apology, and asked tho permission of the bench I to withdraw the caso, but at tho same timo ho Btatcd ! that, if ono of tho doors had been left open, gas I might have accumulated, and tho livos of all in tho I pit sacrificed. ? The bench allowed tho case to be ¡withdrawn, but lectured tho defendant on his con duct, and ordered him to pay costs. 