ENGLISH SPORTING NOTES. : ' ''^ikom'oxtb ow coRiii^roKHT.'} *-'-'*' !-. ---'?- ?';?!-''..''. ! . '^P^00.^' ?r^^°Yein*i8r* ! In 'My last T stated that it was more than I .^oljable Jihat a m&toh;, wo^W,, boxaado bo- ; tween- the rival ohampion crews who (had j !^hon just returned, from Canada, and .who ; ^had evinced q; strong feeling of antagonism [ Jx- each either, both at home arid abroad. The ? .reiralt justiSedmyantlmpatibn, fora nigh 6 or $WbJ$ta*J^ ,WK8' i;;ratifio^i. ' 'between'1' toe ..^enfprths (Chambers, 'Kelly, Bright,' wiidPeroy), who diim the chainpionBhip' of ! th*J world, 'and j'jnrliQ, still retain 'the*., nanqe. of .'their, dead leader ; and Winship's crew ( Winahip, Bag* nail, Sadler, ? arid Taylor)i $rh6'. jointly and i^vora)ly'a^Medto rowarig^t-a^ay raoa ob Wednesday, ,22nd November, on a Tyne oonreefrom tho Highievel-bridge fcc- Lenringj ,lon ^oirvt jfpr £4t$f~ . Wtfea1,, W£ ' ,take into consideration the faot .that tines, erflight men are, according to public form, , the! best row* ing teen of the present time— probably the best of any time — there u reason'-' for 'the (great - amount of enthusiasm 'which at present 'Obtains : : both' here- 'and ; in Newcastle, and ; which isr every daiy increasing. ? It .may ; be said-^-in fact it1 'is ?aid by persons only slightly acquainted with aqtiatic pnranita— that, the St. John's' crew and thea^V«ird8 have .beaten, 'both fours re- tpeotdvely, and therefore the winners of the coming race' cannot with *faruth claim the universal championship. In reply to' this it has been advanced that the St. John'B men, by declining to renew the contest after Ken fortb'8.!death— though Chambers offered to taeet .' jfiem, 'for either .a atoke or in any regatta, and to await their' leisures-destroy their claim, and the victory , of the Wards over Winship's lot was simply due (bo the Winahips themselves say) to -ove^fatigne from , repeated travelling. A.t all - events these eight are the best any Englishman has ever seen, - and that is saying about as much as can be said on the matter. Possibly a great amount of (he present interest arises from- the fact that never' before' have two' composite cVews (Thames and Tync men mixed)* met in any race of importance oa either, the Middlesex: or Northumbrian riverp. .For years the two divisions Jmve met in private races and regattas, and about two years : ago we ' had the great home- and- home match between Thames and Tyns, in which the Tynemen were 'decisively * victorious, beating the Londoners' on their own water, and afterwards repeating the performance on the Tyne, and from (hat' grew the celebrated double-sculling wager, in which, after. a. moat magnificent race, Harry Kelly and Joe Sadler defeated Ken forth and 'Taylor, also on the Tyne. All ttfese matches we .have had, and mauy more, in which, the canny Northumbrians have in turn triumphed over or succumbed before tbeuona of the Thames, but un'iJ the, internecine war broke oat between the former, no Southerner was ever invited to join their ranks as ally. The .invitation froni Benforth to Kelly caused a ddunter inyitation to emanate from Winahip , to Joe -Sadler, and we are all acquainted with^ the result of their .antagonism abroad!; what its end will be at home ii';'.. stilt, hid In the womb of the future, ; Long before these lines reach my readers the .issue, will have been decided, and now 1 have but to wish for a clear r. we, without; let or hindrance in the shape of foul or dispute, and thus take leave of the subject for the present. ' Joseph Sadler is aquatic champion of Kag-] land, and ther^ is little prospect just' now of aay('one'-,el8e laying qlaim to the title. Thoro fore, remembering the wonderful paca at' which Green, the - Australian, always made his boat travel,; and concluding from tho pub lished' performances of Hickey and Rush that both of these are not only swifts but , stayers, stayer, Green was not, or he would have beaten Chambers by many lengths), it is much to be wished that 'one of these scullers would yinit England -for the cake of trying his strength and skill against our best men.' Should Bush come across the great ocean on a visit to the mother country he may be assured of a friendly reception and hosts of enthusiastic admirers, provided he is in any way as good as we are led to be lieve he is. Now that the winter evenings have set in, the .billiard professionals have emerged from their summer obscurity, and already Jarge scores and probable aspirants' for the championship are talked about. The game of billiards has within tho last two yoara been considerably modified, so far as cham pionship tables are concerned, and thus what were under the ancien rtgime second-rate players are now candidates for championship honors. For many years Roberts, sen., held thexhampionship, his manipulation of a most delicate stroke, the spot-shot, having en abled him to not only set all other playcra at defiance, but to give starts of at least 200 in 1000 to all comers. But a few yeara back a lad -named Cook began to show, considerable aptitude for me same style or scoring, ana being pos sessed of wonderful delicacy of touch and ' keenness of sight, he gradually im proved until he was considerably more than a match for the old man who had at ono tirno been;Hi8 tutor. ,. Cook's famo now w-»w apace; ho .travelled over the United Kingdom giving exhibitions, and Hoon'ho off9refl to fliv« any man in the world the name start which old Roberts used to offer, but ComIc'h proposal was so far abovo .Roberta's that it included Roberta himself. .Strange to. Hay, however, the general school of billiard players, who bad been moot enthusiastic in their admiration of the spot-stroke i(wb en Roberts was Jodie priheeps, now sneered at it, said it was only trick, that all-round play was infinitely preferable even if it weored moro filmvly ; ' tli.ftt' apf llndc. for t|ii«, inr uti't'ku might' Hhb . io jnalie airnan oltrn.i pion j , and, ji/viraf'ife dlrtu, tliftfc th« taMca aa ; at pi'O(j«-nt lined wVire far. too.: easy for getting; that if the t&l;*l-;« »Tcra an eaav ?&*? they, said,., tbey would have beon uble to'perfeot the strMco tbeniHelves, Nevei'th* less, ij'f a billiard oonferenoe'! was called, at which Cook, Roberts, Bennett, Roberts jub. ,%a& one or twojsroall fry, were present ; and on being put to the vote, it was oarricd, o!-oourw, ..tin* to future all ohim»ptoa»]-ip fajrtaha* »b»«J4 UplwAoip teW« t$M£ no that the spot stroke could hardly bo mado 'oxboptlJy afltikev Thia WSb deflerby Mm6ving' the sp»t much, nearer tho cushion thtm be fore, 'thus cramping -the angle of inoidenoo; and by' reducing tho pdoketB to-one and threeHjUarter'iiiches at the. mouth. ;,; There fore' the' oh^anbp of making the world ?renownr d shot was'hOw^Teduood to 'a minimum1,' and a9 tiaxinonn' and winning^hazard^ would have to %o th'cf 'almoat aple reliance of'tihe aspirant-i B^yeral wbo would not.ihaveBtopd the ghost of o ohaaoe with either pookl or, Roberta- at the old style. of I game; nowirfchought^thoy would ; be', able - !t» ^ write ''-the ? word chain ? pion i after their ^natneaJ-' But they word opeeaily undeceivbd.' -f 'It* had;!'ti0t entered intd; theUr'1' 'oalMation^ ? ':thatrl,th0 'deli,' oaoy ;;-6i;'/'toabli,:v'iihe'''. ' H$iis' -(nou^e), thje ' Quickness ' of eye .and tie , firmkjess . of hand necessary to maTfoi.a mnn- a nrat-olaFa exponent , of «jhe spot shot, would,' turned; in another direction, enable him, to do any or dinary iBtroke with precision, x But so iti was,' of oourao:' OtVheh'three oti fourwell'knowi* table-makers Bubsoribedfotal'ohampionva'^e' and golo^'meda^'. andj^pok, an^.'Sioberts played . j'|or it^.'Cb'o^i^vonj^ ,'^nd'! ^hoiigh ho. made no , large,. breaksj ho p^ay.ed a [m'agqifi cent ail- round game, and I quite : frigotpned' awaytbe pcetendprt. ': ? Roberts, junior, . and Joseph Bennett, are; the only men whb havii made anything- like a raoe with Cook, and they' are at-lendid Bpot-Btrrkers,1 ^roviag' by analogy ' yh'at I; have' .''just ' advanced as ': 'argument.- C6ok ( 'iif !, the '{pecona'.'figbt. waa- beaten by RjiWer^ ',, jblio' ybunger,*'who in turn1 fell before' tto cuopf Bennett' ,Coo^ in the fourth .struggle .Baccoeded in ^resting he laurels from. ,,his, former .oonqueTP'r; and there the, matter, stands, he being now cham pion, though ho willo have to- i encounter Bennett in the forthcoming season. Although mahy;are found- in theory to support the system of small pookots, the now tables never halve beeny nor will they ever be, taken ''into1 general practice ; and there rjian be., little' doubt that they will, Cjvon so far as champion matohea are concerned, fall. , into ultimato desuetude. Cook has among: other : great feats with tho cue completed a break of 752, : and long. odds have boon takeuby a stanch ! admirer' of the present champion that lie within five years make no ' loss than the i entire number of a bit'. match fHXKH off tha ! balls. ' Reberts'a greatey^ score was,' I think, 345, and this made .a^ great sensation at . tbo time.T: Before' tho'V^troduction of the now tables a great many matches were played on,, ,the principle, of .tfibftrring' tha | spot stroke— that is,, if either player got up 'to spot he was bound not to make a winning ; hazard, but to play for something eke. For jthe information of those, of 'iriy'1 readers who -re not experts at: Hihis f ajciriatang game, I jmay as well state that ^^tt^troke on which I lhaye been' remarking cbnaiatd in the player'a driving the red ball off spot into the right or. left-hand, pocket, and leaving his ball in position for a repetition of the ptrroke. For my, own part I think there is no .stroke on tbo board ?. so nice ; though in good trutli when you see a man popping tho ball down ias though he. intended continuing to infinity, jit iti'a little tiring. And it looks so easy that jthe merest tyro thinks he can accomplish it. {But it is just as difficult as it appears c.v.y. j The sucoe'is of Baron Rothschild on the .turf during the present year haB been unpre cedented. In the three-year ? old racep, .which aro'.supposed to be the greatest eveutu jof the_ Beaeon, everything, with odo 'small jexception, has gone down before him,' and jwhen Hannah galloped away with the St. jLoger it'Vas unahimoualy voted ? that, call father years by what namo bil'b 'will^ 1871 willalwaya be known as Rothschild's year. And as this success has bjCen. unprecedented, so it is ungrudged/ for never was Tthero an owner who strug'gled harder Mi laxde, regard lessof the betting ring movements', than 'Baton Rothschild. -But if the world was astonished when, the ? One Thousand, the Derby, tho Oaks, and the St. Legor^ to say nothing of minor prizes; fell. to ono; owner,' its astonish ment rose $o wonder when the Cesare wi tcb, the first of $he two great handicaps. of %q year, was added to the aapie laurel wreath.,. When Corisande's number went up as winner, and the result was telegraphed throughput the length and breadth of the country, it was' felt that Baron Rothsohild was this year in vincible, and' his Cambridgeshire horse, Fa vonius, the Derby winner, at once became a hot favorite. As the . betting is the only test of a horse's apparent chance for a big race, I may as well state .that Corisando started for the CeBarewitoh at 12 to 1 agamst her, there being bo veral lightly weighted horses much more fancied than she ; at the same time Favonius's price for the Cambridgeshire was 50 to 1. No sooner was Corisande's victory deolared than Favoniua became first favorito, 10 to 1 being taken freely about him, and it at one time looked &a; though nothing could interfere with his Chance in tho nublic mind. But just after Coriaande'a victory, a rumor that Henry, a horse in the Gladiateur stable, had been highly tried, was put on fpet, and a heavy commission executed, whioh brought him to about eqnal favoritism with Favonius. On the Friday following the Ceaarbwitcb day (Tuesday), Henry won the Newmarket Derby in arcanter, beating with ease,, and at even weights, some of our best threeyear olds, and as ho was in receipt of 10 lb. from Favonius, whi[o his owner and trainer do clared that ho was quite as good as tho Derby winner without any allowance, it wan not to bo wondorod -Jiat Honry oamo with a rush in tho market quotation*), and war; npocdily at 3 to 1 wantofl.1 Bicylo, a , msro wbo had bnori beforo th*^ 'Jenarowitob ' highly fanuiod, now inniln -?\ rotrogrado movement, and CoriBanrto, when : it waa dincovorfid that ' tho Karon moant running both his hprBOH, came ia for a fair shorn of support. All brook, a very lightly-weighted horeo, wan also much (supported, and a day or two be fore the race watt backed on the strength of a private. trial to win many thousand* of |ii-uuitn; VcMtinitiMtof, who won thifr nvut ;,W(ryfiar/)_ Imok, wuii /i)rii)'iUu riiMyinnt 'if is fait, cimfidertrw ; and u.'t tlci only way'yoi'f' ititi' iaaiHUVfi (iouliiU-fme in sporting muttfti/i yi t»y 'the iaVfiiituxiiit of money, — jf tuny hh wtM j^ivo an inatanuo of this by Btating that in a day Vestminator was backed from 40 down to lOtoL It is rather romarkablo that R tor- linjtf, who had proved himself a splendid weight-carrier, who wan matched at evou weights with Favoniue, and who wan by mtajr oon»tdsr«d to In the b««b miloi M HlBfani, wm nit thin tliao -»iiadl««t a* jv --'.?. ?',:-(-{;?:?:. :'::::'. '... : ....... .':.: 50 to 1, whii^hi^^val, 'rwithloxapj;ly tho same impo'dV'Bhould* have oome down to 6. ' When it. was! discovered that Qeorgo'Ford ham, ithelprihooiiof jbokoysjtwas to t ride Sabinus— a;ispoBdy« ogelding, :who laBt year woni tthe '.City! : and 'Suburban and Metropolitan. Handicap but who was fmp. poaod fo.havo lost all form — 'a few of tho knowing onoo took, the 40's and 33's whioh wero freely bfforedj' but this did' not affeot thoi market, ' and when tho field! of twenty nine .runnora waa mustorod fat 'the .post 40 to'l was offered to. any amount against Fordham's mount. . About Sterling 100 to 4 wafi' tho.ciirrbnt price— Honry, '?^avoniua, andi AUbrook, ! whoso prioosilmaybe said to average 5 -toVil'each, boingith'o rocipionta of public- favor. Corisande,' -thO' Coaare witok winnorwas not noglectod, the gouornl public 'being-:, on tb a i mam! at 20 to 1, but Baron. Rotbscbild had as good as declared to win with .Favonius, having .i sta'to'd that the horse: I was 1 more ithan n.- Btono^ hotter than .tho;; marja.'': This was,* :howovei\ proved tl to : be ? an erroneousiioonoluBion,: m .; theii- race; ; tho .two/ being never separated,- Favoniua ? finishing sevontb, and. Coris^ndo oighthj i with hardly ,auo3o .separ ating themJ r i. The Baron was so .confulont that, he (actually took £1000 to £10 that ho finished absolutely first and second— a hoavy wager for hinw - 'The .start ; was much de layed, owing to the traotioushess of Sterling, who kicked AshfloMj ' and broke one of hia small' thigh11 bones ; but, notwithstanding this, 'Ashtield flnished fifth,. and his party say he would surely have won but for this contretemps. ? Yestminster ia first away, but' Jaryis, determined to make the best of All- ? brock's. ,ligh,t weight (5 yrs , U3 st. 6 lb.), puahos him along, and is soon along, way in frbnt of the others, who are all close together. Half- Way,, several horses tailed off, and the, Bar6n's pair hero compounded.^ AUbrook is still ' four' lengths' !;n front of ' everythinpf, - and looks like cantering in, but sud denly, amid' wild shouts, two horses dash forth . from tho ruck, and be gin rapidly, to overhaul Jar vis— rthese are Sabinus and Sterling, who. carry respec tively .Fordham and Cbaloner, the two greatest riders of modern days..' JNearerand no are r they approach tho judge; and nearer and dearer the rearmost horses 'overhaul the leader, until, within .a few BtrideB from home, I tie three' ate' dead leyeL 'By the most mag , riificiini; piece pf jockoyship over seen, For.3 I hain'managed for tbo instant, - and thcin |stant dniy, . that they pass the-post to lift Sabinus on — ho is not in front a stride before, 'the box is reached, he is not in front astride afterwards, but he is there 'when wanted,: and the race is won. Sterling and AUbrook , are1 decided to have run a dead heat, for jsecondplace, a! short head behind tjhe winner. jNptwithstanding'the fact that Favonius won the Derby, Hannah the 6p.e\ Tnous'and Guineas,' tbe Oaks', aud Lcgor, and Coruau.de ttie Ceaarewitch, 3t«rling eeoond with 8 at., ljl..;lbii'.' .is'- undoubtedly the beat per formftnee of tho year,' and : it is a.'groat pity that Mr. Gretton, Sterling's owner, declined to start him in tho match sweop, from which Jack Spigot had been withdrawn, and for : which therefore Favoniua walked ovor. As pferlingi on the day provious to the sweep btake fixture, won the Free Handicap, giving wjoighf away to, the' Good wood. Cup \winnor and. many other firs j; class , horaos, Mr. Grpttbn was doubtleaa quite right when hv Said that his horse had: had -quite work puough for one week. ! : ; i ' ! There is much talk about a.matbh between Sterling and Harry Baasett, a fast American three-y^ar-Qld, for, £10,000 a side/ but'. nothing 'definite', has as yet beoq;. arranged) the hitch being ; whether Uho racci' shall take place here or in , the United States. I aball ' hiiter, fully into th^ matter inmy next. , , , ! ?;?.;.'. -.;-??,: ?'.?:?-. ? MERLIN..-^ t 