PENRITH. [mOOI A COBBESPONDEKT.] I May 22. I A runt-tc meeting was held tn-dny (Monday), under a letter from the Government, requesting the electors of tho re» entiy proclaimed municipality of Penrith to nominate a person tts m mnlng-ofllccr for tho ensuing elections. Mr. Thomas "WlUmott's namo has bren submitter! for tho appointment A cricket match, between Penrith and Sydnoy Surrey Club, is to bo played on Belmore Park on the Queen's Birthday. Tho weather has been very Rhowery, and tho low grounds in consequence too wet for iii» farmers to work. On 1'ildcy «venins: last tho Penrith Amstour Dramatic Club, in accordance with their programme, gave a very pleas- ing entertainment in the Comme cial Assembly Iioonu, in aid ot tho district cricket club. The weather proved anything hut propitious : nevertheless the room was vory fashionably thro 'Red, and th* appearance of so many of tho fair ser materially incited the performers to excel, if possible, previous concert». Tito first part consisted of Rices, songs, ballads, a recitation, and stump oration. Mr. J. T. York BUHU very ricoly "Mary, Queen of my soul." Mr.-George A. Reid duly received an encore in tho "Marseillaise," «nd elicited roars of laughter In the 'Irish Speculator" and " Pat Murphy." Mr. C. Craig in "The bi!dg«," and Mr. E. T. Mulligan In " Thy voice is near," gavo ftlr promise of becoming favour!tel. Mr. Brennan, surTerlrg from Influenza, substituted "Jolly days " for tho " Slavo duse," and Mr. A. Calliss pleased tito audience In the recital of " Tell's address to the mountains and tho delivery of the stump oration, " Do mary changes of dis * world '* (in character), being interlarded with snmo local hits provoked much merriment. Tho diameters in tho "Four O'clock Train." tho Captain, ¡md .Tommy Docks, wcro admirably cast ; tho former in tho fron and easy Btyle ho executed his part, and the latter being particularly natural on seeing tho ghost {Mr. Colllss). A blank in the programma was here filled in hy Mr. Charles York very effectively singing " Love among tho roses." Ia Die rccond part the wholo of tho company favoured the visitors with "Tho Minstrels," Mr. George Davis as Sambo, ard Mr. Bronnan as Bones. Tho rendering of the choruses wcro good indeed, but riuriur these the audience was some- what disturbed by a fear persons, who should havo knoivn better, throwing fruit and swoetmoa&s;, &c.; Tho cornot solo by Mr. Smith, and "Yes, let me Uko a soldier fall," were apologized for, in consequence of those gentlemen suffering from tho Influenza epidemic. Next Carno a "Managerin a tlx,' got up woll and deicrving of credit. Mr. HUI, as Manager, Mr. A. Colllss as tho Bully, performed their parts to a nicety ; tho make-up of the ballet girl and tho tragedian being .grand In tho extremo. Tho concert closed with tho National Anthora, tho audienco dispersing apparently patlslled with their yoting frlcids desire to entertain them. Mn. Wilks presided at the pianoforte. 