LETEMPTATlO; gY Cff A TELES READE. . chapteb the sixth. «TS„di.h !" eaidSir Charles. « Then tell ' J?f T ga) here F Where am I ? K r had a fit ! end the doctor ordered you I. Unfc ouiet ; and I am here to nurse you. fit ? Ay, I remember. That vile a.?Wfc tbmk of her : give your mind to get- . „ well . remember, there is somebody who SSdd break her heart if you " %h, my poor Bella I my sweet, timid, modest, . . oaiJa 1" He was so weakened, that he Wying - 0ri5L Somerset rose, and laid her forehead sadly nP«?Wby dcTl cry8for her, like a great baby?" muttered Sir Charles. " She wouldn't cry for me. gbe has cast me off in a moment." «Not she. It is her father's doing. Have fl little patience. The whole thing shall be ex- olained to them ; and then she will soon soften the old man. It iB not as if you were really to « jfo more I was. It is all that vile woman. 1 "Oh, don't ! She is so sorry ; she has taken it all to heart. She had once shammed a fit, on the very place; and when you had a real fit there— bn the very spot— oh, it was so fearful— and lay like one dead, she saw God's finger, and it touched her hard heart. Don't say anything more against her just now. She is trying so hard to be good. And, besides, it is all a mistake : she never told that old Admiral ; she never breathed a word out of her own house. Her own people have betrayed her and you. She has made me promise two things : to find out who told the Admiral ; and " "Well?" " The second thing I have to do— well, that is a secret between me and that unhappy woman. She is bad enough, but not so heartless as you think." Sir Charles shook his head incredulously, but said no more ; and, soon after, fell asleep. In the evening he woke, and found the Sister watching. She now turned her head away from him, and asked him quietly to describe Miss Bella Bruce te her. He described her in minute and glowing terms. " But oh, Sister," said he, " it is not her beauty only, but the beauty ef her mind. So gentle, so modeBt, so timid, so docile. She would never have had the heart to turn me off. But she will obey her father. She looked forward to obeyi ng me, sweet dove." " Did she say so ?" "Yes, that is her dream of happiness, to obey." The Sister still questioned him with averted bead, and he told her what had passed between Bella and him the last time he saw her, and all their innocent plans of married happiness. He told her, with the tear in his eye, and she listened, with the tear in hers. " And then," said he, laying his hand on her shoulder, " is it not hard ? I just went to Mayfair, not to please myself, but to do an act of justice, of more than justice : and then, for that, to have her door shut in my face. Only two hours between the height of happiness and the depth of misery." The Sister said nothing, but she hid her face in her hands and thought. The next morning, by her order, Polly came into the room, and said, " You are to go home. The carriage is at the door.'' With this she retired, and Sir Charles's valet entered the room sosn after to help him dresB. " Where am I, James ?" " Miss Somerset's house, Sir Charles." " Then get me out of it directly." "Yes, Sir Charles. The carriage is at the door/ "Who told you to come, James ?" " Miss Somerset, Sir Charles." " That is odd." " Yes, Sir Charles." When he got home, he found a sofa placed by a fire, with wraps and pillows ; his cigar-case laid out, and a bottle of salts, and also a small glass of old cognac, in case of faintness. " Which of you had the gumption to do all this ?" " Miss Somerset, Sir Charles." " What, has she been here ?" " Yob, Sir Charles." " Curse her !" " YeB, Sir Charles." chapteb the seventh " love lies bleeding." Bella Bruce was drinking the bitterest cup a young virgin soul can taste. Illusion gone — the wicked world revealed as it is, how unlike what she thought it was— love crushed in her, and not crushed out of her, as it might if she had been either proud or vain. , Frail men and women should see what a pas sionate but virtuous woman can suffer, when a revelation, af which they think but little, comes and blasts her young heart, and bids her dry up in a moment the deep well of her affection, since it flows for an unworthy object, and flows in vain. I tell you that the fair head severed from the ehaste body, is nothing to her compared with this. The fair body pierced with heathen arrows was nothing to her in the days of old compared with this. In a word — for now-a-days we can but amplify, and so enfeeble, what some old dead master of lan guage, immortal though obscure, has said in wordB of granite, here — " Love lny bleeding." No fainting-— no vehement weeping ; but oh, such deep desolation ; such weariness of life ; such a pitiable restlessness. Appetite gone ; the taste v, v almost lost ; sleep unwilling to eome ; and h, the torture of waking — for at that horrible moment, all rushed back at once, the joy that 7 been> the misery that waB, the blank that was come. She never stirred out, except when ordered, and 7\. !n went like an automaton. Pale, eorrow- ricken, and patient, she moved about, the ghost herself ; and lay down a little, and then and to1or a little, and then to read a little ; eBpCd 6ette not,biQg but sorrow, and deep Vlat she nur8ed 1" grief. She had been , e brave, and she tried. But her grief evr! ma?ler came welling through her 38 m a moment, of its own accord. sen 1! WUu d<?eply moj",ifitd too. But, in her « wife nature, anger could play but a secondary grief, and did little to bear her up, - Yet her sense of shame was vivid; andehe tried hard not to letfaer father see how deeply she loved the man , who had gone from < her to JHisa Somerset. Besides, he had orderedher to fight against a love that now could only degrade her he had ordered, and it was forhertjo obey. ' As soon eb Sir Charles was better, he wrote1 her a long humble letter, owning that, bpforo he knew her, he had led a free life; but assuring her that ever since that happy time, his; Jmart and his time had been solely hers ; as to his visit to Miss Somerset, it had been one.'of business .merely, and this be could prove, if she woii receive him. The Admiral could he present at that interview' and Sir Charles hoped to : convince him he had been somewhat hasty and /Harsh in his decision. Now the Admiral had foreseen sir Charles would write to her ; so he had ordered his to' bring all letters to bim first. He recognised Sir Charles's hand,, and brought the letter in to Bella. " Now, my child," said he, " be brave. Here is a letter from that man." ' "Oh, papa! I thought he would. I knew he would." And the pale face was flushed with joy and hope, all in a moment. " Do what ?" " Write and explain." " Explain ? A thing that is clear as sunshine. He has written to throw dust in your eyes again. You are evidently in no state to judge. J shall read this letter first." " Yes, papa," said Bella, faintly. He did read it, and she devoured his counte nance all the time. " There is nothing in it. He offers no real ex planation, but only Bays he Can explain, and asksforan interview — to play upon your weak ness. If I give you this letter, it will only make you cry, and render your task more difficult/ I must be strong, for your good, and set you an example. I loved this young man too : but, now I know him" — then he actually thrust the letter into the fire. But this was too much. Bella shrieked at tbe act, and put her hand to her heart, and shrieked again. " Ah! you'll kill us, you'll kill us both !" she cried. " Poor Charles ! Poor Bella ! You don't love yottr child — you have mo' pity." And, for the first time, her misery was violent. She writhed, and wept, and at last went into violent hysterics, and frightened that stout old warrior more than cannon had ever frightened him ; and presently she became quiet, and wept at his knees and begged his forgiveness, and said he was wiser then she was, and she would obey.rhim in every thing, only he must not be angry with her if she could not live. Then the stout Admiral mingled his tears with hers, and began to realise what deep waters of affliction his girl was wading in. . Yet he saw no way out, but firmness. He wrote to Sir Charles, to say that his daughter was too ill to write ; but that no explanation was possible, and no interview could be allowed. Sir Charles who, after writing, had conceived the most sanguine hopes, was now as wretched as Bella. Only, now that he was refused a hearing, he had wounded pride to support him a little under wounded love. Admiral Bruce, fearing for His daughter's health, and even for her life — she pined so visibly — now ordered her to divide her day into several occupations, and exact divisions , of time : an hour for this, an hour for that ; an hour, by tbe clock: and here he showed practical wisdom. Try it, ye that are very unhappy ; and tell me the result. As a part of this excellent system, she had to walk xound the square from eleven till twelve a.m. : but never alone : he was not going to have Sir Charles surprising her into an interview. He always went with her, and, as he was too stiff to walk briskly, he sat down, and she had to walk in sight. He took a stout stick with him — for Sir Charles. But Sir Charles was. proud, and stayed at home with his deep wound. One day, walking round the square, with a step of Mercury, and heart of lead, Bella Bruce met a Sister of Charity pacing slow and thoughtful ; their eyes met, and drank, in a moment, every feature of each other. The Sister, apparently, had seen the settled grief on that fair face ; for, the next time they met, she eyed her with a certain sympathy, which did not escape Bella. This subtle interchange took place several times, and Bella could not help feeling a little grateful. " Ah !" she thought to herself, "how kind religious people are ! I should like to speak to her." And, the next time they met, she looked wistfully in the Sister's face. She did not meet her again, for she went and rested on a bench, in sight of her father, but at some distance from him. Unconsciously to herself, his refusal even to hear Sir Charles repelled her. That was so hard on him, and her. It looked like throwing away the last chance, the last little chance of happiness. By and by the Sister came and sat on the same bench. Bella was hardly surprised ; but blushed high ; for she felt that her own eyes had invited the sym pathy of a stranger ; and now io seemed to be coming. The timid girl felt uneasy. The Sister saw that, and approached her with tact. " You look unwell," said she, gently, but with no appear ance of extravagant interest or curiosity. " I am — a little," said Bella, very reservedly. " Excuse my remarking it. We are por- fessional nurses, and apt to be a little officious, I fear." No reply. " I saw you were unwell. But I hope it is not serious. I can generally tell when the sick are in danger." A peculiar look. " I am glad not to see it in so young and — good a face." " You are young, too ; very young, and — (she was going to say " beautiful," but she was too 8hy) — to be a Sister of Charity. But I am sure you never regret leaving such a world as this is." " Never. I have lost the only thing I ever valued in it." " I have no right to ask you what that was." " You shall know without asking. One I loved proved unworthy." The Sister signed deeply, and then, hiding her face with her hands for a moment, rose abruptly, and left the square, ashamed, apparently, of having been betrayed into such a confession. Bella, when she was twenty yads off, put out a timid hand, as if to detain her ; but she had not 1 he courage to say anything of the kind. She never told her father a word. She had got somebody now, who could sympathise with her better than be could. Next day the Sister was there, and Bella bowed to her when she met her, » "»9&ts4iiie; it was the Bister who wentr-trad eat On the bench. , . \- Bellft continued her walk for borne rime, but at lost could not resist the temptation. She came ond sat down on the bench, and blushed; as much astp say, " I have the courage to come, Hot not to speak upon a certain subject, whioH shall be nameless.'1 ; The Sister, as may be imagined, waB not so shy. She opened a conversation. "I committed a fault yesterday. I spoke to you of myself, and of the past,: it is discouraged by our rules; We are bound to inquire the griefs of others, not to tell our own." This was a fair opening ; but Bella was too delicate to show .her wounds to a fresh acquaint ance. The Sister, having failed at that, tried some thing very different. " But I could tell you a pitiful case about another. Some time ago, I nursed a gentleman, whom love had laid on a sickbed." . " A gentleman ! What, can they love as we do ?" said Bella, bitterly. " Not many of them; but this was an exception. But I don't know whether I ought to tell these secrets to so young a lady." " Oh, yes — please — what else is there, in this world, worth talking about ? Tell me about the poor man, who could love as we can." . The Sister seemed to hesitate ; but, at last de cided to go on. " Well ; he was a man of the world ; and he had not always been a good man ; but he was trying to be. He had fallen iu love with a young lady, and seen the beauty of virtue, and was going to marry her, and lead a good life. But he was a man of honour j and there was a lady for whom he thought it was his duty to provide. He set his lawyer to draw a deed, and his lawyer ap pointed a day for signing it at her house. The poor man came, because his lawyer told him. Do you think there was any great harm in that " No ; of course not." " Well, then, he lost his love for that." Miss Bruce' 8 colour began to come and go ; and her supple figure to crouch a little. She said nothing. The Sister -continued — " Some malicious person went and told the young lady's father the gentler man was in the habit of visiting that lady, and would be with her at a certain hour. And so he was ; but it was the lawyer's appointment, you know. You seem agitated." ".No, no ; not agitated," said Bella, " but as tonished : it is so like a story I know. A young lady, a friend of mine, had an anonymous letter, telling her that one sHe loved and esteemed was unworthy. But what you have told me, shows me how deceitful appearances may be. What was . your patient's name ? " It is against our rules to tell that. ._But you said ' an anonymous letter ?' Was your friend so weak as to believe an anonymous letter ? The writer of sucH a letter is a coward, and a coward is always a liar. Show me your friend's anony mous letter. I may perhaps be able to throw a light on it." The conversation was interrupted by Admiral Bruce, who had approached them unobserved. " Excuse me," said he, " but you ladies seem to have hit upon a very interesting theme." " Yes, papa," said Bella. " I took the liberty to question this lady as to her experiences of sick beds, and she was good enough to give me some ofthem." Having uttered this with a sudden appearance of calmness, that first amazed the Sister, then made her smile, she took her father's arm, bowed politely and a little stiffly to her new friend, and drew the Admiral away. " Oh !" thought the Sister. " I am not to speak to the old gentleman. He is not in her confidence. Yet she is very fond of him : how she hangs on his arm. Simplicity ! — Candour ! — We are all tarred with the same stick, we women." That night Bella was a changed girl ; exalted and depressed by turns, and with no visible reason. Her father was pleased. Anything better than that deadly languor. The next day Bella sat by her father's side in the square, longing to go to the Sister, yet patiently waiting te be ordered. At last the Admiral, finding her dull and listless, said, " Why don't you go and talk to the Sister ? She amuses you. I'll join you when I have smoked this cigar." The obedient Bella rose, and went towards the Sister, as if compelled. But, when Bhe got to her, her whole manner changed ; she took her warmly by the hand, and said, trembling, and blushing, and all on fire, " I have brought you the anony mous letter." The elder actress took it, and ran her eye over it, an eye that now sparkled like a diamond. " Humph !" said she, and flung off all the dulcet tones of her assumed character, with mighty little ceremony. " This hand is disguised a little ; but I think I know it. I am sure I do. The dirty little rascal." " Madam !" cried Bella., aghast with surprise at this language. " I tell you I know the writer, and his rascally motive. You must lend me this for a day or two." " Must I ?" said Bella. "Excuse me! Papa would be so angry." " Very likely : but you will lend it to me, for all that ; for, with this, I can clear Miss Bruce's lover, and defeat his enemies." Bella uttered a faint cry, and trembled, and her bosom heaved violently. She looked this way and that, like a frightened deer. " But papa ? His eye is on us." " Never deceive your father !" said the Sister, almost sternly; "but," darting her grey eyes right into those dovelike orbs, "give me five minutes' start — if you bealiyiove SibChables Bassett." With these words, she carried off the letter ; and Bella ran, blusHing, panting, trembling, to her father, and clung to him. He questioned her, but could get nothing from her very intelligible, until the Sister was out of sight, and then she told him all without reserve. " I was unworthy of him to doubt him. An anonymous slander. I'll never trust appearances again. Poor Charles ! Oh my darling, what he must have suffered, if he loves like me." Thon came a shower of happy tears : then a shower of happy kisses. The Admiral groaned, but, for a long time, he could not get a word in. When he did, it was chilling. " My poor girl," said be, " this unhappy love blinds you. What, don't you see the woman is no nun, but some Bly hussj that man has sent to throw dust in your ejes ?" Nothing she could say prevailed to turn him from this view; and he acted upoit, with reaolu tion : he confined her excursions to a little garden at the back of the house, and forbade her, on any pretence, to cross the threshold. Miss Somerset came to the Square, in another disguise, armed with important information. But no Bella Bruce appeared to meet her. All this time, Richard Bassett was happy as a prince. So besotted was he with egotism, and so blinded by imaginary wrongs, that he rejoiced in the lovers' separation, rejoiced in his cousin's attack. Polly, who now regarded him almost as a lover, told him all about it, and already in anticipation he saw himself and His line once more lords of the two manors, Bassett and Huntercombe, on the demise of Sir Charles Bassett, Bart., deceased without issue. _ - . And, in fact, Sir Charles was utterly defeated. He lay torpid. But there was.a tough opponent in the way ; all the more dangerous that she was not feared. One fine day Miss Somerset electrified her groom, by ordering her pony carriage to the door ' at ten a.m. She took the reins on the pavement, like a man, jumped in light as a feather, and away rattled the carriage into the City. The ponies were all alive, the driver's eye keen as a bird's ; her courage and her judgment equal. She wound in and out among the huge vehicles with perfect composure : and on those occasions when, the traffic being interrupted, the oratorical powers were useful to fill up the time, she shone with singular brilliance. The West End is too often in debt to the City, but, in the matter of ohsffj it was not so this day ; for whenever she took a peck she returned a bushel : and so she rattled to the door of Solomon Oldfield, Solicitor, Old Jewry. She penetrated into the inner office of that worthy, and told him he must come with her that minute to Portman Square. " Impossible, madam !" And, as they say in the law reports, gave his reasons. " Certain, sir !" And gave no reas ons. He still resisted. Thereupon she told him she should sit there all day, and chaff his: clients one after another, and that his connection with the Bassett and Hunter combe estates should end. Then he saw he Had to do with a termagant, and consented, with a sigh. She drove him westward, winning every now and then at her close driving, and told him all, and Bhowed him what she was pleased to call her little game. He told her it was too romantic. Said he, " You ladies read nothing but novels ; but the real world is quite different from the world of novels." Having delivered this re monstrance, which was tolerably just, for she never read anything but novels and sermons, he submitted like a lamb and received her in structions. She drove as fast as she talked, so that by this time they were at Admiral Bruce's door. Now Mr. Oldfield took the lead, as per instruc tions. " Mr. Oldfield, Solicitor, and a lady — on business." The porter delivered this to the footman with the accuracy which-all who send verbal messages deserve and may count on. " Mr. Oldfield and lady." The footman who represented the next step in oral tradition, without which form of history the Heathen world would never have known that Han nibal softened the rocks with vinegar, nor the Christian world that eleven thousand virgins.dwelt in a German town the size, of Putney, announced the pair as " Mr. and Mrs. Hautville !" " I don't know them, I think. Well, I will fee them." They entered, and the Admiral stared a little, and wondered How this couple came together, the keen but plain old man, with clothes hanging on him, and the dashing beauty, with her dress in the height of the fashion, and her gauntleted hands. However, he bowed ceremoniously, and begged his visitors to be seated. Now the folding doors were ajar, and the soi disant Mrs. Oldfield peeped. She saw Bella Bruce at some distance, seated by the fire, in a reverie. J udge that young lady's astonishment, when she looked up and observed a large white well- shaped hand, sparkling with diamonds and rubies, beckoning her furtively. The owner of that sparkling hand soon heard a soft rustle of silk come towards the door ; the very rustle, somehow, was eloquent, and betrayed love and timidity, and something innocent, yet subtle. The jewelled hand went in again, directly. — From CasselVs Magazine, Melbourne agent : Geo. Robertson. (to be continued.) 