ODDS AND ENDS, Iiuikdeemaclu Bonus.— Vagabonds. . A Capital Business.— Londing money. , How many peas aro there in a pint? — Only ono p, Buroly. Tjik most Likolv Thing to booouio a Woman. -Why, a littlo girl. Lnjumous Porfnmo to a Beautiful Woman.— What is it you can tako without bauds 1— A hint. What do groat liars do whan they die ? They lio still. Can a ouil on the forohoad bo called 'Looko on the Understanding f Thk lurgost thing about ladies' bonuots at the prosont timo is their prico. A vookq lady recently tried to do up her back hair with a honey- comb to make It look 'sweot.' Wur do you oi-en a volume of Dr. Watla'a hymns ?— To boo Watt's inside. Tub Greatoab Bore in Creation.— Th« Mont Corn's Tunnel. How is it that young ladies during a wiltz novor resent being troubled by their partners'' whiskers ?— Because they know it is only a hop tickle delusion. Tub Liverpool Mercury BayB that an exhibitor of optical instruments in that town has an an nouncement in his window -that ' the invisible world' may be seen within for Id. New Style of Architecture. —Mrs. Malaprophas been Btaying in the country for a few days, at an old-faahioned house, all over Gabriels, with millions in the windows, GjrAn-MTNd. — A ladv of my acquaintance who goes out ' to do for a respectable families says that her work is called 'Charing' ironically, bcdauBO she never has time to sit down. Uali1 Price.— Donkey-boy : ' Now, then, Sir ! Donkey, Sir I 'S long as yer like for tuppence !' Ohild of Financial Mind : ' H'm. Will you let mo hat d half ia long aa I like for a penny V' Mrs. Malaprop was induced to go to a music hall the other evening. She novor means to set foot in ono again. The extortions some of the per formorfl throw themselves into quito upset her. ' How many aro there ov ye's down there V shouted an Irish ovenoer lo some men in a coal tilt. 'Five,' was tho answer. 'Well, then; half ov ye'o ctfme1 tip here.' A reoro who came near being drowned in being baptised scrambled ashore, and indignantly ex claimed, 'Some gonleman'll lose an eighteen hundred dollar nigger sometime by dia dam foolishness.' A Subject for Triumph.—' What have you been crying for, George V ' 'Coth Mamma wouldn't give me a thpunge-cake. 'coth I've gofc a thtnmmach-ache I' 'Ah ha ! I ve got a 'pnnge eaka and a 'tttmmach ache, too 1' Je(j 4'Eap'M*.— W« aro informed that the Rothschild family is about ' to celebrate the cen tenary of the banking home to which it owes its fortune.' Would it not bfl njote correct to des cribo the celebration as a Jewbileo 1 *' Hs, Bhh, It.'— Auntie : ' Well, Lucy, I suppose you're very pleased with the new baby ?' Lucy: 'No, I aWt!' Anntie: 'It will be such a nice little playfellow' for you !' Lucy : ' How can it be a playfellow wheu IV'b a girl!' Sincere It not Flattering.— Schoolmistress : ' Johnny, I'm ashamed of you ! When I was your ago I could read as well as I do now !' Johnny : 'Aw ! but yow'd a deffrent taycher to wotwe'm got I' We are Seves. —Charitable Youth: 'Yon seem to have a long family, my good woman !' Woman : ' Sure and that's tnte, yer honner ! There'd be seven of us, av two of 'am wasn't twins.' Just Sew.— Lady Visitor : ' You know what is meant by saying you are dust!' Child, 'No, m'm, please, I don't.' Curate: 'Pooh, pooh! you know your body is made-^-' Child: 'Oh, yes sir! Mrs. Pepper, the dressmaker, made my body, but I did the skirt myself.' ' Why don't you hold your head as I do ?',Baid an aristocrat to a sterling old farmer. 'Squire, was the reply, ' look at that field of grauf; You seo^ that all tho valuable heads are bowed down, while those heads that have nothing in them stand upright.' A weeping widower, whom death had de prived of hia fourth spouse, was asked by a neighbor, ' Noo, John, you've seen four wives awa', an' which o' them a' did you like best ?' ' 'Deed, Sanders,' replied John, ' if the first ane bad lived I wid never ha'e sochtanither.' Civic Wit.— Brown : 'I Bay, Jones, old fellow, when is an Alderman at dinner like a Ghost up a Tree 1 Give it up, ehl Well, then, old chap, it's whon ho's gobblin' up . a hash !' [Pokes poor Jones in the ribs, and exit, chuck ling.] Tub Force of Imagination. — Mrs. Muffin (after a 30 miles' ride by express): 'Muffin! ther'a something WTong, the passengers are getting out on the wrong side!' Muffin: ' Why, don't you Bee you're riding with your back to the engine. It's *-**--&**' ? «u^u. «?*.. i AJiMXtB. KV V41U \AUgUAO ; AX *. U known it, what a headache I should have had !' Save us from our Friends. — Directly Slowbury was ' engaged,' he received every post aprons ful of advertisement and tradesmen's circulars, and letters (apparently) from enterprising up holsterers, as i! the fact was known all over the town ! The annoyance, to one of his sensitive and retiring nature, may be imagined. A (Sood House.— City Man : 'Ah, Mont moroncy, how d'ye do? I'm jost going to get a snack— will you come 1' MontmorencyLardidard, Esq. (who likes to talk of hia aristocratic ac quaintances): 'Aw, thanks! just had lunch, aw! Marquis of Batterse3, aw !' City Man (who thought he knew all the luncheon-places): 'Ah, indeed !— whereabouts is that house 1' Happt Tuouqht. — Mistress (who had come down to seo about the boss voice she had heard in tho kitchen— Guardsman discovered): ' O, you doceitful girl, to say there was nobody here ! Anl after I'd given you distinctly to understand I didn't allow * followers ;' and here, you haven't boon here a week ? ' Cook : ' Lauks, M'm, it must be ono o* the follerora as tho last cook left bo'ind her 1' A School!! aster gave out one morning as a reading lesson to his first class, that portion of the ' ' Merchant of Venice' in which tho ' pound of tlesh' scene occurs. The reading finished, he askod the class what Shylock meant when he Baid, 'My deeds upon my head.' ' Well,' Baid tho tallest boy, 'I don't know, unless he carried his papers iu his hat.' A Showman in tbo State of Maine wanted to exhibit an Egyptian mummy, and attendod at tho court house to obtain permission. 'What is it you want to Bhow P* inquired the judge. 'An Egyptian mumray moro than 8)000 years old,' stud tho showman. ' Three thousand years old !' exclaimed tho judgo, jumping to his feet; ' and is tho critter alive I ' Hard labor.— Master (to caudidato for ad mission to school): ' What's your name?' Can didate : ' James O'Connor, Sir !' Master : ' Whore do you liyof' Caudidato : ' Number eight in tho Buildin's, Sir V Master : ' What docs your father do?' Candidate: 'Come 'omo an' whacks mother. Sir !' Master: 'Tut, tut ! That's sod ; but I mean what doos he work at?' Candidate: 'Oh, ho dont work. He stands at tho corner by tho public 'ouso !' At ono of tho railroad stations on tho Chicago and North-wostern railway, recently, an anxious inquirer came up to tho door of tho baggage-oar, and said, ' Is there anything for me!1 After boiuo search among boxes and trunks tho bag gage-man rolled out a kog of whisky, ' Anything moro V asked tho wot-grocer. ' Yes,' said the baggageman ; ' tboro's a gravestone that goes with that liquor.' The couutenanco of tho wet grocer assumed & wrathy appcarauco, and tlio car door was shut with a slam. Shttmno a Bilii. — Pour sharpers having treated tbeuisolvos to a sumptuous diuner at the Hotol Montrcuil, wore at a loss to kuow how to Bottle for it. aud bit upon the following plan :— They called tho waiter, and askod for tho bill. Ono thrust his band into his pocket, as if to draw out his purso; tho second prevented him, declaring ho would pay ; tho third did tho same, Tho fourth forbauo tho waiter taking auy monoy from either of thorn, but all thrco porsisted. As none wotold yield, one said, 'tho bost way to decide is to blindfold the waitor, and whoever ho firat catches shall sottlo tho bill.' This proposition was acco^tod, and while the waiter was groping kin way :uonnd the room, they Blipped out of tho house, oua after Another. 