COUNTRY NEWS. On Lake Connewarre there are thirty swivel guus, and last season each party shot on the averago 5000 ducks. From the Geeiony Advertiser we learn that oyster culture in Corio Bay is progressing very favorably. Now that Swan Bay is open to tho fisher men of Qucenscliff, it is estimated that £2000 worth of fish can bo taken out every six months. . . . " A man named Camortm is missing from the Eunonyareengah run. As ho knew the run well it is thought ho must bo drowned, as his hat was found near a dam. Mr. Charles Yeo's magnificent imported Clydesdale sire Westliorn died on Friday last at Woodstock Fark. The horse was i u.. \f„ fret purvuittuu ujr mi. AW IVI <viv«. t f The tirst consignment of this seasons wool passed through Pleasant Crock on Thursday last. Tho loads were from tho Wimiuera district aud tho clip is fully up to tho average. The machinery, plant, &o.;» or the Oriental Company, Clunes, was sold by tho sheriff on Wednesday, loth September, for £500, to Mr. Oswald, of ihe National Bank of Aus tralasia, Clunes. Wa«ga Wagga was visited lately with a emart'shook o t an earthquake. The shock was also felt at Gobbaguinbalin, Wantabad- gero, larcuua, anu omer piaoua xu i>uo borheoil. . ' A girl named Sophia Lawless, at Quean- boyau, has been committed for trial tor in cendiarism and larceny. Her employer gave hor a good character when she was before tried for larcony, and said that he would be willing to take her into hi3 service again when she came out of gaol. He did so, and for his reward had nearly, all tho valuable goods iu his house stolen by Lawless, aud his house afterwards burnt. The Lai Lai ghost has resolved itself (says the Ballarat Courier, I6th September) into a tangible Bubstance, in tho shape of an in-, former in a Bly grog case, partly heard at the Buninyong police court yesterday. It appears that, alter indulging in its freaks, the ghost repaired to a shanty kept by G. Caple for a drink, and yesterday tho delin quent appeared before the court to answer' a charge of selling liquor without a licence. The case was remanded. a i n il a _ - Knl An T?rihir ill .onuarab a uicuuug nom vu night in support of the Permissive Bill. Resolutions in favor of the measure were unanimously carried. .Iu moving a voto of thanks to tho chair, Mr. James, ML. A., said that Mr. W. C. Smith iutondod to stand by tho bill now before Parliament, what ever ho might loao er whatever he might win; Mr. Smith had not voted for the bill before because ho was accidentally, away when the division took plaoe. A bottle was picked np on the boach be tween Capes Neison and Bridgowater on' the 11th inst. containing (states the Portland Guardian) a paper with the following notifi cation : — North German barque Wilhelm, from Hamburg to Bangkok, all woll, 103 days at sea. Lat. 36 (leg. IS min. S., and long." 89 deg. 47 min. E., the 9th of Marob, 1869— Charles Langhold. Will the finder please -send this paper stating wnen ana where found to tho North Gorman Observa tory, Hamburg." ; _ . , Tlie mining boards are getting alarmed a the disappearance of timber from tho lauds of the colony. At the last meeting of the Ararat mining board tho following resolu tion was carried : — "That. the board ileum it advisable that action should be taken in order to reserve tracts of timber country, in the various divisions of the Ararat mining district, aud to further such object the meim bera of the Beaufort division be requested to visit in their own neighborhood such suitable localities as they may deem fit, aiid to havo power at the local land board to object to the alienation of such suitable reserves." 