ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. SWaN hill. (To the Editor of the Riverine Herald.) Sir,—My attention having been drawn to a£ letter of Dr Gnmmow, published some time since in your paper, and to a reply of the Rev. J. Bentley Reid. I think it right to certify that the former contains a correct statement of the arrangement proposed by me, ami agreed to by Mr Officer, when I was at Swan Hill—viz, that the Presbyterians should have the use of our church for their own Sunday morning service, and that Dr Gnmmow should continue to conduct the Church of England evening service, and Mrs Gummow her school, as before. Of couiae out1 Presbyterian brethren were at liberty, if they did not approve of this arrangement, to conduct their services and Sunday school elsewhere ; but they had no ground of complaint agaiust ua for not altering it to suit their wishes; Our conduct towards them has been throughout frank and friendly.— -Your obedient servant, C. MELBOURNE. Bishopscourt, November 3. (To the Editor of the Riverine Herald). Sib,—My letter of the 13th ult. was intended not to give offence or hurt the feelings of anyone, but merely to correct certain misstatements then circulating in the district, ntnl to which my attention was cdlled by a gentleman, who, after perusing the correspondence in my possession, expressed himself much pleased at having done so, as it placed matters altogether in a very different light, and he considered the Church of England authorities were quite exonerated froni any blume. It appears, however, Mr Raid, the Presbyterian minister, has taken my remarks as applicable to himself, by replying (in the opinion of many who know the true state of nffaira) in ah undignified tone and inconsistent with his position as a minister of the Gospel. I will treat his re|ly as a letter deliberately written, and no: a speech. I *ill neither descend to imitate Mr Re:d by retaliating in a similar style, nor will I have recourse to his mode of procedure in any way whatever; my desire being only to refute certain statements, and explain others which I think require it—passing over the rest as idle and unworthy of notice for various reasons. It is gratifying, however, to find Mr Reid has had the candour to admit publicly that the Presbyterians "preferted leaving the building altogether,'' which admission is all I have been seeking for. Mr Reid asks, " When dfd we proclaim our intention of occupying the church altogether?' He told it openly to me, and also, I am informed, gave notice from the pulpit, that he would hoi i service every Sunday, morning and evening. The next question he onks is " Why did he not say ao the first Sabbath ?" Simply because there was no occasion for it. Mr Keid after morning service visited a station, in accordance with tha then existing instructions and arrangements, and our Sunday school and evening service were concluded as formerly, " the famous Messenger '1 alluded to by Mr Reid is ''The Church of England Messenger," a copy of which (not its " ghost"), containing the conditions of the use of the church granted by the Bishop, was pl&ced; in the hands of Mr Rc-id and Mr Officer in the presence of each other in my house, and their attention especially drawn to the particular part referred to. This took place on the morning of the appointment of their committee, and it was again shown to Mr Reid on the morning of the 16th September. The remarks of Mr Reid regarding the Church of England Sunday school deserve especial notice. It is reported by him ' that only 18 out of 45 children attended, whereas previous to Mr Reid's arrival nearly every girl and boy old enough attended, and (>n the first Sunday Mr Reid preached in the morning 35 'children attended the school in the afternoon, " which number represented a fair average generally attending. Twenty of these 35 children have been removed (o the Presbyterian School, and this number Mr Keid includes in his remarks as having " formerly attended no school " The echo"!, moreover, was instituted by the Rev J. Kadcliff, Church of England clergyman, in November, 1863, and has since continued to he under church management without interruption or intermission. Surely Mr Reid must have been sadly misinformed. I have never heard of any one objecting to the Presbyterians Iming a school of their own And the church has never desired more from the Presbyterians than to he permitted to pursue and continue, without molestation or interference, those duties which were enjoined by its Bishop, commenced and successfully carried out with much encouragement during many years prior to Mr Reid's appearance in this township.— I am, Sir, yours, B. W. GUM MOW. 