FALSE MIRACLES. The last tract of the so-called " Catholic Truth Society " is a genuine specimen of the hardihood of Romanism in trafficking in lies. It is an account of the last false miracle which the superstition of Rome has given out to the world to bring honour and glory to the holy Virgin. The story is of this sort : The scene is laid in the distant country of Liege, in Belgium — " that land of deep and dark and unques tioning Popery." The chief actor in the affair is an "ignorant girl," who is said to' have been particularly dull and stupid. She is the daughter of a poor man living in Lourdes. She is very devoted to her prayers, and is particularly fond of her beads. Her igno rance and her devotion are in relation to each other. She hardly ever plays — her pleasure is praying to the Virgin. She makes no progress in learning '; she has no taste for school, but she is so marvellously devout that her playmates and sisters mock at her for her praying so much. She wanders out one day with her sisters and others in search of wood. They wan der on and on till they come to a cave, a stream, and a bush growing in the cave, across the stream. The ignorant girl suddenly falls upon her knees, begins to pray and count her beads, looks stead fastly to the cave, emits a strange light from her countenance, and remains fixed as in a trance for some considerable time. Afterwards she rises, tells her companions that she has seen a vision — a " beautifui lady," with coloured di- ess, who made signs to her, and the beautiful lady rested with her feet on the bush. The priest, her parents, the magistrates, and the public hear of the vision. Some doubt — some believe. Hundreds of the people go to the p-LUWO OOU UUC gill WllgclgiUg lU 11131 UCVU" tion. They see nothing of " the lady ; " but when the giil comes she falls into a trance, says her prayers, counts her beads, shines in the face, &c.; This continues for some time, and thousands of the people go with the girl to the place to see " the lady ; " but they never get a sight qf her iqx in the cave, burning with bright ness, and standing on the bush. At last, when the priest is converted, and the magistrates and thousands of the people, the girl is invited by " the lady " to cross the stream, to scrape away the earth, and behold, when she has scraped the earth away, water begins to floxv — water which has miraculous power ; and the " lady " tells the girl to ask the priest to build a chapel or a grotto at the place — and the lady is no other than the beautiful and blessed Virgin ! Such is the substance of the stoiy. It is craftily told, even day and date are given and the wonderful patience of the Friest and the authorities in verifying and testing every circumstance duly applauded ; and then there is an account of the wonderful cures which this " holy water" has effected on the sick and diseased. One Bishop is reported as having written to the Romish paper, The Tablet, published in London, giving an account of the marvellous power of the holy water from the well of " Our Lady of Lourdes," in the case of two religious in one of the Convents. One of them had an injured leg and was all over with sores, and nothing could cure her. The other was diseased in the spine, and she too Avas incuxrable. They were sad and miserable victims of pain and affliction. They yere praying and making Novenas for relief ; and by chance they came to hear of the miraculous water of the grotto of " Our Lady of Lourdes." Accordingly, they sent for two bottles of it. On the road' one bottle broke, but the other was safe. When the bottle arrived the religious had just finished a Novena, and they saw the signet on the bottle of " Our Lady of Lourdes," so that they knew that it was genuine holy water from the well ! The one Sister who was all over with sores, and whose leg was shrunk, no sooner took a glass of the water than she sprang from her bed, and jumped and leapt about like a young hart in the mountains ! The other also no sooner applied the water thaxx she was cured in her body, bui her weak ness of spine was not perfectly put right ! All this, then, is gravely told by Mx. J. K. Heydon, the pervert to Romanism, and is given to the colony as " Catholic Truth." This, Mr. Heydon, and a quon dam Reverend but now Mr. Cutclifp, another pervert to Romanism, certify to the colony as " Catholic truth," and as another proof that "mixacle3" are still with the Romish Church. We do not doubt that it is " Catholic truth ;" for such gross and impudent lying is the only " truth" which deserves that name ; and it is instructive that two perverts axe the principal hands in circulating such lying wonders for true miracles I We shall add another " miracle" ascribed to the waters of „" Our Lady of Lourdes," and which appeared in our paper of May 28tlx, 1870. The case was that of an old man of fifty years of age. He had been gradually wasting away for years and could not be cured. The disease from which he was sufering was softening of the spine, and paralysis of the legs. One day he sent his brother to buy for him " an amusing book," The brother, wonderful fact, bought a book called " Our Lady of Lon- des." The sick patient had that very, day finished a novena ! Lying on his bed, and having given up all hope of recovery, he read the book with great interest. Aa he read he heard within him a voice, say ing, "You too will be cured." So he sent for a bottle of the holy water, he drank a glass of it, he was rubbed with some of it from " head to foot." As the holy water passed over the region of the heart, the poor patient fainted, and groaned like a dying man. But the faithful brother, who had brought tho bottle, continued to rub with the holy water, praying — " Our Lady of Louxdes, pray for us." Then, " all of a sudden the patient rose up in his bed, put one foot on the ground, then the other, and he began to walk, about, exclaiming, ' You see that the blessed Virgin is Almighty ; you see that we must love and honour her ; you see that the wicked are all im postors It is with such wretched stuff as this that the Catholics of Sydney are fed by the " Catholic Truth Society." With these miserable impostuxes the Heydons and the Cutcliffs prove their enormous capacity for swallowing lies. Intelligent Romanists must be ashamed of such super stitious drivelling. Every one will see at a glance the Mariolatry of this deceit. Yes, these lying wonders are palmed upon the credulous fox the purpose of commend- the worship of ." Our Lady." These priests and perverts will disgrace themselves to honour the blessed Virgin. The will com pass sea and land to make one proselyte. Nor will they stick at so small a thing as that of calling Mary " Almighty," and claiming fox her tho love and honor which are due to one who is Almighty ! Is it any wonder that Popery thrives where there is such manifest lying and Mary worship printed and circulated as Catho lic Truth ! But we accuse Mr. Heydon, Mr. Cut- cliff, and their confreies in the Catholic Truth Society, who published such rub bish, and profess to believe in such false miracles ; — we accuse them before the whole colony, before the priests of St, . Mary's, and before the thousands of poor creatures who will believe anything, how ever absurd and idolatrous, so long as it has the sanction of the Church ;" we accuse these precious gentle men of unbelief in their own statements, unless they forthwith send for some bottles of the wonderful water of "Our Lady of Lourdes," that its miraculous power may be tested in Sydney, in the case of poor patients in the Sydney Infirmary, or even in St. Vincent's Hospital. We challenge these gentlemen to make good their statements, and to make proof of their faith in their own tract, by sending for some bottles of the miraculous water. We hereby offer a sum to the extent of £50 for every patient in the Sydney Infirmary who shall be found to have been cured by the miraculous water of Our Lady of Lourdes. This will be ample as a speculation. .If there be truth in the " Catholic tract," the specula tion will pay Mr. Heydon far more hand somely than " Holloway's Pills." It will be a sure fortune to him. Father Shee and Father John might help in the undertaking. Fortunately there will not be any ad valorem duty on their importa tion. If the seal of "Our Lady of Lourdes" be on the bottles and cases, Mx. W. A. Duncan, as a good Romanist, Avill recog nise themark at once, and not mistake itfor that of brandy or schnapps. And oh ! be sides the profit in the shape of money which will flow to the Church from the use of the holy water of " our Lady of Lourdes," what praise, what credit, what gloxy, what crowds of converts, what crushing of heretics, what extingushing of Orange Lodges, what breaking up of Protestant Standards, will follow, when " our Lady of Lourdes" shall be honoured also and loved as "our Lady of Sydney," in' the cure of all the sick in Macquarie-street, and the speedy conversion of the Infirm ary premises. Nightingale wing and all, into a new " Holy Mary's Convent," with Miss OSBURN at its head ! Ridicule is too good for this last effort of infatuated men to impose upon the ignorance and superstition of the people. The whole story of the miracles is so ihani- festly false that we are not more astonish- at the effrontery of the publication than at the puerility of the fabrication. The " risum teneatis ?" may justly be put at every new circumstance in the developing quackery ; but with all our ridicule we are serious in our challenge, and the money consideration is sufficiently tempting to put novena makers on their metal far a paying speculation in holy water. ,Thb Wish was Father to that Thohoht, Hah ! — Our funny friend the Freeman, the organ I of the combined forces of Priests and Fenians, ; felicitates himself upon the downfall of the Church of England, under the heading "The last of the Anglicans." "That Church," (let her members be gratified by such a handsome testimony to her glory) " has been," says our ; friend, " the bulwark of the Reformation." Yet strange to say, he pretends to think that she must now fall, because she has emphatically declared by her highest courts that the princi ples of that Reformation must be maintained by every one of her sons. Mr. Voysey taught from his pulpit the infidelity which Stylites preaches here ; — the courts of the Church of England de cide that he must teach his infidelity elsewhere — may come and help Stylites if he pleases, but she will have none of him. Mr. Purchas and Mr. Machonochie made Popish mass houses of their churches — the courts have, with equal politeness, said to these gentlemen and their following, we are Protestants — if you wish to be Popish go to your own place. By this, Freeman says, the Church has sealed her own destruc tion. Now, while there was a doubt of her truth and honesty of purpose in cleaving to the Reformed faith, there was danger — and there ought to be ; — but to cast out the evil, is to save, not to destroy. We know what Freeman means. Those few who have been the enemies of the Church within it, now that they find themselves unable to maintain their ground there, have threatened to side with Romanists and political Non-conformists outside, so as to attempt her disestablishment and disendowment. Well, what then ? What if they succeed? Have dis establishment and disendowment so weakened the Church of Ireland as to offer any colour of hope to the Papists to destroy it — has there been any better hope since for the inclusion of ritualists and infidels. Would not the English Church, if disendowed, make much shorter work of these parties — insignificant little coteries like parasites on the great body, than the courts of law have done ! Freeman may depend upon it, that he has the wrong end of the telescope to his eye ; that whatever the State may do, the the strength of this Church of the Reformation grows every day : that these decisions have given that strength an irresistible force; that they gather to her others long hesi tating ; that the confidence of her true sons and the alliances of the other great Protes tant churches who are with her in faith, are better to her than a few shallow Ro- manizers and infidels, and that her future stand is on the neck of Popery. Freeman seems like all his sort, wonderfully ignorant of the facts he writes on. He says the Privy Council is the highest authority in the Church of England on all points, spiritual as well as temporal, and ' writes as if some new doctrine is proclaimed. Now the Privy Council can propound no doc- arine or law— temporal or spiritual. As a law court it has simply to take the formularies of the Church, and decide whether the accused has or has not been guilty of infringing them. The law and the doctrine have been the same all along. The Inspiration op Holy ScRiprnnE.— We have received and read with much pleasure, the Jublished lecture on this subject by the Rev. ohn Graham. Its judicious tone is likely to clear the argument of the Christian against the Deist of a vast weight of perfectly useless encumbrance which he often allows too epily to beset him. Reducing the whole ques tion of inspiration to the moving of the mind of the authoi's by the Holy Ghost, and their guid ance by Him into all thruth, -and ignoring, or at all events treating as non-essential, the supposi tion of the very ipsissima verba of these authors being dictated, we' only lay aside an artifical and unnatural appendage of the warrior ; aud leave his sword free. What the Prophets nnLl of themselves ; what the Psalmist said of him self; what Christ or the Apostles said of the Old Testament writers, and of themselves, and of each other, is plainly this, " Spake as they were moved — to me alone — by the Holy Ghost." But their instrument of teaching was human language which they had in common with those they taught, and that language could not be an adequate mstrument, if it had not been the ordinary one belonging to the people — if it had not been perfectly human. We are not disposed to take exception to anything in a lec ture which is calculated to he of much use, especially since the author disarms us at the out- . set by acknowledgment of haste. Perhaps on a . . revision, Mr. Graham would himself think this one passage relating to the amount of inspira tion capable of being modified. "As to the amount of Divine operation on the writers' minds, we should expect it to be just adequate to the objects of inspiration, neither more or less. Not less, for the Divine resources are in- lluite ; not more, for in the visible works of God we find a wise economy of resource, so that nothing is squandered in needless profusion. " The word " objects" in that paragraph was of course hastily put for " ends." The objects of inspira- tion were first those inspired, andmterwardsthose they taught. But it seems to be the fact that in the visible works of God the rule is not " a wise economy of resourse," and much appears to bo "squandered in useless profusion.'' The ova of a simple codfish wo ild people whole seas, if all came to maturity. One seed in a myriad timea a myriad does not germinate. The heat of the sun reaches a few planets, mere dots in the great sphere of which he is a centre, and of these only one is known to bo certainly in habited, but the vast mass of his force passes off into space apparently to no end. Profusion is the rule. Then in the atonement of Christ we Bee an infinite effect, and what would be sufficient for the inhabitants of a thousand universes applied to each soul as necessary. Mr. Graham gives a very suggestive sketch of the wonderful distance in kind, and in degree between the Holy Scripture, and all other so called sacred- teaching, which had better he read in the pamphlet, which we commend to our reader's perusal. Catholic Ttdth Society. We find that this Bociety, which circulates those peculiar tracts for disabusing our Protestant minds of their Btrange notions respecting Romanism, has had a meeting addressed by Messrs. Heydon and Cut- cliffe. Wo wonder do Romanists really know the reasons which so strongly convinced the latter gentleman of the beauty of Popery. Is Goulburn too far away to enquire ? Are those causes sv ch as to make it creditable to their religion to put him forward as a prominent champion ? The Church's Mission. — It cannot he of con sequence to any spiritually- minded man how God forms life; whether all living things, as Professor Huxley affirms, and may indeed prove, have an infinitesimal germ of life, which is the same in a moss as it is in a man ; but it concerns a man to know whether that moss be poisonous, as regards his own life here, and whether he may be miserably corrupt as concerns his life hereafter. Upon the tomb of the danghter of Shakspere is a phrase common with the Puritans of that ago, and not unknown, — Witty above her sex,- hut that's not all — Wise to salvation, was good Mistress Hall. What the Church has to do, is to make men like this Puritan daughter of the great poet, because in making them wise she makes them good; a dishonest man, a dealer in false weights, false measures, false words, and false deeds, cannot be good ; a really good and religious man cannot he a cheat and a rogue. A good tree does not bring forth corrupt fruit. Let the Church proclaim this ; let it distinctly set its face against the dishonest rich : let it comfort the poor and afflicted, and preach the old, old lessons, following ont the old paths, and stand ing in the old ways, and the World will be a weakling as its oxiponent. Science a giant as its ally. But, above all, let it have courage to speak out, and never make the mistake of lotting honest industry starve, unchaining the persecu tor, the bigot, and the idolater, and calling the license of the Devil " freedom of opinion" and "religions liberty." Yes, freedom of opinion is very well here ; but it is very had where a little difference sends a bullet through a landlord's head, and' makes his wife a widow, and his children orphans ; and religious liberty which condemns evcryborly except one sect, appears to us very much like religious tyranny. Bat then we have the millennium coming, say some soft-brained people. ' ' All the millenniums that I ever heard of heretofore," says Carlyle, "were to be preceded by the chaining of the Devil for a thousand years, laying him up, tied neck and heels and put beyond stirring, as a preliminary." This, then, is no millenninm that is upon ns ; for be sure our xjhilanthrapists would petition for a ticket of leave for Beelzebub, and would let loose Apollyon with a soft smile of self- righteous pity, and then quarrel about the orna ments of Church service. What wonder, then, if the Church becomes somewhat ridiculous in' the eyes of the world ? But Honesty, wliich is firm. Faith, which is courageous and strong, and Righteousness, which is pleasant and beautiful, — these are not ridiculous ; these the World reverences and worships ; these are the hand maids of the Church, these her advanced guard, if she will only throw away the masquing habit of fashion and folly which she now wears, and, strong and erect, march forth upon her path of freer and more glorious development. — Family Herald. The Gospel in Mexico. — Signer Romero, a Mexican Pastor, a convert from Romanism, thus writes : — " In spite of the obstacles that the Gospel cause meets in Mexico, there are now twenty-three Evangelical congregations in the city and valley of Mexico alone, and an equal, or still larger number, in the rest of the republic. The middle class, and above all, the people, listen with fervour and enthusiasm to the Xireaching of the Gospel. Our pamphlet tracts have been circulated throughout the land ; and from different parts of the vepubli% applications are made to the Synod, organized in the city of Mexico, with the view of directing the Evan gelical work, asking for Gospel ministers and missionaries." The Gospel in Canada. — The converted Priest and zealous reformer, Pastor Chiniquy, is prose cuting his labours among the French Romun Catholic Canadians with encouraging success. This has stirred up the wrath of the zealous followers of the Pope to such a pitch, that while Father Chiniquy was preaching in Montreal, they burned his church and schoolhouso at St. Ann's, Eanakee. The Wind and the Whirlwind. — An enorm ous multitude, composed principally of the Roman Catholic working men of Dublin, assembled on Monday, 26th December, to wit ness the ceremony of unveiling a statue which has been erected in honour of Smith O'Brien— a convicted traitor. No Romish Bishop or Priest Was present. Those astute gentlemen are be ginning to discover that the reaistap.ce to lawful authority, in which they have trained the people, is now beginning to be used against themselves. In the course of the proceedings, a letter from a notorious northern demaeocue was read, denouncing "Cullen, Spencer, O'Hagan & Co.," along with "English tyranny and Roman priestcrafts," as the ''twin curses of Ireland." The hierarchy and priesthood of Ireland have laboured long and diligently to " sow the wind," and they " must reap the whirlwind." The Italian Parliament and Pope. — Our readers will recollect the overwhelming majority by which the people of Italy in the late Plebi- scitum, voted for the destruction of the Pope's sovereignty. The vote of the people has since been ratified by the Italian Parliament. The numbers were : — Against the Pope's Sover eignty, 329 ; for, 20- Another heavy blow has been dealt to the Pope by the present govern ment of France, which has expressed its inten tion to abrogate the Concordat, thereby cutting off the Papal exchequer an annual subsidy of be tween forty and fifty millions of francs ! Truly the Popish kingdoms are stripping the harlot Church, making her naked and desolate, eating her fiesh aud burning her with fire. To add to the Pope's troubles, we learn that an association of priests has been formed in Italy, the charac ter and object of which is thus described in the Olobe newspaper : — "A new Association has re cently been formed in Italy by the anti-Jesuit party among the Romish clergy, under the title of the National Society for the Emancipation and Mutual Assistance of the Italian Priesthood. The principles of its members are best explained by the declaration which all who join the Society are required to take, in favour of the Reformation of the Romish Church, in accord ance with its original institution, and of the unity and independence of Italy, with .me for its capital. The chief seat of the Association is at Naples, where it is represented in the press by the JSmancipatore Caltolico, to which, during the sitting of the Council, a series of remarkable articles was contributed by Father Passaglia, under the signature of " Un Teologo Romano." It numbers, however, many members, in all the provinces of the kingdom ; and the views which it advocates will probably be found, now that the frowns of the Vatican have lost half their terrors, to be far more widely disseminated among the Italian clergy than is generally be lieved." A Catholic University in Sydney. — a great discovery has been m -de by a great Uomish agitator in Irelaml, who, when showing the necessity of giving government aid to the Ultramontane Bishops in their design of getting the contract of education, shows them Sydney as an example. " In Sydney," said Mr. Riley, at Waterford, "the Catholics have a University endowed by the government of Australia." Ah ! no Mr. Riley, we have not sunk quite so low as that. We do dig uxi corpses which we have consiguecl to the earth with the most holy rites, — but we take bettor care of our youth than that. John Mitchel's Testimony.— Mr. Gladstone's message of peace to Ireland — i.e., the disestab lishment of the Irish Church, was ox)posud on the ground that it relieved nobody who wanted to be relieved— andthe tenants wouldbeno better off than before. Any one who knew anything of political economy, could see that farms would fetch the rent they are worf.h — and that rent will be ruled by the autiou or reaction of supply and demand, irrespective of what the landlord may pay as rent charge. Mr. John Mitchcl, the rebel who broke his parole of honour in Tasmania, it seems, could say so, too, he reckons this disestablishment as one of the causes of the disaffection of the Irish now. "Thev are ex- asperated beyond measure at the late fraudulent pretence of disestablishing a church and reform ing laud tenure ; knowing as they do that the said disestablishment docs not relievo one farmer in Ireland of one penny of tithe, or other burden, aud that whatever is taken from the clergy goes to the English Government, that is — to the enemy. ... So that their disaf fection (thank God) is worse than ever." — (New York Irish Citizen.) Wo commend this to Mr. Gladstone. Man's descent from a Kangaroo.— Such is the grave statement of Mr. Darwin in his last vol ume. He traces the Descent of Man from some marsupial creature, who was descended from an amxihibian, who again came from a fish, who again came from a tadpole. Ho goes no further — but a drop of dew, or a pnff of air, was likely the original. It is hopeless to ask what was the progenitor of this. Mr. Darwin fairly aoknow- icdges the likelihood of jieople laughing at and resenting all this trash ; but he says, " anyone who has seen a savage " will find no difficulty. We must say we have seen many, and we find the difficulty not at all less. Tub Mai'quis of Hartiugton's xiroposed motion for the appointment of a Secret Committee has naturally excited much remonstrance aud oppo- aitiou on the part of all those who believe cither that the institution of a secret inquiry is uncon stitutional, or that it would be useless. Not since the famous "Delicate Inquiry" of I81S has such an expedient been adopted by. any Government, and then the subject matter ef in vestigation was one that almost required secrecy. In the present instance, however, the question is one of public notoriety — viz., the state of cer tain counties in Ireland as regards agrarian out rages. By the very projiosal the Govornmerit confess the utter failure of the efforts they have made during the last two years for the ex tinguishment of Irish discontent. The Church Act, and the Land Act, while they have in flicted all the injury which Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues could possibly , have intended on the most estimable classes in the country, have totally failed to conciliate the disafiocted, or to pacify the turbulent and lawless. This is a re sult foreseen aud expected by every intelligent man in Ireland, but the representations and arguments of all such were disregarded or des pised. Yet now that the pamijeriug and dis loyalty has increased its violence and audacity, we have the Marquis of Hartingtoii, on the pari of the Government, approaching the subject of agrarian murders in Westmeath "with feelings of dismay." The betrayed, despoiled, and in sulted Protestants of Ireland have throughout regarded the Government legislation of the past two sessions "with feelings of dismay" with mingled indignation. They well knew that the alleged grievances which that legislation pro- tal, or wore proper restraints on the worst and most ignorant part of the community ; and the proof of the correctness of their views is to be found in the continuance of agrarian outr.age and sectarian animosity. In the House of Commons last night. Lord Hartington, in moving the ap pointment of a Committee of Inquiry, denied that hereby the Government w.as desirous of throwing their own responsibilities on the House. Ho deprecated the idea that the Com mittee must necessarily conduct allits operations in secret, but th.at it should have the xiower of Bitting with closed doors on particular occasions. Strangely enough, while he and Mr. Fortescue dwelt on the great improvement in the state of Ireland, due, of course, to Liberal legislation, the appointment of a Select Committee was jus tified on account of the terrorism that e.xisted in sever.al impoi'tant countries. Mr. Disraeli taunted the Government with the brG.ak-down of the Irish policy, and asked was the end of their measures of confiscation, sacrilege, aud condonation of high treason to bo a confession of utter inability to do th.at which the right honor able gentleman at the head of the Government was supposed to be alone ciipiible of doing— viz., to regenerate Ireland ? The debate having been adjourned, we are not in a position to speak positively as to its result, but the feeling of the House so far seems to be against the Govern ment. Mr. Gladstone will, of course, seek to demonstrate the advisability of appoiutiug the Committee in question, so that Government may obtain information which it otherwise could not get. If wa do not dwell strongly on the un usual, and perhaps unconstitutional, nature of the powers thus demanded, it is only because we feel that any remedy for the frightful condi tion of the country would be a blessing far too groat to be relinquished from mere parliamen tary cunsiuerations. But wiU this Committee, or any Committee, have the least power to dis cover the real perpe raters of the crimes that have so disgraced Ireland? How can land owners and magistrates and xioiiue disclose to the Government facts of which they themselves are totally ignorant, .and of which the peasantry- take good care that they shall remain ignorant ? The cause of these agrarian outrages lies deeper ; they have their rise in the hearts and feeling-s of the people, whoso sympathies are all against the law and with the i.aw-breakcr. Until the lower orders of our countrymen be taught to obey constituted authority, and to reverence human life, in other words, till their education be totally reversed, Committees, cipeu or soorot, proclam.-vtions or coercion acts will be quite use less to restore jiuaee or give prosperity to Ire land. — Saunders News Letter, Dublin. — Thin Committee was sitting when the mail loft, and with closed doors. — Ed. P. S. Erratum. — Some mistakes occured in print ing the report of No. 3 Derry Lodge, in our last,. Instead of " Chaplain, Brother Dr. Grey," read " Chaidain." For "Protestant 'Training Institution," toward the end, read "the latter," meaning the Infirmary. 