MR.' M'COLL'S CANDIDATURE. Mil. Dickason has no doubt as to the validity of Mr. M'Coll's election should ho poll a sufficient number of votes. Mr. Dickason thinks his knowledge of law and his interpretation of Acts of Parliament superior to Mr. Casey's, and he assures tho electors that there is 110 danger of their votes being thrown away upon Mr. M'Coll. Wo hope this gentleman takes comfort from this assurance. If tho obliging telegram from Melbourne was not sufficiently re assuring, the solemn decision of Mr. Dicka son surely is ! Mr. M'Coll and his comforters affect to believe that his resignation of his office sub sequent to his nomination, but previous to the day of election, is sufficient to put him 011 the safe side. We think not, and some lawyers whose opinions aro worthy of consideration agree with us. They urge tlia# the nomination is a part of tho election, • and that the disqualification -attaching to ; Mr. M'Coll's being elected attaches to his nomination. Indeed, in the event of only two candidates being in the field, the nomi nation would practically be the election. Other Government officers, candidates for ■ election—such a3 Dr. llowe—took good care ■ to resign their offices previous to their nomi nation. Mr. M'Coll has got tho opinion of some bush lawyer, like Mr. Dickason, which is worth what it cost, and he has got into a mess accordingly. The electors of Sand hurst are now fairly warned, and if they record any votes for a candidate who has placed himself in the predicament of Mjr. M'Coll they must take the consequences. But wo are told that Mr. M'Coll has resigned. Is this really so ? He may have tendered his resignation, but has it been duly acceptod by tho Governor-in-Council, and has a successor been appointed! If not, he is still Electoral Kegistrar, and if there were any functions of tho office requiring attention he would still have to discharge them. The predicament becomes still more awkward, for to-day is the polling day. Our readers will understand the reason we attach any importance to the invalidity of Mr. M'Coll's candidature. Few rational men iu Sandhurst believo that he has a ghost of a chance of being elected, but there may be a few who will give him votes to the detri ment of the two liberal candidates in the field, and we wish to show them how useless it is to throw away their votes in this manner. We warned the electors of this on Tuesday, and there has been sufficient time to obtain a legal opinion in favor of the validity of Mr. M'Coll's candidature. Why did I10 not ob tain such an opinion to satisfy the electors, instead of. quoting anonymous telegrams from Melbourne? Tho electors can guess tho reason why, and they will, theroforo, take good caro not to throw away their votes upon a candidate, who, to say the least of it, has placed himself iu so equivocal a position. Caution to Electobs.—Those doctors whose names are not oil the ratepayers' roll should reiuombor that it will be necessary for them to produce their electoral rights. Those who do not attend to this will lose their votes. Persons who have not been in the habit of voting by ballot will do well to bear in mind that oil receiving a ballot paper from the returning officer, on which they will find the five names of the candi dates printed in alphabetical order, if the elector omits to scratch out or draw his pencil through three of those names his vote is in valid. Care should bo taken not to fold the paper qo that the marks made by the voter across tlio names of those for whom ho does not intend Jo vote, may not be left on those for whom"lie does vote. This happens sometimes when a soft pencil is used. Declaration of the Poll.—We under stand that if any difficulty should prosent it self to the declaration of tlio poll at tlio Town-Hall, , arrangements will bo made for making it from tlio balcony of the Shamrock Hotel) which will certainly bo the most ap propriate place. ' lKiau-;Vu8TRALi\\.i Catholic Bkn_epit So ciety.—The members of this society purpose celebrating St. Patrick's Day (Friday) by a grand ball and supper in tho Hall, M'Crao stroet. Tho meeting is likely to lie a very agreeable one, and will, no doubt, bo largoly attended. Tub Weather.—The thermometer regis tered in tlio shade at Messrs. Joseph and Co., Pall Mall, yesterday, as follows:— Nine a.m., 03°; noon, 73°; three p.m., 70°; six p.m., 65°; maximum, 77°; mini mum daring tho previous night, 51°. Barometer—Nine a.m,, 29*200; lis p.m., 29-210. 