THEATRE ROYAL. Mrs Gladstone appeared as Lueretia, in the play “Lueretia Borgia,” on Saturday night. The weather was inclement, and the house was thinly attended in the boxes and dress circle, but in other parts was fairly patronised. Nearly all the company were cast for the piece. After the glories of the story in opera the drama shorn of its musical charms seems bald, and the medley of operatic melodies discoursed by the orchestra only seemed to tantalise by rousing old memories. But this is only one side of the case. If we missed the greater spectacular effects and the lyri cal pleasures of opera, we had the other charm of real ism, and language intelligible to the whole audience. People do not as a rule make love and swear passion ate oaths of revenge, and do murder with melodious lyrical accompaniments, so the drama of the Borgia on Saturday night liad something about it to counter balance the loss of music. Of Mrs Gladstane’s Lucretia we may say that like all her acting it was skilful and well preserved all through. The higher levels of tragic acting, where the utmost vigor and force of passion are required, do not suit this lady’s powers so well as the gentler depths of the pathetic, or the robust but more measurable ascents of passion in the domestic drama. The very highest tragic genius can alone be perfect in the greatest crises of tragic story, and if Mrs Gladstone was not all "that, it is some thing to be able to depict Lucretia with so much well sustained variety of passion as marked this accomplished lady’s acting on Saturday night., Mrs Gladstane’s physique is admirably suited to the character; her costumes as usual were magnifi cent, her bearing dignified in every situation, and her reception by the house was wai m, a call at the close of every act betokening the appreciation of the lady’s efforts. The other characters were very fairly played. Mr Beeves was really very good indeed as the Duke, and Mr Munro made a very presentable Gennaro; while Mr Dunn, as the gluttonous agent of the Borgia’s crimes, was Mr Dunn and managed to keep the house laughing whenever he had anything to say. He gave us the familiar “II segreto” of the opera in equally familiar and homelier garb, the other actors joining in the chorus. The after piece was “ A Ghost in Spite of Himself,” in which Mr Harry Stan ley played the part of the Yorkshire servant Dickory in such broadly comic fashion that the house was in a roar almost every time he was visible. Mr M'Gowan was equally amusing as lackey to the Aminadab Sleek sort of “ghost” depicted by Mr Beeves, who, as also the other actors in the farce, did very well. This evening the new play “ Man and Wife” will be pre sented, with Mrs Gladstone as the principal character; supported by the full company. ' There will be ho afterpiece. The following appointments are published in the Government Gazette-. —Mr A. Drury, P.M., etc., Alex andra, to he deputy sheriff at Mansfield; Mr H. C. Genesto, clerk of courts (acting), to be deputy sheriff at Jamieson; Mr Henry Gilbert Jones, Yarra Yarra, Eltham,- to keep the peace in Victoria within the Mel bourne General Sessions district; Mr J. S. Cooper, late warden’s clerk at Stieglitz, and Mr P. J. Clinch have been appointed to act as wardens’clerks at Ballarat; Mr 0. W. Collins to be temporarily a mining registrar, in which capacity he will act at Stieglitz, vice Mr J. S. Cooper, transferred; Mr Eobert Anquetil to be tem porarily a mining registrar, in which capacity he will act at Maindample, vice Mr W. Frewen, relieved. 