HOLY JOSEPH. There is one decree of the infallible .Pius, passed oh the eighth December last, about Avhidh the general public liaA'O not. heard anything in the "Epistles Apostolical." The sublime Janies of. Maitlaiid has told us about it iti a 'pastoral to his "children." He says, in his pastoral, that he has been anxious to explain the matter to them for the last twelve months, because the decree has " called forth' the deep sympathy, aud religious , feeling of christendora." Our. readers will perceive that tlms, by a stroke of his pen, the sublime Jqmes of Maitland ciits off from "'cliristeiidpni " all" .who . are outside the "catiiolic church." Romanists are the christians. Priests and bishops of Rome are the oJiZy pastons. The Romisli chiirch. is the onlp church, aiid the total church ! , The ignorant, superstitious, and credulous people avIio subrpit, to James' of Maitland > " aiud' his confrere bishops; , are ' the AnZy,' '/ children, in , Uliristj" hut all' ,prbte.stants, hb; matter; |nire and noble and Ghrist- likei they :may ; be/;' in;- conduct and 'chayacter,' are nothing better than hopeless lieretic.s ! ' " /But .what, jsi! the wondeHul Mecree. to Avhich;:AVie;;are ;refeiTedi -by :;the". pastoral ;letter; bf ''JMneS' of Maitlahd ?" It is' this — that the holy and infallible Pius, /with his sacred .congregation of rites, did, by a soleuin decree, "enhance and encourage tlie protection and honor Avhicli the Romish church pays, to tlie glorious Joseph, by placing himself and all the pistors and faithful of the chureh under the especial patronage of St. ; Joseph, by appointing the said glorious Joseph the guardian, the protector, and the patron of the universal church, and by ordaining, at .the same time, that the festivar of tlie said glorious Joseph, Avliich occurs on sabbath, the 19th March, may be celebrated for the future, as a double of the first class !" Here is important news for the protest- ant public to consider. James of Mait land says that this " intelligence fills the hearts of every true 'catholic throughout the Avorld Avith sentiments, of ,tlie greatest joy and delight j" lie enjoink upon every such catholic to ". ofiey fervent , prayei-s to the great saint /'-and he explains that as " glorious Joseph in bklen time protected the .Saviour of the Avorld and the divine founder of the catholic church from insult, so he- Avill, iby his p'owefful- intercession, obtain tlie liberty of the Yicar of OhrLst and the blessing of peace and prosperity for the uniA'-ersal church !"/ i ' If eimr gross heathen, aud tutelary wor ship was committed by so-called cliristians, here it is inculcated ju Neiv South Wale.s, aud: infallibly, encouraged and enhanced by " Christ's "Vjicar and his apostolic success or ? Theoldpbgansbf Rome never did worse than, this. The; old, Greeks and Romans, who iiad small divinities to give tlieii- pa tronage and countenance to every hill, gi'oa'e, lake, ria'erj field, rbok, valley, and temple in the country, never did Averse than this. The only difference is a difference of names. Those smaller heathen divini ties AvereJ the " patrons." of the places specially confided to them. They specially took care of tliem and guarded them. They procured blessings for the Supreme Gods for them; And iii proportion as prayers, gif, and sacrifices Avere offered - to them at, tlioir respective shrines, so were thos'e smaller divinities diligent /,on behalf VIIV/XI. the Romanists do Aviththeirso-called saints. To this saint, on the one hand, is intrusted the patronage and protection of this building — to another the patronage and jirotection of that building. This society is dedicated' to/this' saint, and another to._ that saint, ' that /patronage ami protection ; may be , enjoyed through that saint's merits. "" YUia. thus in and about- Rome, and through all the Avorld, Avhere Rome has power, there is hardly a spot, ohurcli, society, or under taking Avhicli is not solemnly dedicated to some saint or other, Avhose xiatronage and Xiiotection are thus directly secured ! The " heathenism of Poxiery" has often been alleged and jiroved, and hero, indeed, it is boldly taught' by '.James of Maitland," and "encouraged and enhanced" by an infallible decree of the Infallible Pius ! Wliatdo Piusand his Maitland Reverend G;oneraldo? They actually appoint "Holy Josexih" as the guardian, Wxq p>rotection aud :the /;ffli?'on of the "UuiA'crsal Ohurch ! And they fortlwitli ordain for the so-called "faithful " people— that is, thepcoiile avIio siibrait to ..lie gulled aud seduced into damnable idolatry without re.sistance or qualms of conscienco — that they shall, next Sunday, look .specially to Josejilqby Xirayers and a'ows and adoration to him, \- "1 /I nit? US UiilJiJ. UiiU wxt-uu K,J qiatronage and merits the Romish Ghurcli and her people, Avho are noAv extremis, may be deliAmred and saved ! . ' Everybody has . heard of the ; Avarrior Avho appointed the Virgin Mary the Generalissimo of his army, and marched to battle iinder. under her ." patronage." Every-body knoAvs that the so-called Immaculate Virgin, is ' decreed, and Avor- shipped as the . Queen of Heaven, the destroyer of heresies, the refuge , of .the -Ohurch/ and tiie special patrdn.of Pius and his Jesuits— to , Avhoin - they are solemnly , dedicated. Yet, as noAv the Holy Virgin seemb to be slow or negligent j as if she were asleep, or;on a joiu'hey, or so oji- XiressedAvitli business j she evidently has not lately been caring much for .her devotees. Thoy have 1 been , praying to her in vain. ThejVhaA'e ,bee'n celebrating ' her. festivals as ' " double fi rsts," in i vain. . According to the coufession of James of Miiitland, and his VibeUod, jthe- Pope Pius IX, lioresies haA'e /been sjiveaduig .in siiite of all the alleged poAA'erof Mary. James, in his pas- "toral, denounces the Avicked men Avhohave Ifficeri / Rome/ the Poiie a /f pri8oner,.in his ow He dwells "withiugviliidous Avhining upon th e triumphs pf Ithe eneniies of the ohurch, in. spite of \- the xioAverfiil intercessibh of the Queen of Heaven. And no w, therefore, what is the food news which James announces to his poor deluded " children" What is the intelligence which he brings them, and which he hopes will fill them with peace and joy? Why this — that the Pope litis ' appointed Joseph the patron and protector of the Church j and now, therefore, those same de luded people are counselled to fly to Joseph to put their trust in Joseph, to, give him double-first honors in prayers and donation, and to feel, perfectly assured, on the assurance of .Pius and James, that Joseph will do -what 'no other saint has ever done, not even the dioly Virgin her self! ' ' . V,' \ On what gi'ound does James of Maitland thus direct liis moeked and deluded :people to Holy Joseph .'next Sunclay,; as ;t infallible patron, the guardiaii, aiid the, pro tector of the church ? Has an' revelation come from Hsaven that . Joseph has- de ceived a special conimission ? ..Is there aiiy Scriptural authority for. . thus making Joseph the refuge in the time of trouble ? Does the Bible say anytliing about double first honours, double prayers, double devo tions to Joseph, for Ais patronage ? In a word, is there a single hint in the New Testiimont that Joseph is exalted in Heaven to be the powerfiW' inter eessor, to which the c/iwc/i is .to flee when surround-, ed with troubles ? NO. . Ho far from this, as Christ is the refuge of the church, the protector, the guardian, and the Saviour of his people, the. apppintmenl cf Joseph, as patron and protector, by the Pope and James of Maitland, is equivalent , to the impiety of the Israelites when they chose Saul to be King instead of Jehovah -it is a flagrant denial of Christ— it is the pro fanity of idolaters at their wits-ends, when they find thaf their false .gods and their false refuges mock and cheat them. But James of Maitland has still some .show of Scripture countenance. Let us considei", then, the Scripture reasoning of this lineal descendant of the inspired apostles. He tells us that " Holy Joseph" was the defender of Mary and of the child Jesus, when they fled into Bgypt : enjo, says this apostolic logician, "Joseph will .still defend the Church of Christ, and the Wear of Christ!" It is a marvel to us that a grave bishop did not set his lawn sleeves on fire with burning sjliame when he uttered such an absurdity : yet, through the numerous paragraphs of an hour's long pa.storal, he haips on this as the most glorious logic, and the niost delightful, of Gospel which over his. - children had listened to before ! Oh, what a wonder ful saint J oseph was ! Listen to what tlame.s of Maitland says of him : — " Viewing tlio .general disorder and so many evils wliicli aiiliut the church, we are not sur prised that the Holy Father and th 3 Bishops of the Church should Iiavo thou.ght fit to decree special honors to St., .Joseph, wlio imr'sod our .Lord himself, with the view of securing his patronage over the oiitiro christian people, and selected him above all other Saints for a dignity so sublime, and an oflicc of such im portance. Divine wisdom, my dear Brethren, destined St. .Jose)h to fill here on earth the most honorable position thst was over wit nessed by .angels or men . . . In all tilings Jesus was dependent upon Joseph, and to him heavenly messages were sent, whioli enabled liiin to discharge the duties of Ills guardianship over tlie Son of God, who aoknowledged Joscjih as his father, and obeyed his commands. Hence both Jesus and Mary were subject to him— ho by the authority of a heavenly messenger called liiin Jesus, and the most blessed Virgin proclaims Joseph's dignity and authority over herself and Son, in the, touching words which she addressed to him in the temple, "Sou, Why hast thou done so to its ? behold thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing." And my brethren, not only did the Eternal Father grant this .sublime authority to Joseph over his Eternal Son, hut even God the Ho.y Ghost, the tliird person in tlio Blessed Trinity,, becoines his companion and co- operator in Giiriying out his behests, and be hold liiin ill deference to .the solemn cngage- nients made by J oseph and Mary of consecrat ing, for ever, their ptirc souls to God, and prosor viiig in tact their virginal purity, deseend- iiig from the bosom of God, and by liis erea- tivo energy entering the chaste womb of the ever Immaculate Virgin, iiiHamiiig her with his love, and ?orming within her the sacred hnmanity of tlie eternal Word, thus co-opefat- ing with, and in a maun er takiii; the place of Joseph .' In that holy alliance of Jesus, iMary,- and Joseph, ample reasons, no doubt, are to be found why the Church of Christ, which in-; ttioso times of trouble is harassed by so many foes, and aillicted by the heaviest calamitiesj. should be placpd .under his special patronage.- And indeed, if Joseph was gunrdiau of our Lord, the head cf his household and of his richest treasures on earth, how. can we exclude hirn from the guardianship of the Church of his Son?,;. . ; St. Joseph had fnil , understood the iiicrcifui: designs of God, the holy conversation which passed between ;iini. ami his Saviour Jicul in-: spired him .with thoiights 'divine, his zeal for' / - the salvation of souls, and the interests of the 1 church had taken possession of his lie.art, and Jesus and the holy church were the object and aim of his holiest aspirations and fervent desires. Now that he is seated on a throne of glory uefvr his divine Son will he look on that Church with coldness and iiidlftereiice ? Will ho bo insensible to the trials and troubles of her supreme Head, and of the Vicar of his Son-? Oh no, that perfect vision which he now enjoys in heaven enables him to see more clearl.y the joys and sorrows of the Catholic churoii, her triumphs and her struggles, and his powerful influence with that Son whom ho fostered here on earth, from whom he has already received such a weight of glory, as a rcconipoiice for his faithful services, proclaims to us that His Holy Sponse, which ho pur chased with his blood, has a most powerful and lastmg advocate in heaven in the person of Joseph. And who could he supposed to have more authority and influence with Jesus and Mary than Joseph, who can speak in the presence of God as father, as tutor, as guar dian, and as a faithful spouse ? And now, my dear Brethren, o-\ving to this special protection of Joseph over the entire , church it behoves us, during this holy season of prayer and iienance, to become his devout clients, to pay him special honor aiid to im plore his powerful intercession. In all our Wants, let lis, too, go to Joseph, aiid with all confidence invoke him who was the guardian aud keoper of the Lord on earth, and who has now at his disposal, the riches and treasures idf God's kingdom." . Now what do our. readers thmk of tliis specimen , of real Popish gospel and reason ing ? "We are certain that falser reasoning never was put upon paper, ' and as for gospd, it is as totally different from the gospel of Christ as heathen worship is identical with Romanism. It is simply revolting to eveiy mind which has studied the scripture.s, aud knows what pure ohi'istianity is. Can anything be more absurd aud debasing to Christ than thus referring to lieaven the relationship and "authority" which subsisted: between " Jesus, Mary and Joseph on earth ? The- Heaven of James . of "Maitland is the stable , in Bethlehem. He sees Jesus Mary niu'sing him, and Joseph bending over him as a protecting angel ! So Joseph is to besought to influence Maiy, and Mary to besought to yield to Joseph, and both are to use the authority of father and mother over .the loving Son j and of course as Jo.sus is their son, he cannot reject the requests and authority of his fatkev and mother ! Siich, is the horrible grossne.ss which Roman Bishops paint lip in gaudy colors and call religion ! — Is it not monstrous — doe.s it not fill one with holy indignation — that Protestants, who pretend to Jiave the true gospel, will stand by and see .such gross delusion and . imposition as this practised upon the peo ple, as the teaching of Jesus Christ, and yet will shrink from denouncing it as the "abomination which maketh. desolate," lest the Priests and Bishops, who get then- living by it, should raise the cry of reli gious persecution, "Great -is Diana," — Diana of the .Romans ! . There is one argument inove which James of Maitland uses to induce his poor deluded followers to flee to Joseph, which deserves to be noticed. " There was once," says ho, "a Joseph in Egypt. He ivas liCXu XO 1. JiillOfljl Oil uli6 XJlVOilG. xXG IclICL up corn for the people in their need. Pharoah entrusted the business of giving out tlie com to Joseph. And therefore all the people went to Joseph!" Ergo, says- this Romish Bisliop,, Joseph in Egypt is the type of the Joseph in heaven ! and, therefore, all the people should go to Joseph ! "What detestable idolatry is manifest in this I The mind that could conceive such reasoning as this, draw the parallel, and commend it to the people as divine teaching, is so' steeped in falsehood that it dares, in the very name of God, to subvert the whole plan of the grace of God, and to jioint to another protector and Saviour thau the only jn-otector and Saviour whom God has provided ! But such is Popery ; and while Popery thus is destroying its thousahds, Pi-otestantism is holding its jeace, lest jiarm should come to it,! , . . . 