»r-1 BOÏB that tho Marquis of Normanby will got n H : pleasing reception in Brisbane, but that appears to S he doubtful. It seems that ono . of tho members of !the Government, whether bemused in boer or not as another membor appeared to havo beenntHock . hampton-made a virulent speech against Brisbane in M the rival town of Ipswich, in consequenco of which 3\. the Mayor of Brisbane hnd resolved to exercise his S corporate authority, and rofuso to co-operate with M the Government in any measures they might take ff for tho reception of tho now Governor. His 8 Warship had caused notico to bo given to the Acting H Governor against ereoting any obstructions, in tho ¡1 shape of triumphnl arches and euch liko vanities in S jjhe itroota; and it was said that the Bris jf lane shops wore nil to bo kept open as fi usual, instead of keeping holiday, whilo jj the Brisbaneitcs would appoint another day for jj themselves to wait upon tho Governor with an m Address. Ti ther a pleasant position this for a now i Governor to be placed in ; but if ho is wisely advisei *3 BS will tate things ns thoy nro, clap his unoflioia ^ kat upon upon his hoad, toko his unofficial stick ir ' " his hand, and walk up quiotly and unostentatiously ,Ü¡ to Government House, "returning with courtosj s*r the respectful greetings of tho people," ns th( 5'íjjj reporters would say, if ho gels any ; and, if not. >\ making np his mind philosophically Ho do without >i:í them. Now if tho Queensland Govornmont and t'A Parliament had taken tho precaution to establish n <"% local military forco, as we wiso follows have dono J here, all this kind of thing could soon have been put I down. By shooting a couplo of Brisbane Aldermen SîS and half-a-dozen Brisbane Communists, and arrest- aos? ing the Mayor, tho whole emeuto could have been ^suppressed at onco. Aa^it is, they must get out of yg& tte mess in tho best way they cnn. A'j Talking of armeH bands rind shooting, and all that kind of thing, calls to mind nenin tho rumours of ,,L,t fnrther wars in Europo I think thnt " The Battle A», of Dorking " hns been well responded to by "Tho ' " Prussian Invasion of Englnnd ;" but I hope that .^ the news of n triporito treaty botweon England, Kt Germany, and Austria will provo to bo truo, and jo.1 thus put an end to nil fenra of either one or tho ?t-d other. In the meantime, I find thnt a well- known ->i gossiping contributor to tho Melbourne Loader A , makes certain statements with reference to tho first named suhjoct, and also on tho subject of tho com -parative merits of British and Australian volunteers, , which I give as I find them : :T. A gentleman who lias Just returned from HogUnil a?lures rae that tho publication of tho Battlo of Dorking in Black wood's Magazine bas created a profound sensation amongst v.Qtü daises. Tho author is not, as wai at first supposed, Colonel Hamley, but bli brother, a younz engineer ofllccr. .-.. 'Tho general in command at tho battle ls meant for Lord (ta Strathnairn, and Slr Harry Tombs Ii tho artillery officer via killed by a canon bill. Wy Informant, who ls himself woll .v î apln military affaira, tolls rac that the Kaallah .and 8coteb volunteers aro, as a body, aa m'ich inforlor In drill and know ^.'.vledf o of tho ride to our mon ns they aro to tho bOBt rcglmenta M'IOI regulara. If auch be tho caso, do not wonder at tho \--'pule. pt-jlotd Strathnairn was rocontly Commander-in-Chief p 'inRoland, and ho was distinguished in India as Sir yîiHugh ROBS. By-tho- bye, talking of military ' . 'tactics, about as good a " move" ns I havo hoard or : ;tead of for a long time was put into praotice by a number of soldiers who wore about to bo shot in / prúon after the Archbishop of Paris and the sixty . ffour other hostages had boon mndo away with, but . j who, vory reasonably, appeared to object to that «. . proceeding, and not only turnod tho tables upon the Committee of the Commune, who had taken up their quarters in tho prison, but compelled them to skedaddle. Here is tho account : , -¿ On Saturday tho surviving prisoner! wsre about to be shot v by tho Commune, which had established its beac1-quarters at Î ^ Ihoprlion, when, at tho Instigation of ono of tho old staff, fi v who had boon retained la bis o ni co by the Commune, they .jr rebelled and withdrew into ono portion of tho prison, whero jWy losy barricaded thoniflol70i, anil whero tho insurgents tried |W to burn them alive Tho mattresses howovor, being mada of g ii wool/preserved them, so that th«iy were not much burned A 11'^.kundred soldiers, who had remained In tho handsel ibo Com &j;¡§ mnno when tho barracks of Prlnco Eugeno wore captured, g>iï formed among themselves a vory solid nucleus of resistance, l|i|and at 6 o'clock on Saturday evening tho Communo, seized IjflJwHh a positive panic, Hid, carrying otT with thom tho money |ír| chest, and directing their flight to tho Matris of tho Twentieth pli Arrondissement fflgS The Commune was evidently composod of curs in jjgiî this quarter, and if other victims had made a fight f.'^ for their live«, they might also havo been successful |g|. I observe that the Victorian iron-clad ship of war fM. Cerberus is now fitted out and ready for sea, «and jijg!;judging from the description, although she looks îprïmore like an innocent American river passenger fcsjbont than a powerful man-of-war, she is likely-to !|||prove a formidable customer if her prowess should ho gap called in question. /But tho particular matter I havo ||&to; notice in connection with this subject is tho *M. rumpus which tho Sabbatarians in Melbourne kicked M8I np because the vessel was thrown open to public l|s inspection on a Sunday. They appear to have jggs assailed tho Treasurer, Mr. Berry, with no end of |tw importunities because ho persisted in allowing this ||it privilego to tho people ; but he was com IBSS. »endably firm on the occasion, reminding his pious tormentors that tho working classes tad no other day on which they could hjivo an opportunity of visiting tho ship. Those Sabbat,v mongers aro a class not altogether unknown to me. Mentally they are cramped, selfish, and pharisaical. Personally they uro usually damp, white-faced, conoupiíotnt- lóoking mon, with any number of ohildrsn. I see from lato English papers that thoy Ilavo latoly bean dhtinsuishino- thom'selves greatly in London, under the allspices of n certain Rev. Bee Wright, (Tho Littlo.Busy Boo, I suppose) seoretary to the Association for the Suppression of Sunday Trading. This zenlouB individual attended at tho Hammersmith polico'court on the Oth June last, and then and there distinguished himself by prosecuting certain poor women for hooping cake-stalls nnd applo-Btalls in the street on a Sunday, contrary to tho Sintnto. of his lato .Majesty King Charles tho Becond of pious and virtuous memory. Some fines were inflicted, and Mawworm and his witness, a I» man named Jackson, who had become well known in ¡rc this lino of business, were rewarded by being hissed Wi and hooted by tho populaco in tho street when they 1« loft the court, for whioh tho parson retiirnod and gi took out a summon! acainst one of the parties. H Mr. P. A. Taylor, M.P., writes to the- London ||.papossto say that this enforcement, by tho Maw- s'worms, of th'e blessed Stntuto of Charles IL, was I. oecotning a source of most in'olorable^icrsecution against some of the very poorest and the most help loss of tho community. It is, indood, absolutely, .hocking that such things should bo dono undor the name of religion. The persecution hns given birth ;to an opposition, or resistance, in tho Bhnpe of a ? Freo Sunday Association ;" nnd Mr. Taylor mentions the two following oates as having been ; recently brought before tho bonoh : ? On Monday morning a little girl carno to me In great dis- tress, stating that her mother, who keeps a amati aweet-ahop In tho neighbourhood, had been auddenly dragged off by the police for non paymont of One» for Bunday trading, leaving .«Ii young children unguarded, 'and that, hor father belog »way from homo at work, ho did not know what to do. 8bo said they had paid many. finos. before, but thia ilma they 1 aotual'y had not tho means, and (rom tho empty condition of tho ihop, a» I subsequently ascertained, thU wan probably correct. In tho couran of the day thu father called, and «aid ho could not appear at tho court to help bli wife, as there waa a warrant against him for a similar offence. I rather advised that he and his wife should go quietly to prison, in pursuance of the wei'-known observation of an advocate to his client, "Only let them hang yon, and they'll seo what wo will do :" but »hts advice* not seeming palatable possibly the »Ix children stood in tba way-tho only further suggestion I could mako was that they should plead that the prisoner was a married woman. I hear this morning that this plea has resulted in her temporary rchiaso, tho mnglstrates taking limo to consldor the point. So much for ono caso, I Tho second case-which came ott* at tho Mansion-house-ls described to rrio as follows :-»-Tho Fres Sunday Association : resolved to test the law iii Its application to ono of the most gorgeous functionaries, probably, of tho known world, viz., Mr. William narcing, tho stat-i coachman of tho Lord Mayor thus described in a graphic report which has boon sent to mo of the proceedings :-" He wore a red coat trimmed with gold lace, buff breeches, and pink stockings, thrco-cornered hat trimmed with gold and rod larc, .tc." Agalnstthis magnificent individual a summons was demanded forthat, on Sunday, 2Sth May, ho did, in defianco of tho Act 20 Charles IT., pursue his ordinary calling bv driving the Lord Mayor In hlsstata curringa from the Mansion-house to' Br. Paul's Cathedral, tho dbtanep being about ono-third of a mile, tho progress being performed with great cöremony, and involving tho nttondanco of many equally gorgooua person', all fulfiling their ordinary calling. Hy correspondent saya hs cannot admit that the occupation of Mr, Harding could bc termed a work of necraslty, and somewhat disrespectfully adits, "lt was only a work of display and pomp." Ho states also that many of tho attendants ou tho ceremony, willis their masters wera in tho cathedral, regaled themselves at tho-tavern, tho hour being (sad to relato) not ono during which public-houses aro licensed to be open. Pernada it la needless to add that tho Lord Mayor refused to grant tho summons, upon tho ground that " tho offence docs not como within tho statute." These case) speak for themselves. It ie ill going to law with tho dovil, they Bay, when tho court is hold in - his own dominions ; and so it was not likely that such n "gorgeous func tionory" as the Lord Mayor's state coachman would he fined or committed by tho king of tho city him- self. Cut is not all this calculated to bring true, I heartfelt religion itself into disbelief and contempt f It reminds mo of a circumatanco that has only recently occurred hero-or, ralhor, that circum- stance reminds mo of nnothor. I alindo in tho first instance to tho conviction and sontonco of Alexander Longmuir, late of tho schooner Chnllongo, for his transactions with tho nativos of tho South Sea Islands. ve nothing to do with that particular chargo, which has been disposed of; but, as Longmuir is said to havo boen a regular attendant with certain church congregations whon on shore in Sydnoy, I am reminded of what occurred soma four or fivo yoars ago out here, when Sir "William Wiseman was Commodore on this station. Somo blacks on ono of tho islands - I sup- pose we shall novcr know for a positive fuct tho true reason - attacked " a miBsiopary Btore," and destroyed somo property belonging to the Hov. Mr. Paton. Vongeance was invoked, and Commodore "Wiseman was called upon to inflict it, which ho did to soma purposo, if I may judgo from tho pictorial and lettor-pross dusr.riptions in tho Illustrated Syd- noy Nows of tho day, whero the natives wero repre- sented as hoing spitted and slaughtered wholesale. Groat scandal boin:* caused by all this, and by the sovoro animadversions of a I'OUTION of tho Proas upon it, a mooting was utllod in Sydney by tho par- sons, and I beliovo a vote ol thanks was passed by thom to tho Commodoro-who, for ray part, I nevor blamed n bit, as he was only executing ordors,. and must have thought himsolf right onough so long aa ho had tho approbation of the Men of Peace. But at that meeting thero was a certain Eldor who lifted up his voice and said that savages wero only to ho dealt with by going to them with " tho Biblo in one hand and tho sword in tho other," Tho Soldier of the T.ord /With the Bible and tho Sword. This was our old Oliver Cromwell's cry ; but it was still more the way of nnotbor historical charnctor James Graham of Clavcrhouse, Viscount Dundco, who used to maleo short work of tho hill-sido Cove- nantors; if'they reduced to taho tho tost, and there- fore preferred tho honours of martyrdom by means of a platoon of ooldiors - " ready, present, Aro!" .1 um rather puzzled to explain how I think thero must bo some connection between all thia and Langmuir and his tlilvo-catching nnd church-going doligbta. I know thnt somo connection there must be, bnt.my hoad ia too thick to hammer it out, and BO I leavo it to your enlightened'roaders. Tho author of " Nine Months in Fiji and other Islands" ia throwing much light on such subjects aa thia.' ' ' While on tho subjeot bf the parsons, I may not rho far out of the way in thinking or talking of a parson- age; nnd thero . is ono now in course of construction near Oeorgo-street which-though*! eupposo it may not he oalled Golgotha now, hs all the skulls are '.being removed from the ground-will havo a ghost- like and skeleton}- reputo attaching to it for many a "day. When the ancient Church of St. Kathorino WJS pulled down, and tho bones of the dead wore removed from their graves, in order that tho com- pletion of tho great docks might he proceoded with although the placo was one of tho lowest rookeries in London, and it was known that tho contemplated improvements would bo immensely advantageous yet thero was a kind of shocked feeling at what soomed to'be regarded ns tho -dpsepration. For all that was known to the contrarv, tho bones of valiant knights and pocrlcss maidons might have boen, amongst tho human debris carlêd off to Stepnoy' and elsewhere. In the case of ths skeletons taken out of their vaults and coffins recently to make way for the foundations of the Dean's residence, near the Cathedral, there was no probability of any such heraldic sacrilege as this. We are told that the coffins had no plates on them, and the con- clusion is that the skeletons carted off to Haslem's Creek were mere nobodies, who will be quite as com- fortable there as they would be anywhere else. But perhaps this is a mistake. We have the authority of the Ghoul-like Durdles, the grave stone cutter, in poor Dickens's last, unfinished story, that "the old 'uns," i.e., the gentlemen underground, are very quiet if left alone, and do not walk about at nights, as some people think ; but how if they are dis- turbed P What if some of " the old 'una" object to being hustled out of tho proper abodes whore, may be, pious hands had consigned thom to their rest, nnd being hurriod off to tho common gravo,'"out in tho cold f" Would it'be surprising to find one of those gentlemen Inking it into his empty skull to walk into town in the middle 'of tho night, and trying to got back to his'old quarters, ¿von if tho parsonage, or 'doanory was built over them?. Fanoy one of our stately " Bobbies" being called upon to arrest nn unsubstantial visitor of this kind, endeavouring to get into tho Dean's drawing-zoom windows, in order, to lind his way dows to tho cellar 1 I supposo that tho Church authorities will take tho precaution of exorcising these perturbed spirita as much as possible ; but still I think that their mortal remains might as well havo been left where they were. Aftor a Bicep of somo sixty or sovenfy years, perhaps, even a skele- ton, or a ghost, cannot much relish this, rudo dis- turbance, even nlthough he had. no plate on his coffin. The rattling ltnoclc of tho skeleton hand nt the door of tho deanery, seeking admission as a mat- ter of right, may stnrtl'o some pleasant whist-party in, evenings to come. Bully Tiohborne, or Castro-whichever his real name is, for I suppose that it is not high treason" to oxpresä a doubt upon the point as yet-has ono thing which should indine impartial judgment favourably towards him at present, and that is to say ho ha3 a confoundedly stupid, boorish look, if I may judge from his portraits, which are now. as plentiful as thoso of Tom Thumb, or Chiin<r the. Ginnt. Let nobody wonder at the hesitating, mazy ? answers of tho claimant to tho cross-examination of Sir John Coloridgo, for tho witness looks about as i intelligent us.ouo of the porkers that he is said to havo been accustomed to slaughtering. "What à glorious harvest for the lawyers! Whichever side wins or loses, THEY must be paid; and only just contrast, their, happy lot' j with ' that of tho poor devils of briefless' barristers alluded to by Mr. Justice Byles, in London, n couple of months ago, in adjudicating ; in a case under tho Debtors' Aot. An unfortunato was called upon to pay a debt by monthly instalments of. £2, when ho informed tho judge that it waa absolutely impossible ; that he wits a barrister, and that he only had, on an average, about ono briof in a year; whereupon Mr. Justico Byles mudo somo remarks confirmatory of tho distressed oondition of many of tho profession, and tho Press comments upon the aubjoct, in disapproval of needy persons rushing to the bar for a living, " without any particular gift of oloqtienca or special knowledge, and, what is still rnor< fatal, without 'connection.'" Oh, what would thoao starved land- sharks, with nothing to Bhark upon-who perhaps carry home their suppers in tho crowns of tboir hats-when they havo any suppers at all-give for ono slico out of tho Tichborno Pudding! But to come back to the oaso itself-what nonBonso it is to pro- hibit peoplo from offering opinions upon it, for I tell you, Sir, that thoy will do so ; because, ns tho old gossiping woman in o'r.r back Btreet says, " Peoplo will have their own opinions, my dear." Hero is an instance : A certain tallow-faced but red nosed teetotaller-so I am told-was anxious to know tho merits of tho Tichborne caso, and, after trying for a long time in vain to suck it in, asked the mmo of the defendant. " Lushington," was tho reply : " tho caso is Tichborno against Lushington." " Lushington ! " ropeatod tho teetotaller aghast ; " then I am dead against him. Wo all set our faces against peoplo of that kind ! " So here was an opinion formod at once, and in utter dofianco of orders of court and writs for contempt. I perceivo that tho Scott Centenary is to be cele- brated by a banquet instead of a ball, and that thosô who had conscientious scruples' against dancing to tho memory of tho great author will have no objection to outing to his memory. We aro queer mortals ! I presumo that the influence bf tho Hon. John Bowie has been thrown into the neala in favour of tho foeding, as ho is supposed to' havo a greater aptitudo for gastronomical than' saltatory exercises, and as his weight would carry a great deal. Well, I hope they will lo well supplied with haggis, brose, porritch, cauld kail, and cock a-lcokio, and that nono of them will talk too much about themsolvos after dinner; and so " May good digestion wait on appetite." 