We have taken no notice of the rumors which have been afloat during the last ten dayB about certain movements in political circles. having for their object the moving of a vote of want of confi dence in tho Ministry. These rumors, except in so far as they are indicative of the wishes of those who circulate tliem, are unworthy of notice. There is usually at the moment of their being put in circulation some foundation for them, but it invariably vanishes in the course of a few - hours, the rumor of ono, day taking the place of that of the day before, and being superseded in turn by that of the next day. We should not have deemed it requisite to notice them now, were it not that tliby have acquired coherence and consist ence in the bulletin of the Opposition sent home by the mail. It is there asserted that up to the present time " the Treasurer's financial state- " meat has escaped criticism,"- but that it is not likely that the1 next month will pass without the desired dis cussion , . taking . place, and that " rumor has 'distantly, hinted that it '' will come off' over a vote of want of " confidence in the present Treasurer." When the promised motion is made, we will, of course, .discuss it on its merits, althouglVwe have not at present the most remote, idea of. how its getters-up intend to make out a case. We have no wish either to hasten or retard the time for making any such motion, but iui the meantime it is our duty to see that fair play is shown the existing Government. They have not as yet made any false step. Whenever they ' "doj" we Bhair be the first to call' atten- tion to it.' So far : the only allegations against them have had their origin in .perversions of fact, and when these rversions go unchallenged, thoy are repeated over and ever again- until even those .tfhov- ought ' to kndw Luen ltumuiuuu . uohw— uuur. uutuuih- — come to believe in, jthern. If Mr. Duffy was net warranted in making .the accusations lie'did against certain sum mary writers for anything done in the past, he must have been in a prophetic vein, for his denunciation's if repeated this morning would be quite as appro priate as if provoked by the immediate - occasion. We have not hitherto called attention to the personal bickerings of past and present financiers, merely be cause we considered it a waste of time to discuss them, and probably it is our silence that has emboldened the in triguers to advance so far as they have done towards' the realisation of thoir desires. ; . ; \--Mr.- Berry made his budget speech on'! the 1st of .August, and pn; j.hat night Mr. Langton jand Mr. Fr'ancis spoke;. On thiei.;2hd, the' Assembly .went lnro cowmucee on sue larin, ana a general discussion ensued on the first item. An amendment on the whole scheme of the tariff was proposed and debated, and it was not until late on the 3rd that the first item was passed, the amendment having been withdrawn. On the 8th, Mr. Francis opened the de bate in committee -avQ'wedly for the purpose of " a-UlVuing generally to the '' policy involved in . the tariff." Mr. -Duffy pointed out that the course was irregular, 'although personally he had no objection. On the 9th the greater part of the evening, was taken up with a discussion on the 20 per cent, duties, and a motion to reduce them to ten per cent, was rejected by 42 votes to 20\. On the 15th of August tho As sembly went into committee of supply, and on the first item of the estimates, Mr. Francis, in a speech which occu- pies nineteen columns of Hansanl, ad-' dressed himself to the whole question ef tho budget. On the l(5ih, Mr. Francis again opened tho debate on the occasion of the tariff resolutions being reported to the House.' On the 22nd" there was a debate on the subject of Mr. Berry's financial speech at Geelong, Sir James M'Culloch ad dressing himself to the subject at great length. It was on this occasion that Mr. Langton was cut short in the middle of a digression by Mr. Vale clearing the galleries. The provocation for doing this was Mr. Langton's justi- ficationof his conduct in wandering from the subject. " It was the practice," he said, " on a motion for reporting pro- " gress, to allow any conceivable sub- " iect to be discussed" Tho onDOsition did not come from the Ministry, but from an Opposition member ; and this is what has been called an evasion of the debate.' The discussion on Mr. Berry's speech was resumed on tlie 23rd, and the House then went into committee of supply- -the proper ' time for Mr. Langton to have gone into the subject in respect to which he was out of order the night before. - He did not, however, avail himself of the opportu nity. Since then the House has . been four times in committee of., supply, on each of which occasions any member miorhf kavfl arldvpaflftri Limaftlf tn t.liA general as . well as the particular features of the financial scheme. Willi this circumstantial account of what lias been done, no one need be in doubt - as to the amount of truth there is in the statement that, " the Government has up to 1 the " present skilfully avoided any discus- " sion upon its financial policy." It is true that the debate initiated by Mr. Francis on the 15th of August came to an inglorious conclusion, not a single member getting up to support him, or to reply to him, or even to move an adjournment of the debate. He had the first word and the last. .Everybody expected that the discussion would con tinue for three nights at least, and Mr.' Berry reserved Ins reply, as he after wards explained, in the expectation that Sir James M'Culloch : and Mr. Langton would have spoken— a very reasonable course ; for if he bad jumped up prematurely, it would have been said tbat he wanted to stifle discussion. The fact' is that the financial debate broke down, because the Opposition saw that they had no case. And nbw those who wore dumb when they might have spoken, shriek out , for a ' motion of want of confidenco. Surely this is the first time that ever a political party complained of having had all thei debato to themselves. There is only one parallel to it that we ckh remember, and that was when a Bil lingsgate fishwoman was so annoyed at the coolness of her adversary that she criea out in - vexauon, opuan, ui x n " burst." . Wo confeBB to some curiosity about the threatened vote. The Assembly has by large majorities ratified the financial policy of the Government. The tariff has been discussed item by. item, and no alteration has been made in it, except at tho instance of the Trea-. surer himself. The estimates have been gone through,, and no fault has bpen found with them, except in regard to some innovations introduced by the previous Government. Where, then,- is the basis of a charge against the Treasurer to bo found . jls it in his electioneering speech jat Geelong 1 If so, it, will bo quite in order to pass in review every speech of tho kind that ever was delivered by the members now in Opposition. That will be rather a stiff piece of work, and it is not likely to be taken in hand. But if tho Geelong speech is to be taken as tho casus belli, we must say flmf it- io nlfao Jw o vatlioi fiiote'niof.ior L1ACVU IV W " 41,UUV" J , and is not likely to freshen with keep ing, for another month. Although Mr. Berry did not reply on the same night that Mr. Francis made the attack, he lost no reasonable time in doing so. On the 17 th he expressed his willingness to revive the debate, but considerately refrained from doing so till Sir James M'Culloch was in his place. At the very first opportunity — the 22nd — lie replied, and that bo effectually that Sir James could do nothing but bluster. The only point gained in this debate was that the greater part of the blame was shifted from Mr. Francis's shoulders to Sir James's. The ex-Chief Secretary, hav ing no case for the defence, made a number of counter charges against Mr. Berry when in tho Macpherson Ministry, but they fell pointless to the ground from the circumstance that Sir James had tied the hands of his suc cessor by a contract with the banks. Sir James's defence was that he could not be held responsible for the conse quences of that contract after he had retired from office. This defence was in reality a plea of Guilty. Mr. Berry not only made out a case against his predecessor, out proved more tnan was contained in his first indictment. For the second time the debate came to a close ignominious to the Opposition, for Mr. Langton, who got up after Sir James, made an attempt to change tlie subject, for which Mr. Vale punished him. Is it this ghost of a personal quarrel that is to be raised by the Op position to frighten their adversaries? If so, the fate of the no-confidence motion may be easily foretold. There is a force moro potent than even num bers on a division. That force is public opinion, which is ever for fair play. Even if it be true that the Opposition can, on paper or at a caucus, count heads to their satisfaction, they will find, unless they can make out a good case, that public opinion is too strong for them. j Prelacy aud Presbyterianism seem gradu ally to be coming into something like fellow ship. Although the attempt at union mado by the Episcopalians at East St. Kilda and the i'rezbytorians at Elsternwick camo to nought, tho effort between tho two denomi nations is not abandoned.' The Chureh of England Messenger, which is understood to be inspired by Dr. Perry, tho Anglican bishop, in tho current number strongly ad- vocates an amalgamation of tho two bodies, and frankly confesses that in the country only in this way can religions worship be sus tained. The Messenger, however, despairs of such a consummation being reached iu out lying places, unless the clergy of both churches in Melbourne boldly set the ex ample. Some churchmen will stand aghast at the proposition mado that Dr. Cairns should preach at St. James's, and the bishop at Chalmers' Church ; Mr. Handfield at the Scots' Church, and Mr. Monzies at St. Peter's, Now that under such high sanctien the scheme for the interchange of pulpits is promulgated, surely we may look soon for an announcement that Episcopalians and Presbyterians will exchange pulpit services, lint why should the union stop here 7 What is there to prevent Wesley ane, Indepen dents, and Baptists, from joining in the alliance, and Victoria setting an example of Christian courtesy and union to the rcligiouB world. in other places? Burlesque is dying off tho stage. In Lon don it- is qnite exceptional now for one to tako any hold except at the seasons of Christmas and Easter, and a succession of original comedies mark a healthy tarn in the contemporary, history of the drama. Mel- bo, urne is, following in the wake, but a very strong attack of tho old fever, which used to Lg nnrnzormittfint! haa Rnn«rvATiiifL Tt in not probable that moralisings had any effect, at home or here, in driving out the mon strosity ; or that any bolstering could estab lish its supremaoy again. Burlosquo ran its natural couroe, and is now on tho wane. All tho crowd at the Roial on Satur day night, with its brilliant dress circle of beauty and fashion, will not put Humpty Dumpty up again. Looking at the stuff itself, wo seomarks of the decadcnco. .Tliero used to be humanity in a burlesque. It was an exaggeration of Bomothing real. Grindoff the miller, with his "chorus of fifty vices," and many of tho other distortions of H. J. Byron, were genuine satires. Byron has now given up burlesque and writes comedieB. Burnand, who robbed him of his popularity in the lower walk, is also challenging him in the higher. Ono of Biirnand's productions was Ixion, bnt he has been almost eliminated from his work by improvers, jwho deBirejto,keep it up, or down, to the burlesquo tastoB of tho day. It was upon tho improved Ixion that the curtain rose last Saturday night, whilo myriads of faces looked up or down like apparitions in the darkened theatre, and in a few minutes lorgnettes were directed from overy side at tho Zavistowski sisters : Ixion in white, with lace and silver ; Jupiter, a pocket Hercules in scarlot and spangles. The charming Z trio, with a shoal of muses of the twinkling feet, sing, amidst a blaze of red -fire, and what is the song ? Shoo Fly ! don't boddor mo. Shoo Fly! don't boddor mo. This is one of the so- called improvements upon Mr. Bnrnnnd. The burlesque of, Adam and Evo was lately ' producod in San Francisco by somo nigger minstrels, and had a lengthened run. If "do angels singin' " is found to agree with a Melbourne audience, we may get on to Adam and Evo soon. There aro, however, debasements of the debased fare for which Mol bourno genius must be crodited. A parody is introduced of "The Bell goes a-ringing for Sarah," accompanied by suitable campano- logy, all the charaotors being supplied with bells, ThegoddeBS Minorva bears a great bul lock bell, and is immensely funny with her "Change trains for Geelong and Ballarat ! " and " Passengers for Pontridge, ; fifteen years for refreshment ! " In tho lowestdcop, a lowor doop. "Our poverty and not our will consents," is the cry of the Melbourne Cricket Club,, in once more allowing professional "peds." to compete upon its lawn. It would havo been better for -the members to have passed tho resolution; silently last. Saturday than to havo elaborated arguments, since only one of the twonty-five, remained to bo convinced, and, after all," ho ,was obdurate. Tho burden of tho argument seemed to be, "We know that the professionals aro most objectionable characters, but wo must have them, or wo will novor wipe out our debt." The purport of the resolution is that all tho professionals are to havo another trial, and the crookedest is' to obtain/a clean bill of health until he' is convicted of , malpractices again. This , is not the right bourse. The club should' aur thorise- its sports committee to put on tho blaqk list at onco every runner, who has been satisfactorily convicted of "a mil;" The encore nuisance at concerts, bids fair now to be abolished. Someone at last has been courageous enough to resist the unfair demands - of an exacting audioncb. Mr. Lystbr and tho committee of the . Early Closing' Association are greatly to' bo 'com mended for tho firm stand taken by them on Saturday night at tho Town Hall. They had provided an exeellent programme at a very . jnoderato cost. But at overy public cntcrtanimun-. nOr.- appc-.o io so «D6 ruib that each Bong shall be repeated.: By some singers this is looked upon as a compliment, and they always go ready with an encore song ; but thero are great numbers who only regard it as a tax upon them. They engage to sing so many songs for a certain Bum, and it is too much to expect that thoy shall be made to; do doublo work for their money. If a tailor makes a suit of clothes his customer woulid : not expect him to ' make a second .one froo of . cost because the first. ' was made . so well. - Tho same rule applies to singers, who have no right to bo taxed because a number of boys with shrill; whistles and hobbledehoys with stentorian lungs choose to re-demand overy song on the programme. The contest on Saturday was a determined one, but the firm ness of Mr. Lyster ultimately conquered. -If the Early Closing Association in their futuro concerts will he firm and resolute, and carry out the rule adopted on Saturday night, singers and a majority of the audience will he grateful tb them. 