MYSTERIOUS MUSIC UNDER WATER. | We have been greatly interested in this wonderful specimen of the finny tribe, and have pleasure in lay- ing before our readers the information we have obtained, acknowledging our indebtedness to the New York, Sailor's Magazine, Hardwicke's Science Gossip, haul Nature. A correspondent in Nature, of May 14, 1871, says : " I have read with great interest various specula- tions as to its origin (noises at sea), which is ascribed (I, the probable solution to troops of Sciicnoids (with reservation) by Mr. Kingsley ; (2) to musical fish or shells, by Messrs. Evans and Lindsay and (3) to gas escape from vegetable mud and sand, by Mr. Malet ; whilst Mr. Dennehy suggests the possibility of some galvanic agency. " On embarking on board the Danube steamer, lying at anchor in the roadstead off Greytown on the 12th May, 1897, I was informed that the ship was haunted by most curious noises at night since she had arrived, and that the superstitious black sailors were much frightened at what they thought must be a ghost, The captain and officers could make nothing of it, and it afforded a great matter for discussion. On inquiry, I found out that other iron ships had been similarly affected. Curiously enough this noise, was only heard at night, and at certain hours. Some attributed it to fish, suckers, turtle, c, others to the change of tide or current ; but no satisfactory conclusion could be arrived at. When night came on, there was no mistake about the noise ; it was quite loud enough to awaken me, and could be heard distinctly all over the ship. It was not dissimilar to the high monotone of an Eolian harp, and the noise was evidently caused by the vibration of the plates of the iron hull, which could be sensibly perceived to v vibrate. "What caused this peculiar vibration ? Not the change of current and tide, because, if so, it would be heard by day. Like everything else that we cannot explain, I suppose we must put it down to electricity, magnetism, ive." M. O. De The son, in a letter communicated by him to the Academie des Sciences, December, '1861, isa) s :- I , " While making an exploration in the bay of Tallon, situated to the north of the province of Esmeralda in the Republic of Ecuador, I was coasting along, about sunset, when I suddenly heard a strange Bound, extremely grave and prolonged. At first I thought it came from a fly or horne of extraordinary 1976, but seeing nothing above me, or in the neighbourhood, I asked the power of my Prague whence , the sound came ? ยก " ' Monsieur," he replied, ' it is a fish which is singing thus. By some it is named the Siren, by j others, Music.' ' "Having advanced a little further, I heard a multitude of different voices, which harmonised together, imitating a church organ to great perfection. I at once stopped tile prague and listened for a long while to this singular melody, j " It is not only in the Bay of Paris that I have < enjoyed this phenomenon : it occurred in several places along the coast, and even still more markedly in the river Matoje, especially at the foot of a little promontory called Campana (the Bell). On going up higher than Campana, the traveller reaches Cam- Parilla, where a similar circumstance occurs. I have heard it said, that, in the river Molina, an effluent of the future, the same singing of fish has been heard. It is evident, therefore, that to whatever species these fish belong, they are capable of living in two qualities of water ; inasmuch as that of the bay is purely salt, while that of the river is brackish at least it mingles with the ocean only during tidal hours. " The placing performers executed their music without being disturbed by the presence of boats, and without showing themselves at the surface of the water, and this during successive hours. " It is towards sunset that the fish begin to make themselves heard, and they continue their song during the night imitating the notes of an organ very sweetly,- as when one is near the door of a church, but outside, not inside, the sacred edifice." In Sir Emerson Tennant's " Ceylon" the following notice occurs of musical sounds heard in Chilka Lake, n salt-water creek close by Batticoloa on the eastern, shores of Ceylon. " I distinctly heard the sounds in question. _ They came up from the water like the gentle thrills of a musical chord, or the faint vibra- tions of a wine-glass when its rim is rubbed by a wet finger. It was not one sustained note, but a multitude of tiny sounds, each clear and distinct in itself ; the sweetest treble mingling with the lowest basis. On applying the ear to the woodwork of the boat, the vibration was greatly increased in volume by conduc- tion. The sounds varied considerably at different points, as we moved across the lake, as if the number of the animals from which they proceeded was greatest in particular spots and occasionally we rowed out of hearing of them altogether, until returning to the original locality, the sounds were at once renewed." The Bombay Times of January, 1847, says :-" A party lately crossing. from the promontory in Salsette, called the Neat's Tongue,' to near Sewzee, were, about sunset, struck by hearing long distinct sounds like the protracted booming of a distant bell, the d) ipg cadence of an Eolian harp, the note of a pitch pipe or pitchfork, or any other long-drawn-out musical note. It was at first supposed to be music from Paris floating at intervals on the breeze I then it was perceived to come from all directions, almost in equal strength, and to arise from the surface of the water all round the vessel. The boatmen at once intimated that the sounds were produced by fish, abounding in the muddy creeks and shoals, they were perfectly well known, and very often heard. A correspondent a few weeks later in the above paper says : " In a late number of the Times, I noticed some remarks respecting the Musical Fish, as 1 they have been rather aptly termed and it may be in- teresting to the readers of the Times to be informed that the existence of a similar phenomenon has long been known to the residents of Vizagapatam. I have heard the musical sounds, like prolonged notes on a j harp, when rowing on the back water i at that station ; ! and they were generally supposed to proceed from the fish coming in contact with the sides of the boat." "I have heard," says W. C. P., Shere, Surrey, " these fishes on two very different occasions once off the west coast of Ceylon, in deep water and I once in the Sorumoth River (Borneo), in six fathoms Fresh water in the former case in an iron-built vessel, in the latter wooden : so that it appears these | fish are not confined to such special localities as some of the published accounts imply; neither do they limit their visits to iron vessels, as a writer in the , May number of Nature appears to think. " Off "Ceylon we were about one hundred miles north of Colombo-eight leagues from the shore, and in a depth of water exceeding one hundred fathoms 1 time, shortly after sunset. When the sounds were first heard they might have been taken for faint I echoes of music from the distant shore, until, after I listening attentively they were found to come up from below the surface of the sea, and fell upon the ear something like the tones of an Eolian harp, rising i and falling in regular cadence, and impressing the mind with a sense of something distinct from what j had ever before been experienced. i (2 On the following morning a number of small fish I were seen swimming about the rudder, and upon I catching two or three, they were found to have an attaching apparatus at the back of the head, similar to those "I have seen in the West Indies, called by sailors ' sinking fish ;' and it is this which I take to be the musical instrument. This supposition, is strengthened by the fact that if the car be laid upon an adjoining part of the vessel while the sounds are heard,, the source of them appears to be in contact with the vessel, and no longer at a distance as when the car is detached. My idea is that these little creatures carry their little harps upon their heads, and that they can only play them when fixed upon a smooth surface, such as the bottom or sides of a ship, and that they have no power of omit * ting any sound when swimming about like other fish. I will ask, may we not have here, in these, finny , singers, as they may be called, the origin of the myths about the songs of sirens, mermaids, and similar fabulous stories for in the ages when every natural ? phenomenon was' personified J and invested with a i poetical halo, this music of the sea would be the' songs of sirens, dwelling in caves and grottoes far down in the depths." ' < i From what has been written about the size and sounds of the " drummer fish," on the coast of America, it is apparently of an entirely different kind from that I 'in the eastern seas. i Dr. Gunther, our highest authority on these subjects, has"Ttindly furnished the following explana- tion : "The musical fish which has been observed by Professor Kingsley during his visit to the West Indies i is well known under the name of Pogoniva chromite. ! All writers on North American ichthyology speak of the ' Drum,' ' Drummer,' of Grant and of the peculiar noise produced by it under water. " It is a fish like the Maigre, growing to a length of a four to five feet, found in American waters, north and south of the line. Other allied species are found in the East Indies, where they have also been observed I to astonish the sailors by their music. '. So much is certainly) That the noise is produced by this fish or Binding species, which generally go about in shoaU ox herds (2) That the sound is not produced by the means of the air-bladder-which is perfectly closed-as some supposed. I believe the sound is produced by the action of the enormous upper and lower pharyngeal teeth, with which three movable plates in the gullet are armed. These teeth have the form of pavement stones. I am not well enough acquainted with acoustics to say what distance sound can travel under water ; but I have no doubt that the fish can produce the sound with those teeth. It is not known whether the fishes produce those sounds when feeding, or only at certain seasons of the year." Science Gossip. A. 