GREAT SHAM OF HERESY PBOSECDfie^ fc^THE EEV. MB. f~ VOYSEY. In the Church of England. [From the Nines of the JPorld, November 20.) Bjsroiuj the ArcKbisnop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, Lord ChelmsfoiS, and Sir E. J. Philli more. — VoYBEr v. Noble. — This case, being an appeal from an interlocatory order made in a suit instituted in the Chancery Court of York against the defendant, the Bev. C. Voysey, rector of Healangh, for heretical writings and opinions pub lished and maintained by him, came again before the court for formal judgment.— Sir B. Palmer stated tho case on behalf of the promoter, enume rating the several Articles of Religion which the defendant was charged with having contravened, and also the points in which he had set at defiance the teaching of the Liturgy. He read and com mented on various passages from the Sling and the Stone, and the published sermons of Mr. Voysey, including, among others, the following:— 'The total absence of allusion to a substituted sacrifice as the mode of removing the curse and appeasing the wrath of God is shown in two ways — by the fact that there was no curse to remove, no occasion for the sacrifice, and by the absence of a single word from God to Adam and Eve about redemption and atonement. These ideas evidently had not entered the mind of the writer ot this narrative. They were specially a later growth — i.e., a mixture of Judaism and Gospel, and totally at variance with the teaching of our Lord and Master. If such a theory of the curse and recovery had been true, and if the narrative in Genesis was miraculously suggested, it would surely have con tained a direct revelation from Almighty God in reference to tho sacrificial substitution of Christ as a matter of the very highest importance, not only to Adam and Eve, but also to every one of their posterity.' .... ' We need forgiveness and the sense of reconciliation with God, and on that very ground we reject as useless, nay, as absolute hindrances to our reconciliation with God, any thoughts of His requiring the death of an innocent being in our stead. Such a theory would most effectually bar us out from the possibility of filial love to our Heavenly Father ' . .' . ' It is infinitely erroneous and dishonour^ ing to God to think that He could not be merciful to men except by refraining from punishing them, and by punishing another in their stead. Such an act would in itself be the height of injustice. It would also be only the pretence of mercy. There would be no mercy in letting the sinner go free if the penalty had been exacted from some one else all the eaine.' . . 'And although the doctrine of God's pouring out His wrath, upon the Beloved Son for our sakes is, perhaps, the most revolting of all the popular beliefs, vet, evnn that has taught the world some grand con. ceptions of self-sacrifice and love for the guilty, which have in all ages since Christ ennobled man kind. We should, perhaps, have to go very far back into the Divine plans and purposes in order io got absolutely true views of what salvation is. At best we can only correct some glaring errors, and throw a little fresh light on old paths. But even this is better than keeping up and hand ing on from generation to generation views of God and of His dealings which dugradu Him far below the level of bad, cruel, and revengeful men, and views which professedly Blart with a condem nation of this world's duties and engagements, and a denial of the value of common virtue.' — The Archbishop of Canterbury : Might not the defend ant in that last. passage be referring, not to the doctrine of the Churcb. of England, but to certain exaggerated doctrines of the Calvinists ? — Sir It. Palmer said he should be very glad ii this view could be established. But consistently with tho other expressed opinions cf tbe defendant, he thought it would be difficult to eay that ho was not intention ally combating tbe doctrines of the Church of Eng land. The defendant wrote : — 'We do not, there fore, need any atonement, nor any justification. We need no atonement, for God requires none. 'We do not want to be justified, we do not want to be accounted righteous at all, when we are not righteous ; wo nnlT7 floors t.n Vio innrjo wi-ntpniic tti f~-rnrt'« irnm time ...... So we leave these Pauline doctrines for those who need them, thanking our Heavenly Father that through his Son Jesus Christ we have learnt a better and surer way to that ' peace of God which passeth all understanding.' '... ' The departure from these simple views' — that tho only sacrifice is which God df.lights is a troubled spirit, — were asserted by the defendant to have ' led to all tho later corruptions of Judaism and Chris tianity, to all the monstrous superstitions of the Church of Rome, and to the revival within our own Church in recent times of ithe doctrine of sacrifice in tho Lord's Supper. ' . . 'To us God is a Father, and we are His children ; and, if this be true, it sweeps away the dusty cobwebs of mediation, inter cession, sacramental sacrifice, and all the sacred and consecrated follies which grew out of it. We want neither altar nor sacrifice, neither victim nor pries ; no sprinkling of blood nor fumes of burning incense to render our approach to the mercy seat of God more reverent or more successful.' Further, upon the doctrine of atonement this language was held by Mr. Voysey : — ' That God who can save all men from their unrighteousness and yet hereafter will not do so is one with whom to dwell would be everlasting torment. The God who would save all but cannot is no Almighty God at all ; and the God who wonld only rescue from ruin at the price of another's suf fering is the worst of all false Gods, inasmuch as this is tbe lawiest abasement below the common level of human goodness yet reached. . . I know well on which side the suffrages of the best of mankind would be given if these views were put to tho vote. I know that, in spite of the influence of priests and ministers of religion, in spite of much self-condem nation, which is right and true, the heart of man, as God made it, would at once declare that it is more in accordance with, the Creator's will that the hearts of His creatures should rejoice in His presence than that they should quail and shrink before it as a threatening powor. ' I know, too, that the best of men, it not all men, believe in their Hearts that it is better to desire to be made righteous than to desire to be accounted righteous ; that it is better to go boldly to God's footstool with the prayer, ' Cleanse Thou me from my secret faults,' than to go to Jesus saying, 'Rock of Ages, cleft for me, 'Let me hide myself In Thee.' As to the Atonement itself, this was the view taken by ihe defendant ; — 'In what sense the death of Jesus Christ was a substitute for the punishment of your sins or mine I cannot discover. Theologians may be right, but until I can see reasonable ground for their opinion I must keep my own. I can surely see, 'and thankfully confess, that His death has done me good, that his sacrifice has been beneficial to the world in teaching and encouraging true heroism, true manliness, and true obedience to God's will. Had He not been martyred for the truths which He taught, those truths would probably have been far longer in making their wsy among men, and England at this hour might still have been in pagan darkness. But than I know that this is not the common meaning of the words ' Christ suffered for us, and I do not wish to pretend to put that meaning on them while I am using them in a totally different sense.' . . . 'The notion of interces sion I have already ehown to be partly Jewish and partly Pagan. It is sadly out of place in a system of doctrine professing to be of Christ. It is a relic of bygone fear and dread of that all-loving, all-merciful One, whose name of Father was so dear to Christ himself, and whose fatherly love was the Gospel which Jesus delivered to mankind.' Sir E. Palmer made several other quotations from defendant's work to the same effect. The Gospel of St. John was especially singled out for attack by the defendant. These were some of the remarks contained in his writings: — 'The author of this passage must have had the very meanest opinion of Jesus Christ which was ever held. No modern Atheist or Socialist could say anything more derogatory of our Lord than to say that He said, ' All who ever came before me were thieves and robbers.' . . The only question remains, if our Lord did not say this, how came it into St. John's Gospel ? I can only answer to this, that this Gospel contains made-up speeches corapbsed by the writer for the occasion, and written with a special object to establish certain theological doctrines which Christ himself knew nothing of, and said not a word about in the other Gospels.' This was the'eharacter given of St. John's Gospel by a clergyman in the Church of Encland. He went on to say :—' Prayer in the name of Jesus was quite a new thing after the death of Jesus Christ, and is not sanctioned by his discourses, as recorded in the first three Gospels. The fourth Gospel, you now know, was probably written, not by an Apostle, but by an unknown writer in the second century, and I leave you to judge how far it would be possible for any one of us, even in our literary days, to write with perfect accuracy the discourses of a person who lived 180 years ago, and which had never been committed to writing before. We should have to draw very largely on our imagination, I think.' Sir R. Palmer, having been continuously engaged for close upon four hours in reading and commenting upon the passages extracted from the writings of the defendant, brought las address to a. rlngiA vii~.li anmA Ia-tuI i«Piii-ptii-m iiBvin? for their object to show that in the important issues raised in this cause the statute law strongly supported the law of the Charch.— The Solicitor-General followed on the same side. THE BET. MR. VOTEEV'fi DEFENCE. The B«v. Mr. Voysey, being called upon for his defence, said he had remained in the Church and taught as he had done solely because ho believed that it was a. clergyman's duty, as well ea his right, to teach openly whatever he believed to be truth as drawn from the Holy Scriptures, according to the vows made in Ordination, so long as he did not con tradict any statement in the Articles and Creeds. This trial was not simply a contest between one member of the Church and another. It was the battle-field of two great parties, representing on one side most cf the earness traditionalists, and on the other most of tho not lesS earnest and religious men whose thoughts were in harmony with .the hignest culture of the age and the latest conclusions of science. He could not forget that he was the mouth piece of hundreds of brother clergymen and of a very large and increasing host of laymen. From unmis takable public indications, and from an enormous mass of private correspondence, accumulated during the last five years, he had overwhelming evidence of the spread of those views which he advocated, and of tbe increasing interest taken by the clergy and laity of this country in the success of his cause. On all the doctrines alleged to have been impugned by him eminent divines of unimpeached orthodoxy had departed from the spirit and ' sense, and in some cases had contradicted the actual words of the Articles and Creeds. He had at once a sufficient defence in the words with which Dean Milman concluded his history of Latin Christianity, and in which he asserted his conviction that 'the words of Christ, and His words -alone (the primal indefeasible truths of Christianity), shall not pass away' — a proposition which left as unquestionable those words only which should be proved to have been reallv uttered by Christ : and not for instance. those which, concluding the second Gospel, were now rejected on almost all hands as unhistorical, and which, we were free to assert, contained statements not to be reckoned among the primal indefeasible truths of Christianity. The Archbishop of York, in his Aids to Faith, said:— -'The clouds of God's anger gathered thick over tho whole human race : they discharged themselves on Jesus only. He came to reconcile men and God, by dying on the Cross for men, and bearing their punishment in their stead' (language which was not justified by the Articles) ; and further, ' So long as we believe that the wrath of God, because of our dis obedience, fell in the sHape of affliction on Him who had so acted as to please God, the terms in which it may be expressed may be suffered to vary.'- It was ^'-Liuut* LiiUL iiut:'-.*-: uuivu, uuu tuo muub -jiuuuujuia ill them, were not imposed on any one by the Articles or Formularies of the Church of England, which nowhere spoke of the wrath of God as falling upon Jetius, or of His suffering in our stead. — The Arch bishop of Canterbury : These passages which you are now citing, are they illustrative of the com monly received notions of Christianity which you oppose, or passages in support of your own opinions ? — Rev. Mr. Voysey : Partly one and partly the other. — LoriL Chelmsford: But if you show that Tpese persons have contravened the Articles of the Church, how will thut justify you ? — Rev. Mr. Voysey : I assume that all these writers are irreproachable, and that my writings ought to stand on the eame footing. — Sir E. Phillimore : The argument comes to this, I think, that we should have to try every one of the divines whose writings you cite. (Laughter.) — The Rev. Mr. Voysey taid ht was about to quote from an authority that, he fancied, would not be disputed. extracts from the writings of thelat9 Dr. Arnold: — 'I hare long thought that the greater part of the Book of Daniel is most certainly a very lata work, of the time of the JMUceabees ; and the pretended prophecy of tho Kings of Greece and Persia, and of the north and prophecies in Virgil and elsewhere.' 'Cyrus is said, in many commentaries, to be a type of Christ, by which I understand that the language applied to him is hyperbolical, and snifs properly only Him who is the real Deliverer of Israel and Conqueror of Babylon. And the passage about the ' Virgin con ceiving,' &c; , has a manifest historical meaning-, as applied to Isaiah's wife ; the sign being one of time, that within the growth of an infant presently to be born Syria and Israel should be overthrown.' — Sir R. Palmer asked wcether the passage just quoted from the writings of Dr. Arnold was not from a private letter!' — The Rev. Kr. Voysey : Very possibly ; but it was contained in the published account oi cis me. — ine proceedings were tne adjourned. ? CONTINUATION OF ME. VOTSEY's DEFENCE. The next day Mr. Voysey resumed bis defence by observing that his object had been, when speakine of the Bible, to sweep away from the path of his fellow men everything which might place a barrier of distrust between themselves and God — which might. lead them to doubt His justice and to question His love. In justification of this, he referred to the works of Mr. Maurice, and again to Bishop Thirl wall, quoting the following passage from a charge delivered by his lordship in 1862 : — ' A great part of the events related in the Old Testament has no more apparent connection with our religion than those of Greek and Roman history. The history, so far as it is a narrative of civil and political trans actions, has no essential connection with any religious truths.' 'The numbers, migrations, wars, battles, conquests, having nothing in common with the teaching of Christ, with the way 'of salvation, with the fruits of the Spirit. Coming to tho formularies of the Church, he maintained that he had never spoken of them with disrespect: Why was the liberty of criticism to be denied to him which was exercised by the members of the Ritual Com mission in speaking of the Athanasian Creed, and in respect to which the Archbishop of Canterbury had said it would have been a wise course if the Com mission had decided that it should not retain its place in the service of the Church. Bishop Thirlwall protested against its compulsory use ; whilst in the Artules it was asserted that the Creed was thoroughly to be received and believed, because it could be proved by most certain warrants of Holy Scriptures. The present Dean of Westminster had declared that tho parts of the Creed which were at once most emphatic, most clear, and most generally intelli gible, were tbe condemning clauses, which gave most offence, and that .these clauses attested, in the strongest sense, a doctrine now rejected by the whole civilized world. All that the Dean could say for it was that it had a certain historical value ' as an exposition pf the teaching and manners of the Church between tho fifth and ninth centuries.' As the Creed had been freely criticised and condemned, he pleaded only for free dom of speech on points which had either been left open questions by Parliament, or which were treated as such by the Archbishop of Canterbury and a large proportion — perhaps a large majority — of the clergy of the Church. With reference to the doctrines of the Resurrection and Ascension. Mr. Vovsev main tained that his teaching might throughout be recon ciled with the words of the Thirty -nine Articles far more easily than the words of Dr Perry, Bishop of Melbourne, who, in a sermon preached in 1865, had said: 'Although the Lord ascended as man jn that human nature which He had assumed, yet we must not suppoie that He carried with him into Heaven the same body of flesh and blood, wherein He died and rose again ; for, as the Apostle Paul has expressly declared, flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God.' As to his denial of Mediation, he sub mitted that he had only denied it as identified with the popular notions which imposed any third object between the soul of man and God. With regard to Atonement and Reconciliation, Mr. Voysey said it was true that the second article spoke of Christ as reconciling His Father to us, and it was equally true that he, in his teaching on this subject, had expressed himself in those terms from the Bible, in which man was spoken of as being reconciled with God. The inconsistency was simply in appearance. For his language generally he might claim the sanction of men whose orthodoxy as clergymen of the Church of England had never been called into question. Although the orthodoxy of Dr. Newman had never been questioned, yet he had said, ' Justification, as all allow, and as has been assumed throughout, is a state in which we are acceptable and pleasing to God; as, then, is the mode in which we please God, so is tna mode of our justification. Now, it is plain, from St. Paul, that the regenerate please God, not merely by the imputation of Christ's obedience, bnt by their own obedience; and so far may they be said, through His secret grace, to justify themselves.' Mr. Voysey then came to the connection of the Incar nation with the doctrine ef the Trinity. According to Canon Liddon, the personality of Christ remained always unchanged. The human nature which he puts on it, as he expressly says, 'a cloak' — a meta, phor which scarcely expressed the inseparability spoken of in the second article, and appeared directly contradictory to the fifteenth. He (Mr. Voysey) contended that this scholaslic dogma was not present to the minds whether of the clergy or of the laity generally, who, if they were asked whether Jesus was a human person, would distinctly answer in the affirmative. The point which, he urged was this— that the clergy generally, in reference to Canon Liddon' s definition, if that view was the only lawful one, were practically heretical But they, along with the Canon, retained their positions in the Church, and he claimed the same measure of compre hension for himself. He had only carried out to its legitimate conclusions the sublime statement — ' There is but one living and true God, everlasting, of infinite power, wisdom, and goodness, the Maker and Preserver of all things, visible and invisible.' He had clung as closely as he could to the simple bat grand confession of faith, ' I believe in one God, the Father Almighty;' but in doing that he had been compelled to run counter in spirit to the Tri theistic doctrines which, though denounced in the plainest terms, were yet believed to be taught by the Church, just as all Tritheistic teaching ran counter to the strong Monotheistic declarations in our Articles and Creeds. Of Holy Scripture he had taught that it 'contained all things necessary to salvation.' What, then,' had he done amiss f He had drawn from the armoury of the Bible,' and especially from the reported saying of Jesus Himself, his strongest weapons in attacking error and superstition ; and for that was he to be condemned as a heretic ? He conld not suppose so. Although his accusers had nevei yet ventured to meet one of his arguments. they surely did not wish it to go forth to the world that they did not care to inquire whether what he had taught were true or not. In short, if the ques tion of the welfare of the Church was allowed to have any weight in settling their lordships' decision in this case, he could not do better than quote the words of the Archbishop of Canterbury in a letter to the Patriarch of Constantinople, in which his Grace said said: 'If the Catholic Church is to retain its hold upon the hearts and lives of men, this must be by loyalty to that ideal of its worth and character which we find in the Holy Scriptures. What is this ideal ? It is that of a spiritual society, ? united by spiritual bonds, and existing for the great spiritual end of making the earth more like heaven and men more like their Lord. It is that of a brotherhood of manifold diversities, not limited to one portion of the world which Christ came to save, but absorbing into itself all that is great, noble, and true of all ages and countries, the soul of each mem ber being the habitation of the most hisrh, and his body a temple of the Holy Ghost.' He prayed, therefore, that he might be fully acquitted. — The Solicitor-General then briefly replied. — The Lord Chancellor said that their lordships would take time to consider their judgment. 