MY ADVENTURES AND BESEAeCHES IN THE PACIFIC. SefS [By a Mastee Mahinee.]H) CAPTAIN MONKS HAW' 8. NAB&ATIVE;— (OONTINOED.).' 'She would not permit me to lea^ e until night had fallen, and when I returned to my house I felt in no humour to join my native -friends, who, after their supper, fell as usual to singing and dancing in the moonlight on tho sand. When at length they had retired to rest, I strolled off alone to a long distance from the village, and passed the night in wander ing by the margin of the soa, and in revolving in my' mind the strange incidents of the past day. 'The love ot this woman nadsnared me like a net; the risks to which I had bound myself were terrible ; not that I regretted my promises — far from it — for mv heart leaped, and my pulse quickened with pride and defiance at the thought of being her protector, e 1 en against the most hopelesa odds. ' £ was over head and ears in love, and had. already experienced just so much of it as would determine me to encounter, if need be, the most deadly perils on the chance of being able to rescue Rhea. A day or two ago I would ha--e run great risk but to get speech of her ; now I had gained my wish, apd so far from - being in any degree released of my enchantment, I was ready, on occasion, and with a free will ' to give up life for her, and go where a man lies with , all his loves put out, and his lips full of earth.' ' I took out the strange token she had given me, and regarded it by the light of the moon, and fell to meditating on the mystery of its origin. 'From whence did that ancient wanderer come f Who had bequeathed it to his children P It was e' idently of bronze, but whether molten or graven I could not Bay. For -what use could it have been intended? In shape it was like a plummet,' but it did not seem to be heavy enough for such a purpose; of a truth it must have been hollow. . The elaborate ornamentation ot it was like workmanship of China ! or Japan. Could this Loro have been a Japanese mariner, driven out of his conree to this remote 1 island P Such -things have happened, even in onr : days. Not many years ago a junk from that country arri ed safe at the Hawaiian Isles, after . having drifted helplessly about the seas for eleven months. Another was cast upon the shores of' Oregon ; and still more strange, there is an authen- j do reoord of a bronze bell of Japanese manufacture .having been seen among the natives of the North Island of New Zealand, who said that it had been found years ago, buried deep in the earth under the r roots of a tree whioh had' baen torn up on their coast by the wind, ' TMb island was not much mora | than half the distanoe from the Japanese boast of 1 «ven Hawaii ; so that seemed. io settle the question. Iioro must have been a Japanese or ChineSe navi gator.; but he had 'not arrived in the company of Asiaucs. ?, 3}pubUees ihe^ftdTjeeh', capt .first on «om j other isle, and had left it m company-' with strolling, lavages; and here he dwelt anil pined, and looked out daily from the top of his lonely tower, anxiously. Scanning the 'horizon in the futile hope - that a for tunate wind would One day bring some gallant junk, with ' sails of silk and ropes of sendal/ to bear him baick to his i.piratical village by the, muddy waters of the great Yane-lZej there would he ciuebrate his 1 return witn tinkling bells, ana bum ingot odoriferous pastQes at the shrine. of ^oss. Back fo the Celestial flowery land; the land of light and melody^ paper I lanterns and sonorous gongs ; to. the feasts of beohe le-mer, and birds-nest soup ; and tolthe arms of the delicious'dainsel with thei stumpy feet and almond eyes. 'This then fully accounted for the' strange absence of religious, belief pf these people ; their abandonment of cannibalism, and of the worship of their ancieht idols; TMs disciple of ' Confucius had doubtless indoctrinated, .them . with the cynioal materalism of his ; countrymen. Many other pecularities of the natives' oT this island appeared to oonfirmthis hypothesis. : They built 'stone houses, and made canoes without outriggera. ^ They hod a: form of; marriage, and.a practice of executing crimi-s aals by jdccapitatiou an the Oriental way. .Of some families among them, the males shaved their heads,' leaving on the crown a long lock after the fashion of Tartar tribes. ' But here a difficulty presented itself. There was no trace of Mongol descent in the countenance of, the woman who had so bewitched me, neither in that of the king who was her kinsman ; nor yet in (he visage of any giving soul I had seen upon the uland.' It was not possible that all the so decided characteristics of the Mongolian type should have been utterly obliterated in three or four generations ; the flat features, the slanting eyes drawn up towards the temples, the lids that when the eyes were closed seemed to fold inside, the coarse, straight, horsey hair. , When I conjured up before my mental vision the eidolon of my glorious mistress; her splendid hair — black, it is true, but so soft and silkv. full of, way y ripples glistening in the sunshine, with a golden tinge, streaming almost to her heels, coher ing half hefbody like a garment ; her broad, low, marble forehead, her ' straight,' dark, brows; her great, lustrous, dreamy eyes, gleaming under the Sing, soft lashes, that fringed the alabaster lids (those wonderful eyes that had cast such a glamour over my lonely heart) ; her fine, straight nose and little nostrils ; her full, ripe, rosy lips, carted like a oupid's bow ; my ingenious theory of the nationality of her white ancestor, fell to pieces lik6 a castle of ' cards, and my perplexity increased, so that I grew ; sick of speculating, and I returned sorrowfully to ] my quarters shortly before daybreak, and cast myself down on my old oouch, and straightway fell ; into a deep sleep. But my spirit slept not, but seemed to arise and, wander out into the night, like a restless ghost. Down the white, Bandy pathway, under tho feathery palms, which waved their whiBpering fronds between me and the moon; through the silent Btreet, by the king's gateway, where the white skulls xanged along the coping of the wall, grinned and blinked with their cavernous eyes. Had they ever been lovers even as IP If so, they bad come to the end of every man's desire ; they had finished their little game, and thrown down the bones. Even so! Omnium venustatam mors abolet ; my turn will crane soon enough. In the'meanwbile, I will live and' love as|best I may 'Mnftt nf Ihn nninvmnntjanf AYlRfannA flnnntya fnun mere imagination, and it were well sometimes that men would be content to be so deceived. . ; ' My companions had become so accustomed to my habitual -taoilurnity and liking for strolling about alone that they now took but little notice of my movements' So about mid-day I got rid of them, and by a circuitous route made my way to the little Morai. ' I found the old woman seated in the sunshine on a bench outside of her door. She bade me welcome in her usual manner, but there was an odd expres sion in her withered face, a sort of oomio satisfac tion, like a glowworm of the grave, glinting in her rheumy eyes. I could understand it, it was the remembrance of what had happened yesterday, and seemed to plead to me, 'Ab, you young and happy oneB, how . much of the light which illumines your merry days do you' sometimes owe to the old and forlorn t ' We who have outlived the love and even the pity of our kind, are ye not often beholden to us .to unlock for you the hidden spring wherein lies the magic elixir which makes of your gay lives a paradise ?' This was what her loon conveyed, though she had not wordB to explain' it ; and I took hold of her shrivelled hand as she .made room for me on the seat beBide her. 'You no longer distrust me,' she inquired. 'Forgive me,' I replied. 'It seemed all so strange, and my life is so full of danger and fear.' She did not answer me, but seemed to be tracing figures in the sand with her stick. ' ' Tell me, ' said ,1, ' about Loro ; from whence came he here T ''He came from the westward,' she replied ; ' but we do not know where bis land was. In those days our people had seen many men like him. They, came sometimes from the rising, sometimes from the setting sun. The first came from the east. They came in great canoes or ships, and our people were afraid. .Three ships came within the. reef, and made fast close to the shore. All our people hid themselves , in- the woods; but gaining courage came by degrees nearer to the strangers. Icemen (or gods, as our people believed them to be,) Were rod ; but the.ohiefs .who were over them shone, fire like in the sun. They were not made like the other men for they were put together in pieces; we do not see men like those now.' ' 'ti pieces F* said I. 'What do you meanP' She stooped down and picked up a land-crab which crawled under the bench, and laid her -finger upon, its joints. -' Like, this,' she said, hard as stone, and bright like still water when the sun Bhines on it; and they had fire in their mouths, and smose came out ot wen nostrils; ana they waved some things in their hands which looked like a flame or sunbeam. And one pf them came forward with a green branch pf a tree in his hand, and one of our chiefs, whose name was Atapa, a brave man who feared naught, went np'to him and smellad his falce, and they became friends; and Atapa called his brothers out of the wood, and they all smelled the strangers. And Atapa went back to the wood, and he and ibis family'killed a young man and skinned him, and gave it to the strangers to eat; but they were angry and buried it in the Band ; and our people; were afraid; but no hprm came of it. And then our women came . to see the : strangers, and the strangers were kind to them ; and Atapa and his friends brought their wives and sisters, and the strangers were pleased, and made love to them, and ' gave them all manner of beautiful ' things ; and our people discovered that they were like other men when they had stripped themselves of their hard shells, only that their bodies were white all over. And. so many.- daya passed by, and -still the strangers remained. One day Atapa and dther brave men went on .board the largest ship, and the strangers made great thunder and lightning, but they made signs to Atapa and his people not to be afraid,. And they saw wonderful things, of which the story has been told to us. In the ship were houses with -living creatures in them, huge , and terrible to look at, and in the finest of these houses Was a woman — a white woman, with' a red mouth and bright eyes, and round her head were stars like the Matariki, juBt as bright as the stars in the sky at night. And Atapa was afraid of the woman because the Btrangers all bent down before her as we do now before theiing. And the woman did not speak to them, but only to a man clothed in black, who was there, and he told hiB companion what she said. And there was much wailing of our women when these etrangers went, and children were born tothem on the land after they were gone. And when Loro came he had scales on his body like the rest, ? but cast 'them off after he had lived hue for a time. He was a tall man with a long beard, and our people at times were greatly afraid ot him. He had. several sons by our women, and he tattooed them all with a mark like that (drawing a cross in the iBand with the point of her staff). You will see it on stones about the island; the people caii it Loro's mark. It is on his grave, which is on the long north point of tbe island where his tower used to be. His grave was made years before he di- d, and the great stone made ready wbioh covers it, and he inade them cut that mark on it. His sons. and grandsons were bad men, and killed one another ; they have been a family of murderers, but there has been no eating of men on this ialand since Loro ctube. When I was a little girl there came white men. here, and the king treated them well for a while, but. hiB kindness was only to deceive them, for at last he killed them all and burned their ship, afte taking everything out of her. It was from that ship, and another one which had been taken before it that all (hose fine things came which you see in the king's bouse, and there is much more you have not seen, 'There was a 'white man livinghere then, and it was he who advised the king to do this. He was a bad man, and had been thrown overboard here from i a ship close to tbe land by some sailing strangers. He swam, on shore and the people woutu 2*ave WUed gun but he behaved.in Such a strange way thai! f be kwg would n5t have him killed. Ge jumpXirfit n'm who tried to catch hto, and leaped that high wall that is befb» the king's door ; he would got 'Oh the top if a tall pole and drink a bow? of kavu standing on his head. I have seen Mm do it. He king said he was a devil, and so would not. have him killed at that time. The people called him Malolo, because he could leap like a flying fish. He was a bad man; he it was who persuaded the king to kill all the white men of that ship, and helped to do it. After tho ship was taken he wanted something out of her which the king Would not give him; so he stole it, and the king, knowing he ^i&d; done s'o, had him skinned alive. The fikiri is somewhere in the king's house to this' .aiaioio nau a mark on his left shoulder like a bird. If you were to see the skin you might know perhapB what manner of man he was by that mark.' 'Probably, thought I, a JTrench galley «lave of the Bourbon day, branded with ±Jicur~dc-hjst and I fell to pandering what . strange men do find their way into these unknown £eaa , , ? -MHOw many men's litee/' I inquired, ' is it since Loro died ? 'In the time/ she answered, 'of mv fitther* s' father — he was the vaiangaitu. or devil's priest: He it was whn fnW mi uhrtnt ' fPkta 1 ? woman 'could not be far from a 100 years old. ''Will the come to day?' I asked. 'No,' she replied, 'not to-day nor to-morrow, thi third day from this, at midday.' I arose and departed. The old_ woman's information had made the mystery plain enough. This Loro was a Spaniard, doubtless one of' the crew of some ill-fated Manilla galloon which had come to grief in some way, of thiB there could be no doubt. This island lies in the direct foack from Acapulco to the Phillipines, between which places, at least, one vessel used to eo and return every year, in the early part of the 18th century. Sometimes several vessels made the voyage in company. The old woman's account of men in armour (as she. evidently meant), of tho animals in the shi and of the Madonna - with her. crown of stars, and the b ack-robed priest who ministered before her — could not have been an invention of savages ; but it was evidently the truth that these isolated people had been more than once visited by great ships of the ConquistadoreB. That Loro was one of them was equally certain, for he also was in harness when he came : his use of the sign of the cross, and the fact of the islanders having an idea \ that is speech was different to that of the white men they now sometimes see, was evidence enough that ; he was a Spanish Catholic. His building a tower, and looking out so persistently till the day of his death, were oIbo accounted for. He knew this island to be in the. direct route of the galleonB which yearly passed and re-passed between Mexico and Manilla ; perhaps he had removed to it from Bome other island for that very reason, and I returned to Bpecu- ' lating upon the lump of bronze ; perhaps it was nothing after all, Bome Chinese curiosity which he might have have picked up at Manilla, some toy of neither use nor value which he might have given to his children to play with: and they might have invented or imagined the story of what he said about it, or have mistaken his meaning in Borne way. Still 'my mind was not satisfied. I sat down by the wayside and examined it again. I had seen Chinese boxes, padlocks, and puzzles, of both metal and ivory, over which a man might rack . his brainB for ever before he could of himBelf find out the way to open them; but which was, nevertheless, simple enough when you did know it. ' Ionoe wasted a good deal of time in trying to find out the secret of how they managed to cut those wonderful balls of iyory, of which a number of diminishing size are contained within one another, I all alike curiouBly carved with diverse figures, yet I all apparently from one solid piece. I broke one with a hammer with no other result. I sawed another asunder and was as far as over from the solution of the question. At last, after destroying several of these beautiful ornaments, I was enable! to cry Eureka ! _ I boiled one of them in a pot, and the ivory being thereby softened and swollen, disclosed the ingenious joint, which opened at once. How this piece of metal had, as I said before, the appearance of a seam round the centre of it, and 1 continued to wonder whether there was not some way to open it. The black spots at each end like the eyeB of a cocoa nut (which doubtless gave the women the idea that it would grow), what could they mean ? A bright idea struck me all at once. They were exactly opposite to each other ; perhaps they screwod it together and these holes may ha ve been intended for the reception of some kind of a key to produce u. sufficient leverage to Btart the screw ! I picked them with the point of my knife and found they were indeed holes ohoked up with hardened rust. I reool lected that I had seen, in the house where I lived, a piece of wire which would just about fit them. I went home and procured it. It was about the hour when all the househould were taking their siesta, so mat i was quite tree Irom interruption. I poiutod one end of the wire upon a hard stone and cleared out the hole, so that it passed through ; I then broke it in two, and, thruBting one half through each end of the metal, I endeavoured to unscrew it ; my hands trembled with excitement and the porspiration stood iu thick drops upon my face, for I had thoroughly Persuaded myself that there was something inside, strained at it with all the strength of my wrists and fingers but to no purpose, and was obliged to abandon the attempt. Nevertheless I did not despair — I was certain that it was hollow. I knew that the king had a file among his treasures as I had used it when repairing one of his muskets. Tomor row I would borrow it on some pretence, file the piece of metal in two, and so see the inside of it. I knew that this Chinese metal was very hard but patience and a file would divide it in time if it were adamant;: The total eclipse of the sun in the ensuing Decern- . ber, is regarded by scientific men. as a phenomenon of great interest. It will be the only total eclipse of the' sun observable during the remainder of the present century. M. Bulard of the Observatory of Algiers, is reported to. be making extensive arrangements for observing' the eclipse^ spectroscopically and photographically in Arnheim Land, in the north of thin continent : and an expedition will be sent to the north, from Melbourne, for the same purpose. Indeed, the eyes of the whole., scientific world are now turned upon the proceedings of the Melbourne astronomers, and hence, we hope, they will acquit themselves as true sons of science. Some points have . yet to be decided, and others con firmed by the observations that, it is hoped, will be made along the line of totality, the total eclipse wi 1 last about four minptes in Arnheim Land, and conse quently there will be ample time, if thun'derstoruis do not obscure the Bky, for taking photographs, and mi Ic ing both telescopic and spectroscopic observations.- The photographs taken during the last eclipse, notwith standing the ill success which attended some of the observing parties, -have proved beyond all doubt th it the corona is a true solar appendage; that there, is a connection between the radiated and the riog- fuimed' corona; that the height of the bright inner corona corresponds with that of tbe outer corona ; that one of the lines in the solar spectrum is identical with Kirchoff's 1474, a line seen in the spectrum of tl e terrestrial aurora; that the region in which the Fraunhofer lines nave their origin is an atmoBj h^i c envelope, whioh may be from two hundred to three hundred miles in peipendioular depth; and that what has been hitherto oalled the Cromosphere, ai.d regarded as an atmosphere, it is not of the natur - of an atmosphere, but consists of a multitude of rosy prominences, resembling the large promineiM es in everything but size. These are truly great results, and astronomers are now rejoicing over them, in all the observatories of the world. It is hoped and expected, that the observations made in next December will serve to confirm them, and throw additional light on the physical constitution of tbe corona, respecting which a great deal has yet to be learned. The line of totality will pass over the Nielgherry hills in Inula, which, from their height, will present many favourable points for observation, and thither, most likely, will repair most of the obsei ving parties from Europe. The totality there will be about two minutes, affording ample time , for the taking of photographs, and for observation. ' What a piece of work is man I How infinite in faculty ; in action, how like an angel ; in apprehension, how like a God I' 