LITERATURE. Literary Notices. THE late Professor Oonington, whoso rather untimely decease was a source of deep regret to most scholars and poets, translated tho Satires, Epistles and Art of Poetry of Horace into English verso, but scarcely lived to see his translation through tho press. A translation by so renowned a scholar was naturally expected to be a true translation of tho original, a faithful exponent of tho mild satire and mellow wisdom of tho great Venusian, and which, on account of its scholarly characteristics, and iho excellence of its metro, would bo regarded as a boon by tho English ronder. Wo bring the work under tho notico of our readers morely to show thom t.iat it ia ono of tho best translations of aa admirable author which can bo bad for money. During the year in which tho lamented Professor's work was published, a most genial, and in many cases happy, translation of the Odes, Epodos, and Satires of Horace, by Mr. Theodora Starlin, wa3 also pub lished. This translation is considered, by tho best judges, to be ono of the best yat made, not only on account of its fidelity to tho original, but also on account of tho ease and exccllonco of its metre. A fe v quotations from both translations will show how differently two writers ot almost equal merit as poets, although perhaps differing in scholarship, can express tho samo thoughts in terse and excel lent English. Tho latter lines of the passage refer ring to the liberality of Horace's father in Book I., Satire 6, is thus rendered by Professor Ooning ton : No ; wlillo my head's unturned, I ne'er shall need To blush for th .t dear father, or to plead As mun oft pload, 'tis Natttro's fault, not mino, I cam-j not of ii bettor, worthier line. Not tints I speak, not thin I fuel : tho plo* Might serve another, but 'twere baso m mo. Should fate tills mo nent bid mo to xo back O'er all my loiigth of years my life ro-traolc To it* lirdt hour, mid pick out such douisont As man might wish fur n'en to pride's content, I should rest sitlsfted willi mino, nor chooso, Now parents ducked with senatorial shoo«, Mad most would think mo, sano, as you'll allow, To waive a lo.id uo'cr thrust on me till now. Setting tao " senatorial ahoos" asido, we think Mr. Martin's translation of tho sumo lines is smoother and moro satisfactory to the English ear than tho Professor's version. " Mr. Martin trans lates ; Now, I know, More earnest thanks anil loftier praiso I otro. Keaton must f iii mo er« I cea,T to own i With priuo, that I IIAVO such a fatlior known : I Nor shall I stoop my birth to vindicate, Hy charging, Uko tho beril, the wrong on fate, That I was not of noblu liueugo sprung ; For other creed inspires my heart and tonguo. For now should Nature bbl all living men Ile trace tholr years and live thom o'er again, JCach culling as Iiis inclination bent, His parent for Liinsolf, willi minc content, I would not chooso whom mon endow as great AVlth tho insignia and tho seats of state ; And thongh I secrnrtd insane to vnlgarcyes, Thou would'st percbaneo esteem nie truly wi o, In thus refusing to assume the caro Of irksome stale I was unused to bsar. " Tho insignia and tho seats of state" throw thf " senatorial shoes" into eclipse. Both passages hav< tho necessary roughness of a translation, for u trans lator must sometimes si cri (ice tho graces of poetic embellishment to fidelity. This is well seen in £ parallel passage in Goldsmith's Truvellor, iu whicb tho bard, free to write IIB hi« gonins prompts, anc ha7¡ng most piobubly the allusions of Horace to hil father, or a school-ghost of thom flitting before hit mind's eye, apostrophises hi* brother. Kemoto, unfriended, melancholy, slow, Or by tho lazy School, or wandering Po ; Or onward, wbero tho rudo Carinthiaa boor Against tho houseless stranger shuts tho door ; Or whoro Campania's plain forsaken Hos, A weary wasto expaoding to tho skio3 ; "Where'er I roam, whatever realms to seo, My heart untravelled fondly turns to theo : Still to my brother turns, with ceaseless pain, And drags at each remove a lengthening chain. The styles of both theso translators in tho pas sago which represents tho field mouse entertaining a guest (Book II., Satire Otb) stand in admirable contrast. Tho Professor says : He sparoi not oats nor votches ; in lils chaps liaising he brings and nibbled bacon scraps, Hoping by varied daintios lo entieo His town-bred guest, so delicate and nice, Who condescanded graciously tn touch Thing after thinpr, but never would take much, "While be. tho owner of the mansion, sato Ou tlireshed-out straw, and spelt and darnels nto. Mr. Martin renders this very happily in octo syllabics. In brief he did not sp.aro bis board Of corn aud pease, long coyly stored : Raisins bo brought, and surap3, to boot, Half gnawed of bac ni, which he put AVitb bis own mouth beforo lils guest, In hopes by offering his best In such variety ho might Persuado him to an appetite But still the cit with languid eyo Just picked a bit then put it by ; Which with dismay tho rustió saw As, stretched upon some stubbly straw, Ho munched at bran and common grits Not venturing on tho dainty bits. The English reader, to whom the advantages of a liberal education have been denied, will find both the translations from vthich wo havo quoted excel lent moana of becoming ucqaainted with Horatiau wisdom. Mr. Francis Turner Palgrave has written, and Messrs Macmillinn end Co. have published, a volume of lyrical poems, which, if it does not contain the best pootry of the season, contains at least many lyrics that are both mellifluous and respectable. In the poem called Melusine wo have a description ol the abode of tho heroine, which might almost tempt us to wish we were by her side. The legend is celtic and ancient. Gray mountains all around Immovable ; green meadows bosom'd high Haunted with solitude ; tho clinking bell Far off. yet nigh, Where tho still herds like spots of shadow dwell : lush aspens by the lake Level pastures ; and tho hidden nook Whoro, o'er worn boulders arrowy breaking by, Tho clear brown brook Makes stillness stiller with its ono sweet cry. Gray mountains all around : Above, tho crystal nzure, perfect, palo ; As if a skirt of Eden's beaven forgot Arcb'd o'er the vale, Guarding a peace beyond earth's common lot. There is much lyrical sweetness in tho Recollec tions of Childhood, and much that will rocull to tho reader's mind the happy timo when he gambolled in innocence around his mother's knee. I lovo thc gracious littleness Of childhood's fanciod reign ; I. Tho narrow chambers ,ind tho nooks ?That all tho world contain ; The fairy landscapes on the walls And half-imagined faces ; Tho staira from thoughtless steps fenced off, The landing loved for races ; By stranger feet thc doors are trod That still in thought I soo ; But tba golden days of childhood May not return to mo. Theso are fair and typical samples of tho poetry contained in this volume, and may whet the reader's de dre to seo the wholo. Dr. Goodwin, Professor of Greek at tho Harvard University, in tho United States of America, has rovisod and edited a translation of Plutarch's Morals, which has been published by Litllo, Brown, and Co., of Boston, and which ia considered one of the best translations of Plutarch's miscellaneous works yet given to the world. Some English critics are rather annoyed that America should havo the honour of publishing such nn excellent translation, because tho fact of its being published thero indicatos a rather widely diffused taste for classical literature among tho American pooplo. An introduction, by Ralph Waldo Emerson, ie not tho least valuablo part of tho present volu n o. Tho translations which Dr. Goodwin has hero given, in a rovisod form, are by rainy different hands, somo by Crooch, others by Baxtor, and others by inen of less noto. Some of them aro very spirited, and required scarcely any revision, whilo others very bald needed badly a hoat of additions and amendments. Amongst tho formor is the story of a Boinan, who teated his -wife's power of keeping a secret, by tolling her a fiction, when sho hm requested him to reveal to her ono of the secrets of tho shite. The story hus a counterpart in almost ovory litoraturo, and an echo in almost every household. In our litoraturo wo havo much that resembles it, tho scene of tho talo being UBU illy laid amongst tho mysteries of free-masonry, or other equally provoking arcana. Tho devico of tho modern wng, who proposed to form a telegraph by placing a largo number of ladies in a lino, and communicating tho nows to tho lady placed at ono oxtrotno of the lino, in order that it misrbt bo rapidly transmitted to tho lady ut tho other extremo is but a modification ot' Plutarch's genial description of feminine weak« noss. Tho Iloman had told his wife au untrue tale in answer to hor importunities, and had then gone about his business. Plutarch eaya ; No soonor was ho gono but Iiis wifo caught hold of the first of liar rniiids that entered tho room, and tiiun striking her breast nnrt tearing ho* hair, " Woo is mo," said she, "for my poor husband, and dearest country ! Whit will beconiB of us?" prompting the maid, as if slio were doiirous that she should s:iy to lior, "Why? what is the matter mistrcs?" Upon which silo presently unfolded all that her husband had told her ; nay, she forgot not tho common burden with which all twattle-buskets conclude their stories. "Eut, hussy," said she, "for your lifo, bo sure you say not a word of this to any soul living." Tho wendi no svonur got out of her mistress's si: ht, but meeting ono of her fellow-servants that had little to clo, sho unbosoms herself ; Rho, big with tho n-iws, with no less speed runs away to lier sweetheart, who had come to pay her a visit, and without any more aiio tells him «H. By thia means tho story flow about tho market place, boforo tho first deviser of it could get thither. Pre sently, ono of his acquaintance meeting him, ankuri, "Did voa coma straight from your house?" .'Without any stop pago," replied the other. "And did you hear nothing?" enid Iiis friend. "Why?" quoth thc other; "is there any news?' .'Oh!" quoth his friend, "A lark has beorí flying in thu air, with a golden helmet upon her head, and, a spear in her claw, and tho Sonata is summoned to consult about it." TTpon which, tho gentleman rm.liing: "God-a- mercy, wife," Qiiolli he, " for being so nimblo ! Ono would have th alight 1 might havo got into tho market-place before a story so lately told had time to get there ; but I seo 'twa3 not to bo douo." Plutarch was an arch rogue, yet there was wisdom in his roguery. The present revised translation of his Morals will help to perpetuate his fame, amongst those who aro unable to read him in any other lan guage than their own. 