MY FRIEND CHING. [from chambkrs's joubsau] VSKC I. — O0NTIHDKD. Lake was not a saint Very fortunately, as I strolled into tho verandah to light my chsroot, my notice was attracted by a btrango smothorcd noise of blows, moan?, struggling, and the sounds of someone trying, in a half -sn tfocated voice, lo ' cry aloud. I hurried to the spot whence the noise proceeded, a terrace of bricks, facing tha canal, and within the cardan -ftnt- flnf Mr 'Rai-nftt.'a yamun, and there I found that it was Ching, who, more than half -choked, was tiying to cry out, while Lake, his face quite livid with rage, held him by the throat -with one hand, while with his hea\y rattan he dealt upon the boy's writhing body and limbs such a shower of merciless blows as it sickened me to see. Poor Ching ! He was in fault, certainly, but seldom, has a triSing ' transgression been so luthlesaly punished. I saw ; that the lad's face was bruised, and his clothes cut through by the cane, asd I shouted to Lake - to hold his h&nd;, but he did not hear me ; and ? wnen. l reacnea xne place wnwe no was sun be laboring Ching, and laid my hand upon his arm, he turned on me with a snarl and a display of white tcoth that would have done credit to a savage dog. '* Leave off !' ho exclaimed ; 'mind yoorown business, Mr. Spiingfiold ! ? What light to dictate' ? ; . v ' 1 will soon showyon,' I said, growing excited: . : in ray torn : 'give me np that stick, you mad man :' There was a momentary struggle, asd then the rattan was in my hand, not his. ? ?,' : 11 Take your grasp off the laa's throat! (Jon. : : found you, you aro killing him !' said 1, as soon as the cane was in saier custody ; aud. indeed poor Ching was purp).o and chokiug. ,; ' Cum the lirat !' growled Late, as tha boy dropped, exhausted at his foot ' What matters that yellow vonnin to you ! I'll fling' him, ?neck and heels, into the caual.' , ?-.. ?: ? .- . ' Do, and 1 will throw you after him,' -was my answer ; and Lake, who knew that I waa con siderably the stronger of the two, merely gave me a dark look— 1 had reason, to remember it afterwards — and let Gliing crawl, unmolested, out of his roflchu He sobbed and panted piteocsly for want of breath, and there was a smear of blood on his cheek, but no bouea wexo broken ; that i the best course would lie, if possib|e, to bring Lake into a raoro wholesome framo of niind. I had no wish, if I could help it, to make liicu an irreconcilable enemy of tlio boy, , by any further mortification to his pride. As tor a complaint to Mr. Barnet, I haaVnot only 'an English public schoolboy's rooted aversion to tale-bearin& bwt I yell knew that my good uncle was not propared fo regard a Chinese lad as entitled to tup , same forbearance as if he had been born in Berkshire or_ in Suffolk. Tho merchant looked, upon such pliant aliens as Chine very much' as many well meaning old-fashioned persona at home are apt to think of the lower animals. Feed them, .by all means, ho would havo said, and do what you can, according to their lights, to. make them happy; but if they wax saucy and kicky to flo«j them into obedience is tho only policy ? if .the chastisement trirned out to be'execssive; 'so' much tbo w.orse, not' for tho judicious, floggcr; but for tho unlucky llogeo. My undo would, not dismiss his American clerk for anything short of positive manslaughter, where a native was in question, and a reprimand would simply embitter' Lake's feeling of hostility towards tho boy, and do more harm than good. . : _ Accordingly, after drawing from Julian a sullen but accurate* account of Ching's transgression, and franklv acknowledging that he had caubo for anger, although tho practical manifestation' of his indignation had taken too extreme a. form, I' improved the occasion' by pointing out whai;, from my point of view, was amiss in 'his handling of the case, and how it behoved a Christian gentle man to deal with the heathen inferiors, who. had aright to expect more generosity and self-control from him than from tho.se of lower pretensions to civilisation and enlightenment. I don't pretend that I -was very eloquent, but, at anyrato, I know that I was at once earnest and wishfnl'to con ciliate ; and, to all appearance, my harangue pro-' duced a more satisfactory effect than the discourse of a more finished orator often is so fortunate as to effect. 'Lake, who had heard mo with his brow knit, and hia eyes riveted on the ground, presently looked up with a bright, . pleasant smile, and,, without [showing any traco of his late passionate, wrath :_ 'Hang it ! Springfield,' he said, in his old genial way, ' yon were right and I' was wrong.! I beg your pardon if I was rudo to yon j anil I Would beg Ching's, on my soul, I would, if only he could understand that I meant it. Yes, you are quite right; I forgot myself, and I'm' sorry for it now, and will make all the amends in my power. I know what a blaekguard I must seem to you, half murdering a poor ignorant yonng wretchj for what, afterall, I should have had to crin and bear, if one of our Irish hired helps in New York had done it, as I have known them; do worse things in the blundering line. t Upon my word, I am glad you came, to save the ' pour boy, aad to save me from myself, for I had: fairly lost my head, and hardly knew .what I. .was. about. PoorChing! Tlltiyifa little, silver ointment, won't cure those bruises of his, and he shall have a smart new jacket, and the finest cap' money can buy in the bazaar. But — won't you shake hands with me, Springfield, and— and try not to think worse of me than you can help ? You wero not born on a plantation, down South, and used to hear the smack of the wbipin your early child hood, as I was, worse luck !' , 'Lake was as 'good as his word. Ho gave Cbing a flowered- silk robe, a pair of black satin boots with soles about two . inches thick, and tho upper satins of which were gorgeous with, gold butterflies, to say nothing'of five Spanish (tallars, and. a Pekin cap adorned with such gaudy em broidery, that the lad's playfellows did not 'ven- ture to approach tho wearer with their accus tomed familiarity of street-comradeship, but merely hooted him from ? a respectful distance when ho went abroad. Also he gave me' his ?word never to repeat the experiment of manual correction, let Ching's shortcomings be ever so glaring : and ho drew from me, without, exactly asking for it, some sort of promise to keep silence on the subject to both Air. Barnet and my cousin Constance. Lake admitted that he would not like Miss Barnct to regard him as, to use his own ?words, 'a barbarous planter;' aud hcKpokewith much good feeling of the disadvantages to which his own youth had been exposed, reared as ho had been among' slaves, and having imbibed from infancy the strongest prejudices of caste and color. ' When I am quite cool,' he.said,'! can bring myself to admit that a Lascar, or a Chinese, or indeed anybody, red, black, or brown, 'is, in a eence, my equal, and that the difference is but skin deep. But when I am riled: the bid Adam is too strong for me ; and early habits of thought make me act and speak in a way that I often re gret afterwards, I can assure jou.' , .: Altogether, Lake spoke very nicely indeed ; and I began to reconsider ray opinion of his character, and to think that I had been hasty in the un favorable judgment which I had formed of him! He never did ill-use Cbing any more, nor did ho show the slightest resentment towards myself for iny' very summary check to bin bi/jh-bandeil pro ceedings. The Chinese boy, ' on his' part, never failed, after that day, to exhibit a marked defer ence for Julian, and a readiness to dp his bidding, which ho evinced towards no other, inmate of the house ; and there' was something degrading in tho sight of the way in which the boy would cringe and cower when Lake gave him any trifling order, hiding his deferential hands with his loose sleevea, and drooping his meek eyes to the ground. I had often heard that an oriental cherishes a sort of grateful affection, akin to that which a beaten spaniel is presumed to feel, for some aggressor from whom he has sustained unmerited injury ; and unquestionably Ching's demeanor towards his late persecutor went far towards confirming this seemingly perverEO theory. Still, at times I have soon an odd light begin to glow in Ching's felino eyes as he watched Lake turn away, and whiob. combined with a queer tightening of the lips, and a clawing motion of the long-nailed flngcrH, sug gested to me at intervals that Ching'a memory was more tenacious of a wrong done to him ' than a casual observer might have supposed. About this time thero occurred a circumstance, insignificant in itself, but on which subsequent events were to throw a lurid and terrible light. I was returning oneeveningat dusk from an outof the-way suburb of tho Chinese city, far from the palaces and warehouses of the wealthy merchant)), native and foreign, of Shanghai, and where an English face was a rarity., A fow years earlier, it would have been madness for a European to have risked himself, unattended,, among that maze of a'leyB and narrow', fetid canals, on the banks of which the crumbling huts of tho poor, built chiefly of cane danbetl with sun-dried mud, were crowded togetherin all tbo picturesque sqa'alor of an eastern town, It was pafa enough at tho time of which I writo ; foreigners wcro held in high esteem an good cnfitomern and invincible fighters, and I could lravcn:e this peopled wilder ness with perhaps greater security than that which I should have experienced, after night-fall, in the streets of London. The motive which had attracted me to this unsavory quarter was trivial enough. Consignee was fond of birds, and bad a pretty aviary, behind tho wires of which all mannor of feathored songsters of outlandish aspect piped in shrill chortm ; bnt, in spite of all care, there had been a great mortality among my cousin's gaudy plumaged pets, and I had undertaken to procure a fresh supply of newly caught warblers. The suburb of which I speak is the great reBort of roving bird-catchers, wha annually arrive with many cages full of little tuneful captives from the wooded and moun tainous provinces to the southward, and which .. they sell to tho rich OhineHO residents^ gome ef ?whose yamuns aro crammed ? with every variety of bud. aad' beaat that money can'toyr X'b#d- met with no success, howovor,,;fqr the migratory dealors in theso feathered ' treasures had , not, , as uBrial, arrived, and nil my inquiries word fruit less. .? ??? ? ..?,?......??..?.. .* .????Mi' I had noticod, too, nioro than one sign .of i.the times that filled me with vague but gloomy apprehensions; of doming ? evil. The people wore unquiet, andthero was evidently a restless spirit abroad among them, a spirit that denoted expec tation,, so far as I rould:judgo,. rathor ,tban any deliberate puritoso; But tho old apathy was gouo, and with. it the childliko aptitude for being amused, as children aro, without a thought, be- yond the .simple pleasure of the moment., ..That populous suburb'was commonly enlivened towards nightfall by tho beating of gongs and small drums, tho squeaking of the rced-ilulo, and the hoarso .voices of the - many street-dancers, jugglers, and itinerant cbarlatanfij whoso open- air, , exhibitions arc to tho lower class of Chinese what : tho galleries of tho 'theatres aro to tho drama loving poor of Paris. Thero wore on, this particu lar evening few of thoso familiar sights to bo seen ; and tho ono puppet-show, and tho two companies of dancing animals, with a tamo bear ' for principal performer, and a few mangy mon keys and sad-eyed dogs in. crimson ' paper-frills* and- peacock-feathers, which had advohturcd forth to appeal to public patronage, were pining 'in tho coluahado of ncglcot. - Tho men .gathered together in whispering groups ; and the womon. as they tottered on their preposterous feet to fill their gleaming brass pitchers and blue pipkins with water, wcro less clamorous and lees merry than of old. Even the little folks at play among the rubbish-heap, or making dirt-pics beside tho shallow canals, wore chanced for' the 'woreo. They had grown turbulent, nourishing scraps '6f ,laths as though they wero swords, executing/ ^imic marches at the heels of tattered generals nino years of ago, and parading to thorough music of a conch-shell trunipot, and a drum roado of an old calabash, while.a rag on tho point of a switch 'waved as a' banner over the heads of tho Lilliputian army. . '.,'.'.' \- No direct insult, and no posilivo menace, did I meet with in my walk; but some of the men scowled at mo ; the females, on the other hand, having rather a Ditying and sorrowful expression of countenance as tho European stranger passed them by ; and a few of tho hardier urchins shouted : — . ....-,? ' Foreign dovl', foreign devil'! ' There you go — thero ! tbe'ro you go !? ? ! . Funqui. iu black hat !' ? A few weeks earHer, I thought, as I.passed on, none of these youngsters would havo dared to utter a disrespectful word in the hearing of any European. The mob of Shanghai, within a short space after the signing of tho treaty guaranteeing our freedom of trading and residing in China, had been thoroughly taught that outbursts of tho old jealousy of the foroignorwero highly reprohen sible. Tho mandarin police, with then; long sticks, had completely cowed any surly sentiment of national inorosencss on the part of the rabblo ; and besides, tho Chinese areas tractable aa any people on this earth, and can bo managed with ease, though' always on the unimplied 'condition that they do not feel themselves the strongest. Oh that evening, I felt suro that mischief of soine kind must be brewing. ,;;, ? At the corner of a narrow lane, where a tall fence' crested'with iron' spikes defended a Btrip of .well irrigated garden-ground on ono Bide, while on the othor stood a row of tumble-down hovels, built of rotten bamboo and, mats, : and thatched with- flag-rushes cut in tho river- bed, stood threo men conversing. They were' just parting company: when I camo within earahoti and one of them, half-mechanically, as it scorned, stretched out his hand as ho said some words of farewell. Now, handshaking is not a Chinese mode of salutation, and something singular in this valedictory act, and in tho hesitating man ner in which tho_ proffered hand was accepted, caught my attention at once. The man who had held out his hand to bo shaken was a tall fellow, voung, to judge by bis litlie figure and upright bearing, but so curiously huddled up in looso white clothes and a wide-brimmed hat of tho. coarsest straw, ^ that nobody could easily have guessed Ihb nationality. He wore no robe, but a loose l long' jacket. .apd baggy trousers of Bomo stouthomespun fabric, with a yellow silk sash and Chinese slippers.: By tho nature of his attire, ho .should havo been a seafaring man of some sort, but whether a tawny Lascar from Madras, a Portuguese from Macao, or some stray deck-hand out of a Canton junk or a Malay proa, .it was impossible to conjecture. Shanghai con tained, many coasting sailors of every variety of complexion, from sooty black Jo a fair Swedish skin-tint, and ' of every religion from that of Mumbo Jumbo to MormoniBm. : . ?? ' ; ! Tho seafaring man seemed vexed with himself, judging from his. gestures, at having given his hand to ono of his two companions. Perhaps he thought that it was an act, in such a place, of a compromising character, or one calculated to attract attention ; but at anyrato he did not offer to renew the handshaking with tho second of the -two men,. undoubtedly Chinese, with whom he had been so. earnestly conversing. They ex changed only a word or two more, and nothing reached -my ear but this ono speech : ' Let the dollars be .ready, then. Unbar tho gate, and leave it to us to do the rest,' , It was not the sailor-looking man who had said this. The speaker was the taller of the two lands men, and I noticed that he tvpoko verv slowly and with a careful emphasis, just as we all of us apeak when we wish to be understood by a foreigner who needs to havo tho sense of ourdiscourso made very plain to him. He employed, too, tho pure literary language, without the corruptions to which daily experience in business had accustomed mo, apd his accent was correct and clear, though the voice itself was a nasal and unpleasing one. . Just then a red paper-lantern, borne before sorno notable Huburbau trader who was rich enough to be escorted homo by a couple of obse quious servants, threw its ruddy light upon the group, and especially on the Bailor's face. Good heavens j it in Julian Lake, hero, of all unlikoly places, in such company, and in such a garb ! In another instant, and as if shrinking from the light of the criiDBon lantern, Lako waa gone ; but the other two men, laughing low, ana mutterirjg to one another as they came slowly on, pasBod me f.o .closely that the nlcevo of tho taller of the two brasbed roe as bo went by, and I bad a fair viow of them both. Queer looking persons they wore, decorously dressed in blue cotton and, black eat^n, hut dtmty and travcl-Btairied, while I noticed that they had long hair, tho very wearing of which is in China a heinous political offence, and that both of them had a very strange indescribable expres sion of face, which no wordft of mino can nuito convcv, something half nly, half silly, wholly brutalised, fiuch an ono might expect to nco stamped on tho counttnanco of it vicioim and feeble-minded fanatic. Onco, and once- only, had I seen such an expression «n human far.cn before, and that was when sonio Tao ping insurgento, brought into Shanghai, pjy.Bod me onthoir wny to execution. As I walked homo that night, I pondered much on that singular fencontro with Julian Lako and bin wild friendu, What could it all'mcanl ;-.,.,?.?, ' i i ? I'AUT II. ?'. I say, Springfield, old fellow, I advise you to shut up your booka, and look to your riflo. Lot the old ledgers take caro of thcrnfiolvoff. Wo munt fight, not write, unless wo want all our throats cut, The Tae-jiings are coming down, coming on uh like locusts. Miller and Uowman were on tho Nankin Road, and camo full upon the whole army of them. Tbcyhad to take across fielda, I toll ybul and rido like mod, while tho rebel rascals wpp^ied-tloai right afad' left;- No joko, match-' look balls and arrows showering all about a: follow !!' It was young Hall, one of our juniors, who burst breathless into the counting- houso, ono quiot, sleepy, sunny' afternoon, to eminciato this astonishing nows with a volubility that admitted of no check. ?.., . ? ; , .. ? . ,; ' ' They aro not hurt, either |of them ?' said I, af tor a pauao. ? ??-'?' ? ' Not to Bpdak ofj' answered my informant, lighting a cheroot. ' Bowman's mare camo down, at tho last ditch, and gavo him an ugly fall. Ho has lost his hat; and 'looks as white, as a ghost. Miller was hit in tho knee— only an arrow, but wo couldn't cut tho barb out with a penknife; so, ! wo had to send for old. Proby, tho, surgeon. , ' Hq|11 , bo hero directly;' ' ' t' '?' '' ' Theso tidings, unpleasant as they were,' were by no means, to mo at least, unexpected, for 'months past tho great army of tne northern, robols had been hanging like a, . threalouiiy! {thundercloud over the most important' of 'our troaty-porta, and it ? was daily made more palpable, that without European sup port, tho authorities of tho province could not cope' with the swarming multitude whom tho mixed motives of superstition and lovo of ? plunder had drawn to tho Tae- ping camp. The mandarin, governor-general had, .with un usual energy, ' got togbther a largo forco, but it had as jot proved : itself merely a military mob,' ill paid, ill-trained, and undor Buch slack' disci pline, tnat imperialist troops wore nearly, as great a source of terror to the peaceable country people as even the long-haired insurgents, whose watch word was extermination. And now it was clear that what tho wisest heads among the European community had expected had at length come to pass : the rebels had slipped past tho mandarin army, unable or unwilling , to risk /a battlo in the open field, and Ward's, Bmall contingent , of disciplined Chinese could no longer bo . expected to hold in check the gathering masses of the Tae'-pings. At' this pinch, and with no olliciont protection at hand front either our own government or that of China, it behoved tho European settlement to take care of itself. ' ' ? '? '? ' That we were quito ablo, for a timo at least, to dofend our own Iivo3 and property, vory fow in Shanghai would for a moment havo disputed. The^olony was a large one, and two-thirds of the foreign residents, at the lowest computation, were English. Tho immense value of tho commercial wealth atstfiko gave an additional motive for a ^esoluteresistance, and life is dear to alii There was not one of us, from the veriest greenhorn lately disembarked from the I'euinsular and Oriental Company's packet, to tho sallow old merchant, who had coined his youthful years, to all appearance, into dollars, and transmuted his liver into gold, who did not know that our only hope of safety was to show a firm front to the long-haired robbers who wero presently to prowl, wolf-like, ' around our dwellings and warehouses. Mercy, as wo were well aware, was a quality more often written of in Chinese poetry than'exs hibitcd in Chineso practice, and only tho cer tainty we should sell our lives dearly would pre vent pillage and massacre. ' ' ' i The peril, after all, was not so very, great. ' We fprmed a powerful body of ? local volunteers, every man of military ago shouldering a rirlb in our rnnks ; while we could rely on a number of sea men from the shipping in harbor, and on the cjrows of the few small vessols of war just then available. Of the handful of imperialist troops within tho walls, the less said the better. The high Chinese officials kept publishing the most ornato gazettes, in which they proved,, by ejaborato arguments and cogent facU, that the ?rebels wore everywhere beaten, discomfited, ? hunted, and hiding from the victorious legions of the all-bountiful emperor; but not a bouI , in 'Shanghai paid tho slightest attention to theso rose-water bulletins. We all know that, at the fist approach of danger, our valiant defenders' would vanish like ghosts at cockcrow ; and that until the admirals, French or English, should re- . ceive reinforcements, wo must ioly on ourselves alone. ? ? ''' ? ' There was little business dono in Shanghai thenceforth. . . The roll of the drum called out the able-bodied -residents to arm and drill, and tho. pen was exchanged for tho musket, much to the delight of Bomo of our younger brethren, who' would, I suspect,, have preforred to earn salaries by perpetual military preparation, to winning them - by the prosaic duties of tho cfesk'.' Thon some marines and bluejackets wero landed; cannon were placed in battery among cotton bales and fascines ; barricades were erected ; and the gun-boats anchored so as to present their' broad- ' aides to the quay. ; doors wero strengthened and windows made securo by the help of mattresses - and Band-bags. Altogether, wo presented a very imposing appearance : and those who know the country best were tho most confident that wo should not be seriously assailed. The ladies, for the most part, boro tho announcement of tho rebel advance very well and calmly. My undo bflered to send Constance away by sea, should she feel tho least apprehension ; but the dear girl told him, smilingly, that sho would rather, stay and trust to him and CouBin Harry to pro tect her ; and so it was settled. The European quarter might not,- it , was thought, bo molosted at all ; ana in any case, tho row of mansions on tho Vermilion Canal, each of which was largo enough and-troDg enough to havo served for a gaol in case of need,, might be trusted torepol the attack of enomies whoso cruelty was notor iously more conspicuous than their courage. The worst and most provoking feature in tlio caeo was tbo effect produced upon the lowor classes of Chineso by. tho threatened advent, of the audacious rebels, whoso successes, rumor, trurnpot- tongucd, had blazoned abroad through out tfio vast realms of Ohina, and whose design of driving the Tartar dynasty back to Manchoona, and of installing in tho emperor's palaco at , Pekin tho ' Heavenly King' and tho ' Prince of Peace,' had for some time since appeared no idlo dream, but a probability , greatly to bo dreaded. Wo in Shanghai, and, 1 may aud, wo European residents in every treaty-port of China, wero now almost as hostile towards the Toe- pings as oven a mandarin could bo. At first, we liau hopes that a brighter day was about to dawn over that great fossilised empire of tho cxtrcmo East, that in magnitude dwarfs all our kingdoms. We com mercial men looked for a freer intercourse, and' a break-up of the old morose spirit of exclusion, that has bitliorto rendered tho swarming Chineso all but boings of another race from thoir folLown ' born under other skies. Tho missionaries- wero attracted by tho tidinga that a now religion, founded, as wo wore told, on Christianity, had sprung up and flourished among themultitiidcs who flocked to tho Taoping standard. Wo all hoped that something better and moro wholcHomo than tho old stereotyped dcath-in-lifo of Cliincuo uivilit-ation would result for a country in which wo could not but tako »oino interest, scanty as our knowledge of it, in Hpito of tho long ox porionco of somo and tho hard toil of otliorH, perforco roinaincd. ' ' '' '' Jiut tho European community of Shanghai hod been pretty well cured of any sneaking kiridncso for tho new rebellion, now eating up, liko a canlcor-worm. tho fruitH of conturiCH of patient' industry. , Wo h ml fit first been gleeful at. tho idea of gotting rid of our old Hturnbling- blockx tho mnndurlns, with their shamolcHH greed, their tedious ctii-jiiotto, and all tho hcart-brcukiiig, monoy-iuiclting dolnyu of tho imperial Oliinciio Circumlocution Oiiico. Hut ya^ wcro forced to/ own thut ovon tho urifitocrooy of literary ifraduatou^ had merits whon compared with' tlio ooKtroyora v/ho wore socking to supplant them. Tho xao pingH loft a doHcrt boliina them wherever thoy went ; imil irto.st of ufi had Been grim nigljtH, and all of us bad hoard ulorica, too ugly '* to po'rd pcated, which showed vtk what sort' of blossings thoso woro which tho new deliverers wero in tho {habit of bestowing on a conquered district. But ; that a nest. of tecrot sooictics, all afiiliated to Tao jpingistn, existed in the populous city of Shanghai, jwas a fact well known ; and no ono could doubt tthat when; tho first glimpso Lof the Tcbol, army phonld bo seen, a rising would, take placo among tlio poorer, people of tho suburbs. Our domestic servants: porters, and wharf-stevedores, for in btanco, bccanio strangoly excited as tho inaur gonta approached. Some' left us ; somo ref uBcd to work, but hung,scowling about the doors until) thoy were drivon off ; and a .fow wont on quite keadily, paying no moro attention to tho wild reports that flow about than if thby' bittl been1 so many automata. Most of the sorvants'in' my uncle's yaruun belonged , to, tho last category^, They wero quiet) decent natives from the interior, . all hired by the portly comprador, who was him self as rcspoctablo a Cinnamon as -over wore a pigtail,: and thpj; had about, as,- much . idea! of joining tho Tao-pings as. they would havo, had of enlisting 'in' a legion of invading cockroaches. But everymombor of ; tho colotay was not so fortunate, and we heard pitoous .complaints from' ladies who bad to dress tho family dinner, and from ''? gentlemen :' who' woro lolt with .verandahs unawopt and boots unblacked, because1 cook, and sweeper, and maty- boy wero off;, to . join ' the . onward rush of the plundering: hordes outside. ,', | Lako's behavior undor these circumstances was. very praiseworthy. He look up arms withl the utmost alacrity in defence of tho Bottleraent, and no. ono spoko. more confldontly than did ho /of' our certain immunity ? from, serious injury., Bo was, on account of his remarkable aptitude for soldiering, in somo little authority among us : that is to say, he held. tho rank of lieutenant ot tho company, of volunteers in, which. I served in the moro^hurnblq capaciiy.of color sergeant, and ho was nevor absent from 'drill, arid ncyor albth rulinhm ^self-imposed task of gotting our' raw riecruits^ into knowing the righ t, foot from.. the left,' and the stock of a riflo from its muzzle., ,1 was not quite'so well pleased/ however, by' tho' ' fact that he found time to pay Constance a great ? cloal of attention. , flo was : unremitting, in his martial duties, and yet, somehow, he managed, to be a good deal in the drawing-room, rattling' liia sword,- exhibiting bis handsome figure in its well -fitting uniform, assuming the' most becoming attitudes as he leaned against ^ho window-frame o!r the marblo ; chimnc^-pieco; and altogether ' playing tho carpet knight so skilfully,' that! own to have felt a twingo or two 'of not 'unnatural . jealousy. 13ut Constance reassuredime, ' Harry, dear ! sho said oho day, ,' I am always gldd to seo' you— don't look vain', : you ' conceited boy ' !— but oh 1 you cannot think what a relief 'it is to mo when Mr. Lake is thore, and, you como in, and put, as in the' case of that man in the Zauberflote, a padlock oh his lips. ? Ho teases mo, ?Harry, and he frightens mei Don't look angry ! I was foolish to use such .a, phrase ; but tho fact , is that ho docs frighten mo, though ho docs it so plolitely thatno lady could'tako offehco at a word he say 8. Do you think, if he 'had 'said a eyllablo that was really tbreatoniDg,tha(; I should not havo gone te papa at once, instead of to you. Harry— you blundering boy; ' who would' quarrel ' with him in a- moment if I ' would lot you ! but ? you must promise to bo very patient,- and. I'll toll you all about it.' ? . , ,/ , And from what Constance told mo, I gathered that Julian Lake's conduct ' had of lato been singularly enigmatical, and calculated' to inspiro uneasiness^, even in the mind of ono Icbs predis posed against him than Miss 'Barnot hod been from the first. Ho spoko ostensibly to reassure her as to her own security and that of tho Bottle ruentj a^id nothing could bo hotter chosen than: were his words ; but at the same time, by dark, hints of 'some approaching' peril,. by vagtio allur siona to some shadowy but - imminent danger hanging pverthc house, and f rom -'liich ho alono could save her, he contrived to instil more fears than his specious representations could dissipate, and Constance never failed to'fe'ol uneasy and un happy after Qne, of theso interviews with our: Anjorican.frjend., ? ,,, . ,,-,,.,.., , - ?. ??. j''A'nd ho hatca you, Harry— J Ttnow ho docs,' Constance .would say, in voluntarily breaking down with a sob at the. end of hen narration. 'If you had seen tho dark look that comes over his face when hehears your voice or your stop with*-'. : out, and noticed the glittering brightness of his' ; eyes, for one moment only, : and the -wicked ex pression, half frowning, half Bniiling, that cornea over his' dfeadfu], false, \ handsome face, .you would believe that he hated' you: ' And then it all passes off like a reflection in a looking-glass; and when you como in, you; find him bo natural,' and nice, and friendly, that I almost ask myself whether I have not fancidd all the rest, and whether such dissembling really can be.'1 ? My own private impression was that Constance was mistaken. I thought it very likely, indeed, that Lako should have taken the opportunity of this alarming Tae-ping incursion to snow himsslf, as far as possible in the charaoter of a paJadin, and to clazzlo the eyes of Constance,; if ho could, liy | taking on himself tho part of a cheap sort of hero. Probably, too, ho desired to heighton tho imminence and the importance ot the coming danger, with a viow to heightening his own merits as the knight errant whoso right arm was to pro tect tho distressed damsels of Anglo'-Chineso society from peril ; and though that kind of thing was not much to my tosto, , I , could hardly find it in my heart to blame him, A man is not vory angry with anothor man for sighing after his lady-love, whon hois quito sure ot the steadfast faith of tho betrothed ono. Ho rather fools, in suohacasd, a kind of pity for the poor fellow, ' whoso misplaced passion is, after all, a compli ment to hiB'Choico, and who throws away his timo and his attentions so unprolitably. Of cours'o, I hod not forgotten tho very.qucor com pany in which Lako had been found, when I hod ko unexpectedly encountered him on my return from tho suburb. It was odd that, at such a momentous timo, a clork in our firm should havo bcon remarkod in confidential communication with two strangors, who, unless thoir looks belied them, were not moroly Tao-pings, but arrant scoundrels into tho bargain. But ovon for this I could find a reason. That Julian Lako, in spito.of his liberal salary, and whatever allow ance ho may havo received from his rolatives in America, was in debt, was no socrot among tho junior mom bora of our society. Ho had, as I ' knqw,'. borrowed various sums at interest from1 Chineso usurers.: and it wan not unlikoly that tlio , men with whomlhadsoon him hud ill-gotton cash to, lend, and woro not abovo turning a penny by lending it. Cortainly tho words I had ovorhoard pointed to Bomo pocuniury transaction, . although thoy ratlior implied that Lako was to furnish dol, lam instead oi . receiving them ; but thiH was probably some crronooun rendering of tho npoukor's reul meaning. I had heard beforo thin that hion of EOmo littlo jiuhotanco luid mado great prolilK by impairing, undci sufq conduct, to tho Tito-ping camp to buy up, at low ratcw, tho Hi-oila willi which their army vim glutted ; and I know too wpll how dohiieratoly an ombiirroHsnd limn will dutch at any duo, howovcr dubious, by which to oiicapofrom his difliculticH, to wonder that Lako flhould conHont to havo doalingn ovon with wretches liko theso, , Lako, though tho lmprcwuon which ho }-ro- ducod uxjnn tlio mind of ConHtanco was by no inoatiH bucIi as ho -would havo desired, woo not ??without ono fonmlo.woH-wlslior undor tho roof of tho iJarnct mansion. Aunt Annio, nu wo ufilled !'lipr,'woa a'grcat aunt of h in, and novor failed to Hpcuk strongly in his favor. Thin litdy wan a. poor rotation of , tho L'iirnotH,. cortainly not nnaunt, andj I b'ollovo, united to tho family by no ncarpr lio of blood than that of a rotuoto WcMi oousln ihip/ SH6 was an eldorly spinster, a Miss Phclpg, vho had long vegetated nt Cheltenham on a tiny ncome,'and who hal been easily persuaded to ' :omo out to China in tlio capacity of chnperon to 1 3onfitarico. Sho was a good simplo ' soul, with a un'd of honest fovorenco for her great relation, klrJ Barnet: 'Quito tho merchant priheo. you crtoW, my dear, ns sho insisted ori dcEcribing him, and was grateful to him for many a well timed present, that had wonderfully facilitated ' tho -liquidation Of her small Christmas bills. But her prime favorito was Julian, of whoso dis (jinguistiod manners and rcroarkablb cleverness aho could never say enough, and whom I ani'suro she considered a' far moro' suitable partticr'for Constauco than myself. Nor was this pi-efcrenco merely occasioned by tho y6ung American's 'un- \- oubtcd good looks', although I think a.handsomo f ico is a passport' that enrries moro weight1 With : r Id- 'women ; than it docs with young ones. . Tho trtith'is that'wo wcro in goriornl, wicicdly dis posed to laugh, ' in a good-natured way, ' at; Aunt AnhiO's peculiarities : whereas Lako wna gravely polito in his modo ot 'address, deferring to her duaint opinions on points pf social ethics, and l|Btcning with well-assumed interest to her tbread baro stories of Cheltenham tea-drinkiugs and tho mild scandals of that gentle watering placo. I am- inclined, though on different grounds, to share tfie old lady's belief that Julian was very clover indeed. , '?'' : Tho advantage of a friend at court, though provorbially^ great, does not count for muck' when rpyalty itself is predisposed against the suitbr ; apd though Constance's chnporon was hevbr weary ' of singing the praises of ' that dear Mr.' Lako, and' always teceived his 'visits with her most gracious smiles, Coustanco herself grew to liko him. less and less eye'ry ? day. ? Thero woro times, ,sho isaid, when his matnor was: gloomy, and , alm'ost fierce, and his languago with rcspeot to the coming troubles, , enigmatical as,, ifc was, might easily have been takoh to imply .an obscure threat of dreadful consequences, suro' to onsuo if implicit reliance woro not placed in liim, Jnliah Xdko', and in him alone. But as I know how natural it is to somo men, not necessarily poltroons, but gifted, with a theatrical variety of courage, to vapor and strut in tho character of a very A j ax before a feminino audience, I meroly laughed at my cousin's report, and. left Lako''to cry Ha ! ha ! at the prospect of the .battle that would probably hcyer comb to pas3. ; .'.-,',..',.; .,. ; ' ' (To be continued in our ntxi.) ,. ,, ,-. ?? i 