MY ADVEN1 Oltris A'.N D . i lt EbEARCH ES IN ; . 0,:>',/: . T,HE l'AOIFIO. ' -.-.[BY;*^!^^"»,!!^»!^^^^"1;1; ';''_,r!.: 't n>»rliv Mr>NMUAÍv'B-NAlÚlATirií-(COSTINUM.). '.'» " ¡She wou(<l,nur. permit ino to.leu.o-until night hud füllen, nod whim I r return td to my lioitse Ifelt in no humourito : join my tuiit ve . friends, who, after'their supper, ifeHiis .usual tu .einiring and dancing in.the nwonlight dn the aiiniL ;VVhon nt length they had retired to IR'S t, I strolled off 'alone to along distance " from tho .willalo, and pinned the night in wander | ing'bjr'the ruiirgiriof the sèà^and in' revolving in ; any mind the stränge incidents 'of tho punt day. : . " ."The love jjf th!*, .womiui hud snared nieltko a net; the risks to which I hud hound myself ¿'ere 'ikjrHblo ; not that I regretted .my pcomisea-fur from it-for my heart leaped, and, my ptfke quickened with pride and defiance at tho thought «f being: her ;protector, e en against the mostiojotdeea odds. , ., . , " I waa .lover bend 'and' car« in ' love, ' and had already: experienced just 'BO* - match of itos ' would determine nie to' encounter,' if seed , bej tho moat' deadly perils on tho chance .of. being ablo to rescue Rhea, A day or two ago 1,would hai o run great risk but to got »peech.of her ;. now. I had gained my wish, and si far from being in any, degree released, of my enchantment, I waa, ready, on occasion, and, with* a' 'free will to -give up lifo, for her,' und 'go whom a man lies with all his lovca put out, and his lij a fnll of earth.' " I took out tho strango tokon shohad given jab, j and regarded it by tho light of tho moon, and foll io { , meditating on tho mystery of its origin. ' ¡ . "From whence did that ancient wunderer come? Who hud biqueitthud .it'to his. children f , Itwin* evidently of bronzn, but whether molten or graven I could not say; For what use could it have been intnnded? [ In shape it waa like a plummet, but it did not neem to ba heavy enough for such a purpose; of a truth it must have been hollow. The elaboratt I ornamentation ot it was like workmanship of Chi nu orjapim. ' Coul l'this Loro hnve been a Japanese mariner, driven out pf. his course ' to this, remote island P , Such things have happened, eveq in oin I days. Not many, years ago n junk from that country arri ed eafe at tho Hawaiian Isles, after having drifted-helplessly, about tho seas'for eleven .months.' Another was cast ; upon .''tho .shores of Orogon; and still moro strange, there is an nuthen tio record of ii bronze bell of Japanese, manufacture having been seen among' the natives of the North : Island pf New^Ze'alarid, who, said. that', it had/'been. ¡Ound years ago, buried deep ia tho earth under the roots of. a tree which had been torn, up,on their I Coast bv the wind. This island wan not. muhh moro I than hñlf the, distance from the Japanese coas oven Hawaii ;'so that soomed to settle thoquésti Ijoro must'huvo been a 'Japaneso or Chinese nu gator; but ho had not arrived in the cumpanj Asiatics.' Doubtless he had been cast first on so other ¡ele, and had left it in company .' with strolli savages; and hero he dwelt and pined, and .loos out doily from the top of hia lonely tower, anxiou scanning the horizon in the futile hope that a f túnate wind would one day bring some gallant jut with 'sails of «ilk and ropes of sendai,' to bear h back to bis piratical vi llago, hy the muddy waters the great Yung-fze ; ' thero would he celebrate ] return with tinkling bolls, andburnin< of odoriferc postiles at the shrine of Joss. Back tb tho Cel«st flowory lurid ; the lund of light and molody, par: lanterns .and.sonorous gongs ; to the feasts of beet le-tner, and birds-hest soup;, and to the arms oft delicious damsel witf, the stumpy feet, ¿nd «Imo; eves, - Th-j1 then fully accounted for.' the stran ansenco of. religious: belief of, thosé people; thi abandonment, of cannibalism, and of the worship, their ancient idols. . This disciple of Confucius h doubtless indoctrinated them with the. cynic máteralUm of his countrymen. Many oth peculurities of the natives of this island appeared confirm this hypothesis. They built stone house und made ounoes without outriggers. They' bad form bf murringo, and a practica of exeouting prim mils by decapitation in the Oriental, way.- Of son families among them, tho males shaved their head leaving on tho crown a long lock after the.. fashic of. Tartar tribes. , " But here a difficulté presentad itself. There wi no trace of ? Mongol descent in tho countenance i tho woman who had so bewitched me, neither i that of tho king who was her kinsman ; nor yet i tho visage of any giving soul I hud seon upon tl island. It was not possible that idl the so decide characteristics nf the Mongolian type should hav I beon utterly obliterated in throo or. four generation! tho flat features, the slanting eyes drawn up toward [thu templos, tho lids that when the eyes, wei closed su timed to fold inside, the coarge, stratgh horsey hair. , When I conjured up before my menu vision tho eidolon of my glorious mistress ; he splendid huir-black, it is true, but so soft and silk} full of wavy ripples glistening in the sunshine, wit a golden tingo, streaming almost to her hecla, cb> ot ing half her body. like a garment ; her broad, lon marble forehead, her straight,, dark,;, brows; he j groat, lustrous, dreamy ayes, gloaming under tb ' long, soft lashes, that fringed the alabaster lids (thoa i wonderful eyes that hud,cast suoh a glamour.ovo my lonely heart) ; her fine,, straight nose and litt] nostrils; her tull, ripe, rosy lips, carved; like ; J cupid's bow!; my ingenious theory of tba nationality of har white ancestor, fell to pieces liko a castle o carda, and my perplexity increased, sci that I gre'v sick of speculating, and I returned sorrowfully t< my quarters shortly before daybrouk, - and. cos myself down on m. old couch, and straightway f.11 into a deep sleep. But (my spirit slept hot,,,'hui seemed to uriso and wander out into tho hight, Uki a restless ghost. Down the white, sandy pathway, under tho (feathery palms, which waved theil whispering fronds between me and the moon ; through tho silent street, by the king's gateway, where tho white skulls ranged along the coping ol tho wall, grihnod and blinked with their cavernoui eyes. End they ever boen lovers oven as I ? If so, they had come to tho end bf every man's desire ¡ thoy had finished their little -gamo, and thrown down the bonos.. Even so ! Omnium venmtatam mora abolet;', my turn will come Boon enough, 'Io the'meonwhilo, I will live and lovo asjbest Imty "Most of tho enjoyments of existenco springs from mero imagination, and it were well sometimes that men would bo content to bo so deceived. " My companions had become soacoustomedtomy habitual taoiturnity and liking for strolling about alono that they now took bot little notice of my movements' , So about "mid-day I got'rid of them, und by a circuitous routa made my wäyto the littlo Morai. .. ; ; "I found the old woman seated in tho sunshine on a bench outside of her door. She bude mo welcome in her usual''manner, but thero was an odd expres- sion in har withered taco, a sort of comio satisfac- tion, like a glowworm ot' tho grave, glinting in her rheumy eyesi -.' '.'.?..? ?- , ,- ..>,:<\- v '.; I could understand it, it was the remembrance of what had happened yesterday,' and . seemed to plead ?to me, 'ab, you younc; and happy ones, how muoh of the light which'illumines your merry days do'-you sometimes'owe to the old and, forlorn? We who have'outlircd the love and ovon the pity of our kind, are ye nob' often beholden to us to unlock for you the hidden spring wherein- lies the magio, elixir which makes', of your\ gay lives" a paradise f' ,,1 This wns what her loon conveyed, though she, had not words to explain it; and I took hold of her shrivelled hand BS sho made room for me on the seat beside her. You no lunger distrust . mo,' she - inquired; ! Forgive nie,' I replied. 'It seemed. all i so strange, and my lifo is so full of danger and fear.' She did not answer me, bnt seemed to be tracing figures in the sand with her stick. ' vi.--: "'Tell me, ' said I, about Loro;..from whence came ho hore f '' , ' -¡j '* ''.Ho oame from the. westward,' ;i*he ' replied ; " but wo do not know where his land was. In those days our people had seen many men like him; -They carno sometimes - from ' the: rising; sometimos .from tho .,Betting! sun.. The first came from the east. :Thoy came in great'canoes or ships, * nnd our people, wero' nfruid. Three ships came within the reel, and made.last close to the shore'. -All our people hid themselves va. the woods'; "but' gaining courage - carno by degrees' hearer to tho 'strangers. Tho men (or gods,'hi our pooplo believed them to bo,) wore red ; but the chiefs who wore over thom Bhone .fire like in tho sun'.' They wére'not made like the' other men for they were put .together in pieces ; wo do not aeà^non.'lilro OinRa now ' ' '' ' ' ' ' ?-' ?' !'.;:?','Iii piecesP'.;Buid I. '."Whatdo you meani" : . She; stooped down , ana picked up a land-crab which : crawled under tho bench, and laid her finger upon its joints. :.' Like this,' ; aha. said,.' hard as atono, andi bright like-still'water when-the sun shines on it; and they had fire in their mouthB, and smoke came out of their nostrils;1 and thoy.waved aomo things in their hands which lookod like a flame or sunbeam. Arid one of ' thom carno . forward with Waroon branch of a tree in his hand, and ono of pur qhieja, WhoBe name, wan .Atapa, a bravo man who feared naught,'jvont up to him and amellad his face, and .they.' became ^friends;',' arid," Atapa " called ' his brothsraout of thu wood,"arid.,they nJl'.Bmblled the strangers*, -j And Atapa went back to tho wood, , and he and his family killed a, young, mari and skinned him, ami iravo it to the'strangers to eat; > but they were angry arid-: buried it in the sand; and our peoplo were afraid, but no harm came of it: , And then our women «ame 'to see the strangers, and the' étrangers were kind' to. thom ; ? and Atapa' arid hût frienda brought their ' .wives arid. sisters, sind tho strangers were pleased, and made lovo toi them, arid ga vd them all manner pf. beautiful, things ; and our pooplo'. diácoyeréd/ that'' they 'wore, like other men when they, had, «tripped themselves of their hard shells, only that their bodies were'white, all o vor. And, «o many days , passed by,, and still''the strangers remained. Ono day Atapa and other brave men wont on hoard tho largest ship, and the strangers made great thundor and lightning, but thoy made signs to'Atapa and his paoplo not to bo afraid. And they'saw wonderful things, of whioh tho story has boen told to us. Tn tho ship were houses with living creatures in thom, huge and terrible to look ut, and in the finest' of thoso houses waa a woman-à whito woman, with a red mouth and bright eyes, and round, her hoad, wero stars like the liaiaxiki, juat ne bright as,the stars in tho sky at night. ¡ And Atapa was afraid of tho woman because the strangers »ll bent down before her as wo do now boforo the iring. .And the woman did not'speak to thom, but only to a man clothed in black, who was thdrc, and ho told hi» companion what sbo said. And there WQB much I wailing of our wgmon when thoso strangers went, and children were barn to them oh the land itfWr tbny wer gone. : And when Loro caine he hud neales on hie bod; like the rest,, hut cast theta ;ofE aftor he. hud livei hfire for a, time." He. waa u tull man with uluru beard,'and our people at .tiiiies wera greatly afraii: of him. ' He had several sons 'by our women, und 4u tuttooed them all with a -mark like that (dr 'win^r1 « cross in the sand with the point of her staff). -: .Yon will see it on stones about tho island;,tho people etil it Loro'i' mark. It is' ou his'grave, ' which is on th« long north point of the island where'his 'lower "iistiri to be. His grave was made years' before ho di -i) and the great atone- made ready which, covers it, and he made them, cut that, mark .on it- ;Hts sons and, grandsons1, were bad men,' arid killed ona another ; they havo .boon a'family of marderer», but there h»Vf been' rio'eating 'of mon on this ?' island ? sim« 'L>ri>; came. 'I Whenol: was à little girl-there came whitv I men here; and tho king treittfed them well for awhil-i, j , but. his',kindness was only"io deceive .them, fur.at. last he kUlod'them'all arid burned their ship, "urtu' tuking. everything out of her. It wits frorntha». ship, and another one .which hud beon taken-before it thai all those fine things: carno whioh you rieoiiii the king's'house, and there is, much more you have no 'seon. ; There wás.'á white man living hore then, and ii was he whb advised tho king to do thia, .He nu a bad man. and had bnnnl thrown ovnrbnairrl hera fnin, a ship 'close.to the land by some sailing »tränst« Ila swam on shore and the people would have bill him but ho bohaved in. such u strango wiy that t hing would not have him killed. '" lió jumped ri« over tho heads of tho rrion who tried to oaten hi and lea. od that high.wall: that is before thu klii| door; he would net on,.the top of a tall p de u drink a bowl of kuva. standing on.his head. I..ha seen him do it.' Tho king said' he wa» a d-jvii, KI so would not have'him killed ' nt that timo. T peuple called him ofalolo,'because he could leap lil u flying fish.. He was a bad man;.-be it waa w persuaded the king to kill all the whit» men of th ship, itnd helped to do it. . After tho ship was taki he wanted somothing out of 'her' wnich the kii would not (give him; "so ho stole it, and'thu kin knowing he had done so, had him skinned aliv The skin is. somewhere in the kind's house; to, th day. ? tri ulolo ha l a mark on his loft shoulder like bird. If you wore to see tho skin ynu uiiiiht kno pxrhaps what manner of nah ho was by that mark "Probably, thought I; a French galley »luve oft! Bourbon day, branded with à j!eur,de-iya, and i. ful to pondering what .strange men .doj.flud. ,tbuir wi into those unknown seas ',. ',, " 'How many men's lives,' Tiriquirod;'' is it'sim Xioro died?, 'In the time,' she1 answered,'4 uf rr father's, father-ho was the / vainngaitu, or devil priest; he it was who told mo about Loro.', (Th woman could hot be far from a 100 years, old. , "'Will she como to day ?' I asked. ; '* No/ si replied; 'not to-day nor to- morrow, th-s third ' du from this,' at midday.' I arose.find departed. L Tl old woman's information had made the mysie; plain enough. Thia Loro wai a Spaniard, duuhtlei one bf the \ crew of some ill-lnteu ¿lunilla gulle« which had come to grief in some way, of thia the: .could bo no.doubt. This island,lieu,in the dire< track .from Acapulco - to - the Phillipiues, betwee which places, at least, ono 'vetssel'vised to go an return every year, in ? the early part of1 the 18t century. Sometimes several vessels' made the voyau iii company! Tho old woman's account of mun','i armdiir;(as ehe evidontly'meant), of, the ahimuls i tho ship, and bf. the'.,Mjidonria.,-with her 'crown i stars, "and the b ack-róbed ípriest .who.^ministère before, her- oould not have, been an invention c savages; but, it was evidently^ the truth: that''thés isolated people had been more than once visited b great ships of the Conquistadores. That 1.oro wa one of them'was equally certain, for he also was ii harness when he came: his ase'of the sign ol' lb. oroas", und the fact of the islanders haying lin ide that is speech whs different to that of the white m-1 they now sometimes, see, was, eyidonce enough tba he was a .^punish Catholic His , building "u tower and looking out so persistently till tho day of hu . death, were also accounted for.. He knew this island . to bo in the direct rout« of. the galleons, which yearly -passed and re. passed between Mexico and Miuillu; perhaps he ; had 'removed to it ; from : BOUIO othei island for that very reason, and I returned to specu- lating upon the 1 limp of br* DÜ»; - per hap» it, was nothing' after all, some Chinese curiosity weich he might havo havo picked up at Manilla, n,>m- toy'-.i.l neither use nor value which, he might have given11 « his children to play with :' ni,d they might, have in ventad or imagined the story of what bb said about it, or hu ve mia til ken his meaning.'in sorna way. -Still my mind was not satisfied. I sat down bv the wayside and examined it again, I bud seen Chinese boxes, padlocks, and puzzles, of boi-h metal . and ivory, over, which aman might raok bis brains for ever before ho oould: of himself find ont. the way to open them;-; but;which was, nevertheless, simple enough when you did know it. "lonee wasted a good deal of timé ¡ri trying to find out'the Beeret of how they managed'to out; those wonderful balls of .ivory,."of which a'.nutnber pf diminishing :size aro contained within one another, all alike curiously 'carved with diverse' figuren,. yet all apparently from one solid' pioca. I br,,ko one with a hammer with no other result. I at wed another asunder and was .us far as ever from.the solution .ot the question. At lost, after destroying .Baverai nf theao beautiful ornaments,-1. : was enabled to cry Eureka!., I .boiled one of them in a pot; «nd the ivory ' being]thereby softened abd,swollen, disolosei tho ingenious joint, which opened ut once. Now this' . piece of metal had, aa I said before, the appearance of a seam round'the centro of it, and Í continued to i wonder whether thero waa not some wiiy to open'it' Tho black spots at each end like, the'nyes of a ou'uiia nut .(which -doubtless gave ; tho -women , tho ideä that it' would, grow), what could they meiinP., ,'A' bright idea struck mo all at once. ' .Tbity- wer« exaotly opposite tb each other ; perhaps they screw«! it together and these holes may havo been, intended/ ir the reooption of some kind, ofL a key to produqo u sufficient levÁraorfl to ntftrr. thn nnrr.w I.I niriknd them with tho point of my knife and found they worn indeed bolos'choked up with hardened runt. ^recol- lected that' I had soon, in the house where I lived, a piece of wire which would just about' flt:; them; .1 »vent home and'procured it. 'It WBB about-th's hour when all'thej hönsohouid wero taking 'their u'eita, .rn that I was' quite free from interruption: '-''I 'pointed ,one end.of. tho wireupon "'a' hard stone and'-.chiarvd out the hole,'so that.i^pasaed'tbroUKb\'iX thtjn brûk'u it in two, and,"thrusting" one'half,'through euch end of tho metal,! ondeiiyoured tp'unscrejy'it ;,niy, ¿únda trembled with: excitement and the perspiration'atm, d iu think drops upon .my, face, for,.I bad thnrfiuthiy persuaded myself that ? thora was. something .inside. I strained at it with all tho strength of my w inls and fingers but to no purpose, and was obliged to abandon the attempt.-')1' Nevertheless dtd»'tv>t: despair-I was certain that it was' hollow: ''Tk'iiew' that the king had a file among his treasures a» 1 hud used it when repairing! ono of his rhûskèts. ''T.í-mó'r'' .row I would ¡hó'rrowjit 'on' somb.'p'roterice/.flle tho piuco of metal .in two) and' ao eeo tho inside of it. ,1 knew .that" this' Chinese,'metal'^ás :!very*' hiir.lilint, patience, and a filo would divido it in timo if it'were/ adamant; ' j .., .;>.,."(.;¡<.....,;',',., ....,.','"-, -jo*, .},«.,". 