A CRUISE TO THE LOYALTY ISLANDS. Br Tomahawk. I. The Loyalty Islands are situated between 20 ? and 22* south, latitude, and 167' to 168* east longitude, and to tlie eastward cf the French colony of New Caledonia, from which they are separated by a deep channel forty-five miles in width. The islands, which are four in number, are named respectively Ura, Tika, Lifu, and Hare, and are surrounded by several small rocky islets, and, unlike the generality of the island groups om nnd holnnir tn the low coralline XtL U1C JL ****** — ww-w— Q ? ' ? ? formation, the most western extremity of the group feeing apparently still submerged and forming a pro longed line of dangerous reefs. Ura consists of one large island, about thirty miles in length, having three good ship passages leading through the reefs into a large and beautiful bay, where there is good anchorage for vessels. The south- eastern part of the island presents an iron bound shore, with no Bounding within two hundred yards of the breakers. The west side is somewhat low, having a 'beach of fine white sand running along the shore of the harbour. Ura is formed of coral limestone, elevated in the south-eastern portion about 170 feet, where it descends in perpendicular cliffe to the sea. It is quite level on the top, and the whole island is thickly wooded. On the western side the soil is ex ceedingly rich, and the plantations around the native villages produce beautiful taro, sweet potatoes, bananas, and sugar-cane. Lifu is about forty miles long, varying in breadth from ten to twenty miles. It has no harbour, but -there is a spacious bay on the north-west side of the ?island. The elevation of Lifu is not more than 200 feet, and, like Ura, it is level and densely wooded. The soil is generally poor except in the small spots of low land near the shore, where the native villages nestle smidst groves of tall cocoa palms. Mare is the next largest island of the group, and for natural beauty surpasses any ot tlie others, being bold . and rocky, and bearing evident traces of volcanic action. It is green with verdure, and a full growth -of tropical vegetation crowds up the acclivities of the hill' from the borders of the shore, which is here and there hedged with coral reefs -against which the waves dash with a loud rumbling sound. The headlands, sharp and craggy, 'have been thrown up by former convulsions of nature \- into various grotesque forms, which assume to the eye ?- the shape of castle and tower, and strange animals of ; monstrous size and hideous form. Tropical palms . abound in the valleys and clothe the summits of the . hills, and give, with the irregular mountainous eleva . tions and abrupt cliffs, a wild and picturesque aspect -to the landscape. As the sun rose above the horizon and the vessel \- advanced under the influence of a gentle breeze, the beauties of the island of Mare stood revealed. Its . sides which here rolled from a central tableland in gentle undulations of fertile slopes, there broke into precipitous crags and irregular rocks down to the coral shore, ana were beautifully diversified by -clusters of palms, waving cocoa, groves of tall stately looking pines, and a rich vegetation of varied hues of green. On the low land . skirting a capacious bay on the north side of \- the island the brown thatched roofs of a group ? ? of native huts became visible as the ship doubled the ? picturesque headland aptly called ' Castle Hill,' from the castellated appearance of the crosB and rocks -which crowned its summit, and gave it the appearance i -of one of those feudal strongholds which look down upon the sea from many a rocky headland in the old ? country. But this was one of nature's own strongholds, not built by the hand of man as a warning to maraud ing freeboeters, but constructed out of the united \- . efiorts of myriads of minute animalcules that had \- originally built this wonderful monument of their labours at the bottom of the ocean until some volcanic freak of nature raised it high and dry to its present ? - elevation. The many creeping plants that mantled ' - its sides contrasted pleasantly with the grey and white coral rock which formed its walls, while the bright ; rays of the sun gleaming on every jutting point made it an object of rich romantic beauty. Had I seen this ruinous looking structure frowning upon a Highland loch, or towering above the rapid waters of the Rhine, I should have instinctively turned to my , guide book for its age and history, and then, gentle . reader, perchance I might have read of the bloody tragedies done within its walls, of ghosts and rattling . chains, of fairy legends, and many tales of 'ye ? brave knightes and foire ladyes who are gonne.' But I write of a country where the sun is very hot, where ? feudalism has never cast its shadow, where romance must be taken cum grano talis, and where the spirit of chivalry is clad in the armour of a rude 'barbarism. Sailing past Castle Hill we entered a large bay on the western side of the island, which is «asy of ingress and egress, and may be considered as : .safe, though of deep anchorage. A ship of light draught can in some places run within the cast of a \- biscuit of the shore, and anchor almost under the ; shade of the fresh vegetation which crowds with its .luxuriant growth the hills and valleys of the island. The first signal from the land was a fire upon the ?white silvery looking sand which bordered tlie blue ?waters of the bay, and soon some natives were dis ?cemed in the distance, apparently watching with ? eager curiosity the approach of the vessel, and as the \- anchor sunk with a splash into the coral depths below the stir amongst the darkies, who could be seen ? .squatting upon the rocks in every conceivable attitude, was strikingly apparent ; each one sprang to his feetas -if by magic, aid greeted us with a cheer which might have been mistaken either for an English ?.hurrah or an Indian ' war whoop.' We anchored dearly abreast of the mission Btation, and before our sails were furled a fleet of canoes came alongside, paddled by a host of chattering natives who soon be tokened no small degree of trading activity by offer ing for sale heaps of cocoanuts and bananas. Then a lig canoe manned by a dozen swarthy, half-naked islanders dashed towards us and brought up alongside the ship. A civilized savage, with a somewhat Jewish cast of countenance and wearing a 6hirt and no trousers, now stepped on board announcing himself by a loud chuckle and broad grin. This gentleman was a converted heathen and an emissary from the court of Natiolene, the head chief or king of the iglo^ to invite us on shore. He was evidently in a great state of excitement on the occasion of our arrival, and seemed charmed by the presence of so many fellow Christians. His invitation was at once accepted, as all felt a burning curiosity to extend their experiences among the strange people on land, and to wander among the beautiful groves and over the verdant hills which look so provokingly inviting after a rough sea voyage. In a few minutes our boat swept grace fully over the water, and under a clear sunny sky the beauties of the island burst upon the view in an ever changing variety of form. Every bay upon the coast and jutting headland presented a succession of most charming prospects. Here was a beautiful valley and mountain stream with the green woods rising from the water, and there another bay almost hid away in groves of tall pines, while a third closed the vista through a long avenue of waving trees whose bending tops united and fenned a natutal arch, through the leafy roof of which the sun's rays as they passed lost their glare and reflected the eye with a cool green tinted light. Eight from the water's edge rose long groves of waving cocoa palms, interspersed here and there with huge masses of coral rock whose sombre tints of grey formed a pleasant contrast with the bright green foliage of the trees and gigantic ferns which sprang up everywhere from the ground. Canoes manned by dark-skinned natives were gliding swiftly hither and thither, and disappearing suddenly into pretty little harbours formed by the coral reefs, or hiding beneath the waving palms that threw their shadows athwart the glittering waves. There was life and animation everywhere as crowds of natives came shouting from the woods and running like imps of along the white coral shore ; but as the sun was almost verti cal and very hot they soon got tired of running and of shouting too, so they squatted down in picturesque attitudes beneath the trees, or stood leaning upon their spears with the self-satisfied air of free born savages. Then there was a hush, and a calm drowsy sort of stillness would creep over a scene whose wild romantic beauty reminded one of those tales of fairy land we read of in the Arabian Nights. We landed on a white sandy beach bordered by tall trees and gay flowering shrubs, where a vast number of people were assembled with apparently no other in tent than to gaze at us. There are times when it is agreeable to believe that one's presence is necessary if but to enliven a desert, but when suddenly thrown into contact with hundreds of savage faces that one has never seen betore and will never meet again, the conviction of individual nothingness grows strong within one, and one feels that there is no solitude like that of a stranger in a strange multitude speaking a strange tongue. But a word uponthe singular people around me. The natives of the Loyalty Islands belong to the black or dark race of Polynesians, but with a strong infusion of blood and language derived from immigra tion from the islands situated farther to the eastward. They are a strong, robust, active, well-made people, courteous and friendly, and in physical and mental powers are in many respects superior to the ordinary run of Polynesians. Physically, they display some of the peculiarities of the Malayan race, and are of greater height than most of the other races inhabiting the neighbouring groups of islands. Their features are strongly defined, and they have flat noses with widely distended nostrils and thick full lips, and with the prominent cheek- bones of the Malays they possess the high European forehead. , Their countenances on the whole are mild and pleasant, and the eyeB of both sexes are of a dark hazel colour, and in those of the young people brilliant and penetrating ; but the effect ot constantly sitting over their wood fires soon destroys the beauties of their eyes, which with the old people are bloodshot and contracted. Their hair and beards are in general black, but they sometimes dye the for mer with slack lime which gives it a fair red or brown colour according to the taste of the wearers, but when allowed to grow in its natural state it is invariably dark and frizzled so that at first sight it appears like that of a negro. It is nevertheless very different, though both coarser and stronger, than that of Europeans. Through the heat of the climate and other causes not necessary to mention, these rough heads want frequent scratching, for which purpose they have a most excellent instrument, made of sharp rounded sticks, about the size of knitting-needles, and about six inches long. These combs or ecratchere serve the purpose of small tooth combs, and when not in use are usually worn stuck in the hair and sur mounted by a small plume of feathers. Their beards, which are of the same crisp nature as their hair, are for the most part worn short ; but I think their inter course with Europeans is creating a fashion in the cut of la barbe, tor while some affect the orthodox French moustache and imperial, there are others who cultivate the 'mutton-chop' cut of whisker peculiar to Englishmen. They shave with the teeth of the shark, an oystershell, or a piece of bottle glass, and perform tlie operation with the skill and sang froid of accom plished barbers. In their native state the men go nearly naked, but they are fond of decorating their heads with flowers and feathers. They have necklaces of beads and amulets, made of white spiral shells, which are generally worn above the elbow, and they have punctures and marks on the skin generally about the arms and breasts — in the shape of birds and fish, which are apparently intended for no other design than ornament. All have the septum of the nose pierced, as likewise the ears, into which are thrust all kinds of decorations. On the same island there are several tribes, each having its own district and chief, and the power of the latter descends from father to son. Their laws, like those of the Medes and Persians, are few but stringent, and might is generally right. Not withstanding their pacific inclination to wards strangers, they frequently wage war amongst themselves, with a deadly and cruel hatred. They are well supplied with offensive weapons, such as clubs, spears, darts, and tomahawks, and fire-arms are, ef course, much sought after, as the possession of an old Tower musket places its lucky owner high up in military power. Th® women are not beauties, but some have good features and agreeable countenances. Their hair is crisp and frizzly, like that of the men, and their eyes are of the same dark hazel colour, and when they laugh with their loud merry glee invariably display a set of fine pearly teeth. The lobes of their ears are perforated and distended to the size of a couple of inches in diameter, and into these holes are thrust large tortoise shell earrings. Their limbs are round and well turned, but their breasts which are long and pendulous, detract greatly from their general symmetry of form. The native dress is a short covering (I cannot call it a petticoat), made of the filaments of the plantain tree attached to a cord by which it is fastened and tied round the waste. Indeed, this light costume in which they display their ' poetry of motion,' simply serves as an attractive auxiliary to their next to nude figures, as it is simply an apology for a pettieoat, is very narrow, and not one inch longer than necessary for the use designed. They oil themselves from head to foot with cocoanut oil, which is often mixed with turmeric to give their skin a tinge of yellow, and they delight in bright ornaments, and wear a profusion of bracelets, earrings, necklaces, and amulets ; and although their only looking- glass is the clear blue waters of the ocean, often display great neatness and taste in their personal adornments. The custom of decorating the hair with garlands of flowers is very pretty, and is becoming, especially to the younger females, but it looks unromantic to see the old ladies with wreaths of orange blossom encircling their scant tresses. Here, as in all the islands of the Pacific, the women age quickly, and when old have a miserably emaciated appearance, their wrinkled and leathery looking skin hanging iu loose folds upon the body. Surrounded on all sides by a crowd of these savages, I could not but remark that the most striking con trast between them and civilized beings was their physical appearance. Both sexes looked remarkably healthy and robust. Their countenances were full, and had an expression of sensual ease and content ment as if they were on good terms with themselves and the rest of the world. They had none of the care-worn, haggard physiognomy peculiar ts civilized man, which gives youth the air of age, and betokens a race in which labour and thought are paramount to all other considerations. On the contrary, these people when old look young. The pleasures of life their only aim oil the joints of age, so that time slips smoothly by. If any class belie their years it is the children, to whom a vegetable diet gives a marked abdominous development, imparting to them an expression of premature gravity or unnatural heaviness. No doubt the out-door, easy-going life of these islanders, com bined with their passion for predatory warfare, swimming, and other manly and daring exercises, has much to do with their fine state of preservation. Then, again, they are always laughing and merry-making — which would go to prove that they are blessed with contented minds, a state of felicity which, I am told, does a great deal for physical development — and appear perfectly satisfied with their simple and primi tive mode of life, beyond which they have no hope ; so they flit away their existence, like so many butterflies, in the ever fleeting happiness of the hour. They are a highly sensual people, and are not totally devoid of cant, affectation, and sentimentalism. What they really love they talk about, and never dream that they are under any obligation to express admiration and enthusiasm which they do not feel. Their utilitarian character is undeniable. In all their expressions in reference to nature, only these objects are agreeable, and therefore by association beautiful, which minister directly to their comfort and sensual enjoyment. Objects which stand in the way and bring discomfort, inconvenience, or danger, are ugly and dreadful. Thus the shady or fruitful tree, the cool water, the fertile valley, the calm sea, and bright sky, are delightful and lovely; the rain, the thunder cloud, the tempest, the precipice, and the torrent suggest no emotions but those of alarm and horror. They can see no reason for admiring a rock which is rough and hard to climb, or the lightning which blasts their trees, or the stormy sea which engulphs their canoes. They like to see before them rich crops and trees laden with fruit, the stream whose gentle murmur invites to repose, and the grassy bank, and palm tree with its thick shade, and the fragrant flowers which second the invitation — objects which either regale the senses or suggest images of affluence and enjoyment. Thus they are essentially 'children of nature,' and altogether I think they have a very happy time of it, for to a people whose passions are their slaves, whose sentiments are obedient to their ?will, whose emotions are made so many sources of pleasure, who live only to extract the greatest amount of happiness from the sensual world, regardless of a spiritual life, savagedom affords resources which are not to be found elsewhere. 