sia waltkr scorr banquet. Last evening ubuut e-jv.:nty or eighty gentlemen | gentlemen met in tha M^isonic Hall to cel^Tate, uj a banquet, the centenary of Sir Walter Spott. A i number of ladies wero present on t!e daw. .fj gallary was occupied by a musical baud. j.helial was decorated with flags and floral specimens. * Tho chair was taken by Dr. Ba'iham. On hi? rieht sat his Excolleucv Birl Belmore, the Bishop of Armidale and Grafton, Dr. Cux, Mr. \V. l»eilj Mr. Staneer Le.-tthes, the Hon. J. B. Wilson, and Bev. J. B. Laughton ; on his left, Sir Teronco A, lluiray, th-; Hon. John Robertson, Hon. Blr. Owen, Bon. J. Richardson, Rev Dr Ling. Among those present were tbe Hon. D. Gorton, the Hon. 0\. Campbell, the Hon. W. B. Dalley, Captain TSerea aord, Captain M'Lerie, Mr. Fraser, MP., Captain Barses, Captain Moody, Bev. E Lowers, Mr. Judge Francis, MesBr?. R. Anderson, .1 . Moore, II. fti Jrner son, Geo. Russell, G. ML Pitt, T. Spence,- B. James, Charles Moore, J. B. Watt, E. S. Hill, llunro, M'lntosh, T. Rae, &o.; The Hon. E. Deas Thomson was prevented by indisposition from being present. Dinner being ended, and grace said by the Bishop of Armidale and Grafton, the chairman proposed 'The Queen.' In so doing he called on the ladies present to ' diink only with their eyes,' while the gentlemen with thair glasses drank the health of her Majesty* The toast ^as loyally honoured; as was that of 'The Prince and Princess of Wales,' and that of ' The Governor ' 'Kaht. Belmobb, who was received with a burst of applause, said he would endeavour to avoid failing in the duty owing to them, by anticipating those able and eloquent speakers who had been entrusted with the toasts of the evening. He thanked them for the ovation with which they had received him. The Chairman [then proposed the ' Army, Navy, ana volunteers. The toast having been taken up, Captain Behesfom) r- turned thankB for the army. Captain Baynes returned thanks for the volun- . teera ; and called on Mr. Pitt, who was in active service in the Volunteer Force, to respond. Mr. C. M. Pitt (of Windsor) said he believed they had as good men in tha Volunteer Force as any in any pari of the world. They were as well trained as the regular army ; and if called on to defend the country they would not be wanting. He found in the ranks of the volunteers Englishmen, Irishmen, and Scotchmen, and his own countrymen (natives). If he (Mr. Pitt) ran away, he would be the first of his family that over turned his back on an enemy. (Cheers.) The Chairman then entreated their forbearance whilst he entered on the task which had been laid on him He was going to say that he was unequal to the task of praising Sir Walter Scott. But who was equ.it to it P The man most pregnant in fancy, most rich in imagination, moBt graceful in language, could neyor come up to anything like praisiDg one who had Ven consecrated in the memories of a great and powerful country. His praise had_ long ago sunk into deep and ponnanent admiration. And who am I (said Dr. Badhaam), that I should give utterance to thoughts that you are oontent to leave unuttered, and to transmit as feelings to yeur children f - Is this a time to lecture on the merits of Sir Walter Scott t Jlftny excellent disquisitions might be made on his varioiig characters, on their adaptation to the history of tbe times ; as to how far Sir Walter Scott had encouraged the true study of history, and how far he was meritorious in originating that ' omantic pc;iod of literature wh'ch sent into utter darkness the miserable pseudo-classi-a that preceded it. He (Dr. Badham) had neither the proparation, nor the presumption, nor that utter want of 6ense of the time and place, which would prompt him to profane this solemnity by introducing matt is that here, at least, must appear pedantic. (Hear, hear.) They were not come here to celebrate great talents, but to celebrate a solemn commemoiation for great benefits received. (Applause.) The Duchess of Wellington, wife of the great captain, a few monthB before her death sent to Sir Walter Scott to thank him most warmly for the many hours of relief and comfort which his works had afforded her during a long and hopeless illness. And were there not many here, many in the colonies, many in the mother-country, who could match that anecdote with anecdotes in their own families P (Loud cheers.) He (Dr. Badham) could remember dear faces gradually pining, pining almost too much to express the inward agony, proviag in their eyes tho calmness of cheerfulm ss, almostof joy, whilst he was using the wand of this powerful enohanter, to beguile their sufferings. ' liis, ho believed, was one of the greatest benefits Sir Walter Scott bestowed on all who speak the English language, and all to whom English is accessible through translations. His works had gone into more households in all European countries than any other. They were the most pervading and permeating of all works that he (Dr. Badham) knew. (Applause.) How many a weary suspense, — how many an hour of enforced idleness, how many an hour of wearisomeness and disgust, occasioned by our petty cares, or petty squabbles, had we— he would not say sanctified — hut purified by letting in a volume of the Waverley novels, just at tho right time, and giving our fancy to be purified from all unwholesome contents by something from the heather, or from Palestine, or from tourney, or any other ma'ic scone he (Sir Walter Scott) might hare conjured up ? (Hear, hear.) They came here to commemorate a benefactor. All men of genius were a benefit to us. But there was this distinction between Sir Walter Scott and others tint he, by pursuing a humbler kind of literature - for ? on fessedly he stooped from poetry to adopt it--h9 had contrived to introduce himself in a noiseless way, and make himself welcome oven almost before he was recognised. JJ-3 comes with such a soothing sweet ness iip6n us, that we may hail him not only as a benefactor, but as our beneficent friend. (Cheers.) He was a great consoler. He had smoothed many a pillow ; he had mado many a voyage supportable, many an anxious week or month a little less unen durable. And what wore his enchantments ? Would that he (Dr. Badham)r instead of these lamps and bunting, and Australia's foliage, could put round this room a tew pictures illus trative of Scott's great scenes. But he could, they could — any one could bring them up by the wand of that enchanter. (Cheers.) There was Rebecca and the Templar — there was Bailie Nicol Jarvie ! Then again was the Clerk of CopmanhurBt carousing with old Riolund ! (Cheers and laughter.) He (Dr. Badham) dare not trust himself; for ho would people this room with all Boris of phantoms ! The spell of this magician was so powerful that they would all conjure up ghosts in his name ; and per haps these ghosts might jostle each other danger ously. (Laughter.) There was one thing more, which they need not shirk, in the case of Sir Walter 6cott, as they had to shirk it in may cases of equal or even greater men. Often they heard praise of the author, and either ominous silence or that lightness of allu sion that was even more ominous, as to the man. But the man was as much a man as the author waB an author, in this case. (Cheers.) He waB a man — healthy, not sickly ; noi appealing for sympathy to the public for his own sentimental and subjective inertness. He was not moody and morose— not challenging tbe worship of people to his gloom, as if his gloom or moroseness was a symptom of deity. (Hear, hear.) Lastly, he was a thoroughly pure man. Ho disdained to gain applause by suggesting voluptuous images, from which every healthy man turns away with disgust. He represented a time that had been much maligned, by lectures on tho four Georges and others ; but a limo of much that was manly-r-the time nf Wellington and Nelson — a time of great courage, in the Cabinet and elsewhere. And he ( ir W. Scott) sympathize 1 with all th'.t manliness — because he was manly him self. Look at his heroines — not the heroines of novels — not those heroines whom at the teginning it waB agreed to dispose of in marriage at tho end. These were not Scot's heroines ; but suth n* Flora M'lvor and Minna Troil — people that were never married — pcoplo that never settled down comfort ably. (Cheers.) They could not deal quite justly by the gentler kind of feminine charactcr ; but the moment they required — not a Paphian Aphrodite to swell under their fingers in Parian marble, but a stern unbending Scottish woman, then he would hew her out of granite. There was not a single feminine feature wanting ; hut there was that hardness which all the dapper and sentimental had not. Scott had such a manly character, that he despised all low female adulations— adulations by women, and adulations addressed to women. He kept his own youth unsullied, as the greatest offering he could lay at the feet of his future bride. (Cheers.) He had his faults : but those faults were not i-f a sickly kind He lived so much in tbe v.- odd of romance ; and he so detested the vulgarities which pervsde society fmm tho top to the bottom — (hear, hear) — that he t hrew himself out of the world in which he lived into an old chivalious half-fanciful world of his own. Hfe (Dr. Badh.m) hardly believed that such a world ever existed ; but Scott believed it, and wielif--l to make Abboisford such a castlc as was in tho oi'ien dn\ s. There was £1 historical confusion in his mind. And with a natural ambition of bein? 1 he heed of a family, be dreamed that unhappy dnaa: ot Abbots ford. Then came the commercial necessity to fur nish Abbotsford ; and then came misfortune and bankruptcy. And what generally caine after bank ruptcy? — a most heroic acquiescence in tho lo: ^ ot one's creditors. (Laughter.) ButScotthad nothing of 'that kind. ' He felt for every man to whom he owed a shilling. He worked; he wrought on that tremendous brain of his, till it fairly broku down. His (Dr. Badham's) own fat' er met Sir Walter Scott just as he was going to the Coi tinent for his health. He said to him, 'bir. you are lame.' 'Lame! Sir,' he replied, ''not at all ! But one year ago I was the strongest man in Scotland ; now I scarcely fed myself to he a man at all.' There was a heroic old fellow dying in the struggle to satisfy' his creditors. (Cheers.) The end of all this was they were come here to cotn ? i- „ hull roliairnd their anxious moments ; a man who had taken a lares share in our literature without profaning it, but always giving it a moral and useful tendency. He Called on them to perform a solemn act of commemoration to one oi those few men whom Providence vouchsafes from time to time to bestow on the somewhat miscel laneous congregation of persons called 'cmlized, in order to relieve them from utter commerce and utter barbarism. He called on them to record their thankfulness— by drinking or not drinking— in any way they thought proper. (Cheers.) Buy Db. Lano said he had understood that he was to second Sir T. A. Murray on the subject of the Australian Authors and Press ; and as he per beived that Scotchmen were second best at this meeting he had aoceded. He should not, therefore, leave untold the few remarks which he had proposed, to make under this ideal arrangement. About eighty years ago there was a literary man in the city of Sydney who was well known all over the United Kingdom at that period, and who is still memorialized in the pages of the Newgate Calender. He was was one of the earliest writers of the history of this colony, and his name wasBarrington. During his presidency over the world of literature and fashion in those daysman entertainment was given, in the prologue of which, written by this per son as an emigrant from Newgate, he described him self and associates as True patriots we : for be it understood. We left our country for our country's good. Now the only sense in which this sentiment could be understood at that time was that England had settled this country for the purpose of getting lid of her criminal papulation. But the result had been that, within ninety years of the period when the veritable Hannibal of con victs landed in this country, we had become no fewer than six colonies, containing a population of two' millions of souls. It was one of the greatest wonders in the history of the world. There was no possibility of occupying this country at the time in. any other way than that ; no free emigrants would come after the description given in Captain Cook's. Voyages, and Australia would have been terra incognita for ages if it had not been for the getting rid of the criminal popnlation, and sending them here for purposes whioh it was never expeoted would become realized. Infinitely greater honour and glory occurred to our fatherland from this single aot of founding this colony, which was the mother of all the others ; though the action tabep was looked upon with contempt by the contemporaries of those who initiated it; infinitely greater honour and glory than for all the victories gained by British valour during the baqio - period^ not even excepting Trafalgar and Waterloo. But wo had not only cur present but our future to look to for the honour and glory of our race, our Anglo-Saxon race, whose language he had no doubt would, ere long, be spoken over a larger portion of the globe than all the other languages put tegether. These 'were the remarks he had proposed to make in connection with the toast he had before alluded to ; but as he was, he believed, the oldest and most voluminous writer on the subjeot of these colonies generally— (oheers)— he felt that, in seconding the motion he expected his honorable friend the President of the Legislative Council to make, ho should be somewhat like a trumpetor for himself— a position he did not at all desiderate, and he would rather, therefore, speak a few words as to the great man whose centenary they had met to celebrate. A very different estimate had been given to the people in the mother-country in their consideration of that great man, to that they had just heard from Dr. Badham, It had been given by one of the most eminent Sootsmen and ; atriots of his day, one who stood unquestionably at the head of the literature of his age — that man was Thomas Carlyle. He thought it was but justice to state what Thomas Carlyle thought of the great man in whoso name they were now assembled ; for although it might be a little disparaging, he (Dr. Lane) would perhaps follow it up with something which would make the two ends meet ft 8 far as tbe present were concerned. Carlvl-j said in the fifth volume of his Miscellanies that Sir Walter Scott was one in whose nature there was no idea, purpose, instinct, or tendency to be called great; that his li e was worldly, his conditions were worldly ; there was nothing spirital in him, all was of the earth earthy ; that there was in him a love of picturesque and graceful things ; a genuine love, yet it was not j more genuine than in its wealth endowed hundreds of men, minor poets ; that though he was productive without measure, as regarded quantity, in quality he for the most part ascended but a little way from the position of commonplace ; and it had been said that ' few men had written so many volumes with so little , in them that oould be quoted. (Hisses) ^ He (Dr. I Lang) could not endorse this description, illustrVue : a9 (jarlj iC unquestionably was. He believed the great achievement of Sir Walter Soott was the revolution effected in the literary world, and in the taste of the country in raising ita_ character, and in producing an element of which it had previously been destitute ; — in banishing from society the waggon-loads of miserable trash that was circulated through tho empire, at home aud abroad, before Sir Walter apreared upon j the stage. That, he (Dr. Lang) conceived, was the great achievement of Sir Walter Scott ; and it was ! an achievement that Carlyle, with all his English heart and spirit, could never have effected. _ There was, no doubt, some element of tiuth in the description he had just quoted. Sir Walter Scott had his failings, like other men. His great aim had been to found a family which should go down to posterity with distinction ; but in those commercial embarrassments referred to in such eloquent terms by the chairman, Scott i had set us an example far more honourable to him self, as he (the speaker) conceived, than all the honour and glory to arise from his own projected undertaking. ? Unfortunately, he placed himself in i the hands of publishers, who brought him in a , debtor to an enormous amount ; hut had he endea- ; voured to make a composition with his cro- : liters, like many others had done? (Cheers and laughter.) No ; he went to work, and he worked almost for a quarter of a century, in order to be able to say he owed nothing to any man. (Cheers and laugh ter.) Infinitely greater honour this did to Sir Wa;ter Scott than accrued to him from all his writings. If we should erect a statue to him, ho (Dr. Lang) pro- . posed that it should bo placed in the dome of the j Insolvent Court of this colony — (cheers and laugh- | ter) — with an inscription — ' Here is an honourable , man, who worked for a quarter of a century to , pay his debts !' (Laughter.) He conceived , that Sir Walter Scott was an honour to his, country, and well deserved the honour and thanks i of the whole civilizi d world, (Cbeeis.) | Dr. Badham took the opportunity to read a letter 1 from the Hon. Mr. Hay, apologising for his absence, 1 and proposing thut there Bhould be a larger ana more permanent celebration of thiB centenary by , obtaining a marble: bust of the author, or a copy of tbe painting of him by an eminent artist, or both, ] to be placcd in the Vublic Library, which they hoped'to see in Sydney some day. He (Dr. Badham) | would he glad to have his name down for ten guineas towards that object. (Cheers.) That was the text of his discourse — ten guineas. But he thought the memorial might take a more suitable form than that proposed, or than in the founding of a scholarship. He thought this .would only be offer a premium to mediocrity. He suggested tln.t there , might be a bursarship, to use tho Scotch term, for a poor scholar at tho University. Tho real copy of .Sir Walter Scott was in possessing his goner us j heart, and that they might have in sending some ; young, man to the care of his (Dr. Badham's eac- ; cessor. He called upon the Hon. Charles Campbell for the next toast, j Tha Hon. C'has Camthell proposed 'British Literature.' He said he had appeared in tho cos'ume I of the Highland Brigado partly to evince the grati tude which every Highlander owed to Sir Walter! Scott. When his father was a child the Highland | laird forbado his servants to teach their children Gaelic. He (Mr. C. Campbell) had lived to see a laird gite one of his men £-5 for having t:;u^ht his child Gaolic. And this change was due to the I writings of Sir Walter Scott. (Cheers.) The j literature of Groit Britain extended over a thousand f years; and since the blind old Greek port wroto ' vtenin aeide thea, Peleiado Achileos ' no literature | had been produced equal to that of Great Britain. | He traced bacK tne descent oi nor Majesty tns Queen j to William the Conqueror. Ho then . referred to the writings of the Venercble Bede. But the Celtio lan guage was older still. It was a written language in tha time of Julius Caasar. Even our Celtic ancestors had a literature. All our ancestors were indebted for their literature to. Greece. There was a peculiar revela tion to Greece of art — not only of painting and sculp ture, but also of poetry. The earliest Anglo-Saxon poet furnished ideas to our great poet Milton. Referring briefly to tho writings of King Alfred, he expressed his hope that St. Andrew's College would promote the literature of this country. He would not confine himself to the literature of Great Britain, hut could not .but mention the names- of Buchanan, Burns, Dagald Stuart,, and Allan Ram say. Nor would he forget the literature of Ireland, or the names of Steel, Swift, Burke, and Moore. .He ; called on them to do justice to the toast he proposed — ' The Literature of Great Britain.' The toast was duly honoured. ; Judge Fbancis responded to . the toast. After he had heard a most interesting subjeot eloquently treated, he had heard the same : subject discussed tediously, inappropriately, and even with the addition of a slight to the memory of the great poet. After this, he thought to himself, the sooner they had done with the proceedings of this evening the better. Ho admired the first speech, . but regretted the tedious detraction which followed. He was himself unequal, and felt that no one oould possibly, in an after-dinner speech, do justice to such a subject us British literature. By its grandeur and snblimity it made everything in the form of eulogy superfluous. Leaving out the English divines, who were the wonder of the world, the*historians who had recorded the rise «nd full of empires, and all the mysterious causes of decay and restoration; and laying aside the long list of those who have explored the mysteries of the material universe ; confining themselves to the two branches of fiction and poetry — what s 'world is therein open to contemplation? They might well feel proud of what the British nation had done. The fair, sex had vied with the men in the production of works that was an honour to the .nation (Cheers.) Living, we have not many poets.. But how many are the links of the chain of poets in all ages of British literature. They looked back to the revival of poetry in the person of poor Cowper. Then they saw the time of the poets and poetasters of Queen Ann. Behind this, they saw a stately figure, Milton, sitting on his throne, ?'dark with, excess of light.' In the reign of . Elizabeth, amidst a group . such as the 'world never saw at,' any other time, they Baw a stately figure, a poet above all .other .poets that tver lived. And even beyond that .they looked back to ' the well of English undefiled,' in oid Chauoer. (Cheers.) One might feel proud to belong to a land of which that literature is the heritage and the birthright. That literature remains to correct the wont tendenciesof our own times — ([cheers) — to remind us that there are many things worthy of keeping that cannot be ep.ten or drunk, or turnel into money. He did not believe that Great Britain wonld he trampled out by savagery of any kind. The literature of Britain would yet over shadow the world. (Cheors.) Dr. Badham then suggested that they should, by a telescopic movement, ciondensa two toasts into one by calling upon Mr. Dolley to propose the ' Austra lian Authors and Press of the Colony,' together with ' Lady Belmore, and the Ladies of the Colony.*' These were four distinct subjects united together. (Cheers, and Laughter), Mr. 'W B. Daliet accordingly rose. He accused tliat venerable ecclesiastic, Dr. Lang, ot having stolen the toast he had intendeii to propose. By the larceny, however, of that reverend ecclesiastic he had been deprived of one portion of the toast put into his hands. He felt assured of the sympathy.: and appreciation of British colonists' in 'the literature of their mother-country. He was convinced m that they might strive to emulate the example thus afforded them. He thought he had better leave the Governor to respond for Lady Belmore, and should^ himself shrink from the responsibility of interfering with those romantic creations of Sir Walter Scott, which included Meg Merrilies, or from undertaking the championship of the fair sex in general. His Excellency returned thanks for Lady Belmore. Mr, E. Dkas Thombop returned thanks for the ladies of the colony. Mr. F. S. Isaacs also responded. The Hon. Mr. Gordon proposed the chairman's health, which was cordially responded to. Dr. Badhak returned thanks, and the assemblage dispersed about 11 o'clock. 