WILLIAM'S EETUEN TO BEELIN. A correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, writing from Berlin on the 17th March, thus describes the return of the Emperor : — ' At half-past 5 o'clock this afternoon, his Majesty Wilhclin I., 'the victorious' Emperor of the German Reich, and King of Prussia, made his entry into his ancestral capital under circumstances of far less iiomn and circumstance than those attending his visit to the Emperor Napoleon at Paris in that Exhibition year — the name of which is writ ten in water — 1867. Then, all the splendour and all the pageantry at the command of the most powerful, luxurious, and hospitable Empire on the Continent were lavished on the reception of a Monarch whose government a few weeks before had been within an ace of coming to blows on the Luxembourg question with France. Napoleon III., seemed desirous of laying that ugly ghost in a red sea of gold. He surfeited' his ( Eoyal .Brother with attentions. The lJalace of the Elysee had been deemed good enough for the Padishah, but the King of Prussia was lodged in a wing of the Tiuleries itself. Well do I remember the sunny afternoon on which the Imperial and Eoyal cortege swept through the glorious length of the Eue di Eivoli — the State carriages, with their matchless horses, blazing with gilt and burnished trappings — the glit tering casques and corslets of the Cent Gardes, the stars and ribands and crosses of the Staff, the wondrous show made by the French Imperial Grenadiers, as they turned out at the main guard at the Louvre, their eagle in the centre, to present arms to the illustrious guest. And very distinctly do I remember, too, the glacial silence of the enormous multitude as the dazzling cavalcade streamed along. A. few moicchards, stationed at certain intervals, made bold to cry ' Vive V Ertvpereur !' and, even ' Vive le Boi de JPrusse /' and one of them .got knocked down by a man in a blouse for his pains. For the rest, the Parisian populace stared at the show as in a theatr's they would have gazed upon a splendid spectacle, with actors who were dis tasteful to them. They beheld, but they did not applaud. That night, in the cafes, they sneered at and disparaged what they had seen, or spitefully circulated the bitter jest attributed to Count Bismarck, when Napoleon inquired whether the Zing of Prussia did not find Paris much altered since his last visit. Assuredly ; but his Majesty always enters by the Porte St. Denis, [t was through that -gate, with all Louis XTV.'s vain trophies overhead, that Prince William ot Prussia Liatt ridden, a mere lad in the wake of the Allied Armies, in 1815. Fifty-seven years have elapsed, and after wisely abstaining from entering in triumph the. capital which his soldiers' would have trampled under their feet, the boy Prince of Hohenzollcrn— now a bronzed veteran of seventy-four — now a mightier conqueror than the winners of Leipsic and Waterloo— now an Emperor of Germany— comes home to Berhh in the quietest and simplest manner conceivable. I \- have soon the High Sheriff of an English ; county make a grander show when, with his javelin men, he has gone forth to welcome the Judges at assize time. 