AMONGST THE SPIRITS. No. II. Although the fact of Martin Luther being in timately acquainted with Shakspeare was a con clusive proof of the Teuton divine's identity to a portion of those who were present at the seance which I described in a former paper, I must con fess that the leaven of incredulity was still strong within me, and I accordingly determined to see if spirits improved on acquaintance, and would deign to help me to put money in my purse by confiding to me the correct tip for a Ballarat I double. Again, under the spiritual wing of my " dweller on the threshold," I betook me one evening to a house, the situation of which shall be nameless, where I was informed a circle was about to institute further inquiries into spirit manifestations. I found about a dozen persons assembled, two of whom, ladies, and my friend, were supposed to be the motive mediums, the remainder beins in a state of be- nighted ignorance, from a spiritist point of view. Solemnly the mediums took their places at a small oval table, the ladies, as on a former occasion, transforming flowing skirts into a species of impromptu panjammahs. Lightly the fingers reBted upon the top of the table, and silently the mediums went through the process ef charging. This time a very small charge was found necessary to make it go off, for after the lapse of a few minutes the piece of furniture com menced a serieB of gyrations that were certainly wonderful to behold. At the word of command given by one of the fair mediums, the table, like j a well-drilled circus horse, varied its motion from right to left in rapid succession, stalked towards the fireplace, and then chass6'd blithely towards the door. " Let us see if it will go up-stairs," said one of the mediums. The door of the reom was thrown open, and straightway the table sidled through the opening, and wended its way to a staircase leading to an upper story. The mediums, of course, had followed the table through all its vagaries, keeping their fingers in contact with the top. At the invitation, couched thus with considerable politeness, "Will the table he kind enough to go up stairs ?" it lifted one of its legs from the ground, and with a great j deal of trouble managed to get it upon the first j step, and then, with considerable creaking and exertion, managed to ascend about four more steps, the mediums ascending with it, lost in devout admiration at such a spiritual " getting up stairs." Pride, however, is bound to have a fall, and so it was in this case. One of the mediums, whose conviction was stronger than discretion, was hold enough to aver that the table was suffi ciently charged to ascend the remainder of the flight alone. The three sets of fingers were withdrawn, and the table proceeded without delay to roll to the bottom in the most approved realistic manner. Slightly discomfited, the mediums rushed to its assistance, and by a reapplication of " motive power," raised it on its I legs, and escorted it once again into the room. 1 The opening comedy having pasBed off satisfac torily, and put the audience in a good humour, 1 the heavy business of the evening commenced, j Again the three mediums seated themselves at the table, and if their features were solemn during the first, portion of the exhibition, they now I managed to assume looks and a demeanour that j partook of the severely august combined with the I fervid gushing, being, no doubt, typical of the importance of the duty they were aoout to undertake, and the sweet consolation they expected to receive from those who had taken up their abode in " spheres." It seems to me that some one must have pub lished "A guide to spirit dialogue," for the questions put by mediums are of a stereotyped form, being as it were politely apologetical at the during of mortals to question the inhabitants of another world. " If a spirit be present," asked one of the mediums, will it de kidu enouga ro , answer with one knock for no, two for doubtful, and three for yes." Scarcely was the question put, than three times the leg of the table struck the floor, thus denoting that a spiritual being was in our midst. One of the party, as on a former occasion, was told off to put down the letters rapped out, and the seance commenced. " What I is your name ?" was the first question put. The answer, making some slight allowance for the spirit having got rusty in its orthography, was " Fitzmaurice." No one in the room knew anybody of that name, and it was suggested that Fitzefeubbs, or, perchance, Fitz gerald, was the name intended, but the spirit remained firm in asserting his claim to the cognomen first given. As many people Iobo j much time by trying to find out the writer of a I letter by the examination of the outside, when a perusal of the inside would- dispel all doubt, so I the mediums spent some minutes in useless cross- examination before it occurred to them that they could best become acquainted, with the late Mr. Fitzmaurice by simply asking who he was. That this was the. best course at last became apparent, and the question was put. The answer was indeed startling : " I was one of the pas sengers in the Rangoon !" As the seance to which I refer took place before the news of the loss of the mail steamer had reached Melbourne, and while people were wondering at the cause of the delay, the announcement hy Mr. Fitzmaurice made no little stir in tbe circle, one lady medium breathing a fervent " At last we shall have some reliable news of the missing mail-boat." What has happened to the mail ? was then asked, to which the shade of the quondam passenger re plied, " She struck on a rock between the Red Sab. and (IaIIa Ad an haintr fcV»a nafii»aat, ivivf. All the mails are lost, and five of the passengers were drowned, but the rest were taken on to Gaile by the Cairo boat." In answer to further questions the spirit said that the accident occurred oh the 2nd of November, and that he was a Young man. and had no friends in the colony. The informa tion was considered of such importance that my " dweller on the threshold " took a note of it, and asserts even now, when the details of the accident to the mail steamer are known, that it was extraordinary to a high degree. Fitzmaurice must be a forgetful spirit, or very deficient in his "outlines of geography," or he would never have confounded the Red Sea, Aden, and Galle as he did. The excuse made by believers is, I am told, that spirits living in boundless spheres refuse to be trammelled by the vulgar laws of space, or the limits of latitude and longitude. To spiritist minds it is a trivial omission that Fitzmaurice forgot to explain how he happened to be on board the Rangoon between the Red Sea and Galle. How the Cairo boat happened to turn up as a sort of "Deus ex. machina" is to me inexplicable, and I cannot see how, all the passengers being saved, Fitz maurice could be tbe spirit portion of one of them who went to Davey Jones' Locker. I sup pose it's all right, and being only a mortal, must content myself by saying with Sam Weller that my " wision's limited." The fact that the Rangoon did strike on a rock at Galle about the time she was said to be near Aden, stamps, allowing for spiritual licence, the statement of Fitzmaurice with such appearance of I veracity that, in after years, it will no doubt find J < its way into the chronicles of spiritism as an | astounding proof of curious revelation when the I new doctrine was comparatively in its infancy. J We have not quite done with Fitzmaurice, for j that complaisant spirit favoured us on the evening in question with several items of London J j gossip. Following in the wake of other spiritB j who had appeared in Ballarat and elsewhere, he I 1 confided to us that Her Majesty the Queen had j I departed for the spirit world "on the 15th of 1 October, and that the Chartists were loudly pro testing against the acceseien to the Throne of the I Prince of Wales. The great unwashed may say that the late Fitzmaurice was consider ably out in his reckoning ; but one deeply versed ' in spiritist lore, to whom I mentioned his com munication, assured me that we must have interpreted the message wrongly, and that most probably the spirit made use of the future tense, thus pointing out that the catastrophe of which he spoke would take place next year or the year after. After unfolding this much of his budget of news, Fitzmaurice retired, presumedly to his par ticular sphere, as he refused to give further in formation. The next spirit that intimated its presence was one that charmed Australia while it was in the flesh, and has surfeited it with faulty quotations since its enforced residence in the spirit world. Of course, the spirit to whom I refer was Walter Montgomery, who signified that he was in our midst by three raps, so faint as to make it appear that he was half-ashamed to put in an appearance. " Do you know me?" asked one of the party present. " Well," rapped out the table, with such vehe mence that we were forced to come to the conclu sion that the acquaintanceship between the questioner and the living Montgomery was not of such a kind as to give the same pleasure to the living and the dead. " Request the spirit to state if he has anything to communicate to me," Baid a medical visitor to the circle. The question l was put with the usual formula — " Will the spirit j be kind enough to tell Mr. M. D. something about j itself ?" Quickly came the answer — " Ask P. (naming a legal friend of the living Montgomery). He knows all. I was not mad. My wife was the cause of my death. Iconld not outlive my shame." This communication was considered eminently satisfactory, though to me there was nothing in it. Of course, P. knew a good deal, if not all, and it struck me that the bump of cautiousness was strongly developed on the spiritual skull, for not the closest questioning could obtain any clue as to what the said P. really did know. I wbb forcibly struck, too, by the close resemblance between the information respecting the spirit's I widow and the account written by the Boston I correspondent to a New York paper, and which j had found its way into the Melbourne journals a few days previously. The spirit positively de- elined to enter into farther particulars respecting I the domestic relations of its corporeal existence, j the table rapping out a decisive "No" to every attempt at interrogation. As a last resource, it was asked it the spirit had any tiling ©iw j , to communicate. The table, oscillated for a i j few seconds, and then rapped " Beware, beware Beware!" The late Charles Dickens, describing the ballet of the " Maiden and the Savage," in forms ub how the audience was left in a pleasant state of suspense as to whether the maiden mar ried the savage, or ultimately returned to her friends, and we were exactly in the same, predica ment, being at a loss to guess of whs t we were to I "beware," especially as after having "just deliver- ance made, the spirit declined turtner communi cation. The mediums looked upon the repeated j dissyllable as one of those spiritual homilies set ting forth that " poor mortality is surrounded by many snares," while I rather inclined to the be lief that the spirit was indulging in paleous jocu- i larity, better known by the name of chaff. Since then 1 have ascertained that the gentleman who put the question burned to strut his hour upon the stage, so that, ; considering the usual success of amateur actors, the cau tion given by the "poor ghost" may have been more portentous than it at first seemed. The next immortal form that took I possession of the table-leg announced himself as a sporting writer, and like the most of his class, declined to give any other intimation of who he was than his nom de plume. At all events, this was idiosyncratic of his employment when in the flesh, for the table rapped put plainly enough T. I. P. " Can you give me the correct thing for la Ballarat double?" I asked, Bade oame the answer, "Yes, for tbe Cup and Steepfrchase." Modestly I intimated that I would rather dis pense with jumps, but still the spirit stuck to the aforesaid races. As it was a case of Hobson's choice, I asked the spirit to be kind enough to name the horses. Baron and Babbler was the reply. I ventured to express my disbelief in the spirit's tip, when the .table indulged in a series of angry raps, ! followed by the injunction, "Don't be a fool." Abashed, I refrained from further remonstrance, and that very night put £1 on the double indicated by the spirit. It is needless to say I was sold, and have to be comforted by the assurance of a spiritist friend that the phantom sporting writer must in the flesh have occupied the body of some welcher or " leg," who took a nefarious delight in doing me out of my money. On the departure of the sporting gent to the " sphere" peculiarly his own, the seance was declared to be over. Even the overwhelming evidence brought forward in my presence on behalf of spiritism has failed entirely to convince jne of the soundness of the doctrine. My " dweller on the threshold" tells me I must persevere, and muBt explore still further the un trodden paths of "boundless science" before I can ever hope to get a glimmering of the truth. I am perfectly willing to investigate, but I certainly object to being a sort of " wan dering Jew" in the realms of spiritism. I intend to see if the astounding revelations afforded by means of the planchette and spirit drawings will do any thing to raise the veil of incredulity that prevents my seeing the spiritist doctrine in its true light. One spiritist head lately affirmed that investigation would be sure to lead sooner or later to a firm belief. He may be right, but I am afraid it will take a good deal to make me other than TJNGLAUBIG. 