EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF LORD BRIOUGIIAM. ONE of the most remarkable stories recently told appears in Load Brougham's autobiogra phy, whilch has just been inssued by Messrse. Blackwood.:-" A most remarkable thing hap pened to mo-so remarkable that I must toll the story from the beginning. After I left the HIigh School I went with G- , my most in timate friend, to attenrd the classoes in the Uni versity. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and specu lated upon many grave sabjects-among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but .of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the 'life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G- went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after a lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him; moreover, his family having little connec tion-with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything, of them, or of him through them, so that all the sohoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten bhis existence. I had taken, as I have said, 'a warm bath; and while lying in it, and enjoying the comfort of the heat after.the late freezing I .li'ad under gone, I turned my head round; looking towards the chair on which I had deposiled my clothes, as I was about to get out of tile bath. On., the chair sat G- , looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but. on re covering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G--, had dis appeared. This vision produced snob a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart; but the impres ionait miide upon ate was too vivid to be easily forgotten, anld so strongly was I affected -by it' that I have here written down the whole his tory with the date, December 19, and all the particulars, as they nie now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the alp pearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dreaml"oannot for 'a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communication with G- , nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either. cotnnected with G-- or with India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly oir old din oussion, and the bargain we had' made.:" I could not discharge from my mind.the impreq sion that G-- must. have died, and that his appearance to me was to bh received by me na: in proof of a fatture state." 'Thlie'wai on Do cember 19, 1700. In October, 1862; Lord Brougham added as a postscript:-" I have jtst been copying out from myjjoprnal the no-. count of this strange dreani.m Cortiosina niorti? nmago! 'And now to finia tnby otary, begun, about sixty years since. Soon after my return to. Edinburgh there arrivied a letter. from India announcing G---'s death, :and stating that he had died on December 19 ! " 