LITERATURE. ORIGINAL TALE, PIERCE CHARLTON'S WIVES. BY GEORGE ARTHUR WALSTAB, AUTHOR OF "HARCOURT DARRELL," "CONFESSED AT LAST," ETC., ETC. —————<>———— (WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR "THE WEEKLY TIMES.") —————<>———— VOLUME II. CHAPTER XVIII.—THE CROP OF THE DRAGONS' TEETH. They had been sown very thickly, and it was very bitter reaping indeed. It would do but little good now to stir up old fires that have long since happily burned out. But there were fiercer spirits in those days than now, obstinacy on the one side, and the determination to resist oppres- sion. The brave, stubborn old sailor who would have ruled the land " man-of-war fashion," in the honest belief that he was doing his best for his Queen and country, is at peace, and the stately obelisk over his grave marks the resting place of one whom even his bitterest opponents honoured for courage and the best intentions. Governments and Governors are wiser now, and the past of the goldfields is but a beacon for the future. It is useless, then, to recall it all now — to speak of the undoubted, undenied tyranny to which the diggers were subject by a mistaken policy— to tell the old story of the murdered man, the failure of justice, the corrupt magistrate, and the burning hotel, the torch of popular vengeance. Even then there is no doubt but that firmness on the part of the local authorities, might have averted the evil that afterwards came. The shots that were fired afterwards might have been spared, the lives saved. Had the men who were kept standing idly by while Bentley's Hotel was in flames, been allowed to act then, the momentary exhibition of strength might have made the diggers pause. But the mistake was made. There was peace when there should have been no peace, the spirit of rebellion was ahead, and within little more than a year after they had first met, Sylvester and Ashton gazed from their tent door at the prophesied result of their evil. The whole diggings were in disorder. True it is that even in the hot rage of their anger, men did not utterly desert mammon for vengeance. The work went on among the tents and holes, from daylight to sunset, as of old, but there was other than the ordinary work in the group of tents on the hill. Ever since the day when a hastily mounted body of men had ridden down to look on at the popular bonfire, there had been watching and waking in the camp at Ballarat. Sentries were posted patrols went out, and at last messengers rode hard and fast to Melbourne for assistance. On the other hand, the diggers prepared for the fray. There were drills, and meetings, and elections of officers, open parade in front of the tents on the hill, and a huge banner of revolt flaunting in the breeze, as if there were no such a thing as a " Union Jack " to be insulted. Taken as military lessons, the drills were not much ; as evidences of the popular feeling they were a lesson to others. But it was then as ever. It is rarely that a people with real wrongs to redress, are well served or rightly led. Had there been good serving or right leading in this case, no such an event as the Eureka Stockade would have stained the page of Victorian history. But men's passions and men's mistakes brought it about, and all the forgetting, all the silence cannot "alter the records." Both sides can only regret it. Robert Sylvester regretted that it had come to such a state of things immensely. The son of the old Tory country gentleman, the ex-government clerk, the ci devant admirer of London life and London pleasures, who had trained in his early infancy to honour and obey the Queen and all that were set in authority under her, was almost horrified when arms were taken up and the flag of the Southern Cross paraded to and fro. Standing at their tent door, he and Ashton had seen Her Majesty's troops marching to the camp hooted at and pelted at. To the invitations to join he had returned a steady denial, and had even run some risk in refusing to give up his rifle and revolver for the use of the patriots. " The rifle was my father's present just before I left," he had said to Ashton when the disappointed seekers for arms had left ; " and if the old gentle- man thought it was likely to be fired at a Queen's soldier, it would go near killing him. Things have been going very hard, Charley, very hard indeed ; but nothing would excuse this." Mr. Charles Ashton was by no means so loyal. There were in his mind memories of bound hands and locked doors, which by no means conduced to feelings of devotion towards Her Majesty's Govern- ment. Consequently, he was not so indignant as his friend, and regarded the insurrection with a species of half contemptuous indifference, only declining to give up his arms, because, as he ex- plained to the man who asked for them, it was very likely he might want them himself. He had never seemed so contemptuously indif- ferent to the insurrection or the whole world generally, as he did one Saturday afternoon, shortly after Captain Barrington had discovered that Lucy Herbert loved some one else, and had no ambition to become the mistress of Baring Chase. In reply to Sylvester's half- indignant protests he merely said that he didn't care one rap whether one side won or the other, and that, except to work, he wasn't going to stir outside his tent-door. An English mail, however, had been delivered in the morning, and it was necessary to go up to the camp for letters. Necessary, at least, for Sylvester. Mr. Charles Ashton was not in the habit of receiving letters from England or any where else, but Robert Sylvester's home budget was a treat to see. Letters from the " dad," the mother, and the sister, came regularly by every mail ; and certainly if cheery words and wishes conduce to success, Mr. Sylvester ought to have been very fortunate indeed. One of these budgets he expected on the Saturday morning in question, and had there been a battery of heavy artillery in his way, Robert Sylvester would have gone for his letters. So he went that morning, passing up the main street, over the flat where the insurgents had drilled in sight of the camp, past the sentries, and got his letters. There were, as usual, one from father, mother, and sister, all heavy and bulky epistles. He opened the first hurriedly, to see that all was well at home ; that there were no vacancies in the circle he had left ; and then walked quickly back to the tent where he had left Charlton, whom he found lying on his trunk, a practice he was much given to when the English mail came in. As a general rule Sylvester, noticing this, would post- pone reading his letters till he was alone; but there was something in the universal aspect of strife and danger that led him nearer to his mate. They had "knocked off" work for the day, and Sylvester having lighted his own pipe, assumed a similar position to Ashton's, and began his letters. His first two were read in silence, but while reading his sister's letter he suddenly exclaimed, "By Jove!" " What's the matter ?" asked Ashton, looking round. " Oh, nothing very particular," replied Sylvester. " Only something in my sister's letter." " I beg your pardon," said Ashton. " Not at all," replied Sylvester, rather pleased than otherwise, at even this slight expression of interest. " It is about some one, or rather a re- lation of some one we both know, by name at least, for I don't think you've ever seen him." "And who is that, pray ?" asked Ashton, carelessly. "You have heard the Herberts speak of Captain Barrington, haven't you ?" " I have," was the reply, in a slightly changed voice. " Is there anything in your letters about him?" " Not about him exactly," said Sylvester, " about his sister, a Miss Maude— yes, that's the name, ' Come into the garden, Maude' — Barring- ton. Fanny raves about her. She has been stopping at Seven Yews for a month, and, according to Miss Fanny, is a darling. Did you ever hear of this darling before, Ashton ? Barrington looks the sort of fellow who would have a pretty sister." Had Mr. Sylvester looked round, as he read, he would have noticed that his usually indifferent friend had turned deadly pale, but as he went on reading the letter he scarcely even noticed the slight change of tone in which Ashton replied, " I have heard of a Miss Barrington." " Well, I suppose it's the same," read on Syl- vester. " You should see how Fanny gushes over her. If that young lady is any criterion to go by, this Maude Barrington must be a splendid creature indeed. Fanny thinks — what match- makers sisters are, Charley — that she would be a good match for me ; only — ah, I thought there was an 'only' — only Miss Maude is engaged elsewhere —interchange of confidence, I suppose. I imagine now that if I were in intimate cor- respondence with Miss Barrington I should find out that Miss Fanny is engaged herself." "And does your sister tell you who the happy man is?" asked Ashton in a cold low tone. " Wait a minute," said the reader, " let me look a little further on. Ah ! yes, here is something about it. There is only one thing I don't like about my darling Maude's engagement. She ought to be engaged to the handsomest, and the richest, and the best man in England, instead of to an old paralytic wretch whom no one likes or cares for." Sylvester stopped suddenly at this sentence, for a hand was pressed tightly on his arm, and looking up he saw that Ashton was standing by his side, and that every vestige of colour had left his face. " What's the matter, Charley ?" was his hasty exclamation. " Please go on reading," said Ashton slowly. "I am interested in this engagement of Miss Barrington. Who is this paralytic old wretch that no one likes or cares for?" "Who is it?" continued Sylvester, turning over to the other side of the letter. "Why, it's a man with a name very like her own, a man I have often heard of, a man all London has heard of, an awful old rip too— Sir Maudesly Charlton — good God, Charley, what is I the matter ?" He had reason to ask, for Ashton's features were not only pale, but convulsed, and he was staring fixedly on vacancy. " Charley, old fellow what is the matter," said Sylvester, crashing his letter into his pocket, and laying his hand on his mate's arm. " Speak, man. Don't stand staring like a ghost. What is it ?" " What is it ?" answered Ashton, gently releasing himself, and speaking with sneering bitterness. "Nothing, what should it be ? What interest have I in Miss Barrington's engagement ? Why should I distress myself if she sells herself to the worst man in the world, even though he be Sir Maudesly Charlton ? And a perfect stranger to me. Yes Bob, a perfect stranger. She has a brother to look after her, and I'll trouble you to find a keener sentry, though he too is a perfect stranger to me, and why I should be so rude as to interrupt the reading of your sister's very pleasant letter, I am sure I can't tell. Permit me to apologise. Oh, pet of the home circle of Seven Yews. Happy man to whom sister, mother, and father write, with pretty little tales of the fairy princess sold to the wicked old dragon who is a stranger to me. I beg your pardon, Bob, and I'll go for a walk." And so speaking Mr. Ashton walked through the doorway of the tent, and up the gully, leaving his mate in as complete a state of bewilderment as was ever attained by the most puzzled man in the universe. Robert Sylvester, however, knew his mate too well to follow him. He had once or twice seen him in a " mood" before now, and had seen, too, that he was best left alone. But the " mood " in which he had gone off that morning was something very different from his ordinary " moods." There was more wounded, deeply wounded feeling than passion in his whole manner, and good-natured Bob, forgetting his old trouble. was more grieved than puzzled at his friend's conduct. But natural curiosity would have its way, and after he had finished all his letters he sat smoking quietly, and trying to think what there was in the mention of Miss Barrington's name to so move his generally insouciant friend. " I never met her myself," mused Bob. " She is one of Fanny's newer friends, and if all Fanny says of her be true, a fine creature she must be I don t like the idea of a girl, either, marrying a man like Maudesly Charlton. Why, the man's a helpless cripple. I shall be very much astonished if the brother hasn't something to do with this. He looks keen enough and hard enough for any thing. But that doesn't explain about Charley. Why the deuce should he care who Miss Barrington marries ? Can't be in love with her himself, for he said she was a stranger to him, but it looks devilish like it. Perhaps he met her at home, poor fellow, and was too poor and proud to speak. I remember, now, his say- ing that £10,000 wouldn't do what he wanted. I must write and ask Fan if she ever heard her friend speak of a Mr. Ashton. It might do Charley some good, and yet if the silly fellow only knew what a chance of happiness he has here." The hot blood came up into Sylvester's cheek at the thought that next struck him. What if Charles Ashton really did love this Maude Bar- rington ! What if through his sister he might arrange matters for them ! What of his chances with Lucy Herbert then! "She might learn to love me," he thought, " if Charley were married to some one else, and I think I could make the dear girl happy." But the thought did not last very long. Syl- vester never, now, disguised from himself the feet that Lucy loved his comrade, and the love of that comrade for Miss Barrington was only a fiction. Still, there was just enough of comfort to make Bob smoke complacently on through an hour's musing. Then he shook the ashes out of his pipe, and going outside, stood looking up the gully in the direction where Ashton had gone. It was nearly sunset by this time, and the luminary was flooding the sky over the range with an angry glare. " Hot day to-morrow," muttered Bob. " I suppose Master Charley will come back to supper." A footstep near him made him turn his head, and he saw close beside him a figure, that, in spite of the dirty blue shirt and old wideawake, he at once recognised as Verdun. "Ah; Verdun," he began gaily, but the other placed his finger on his lips, and coming close up, said — " Hush ; don't mention my name here. Come into the tent a minute. I have something to tell you." The features of the trained soldier were as im- passive as usual, but his whole manner showed that he really had something of importance to communicate. They went inside the tent, and even then the police officer spoke almost in a whisper. " Where's Ashton ?" was his first question. "Gone for a stroll," answered Sylvester. " What's the matter ?" " A great deal, Sylph, said Verdun. " I hope that fellow Ashton is not going to make a fool of himself." " In what way ? He doesn't generally go in for that sort of thing," replied matter-of- fact Bob. " Why, you know, Sylvester, ever since that night at the Camp, Ashton has not been as he used to, to any of us, and I was afraid he might have been talked over by Vern or some other of those rebel fellows." "Never spoke to Vern in his life," said Bob. "I'm sure of it. The man's too much of a cad for Charley to be talked over by him." " When a man owes a grudge, and wants to pay it, he doesn't always mind whether the sword he strikes with is clean or dirty," was Verdun's answer. " Possibly not, but I happen to know, Verdun, that Charley has no idea of going in for anything of the kind. Both he and I have kept studiously away from the men you call rebels. I suppose they were rebels, too ; but by Gad, Verdun, they were bullied into it." We won't talk about that now," said Verdun quickly. "I've come down here for something else." "Devilish glad to see you, old fellow, whatever you come for," said Sylvester, "but as you are here, what is it ?" " I've simply come to ask you and Charley not to go out to-night or to-morrow. Your claim is close at hand, isn't it?" " Yes," answered Bob, who was beginning to think that he was in for a day of puzzles. " What then? " I am speaking to a man of honour," continued Verdun," and can rely on your not mentioning what I am going to tell you to a soul except Ashton?" Sylvester nodded, and the police officer went on. " I suppose you know that these men, whatever you like to call them, have made a sort of stockade out by the Eureka there. It's nothing very extraordinary, I believe, but they have got up a pretty stiff log fence, and a ditch, or some thing of the kind. Well, we are pretty strong on the camp now, what with the soldiers and our fellows, and it has been decided to do what ought to have been done at once, and would have been done if I had had my way— take the bull by the horns. A party is to leave the camp early to-morrow morning, take this place, and put a stop to the rebellion at once. Now you and Ashton keep away from that part of the diggings altogether, for as sure as my name is Verdun, there'll be sore bones for some one to-morrow. Both the soldiers and my fellows have been pelted and hooted out of temper. As I heard one of the men say last night, 'They've waked up Joe at last.' You'll do this like a sensible fellow, won't you, and keep Ashton out of it too. I wouldn't, for the world, anything happened to either of you, but, by Jove, I can't answer for the men to- morrow. Keep in to-night, too, if you can. There'll be some patrolling done, and the red- coats are devilish sulky about the whole thing." Bob Sylvester's face was very sad and stern as the officer gave his warning, and when it was over, he drew a long breath and said,— " Well, Verdun, you've served in Persia; and seen some queer things under the crescent, I expect. But what's going on now under the cross is queerer far. It's horrible to think that men can't seek for gold in peace without being driven into rebellion, and then shot and sabred for it. It's a d——d bad business." "So I said; so I say now," replied Verdun, but that won't alter the fact." " And do you think they will show fight," asked Sylvester. " I think so. Lalor, who is supposed to be in command, has got plenty of pluck ; but from all I hear, they are squabbling among themselves." " Is it allowed to ask your arrangements?" asked Bob. "Certainly to you," replied Verdun. "The 4—th will storm the barricade, and there will be some mounted men for the cutting off work afterwards. I don't think the whole affair will last more than half an hour ; but it is, as you say, a d—d bad business. Good-night. Mind what I say— keep in to-morrow, and, if you can, to- night. Remember me to Ashton. Don't come with me. It wasn't for myself I came dressed like this, it was for you. For you to be seen talking to me in uniform would bring some of the "Tips" down on you; and there's neither fair fighting nor mercy to be got from those fellows. Good-night." And shaking Sylvester's hand warmly, the police officer walked quickly away towards the camp. The sun had gone down altogether now, and Ashton had not come back. Bob waited for an hour in the most intense anxiety, and was on the point of going over to a store where they bought their food, to see if his mate had been there, when the rattle of musketry from the direction of the camp struck upon his ear, and several men came running by the tent. " What's the matter ?" he asked of the man who was nearest him. "Oh, it's them soldier. You had better clear out, mate. There's a woman shot already; and the beggars are firing along the main street." Bob Sylvester did not clear out at all, but walked straight towards the main road, along which some forty or fifty soldiers were still ad- vancing in skirmishing order, though the firing had ceased. Without stopping for one instant, he walked straight up to the first soldier, and asked for his officer. " Captain Barrington is there," answered man, sulkily. Bob walked up to the officer, who had now come up, and had ordered the men to re-form and return. "Captain Barrington ?" asked the digger, raising his wideawake. " That is my name, sir," replied the officer. " My name is Sylvester," went on Bob. "You may have heard the Herbert's speak of me. I have heard of you, anyhow, and I want to ask you to do me a favour." " Anything l can do," replied Barrington. "I shall be happy." " I merely want to know if your men have taken any prisoners to-day. My mate, Mr. Ashton went out this afternoon, and has not yet returned." " We have taken no prisoners," answered the captain, " and none have been brought into camp. I have heard Mr. Ashton's name mentioned, and should be sorry to think anything might happen to him. Some fellow fired a shot at one of my men a short time ago ; the men replied, and, I am sorry to say, a woman in one of the tents has been killed. I should advise you to get hack to your tent as soon as possible." " Then you can't suggest, supposing Ashton not come back, any means of finding him ?" " He is not likely to be with rebels, I suppose?" said Barrington. Sylvester shook his head. " Then I am afraid I can suggest nothing," said Barrington politely; and bowing to the digger, he moved off his soldiers to the camp. Sylvester went back quickly to his tent ; but Ashton had not returned; and just as he was again going in search of him, he was seized by three or four men, and a gruff voice told him he was a prisoner. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 