j , . WESLEYAN SOIREE. / ; ' The i spiree in'Conneetion with. the anniversary, services of the Wesleyan Church, Barker-street, was held last evening. The tea was laid in the large and commodious school-room adjacent to the church, .for which tables were provided by Mesdames Greerihill, Greenhougli, O'Con- nell, Newton; Powell, : Wilson, 'and Yandell, merous, and after the elegant repast had been partaken of, a public meeting was held in the chapel. Mr Etchells presided, arid on taking the chair expressed an opinion that such meet ings should have the stamp of religion about them, and that by making them chiefly for aniusement,' opportunities for doing good were lost. Ho then called on Mr Crow to read the financial statement, from which il appeared that tho income had been L104, and the expenditure L120 6s 3d. After tho performance of a piece of sacred music' by the choir, the Rev. Air Bath, the esteemed pastor of the church, gave a short address, in which he referred to the agi tation in the minds of many as to " What is truth I" and " What is religion?" He had, ho said, watched the religious discussion going on in England for many years, and while many appeared inclined to go from the old ruts " truth " could only bo found in the Bible. The revelation was sometimes ob scure, but tlie secret of interpretation lay in spiritual enlightment. .Revelation was in some degree hidden in order to promote a spiritual activity in searching for it, and to enhance its value, but tlio Holy Spirit could guido into the depths of truth. It was not always disclosed because of excellence of intelligence, and hence the philosopher wandered about and found little, and could, if he had submitted to the guidance of the babe in Christ, have found much more. for. as the scrinture said. tln>.ip> tilings were hidden from the wise and prudent, and revealed unto babes. He believed that the religious agitation of the present day was owing to tho great revival of the last century whioh was witnessed in Methodism. There was underly ing it a great principle going through the whole world, and Methodism he believed could como out of the ordeal, for he could only Bpeak of Methodism as a special work of the Holy Spirit. Tlio rev. speaker then referred to the rationalistic and ritualistic parties in the Chureli of England. The question was how these two extremes could he brought together. Wesleyism occupied the point between tliem. It was liberal with just the spice of bigotry ' which enabled men to do and die for that which they believed to beriglit. Religion was nothing without life, and Method ism had no real mission without it. There were attempts to get tlio fruits of religion without the proper means. The gospel differed from ritualism, inasmuch as it relied mora on tho oar than the eye. Tho truth would sink deeper through tho former than a more appeal to tlio sense of sight, for the gospel was as a two-edged sword. TJiey had a great work to do, namely, aim at the' conversion of souls. Tliero was a great diversity of opinion as to how best to do it. Preaching, if profound, should bo clear also. There must bo truth and life/ for only by these could death be overcome. Tho gospel, by reason and persuasion, caused men .to choose for God : and it was observable that success soomed to attend inferior rather than tho highest human intellectual agency; as if to show that above nil there was some mighty influence, which oould only be accountod for by tlio presence of tlio Holy Ghost. After a fow further remarks, tho choir gave another sacred solbction, and tho Rev. Mr Usher gavo a short addross, in which ho reforrcd to tho harmonious working of tho Methodist systom, which lio urged should always bo bound together by lovo, and that all should be continually drawn towards Christ. At the close a colloction|was made, und after singing and benediction, the meeting closod. ; a ieniaie saiior nas neon neroro ino uenen at Yarmouth. . She stated to tho magistrates that tho captain of a vessol in tlio North Sea trade had induced her to leave Wybourg (a foreign port) with him, and to escape from her friends she assumed tho garb of a sailor. In a Baltic port tlio captain endeavoured to got rid of lior, but she refused to leavothe vessol, and returned with her, to Yarmouth, where lior sodueor for cibly sent lior ashore just as tlio vessel was again sailing. She informed .-the .police, who were in. time to arrest tlw captain. Ho paid a sum into court, and the mayor undertook to forward the girl to lior friends as soon as tho winter was over, 