THE PROPOSED INTERCHANGE OF ' PULPITS. j ' The following is the paper read on this subject at the recent meeting of the Church Reform Union by the Rev. J. Baldwin Brown, B.Y. " I accepted the invitation to address a few words to the Conference on the subject under discussion from the Nonconformist point of, view, with great heartiness. The object has my entire sympathy, and I think I may say would command the sympathy generally of the Nonconformist churches. And that not altogether, or chiefly, for our own sakes. We dwell happily and work happily among our brethren, and find our field of activity wide enough-alas ! too wide. But rather because a great act of public justice, while it is good for those who profit by it, and better for those who offer it is a still larger gain to the whole community. j " I stand here to-night in a novel and" somewhat difficult position. I am not only a Nonconformist but, as some present know, a strong Nonconformist; ''believing as thoroughly in In j dependency as any one present; believes, in the Established Church and I am addressing, an assembly of Chur chmen on what is after all a Church matter, fully conscious that my Independency must seem to many of them a strange perversity, while some, I fear, if they knew how' heart deep it was, would regard me ecclesias- tically as wholly given over to a reprobate, mind.' Still, before you, sh, and the liberal and generous men whom I see around me, I' am persuaded that I can speak freely, and in- deed that that is what you ask at my hands.! " This is a question, let me say, which we should never have raised or urged on your attention. It has grown up in the bosom of the Establishment, because Churchmen, j in growing numbers, feel that there is a great wrong to be lighted, and that they must put their hands to the work if they are to hold themselves forth with good conscience as the servants and ministers of the righteous Lord. Were I a Churchman, could I find room within your boundaries for principles and modes of action which seem to me as sacred as Christianity, I would throw my whole soul into this and kindred movements; I would give himself no rest until the policy of the Act of Uniformity was openly condemned as foolish and branded as wicked, and what may be possible of its evil work undone. I " It is not for me to dwell on the position and influence of the Free Churches of our country. Your meeting to-night is an honest recogni- tion that there is something, at any rate, in their life and their work for England, to which you would not be willingly i in declared hostility. I say nothing about comparative numbers. I care nothing about it one way or the other. 'I always shut my ears when men count numbers in connection with spiritual questions. Numbers never settled any thing in this world which was worth the settling. We have established our position! in England, and our claim for fraternal recognition in a more excellent way. The broad fact is patent that there is outside the Anglican Church a great breadth of Christian energy and vitality busy in the service of the community, in contending for its liberties, in teaching I its ignorance, in ministering to its poor, the Christianity of which is recognised by all discerning and liberal minds. Putting aside entirely our personal interests, it would be a sore evil for the country at large if that fact, patent to all, were not frankly recognised by the clergy of the Established Church. It would be simply shameful, and to the last degree detrimental to Christianity, if, while the Church of England is holding forth overtures of friendship to Churches abroad which are eaten up by superstitions, one half of which have paganism at their room, she were to refuse all commerce with Churches and ministers whose Christian character and work she cannot help recognising, and which lie within the sacred circle of the same national life. We know each other, we honour each other, we read each other's books, and are instructed, I stimulated, and strengthened by each other's I words; we join hands in a thousand schemes for the good of the community-and I say that something greater than either the Established of the Free Churches will suffer grievous harm and loss, if such a measure of frank recognition of each other's ministry be long postponed. "And now let me say a word on the matter itself. " The first thing which strikes me from your point of view'is'the importance of a thorough reciprocity. "We' venture to think that it is even more important that you should minister in our pulpits than that we should minister in yours. We know a good deal more about you than you know about us. We think that if you were to visit us, and see our affairs, and how we do' there would be something more genial in the portrait which you paint or us when you are describing the victims of the voluntary principle. We know you better] because you are more visible. We have been driven into comes a time was when we were glad to hide ourselves from sight. We have lived but a struggling life, cut off from your universities and your public activities, and I say frankly that I think there is something deeply ungenerous in the reproach that we cannot set stand side by side with you in the front ranks of scholarship and the service of the State. But you have had the broad theatre to your selves As English- men we know both you and your ways, j We think it a great matter that you should come among us, speak to our people, teach them what your higher culture and. discipline have taught t you, something, perhaps, of the ' mildness and sweet reasonableness ' which our rudeness misses; while we are ready in turn to impart- to 3 our people what we have been learning, perhaps in as diverse ways. But lect property must be the soul of the movement, if it is to have any high and lasting results. " I pass on to the next point, which is not without its gravity. I see that certain things are to be done ' under proper safeguards.' Mr. Winterbotham spoke some months ago of ' a watchful jealousy' as to some extent characteristic of the nonconformist attitude. He spoke most justly. Such things as the Act of Uniformity make 'watchful jealousy' for ages. To a people wronged and down-trodden, as we were not so long ago, this jealousy is the outer defence of honour. It is the legacy to us of generations of unequal conflict, of heavy sacrifices and sharp pains. I am, persuaded that those by whom I am surrounded are not the men to a cat this otherwise than with tenderness and respect. But any such jealousy would be mis- placed here. These are real difficulties which it becomes OUR to recognise ; it is natural that safeguards should be part of such a scheme as this. ( Of course it will be understood that the formal difficulties are all on one side, and that not our side. I for instance, am free to preach and ready to preach for any man, be he Jew, Turk, 01 infidel, if he will let me say what is in my he are. But the clergy are under legal disabilities in the matter. They are doing their best to get them removed on their side ; let' us consider justly what difficulties our constitution and organisation,' or disorganisation, may offer to them on ours. , j J" 'Nonconformist' ista Vague and largOiAyoid. A clergyman of the Church of England defends himself and his beliefs within certain limits, by his position, unless , my friend Mr. Voysey succeeds in his appeal, and then I fear the limits are nowhere. You know at once, within certain limits, what you are dealing with when you mention the Avoid, clergyman. , A Nonctn formist does not define himself except by a negation. You know that you are not dealing with a State Churchman, but beyond that you may have' a Ranter, a! Mormon, a Southcottian, to 'treat with, for anything that the "Avoid Nonconformist' ' feA'eals." ' I ' Wave always felt that Non conformists ' ' were" not a little unjust to the GOA eminent,, 'iii their Com plaints that, as regards marriages for instance, ) their, ministers are not put in the same position with the clergy of the Established Church. ' But what is a Nonconformist minister? the Government may fairly answer. ' ' We know what an Independent, a Baptist, .aTtfethodist is; and should be prepared to treat their ministers with all confidence. But on what principle could live treat with them as classes, which would not apply equally to the ministers of the obscurest and most fanatical sects in the land? ' > j j "And the difficulty is a real one, I imagine! in such a matter as this. You need some discrimination of Nonconformists. Nay, I will go 'farther. Oui distinctive principle as Indepen- dents-a very old one, and, we think, a very noble one-offers a difficulty to liberal Church men, who may be willing to hold forth a friendly hand to us. What is an Independent minister ? We can give no sort of guarantee of the style, education, and bearing of the men whom we comprehend under the common name. Some of our own people are a good deal troubled at this, and are full of devices foriestrainingoi controlling the liberty of which it is the, result. For myself, I confess freely that it does not trouble me much. I accept liberty with all its anomalies and difficulties, and expect to find myself sometimes with strange comrades as an Independent minister of the Gospel. I saw it pithily stated in a leading article the other day, to our confusion, that,' any half-dozen nobodies may meet together and form an Independent church. That, no doubt, offers a difficulty to those who would meet with us in such relations as these. But let me not be misunderstood. I believe in the principle of which this may be the outcome, thoroughly; I believe it to be the church principle to which we are all coming in time. Of these nobodies who can meet and form a church I say, in the name of truth and liberty, why should they not? If anything seriously moves them to it, the very best thing they can do is to form the church, and see what will come of it. Men team by their faults, follies, and failures as much as by their successes. Nay, more. Which are the best lessons of our lives? We are fond of making excellent arrangements to spare men these chances of failure, and to keep them steady in even paths. But perhaps the thing which heaven ordained for them was, to try for themselves, and fail, and try again, gaining true wisdom at last with time and pain. And about these nobodies who are the nobodies, who are the some bodies in this region? 120 nobodies once met in an upper chamber in Jerusalem, and before long they revolutionised the world. A smaller company of nobodies once met in the manor house of Scrooby, on the borders of Lincolnshire, and formed the first modern Independent church. Out of them came forth the policy and character of the United States of America. The only possible way of sifting the some bodies from the nobodies is by letting them all by what they can accomplish. The finest play ofpoAver'for every man is what is demanded in this highest region and I believe that it was the purpose of God to leave all men a free field of trial on the high level of this Church. We have not got to the end of of what the nobodies AVIII do for the world. It is then with no doubt of the truth or Virtue of our Independent principle that I recognise the difficulty which it presents to Churchmen, in meeting us in this matter otherwise than as they know us as individual ministers of the Gospel. , , j "Clergymen will have to select men with whom they will feel at! liberty to exchange pulpits. Probably they will find it! needful to obtain the consent of their bishop.' That, would be no trouble to us ; it' would he. a private arrangement between them and their ecclesiastical superior, which we, who are in the dark as to the virtue of episcopacy in these days, are hardly competent to criticise. What I think we should greatly deprecate would be anything like a list of Nonconformist ministers who might appeal to be quasi licensed to preach in Angli- can pulpits. We should refuse to occupy a pQsition^soimidious with respect to our brethren, who may be poorer in culture, speech and manners, but in every other way more earnest, self-devoted, and faithful ministers of Christ than ourselves. . " There is one other point on which I must say a "word. It may seem uncalled for, but I feel bound to say it. I earnestly Avam those who are promoting this righteous and liberal movement, against the very natural impression that those of us who are prepared to meet them halfway, and Jealously co-operate with them, are nearer than their brethren to the principle of the Established Church. I am persuaded that you will find the most cordial as ternal fellowship in this matter from those among us who are most firmly assured. that) I dependency is of God, I do not mean simply by this that it has apostolic warrant. -It has that and much more. Many things are of God! in the Church, in your Church, and in each, of which the apostles never dreamed. I call that of God in churches, and that alone, which has the force of truth, the fire of life, and the manifest witness of the Holy Ghost."- English Independent. 