LAUNUOESTON EXAM INER. 1 tl TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1871. E \- d Wn recently acknowledged the receipt of a three tracts printed under the auspices of an f association bearing the title of "The Land d Reform League of Victoria," and intimated a that we should probably notice them in a sub. t sequent issue. Whether or not the "we" of Melbourne are like the " weo" of London, I where the throee tailors of Tooloy-street adopted the pronoun and proclaimed them, soelves "WeVo, the people of England" is a ques; tion we cannot determine until the brother. hood condescend to make known the names of their members. The impression produced is that we have only one tailor to deal with, and that his notions are very crude and very mischievous. "Free Trade, what it ought to be in a new country" is an article reprinted from the Melbourne Leader. We are so simple in our conceptions as to believe that "free trade" is the same in all latitudes, and in all countries whether now or old. "There oran be no genuine or consistent free trade in any country which raises a revenue by in. direct taxation," says the writer of the article; but this initiatory statement we take the liberty to deny in common with a cloud of economists who have really studied such sub. jests. Taxes for purposes of revenue are on tirely compatible with free trade. The genius who writes has discovered that thoer are about forty millions of acres of land in Vic toria, which, if let at a shilling an acre per annum, would have yielded an ample revenue, and all othorkinds of tax tion might havoboon dispensed with. But what if no tenants could have been found on these apparently favorable terms1 If the prejudice of mankind in favor of fee simple could not have been removed, Victoria would have had no more substantial existence than Plato's Republic, Harrington's Oceania, Moro's Utopia, or Bacon's Atlantis. Immi grants would not have been attracted to- Vic toria by leaseholds when they could secure freeholds in other parts of the world. The as sumption that the forty million acres would be taken up so as to yield a revenue for the purposes of government is simply cooking a hare before it is caught. The land systems that have prevailed in Vic toria are numerous, and all were blunders, whoen the simple process of exchanging an acre for so much cash was departed from. But it is not too late to alffix a shilling an acre per annum for all the land alienated, and to let the residue on the same terms. Justice would of course require that Government should buy up the interest in, and the improvements on the soil at present belong ing to private individuals. We doubt, how ever, it a Ministry can be found sufficiently bold to propose or to carry such a scheme into execution. An author of repute says: The circamstance of rent unavoidably rising in the progress of society, inclines many to think that it would be good policy for the governments ol countries which possess large tracts of fertile and uoappropriated land, to retain the property of such land, and to let it by public auotion, in such portions, and for each a number olfyars, as might be deemed advisable. This however, is a very questionable position. The probability seems to be, that it would hinder the unudert king of many of those expansive improvements in drainage, and in the construction of houses, roads, and bridges, the formation of plantations, &0, necessary to the fall development of the produoe tive energies of the soil, that are eotered into by individuals who have the absolute property of the land, and can bequeath It to their successors These consequences might no doubt be, in part at least, obviated by nlcreasing the length of the leases, so as to encourage a liberal outlay of capital. On the whole, however, it would seem that a right of private properly in land is the best stimulus to Its improvement. And it must further be observed, that where sanch right Is es tablished, the landlords prescribe and enforce such conditions for the management of the land, as, speaking generally, are effecuoal to hinder It from being worn out and impoverished previously to the expiration of leases. Bu it it s easy to see that no such power of regulation and superintoend. ence could be safely intrusted to governmentl officers i and we have little doubt that, through the deterioration of the land, originating in the want of the vigilant superintendence of the land. lords, a country would lose incomparably more by adopting the project than It would gain. . It is true, could those drawbacks be got rid of. Its adop tion would be productive of sundry advantages. And it bee been said, that as populationineroseod, and as the expenses of Government were neces. sarily augmented an increasing revenue would, under this plan, be provided to meet them; a revenue, too, we are desired to recollect, that is raised without hardhbip to any individual what. ever, and which, even though - the Government should not take It, would notwithstanding exist and have to be paid by the consumers of raw pro. duce. Under such a system the owners of capital would enjoy its profits, the class of labourers would enjoy their wages, without any deduction whatsoever; and every man wouldt employ hlscapitalinthe way which was really most I advntageous, withont receiving any indocement, by the mischievous operation of a tax, to remove it from a channel In which it was more, to one in which it would be less, roductilye to the nation. Bnt we are well convinced that these supposed advantages are not destined eaver to be realisod; and that the amount of wealth oi of produce to bo divided among.its inhabitauts, in a country with a right of private property in sod, will alway. vory muecal excoed its amotpt tc lid no eaoll right exiast At nil events, it is clear I hlt it would be must unjust, whiereo right of private properly in land is estabilshed, to attempt lh o impose any exclusive taxes on the landlords, cli ,lI chlaes should be made to contribute, In pro. portion to their leaens,l to the wants of theetateo int wilen once theme means have been properly re value), the noerces whoenceo they are derived ore , quite anlmoatotsil. We think it self evident that instead of a having an income of three millions sterling per annum from land, there would have been no roventtu at all, But supposing the people have absorbed thile revenue by tho purchaseo and occupation of tile land, they are the i colony,. and contribute the taxation required, so that at least nothing is lost, but, in fact, much gained. Tract No. 2 is a reprint from the ?West ,minster Reviete, said to be written by Mr. D. Symo, of theI Melbourne Age. It refers to the original tenuroe of land-military service whilch the owners have shirked, and provided d no equivalent. But we must take a step or two backward, and ask what right tile Dane, the Saxon, and Normaan had to despoil thei Britons of their patrimony, and impose con ditions on those to whom grants of land were made TIhe truth is, all such onquiries are futile. Feudalism long since died a natural death, and those now in possession of the soil i of England are lchiefly persons who haveo thomsoelves, or their progenitors, paid hard oash for it, or sunk so much capital in imt provoments as to fairly entitle tiheo Sto all the advantages they enjoy. The article or tract speaks favorably of those arbitrary interferences withl the ac. cumulation of property which at one time s disfigured the Statute book, and were most d pernicious in their results. If there is a willing unemployed population in Great Britain that cannot find work and food there, t instead of indulging in fine spun theories to d improve their condition by legislation, let the o subject be treated practically, and the sur. it plus sent to Australia at the public cost, and d thus transform paupers into purclhasrs. We e are afraid, however, that there is a large and n increasing class both at home and abroad who h. have no inclination to work for their living, 0; and prefer indolence, begging, and theft to te honest toil. The writer of the tract now f under notice is so credulous as to assume that b. if Government were the sole landlord in I. England, and lot land on thirty years' leases, .s to be indefinitely renewed, English capital e invested in the colonies at present at perhaps e- an average of eight per cent. would be recalled or and let at two and three per cent I For our. e, selves, we cannot see the advantage to be me gained by arranging that lands shall be por to mnanently leased by one set of persons in ly preference to being owned by their present td proprietors. The law of entail is objectionable, ot and the power to deal with property for more Id than two lives is unnecessary in order to en co courage accumulation. The third tract consists of selections from F- J. Stuart Mills's "Political Economy." But it would be well to get the latest edition of that gentleman's works )ofo!'i'p?'5ouncing on his opinions. For instanco,"o' was a strong Id advocate for the ballot;'than he was a strenu ous opponent; and perhaps tliay yet again be ct found arguing in its eavor. No one has been tmore free in the denunciation of those who have exercised what he called undue influence at elcotions, yet lie presumed to dictate to certain English constituencies the representa. tives they should return, and for this piece of it impertinence le was himself rejected by the radical borough of Westminster. In, one to place leo affirms " the requisites of production are two: labor and approprieto natural objects"; in another he says " The three re quisites of production are labor, capital, and land," which is true. Human nature is ignored when he says " the best state for it is that in which while no one is poor, no one 30 desires to be richer." The following is a sample?of oMr Mills's ethics: ie Supposo thatlthereis akind oflocome which con stantly tends to increase, wlthout any exertion or esacrifice on th part of the owneors; those owners he coustituting a class in the cornmnnity, whom the Iy natural eourse of things progressively enriches, in consistently with complete passiveness on their as own part. In such a case it woeld be no viola. ties of the principles on which private property Y is grounded, if the State should appropralto this increase of wealth, or part of it, as it arlee,. This I would not properly be taking anythilng from any esBody; it would merely be applying an accession of wealth created by circumstances to tlhe benefit a' of society, instead of allowing It to become an on y earned appendage to the riches of a particular of class. SIf land fell in value would the owner be en cc titled to olainm from the governmentthle amount of of depreciation I If it increase in value, the i government are no more entitled to appro. st priate thile increment than they are called upon to make good a deficienoy."'The price paid for land is so much higher than it othler m wise wouldbo in consequence of its prospective Sincrease 'in value. The reason assigned for Sthis violation of individual rights is tile most S'absurd imaginabloe-" it'would bonofit society b insteiad of enriching a particular class l'! Of 1\. what is "society" composedi Of individuals 'a nd classes, and if these prospor and increase .in wealth, society will prosper7and increase is. i vwealth. It is the old, old atory- robbing SPeter to pay Paul .. . d, The Land League of Victoria, so far as it Scano exert an influence, will only injure overy t. section of the people, and retard their advance o ment. isc -------- -t---- - o* A 3tOVErENT is on foot in England amongst a number of mechanics and others to emigrate v to this island, and on some portion of it to d found a "Mechanic Colony." It is proposed that the first contingent of emigrants from the Sold country shall consist of at least one I thousand persons, so selected from various se handicrafts as'to at once form a working be community. The promoters of the move: ment have come to the conclusion that Tas In mania possesses every possible requisite for the successful eslablishment of such a colony in an articlo on the subject, which appears in not the Esylish Meohlanio, the salubrity of the ii climato, the fertility of the. soil, the thi abundance of its waterpower, and its varied 4W resources are warmly oulogised; and the 90: writer remarks :-" Australia proper pos. erses untalitied rosoreoes, mineral, agricul- be tural, end pastoral, and in the course of time ha no doubt many industries will take a con- T1 siderable hold; but as a rule its climate is not suited for the general development of B manufacturing industries, the extremes of F heat being too great throughout its wvholo t extent. Hence there is no doubt but that at the vast supplies of wool, cotton, sugar, silk, &c.;, which Australia is capable of producing o in enormous abundance must find their way I to a more temporate clime for the purpose ti of being worked up into thleir destined pro i ducts, and in the whole of the southorn'lhomi sphere-putting aside Now Zealand, which, in the meantime, is too distant-Tasmania is h the only spot of earth possessing the. whole necessary qualifications for such a pur pose." It seems that a careful rOsltlt l of the scheme has boon drawn up 1 and forwarded to the Tasmanian Government for consideration, and the promoters appear sanguine that a very favorable view will be taken of the movement by our Government, I and that liberal terms will be secured. Of n course, with the reticence which characterises the Wilson-Chapman Ministry nothing on the subject has boon allowed to escape c. from them, and wore it not to for coming across the article referred et to (and whicll by-the-by was pub a lished so far back as the 23rd December last) at no one else would have known anything about it. As we have had occasion to point to out before, this reticence is a great mistake. he The Government would have acted wisely in Ir. publishing the correspondence. The matter ad would then have been freely discussed, and ye doubtless valuable hints would have been ad thrown out for their guidance in dealing with he the proposal. As we do not know the terms 1g, submitted by the promoters we cannot of to course pronounce any opinion upon them. ow We can only say that of all classes of immi lot grants, those possessed of some capital, and in both able and willing to work, are the most as, desirable, and every inducement should be tal held out to such persons to come and settle lps in this colony. led RUMORED FRAUDULRNT CONEcALMoIRNT OF r. Goons.--The Melbourneo .rgvs states that on be Friday last "the detectives seized a quantity or- of tobacco and otlher property in Bourke-stroet, said to have bees concealed by a person who in had made on assignment of hisi estate, and i't left for Tasmania to file his schedule there." ,lo, Our Melbourne correspondent has also tele are graphed to the samo effect, mentioning the en- name of the firm said to be implicated, but as we hear on good authority that the circum stance is onpable of satisfactory explanation, um we, in the mentime, refraim from publishing it the telegram in question. at Tsis EuoLISlII MAI.-At 11 o'clock last his night there. was no, sign of thile arrival of tihe English mail ffL Adolaide; ;Where it is due ng to-day. FOOTBALL--On Saturday last Mr Barrett with his pupils (past and present) met a team of the. members of the Launceston Football Club, and the closest and most exciting match ever played in Launceston was the result, the game ending in a draw. On the appearances of the respective sides in the.field, it was seen that the " boys" were terribly overweighted, and as their opponents had won the toss and elected to kick from the southern end of the ground, it was supposed that the "young uns" had not the ghost of a chance. Mr Barrett however, posted his small army so scientifi- cally, and set them such a good example by his splendid kicking, that the opposing forces found ii no easy task to send the ball between the posts. The skill, pluck, and endurance of the "boys" combined with a dogged perseverance overcame all difficulties, and though laboring under the great disadvantage of kicking up hill for more than two hours, they succeeded by their desperate energy in keeping the ball at a respectful distance from their own goal, and frequently driving it into dangerous proximity to that of their opponents. The play of the representatives of the club was also exceedingly good, though not nearly so well sustained. A large number of specta- ors witnessed the game and were especially delighted with the numerous scrimmages, and the nonchalance with which the players re- ceived the inevitable "spills." The struggle will be resumed next Saturday. it ' OATrortLI BAzAAn..-Tho supplementary o . bazanr hold in the Odd Follows' Hall,.Hobart lar Town, in aid of the building fund of the Ohurch of the Sacred Heart at Now Town, mn- was brought to. a conclusion on Saturday. nt Upwards of £00 was realised. - II. Z. he Mercury. TnaNseFn OF IlurPnrAL PRIsoNERn AT PORT 0 Annn TO A t-r- ,LocAL Govnnuaesr.--On ed May- day an important change occurred, ce through whiob the last voesitgeo of Imperial r. interference in tihe management of the affairs of Tasmania passed away. On that day the oare of the Imperial prisoners at Port Arthur was hbanded over to the local Government, st with all the stores belonging to her Majesty. ty Nothing remains to be done but to valne these Of '!belon?gfisgs " and pay for them, and thon in Tlismonaisa there, will be nothing over which the C olonial Government does not possess uefull power. The question will now arise as so to what is to be done with' the penal settle g monot at Port Arthur, and with tile few con victs, and the misurablo assemblage of old Sand worn-oat people, who are located there. tH. ·2. .11eretry. r PoLICE COUnT.-On Saturday and' yester ec- day there were blank sheets at the Police Court. , Fsm' AT BnowN's RIvEa.-On Thursday get morning hInst, 'the promises at Kingston, ito Brown's River, formerly occupied as a shop to by Mr Keen, caught fire and were burned to d the ground.. The promises contained a quantity of hay, a obtchaff catler, and other Io implements, all of which were destroyed, and no had it not been for the assistance rendered by us the noighboors, the fire would in all pro babilitg have communicated with the premises g occuopied by Mr George LnOcas, captain of the noiw -whaling bark lael of France. . The s?- value of the properly destroyed is estimated at or £200.-H. 2.. ateroury. SPOBltLE . AGAINBT TAKING AN OATx.--Amau named 'Abraham Leileh, whoonWedno'daywas ontonoed by Messrs,'.Tarleton and Ellieton at bobart Town, to not exceeding 14 days' at trlh House of Correotion for refusing to be 4worn In n oa'o of lardony, was on Friday, says the Meroury recalled on the further hearing of thr case. He again declined to be sworn, giving the anao reason ns before, that be was a meombor of the Socieoty of Friends, had never taken an oath, and Rover would. Theo man, In reply to the Bench, also said he did not considor that if he took the oath, it would be binding on his conscience. Mr J. B. Mother, a Minister of the Sooiaty of Friends, who attended by request, said'he did not know the witness; and the man' himself stated that he had never attended meeting in this country. Mr Tarloton candidly admitted that when they sent the man to gaol on Wed nesday he was not aware of the new legisla. tion, having for some time been absent from the Bench, but for reaseon.whioh he expressed at largo,.ho and his brother magistrate were sumolelently satisfied not further. to press the oath. The deoolaration provided by. the now Aot was then administered and the man gave his ovidenco. QUEEN'S BIRITHDAY BALL.--The usual ball at Government HI-ouseo, in commemoration of the anniversary of Her Majesty's birth, will be given on Friday, 2nd. June. Cards of invitation have been already issuod. MEnoIANIcs' TNSTITUTt.-The first lecture r of tihe current session will be delivered in tihe large hall of the Mechanics' -Institute this , evening, by the Rev. Charles Pries, on "The Great Works of Modern Times." a TII TnMoPERANO NEWs.-- Wo have re. ceived by tire last mail from Molbourno the current number. of /he? Temperance Ndres and olrhabito Journal. In addition to a large amount of miscellaneous news, vglumi. d none correspondence; and tales--all bearing . on the tomperanoe cause-there is atn excel. lent likeness of the hon. Francis Longmore, M.P., late vice-President of tire Melbourne g Total Abstinence Society. COLONIAL DEBENTURES. - The Coloniasl 0o Treasurer having invited tenders for the in purchase of Government Debentures to be er issued on the let July next,, under authority ad of an Act of Parliament to replace debentures paid off during the present year, and . which On are to be redeemable at the Colonial Treasury th on the 1st of July, 1881, the tonders.received ns were opened at the Colonial Treasury at noon of on Friday. The total amount of stook tendered for was £4,100, and the amount m. offered was £4,354 5s, giving an average ui- premium of £106 48 per £100 debentures, nd but as the new debentures will not issue or ast bear interest until the let July, while the be persons whose tenders have boon accepted must pay the balance of purchase money into the Treasury before noon' on the let Junoe proximo, the Treasury will thus gain a month's interest, thus raising the average premium paid by the tenderers to £0 149 per ou cent. Of the £4,100 stook tendered for, £1,500 was taken up in one tender at £100 per £100, and £1,200 in various tenders at ad the eamo rate, namely, the limit which Governmort had fixed as that under which lo- no tenders would be accepted. One tender tr for £300 at £100 6e was accepted, also one for as £1,000 at £100 10s per £100 debenture, and the highest tender was a single £100 do. beoaturo at £108 10s.--H. T. lnercrry. on, ST. LEONARDS-n-WO beg to remind the ag residents at St. Leonards, that a mooting of rat those interested in til erection of a bridge ie over Clarke's ford, will be hold at Mr Harris's luo Inn at one o'clock to morrow, As the pro. posed brirlgo would be of great benefit to the Ott township, we have no doubt there will be a of good attendance. ub, AnvIs TO EMeRINTerS To FrJI.-The F?1i rer 2imes gives the following good advice to in. the tending settlers :-"Now that the hurricane lce season has about passed, and that vessels will yen be frequently arriving from the colonies, and ad bringing down a stream of immigration, we end must raise n warning voice against any influx the of men without means seeking to better Is" thomeoves. Carpenters, shipwrights, and tt blacksmiths do pretty well, but already we ifi. have as many as can find remunerative em by ployment, whilst for men to come hbore seeking oe situations as overseers is folly. The only class ten of porsons who may expect to botter'them ice solves are thoes who are pososeed of energy ed and casoneb, and who can not only rough it, but od likewise boar a good deal of disappointment, go for that is the lot of every settler in Fiji." Rra, R on?one RAoas.-These rhoes came off on in Friday last, and from a report in our Southern cm contemporary we observe that the meet was a rto failure, both as regard the attendance 'and the te. racing. The fielde were very small indeed, ub two horses only coming to the post for each rly event. Both heats of the Maiden Plato were ta- won by Hermit ; Waterloo beat Linnet in the Ily Richmond Handicap, Phantom, Talleyrand, nd and Midnight being .scrathed; Lord Dun re. dreary carried off the Steeplechase; and the le Hurry Skurry was given to Midnight by an apparent flake, but a dispute occurring, Tal ry loyrand and Midnight again competed, when rt the former proved the vitoor. he Ten BLACR BOY.-The tidings which roeach un, us from this flourishing goldfield are of a most my. gratifying character, and it would appear that 1\. could the requirements of the district in; the shape of a publio orushing plant be met, we aT should soon hear of many rich olaims, now )n lying idle, being worked at moch profit to tirhe d, proprietors and to the colony at large. ul AeATRna Dn.AMATro CLUn ENNTanTAINMaNT. ir- -In consequence of the unfavorable stelate of he thie weather yesterday evening thire entertain -or nent announced by the L. A. D. Club did not Stake place, but has boon postponed until next y. Monday. ' 'so in PnreY LrACerar.--On Sunday night two ch sides of bacon and tlhree hams were stolen from the promises of Mr WV. F. Wathen, Charles.street. Mr Watlion's son had occa. a,- sion to go out at midnighlt, and it is supposed tlhat he left the side gate open, and the thief Id or tiioves must hIave got in by that means. \- LOorFOrnD MNU?OzPar. Etnoreox.. -.' have reooeived from a correspondent at Long-' ir- ford an analysia of the pblling which took 0o place there on last Friday for the election of a Municipal Councillor In the room of George y Gihbson, Esq., and which resulted in the defeat n, by 9 votes of Mr F. J. Hoeghton, Dr. Apple ap yard being thie snocessful candidato. From to this it would appear that at Lonyford Dr. a Appleyard polled 08, Mr Houghton, 81; Poert or -Apployard, 21; EHoughtoo, 00; Oressy-. ad Apployard, 65; Ioomnhton, 30; BisLops. ay bourne-Apployard, 76; Houghton, 50. Total \--Appleyard, 260; Houghton, 251. One es hundred and seventy-two persons voted, viz., re at Longlord, 05; Porth,?4; Cresey, 33; and re Bishopebourne, 30. r The number of informal' at papers was 18, of which Longford contributed 13. BETTEl TIuAN FA oINa.- -A beat bas just come in to Ciroular Hond bolonging to a mai known as Johnny the Frenobman, who wl(? two other man, have obtained in nine wo0,8 no less than 0,000 mutton birde, two, eaks of motion bird oil, and soveral buge of feathore from offl 'rofoil Island opposite Cape Grir. They are selling thbo birds at .£1 per hundred: the oil has boon sold at 4a per gallon. Our corrospondont adds:-" this is bettor than farming." A LUNATro.-In our Melbourne tolegraphic intelligence published last Thursday, It was stated that a pissengorainmed Erdls by the ase. Derwent, which arrived from Launceston on the previous Tuesday, bad been arrested on a 5chargo of l0snay, and that '170 overeignos were fouoll In hls possession. The following partioulars are given in the Melbourne Argus of Wednesday last, 3rd listant --" It seems hardly credible In these days of robbery and eharplng that a lunatic could travel from Tasmania to Melbourno by steamer, and about tthe streets of Melbourno In a cab,whhli nearly £200 in sovereigns loose in his pockets, without boisg robbed yet such an experienceo occurred to a man in an unsound state of mind, who was landed at the wharf yesterday. Ile asked a cabman to drive him frome the wharf. on which ho was landed by the steamer Derwent, to the Melbourne Hospital, and on arrival there, after an examination, he was found to be a more fit subject for the Lunatic Asylum. The cabman, who had been waiting on the chance of getting his fare, drove the 1man at last to the watellhouee, whore ihe was looked up on a charge of lunsay, coused, it was supposed, by drink, and on his being searched it was found that he had loose in his pockets £170 in sovereigns and half sovereigns, and something more In silver, aterlthe cabman had been pai. Itiafare. From papers fonud In the mall's possession it was surmised that his name was Samuel Erdia, and that ie hiad kept a pobllc houses In Now Zealand, and had also passed an examination as engineer on board the IVonga Wvonga iHe said he came from Otago to Launoeston, and thence to Molbourno by the Deretent, but his mind seemed quite gone, and he was unable to give oany coherent account of himself. lHe was ex amined by doctors, and b-h lg pronounced onanle, was sent to the Yarra Bead Asylumn by Mr Start, P.M., his money being sent with'him. The agents of the steamer were com municated with, and informed that if warned within seven daysol! the ltading, the captain of the steamer sla sobject to a penalty (£100) for bringing a luoatio into the colony If he does not take the man back; and to dq this now 'it will be necessary ,to got him oat of the asylum, at coan siderable trouble and expense. The agents agreed that the man should be shipped back again." 