' . b ss. ? ?' . frnoM chambers's journal.] I was on duty as Load-guard of tho up north : train when what I am about to toll you took placo. It happened ono wot and stormy autumn evening just about duBk. How woll I remember the timo 1 My journoy for tho day was over, and tho train was just drawing up to tho platform at Fork End Station— Pork End is a vory busy placo now, as- 1 daresay you are awaro,' and it was a busy placo oven then — when I heard a sudden sharp cry of 'Man down I' from Bomo of tho porters. Tho vory same momont, as it soomod, my van, ? which was at tho tail ondof tho train, gavo a strango sort of jolt, as though tho wheels had ° beon lifted off tho motals and had gone over something soft. I turned cold from head to foot, and lotting go the handle of my break, was-out of my van in a couplo of seconds. There the poor fellow was. sure enough, lying about a yard away from tho hindmost wheels, a neap of clothes and broken bones. In attempting to got out bo foro tho train had como to a stand-still, he had slipped down betweon tho carriages and tho plat- , form. Ono carriage and my heavy , break- van had gone over him. I was the fiist man that leaped down on to the lino to lift him up. Wo got him on to tho platform as tenderly as we could ; a riug of porters, guards, and passengers formed round us. A couplo of lantornB held aloft lighted up tho ghastly scene. Ho whom I held in my arms was a man between fifty and sixty years old ; his sandy hair and his sandy beard wero fast turning groy. Ho had a sharp foxy looking faco, liko that of a man keen at a bargain, and well ablo to tako care of his own interests. He was plainly dressed in black and grey, but with a certain stamp about him which snowed that he was both a gentleman and a man well to do. Poor follow ! ho was very near his end. He had given utterarico to no cry when lio first foil, and one or two low moans wero all that now told his agony. His lips moved as though he wanted to speak to mo, but only a faint murmur came from thorn. I bent my ear close to his mouth, but even thon I could not mako out what lie wanted to say. Ho groaned and shut bis .eyes, and I thought ho was gono ; but in a moment or two his eyes opened, and again he tried to speak, but in vain. Thon, for about as long a time as it would take me to count twenty, his gaze met mine with an expression in it of such yearning anxiety and terrible despair as I have never seon sinco, and hope never to see again. Then a sud den spasm crossed his face, changing its whole expression; he flung one arm out quickly, his head fell back, and he was dead. A stretcher was brought, on which, the body was carried to the dead- house at the hospital, thero to await the inquest. The dead man had no luggage with him, except a small black hag; but there wero papers about him sufficient to provo his identity. His name was Muxloe, and he lived in London. He was a bachelor, and had chambers in the Temple ; and his business, as far as I could make - out, seemed a sort of cross between that of a lawyer and a money- lender. After the inquest, at which I was called as one of the chief witnesses, the body was claimed by the relatives, and I thought that I had seen aud heard the last of Mr. Mux loe. I went about my work as usual, but I could not get out of my memory that look of terrible despair which had flashed from tho dead man's eyes into mine during that last minute of his life. It haunted me by day, and it haunted me by night, when I was at work and when I was asleop. Do what I would, I could not get that ghastly face, with its strange yearniDg gaze, cut of my mind. Poor as I was, I would have given much to know what it was that Mr. Muxloo was so despairingly anxious to tell me. A month or moro passed away, and although the poor dead gentleman was often in my thoughts, I had quite recovered my cheerfulness, when the strangest thing happened to mo. I was acting as guard that weok to the 9 a.ra. down express. Wo bad stopped at Clay woods, a station about thirty miles north of Park End : I had got out of my van as usual to see after the passengers ; I had made everything right, and was just about to givo the starting-signal with my whistle, when, a3 I walked alongside the train, glancing into a com partmiont hero and there, whom should I seo sit ting in ono of the carriages, as plainly as over I saw anything in my life, but the dead man, Mr. Muxloo ! You might navo knocked me down with a feather, as the saying is. My blood turned cold to see in his oyes that samo strange look of which I have already spoken. It was a look that went through me, and chilled my heart with horror. How I contrived to give tho signal for th6 train to Btart, and got back into my van, I never ' knew ; but we had got half a dozen of miles from Claywoods before I seemed to como to my proper senses. All that I could do, as soon as I WaB fit to think more calmly, was to doubt tho evidence of my own eyes. I waB an utter diBboliover in ghosts or apparitions of any kind. I would not believo that I had seon anything out of tho common way in tho present case ; I chose rather to think that I had beon a victim to somo freak of my imagination — that Mr. Muxloo had been so much in my thoughts of latd, that I had come nt length to beliovo that I saw Mr. Muxloe again in propor porson. I had quito persuaded myBolf that such must be the caso by tho timo wo drew up at our noxt station ; still, it was not without a littlo shrinking of tho nerves that I walked quickly past tho carriage whore I had seen tho ghost, or whatovor it was. Thoro wns no ghost thero now— and I laughed a littlo spiteful Tnugh to myself. In fact, two old ladies had just hail tho door of the vory compartment opened for thorn, and wero boing thrust in with thoir boxes and bundles. I saw tho old ladies comfort ablv stated, and shut tho door on thorn myself ; and tis I (lid so, I unthinkingly rnd off the num ber nf tbn .'arringe in which they had takon thoir n?aces— that nuii 1fir was B 88. There seemed I kept, repeating them ove. to mys^f after tlio train was fairly under way agaiu, p ' 3 ''y momory to think whoro I had heard tlibl0 At last, It all flashed aoross my mind ; Bbo WftH tho number of tlio carriage from which Mr. Mux-; loo was in tho not of alighting when ho missed his footing and fell 1 Tho number had beon brought up among other ovidonco nt tlio inquest/ and liad thoro impressed itsolf on my memory/ Thoro wns something odd about tlio affair that I didn't half liko : porbaps tho apparition was my death-token, and had beon sont te warn mo. For tho romnindor of that day my thoughts woro far from comfortable. Next day, I waB ordered away in charge of a speoial, nnd I did not go out any more that weok with the 9 a.m. express. Tho week following, it was my turn to go out with tho 9.15 p.m. mail ; it was u train that, as a rule, carried vory fow passengers. WhitoAsh was ono of tlio stations, and at it wo stopped for three minutes to pick up and sot down pout-office bags. Wo wore just on tho point of starling again, nnd I had just taken my ubuiiI look along tho length of tho train to seo that everything wan secure, wlion— as you will already liavo guessed— 1 was again startled by seeing tlio ghost of Mr. Muxloo sitting all ulono in tlio middlo compartment of a firat.clorii carriago. That carriage wna the liato . ful 1Y 88 I Tho light from tlio roof shone down full nnd clear on tho dead man's face : it was stony and expressionless, except for tho vivid light in those deep-sot eyes, which gazed into initio with that samo terrible yearning of whioh I liavo spoken boforo, as though it hail somo dread secret oq ita mind, and could obtain lio .rcst till- it- liad revealed it to mo. I was still looking —breathless, spoil-bound— and I Boomed to liavo boon looking for roinutos instead of seconds, whoa it slowly uplifted a!Iean forofitagor; and beckoned me to go to it; ' This was raorotnaril could bear; I fainted cloar awny on ; tho plat form. Whon I oamo to' mysolf, tlio train had been sent forward in chargo of another guard, and J was lying in ono or tho ivaitinc-roonio. whore the station-master and his daughter had boon doing their best to bring me rouna. Well, my norvos wcroso upset that it was almost a weok boforo I was fit to go on duty again. I had plenty of time, while sitting at homo, to turn tho wholo affair ovor and over again in my mind. I camo to tho conclusion that it was very likely I should soo Mr. Muxloo again— perhaps of ton again. But, arguing from all I lmd hoard and read about ghosts, thoy had no power given thorn to harm ono ; all that thoy could do was to ap- , poor1 unexpectedly at strango times and places, , ; and so mako thomsolves as unploosant as possi ble. Tho upshot of it was, that having made up my mind that I should see Mr. Muxloe again, I tried to so nervo myself as to bo ablo to look on him without being ovormuch afraid. 1 Aftor I got to work again, you may bo sure that; I looked ' carefully before starting on cach'jourrioy to too whothor that confounded B 88 formed part of my train. I had got an idea that I should novor soo Mr. Muxloo oxcopt in connection with that par- : ticnlar carriago, and, us tho dv'ent' proved, I' was right. Tho first timo -that I found B 88 made up as part of my train was about fivo days after, my recovery. There it was, ono morning, when. I went on duty, Btaring at mo. as brazon as; you pleaso. I seemed to pick it out instinctively from all tho other carriages.' I won't.say that' my hoart didn't flutter a littlo when 1 first marked it. I kept my oyo on ic; and was not a little pleased to seo . a gentleman and his two sons got . into it about two . minutes boforo ' starting. A glanco at their tickets showed mo that thoy had booked through to; a point about fifty miles boyond where I gavo up chargo of ,thb train. Not being ablo to have tho carriage to himself, Mr. Muxloo did not, on that' occasion, put in an appearaco. Two days later, B 88, was* again included in my train. This time, the middle compartment remained unoccupied. From tho momont that fact was cloar to me, I folt sure that I should soo Mr. Muxloo before tho end of my journey. Knowing this, you might, porhap3, ask mo what need there was for me to go near that particular carriago at all — or even, if Ihad to pass it, why I could not koop my eyes turned another way. If such questions, were put to mo, my only answer would he, that I couldn't, for tho life of me, keep away from tho carriage. As often as tho train camo to a stand my feet' seemed to drag mo past it against my will,' and then my eye3 would turn and look whether I wished them or not. Well, I did soo Mr. Muxloo several times before tho end of that journey. We stopped at four stations— the train was an express ono — and four separate times did I see nim. But if I hadseon him a thousand times, I folt that I could never become familiar with him—, never regard him with anything but a mixod fooling of tho deepest awo and averBion-r-a feeling too intense for mo to describe to you in any words. He seemed to bo always on tho look-out for me, and for nobody else. The moment I came in sight . of him his terrible eyes would meet mino, and then my heart would shrink within mo, and every ' nerve in my body would quiver; with dread un speakable. Always, too, he beckoned mo with his long, lean forefinger— hut I took good caro never to obey the summons. I don't want to trouble you with too many details. It is enough to say that every time I took out B 88 as a part of my train, and every timo tho middle compart ment was unoccupied,, so sure was I to see tho ghost of Mr. Muxloo. You see, it was a thing I dared not talk about, for fear the company should' say that a man who was in the habit of Boeing ghosts was not fit to ho guard of a train, ana should send me about my business in consequence. I did, however, talk about the ghost once or twice to my wife, and got ^caueu a. tool for. my pains. But what olso could a marriod man expect? Wives, as a rulo, don't like other people to call their husbands fools, but thoy don't object to make uso of that objectionable little word thorn salvos. Woll, sir, time went on, and my life almost became a burden to mo. I was a hauntod man, and I had no moans of gotting rid of my tormentor; I weutoff.my feed. I no longer en joyod my dinriors ad I had been usod to do. My ovening pipe no longer soothed mo. I bogan to go moro into company, and to frequent tho bar parlor of an ovening oftenor than was good for mo. i ..You seo, I could not bearr tho oompapy of my own thoughts. I novor likcfd to' Sit' by mysolf after dark. Even my sloop was broken, and dis turbed with dreams of that terrible ghost. It was soon aftor Mr. ' Muxloo first boga'n to 'trouble mo in this way that I made up my mind 'to ascer tain whether ho could bo seen by, anyone .besides mysolf. Ono day, when he had travolled with mo all tho way from Park End to tho end of. my jourhey, and wo liad drawn up for tho Collection of tickots, says I to ono of tho collectors, who hai pasBed his compartment as though it wero empty, and having my oyo on tho ghost all tho timo— says I: 'Bill, you linvo forgotten to collect that old gent's ticket m the middlo compartment of 1$ 88. ' Havo I J' says Bill, and with that ho goos back and opens tlio door of B 88.' 'Why, you duffer, tho compartment's empty,' says ' ho next momont, giving tho door an extra bang: ' Empty is it V says I, innocont-liko. ' Ah I now 1 recollect, tho old gent got out at tho last station.' But tho dread that , was upon mo deepoued whon I found that tho apparition could, ho soon by no 0110 but myself. , Four, or it may' ho fivo, months had gone by from the date of Mr, Muxloo's doath, when my uoaltji broke down— so much so, that I was ordofed away for a month. to my nativo air. Chango of air and rest, tho doctor said, would probably irinko a man of mo ugaiu. I had not given liiiu tho loast hint as to tho, real cause ot my illness : I was afraid I should only bp laughod at for my pains. Woll, I wont away down north, and tlioro I pickod up ap potito and strongth wonderfully. Mr. M. novor troubled mo onco; indeed, Iliad not expected that ho would do so, B88 boing far away from 1110\. So it foil out t)iat by tho oud of my holiday I had grown so strong and hoavty as almost to bo ablo to laugh at niysolf as a whimsical fool who had allowod hiinBoli to bo frightonod by a shadow. I fully mado up my mind that rather than lot myself got into such a low nervous way again, I would give up my situation as guard, and sot up in somo other lino of lifo, '.So tho ond of my holiday camo, and I started back homo ono cola frosty afternoon in oarly spriug-timo, looking for ward with plooauroto seeing myold woman .and! tho two lads again, and wondering how my mates, at tho station liftd boon gotting on wliilo I had been away. It was eight o'clock, ahd had lonj; boon dark, whon I roachod Carnhopo Junction— that is, the junction with our, own line, a place oighty miles from Park End.. Tho guard who had chargo of the train fronj Carnhopo was an old mato of mino. For tho brat twenty milos 1 travollod with him in his broak, and wo had a quiot smoko and a chat togotlior. Thou, fooling inolinod for a snooze, I lolt him nnd got into an empty second-class compartment. Horo I wrapped myself woll up, and was asloop in throo minutes. 1 must have slfipt for about an hour, whon 1 awolco with a start, and could not limko out for a minute or two whoro I was. I was still rubbing luy oyos, nnd looking round witli a gapo, whon 1 saw something that brought 1110 to my sonsos with a shock as if I lmd lioon suddenly thrust ovor-hond In ioo- oold wator— inaido tho door of tho carriage in whioh I wns sitting was markod ttu tho fntnl number 1188 I All tho foot ings and rears wliioh I had ilnttorod myaolf had vanished for ovor enrno baok in arnsh as I ropd 'ovm tho number to myself iu a frighteaod whisper. Tho thought that B 88 would form 1 iart of tho train in which 'rshourd 'travel back' - lomo aftor my holidays had never ontorod .into my calculations. I had novor thought to look at .the carriages boforo gotting into the train at Carnhopo Junction,' and, in consequence of this neglect, a strange fato baa led me into tho very plaoe of all othors whoro I would least havo wished to bo. B 88 Was * composite carriage— that is to say, tho middle' compartment was a first-class ono, , while , tho two ond compartments wore sooond-classi It was in ono of those latter compartmonts that I was now sitting. Tho middle first-class compavt mont was the ono haunted by tho ghost of Mr. Muxloo. I hardly know how to describo toyou tbo fooling that now took possession' of mo. It was noitbor more nor loss than an intense longing to loavo tho compartment in which I was sitting and mako my way, by.meanBof the footboard out aido the carriage, as far as tbe window of the next compartment, then poep in, and see whether the ghost wero already thoro waiting for, rao. , I tried to .fight against this insano desire— I did fight j against it with all my strongth, but in vain. There was somo power within ino, that I found it impossiblo to 'resist. I was liko a man walking in hiB sleep, whose actions aro beyond his' own control ; oxcopt that. I know qnito well what I was about, and, in all respects but ono wns, as oollooted, and as mnch in my proper senses! as ovor I had boon in nay life. Ioould not stop to: arguo with mysolf ; I could not stop to reflect. The impulse that was upon mo grow stronger with evory moment's delay. I had oponed the oarriage-door and was ont on the footboard, with the cold night-air blowing koenly around Ime, almost boforoil know that I had stirred from rov seat. Wo wore going along at a tidy para — about thirty miles an hour — but; I had no foara as to my safety— I had passed along tbo foot boards whon the trains were at full speed too often for that. Very few Btopa brought mo close to_ the window of tho middle compartment. The window was open, and I could soe everything in Bido as plainly as I can now see you who aro sit , ting beside me. Thoro was only ono paasongor in tho compartment — Mr. Muxloe. Yes ; thoro ho sat, with his dreadful eyes staring straight into mino— looking bluer, colder, moro ghost-like than ever. Then his long lean forefinger was slowly raised, beckoning mo to outer. All power , of resistance had boon taken from me. Slowly I: oponed tho door, ahd slowly I got insido— never . taking my eyes from off his for a momont — tlion I shut tho door bohind mo, and sat down oppo site to him. The night was a cold one, but I was strong and hearty, and had scarcely felt it ; but the moment I sat down opposite the ghost, I be came conscious of a coldness far excooding any that I had ever experienced boforo. I became -chilled to tho very marrow. Tho air of the com partment sosmed as though it had Bwepfc over a thousand icebergs. My hair seemed to lift, and my whiskora to, crisp and tangle, with tho intonso cold : and I foundaf torwards that mv wstoh hiwl stopped at tho very moment of my entering the , carriago. I sat down and waitod for what might ; happen next. My companion's hand had gone down on to hiskneo whon -I oponed tho carriago door. Ho now sat opposite to me, neither stir ring nor Bpeaking, doing' nothing, in fact, but 1 gaze with mournful intensity straight into my vary sonl. Tho coldgrow moro oxtrome, if svtch a thing were possible. A numbness that had be gun with ray feet was now oredping slowly up my body ; I could feel it creep and spread little by little, stealing gradually upward to my heart, and slowly freezing tho lifo out of mo. I had no power to move a muscle ; I sat like a man ' turned to stone. At length tho cold touched my heart, or scorned to do so. A! deathlike faiut nesa crept ovor me. Tho light in tho roof grew dimmor ; tho figure opposite mo lost its sharp ness of outline, oocommg faded and indistinct. But through everything I could fcol thoso piercing eyes fixed immovably on mine, till at length lifo itself soemod to bo rubbed slowly, and softly out, and I know nothing moro. I knew nothing moro — that is, till I came to my senses in a dream, and, strango to say, I know from tho first moment that my dream was nothing moro than a dream. I found myself in an old-fashionod, oak-panelled room, which, years gono by, had ovidontly been a state apartment in some aristocratic mansion. ; It woo now, however, furnished in a spare and meagre manner with a few articles of common place f nrniture. In the huge fireplace, tho sides of which wero inlaid with blue and white Dutch , tiles, , a few dying ciqd?rs had boon raked care- - ' fully togetherC ' Ttwais'night'j for tho wido; win-' Aow-place was ourtamed, and tho largo room was dimly lighted by a couplo of candles, each of thorn held by a griffin's claw in bronaa, that pro truded from tho wall, ono on each , side of tho chimnoy-pioce. But. all. these wore dotails that lBoemed to tool rather than to see. Aly atten tion was at oneo concentrated on tho occupants of tho room— two in number. Ono of them was a young man about five-and-twonty years old,, with sandy hair and beard, and a keen foxy-looking face— none other, in fact, than Mr. Muxloe him self as he must have appeared when a yonhg man.-' The other inmate of tho room was a man, both (younger and - handsomer than Mr. Muxloe, but be was at that momont lying dead _ across tho hearth, with ghastly face and wide-staring eyes, and with a ragged wound in his forehead. Closo by tho aead man lay a heavy riding-whip. Mr. Muxloo was down on one knee; with ono hand claspod tightly in tho other, gazing: with a sort of fronziod horror at tho tcrriblo piece of work boforo him. It was a look that has como baok to mo in my droamB many a timo since ? then. ' My friond— tho only friond I ovor had,' I hoard him muttor, ' and jot I, of all men, must bo hi3 murdoror !' Ho prossad hiB bands to his oyos, and great sobs shook him from hood to foot. Aftor a time bo grow oalmor, and than ho ipso sadly to bis ieot. ' Thoro is no liolp for it,' ho said ; ' I cannot faco tlio world— I dare not riBk tho gallows.' IIo wont ont, but returned presontly with a spado, a pickaxo, and ono or two other implements from tho garden. Then ho turned back tho faded carpet, and procoodod with workmanliko doxtority to bako up a portion of tho oakon flooring. In tho ground thus oxposod to view, ho dug a doop and narrow trench, throwing up tho earth on to tho boards as ho aid so. It was a work that took somo timo, and long boforo ho liod done it, groat boada of Bwont rollod down bis haggard face. But thoy foil unheeded, and ho novor ccasod digging till tlio I10I0 was to his mind. Tlion he got out of it, and rostcd for a littlo wbilo. But presently lio wns up nnd oxamining tho contents of a dusty old box that lav uoglootod in one cornor of tho room. From tnis box ho produced a shoot of parchment, and, going to a lablo on which stood pen and ink, ho proceeded slowly, and with muob deliberation, to write out a Btatoment, which, having finished, ha signod and dated. Next, from n cupboard ho brought a small tin oanistcr. As soon as tho writing was dry, ho foldod tho parch ment, and shut it up iu the canister. Next, from tho samo oupboard 110 brought a largo tr.ivolling oloak. which ho liroceoded to snroad out at tuo bottom of tho trench. Than, but not without somo inward shrinking, 113 I could soo, ho wesnt up to tho body and raisod it in his anus ; but, before plnoing it in the ho)o bo had dug, ho kissed it tonuoriy on tlio forehead twice. '0 Arthur 1 0 mv friond,' ho murmured, ' if by tho aaorifioo of my lifo I could bring hack a sniilo to those white lips, I swear to hoavoh that I would gladly die this minute. To think that I should uiako a murdoror of myself for any woman's sake— -least of *11, for her ! ' In three miuutos more tho body wns iu tbo rudo gravo tiiftt had hoea dug to rooolvo it, tho canister and tho riding-whip had boon laid' bosido it, somo 'folds* 'bfWC' travelling-'61ea'S''h'aid''' been thrown oveb tho wholo, and Air. .Muxloo, spado in hand, wad standing with anguished faco, gazing his lost on tho man whom his fiorce passions had blotted so' suddenly 6ht of oxisteneo. I saw no, fidoro. I think , it must havo been , tho loud whjstlinn of, the engino as we shot into1 Poll Side tunnol tnat awoko rqo so auddonly. Anyhow, at this point I did awako, and found mysolf still pitting in the middle oompartmont of B 88, but with no Mr. Muxloe opposite to mo— I was alono. My! limbs wore so nnmbod and stiff with cold, that for a few minntos I Boomed to have no uso in thom. Gradually somo warmth crept back into myycins, and aB soon as I folt. my strongth and nerve wore equal to tho task, 'I mado tho bosp of my , way back to my own oompartmont. -Wo. wore out fivo milos , from Park Bml by this tinie.' A few minutes Iaior I was on tho' platform 'with tho old woman an^ tho youngsters, all shaking mo by the hand at once.' '- It is almost worth one's wliilo to loavo homo for a timo, just to soe how pleased the mifjsis and tho bairns are to get one back again. I said nothing to anybody about what I had seen 'And gono' tiirougli in B 88. I kept ib shut up close in my own mind, but, I could not help thinking it all over at loast twenty times a day. That soene in the oak-panollod room was so dooply impressed on my memory, that, after all ithepo years, I can recall every foature of it as oledrly as if it had happened but yesterday. Had it been a-soono in real life, I should doubt less havo half forgotten it yean ago ; but the sur rounding circumstances were so strange, and ont of tlio common , way, that, if I should livo to bo a hundred, it would all bo as fresh in my. memory as it was tho, morning aftor it happoncd. A wook came and went without my seeing or- hearing anything moro of Mr. Muxloe. Ono evening as I was going off dnty I was met and stopped by a gentleman dressed all in black. ' Can you toll mo,' Baid ho, 'whether your Com pany has a guard of the name of Proston in its employ?'.. .'Mynamo is John Prestpn, at your service, sir,' answered I. ' Then you are pro bably tho man I want,' said ho. ' My name is Keppol, and I am a nophew of tho Mr. Muxloo who was so unfortunately killed at this station about six months ago. I was out of England at thei time, and was obliged to depend on a brief newspaper report for tbo dotails of the oc currenco. I am greatly desirous of having full particulars from somo ono who was on the spot at the time. If yon bo tho man I toko you for, it was yon who lifted up my undo from the spot where he fell, and it was in your arms that he died. ' ' I am tho man you mean, sir ; and to any information I can givo yon, you aro qnito welcome.' '? Thou here is my address ; and if you will como to my house for an hour this evening, you shall havo no cause to regret having obliged me.' I promised to be at his lioiiso by nine o'clock ; and with that wo parted. I was there to my timo. , Tho house was in the | outskirts of the town, and stood in its own ' grounds. It was too dark for mc to sea much of ! tho outside, but the moment I got indoors, I saw ' that tho wholo place was very old. I was - admitted by a servant, who, aftor telling me 1 thit'Mr. Keppol would bo down in two or three '? minutes, throw open a side-door, and ehowod mo 1 into a long, low, old-fashioned room — into no 1 other room,, in fact, than _tho oak-panelled room 1 of ray dream ! I knew it again m a moment, although it was how furnished very differently, and I sank into a chair all of a tremble. Yes, there was the very oak-panelling, with its quaint, zigzag, carved pattern; there the wide old fireplace, inlaid with blue and, white Butch ?tiles ; there the hugo window-place, in which I half-a-dozen people might have sat with comfort. 1 I recognised thom all. I eould not desaribo to yon tho. cold, sickening feeling that crept ovor me as I looked round. Had that grnosomo tragedy, as soon by me in my dream, over been really enacted' in that room ? Did tho murdered mans bonos still lio uncoffined under the' boards of that old floor ? I shuddered like a frightened obild as I put those questions to myself. Fortunately, I had timo to pull mysslf togethor a bit before Mr. Keppol came into tho room. He was very kind and affable, and had the dooanters and a cold fowl brought out before over he asked mo a question. Just then I oould not eat, bat a stiff tumbler of brandy and water helped me to get my nervo baek again. Aftor that, Air. Kop pel began to question me, and I gave him a full, ,true, and particular account of all thecircum 'stances, so far as I know thom, in oonneotion with his unole's death. He was greatly inter ested. But when I had got through everything that he wanted to know, . and hs had nothing further to ask nie, I plucked up heart of grace aud dotormined to tell him how Air. Muxloo had appearod to mo eovoral times since bis death, and oijmy strange dream in B 88. ? I never saw any ono more astonished than Mr. Keppol was by tho timo I had finished my story. For a little while he soemod almost too overcome to speak. At last he said: 'If what you say be true — and I have no reason to doubt your word — it apparently points to ono of those mysteries which eeom pur posoly sent now and then as if to bafflotho utmost exercise of human reason. ThiB house, .which now belongs ;to me, was certainly my nriclo's proporty for a groat number of years. Although he lived for tho most part in London, hci usod to come down hero- for ono or two days almost every month, ostensibly for the sake of. tho excellent fishing with whicn the 'neighborhood abounds. He would never lot tho house, although ho might have had tenants by the score. One old woman had the solo ohargo of it whon ho was away, awl waited upon him whon he was horo. Thoro is ono fact in commotion with my uncle's rcsidonco hero whioh soems in somo moasure to boar out tho most singular point of your narra tive : tbis very room in which we aro sitting— in which, according to your account, a dreadful tragody took placo mauy years ago— was never, so lohg'oilT can remember, mado uso of byiuj uuclo. It was always kept locked and shuttered : and ofton as l was hero during my uuolo'a life timo, I novor saw inside tlip door of this room till after his death. Enough, howovor.' for tho prosont. I m Use havo timo to think this strango story of yours, carefully ovor. Como and seo mo at. oight the oroniug after to-morrow, if you havo 110 hotter onaagomont.' Funotual to tho timo, I was thoro. 1 was shown into tho oak- panolled room. There I found Mr. Koppol, two gontlo mbn, and Donald tho giuxloucr. 'I have told those two goutlemon, wiio aro particular frioudB of mino,' said Air. Koppol, 'all that yon told me the othor evening. Wo have consulted to gotlior, and have decided, not without hesitation, to investigate tho matter, so far as it is in our power to do so aftor so great a lapse of timo. As a matter of course, our first stop is to ascertain whether any one has boon buriod in tho way described by you, under the flooring of this room. Donald horo, who is discretion itself, will procood to raako tho nocessary search. Bo good enough to point out tho ox act spot, as nearly as you oau rouiombor it, whoro you saw the body put away.' 1 hud no dillioulty iu doing this, oyorything was fixed too clearly in my memory Cor, that. _ So Donald sot to work under my directions. I took off my ooat, and g*vo him a helping hand, wliilo tho threo gen tlbniou looked quietly 011. I uood not troublo you -with details. It will lio sufficient to say that boforo long wo camo upon a skeleton, intermixed with Borne fragvuonts ot clothing and somo rusted jowollory. Near at lmnd wore tho remains of what had at ono timo bcou a riding-whip, loaded with lead, while no great distance away was the rustod tin canister which I folt certain, from the first that wo should not fail to find. Mr. Keppol opened the canister, and drew from it a I strip of parchment.''' Wo Mr Crowded rcmnd thef J table. After glancing through the paper himself, I ho proceeded to read aloud' what was there I written. This is what was written : ? J ' Pahjc Bho, November 9, 18— ; 11 r. «. ! | vl, John Muxloo, of tbo Inner Temple, barrister- j at-law, having this night done a deed which, if ] made public, would in all probability bring me | to the gallows, hereby solemnly depose to the I truth of tho undermentioned facta : I At nine o'clock this evening, boing at that | time bnsy over my law-books, I wae disturbed by I a knock at tho front-door. My servant having j left mo to attend the death-bed of her mother: I j was oonetrained to open tho door myself. The J porson.who knocked was my friend, Arthur I Clevedon, the doarest friend I had on earth. Ho 1 had bis riding boots on, and was splashed with | mad. . In one hand ho carried a -heavy whip. I Hoiwalkod past me without a word of greeting,! into the oak-panelled room, and I followed, i wondering what conld possibly bo the matter ~j with him. His first words to me were : ' John j Muxloe, yon aro an infernal villain I' I was thunderstruck. ' Those arc very hard words, Arthur,' I said. ' Yon most be either oraey or drunk. ' Neither one nor tho other.' he an swered. 'I repeat that yon are aa infernal vil lain, and I have come nere te horsewhip yon.' I laughed a little seornfully. ' It is possible for - two pctple to play at that gnme. amigo mio,' I said. He was poising his riding- whip in bin hand, and his oyes looked an if thmy would bum mo through. ' Arthur, my friend, I mid, aud donly softening, ' what is it I— what is the mean ing of these hard words I AS' true as' there -in' a heaven above us, I do not understand yon I' ' Liar and scoundrel, you understand me but too woll 1' ho answered. Then he gave vent to a wild torrent of words, in whioh he aeons od me of having surreptitionsly stolen away the affections of a certain lady, whose name need not be' men tioned hero, I being aware at the same time tbat her troth had' alroady been plighted in secret to him. Never was there a mora unfounded accusa tion ! It is true that the lady had promised to become mine, but — and I swear it hero most slemnly — I had not the remotest idea that 1 ixthur Olevedon had ever been anything more to I or than an ordinary friend. She had deceived inn and hoodwinked me, for what purpose was ;nowa to her own false heart alone. All this I ricd to tell Arthur, bat he would not hear me. | luce npin he called me a liar, and aa he did so j ie lashed mo across the face with his whip. Vith a cry of rage. I sprang at his throat. I mow scarcely anything of what followed till I aw him lying dead at my foet, with tho blood treaming from a great wound in his forehead. I tad smitten him down with his own heavy whip. All this happened but one short hanr ago, hut rhat an hour has that been to me 1 and what ithor terrible hoars has the fature in store for ne ! But 1 daie nob look forward. Another king I dare not do ; I dare not let the world mow the deed I havo this night done. My story vould never bo believed. They would say I ud murdered him ; they would hang me I Ho ; [ mast keep ray own counsel ; I must lock up ;be seeret for ever in my own breast. I havo dug iliole under tho flooring of this room in whioh to lisposo of the body. By its side I shall place this locument, so tbat, in casoi this night's dark deed should over be brought to light in time to eemo. ilidispute and inquiry may bo obviated. Should it ever bo brought to light during ray lifetime I Bhall have but ono resouroe. I should kill my self. 0 Arthur ! doaxeat friend that ever man had, how I ? But I can write no mora for tears. My eyes are blinded, my hoart weeps'tears of blood. In that world beyond the grave whoro ' all that is dark here is made clearer than day, we may porhaps meet again. Then will thy hand elasp nine in mendBhip as of old— only it will bo J a friendship that will last forever. Then wilt | thou know how innocent I was of wronging thee in j thought, word, or deed. Till that timo shall como I — Farewell J Jon* Morton. 1 The reading of this strange document filled eTery I onb prosont with horror and surprise. It was of j course considered a confirmation of the statement j I had made to Mr. Keppol. Nothing , mora was j done that night. Mr. Keppol said he must havo time to consider white stops it would be most advisable to take under such peculiar circum stances. The result may be stated in very few words. The bones were taken up, placed in a coffin, and interred with the customary solemni ties in consecrated ground. The world was never 1 told that it had been discovered whose bones they were, but I think it not anlikely. that Mr. Koppol made some private communication te tne: friends of Mr. Clevedon. But be that aa it may. the affair was quietly hushed up, and the real facts of the oase never spread beyond a very limited circle. I need scarcely add that Mr. Muxloo never troubled mo again ; but, en the other hand, Mr. Keppel did not lose sight of me. He has been a good friend to ma iu twenty dif ferent ways between then and new. And so ends this full, true, and particular account of the only ghost I ever saw, or wish to see, till the timo comes when I shall be a ghost myself. 