A SENSATION NOVEL CONDENSED. [BT BRBT HARTB.l The Lady Selina Sedilia sat gazing ;on the gilded mausoleum which contained,. the. remains of the Lady Felicie Sedilia, whose spirit haunted that portion of the manor of. Slopertpn Grange ; known, as 'Stiffuna Acre.' An' aristocratic young man falls oh his knees befor her, 'And, oh ! Edgardo, can you still lovo me ? Would you still marry me in spite of the dark nivsterv which surrounds me? In spite of thfe fatal history of my race? In. spite of the ominous prediction of my aged nurse;?' 'I 'would, Selina,' and tho young man passed hjs arm round her yielding waist. The two lovers gasied on each other with bliss unspeakable. Suddenly the Lady Selina started. 'Leavo me, leave me, Edgardo, leave me ! A 'mysterious something — a fatal misgiving — a dark ambiguity-'-an equivo cal mistrust oppresses me. I would be 'alone.' The young man arose, and cast a loving glance on the lady. '' Then we will be married on the sevon teenth.' ' The seventeenth.' repeated Selina, with a mysterious shuddbr. They embraped and parted. As the clatter of hoofs in the courtyard aied away the Lady Selina sank into the chair she had just quitted. . ? . ? s, ? 'Tho seventeenth,' she repeated slowly, with the same fatal shudder. 'Ah .'what if he should know that I have another huBband living '! Dare I-reveal to him that I have two legitimate and three natural children ' Dare I repeat to him the history of my youth? Dare I confess that at the age of seven I poisoned my sister, by putting verdigris in her cream-tarts— that I threw my couein from a swing' at the age of. twelve ? That the lady's-maid ' who incurred the displeasure of my girlhood now lies at tho bottom of the horsepond? No.l no! ho is too puro, too good, too innocent, to hear such improper conversation !' and, her whole- f body writhed as she rocked to and ffo'-ih,;a' paroxysm of grief. But ohe was soon calm. Rising ,to her feet, she opened a secret panel in the wall, and rovealed a slow-match ready for lighting. '/This match.' said the Lady Selina, 'is connected with a mine beneath the western tower;; 'where my three children are confined : another branch of it lies under the parish church, where the record of my first marriage is kept. I have only to' light this match and the- whole of my, past life is swept away I' She approached the match with a lighted candle. But a hand was laid upon her arm. She is threatened by the spectre of Sir Guy that if she murders her children they will haunt her. ' i' fear them not,!' said Selina, drawing her superb person to its full height. 'But what place aro they to haunt ? ' asks the; gbost plaintively. _ ' The ruin1 Is' sacred to your' uncle's spirit. Your aunt ?' monopolises the park, and y I must be allowed to state, 'not un frequently trespasses upon the grounds of others. The horsepond is frequented' by the spirit of your maid, and yeur murdered sister walks these corridors.. To be plain,, there is no room at Sloperton Grange for another ghost. I cannot have them in my room — for , you know I don't like children; Think of this,, rash, girl, and forbear ! Would you, Seliiia,' said the phantom .mournfully, ' would you force your greatgrand father's spirit to take lodgings elsewhere '{' Lady Solina's hand trembled ; the lighted candle fell frona her nerveless fingers. ' No,' she cried passionately, ' never ! ' and fell fainting to the floor. . . . Edgardo soliloquises and departs. 'If she knew all ; if she knew that I were a disgraced aod ruined man, a felon and an out cast ! If she knew that, at the age of fourteen, I murdered my Latin tutor, and forged my uncle's will— if sho knew that I had three wives already, and that the fourth victim of misplaced confidence and my unfortunate peculiarity is ex pected to be at Sloperton by to-night's train with' her baby. But no ! she must not know it' ... thereuponhe consults the murderous Burke the Slogger, who agrees to smash the expected express. The ruffian is, however, killed himself, and removes a load of care from Lady Selina's breast.. He was her first husband ! The bride froora then makes other arrangements for the eathof -his fourth wife.'J The happy ipair are about to bq united,, when Lady Selina's youngest girl, wandering in play, touches the fatal spring, and the whole dram. pers. are literally j' blown, up.' At exactly 2 o'clock on the 17thj Rupert1 Sedilia, who had just returned,. from India,, was' thoughtfully descending the bill towards Sloper ton Manor. ' If I can prove that my aunt Lady Selina was married, before my father died, I can establish my claim to' Sloperton Giange,' he uttered, half aloud. Ho paused, for a sudden trembling of the earth beneath his feet, and a terrific explosion, as of a park of artillery, arrested his progress. At the'*amb moment ho beheld a dense cloud of smoke envelope the church-yard of Sloperton, and the western tower of the Grange seemed to bo lifted bodily from its foundation. . The air- seemed filled with falling fragments, and two dark objects struck the earth close to his feet. Rupert picked them iip. Ono seemed to be a heavy velume bound in brass. A cry burst from his lips—' The Parish Records.' He opened the volume hastily. It contained the marriage of Lady Selina to ' Burke the Slogger.' , The second object proved to be a piece of parch ment. He tore it open with trembling fingers. It was the missing will of Sir. James Ssdilia. 