NEWS AND NOTES. The Californian mail steamer Nebraska reached Sydney yesterday afternoon. A telegraphic summary of the news which she brings will be found in another part of the paper. We learn by telegraph that Mr Orr’s Inglesides and Mr Brown’s Reindeer are the only two Ballarat horses entered for the Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechase. Good progress has been made with the new Savings Bank. The roof timbers are in position, and the parapet walls are nearly finished. The new bridge in "Durham “street, across the Cale- donian channel, has been erected, and a much better water-way is how provided for flood times. At a meeting of the committee of the Political Debating Society, held in the lecture-room of the Mechanics’ Institute, on Monday evening, it was resolved that the future place of meeting should be the Oddfellows’ Hall, Grenville street; and that the first public meeting be held on Friday, 29th Septem- ber. The subject for the opening debate will be “Is the principle of protection just, and will it conduce to the material prosperity of this colony.’’ The whole of the trout ova received by the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society are now hatched out, and the young fish are extremely healthy. Blackwood has followed the good example set by Ballarat in forming a society, for the introduction and preser vation of fish, and it is likely that some of the young trout now in Ballarat will be transferred to the Lerderderg river. It has been definitely resolved by the officers of volunteers that the military assembly hall shall be held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Wed nesday, the 27th instant. At a meeting of officers yesterday the general impression, appeared to be that no postponement ought to take, place, but it was found that the hall was not available for Friday night next, so that Wednesday, the 27th, was the day fixed. Colonel Anderson and the officers of the staff, and Captain Panter, Lieut. Turner, and some other naval officers have been invited. Altogether the assembly promises to be very successful. A local land board, consisting of Mr Gaunt, P.M., and Mr Henry Morres, district-surveyor, sat in the Mining Board- room on Monday. About one hundred applications under the 19th, 42nd, and 49th, clauses of the Land Act were dealt with. There were a number of applications for land on the Buninyong East Town ship Reserve, and they were all refused. At the re quest of the Buninyongshire Council, the board de cided to recommend the Government to put this land up for sale at an early date. Mr Bath writes to correct an error in his published paper on “Irrigation” and says the area of Lake Learmonth is about 1200 acres, not 12,000 as pub lished in Monday’s Star. At a special meeting of the Ballarat Woollen Com pany held at Mr C. Seal’s office yesterday forenoon, it was stated that Mr Hitchins, solicitor, had made all the necessary arrangements for getting the company registered, and that the official notice thereof would ap pear in next Friday’s Government Gazette. Mr J. B. Ross, who attended, stated that he was prepared to commence his canvass of the town that day, and to continue it regularly, and he also said that in order to facilitate operations he would not object to the com mittee allowing other canvassers to collect the names of shareholders. A considerable number of those who had promised to lake up.shares had already paid for them in accordance with the rules, but several obi jected to pay till the company was duly registered, and as that is fully expected to be done this week there should be no further objection to the rapid fill ing up of the share list. Our Learmonth correspondent writes: —“ The late warm rain and wind have been hailed by the farmers with great satisfaction, as such weather was much needed to bring forward the somewhat backward crops. The season altogether has been most favor able, especially for crops lying on low lands; some, however, on high ground having suffered irremediable injury from frost or some other cause. As a mark of the season the wool-drays are beginning to pass down, and will make sad havoc with our thinly-spread metalled main roads, the ‘ bullockys ’ seeming to prefer the centre of the road to the water-tables or bush tracks. The district at present is almost clear of working men, shearing having taken many away to the various up-country stations, nor is there any work offering in the locality, judging from pleas raised by impecunious defendants in the Learmonth Police-court. Taking, however, the admissions of two sued on Monday, it appeared that one had only been out of work for a week, and the other a fortnight, so they had not much to complain of." Our Staffordshire Reef correspondent writes:— “We now consider ourselves in a fair way towards getting something done to the execrable road between this place and Italian Gully. Councillors Laidlaw and Webb, in company with Mr Engineer Montgomery, paid a visit of inspection to the locality last week, and though chary of promises, assented freely to the. jus tice of our complaints. A convivial and highly festive reunion followed—without any previous arrangement —at the North Britain hotel; after which councillors, engineer, and ratepayers separated, highly delighted with each other and themselves generally. Sometime during Saturday night, or Sunday morn ing, the dwelling- house of Mr Gusthart, Bulldog, was entered by the removal of a staple from the door-post, to which an iron bolt was fastened inside. The pro perty, of the Japanese Troupe, to the value of £40, was stolen, consisting of drosses and a variety of valuable articles. The robbery was first discovered by Mr Gusthart at eight o’clock on Sunday morning. He found several small articles lying about, which the thieves in their hurry had dropped. It is thought by some that the robbery was committed, through the refusal of the troupe to play their instruments for dancing. The police, who have the matter in hand, have as yet not found any clue. We learn from a correspondent that some little commotion has been visible at Beaufort during the last week, on account of an investigation having at last been made by the Government into the circum stances connected with the alteration of the recognis ances in the cases of Tompkins v Johnstone, and same v Cathie, and which were appealed against. The evi dence, which was taken before Messrs Gaunt and Crespigny, P.M’s., goes to show that perjury must have been committed by someone. There were up wards of a dozen persons examined, and from the contradictory statements made it is hardly possible that a satisfactory solution of the mystery will be arrived at either by the commission or the Govern ment. The C.P.S. at Beaufort, who drew out the recognisances, states that no alteration had been made when he posted them to Mr Daly, the then P.M. at Ararat. The clerk of the peace at Ararat, who received them through the Chi- nese interpreter from Mr Daly, in his evidence shows that when the recognisances reached his hands the amount—twenty pounds sterling, for which thejrecog nisances had been originally drawn out, had been scratched over and ten pounds (2s in figures) written over it, but by whom done at present remains a mystery. Mr Daly's evidence on Saturday, the 16th instant, goes to show that he never saw the recognis ances until after the appeal had been heard and dis missed, on account of the alteration; but the most strange feature in his evidence is that certain colored squibs in connection with the late general election— when Tompkins was opposing Longmore—and which accompanied the recognisances, Mr Daly said that he hadnever seen until that day (the I6th instant). Lee Yung, the Chinese interpreter, who was at Mr Daly’s house on Sunday, the 9th April, states that he saw a “ stout letter " come there that day, and Mr Daly stated it was from Mr Poeppel, Clerk Petty Sessions, Beaufort, and asked Lee Yung to take it to Mr Keogh, Clerk Petty Sessions Ararat, to which he consented. He further stated that he saw certain colored papers along with the letter, one of which was colored pink. This was corroborated by the letters and papers sent to Mr Gaunt, after Lee Yung had given his evidence, one of the squibs was a pink color. A desire on the part of Mr Tompkins to impress the bench with the belief that it was possible the lock of the delivery-box was tampered with at Mr Gunn’s store, where it was said the letter was posted, was entirely disproved by the evidence of the postmaster and the additional evidence of the Chinese interpreter, which went clearly to show that the letter had been received by Mr Daly, Ararat, on Sunday, the 9th April, instead of remain ing in the box all Sunday and Monday as insinuated. Great satisfaction is expressed at the satisfactory manner in which Mr Gaunt, of Ballarat, has conducted this enquiry, and in a way to satisfy the most fastidi- ous, in not only cross-examining, -but taking the evidence down in such a short time. Mr Gaunt, at the request of Mr Gunn, read a portion of Detective Eason’s report, who had been previously sent up to enquire into the matter, and he concludes as follows: —“ He could not find out who had made the altera tion in the recognisances, but by whomsoever done it was for the benefit of Mr Tompkins, the respondent in this case.” We have been requested to direct the attention of the Local Volunteer Force and those friends of Capt. Johnstone who purpose attending the dinner to be given to that gentleman this evening, to an advertise ment in another column announcing that the place of meeting has unavoidably been changed from the Al fred Hall to Whitehouse’s British Queen hotel, Bridge street. The anniversary services in connection with the Doveton street Presbyterian Church were held at the Mechanics’ Institute on Sunday last, and for the cele bration they were supplemented by a tea-meeting on Monday evening at the church. This latter was at tended by a very large number of people both of that and other congregations in the city and borough, and the building was consequently well filled. Tea being over, the Rev. J. J. Halley, who was in the chair, de livered an address, and was followed by the Rev. J. Wilson, of Sebastopol, who proposed in his speech a scheme for the training of Sabbath-school teachers to fit them for the proper fulfilment of their duties on Sunday. This question formed the theme of a lengthy discussion, in which the burden of the de bating was carried on by Sunday-school teachers, some advocating a general class for the assistance by the teachers of one another, and some a separate class in each congregation. The meeting was brought to a close about a quarter to ten o’clock. In another column we give an outline of the Rev. C. T. Perks' lecture on "Prussia in 1700 and 1871.” '‘"Mr Bardwell has added to the prizes in his Art; Union a charming and richly mounted oleograph of “ The bid woman that lived in a shoe." It is now on view at the studio in Sturt street. The veritable Lal Lal ghost (remarks the Buninyong Telegraph) has turned up as an informer. After nearly frightening the lives out of people by acting the ghost, he got very thirsty and it is said obtained sixpenny worth of beer at Mr Capel’s, near the station at Lal Lal, and subsequently gave information, which led to Mr Capel being summoned to the court on Fri- day last. The ghost is about six and a half feet in height. The case was remanded for a fortnight, in order to procure the attendance of a second justice of the peace. The man Frith, whose accident was reported some days since by our Staffordshire Reef correspondent, is improving rapidly under the medical care of Dr Stew art, Scarsdale. It seems he declined entering the hos pital, choosing rather to remain with his family, and get nursed by them. Early on Saturday night the inhabitants of Staf fordshire Reef were startled by the report that one of Mr James Corne’s daughters—a child of ten years —was missing. She had been sent by her mother early in the day on an errand to a neighbor, but her non-return was not deemed remarkable, at it was con- sidered she must have remained to amuse herself where sent. It was only when night set in that enquiries began to be instituted. It was then elicited that the errand had been duly delivered, and that, after a short stay, the child had left to return home. Immediately all was excitement. Parties were orga nised and lights procured, as it was by this time eight o’clock, and a search commenced. Constable Barry, with his drag, set to work on the numerous water holes, while others probed them with poles. This went on for about an hour, when a messenger on horseback arrived from Scarsdale to say that the child was in safety at the house, of Mr John Johnston, Scarsdale, having followed his waggons from near the reef. How the little creature could have lost her way as she did it is impossible to say, as the distance between her own home and that of the neighbor to whom she was sent is only 300 yards, with a well defined road all the way. She must have gone flower picking, and, thus pre-occupied, wandered-astray, as she says she did not know where she was when the timber- waggons came in view, and so followed them. We have received from the publisher, Mr Peter C. Alcock, Swanston street, Melbourne, a copy of a skele ton map of telegraphic circuits in Victoria, reduced from the map recently issued by the Government. The map has been published by permission of the Postmaster-General, and specially revised for the pub lisher by the telegraph manager, MrT. R. James. The map has the additional advantage of being printed in six colors, which contributes considerably to its usefulness, as by this means the various circuits aud lines can be readily and distinctly traced throughout. The reduced size of the map, while in ho manner de tracting from its distinctness, renders it much more convenient for reference. The information conveyed by the map can only be appreciated by close inspec tion, and its utility, we should imagine, will demand for it a place in every, business office and public insti tution. A meeting of the Executive Council, was held yes terday, and we have reason for believing that the leave of absence originally, granted to his Honor the Chief Justice was extended to the commencement of the ensuing long vacation; and that Chewton was ordered to be proclaimed a district for the issue of £10 publicans’ licenses. We (Herald) are informed that the trip of the Nel son and Cerberus down the Bay has been postponed till Thursday week. It appears that the delegates could not remain till Tuesday fortnight; and the Government, therefore, considered the new arrange ment the most suitable under the circumstances. The ceremony of opening, blessing, and dedicating the Roman Catholic Church of St. Mary, at Dunolly, was performed, says the Advertiser, on Sunday, by the Right Rev. Dr Goold, Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by the Rev. R. Meade, Inglewood, and Rev. T. A. Moore, Daylesford, The church was blessed, and dedicated as St. Mary’s in honor of the Holy Mother of God. The building is of the gothic order of architecture, 50 feet x 25 feet, 20 feet walls, rubble stone, granite courses, and facings; and with its tower —some 60 feet high—stands out in bold relief, giving tone and importance to the south-east end of the town. It is capable of holding 450 persons. A meeting of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Saturday afternoon, at the office of the secretary, Mr James Campbell, Geelong. A paper on the produc tion of sugar from beet-root was read by Dr Carstairs. It was decided to summon a public meeting, to as semble at the Town-hall on Saturday next, to consider what steps should be taken towards, promoting the growth of the sugar-beet, and the establishment of a sugar manufactory. It was further determined to offer prizes of £10, £6, and £4 for the best ten acres of beet cultivated in the district west of the Wer ribee. Mr Cakebread, one of the members of the Geelong Hospital Committee, has been served with a writ at the instance of Dr D. B. Reid. The damages are laid at £250. The cause of action arises from some remarks made by the defendant at a meeting of the hospital committee. The trial will take place at the next sitting of the County Court at Geelong. The Geelong Advertiser says:—“ It will be learnt with regret that the crops in the Moorabool district and between Lethbridge and Bamgamie are falling off very,much. The ‘take-all,’ it is thought, has got among the oats, and crops that a month ago promised to yield abundantly are now not worth looking at. Mr Capron, in the Moorabool district, had a splendid crop on the top of the hill a month or so ago, but now, it is said, it will hardly be worth cutting. On the other hand the news received from the Barrabool and Bellarine districts continues to be cheerful." A trial of De Lacy’s patent blasting-powder took place on Saturday at the Brunswick quarries, in the presence of several gentlemen, amongst whom was Mr Ellery, government astronomer. Some of the trials severely tested the strength of the powder, as very large blocks of bluestone were operated on, some of them weighing from 9 to 24 tons, which were suc cessfully displaced. The safety of the powder was proved by placing some of it on a stone, and setting fire to it with a match, when it merely burnt away, or fizzed, without exploding. The fishermen of Queenscliff (says the Geelong Ad- vertiser) are pleased with the success of the application made to the hon. the Treasurer by Messrs Hopkins and Levien, M’s.L.A., to have Swan Bay thrown open to them. They estimate that £2000 worth of fish could be taken out every six months, and that the carriage by railway of the fish so caught would increase the revenue by £400. The crops around Deniliquin are drying up, and it is feared unless seasonable rains soon fall there, there will be little or no hay grown this season. From a correspondent residing on the Upper Darling, the Pastoral Times hears that at a meeting of the shareholders in the Cobar Copper Mine, held at Tat tersall’s hotel, it was resolved that the ore was to be carted into Bourke, and upwards of £400 was sub scribed for making a road. It is now upwards of twelve months since this mine was discovered, but the discoverers having no funds whereby to work it, nothing has been done yet; however, some of our in fluential men have purchased nearly the whole mine, and there is no doubt from the reports made on the samples forwarded to Sydney, Melbourne, and Ade laide, that in course of a short time they will reap a golden harvest. The telegraph line from Narrabri to Bourke is to be completed by February. Mr D. G. Jones left Deniliquin on Tuesday, 12th September, for Melbourne, as a delegate to bring be fore the Intercolonial Conference the subject of the bridge over the Murray. Amongst the various pastoral and agricultural so cieties of the colony (remarks the Argus) the Western District Society takes a very prominent position, not only because its operations embrace an area especially devoted to the pastoral and agricultural interests, but from the fact that its management has fallen into the hands of those willing and able to exert their efforts m a right direction. Hence it is that, amongst sheep farmers especially, the Skipton Annual Show is looked forward to with great interest. A considerable amount of the success of this society is attributable to the exertions of Mr Alexander Anderson, of Baan gal Station, who has acted as honorary treasurer for several years; and the members being desirous of showing their appreciation of that gentleman’s zeal have determined at the forthcoming show to present him with a suitable testimonal. Messrs Walsh Brothers, of Collins street Cast, Melbourne, have manu factured the articles selected for presentation to Mr Anderson, which consist of a very handsome epergne for the dinner-table, a tea and coffee service, a massive salver, and a claret jug. The whole are of solid silver, and display in the workmanship and design the best examples of the silversmith’s art. There appears to have been a nice mess at All Saints Church, Geelong, on, Sunday. The Advertiser says:—“ The new organ in All Saints Church was tried on Sunday, when the sacred edifice, although well filled, was certainly far from being crowded. This is to be attributed to the somewhat unfavorable weather, and to its having become known during the week that there.would be no choral service. Musically speaking, the opening service was not a success. Out of defe rence to the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the music was severely simple, and the capabilities of what is undoubtedly a very fine instrument were not fully displayed—it might as well have been a small harmonium. There was no ‘piano,’ no ‘forte;’ the most old-fashioned: and even tunes were played, and Mrs Farraday, the organist, did not seem to have practised on the instrument sufficiently often to know it well. There appeared to be a continued ‘tremolo,’ as if the stops" were disregarded, and on one or two occasions the choir began before the player was ready for them. It is a pity that the organ should have been opened before all had learnt their parts, even though those parts were simple.in the extreme.” The same journal says;—“The conduct of a number of young boys and girls in All Saints Church on Sunday was the reverse of decorous. Whether it was the fact that they anticipated some amusement from the new organ being opened, of whether they are in the habit of attending the church, is not known; but the rear pews were almost filled with them. The girls were every bit as bad as the boys, laughing, joking, and pinching went on without ceasing, and the unfortu nate verger was kept, running about, first from one pew and then to another, trying to keep order among the youngsters. Had it not been for him, it would have been difficult for those, sitting amongst or in vicinity, to the motley, throng to have heard a word that was said by either the dean or the incumbent of the church. One young damsel was particularly noticeable for her misbehavior. During the Litany she amused herself by reading what appeared very like a love-letter, and, by coughing, repeatedly at tracted the attention of some congenial spirits in adjoining pews, who readily joined her in a giggle.” The importance and growing character of the trade between Japan and San Francisco is shown by the subjoined extract from the Alta California, 17th July:—“ The P.M. steamship America brought from China and Japan the, enormous quantity of 24,000 chests of tea, a larger amount than ever transported by one vessel into the United States. She has also brought 1000 bales of raw silk, and her total cargo aggregated a value of 2,000.000 dol. The contribu tions to our next industrial fair alone amounted to 60 tons. So full was the vessel that the larger part of the Chinese.on board, numbering 370 souls, had to be accommodated on the main deck. The cabin passen gers’ list, was the largest yet brought from China or Japan to this port, numbering nearly 100.” The Northern Argus says that “cane crushing is now going on vigorously at Maryborough, and the yield of sugar is higher this year than any previous one.” Monday’s Age says:—“ The Australian shippers of butter for the English market will regret to know that Mr Searles, of Geelong, whose insolvency we chro nicle today, lost £458 11s 7d by one season’s ship ment of butter to London. This fact is attested in his sworn schedule of losses.” Signor Devoti, the Italian tenor, and Signor Donato, the one-legged dancer, will appear at the Mechanics’ Institute this evening, as also Miss Emanuel and other local musicians. The polytechnic exhibition is closed, but tickets for the concert will this week give chances in the grand distribution of gifts every evening. 