THE ANIMALS IN PAEIS DURING I 1 THE SIEGE. ' ' | iJY TEBOPPILE GrADTIER, A thoughtful man might ask himself this question—Have animals cognizance of events that take, place around them, and which however, seem outside of their instinctive sphere ? ' The partisans of Descartes would instantly reply in the negative, animals being considered by them as simple machines, a species of turnspit accomplishing in an un conscious manner any set task. Those who have lived much with animals, those bumble brothers of man, those inferior friends, who watch and study them attentively, will be of a different opinion. Democrates understood the language of birds, and Dupout de Ne mours piad-e^a. dictionary of it; but, without going so far^as that, it is not impossible for an observer of them to understand their feelings and reasonings. . It is doubtful,,however, that the dogs were ^ware of an investment by the Prussians. They, did .not know either King William or M. de Bismarck, or M. de Moltke, but they soon took in the normal condition of Paris. The unaccustomed movement of the popu lation, the almost universal change from civilian's dress to military; the exercises of tlie Mobiles and National'Guards on the squares, the sotmd of the trumpets, the beat ings of drums, disturbed, astonished, "and set them thinking. Some of them, refugees, with their masters, were plainly strangers in place; they hesitate in the choice of streets, uncertain of t ie way, and smelling it out and consulting at the street corners some confrie ajes of their quarters. These suburban dogs had not in the least the physiognomy of the city ones, and were easily discernible from their rustic and coun try air. So soon as a carriage was heard coming they ran far away from it with evident signs of fear, 'while the Parisians hardly deigned to move aside a little when the wheels were just going over them, after the manner of dogs to whom the right of way belongs. The others had all the embarrassment of pro vincials. Every morning a concilliabulus was formed before my door, presided over by a small cur ried terrier, his legs a little bowed, the under lip projecting, the upper one retrousse, "with tawny hair somewhat tinged with biown, and a bJack leather collar studded with brass knobs. The other dogs of obscure race who surrounded him seemed to show him much consideration, and to listen to him with ■deferences- .To listen to him for he certainly spoke, not after the manner of men with arti culated language—a fine Homeric expression to distinguish our species from the beasts— but with little barks, low growls, movements of the lips, tail, and expressive play of' fea tures. . This groop of four-footed talkers dis cussed, of course, the situation. From time to time a new comer seemed to bring some news. They commented upon it, and then the club broke up, and each one went off about his own affairs. This happened at the baginning of the siege. Bread was abundant, the stock of beef was still considerable, and the high price *»f forage rendered the sacrificed horsemeat plentiful, for the public only bit feebly at hippophagy. ■Animals did not suffer at first, and the contents of pates were the same as usual. But soon things changed ; the resistance was prolonged, and the rations of beasts as well as those of men were diminished. The poor creatures could not understand it, and looked with astonished eyes when their meagre pittance was placed before them. They seemed to ask. " Of what are we guilty ; why do you punish us for the fault we did not commit?" Many dogs were abandoned or purposely lost by their masters, who liad not the cour age to kill them, for " what is best about a man is his dog," as the trooper of Charlet isaid, and it must require a very stern neces sity to do away with this four footed friend. More than one poor devil shared bis last crust with his ; and in a certain club, when it was proposed mercilessly to sacrifice all these useless jaws," there was a general outcry from all people of feeling. Some good souls spoke even for the cats, who have their iudividual merits, notwith standing all the calumnies their ill-wishers circulate against them. In coming home at night I often met lost dogs wandering like ghosts along dark walls, with the uncertain steps that dogs use then | they are going nowhere. When I would pass under the vacillating light of a petro- | leum Santera, finding I looked kind-hearted enough, they would follow me at a respect- ' ful distance, sufficiently far off however, to escape a kick or a blow from a cane, should I drive too ferocious to approach, but dogs are rarely deceived, being by nature better, yhyei- | ognomista than Lavater. Nothing was more touching than to see one of these poor lost beasts, worn out with futile wanderings in the labyrinths of a strange city trying to.attach himself to a master and give himself a new owner. They would accom pany one through the longest walks, whining at one's side in a plaintive tone, look at you with tender, beseeching eyes, and sometimes trying to put their wet noses in your hand. It was a caressing, but not importunate obsequiousness, showing a faithfulness in following one, proving a good dog, separated from his master by a fatality, notwithstanding his devotion to him, and promising that if you would accept him he would serve you well. They would often come to my threshold with me, and it was, I confess, heartbreaking, to be obliged to shut the door in their faces and to disappoint their hopes. 1 thought of Crebillion, the tragic writer, who took lost dogs under his cloak to his home, fed them, and tried to teach them a trade, such as turn ing a spit, dancing, jumping for. the King and Q.ueen, giving their paws and other canine accomplishments, and tLe.a, if they proved incapable of learning, were rebellious or lazy he took them back with a sigh to the places where be had found them. But I already possessed my private menagerie, which was difficult enough to fee J. Some dogs discovered that men looked at them iu a strange manner, and that their hands, under pretext of caressing them, felt of them with butcherlike fingers to assure themselves of their fatness or the contrary. They had become game, a prey constantly pursued. The cats cleverer and more suspicious than 1 dogs, discovered it first, and used the greatest caution in their, relations to us. It was with the most trusty friends of the feline race alone, they would risk to. purr or take their habitual place on the lap ; but at the least excited gesture they would rush off to take refuge on the roofs or in the most inacces sible cellars. The pet daga«began at last to grow distrust ful of things, and ran away when they were called, like Jean Neville's dog, which however, did not prevent the iasso, bag, and -trao makiner manv victims. Butcher shops for dogs and cats, where rats were also sold, bung out their signs boldly, not endeavouring to deceive in the quality of their merchandise, and customers crowded before them. The little national reunion that took place before my door disniinished every day, and soon only the terrier was left on his master's threshold wondering over the mysterious dis appearance of his friends. He, too, kept himself on liis guard, scouting out danger from afar, and showing his teeth at the least suspicious approach. When he saw some vagrant with a distructful-looking face farry ing a bag, he fled, growling low, under his master's counter. At the commencement of the siege the posts on the ramparts had a numerous crowd of dogs who took up their abode in them, and saluted with tail-wagging the retired guard, and welcomed with friendly barks the one that came to relieve it. They shared the rations of the soldier " Moblot" or regular, but they only acceated meat, and refused bread with a disdainful nope. But hunger was not long in making them less fastidious; and in a little while from being guests they rose to the dignity of becoming articles of consumption. They lengthened out the rather short rations, or were sold to third class restaura teurs, the posts bereft little by little of their visitors. Oi>e dog alone remained faithful to a cer tain section. You could see him walk all along the ramparts, as though lie were mak ing ".the round," lean, dissected by hunger, the spinal column showing like a row of beads and the large hip hones prominent, the ribs in circles, and the "bait stiff and brown like burnt srass. He went thus^ more misanthro pical than Timon of. Athene, avoiding men, especially soldiers, with a,? much care as he had sought, them before, the poor quadruped of simple heart thought it indelicate towards his species, this conduct of the bimane, genus primate, whom he li«&d; esteemed too dearly and he hardened his heart towards liim. He looked like the ghost of adog two profiles joined together, a silhouette with no apparent thickness. The poor beast chose for his solitary promenades the place where the statues of the Renaissance, of Falquiere, and the colossal head of the Republic were moulded in the snow by M. Moulin. An artist who mounted many guards on this bastion remarked the sad animal, and interesting himself in him, tried to suftcn him by all sorts of advances. He would call him in a caressing voice and would sit down on a stone, so aa not to frighten him by an appearance of pursuit; he would show him from a distance an appetising morsel of bread. At last one day the poor beast, overcome by the bait, stopped but made no sign of advanc ing, though hunger was gnawing at his en trails. My friend placed the bread oti the grouud and discreetly went away ; the dog then clearing the space to it with a ,prodigious bound, snapped up the morsel and flew off to & great distance, with the speed of a grey hound, so as to enjoy his prey in some place of safety. After the dogs' and cats' turn came the birds. Paris is not rich ornitholo«ica]ly. You can see sparrows in abundance and a few blackbirds and nightingales in the old gar dens of the quiet quarters. The sparrows, '• pierrats," as they are vulgarly nicknamed —true winged ^ gamins," real Gauroches of the gutters—are much beloved by the Pari sians, and enjoy immunities from the city similar to tho pigeons of San Marco, and though they have not seed distributed to them at certain hours, as the birds of Yenice, and do not possess incomes as tliey do, they are allowed to Deck everywhere, and flip " charmers " throw them crumbs of bread in the garden of the Tuileries. They come and go, sweeping round and twittering, and only fly away as one is about to step on them. Their babble puts a sort of gaiety in the air, and their innocent life till now was respected by everybody. They have not eye.n much flesh under their wings, these reckless little Bohemians so full of ardour and fun ; but hunger made them as accept able as larks and ortolans. They began to, hunt them, and for some time, being accustomed to the noise of the cannons, they refused to believe the niusket/y was directed against then), not imagining themselves worth the waste of powder. They fired at them with shooting tubs, and spread out snares and bird-glue for them, so that finally they were obliged to recognize these evidences, and understood that the ancient pact of friendship was broken, and that they ("pierrots) had passed into the nature of game in Paris. To their perfect trust succeeded great dis trust ; an animal once deceived bears malice a long time, and the pierrots, once so tame, become savage and fierce. Every man, even, the most inoffensive, seemed to them a huntsman, and the little crowd that used to come iu the snow to pick some little crumbs from my small allowance, from off my window-sill, appeared no more ; and yet I have a Brahmin's respect for the life of animals and birds. Hunted, shot, and decimated, the entire tribe decided on emigrat ing ; and though it was sad to leave the old walls tapestried with ivy, where they made their nests in springtime, the cornice of the palace where they cleaued their feathers in the sunshine, the attic window that framed in the young needlewoman bent over her work, they went away to seek security afar. To-day not a single sparrow is to be seen in Paris ! Ail have not been killed, let us hope, for in a few strokes of their wings they mount above the reach of firearms. Birds do not suffer from the fatality of weight, and can always fly away from this earth to heaven. Happy privilege!— -Australasia. 