REVIEW. "TALES OF; OLD JAPAN." i Of this most curious and interesting book it may be said that no work has yet been published in any European language revealing so much of the inner life of Japan. Mr. Mrs. ford, who is himself a Japanese scholar, has, instead of giving us a record of his own impressions of the " Land of Sunrise," preferred to let the Japanese tell their own story through their national legends and histories These legends, many of which are of great i antiquity, are translated with great spirit and fidelity, and illustrated here and there Irish notes and initial chapters, necessary to be full understanding of the text by the Western reader. It was a happy idea, and it has been carried out with much good taste and judgment. Of the stories here selected to give us a notion of the manners and Customs of old Japan manners and customs now fast beginning to disappear before the march of Western civilisation there is none which is not only intrinsically interesting but which does not throw light upon that mysterious hidden life which is only now yielding its secrets to the world. There is something very striking indeed in the utter j dissimilarity of the life here exhibited to anything of which we have experience. We are I transported to a new sphere of thought and ] of morals. We are brought face to face with a people really as great strangers to us as though they had been inhabitants of another planet. Their virtues, their vices, their motives of action and duty, are as distinct from ours almost as though they I were Houynhyms or Laputans. There is no more remarkable instance of the variability of human standards of right and wrong of beauty and of ugliness than is afforded by these Japanese models, the product of j centuries of isolated and selfish cultivation. It is true that these stories affords numerous instances of high and rare civilisation. They abound in lessons of heroism, of purity, and of selflessness. They exhibit at the root the same human nature as ours. The man love, and the women suffer lovers are constant, and win renown for their constancy- wives are false, and are punished for their falsehood, just as in Western legends. On the whole, the good are prosperous, and the had come to grief, pretty ' much as in our nursery fables. But the good people and the heroes of Japan are strangely unlike our own models of goodness, and the villains have a curiously unearthly, or rather j other earthly, air. The chief thing to be remarked about these very striking, but somewhat ghastly legends, is the facility with which the various personages are accustomed to hew and slash at each other, They have a way of using their swords, not only on other persons, but on their own, which is, to say the least of it, unpleasant to our Europe fancies. Airers Very story runs to blood and murder. Even when the point of the legend is the triumph of goodness, the hero does not live happy over after, but ends in a perfect death by disembowelling. The glory of the Western hero is that he kills his end mines and secures his own life-the glory and the great merit of the Japanese hero is that, having cut down and hacked a great many enemies, he calmly cuts his own throat, or in- serting a sword into his chest, works it about until he dies. This almost invariable conclusion to a legend of Old Japan gives a gloomy and weird character to Mr. Mitford's collections. The story of the Forty-seven Romans, for instance, though it is intended to illustrate a deed of high devotion and self-denial, is painfully bloody. These 47 devoted men, being re- trainers of a certain daimio, or feudal lord, who had been murdered by another, made a vow that they would revenge the murder, and ! did so after many trials. They find their j way into the castle of their enemy, and discovering the object of their search, behave with a refined courtesy which proves them the best of the cut- throats." Their leader | goes down on his knees, and thus respectfully addresses the man to be killed : "My lord, we are the retainers of Asano Takumi no Kami. Last year your lordship and our master quarrelled in the palace, and our master was sentenced to kara Uri, and his family was mined. We have come to-night to avenge him, as is the duty of faithful and loyal men. I pray your lordship to acknowledge the justice of our purpose. And now, my lord, we beseech you to perform hara-kiri, I myself shall have the honour to act as your second, and whom, with all humility, I shall have received your lordship's head, it is my intention to lay it as an offering upon the grave of Asano Takuma no Kami." Nothing could be fairer than this but the old man, deaf to all the dictates of true Japanese politeness, persists in declining to cut open his bowels. There is nothing for it but that the rains should cut off his head, which being placed in a bucket is carried away. " As they were on their way to Taku. na wa, the suburb in which the temple called Sengokuji stands, the day broke and the people flocked out to see the forty-seven men, who, with their clothes and arms all blood- stained, presented a terrible appearance, and every one praised them, wondering at their valour and faithfulness." They come past the palace of a great prince, who, in token of his admiration for their devotion, and considering that they must be tired and hungry after their night's work, invites them to step in and have "gruel and wife." After this, the forty-seven ironing proceed on their journey to the temple, where, having deposited the head of their enemy on the tomb of their late lord and burnt incense, and performed all due religious rites, they await calmly the orders of the Government as to their own disembowelling They, are condemned at last by the Supreme Court of Yedo to perform hara-kiri, which they do quite comfortably, in batches of four before the sheriffs. And their fame lives in Japanese story to this day-the tombs of the forty-seven I mains being shown with great ceremony among the chief shrines of the country; and many Itara kinds have taken place on the sacred spot. Such a picture of heroism, so fierce and per- verse, and yet with a certain dignity and even pathos, surpasses in its way all the exemplars of virtue and valour which any nation, barbarian or civilised, has ever set before it is it barbarism, or is it civilisation of which we have this curious glimpse The remarkable feature of this and other similar stories in Mr. Mitford's book is, that the heroes never seem to desire to avoid the deaths which they so freely inflict upon their enemies. Having had their revenge, and destroyed the object of their hatred, they are indifferent as to whether they survive themselves. Indeed, it is apparently con sidered to be a point of good manners, not only not to evade the executioner, but to offer oneself to capital punishment. Nothing can illustrate more strongly than in fluency of habit and custom through long ages over the minds of men than the public opinion as to suicide in Japan. It does not appear that the Japanese have Iobs delight in living, or that they are of a coarser animal organisation than ourselves. The whole tenor of these legends collected by Mr. Mit- ford goes to show that a very considerable degree of civilisation has been attained by this people. They must have arrived at a certain preeminence in the arts of life at a date long anterior to our Western nations. That they have much intelligence and refine ment of mind is shown by the perfection which they have reached in the fine arts. Nor can we suppose that it is Buddhism, alone, with its doctrine of Nirvana, which places the number bonus in self annihilation which is responsible for the remarkable ideas about death that are so characteristic of the Japanese. There are other and stricter a TBlrtf Of Old Japan. By A. B. Mitford, Second Secretary to the British Legation in Japan- will travel by Japanese artists. 2 vols. London ; Mao [ millan end Go. 1871. Buddhists than the Japanese, who have not these ideas, nor is Buddhism by any means universal in Japan. Ghastly and blood-stained as are all these stories, they will be found very interesting, with. an interest quite novel to the English. ' reader. If it is only for the light which they throw on this curious Japanese world, so unlike our own, they are very valuable. But some of the legends have a real tragic and pathetic power, which will preserve them independently of their archaic value. The "Ghost of Sakura," showing how a crucified peasant and his wife haunted nightly a wicked daimio, their murderer, is a true melodrama. "The Eta Maiden and the Hatamoto" is a charming love story, full of local colour, and yet of universal interest. Mr. Mitford has given us also some specimens of Japanese fairy tales, which are mostly curiously dis- similar from ours, although one or two such as "Little Peaching," might almost pass for a Western legend, As it is not very long, we will quote it entire for the benefit of our younger readers : Many hundred years ago the olive an honest old woodcutter and his wife. One fine morning the old man went off to the hills with his bill-hook to gather a faggot of sticks, while his wife went down to the river to wash the dirty clothes. When she came to the river she saw a peach floating down the stream ; so she picked it up, and carried it home with her, thinking to give it to her husband to eat when he should come in. The old man soon came down from the hills, and the good wife set the peach before him, when, just as she was inviting him to eat it, the fruit split in two, and a little paling baby was born into the world. So the old couple took the babe, and brought it up as their own and because it had been born in a peach they called it Monetary, or Little Peachling. " By degrees Little Peachling grew up to be strong and brave, and at last one day he said to his old foster-parents " I am going to the ogres' island to carry off the riches that they have stored there. Pray, then, make me some millet dumplings for my journey.' " So the old folks ground the millet, and made the dumplings for him and Little Peachling, after taking an affectionate fare- well of them, cheerfully set out on his travels. t "As he was journeying on, he fell in with an ape, who gibbered at him, and said Kim I kia ! kia ! where are you off to Little Peach- ling?' " "I'm going to the ogres' island, to carry off their treasures,' answered Little Peach- ling. ' ' ' What are you carrying at your girdle 29 "'I'm carrying the best mületdumplings in all Japan.' " ' If you'll give me one, I will go with you, said the ano. "So Little Peachling gave one of his dumplings to the ape, who received it and followed him. When he had gone a little further, he heard a pheasant calling " ' Keu ken ! ken I where are you off to Master Peaching?' " Little Peachlme answers' . . A \- as before and no pheasant, having begged and obtained a millet dumpling, entered his service, and followed him. A little while after this they met a dog, who cried " 'Bow! Wow I wow ! whither away, Master Peachling ?' " ' I'm going to the ogres' island, to carry off their treasure.' " If you will give me one of those nice millet dumplings of yours, I will go with you, said the dog. " ' With all my heart, said Little Peachling. So he went on his way, with the ape, the pheasant, and the dog following after him. " When they got to the ogres' island, the pheasant flow over the castle gate, and the ape clambered over the castle wall, while Little Peachling, loading the dog, forced in the gate, and got into the castle. Then they did battle with the ogres, and put them to flight, and took their king prisoner. So all the ogres did homage to Little Peachling, and brought out the treasures which they had laid up. There were caps and coats that made their wearers invisible : jewels which governed the ebb and flow of the tide ; coral, musk, emeralds, amber, and tortoiseshell, besides gold and silver. All these were laid before Little Peachling by the conquered ogres. " So Little Peaching wont homemade with riches, and maintained his foster- parents in peace and plenty for the remainder of their lives." Not the least interesting portion of Mr. Mit- ford work is the chapter devoted tospacimons of "Japanese Sermons." Those discourses which are after the manner of Mr. Spurgeon, and much more familiar than the conventional models of Western pulpit eloquence, are very instructive as to the ways of Japanese life. Liston to the parable of the wise man who went to lodge with a rich family of the lower class, where there was a daughter 15 years of age of charming manners, who could arrange bouquets of flowers, and make tea, and play upon the harp, and sing songs, and paint a little." To the parents, who boasted of this young lady's accomplishments, as it might be some couple at Clapham or at Tooting, said the wise man sarcastically "Of course, she knows how to rub the shoulders and loins, and has learnt the art of shampooing " (which, we may presume, are necessary and common arts in Japan) ? Upon the father " bristling up and answering that his daughter has not fallen so low as to learn shampooing," the preacher retorts in a reproof which may do good to other than Japanese fathers to hear :- "No matter whether her family be rich or poor, when a woman is performing her duties in her husband's house, she mr at look upon her husband's parents as her own. If her honoured father in-law or mother-in-law fall ill, her being able to plant flowers, and paint pictures, and make tea, will be of no use in the sick room. To shampoo her parents-in-law, and nurse them affectionately, without employing either shampooed or servant maid, is the right path of a daughter-in-law." Although our Western young ladies are not expected to shampoo their mothers-in-law, still the moral of the Japanese preacher is of universal application, and one may applaud him when he proceeds to observe that "people whether near haunts of pleasure become at last so fond of pleasure that they teach their daughters nothing but how to play on the harp and guitar, and train them up in the manners and ways of singing-girls.but teach them next to nothing of their duties as daughters and then very often they escape from their parents' watchfulness, and elope." Further, thus says the preacher -"If people know beforehand all the misery that it brings, there would be less going out with young ladies to look at the flowers at night." After all, human nature is the same in Japan as elsewhere, The chapter devoted to a description of the great Japanese rite of hara-kiri is translated from an ancient manuscript of high authority. It contains the minutest instructions as to the due performance of the ceremony, both by the principal and all the seconds and accessories. No person with any pretensions to the rank of a gentleman can neglect the rules here laid down for his guidance when either engaged in killing himself or killing his friend. The one great race for which a Japanese of good family holds himself always prepared is the hara-kiri, and not to know how to do is the most disgraceful reproach to a well-regulated Japanese. It is impossible for any duty to be more precisely defined or more solemnly prescribed than is this of the hard kinds this most singular document which Mr. Mitford has translated. Not the minutest detail of the behaviour of the man who is to kill himself, or of the men who are to assist at the killing, is omitted. Not only should " every samurai (gentleman) be able to cut off a man's head, but every samurai should be able to insert a dirk into his stomach, and work it in a proper manner. A brief account of how the hara-kiri came to be adopted may serve as an introduction to the details of the ceremony : "According to one authority, capital punishment may be divided into two kinds beheading and strangulation. The ceremony of hara-kiri was added afterwards in the case of persons belonging to the military caste being condemned to death." This was first instituted in the days of, the Ashikaga , (14th century) dynasty. At that time the country was in a state of utter confusion and there were men who, although fighting, were neither guilty of high treason nor of infidelity to their feudal lords, but who by the chances of war, were taken prisoners. To drag out such men as "these, bound as criminals, and cut their heads off, was intolerably cruel ; accordingly, men hit upon a ceremonious mode of suicide by disembowelling, in order to comfort the departed spirit." This is a law for which, it is added, " in all truth, men should be grateful." In the case of a person of high rank the Hara kiri consists innis stabbing himself in the left side with a dagger about 18in. long, which he then should draw from left to right, finishing with a cut upwards. Immediately after this he stretches put his neck, and the executioner takes off his head with a sword. In the case of inferior persons, the first part of the ceremony is omitted, or is gone through in dumb show, the executioner cutting off the head at once. "However, to quote from the proper authorities : " When the principal has taken his" place, the second strips his right shoulder of the dress of ceremony, which he allows to fall behind his sleeve, and, drawing his sword, lays down the scabbard, taking care that his weapon is not seen by the principal ; then he takes his place on the left of the principal, and close behind him. The principal should sit facing the west, and the second facing the, north, and in that position should he strikes the blow. When Co second perceives the 1 assistant-second bring out the tray on which island the dark, he must brace up his nerves and settle his heart beneath his navel. When the tray is laid down, he must put himself in position to strike the blow. He should atop out first with the left foot, and then change, so as to bring his right foot forward. This is the position he should?? assume to strike he may, however, reverse the position of his feet. When the principal removes his upper garments, the second must poise his sword. When the principal reaches out his hand to draw the tray towards him, as he leans his head forward a little is the exact moment to strike. , . . There are three rules for the time of cutting off the head ; the first is when the dark is laid on the tray, the second is when the principal looks at the left side of his belly before inserting the dark ; the third is when he inserts the dark. If these three moments are allowed to pass, it becomes a difficult matter to cut off the head, Mr. Mitford gives us an account of a real case of hara-kiri of which he was a witness' where the principal was a man of the noble caste, who had organised a scheme for the massacre of all the Europeans at Yeddo This was conducted with all proper ceremonies, the principal going through his part of the performance, not only with perfect sang froid, but with a calm solemnity which proved that he considered himself rather as a here than as a criminal on the occasion. Finally, we have to state that when, in the year 1869, a motion was brought forward in the Japanese Parliament by one One Seignorage doubt a Radical of advanced opinions for the abolition of hara-kiri, it was opposed by 200 members out of 209. The proposer himself was shortly after murdered under mysterious circumstances. As a peep into the interior of that extraordinary country, which is now for the first time being displayed to the view of the world, Mr, Mitford's work is of greater value and interest than all other books on Japan up to the present time, by travellers and savants. 