CONGREGATIONAL UNION. ANNUAL MEETING, MAY 2. The annual meeting of the Ministers and Delegates was held in the Hindmarsh- square Congregational Church on Tuesday, May 2. There was a large attendance. The Rev. John Price was present as a deputation from the Baptist Association. The Rev. J. Gordon was also in attendance. The devotional meeting was presided over by the Rev. F. W. Cox, and prayers were offered by the Revs. J. Howie, W. Wilson, W. Williams, and Messrs. W. Bruce and W. Lewis. At 11 o'clock the business meeting commenced. The Rev. J. JEFFERIS, Chairman of the Union for 1870, briefly returned thanks for the courtesy which had been extended to him, and the attention which had been paid to his addresses on the subject of education. He then vacated the chair, and it was taken by the Rev. C. Manthorpe, Chairman for the current year. Mr. A. HAY, M.P., moved, and the Rev. J. HOWIE seconded, a cordial vote of thanks to the Rev. J. Jefferis for his services as Chairman during the past year. Mr. JEFFERIS briefly acknowledged the vote. The Rev. J. G. McMichael was admitted as a personal member of the Union. After some further preliminary business, The CHAIRMAN for the year delivered the following address:— OUR TIMES AND OUR DUTY. " My dear. Brethren—Assembled this morning as 'ministers and members of the Church of Christ, our predominant feeling should be that of devout gratitude to the bountiful Giver of all good. We meet in a time of peace. The late terrible war in Europe, prosecuted to such a bitter end, has at length terminated. As men, and as Christians, we must greatly rejoice on this account; and though we mourn the loss of so much valuable life, and the destruction of so much national property, we gratefully acknowledge that He who makes the wrath of man to praise Him has caused these untoward events to fall out to the furtherance of the Gospel. France has had to withdraw her troops from Rome, and the Papal city is open, as it has not been for centuries, to the messengers of Christ, and the proclamation of a free full salvation through Him alone. Germany, we are informed, is aroused by a spirit of religious activity and enquiry, and men everywhere are ready to hear about the Christ. Underneath all the natural elation which is manifested because of such unparalleled successes in war, we earnestly hope and pray that that great country may retain a conscious sense of dependence upon God; may learn vof Him to deal tenderly and mercifully towards a fallen foe; and may never forget that it is righteousness which exalteth a nation rather than the dear-bought victories of a battle-field. We may thank God, too, as we think of England still graciously preserved from war, of Spain delivered from Papal bondage, and the Bible freely circulated among her people. Who has not rejoiced at the triumphs of the Gospel in Madagascar, recalling as they do the successes of Apostolic times? Spite of many and serious drawbacks, the prospects of Christianity were never fairer and brighter than at the present moment, so that, reviewing the past and anticipating the future, we do well to thank God, and take courage. Coming nearer home, we have reason gratefully to exclaim concerning this the place of our adoption,' Lord, Thou hast been favourable unto our land.' We have been permitted once more to reap an abundant harvest. Some of our brethren may have to speak of the utter dis- appointment of their hopes, and of consequent privation and poverty; but, as a whole, the people have reason to joy before God, 'according to the joy in harvest.' We have passed through a time of trial, but the dawn of better days is at hand, and we would sincerely desire that the lessons learned in adversity may be remembered in more prosperous times, that so a healthier state of things in the political and commercial, the social and religious world, may speedily obain among us. No emotion, however, can in this world be perfect and unmixed. How often have we to rejoice with trembling. How many times, while thankful that things are no worse, have we occasion earnestly to wish that they were better. In such case are we to-day. As a portion of the Lord's great sacramental host, we exult in the triumphs of the Gospel; but when we think of the ignorance and indifference, the scepticism and immorality that still so largely prevail, we are sensible. that there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed before the world is won for Christ; and—sad thought— some of that land might have been already reclaimed had we only been more zealous soldiers of the Cross. As Congregationalists we have much of which to praise God, and over which we may justifiably rejoice. We have not contended for truth and freedem in vain. Still we are not without cause for humiliation and solicitude. To confine our attention to what concerns ourselves, in proof and illustration of this 1 would remind you of the changes which have occurred in our ministerial ranks during the past year. One has died in a good old age, and gone to his grave as a shock of corn fully ripe; another has returned to the old country, after a few years of service among us; while three have retired from the work of the ministry, I am sure that it is scarcely necessary for me to remark that our prayers and best wishes will follow our brethren who through age or sickness are compelled to rest from their labours. We glorify God on their behalf for the consistency of their lives and the faithfulness of their ministrations; we are thankful that in two instances their lack of service has been so soon and so efficiently supplied; still we cannot but feel a measure of concern as to the future. How are our .pulpits to be filled, as one by one our ministers are taken from their work? How are we to enter in and occupy spheres of usefulness as they open up to us? Some may calmly advise us to leave all to the Lord of the harvest. Certainly our chief dependence must be upon Him, and woe be to that Church which does not ask Him to send them a pastor after His own heart. And yet it is our duty to use the means, and fervently pray God that He would send forth more labourers into His harvest. God does not work miracles to spare the energies of the indolent and save the pockets of tiie niggardly. What are the best means to use is a question that demands our most serious consideration. Are we always to depend upon securing from abroad able ministers of the New Testament, or shall we do anything in the way of endeavour to find among ourselves those who, duly trained, would be able usefully to serve the Churches? The sooner we fairly, fully, and devoutly consider these and other questions concerning our ministry, the better. I must not, however, linger on this point, but, before passing on, I feel persuaded I may undertake to siay for yon. as well as for myself, how unfeignedly we rejoice that our brother, the pastor of this Church, after perils by sea, and perils by land, is once more with us. May abundance of blessing be vouchsafed to him and to his people. There is no lack of subjects that might very profitably engage our attention, and I have felt at a loss which to select as the most suitable—suitable I mean by being sufficiently general to be catholic, and yet sufficiently special to be appropriate. Unquestionably we live in exciting and eventful times. Every year as it revolves seems to become more and more important, and it behoves us who are put in trust with the Gospel to seek clearly to discern the signs of the times, to Btudy the evershifting phases and developments of current thought, and to bring ourselves face to face with the mental ard moral specialities of our generation. Evidently if we would rightly serve and influence the present age we must understand it—in measure must make our agencies fit in with the course which we see it takes, thus considering what may be best for the present necessity. It was no mean accomplishment which the sacred historian attributes to the children of Issachar. They ' were men that had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do,' and the consequence was that'all their brethren were at their commandment.' Presuming, for brevity's sake, that we have some understanding of the times, I venture to detain you for a few moments that we nay consider what we and all the Israel of God ought to do. For one thing, it is manifestly our duty to be well grounded in the doctrines of our holy religion. I am aware that in insisting upon this I may be charged with echoing the sentiments of others; but as I never professed to be either a profound or original thinker, I do not stay to deny the charge. Only let me be understood. If any imagine that I am taking up and repeating the cry of heresy which has been raised in certain quarters, I should most indignantly resent such an impuation. Without subscription to creeds and confessions of faith, I am bold to affirm that, with some variations of thought and feeling (no one being bound to express himself in the same language), the great truths of the Protestant Reformation—that is, the great truths of the Bible itself—have been seldom held more deliberately than by the|Congregationalists of the present day. Yet • one cannot but regard with concern the fact that the opinion is becoming common that doctrines are of no great importance. How frequently we are informed that Christianity is not a creed, but a life-, that the grand thing is to manifest a Christian spirit and to live a Christian life. This is one of those one-sided statements which are often very dangerous in their tendency. It is more correct to say that religion is not merely a truth to be received, it is also a life, and that the mind and heart should be stored with those divine truths which are designed to be the pabulum of a growing life, and the stimulus to its future progress. The Christ-like life cannot be attained unless we have been taught by Him as the truth is in Jesus. Then it is that we ' put off the old man with all his deeds, and put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.' A religion without doctrine is like the pre-Adaimite earth when it was 'without form and void, and darkness covered the face of the deep,' 1 or it is like a body without bones. You may have what looks like a beautiful form, a body fair to behold and with promise of use, but, having no solid framework, at the first great wound or strain all its promise will drain swiftly away. We readily admit that no man, or any body of men, can. cut out a round system of 'belief which shall enclose all revealed truth; we agree with, good old Robinson, that the Lord has more truth yet to break forth out of His Holy Word. But surely the Bible is not such an enigma that we have yet to discover those fundamental doctrines which form the basis o£ * the Christian religion. These let us seek more fully to understand, and more fimly to hold fast. How otherwise shall we be able to resist the attacks of scepticism, and stand firm amid confusion and error? Unless we have an intelligent; settled faith in God as the moral Governor of the universe, and as the hearer and answerer o£ prayer, are we not in danger of being led astray by modern scientific theories about fixed and immutable laws, law in creation, and law in history ? I can do no more on the present occasion than briefly allude to this greatsubject. The exponents of these theories attempt to separate the Deity from His works—to reduce the world to a piece of mechanism, and Providence to a succession of iron-bound necessities.. According to their view, it is useless to pray in any season o£ calamity or sorrow, because the idea of special and supernatural influence in relation either tomatter or mind is a complete fallacy. We cannot afford to allow men thus to shut God out of His world and out of our life's history- It is more pleasant to believe that " ' He overrules all mortal things, And manages our mean affairs ; On humble souls the King of Kings Bestows His counsels and His cares.' We are glad to be permitted in the prayer of faith to cast on Him our burdens and anxieties. Then let us seek clearly to understand the ground on which our belief rests, that we may not be ' soon shaken in mind or be troubled,' but may be able to give an answer to every maa that asks us for a reason of the hope that is in us concerning God's providential care and superintendence in all the events of our lives- We are also called upon to hold fast the doctrine of atonement through the death and righteousness of a Divine Mediator, and the doctrine of justification through faith in His blood. The offence of the Cross has not yet ceased. Men, whose names are known to us,, and whose writings freely circulate among us, profess to be shocked at the material and commercial aspect of the language used by theologians when speaking of the death of Christ. Now, I do not ask that we stereotype the phraseology of our forefathers on this subject, but do let us glory, even as they did, in the cross of Christ. We want their strong faith and their deep intelligent convictions. The signs of the times warn us that in our endeavours to render the doctrine of the atonement palatable, we are in danger of detaching from it the element which is at once its distinction and its power. There is more than enough said in various quarters now about the self-sacrifice of Christ, of which His death was so glorious an example. We require to be grounded and settled in the hope'of the Gospel,.. and then continuing in the faith, we shall tell these men we believe all that, but we believe more—that death was a true sacrifice^ a real expiation for sin; and only as we have faith in this will the spirit of consecration, of which they speak take possession of us. Unless the Bible is a delusion and a snare, it is a fact that 'we are bought with a price;' we ' are redeemed with the precious blood of Christ.' Here we must take our stand, ever readyfearlessly to avow that we 'are not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ; it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth, for therein is the richteoHsness of God revealed from faith to faith.' Further, let me remark, there is a growing necessity for insisting "upon the simplicity of the Christian ritual. The rapid growth and spread of Ritualistic opinions and tendencies is a sign of the times which calls for our serious consideration. What doss it indicate ? what will be its ultimate development ?' what is our duty in relation thereto ? I. do not wish to preach a crusade against the Ritualists. Some of them are men of culture and refinement, and have drawn after, them many whose high sestheticism leads them to long for all that is graceful in form and grand in soul; but the majority of their followers are weak men and womenj who are led captive by their fondness of vain shows. Were I in England, T should denounce as severely as any of my brethren the dishonesty of those who, while professing to be ministers of a Protestant Church, preach Romish doctrines and indulge in Romish practices. In this colony we are differently circumstanced. No congregations here ate compelled to have a Ritualist for a minister whether they will or not; and, on the other hand, if they prefer tosecure and retain the services of such an one, no one else has any just cause for complaint. All we can do, all we ought to attempt to do, is to bring out more prominently the teachings of Scripture [on questions of rituaL We cannot ignore the subject altogether; loyalty to Christ and to our religious and ecclesiastical convictions forbids our keeping silence. Professor Simon has well said—' The mission of Congregationalism, as I understand it, has been to assert and apply the fundamental principle of Protestantism. . . • That principle is the right and duty of every' man's entering into direct fellowship with God without the intervention of anything human, whether it be a creed, or a form of polity, or a priesthood. If we have had any specific message from God to deliver, it has been this. Our aim is, or ought to be, to set men on their own feet, and to teach them to look to and learn of God for themselves.' This witness is true. It is our duty, even as it is our privilege, to assert and maintain the truth that the ' Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost,' and that ' in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature.' As a corrective to the disposition to make too much of sacred places and holy days, we must present the statements of the Master—'Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst.' 'Thehour cometh when ye«hall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father.' Do men make priestly pretensions, and lay claim to priestly power! All the more reason is there that we proclaim Jesus only as ' the Apostle and High Priest of our profession.' He by 'His one offering hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified,' so that ' there remaineth no more • sacrifice for sins,' and that the whole body of the faithful, not a select few, are ' a chosen generation, a royal priesthood.' We must prove that the advocates of baptismal regeneration have no scriptural authority for thus limiting the Holy One of Israel. As well attempt to restrain the wind, to which He is compared, from blowing where it listeth as attempt to cenfine His renewing influence to sacraments and ceremonies, or within the ministries of an order to which they claim to belong. We must meet all the sensuous and sentimental utterances of the Ritualists about the Real Presence in the ordinances of the Lord's Sapper by pointing out the many gracious assurances of Christ's spiritual and perpetual presence with Hie people. The more earnestly and lovingly this is done the less likely will it be that men will accept bits of bread,. transformed by a priest's benediction, as the grand fulfilment of the Saviour's promise to the Church— 4 Lo, I am with you always, even to U» end of the world.' There is little fear that our Churches will be ; borne along 1 by tfie tide -of ceremonialism so long as they are composed of those who, in the best sense of the term, are Bible Christians, and-are like Apollos, 'mighty in the Scriptures.' The genius of the Gospel is so utterly opposed to all that is formal that the men who thoroughly read and thoroughly digest the truths of God's "Word do not need to be persuaded that * bodily -exercise profiteth little' "or that «it is a good thing that the . heart be established with grace, not with meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.' Not to weary Jon, or overtask my own strength, I shall briefly allude to one other point. It seems to me that we want a fuller realization of the Divine idea of Church life. It is a sad fact that some of the most thoughtful, earnest, and gifted minds in our congregations refrain from uniting with the Church. We do well to ask, is the spirit, the atmosphere, the inner domestic life and working of our Churches, so intelligent and liberal," so holy and heaven-like, as to present an attraction to such men? 'Now, if there be one plain, fundamental, undeniable principle supplied by the New Testament regarding the Christian Church, it is this—that our Lord meant to found a brotherhood, to which all who believe in Him should belong. Whatever else this Church was or was not meant to be, it was to be a spiritual brotherhood—not simply in that exalted sense in which all true Christians are brothers, whether they acknowledge one another as such or not, and the saints on earth, and all the dead, but one communion make; but in this more practical and earthly sense, that Christians are to acknowledge one another as brethren, love as brethren,'work together as brethren. By this all men are to know that we are Christ's disciples—that we love one another.' One is our Master, and all we are brethren. The Church is a body, having Christ for its head; and all its members are to be so closely identified in interest and feeling that if one suffer all the others suffer with him. Such is the Divine ideal. Have the union, the sanctity, the love, the zeal, the heavenliness of this 'pattern given in the Mount,' been embodied with sufficient and attainable approach to perfection in the Christian profession? Beyond the peace springing from the consciousness that we have complied with the requirements of the Master, and are privileged to sit with His disciples at His table, what are the palpable advantages of Church membership? Those who are least desirous of bemoaning- our present state and condition feel {that it is high time we should begin to think earnestly of con- forming the Church more exactly to its Divine model. It can hardly be expected that I should indicate the exact direction our efforts should take in seeking 'the accomplishment of this desirable object. I may, however, remind you that resolute united action is far preferable to the idle grumbling about our deficiencies in which some are wont to indulge, that each of us has his part to perform in seeking the purity and advancement of the brotherhood, and that there is nettling in the constitution of our Churches which prevents our profiting by the experience and practices of others. Happily, too, our circumstances now are such that our spiritual growth and power is the only end that we need seek. The battle for religious freedom has been fought and won, and our right to be regarded as a legitimate part of the true viable Church of Christ is now generally recognised. May God give us wisdom to improve the present opportunity, and take advantage of this season of rest and quietness. Let us seek to supply what is lacking, and remove all impediments to onr happiness, our holiness, and our usefulness. Let us strive and pray that our 'love may abound yet more and more in knowledge, and in all judgment; that we may approve things that are excellent that we may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits of righteousness which are by Jesus Christ unto the gloiy and praise of God.' Most earnestly would I plead for this. We wish our Churches to grow and prosper, and - gather to them those that are without. We may simplify our modes of admission to their fellowship; this, however, will be of little service—it is not better machinery, but more power that we need. We want Churches in which the vital principle of godliness shall be so strong that they may be said to be instinct with the Spirit of God; Churches partaking so much of the mind of Christ that, like Him, they must be ever going about doing good; Churches in which men would feel they had a sacred home, and did indeed belong to the household of faith. Then those who had first given their ownselves to the Lord would speedily and gladly cast in their lot with us, rejoicing- to be numbered i^ith the saints. Moreover, I plead for this, because it will do much to promote that Christian union for which all good men long and pray. The nearer we come to Christ the more we are like Him; the closer shall we be drawn to all those who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. With more of the mind of Christ, though retaining our denominational peculiarities, the truth would be spoken hi love, sectarian strife and rivalry would cease, and catholicity and conscientiousness would not - only co-exist, but coalesce. Reviving influence is what we, and all the Churches of Christ, greatly require. Its effusion would develop our mutual affinities, and bring us into sympathetic contact and final unity. Without it we shall -never unite our parted forces. Brethren, the time is short, our responsibilities are great, our duties are many and serious. Let us be true to ourselves, and, above all, true to our Master. The shadows are lengthening upon oar path, reminding us that ' the night eometh when no man can work;' therefore, let ns be 'steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord.' God grant that each one of us may so live unto Him who died for us and rose again, and may so labour for the good of others, that when called away from earth to our rest and reward, our truest epitaph may be —' After he had served his own generation, by the will of God, he fell en sleep, and was gathered unto his fathers.'" • SUDDEN DEATH OF AS INFANT.—On Monday about 6 p.m. a male infant aged one month died rather suddenly at the residence of Mr. G. Roberts, George-street, Norwood. The mother, Elizabeth Giles, aged Id, left home 14 days ago for Chirikford, where she is now residing with her sister, Mrs. Kelsh, leaving the deceased in the care of Mrs. Roberts to dry-nurse at 15s. per week. An inquest will be held to-day. DEATH IN A CELL.—A Doctor Robinson, who for years wandered about the Rhine, Talunga, and Orikaparinga districts with no very certain places of abode, has, after a hard life, met with death under circumstances raiher gloomy. The poor fellow, who has been his own wont enemy, was liked by many, for lying under a rough exterior there was a kind heart. He was at times generous to a fault/ and often his services were given without the least hope of reward. His skill was often praised, and certainly he has, even when in his cups, marvelloudy lessened pain and battled with disease, especially among the poor, but not these alone. Numbers of the comparatively well-to-do had faith in his knowledge of medicine and judgment in applying remedies. Of course he. was not in regular practice, so irregular were his habits. One of the " characters' of the hill districts has gone, and not a few will deplore the untimely and sad end of a strange career. -On Friday night, as had unfortunately too often been the case before, Robinson was locked op by the Mount Pleasant police for being drunk. Next morning at 7 o'clock Corporal Birrell visited the cell, where he found the prisoner suffering much from the effects of intoxication, gome time later the officer went into the yard, and not hearing the. doctor breathing, opened the door of the lock-up, and saw that he was very 3L Medical help was got, but it was hopeless, and the patient soon died. An inquest was held on Sunday, and a verdict of <leatb from apoplexy returned, 