RETURN OP THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY TO BERLIN. Á. corniEsröNDENT of the Daily Telegraph, writing from Berlin on thc 17th March, thus describes thc return of the Emperor :-" At half-past five o'clock this afternoon, his Majesty * ".Wilhelm ' the ? victorious,' Emperor of the GernAn ^Reich, and King of Prussia, made his\cnf% Vnto his ancestral capital under circuTnstailccà; of far less pomp and circumstance tbàrilthose attending bis visit td the Emperor .Napoleon at Paris in that Exhibition year-'thiKname of which is written in water-18G7.Y Then, all thc splendour and all thc pageantry at thc com- mand of the most powerful; luxurious, and hospitable Empire on the Continent were lavished' on the reception of a Monarch whose. Government a few weeks before had been within an ace of coming to blows on the Luxembourg question with Prance. Napoleon III. seemed desirous of laying that ugly\ghost in a red sea of gold. He surfeited his 'Nßoyal Brotíicr* with attentions. The Polacc^ojf'thc El«ce\had been deemed good enough for\he Padishah^, ;but the King bf Prussia was lodgea^ivVwtpg.of thc.:Tuileries itself. Well do I remember the sunny after- noon on which the Imperial andrRoyal cortege swept' through thc\glorious length of thc Rue di Rivoli--the State., carriages, with their matchless horses, blazing with gilt and burnished trappings-thc glittering casques and corselets of\the Cent Gardes, - the stars and ribands ond&crosBcs; of the Staff, the wondrous showmadeliy the French Imperial Grenadiers, asthey': turned out at thc main guard at the Louyre,^their eagle in the centre, to present arms teethe illustrious guest. And very distinctly dtft I remember, too, tho glacial silence of thc enormous multitude as the dazzling cavalcade streamed 'along. A few mouchards, stationed at certain intervals made bold to cry V VivßJ' Empereur I ' and even ' Vive le lîqi, de Prusse J ' and one of them got knocked dowiT"by a mania a blouBC for his pains. For ^the rest, the Parisian populace stared at the* show as in a theatre they would have gazed upon a splendid spectacle with actors who were distasteful to them. The beheld, but they did not applaud. That night, in thc cafes, they sneered at and disparaged what they had Been, or spitefully circulated the bitter, jest attributed to Cóuut Bismarck, when Nàpoloon inquired whether the King of Prussia ,did* not find Paris much altered since his last >visit. Assuredly ; but his Majesty always enters by tho Porte St. Denis. It was through that gate, with all Louis XIV.'s vain trophies overhead, that Prince'William of Prussia had ridden, a mere lad in the wake of the Allied Armies, in 1815\. Fifty-seven years hove elopsed, and after wisely abstaining from entering in' triumph thc capital which his soldiers would have trampled under their feet, the boy Prince of Hohenzollern-now a bronzed veteran of seventy-four-ino'w a mightier conqueror than the winners ofvLoip8Íc. and Waterloo-now an Emperor of'Germany-conics home to Berlin in the quietest and simplest mariner conceivable. I have Web the High Sheriff of au English county make a grander show when, with IIÍB javelin men, he has gone forth to welcome the Judges at Assize time. 