flotsam! 'Save you, Master Tom, thero bo much method in your madness. Denizen, vory excellent, good i' faith. You have hit the nail fair on the head thiB time. You would bo a denizen tirlint. von are fit for) not a citizen— you would bo one simply dwelling in the State, not one dwelling and exercising the duo and lawful right of tho modern municipium. DoBt romombor, if thou over wort cognisant thereof, that in tho old times there were in all Stutes denizens not permitted to hold citizenship, for such reasons as may perhaps occur to your loarnod leisure. Perhaps you agree with Lowell — " Before man mado us citizens, Great Natnro mado us man," and- consider that to bo bound by a solf-imposod restraint is derogatory to thy dignity. Learn your task afresb, good Tom. Learn that restraint is nobility, that (as Ruakin puts it) tho chained obodiont mastiff is more truly freo-thnn tho un chained buzzing impertinont blowfly who minds everybody's business but his own, and thatfllfio burden which citizens voluntarily tako upon themselves is an honourable, a dignified, and a beneficial one. Exceeding wiso in thoir generation are tho railway management folk 1 Thoy beliovtfin one sided reciprocity. Sydnoyites don't beliovo in tho moral of tho old fable. Thoy, tho belly, wish to absorb all — cheap fruits, grain, and vegetables —but to tho poor limbs up-country tboy won't re-circnlato ono maravodi'a worth of strength. What has rusticity got to do with oranges, asks tho man of tho metropolis, graceful from his toos tto his cranium ? Is it not honour enough for an outsider dwelling nt somo unpronounceable locality to know that he is allowod to romit his produce Sydney wards nt cheap rates, without any foolish notions on his part of gotting his stores contra! wards at a similar tarifF? But granted, a thonsand times over, that it is good for tho country districts to havo a cheap method of transmitting their produco to town, why on earth is it that tho town doosn't soe that it would be equally .good for it to havo an equally cheap method of transmitting its stores to tho country. Low railway rates for man, beast, nnd goods and there would bo a chnnco of profit ; high rates —and thero is no chance, nothing but a sonse of class prohibition. Unequal rntes— and thore is tho devil to pay. I often think that grout public works in n young colony nro more for tho future than -tho prosont. A substantial permanent rail road, suitable for tho wants of a population, reckoned by millions, is a grand thing, oven though it doosn't return a profit whon usod by the few hundred thousnnds who ot prosont con stitute Now South Wnles. To try and writi" from tho thousands tho profit which tho millions only can give is ono of the many delusions which afflict tho ordinary colonial stntosman. That tho thousands havo built and constructed a railroad for tho future millions to use onght to bo on argument for giving cbonp tariffs to tho former as a reward 'for thoir faith in tho coming nation. But not so think Byrnes nnd Whitton. Only ono egg a day, is thoir cry. Preposterous ! Kill tho hen 1 Out with tho conconlod tronsnro in a lumpl And lol tho lion being slain, nothing is discovered beyond the elomentnry truth that greediness, liko ambition, ofton ovorlenps itself. Tho Scott centenary banquet, with Badham nnd Frnnois " discoorsing" tho most refined classi- calitjos, naturally loads ono to think of fiction in tho abstract. From fiction to sonsationnlism tho transition .is rapid. A Molbourno Presbyterian parson has latoly boon standing up liko a man for tho healthy influence of fiction, nnd oven of Bonsationnlism, whon of a certain kind. But tho best apology for tho latter thiit I havo soen is on article entitled "Ono's Private Foxos," which appeared in tho Pall Mall Budget of the 19th of last May. Tho writer of tho abovo- mentionod article ndvocatos ponsationulism, but blamos tho majority of sonsntional writors for their olumsi- noss. He says — " Tho condemnation of the sonsntional novelists doos not lio in their extraviignnoo but in thoir clumsiness. Thoir materials nro right onou'di. liko tho Frenchman's plum pudding, but thoy are not properly handlod. It augurs very little knowledgo of the world to .suppose that all noriotyis ns it scorns to bo on tho Hiirfnco.'and that those highly rospcctablo ludios and gontlo- mon whqpn ono moots everywhere nro just as ono soos thorn in friendly drawing- rooms, with no history to speak of; that no secrets of a doubtful . kind stand like ghosts between husband and wife as thoy smile to onch other across tho dinner table; that when Miss Lucy returns from hor solitary walk in tho gardens, no memory of a stolen meeting flushesherfuir fnco with a brighter glow as she ondures her little brother with nnwonted amiability, nnd sings papa's fnvonrito s.ongs without too much reluctance. Every now nnd then, when tho concealing barriers break down, and tho world is admitted to soo the interior of its neighbours' gardens, a cry of con demnation goes through it, and peoplo who havo substantially tho snmo skeletons stowed away in thoir own outhousos hold np their hands in pious horror ns tho bones nro unearthed nnd exposed to public view ; and thoso whoso vitnls are nt this moment boing consumod by foxos out of tho same nest whon they learn tho history of their neighbour's socrot pains say with wondoring faces, " How could thoy havo borno thoir lives, knowing what thoy did, nnd deceiving us as they did?" — the truth being that wo all, savo a few exceptions, have our own foxos gnawing nt us beneath our cloaks ; only wo agroo to carry on tho chont, and not to turn king's evidence ngninst each other. When by chance ono of us drops his cloak and discloses tho fox, tho rost feel themselves bound to bo as indignant ns if tho thing wore un- pnrnlleled. It is difficult sometimes, however, to keep steady whon one hoars Satan rebuking Sin ; when worthy magistrates are loftily out raged at somo piece of ordinary iniquity as common as autumn leavos ; whon a rogue, with a conscience ns easy as an old glovo, discusses tho demerits of a knavo whoso hononr is not quite so close-fitting as wnx. It is tho way of tho world ; the pact with hypocrisy society is forced to make, so long ns it is considered tho right thing to keep tho appearances of things in their present condition." Scott was a sonsntionalist of tho right kind. I havo an old fashioned idoa that as storios of in tense sensation the " Heart of Midlothian " and "Tho Bride of Lammormuir" will hold their own any day ngninst anything by "Ouida," Lawrence, or Miss Braddon. Talking of centenaries, a grand Caxton com memoration is shortly to come off in Victorin, whon a Benevolont Press Fund is to bo started in connection thorowith. But why a centenary demonstration should como off either this your or next I don't quite comprehend, seeing that Caxton was born in 1412, nnd although uncer tainty exists as to tho dute of his death, it was soraewhora about 1476. Neithor |of those two dutos 'justify a contonary commemoration yet a while. A Bendigo gentleman predicts that about No- vombor next the oarth will receivo a terrible smash from a comet, or if not a smash, that it will bo onvolopod in tho gas of tho comet's con stitution, to the instant destruction of all animal and vegetable life. Tho savant doos not con descend to give any satisfactory data. He simply predicts out of his inner consciousness, pleased donbtloss with tho thought of making somo of his fellow creatures vory uncomfortable. A Molbourno papor says wisely on tho subject — " Mon of science havo in fuct given lip tho comet as an ngont of destruction, and having mado thorn bugbears for generations, now war rant thorn to bo1 harmless. If they do come into collision with the oarth at any time, it will pro bably be, as Stephenson alleged in tho case of tho locomotive and tho cow, very bad for tho comet." I notice in tho Victorian statistics for 1870, fignros which provo tho progross which towns and districts make under municipal government. Tho following extract is from tho Molbourno Herald "Tho returns of tho corporato towns and boroughs give a vast amount of information, such as tho value of rateable property, number of dwellings, and number of rnt'epuyors. Tho total amount of rateable property in tho towns and boroughs boing £22,607,029. In roforonce to. tho increase which has taken place in tho estimntodi valuo of rateable property of towns and boroughs, it is stated that in 1861 tho esti- mntod valno was £20,69.0,476, whereas it is now £22,607,630. Similar returns are given of tho shires and road districts, with tho same fullness of detail. The estimutod total of tho value of ratcnblo property in all tho districts and shires in tho colony is £25,322,054. Tho decennial return shows that in 1861 tho entire estimated valne of rateable property in this division was £9,916,311, arid that now it is £25,322,054, show ing a largo increase in tho ton years." May Yass as a municipnl borough thrive to a similar oxtont during tho noxt ton yonrs, is tho hopo of A WRECKER. Yass, August 17, 1851. 