THE DRAMA. It is said that the public have appreciated Arrah-na-Pogtio, aud, that the press have abused it — so at least Mr. Coppiu declares. I have been fortunate in hot having read the abuse. No one denies, I imagine, that Arrah-na-Pogueis a good drama, perhaps one of Boucicault's beat, and no one either would deny that there is a large amount of- merit in the present cast of the RoyaL Weak in some points, it is essentially Btrong . in others) However, we are to havo no more Boucioaulfc for a time, for next week is to be given up to the legerdemain' and mueic of Heller, and the Wiles and witcheries of the Gregory , sisters. While I am on the subject of the Eoyal, I would like to inqniro what the use . of, ,that wonderful -reservation, ia it known. as the dress circle is for. It ( certainly cah'i^e f, sourcO'pf profit to the management' ; it /de cidedly is not an agreeable ' 'addition o .'the night's amusement of thoHO Who , do visit the ' theatre. ' 'Couldn't it be abolished? Could not the- flaming red it presents at present be chauged1 to a modest drab, the price reduced from Ga. to '.U.i and might it not. then : be/kep1 1 -en- 1 tirely select? What ifl the tiso of keeping:.a pasture for. the upper ten to feed 911, if the \ upper ten obstinately refuse tofoeit Why j then should nof the middle class' of our \ society have- a fair ? opporbunity given to ; thorn of enjoying a play at a reasonable price, ' without having to herd either jwith larr^kina : or larrikinesses ? It is notorious that no de- ! cent woman dare shoW her face in the stalls ot the Royal (after a certain hour, becauae the, gangway is blocked by a crowd of . tho : demvnionda. .Nor is that iustitution, known j aniongBt horsey mien as the saddlingpaddook, the sort of place by4 Which any gentleman '- would ilik'e . to lead either bis ; wife; or hie »i«ter., , Let Mr. Cpppin then set his mind to | .tho task of considering the upahcial por- ! tion; pi this p'roppBitidn, and I!farioy ho j will -come to' the same conclusion 1 on . ? the ! subject as I have done. Lot us abolish tbp I dreaa circkyand establish in.its place. a com- ! fortable family reflort, and then T fancy that on 8atnrday nigbt» , wo shall nee as jgoodly a muster there as, we do now in 'the tier above, and without diminishing the at tendance there either. Mr. Baylisa has' settled his affairs. He baa his theatro in order, his company en gaged, and on Saturday next the curtain of the prettiest little theatre in the Australian colonies will rise for the first timo'for many months on a dramatic performance. In starting on his work, our . enterprising American friend must not forgot, that he has & difficult tank before him. , The, .press, I believe, will give him the last xnetid.of en conragarnent lie deserves, because tho presB in the interbato of tho prof e«Bi6n and the £ublic desirea' anxionBiy that' 0. 'occond ieatre eliould be finnjy established1 In Mel bourne. MK Bavb'oB has oao ddvantaso over every one who baa yet attempted to' start in opposition to' tho B6yal aintrn'Mr. Ooppin crossed the street. He it a, thorough buti- ; ness man, &nd;, besides, an experienced maiia fer. Let mo then with him every success, fiff company itfertftinly deaerves it, for it is perhaps the boat wo have had' in Molbourne for years, Head , pf . the list, , of course, i«! Mrs. Mary Oladstane, whose, peculiar class! of pieces it may bo presumed will be ohoaon for; presentation at tho Princess's. His said, thit she has som/ii new dramas from England, I and if bo ttiey iwill likely inw'.Jufiint comedian, we are to have bnok aniongat ub 6uft,pld, friend, Mj-., Charles. Young.; ( Mr,, Stuart O'Brien is' onW more to woo the stony hearts of tho Molbourne public' as leading man, and with him Mr. R. W. Law rence takes a share of business ; aa juvenile, Messrs. P. C. Apploton, G. Wi Collidr, iuid ' H. N. Douglaa/, the latter ; u new arrival from' Sydnoy, fand it is' said ' a very excellont actor. . Mr. Laohlan M'Gowan essays the old, men, in which tire havo every Guarantee from1 the past ' of ^is success, while there is , a strong array of talent in the utility. .Amongst tho ladies thero is a perfect array of talent, consisting of our old favorites, Carrie George, Hattie Bheppard, and Jonnio Bryoo, Mro. CharleB Jonea, Mrs.'L. M'Gowan, and others. The aoonio artists are to be Messrs. WilBon, Fry and Little ;tho mechanist Mr. U. Pitt, and property master Air. Charles Pluchi. The new company I am sure will have the good wishes of everybody. May they be equally as successful in obtaining their' money;1 Mr. Howe, writes au amusing letter from* King George's Sound, which 1 append :— 'King George's Sound, 20th August. Dear Sir,— Like' the little boy who broke a window, in his juvenile effort to throw his missile. further than his playfellow, I feel in 'cUned to exclaim— ' Oh, sir ! if you please ,sir ! I'll neyor do it again sir ! ' For any jthing so horrible as the torture we have all endured for six days and niehta in the anti podean ' Bay of Biscay oh, cannot be con ceived. I have been informed on' board that this particular part of the watery gliibe ia technically known' as the '^reat Aus tralian BigUt.' ; if so, I 'don't envy, the idiot who would wish for a ' second bite' from such 'a cherry.' I feel , convinced that my friend Heller muafc have , bribed Neptune, and 'rude Boreas' to cause, ua 'to be thus ' tempest' tossed' in return for the joke I perpetrated about him on my beneKt at the RoyaL I am now comfortably located in the convict settlement on the edge ;of King George's Sound, but to^ save my character from any glory which might settle 'upon it from this assertion, I must inform you that it is only, for a few hours, and my temporary abode will not be lingered be yond one p.m., that being the hour fixed for the renewal of our torturo aboard the good (God save the mark) ship Avoca. 1 am happy to inform you (aud if you like to be communicativeyoucaaspreadtheiutelligence) that I have actually Been in this 'go-a- head' port of King George's Sound five soaLs— viz., one at the P.O.,' another in the road, and three at my hotel, the landlord, his wife, and the cook, which augurs well for the future censuB-taker of the place, aa (if he gets a Balary at all) his duties will not cause him to have au overflow of population on the brain. Yet, cotwithstanmg,,the absence of the genus homo, it is a very pretty place, and as much like the harbor of m-mi Francisco,, minus the -inhabitants and shipping, aa though the great architect of the universe had said to himself, 'I'll moke two alike, so that if one of my earthquakes, ao absolutely necessary in California, should blow up San Francisco, I have still its follow loft in King, George's Sound.' Nearly everypno of the passengers, aud some of the' servants' of the Avoca have been laid under by the weather ; it has been the worst short voyage I ever, undertook, and if I had failed to leave my'.carte-deviaitewith you, I could furnish Henninga with an excel lent idea to make a' correct likeness or J. 6. Howe, aa he appears at present on board the Avoca. . Take a picture of the ghost in Hamlet, .remove the helmet, got Higgin bbtham or some other follow to remove the grey locks' and grizzled beard, 'and you would have , ' my- picture in little ' at once. ^Tith kind regards , , to yourself and Miss Melbourne,—! remam, yours truly, J, B. Ho^e.'''' ??' '?' ?? '?' ': '? '';:'l' '';' ,..! -:- AUT0LYCU3. 