CALIQO. September 30. In my last I Bpoke of the demise of the Cargo Com pany, but if they aro dead their ghost stills walks the i earth, aud entered an appearance in. the flush at Toe- ! gong the other day before the court of petty session, i with a view of obtaining a magistrate's order for the , delivery of a portion of their machinery from Mr. , ltayiissj of the Post-office Store, Cargo, who, although ? he baa not the sign of the triplicate sphere outside i his establishment, still, to a certain extent, has been j acting the paternal towards the bullock-driver*, who j deposited it with him when they found the company I could or peihaps would not pay the carriage. It j appears that some members of theconipauy, with their usual astuteness, thought by paying Mr, Baylies f^t* the atoreage he would surrender possession, and in dieeine narlance. let the bullockies rip. But Mr. Bayliss did not exactly see this, having an eye both to the present as well as the future. He at t'ie first was glad to, and did receive some L20 from the company, and in the second, knowing there was no possibility of making more from them, and that there might be some chance of profit from builockey who lives on the spot, advised them (that is the company) to apply to the magistrates. This was done, but it was not in the worshipful J.F.'s power to grant them relief. Why does not the unfortunate company die out respeotably ? Surely, what littfa there inav be left in the Oftsh line, from the sale of their n^achines^ oould be better employed than in endless litigation, . We have lately had some prettj/ neatfy febotfctS4 which have supplied us with water for washing pur poses, and that makes the place look up. Mefieta. Wall and Churoh's machine is nearly cot^^ea. The Pros pectors, Lucknow Re^f, Lave resumed operations, and ! will shortly be followed by the Rise and Sbin^. &c-; Our school is opened, aud at present the °* scholars is over fifty. ThiB is a good beginniu^, We are glad to be able to report that the resumed activity which prevailed at Grenfell, and to which we adverted in our last issue, still continues ; all tLe machines then at work arc still being btuily employed, 1 with every probability of their continuing so for an ; indefinite time to come. We have been endeavouring to obtain reliable information of the latest rueh to the Levels, and we are informed that there arc at present ! about seventy people on the ground. Our informant, iwho came iuto town this morning from these diggings, states that they are situated fift.-en miles on the other side of the Billabong, about fifty-five miles from here. The sinking is from ten to sixteen feet, and the pros pects obtained by his party were fully j dwt of coar-.e gold to the dish. The prospecting party are said to have got l£dwt to the dish ; but this we cannot vouch for. There is also on the l ground taken up by the prospectors, R. Taylor , and party, strong indications of a reef being somewhere I in the immediate vicinity, as they have iu sinking, gone through a reef of loose rubbly stone, bearing slight traces of gold throughout. They are sanguine ! that ere long they will come upon a payable reef. Wre trust this ground may turn out as well as these reports lead us to believe it may, as it would prove a great boon to the distriot, and prevent our miners straying to more distant scenes in search of a new El Dorado# Much, however, as we would wish to believe this news, we must caution our mining friends not to act upon it ; until further information is obtained from the spot. Although we are inclined to place every reliance on the 1 truth of the statement made to usy yet we cannot htlp being aware that miners are often apt, unwittingly, to exaggerate their own good fortune. Our reports from the machines this week we subjoin. Mr. Cuuninghamc's machine, is on a lot of stone from the Enterprise reef, which is expected to be finished to-day. Messrs. Bevan and Hopkirk are crushing a lot of 200 tons cf stone from the Britannia reef, for Messrs. Hamilton and party, which is expected will be finished in about ten days. This stone it is expected will turn out very welL Mr. 'Vaughau's machine has been engaged on a lot of stone from No. 1 north Homeward Bound, the total yield being about 516oz; the particulars we have not as yet been able to obtain. At the Kohinoor machine, Messrs. Rich Young and party are engagedjon a lot of their own stone, about ISO tons, raised from No. 1 north O'Brien's, which will be finished to morrow ; this stone, it is expected, will yield from Jo z to 12dwts to the ton. Since our last report Mes&i;*. Hollister and Cooper, at the Brundah machine, have put through twenty-four tonB of stone from the pros pecting claim, Homeward Bound, which yielded Xoz Ldwt per ton, and are now engaged on bfiy tons of alluvial, which they expect to finish to day. 