: English Mail The Puechas Case. — The judgment of the highest court of appeal in- reference to the vestment question has stirred up the feel ing of our church to its very depths. Dr. Newman argued fully twenty years ago that the ' life ' of the Anglican communion was essentially Protestant, and from this fact he deduced the inference that what he called Catholic truth-could only be found by its votaries in the bosom of the Roman Catholic Church. Recent events have only confirmed this view, and we are richt in concluding not only that popular feeling is opposed to the Romanising of our public worship, but that our rubrics and formularies, when fairly inter preted on the ascertained principles by which lawyers are accustomed to be guided, are verily and indeed the echo of the mind of the reformers of the sixteenth century. The Rev. J. Purchas has petitioned the Queen-in- Council, complaining of the position in which he finds himself; : — ' So grave are the consequences of the decision in the case to which your petitioner is a party, and so deep and pain ful an interest has it excited amongst a very large body of clergy and \- laity of the Church of England, that your petitioner, being now unexpectedly enabled to take upon himself the expense of employing counsel on his behalf, which, as before stated, he was at the time of the hearing quite unable to do, and being most anxious for the sake of himself and others that'a full and complete discussion should be had of the several points raised by the original appeal, he therefore humbly prays your Majesty not to adopt the recommendation of the Lords of the Judicial Committee in the above- case of Hebbert v.. Purchas until, an opportunity has been afforded to your petitioner of having the case reheard, in order that he may be duly represented by counsel learned in the law upon such rehearing, and a full and satis factory discussion may be had of the several points raised by the said appeal.' The petition was rejected on the ground that the petitioner refused to have the case reheard by the Judicial Committee. There appears to have been a very vague notion that the Queen could deal with the question through her political advisers, of whom the chief is known to have proclivities in favour of the extreme party. The Archbishop of Canterbury and the Ritual Question. — The Archbishop has written from Cannes, in the south of France, two letters of great importance in connection with this stirring con troversy : the one addressed to the Bishop of Gloucester, in answer to an inquiry how his Grace's suffragans were to carry out the law in accordance with the Purchas judgment ; the other addressed to certain ? clerical memorialists, who had lodged with the Archbishop a remon strance against the decision. In the former, his Grace thus expressed himself: — 'I have read the judgment with care, and have not been inattentive to the various expressions of feeling which it has called forth. I think that those commit a great mistake who, in respect to this, or any other judgment of our tribunals, allow themselves to draw inferences beyond the subject matter which was before the court when the judgment was pronounced. And even as to matters expli citly mentioned in the judgment, I think none of the clergy have any need to be disquieted, unless distinct complaint be made against them. Certainly, not all clergymen are expected by their parishionei-3 or exhorted by their bishops rigidly to observe all points in the rubrics. The rubrics form the lawful rule of divine service, to which the clergy are bound to yield a general loyal obedience, and. of which they are bound to be ready to observe every particular when required by authority. What this judgment has done is to state the law in reference to the illegality of the so-called sacrificial vestments, and in reference to the position of the officiating clergyman at the celebration of the Holy Communion. Respecting this latter point I apprehend little difficulty. The bishops will doubtless all be ready- — as I have intimated in my own case to several of my clergy — to advise the best mode of making any changes which may seem desirable in the existing practice, having regard to the particular circumstances of our parishes and the great delicacy required in introducing changes from practices which have been for any length of time established. No doubt, as you say, it is in the exercise of their paternal rather than their legal authority that the bishops will find their influence greatest in such matters. Still, in points on which the law is clear, we must be prepared to enforce its observance in cases which are brought before us in a legal way. With respect to what are called the vest ments, which in the few instances of their adoption have given so much offence, I can have- no doubt that complaints will forthwith be made to the bishops where these vestments have been assumed, and such irregularities must, of course, be at once discontinued.' The address to the clerical memorialists derives considerable pun gency from the fact that they were headed by two bishops (colonial) and four English deans : — ' I confess the circulation and publication of a remonstrance against a decision of any of our highest Courts of Appeal seems to me both unusual and inconvenient. Those who are dissatisfied with any of our laws, ecclesiastical or civil, as explained by our highest tribunals, have a perfect right to use every legitimate means, by petition or otherwise, to obtain an alteration of the law ; or, again, if they consider the Court of Appeal to be improperly formed, it is a perfectly right course to apply to the Legislature for an alteration of the nature of the Court. But the publication of a remonstrance against the decision of the legally-appointed judges, in I any particular case, seems to me scarcely the right way of: attaining either of those objects. Indeed, the present remonstrance might, at first sight, appear to imply an accusation against Lord Chancellor Hatherly, .the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of London, and Lord Chelmsford, of either being ignorant of the law which they are called upon to interpret, or of having perverted its interpretation for an unrighteous party purpose. I feel confident, dear brethren, that you ? intended no such accusation. But as little can I suppose that you wish to enunciate the principle that the judges of. our supreme Courts of Appeal are bound not to interpret the law according to their con- . sciences, but rather, in delivering their judgments, to accommodate | its provisions to the changeable rule of what may seem to be inline diately expedient. Again, I feel myself at a loss quite to understand . the request which — upon the supposition, as I apprehend your mean' ing, that final judgment has been delivered — yo.u make to the. bishops, ' that they should abstain from acting upon this decision,' being certain that you do not so estimate the bishop's office as to consider it superior to the law, and that you will at once acknowledge with me that the chief pastors of our church are of all men the very last who ought to be requested to set to this nation the example of refusing obedience to the highest tribunals. Such obedience I feel sure you consider to bo the duty of all good citizens, and to be espe cially incumbent on all ministers of Christ, not only in our own church, but among Nonconformists. And here I will remark that Roman Catholics and all bodies of Dissenters are liable to be con tinually called upon, like ourselves, to submit the terms of their contracts in matters most intimately affecting their doctrine and discipline, to the decision of the courts of law. This is an obligation from which no section of the community can escape under a well ordered government ; and in the records of our courts we have con- . tinually recurring instances of such decisions affecting the principal religious bodies in the kingdom. I believe that the real object of your remonstrance, notwithstanding what I trust you will excuse me for calling the ambiguity of its wording, is merely this: you are anxious lest the late decision should lead to a rigorous investigation into the exact mode in which the rubrics, which are the subject of that judgment, are complied with ? in every parish in England. You, therefore, fear lest the liberty of the clergy, may be unduly' interfered with, and you depre cate the evil which might' arise from the sudden introduction in many parishes of changes fuom practices which you believe have given no offence, and which have been adopted under the conscien tious conviction that they- were not irreconcilable with the law.' I will not hesitate to remind you that the whole practice of the Epis copate of England in the administration of its duties is averse to anything like tyrannical interference with individual liberty. We have long learned by experience that we can trust our clergy ; and, except when complaints are made against their mode of performing divine service, our rule is to leave them to act according to their own consciences, under direction of the rubrics.' The importance of this letter has been fully appreciated by the public press. The Times thus writes : — ' The law has undoubtedly been declared, and ? the . clergy are bound to yield a loyal obedience to it ;' ' but certainly,' adds the Primate, 'as a matter of fact, not all the clergy are expected by their parishioners, or required by their bishops, rigidly to observe every point in the rubrics at all times and under, all circumstances.' We greatly regret this wavering opinion. There are numberless small matters of rubrical order in which it is scarcely possible or desirable to maintain an abso lutely rigid uniformity. But the case is wholly different with a point of ritual observance to which high importance has been attached by large parties in the church, and which has finally been regulated, after a prolonged contest, in the ultimate Court of Appeal. Of course,' a wise bishop, like any other superior officer, abstains from such inquisitiveness as implies a want of confidence in his subordinates. But when he knows that the law is disobeyed in matters regarded as important, it is his clear duty himself to require its observance, and not to wait until some 'one who may be specially aggrieved takes the initiative. The bishop, we beg to observe, is intrusted with the interests of the laity and the main tenance of the law as much as with the protection of the clergy. The liberty of the clergy cannot possibly be ' unduly interfered with1 by requiring them to observe the law under the sanction of which they minister, and the Archbishop has no right to throw upon the laity the whole burden of enforcing the law. This is not the kind of obedience which we have a right to expect, either from the clergy or the bishops of an established church.' The Times argues with much force that the comprehensiveness of the church can only be main tained by strict enforcement of the law, and that the church would soon be liable to be narrowed to the dimensions of a sect in every village if each clergyman is to be at liberty to conduct its services in the particular manner best fitted to symbolise his own party views. The ceremonial of the church is the common property of the whole congregation, while the clergyman's sermon is in some degree his own. He must, of course, within limits, speak for himself, but he acts for others and with others, and the law, as it is from time to time declared, is simply a rule for enabling him rightly to do this. It is gratifying to notice that the hands of the Archbishop are strengthened by memorialists opposed to the Purchas innovations. The Claughton Church Association thus addresses his Grace : — ' We beg to offer our warm thanks to your Grace for the sentiments expressed in your letter to the Bishop of Gloucester, and your letter to Bishop Abraham and others. We cannot omit this opportunity of adding that the late judgment in the case of Hebbert v. Purchas is calculated to produce the most beneficial results in the ultimate cessation of ceremonial innovations which are viewed with great dislike by the vast majority of churchmen. These novelties were, such as ' neither our fathers nor we were able to bear.' The martyr Ridley, before his death, in the presence of his enemies, denounced ' the massing vestments' as ' foolish and abominable, and too fond for a vice in a play. ' Our church, in her Homilies, contrasting primitive and mediaeval customs, instructs us as follows : — ' Likewise were the vestures used in the church of old time very plain, and single, and nothing costly.' We observe with indignation that the honesty of our highest court has been called into question by a few, but our astonishment at this is somewhat abated when we remember that the Reformation and the Reformers themselves have been grossly assailed on the platform and in the press, under the auspices of the ' English Church Union.' This, together with the avowal of a belief in all Tridentine doctrine by the Regius Professor of Hebrew at ' Oxford, and the author of The Kiss of Peace, at Cambridge, has created deep dissatisfaction in the public mind. The confessional and monasticism have been revived amongst us, and the author of The Eirenicon, in a letter to a Romish paper, has not been ashamed to say that ' neither is there anything in the supremacy in itself (of the Bishop of Rome) to which we should object.' We regret to observe that this Romanising movement has been going on for some years. Before us lies an Anglican work, The First Catechism of Christian Doctrine, published many years ago. On instituting an examination we find that it is but a republication, with some trifling alterations, of the Romish Abridgement of Christian Doctrine. This abridgement also lies before us. Thus the peculiar doctrines of Rome are introduced to the children of the Church of England, in a dis guise, indeed, but in the very words of Rome ! We cannot be sur prised that the conviction has spread far and wide amongst Church men that in the presence of such deliberate treachery those who are loyal to the Reformation can no longer continue their active support to the permanence of the establishment ! We are, therefore, con vinced that the late decision is well calculated, by the divine blessing, to vindicate our Zion, to arrest the progress of treason, and ' to lift up the hands' of loyal Churchmen, ' which hang down.' ' The Bishop of Manchester on the Vestment Question. — Bishop Fraser appears to occupy a prominent position on the bench, and to exhibit an amount of wisdom and ability for which we may be thankful.- In a sermon preached at Boston his Lordship said — 'If it had not been that men had got entangled in the bondage of a symbolical ritual, I cannot believe that the peace of the church would have been so disturbed as confessedly it has been by the recent judgment. In the first place, the practices which have been con ' demned as unlawful by this judgment to ministers of the Church of 'England have all grown up, I venture to think, within the last twenty-five years. I do not remember one of them existing when I was a boy. 1 have never, even now that I am a middle-aged man, and have been in a great number of churches, seen a minister wear ing what are called the 'vestments.' Therefore, they were anything but universal, and the practice has been anything but continuous. At the most they were a revival, and the question is as to the legality of that revival, and it has been settled, upon certain points, that the revival is illegal. But, as calm men, who arc not going to be frightened out of all our proprieties and driven off our legitimate standing ground because (even if it be so) a judgment has gone against us on certain points which we hold are only of secondary importance, let us calmly look and see what it is this judgment has ruled. ' It has ruled, as far as I understand it — for it is not perfectly clear and it is not perfectly explicit (I wish, for the sake of the peace of the church, it had been more explicit on two points which I shall mention in a moment) — it has ruled four points negatively and two points' positively. It has ruled that the prayer of consecration in the Lord's Supper is to be used at the north side of the table ; that in saying it, the minister is not to stand with his back to the people, or at any rate, is not to stand in such a way that they cannot see the action of breaking the bread in the act of consecration. It has ruled that the mixed chalice — a chalice of water mingled with wine— and-: water bread may not lawfully be used. It has ruled that certain vestments supposed to be required by the Ornament Rubric may not be re-introduced. Those are its negative rulings ; and it has ruled ' positively that the surplice is the only vestment ' for the minister at all times of his ministration, and that in cathedral and collegiate churches the celebrating minister on high festivals must wear a cope in addition to his surplice at the administration o£ the Holy Commuuion, as required by one of the Canons. I cannot say for -myself, either as a bishop of the Church of England or simply as a member of the Church of England, that I like either - these prosecutions or these judgments. They excite in my mind feelings of anything rather than joy or triumph. Partisan newspapers, no doubt, may write triumphant articles, and say there has been a great victory by one section of the Church of England over another ; but I desire those who speak in this language of triumph to remember that these foes ought to be men of the same household, dwelling together in peace and unity. But still, whether one likes these prosecutions and judgments or no, they are simply facts which we must recognise and adapt ourselves to. And it must be admitted that men were running into such extravagances, that if there was to be any law or order amongst us at all — if every man was not to be a king in his own eyes and do just what seemed to him good in the house of- God, they were inevitable, and the inevitable consequence of them is a greater narrowing of the ground on which we had been accustomed to move with fuller liberty. But then when liberty, runs into licentiousness, it is time to vindicate the supremacy of the law, and after all (and this ought to be our consolation while regarding all the barren and unprofitable controversies called forth) the supremacy of law is the greatest security for the only true freedom— rather, I would say, it is the only; security for true freedom. In a time of anarchy you may have license, as we see, too sadly, alas ! in.the con dition of Paris at this moment; but liberty will be trampled under foot by the force of brute strength, by a triumphant and arbitrary majority. The only security for true freedom, which shall protect the rights of all, is in the reign of law. And so I trust that all the clergy of this diocese of Manchester, for the very sake of preserving' their freedom, and for the sake, also, hardly less important, of the example they will thus exhibit to their flocks, will be willing to conform to the law.' With the common sense of the Bishop of Manchester we may put in contrast the following dictum of the Bishop of Lichfield : — ' The law which had existed for 300 years had been modified by custom, and the most opposite views were entertained respecting it. He thought some relaxation of the existing law was advisable ; and, so far as he was personally concerned, he did not consider himself bound to enforce the decision of the Privy Council. All he felt to be incumbent upon him was to set an example of obedience to the law, but not to enforce it.' Rev. J. Purchas' Schedule of Furniture.— The affidavit of Mr. Dale, the solicitor, showed that the following are among the articles of which the Rev. J. Purchas made an assignment, as found in the Registration Office of Bills of Sale: — Seven sets of cucharistic vest ments, seven ditto choral vestments, seven ditto f rontals, twelve pairs of brass candlesticks, one brass crucifix, one electro-plated proces sional cross, two brass censers and boats, two silk banners, one canvas banner, three pairs of brass altar vases, twelve priests' sur plices, twelve men's ditto, twelve boys' ditto, six cottas, twelve hoods and tippets, twelve red cassocks, two silver-gilt chalices, one ditto bread-plate, two electro-plated patens, one lattcn alms-dish, two plated wafer-boxes, one Bible, choir and altarv service books. Sir J. E. Coleridge on Obedience to the Judgment. — We have hinted that the Ritualists would be glad to appeal from law to law givers. Mentioning the statement of Canon Liddon — churchmen might find relief in co- operation with the political forces which are working towards disestablishment — the Right. Hon. the Solicitor General proceeds as follows : — ' I am bound to believe, and I do ' believe, you do not intend this as a menace ; but such a statement of a future course to depend on a contingency cannot but read very much like one, and against your intention it may well be understood as such. You do not say that you are one who will co-operate with - the political party which, now seeks to disestablish the Church, in accomplishing its purpose, and' I do not suppose yoit ever will. But I on behalf, not so much of the clergy as of the laity — on behalf of the worshippers in our churches, of the sick to be visited at home, of the poor in their cottages, of, our children in their schools, of our society in general — I entreat those of the clergy who are now feeling the most acutely in this matter not to suffer their minds to be so absorbed by the present grievance as to take no thought of the evils of disestab lishment. I am not foolishly blind to faults in the clergy — indeed I ,. fear I am sometimes even censorious in regard to them — and some of . ' their faults I do think, may be referable to Establishment ; the pos session of house and land, and a sort of independence of their parish ioners, in some cases seems to tend to secularity. I regret sometimes their partisanship at. elections,'. their speeches at public dinners. But what good gift of God is- noMiable to abuse from men?' Taken as a whole, we have owed, and',\|e'clo owe, under Him, to our established clergy more than we can ever'repay, much of it rendered possible by their Establishment. I may refer, and now with especial force, to education ? For the general upholding of religious educa tion in emergencies not improbable, to whom can we look in general so confidently as to the parochial clergy? I speak now specially in regard to parishes such as I am most familiar with, in agricultural districts, small, not largely endowed, sometimes without resident gentry, and with the land occupied by rack-renting farmers, indiffe rent or hostile to education. I have but glanced at a very few of the benefits we owe to our Establishment ; this is not the place for a full discussion of the whole great question, and, if it were, I am not com petent to the task — 'JYequeo monstrare, et sentio tantutn.''' The Bennett Case and the Call to Prayer.— An article in ' ' the Protestant Churchman on ' The Bennett Case and its Issues ' concludes with these weighty words of appeal: — 'Is it not a time for the most earnest and united prayer to Almighty God, not that the limits of the church may be narrowed, but that our ancient bulwarks, which surely have given sufficient latitude, may be up held ? ' Is there not a cause?1 Let us pray that Almighty God may give wisdom to our judges in the supreme Ecclesiastical Court, that so having, in the Purchas case, decidedly vindicated our reformed worship, they may, in the' Bennett case, vindicate' our reformed faith for which our fathers died, and which we.'desire to hand. down 'to our children and children's children.' A Musical .Performance in Westminster Abbey. — ' It is,'- says the Daily Telegraph, 'a sign of 'the. times that the Passion Week Service of . the Lutheran Church should -have been performed . in the chief Abbey Church of England; Although Dean Stanley is a type- of ecclesiastical boldness, even he' would scarcely have dared, a dozen years ago, to authorise the performance of Sebastian Bach's grand Passion Music, by the aid of 300 ' choristers, and with the dramatic recitatives of that famous piece. The Abbey was crowded to the doors, and hundreds who had come to the service were forced to go away after fruitless attempts to enter. We hazard little in saying that the occasion marked a new movement, which, although founded on quite a. different basis from that of Ritualism, may prove to be yet more attractive.' The performance of this music in West minster Abbey elicited a letter to the Times from Mr. Purchas. He ? says :—' Would it be to 'inquire too curiously' to speculate why I am mulcted heavily for a like proceeding in my little freehold chapel of St. James's, Brighton — viz., for having the Te Deuvi, the Litany of lour Lord, and the Litany of the Passion, sung alsoim mediately after the aforesaid service?' Excommunication of Dr. Dollinger. — In his protest against the decree of the Vatican Council asserting the infallibility and supreme power of the Pontiff, Dr. Dollinger solemnly made this declaration : — ' As a Christian, as a theologian, as a historian, as a citizen, 1 cannot accept this doctrine.''' Rome has replied, and done ? its worst. Dr. Dollinger has been excommunicated by the Arch bishop of Munich. This protest seems likely to produce great results in Germany. The Vienna correspondent of the Times writes that the action of that eminent theologian, who is Dean of the Chapter of Vienna, is exciting great attention there. In Bavaria,, the opposition to the Ultramontane dogma is growing very like a rebellion against the Pope. King Ludwig has not permitted the infallibility to be proclaimed in- his dominions, and makes no secret of his sympathy with Dr. Dollinger and the protesting professors of the University of Munich. The five points of the protest are these : — 1st, That the new dogmas have no foundation in Scripture ; 2nd, that the assertion that the dogma of infallibility has existed in the church in all times disregards all the- traditions^ of the Christian Church for the first thousand years ; 3rd, that the majority of the council has been misled by quotations which were for the most part false, dis torted, and invented; 4th, that two General Councils and several Popes have already, in the fifteenth century, decided the question of the Infallibility of the Pope by solemn decrees published by the Councils, and confirmed by Papal decrees; and, 5th, that the new doctrines are irreconcilable with the present constitution of the European States. The Archbishop of Munich, who was himself formerly an opponent of the dogma, replies to the learned doctor that there is now no question at issue: Home has spoken. In the meantime the ministers are trying to arrange the difference between' the Archbishop and the Dean, which, after the clear decla ration of the latter, seems almost an impossibility. Death of the infant Prince Alexander. — The particulars of the sorrqwf ul event which' has thrown a gloom over the Royal house hold at Sandringham, will bo read with interest. ' The infant Prince was privately baptised on the day of his birth by the Rcv..W. Lake Onslow, Rector of Sandringham, and Domestic Chaplain to the Prince of Wales, in the presence of the Prince and Princess oE Wales, the Hon. Mrs. Stonor, and Dr.~Arthur Farrc, and.reccivc'd the names of Alexander John Charles Albert. The fears entertained were pain fully realised. The infant. Prince expired at two p.m. Atthe funeral the Heir-Apparent and his two sons were the chief mourners, and the officiating clergymen were the Dean of Windsor and the Rev. W. Lake Onslow. The funeral cortege, proceeded on foot from Sand ringham House through the gardens and park to the church. The place of burial was a tomb in'the churchyard, a few feet east of the chancel wall. The labourers and school children of the estate were arranged on either side the path from the garden gate to the church yard, the children in front, the girls wearing their scarlet cloaks and long white sashes. On the coffin arriving at the picturesque lich-gate of the churchyard, the tenants filed off on each side, allqwing the remainder of the procession to' pass through the south porch into the church.' On their entering, the 'Dead March in Saul' was struck up on the organ. . The church. retained its Easter decoration. After the portion of the service within the church, the coffin, on which were deposited;, a handsome cross and wreath of white azaleas, camelias, &c;, was borne out, the procession. following to the grave, where the cross,,' was removed, and the Prince of Wales and the young princes placed up'on .the coffin six immortelles of white azaleas, roses, deutzia, and hyacinths — one being for the Princess of Wales, one for the Prince of Wales, one for Her , Majesty, one for the Queen of Denmark, and one each for Prince Albert Victor and Prince George.- The coffin was lowered into the grave, and the service pro ceeded. At the sentence, ' Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,' instead of the customary earth, three young girls threw in haridfuls of' prim roses, violets, wood anemones, and other wild flowers. The funeral sermon was -preached by the Rev. W. L. Onslow, from the text Matthew v. i — ' Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be com forted.' He made a touching allusion to the affliction. of the Royal family, and concluded with a few words from Keblc's beautiful -poem in Tlie Christian Year, commencing, ' Oh, childlike bliss of inno cence.' The Jews and the Recent War. — The recent war has affected, the Jews more than any other nation involved in it.- Most likely for s the first time in Israel's history, since they lost their own country, the world has seen thousands of Jews fighting against each other. There have indeed always been some few Jewish . soldiers in the various armies, but never before such a multitude . arrayed in antagonism against each other. There were, more than thirty thousand Jews in the Prussian army alone ; how many in the French is not exactly known. This proves, what is often denied, that the Jew is loyal — though he knows his true fatherland is the HolyLand, still he fights and sheds his blood for the land of his nativity, for the land where he has been educated, for the king and country that give him shelter and freedom ; and the .press has informed the world how these Jews, who arc generally, but falsely, called cowards, fought and distinguished themselves on the battle-field. Another interesting' characteristic has been brought to light during this war, namely, that the Jew is generally a religious man, according to the knowledge he has of religion. All the false modern Jewish philosophy cannot eradicate from the Jewish heart the truth deeply engraven in his inmost soul, 'I am a sinner, and I need an atonement.' If ever such an inward voice could have been hushed, - we should imagine, it might have been during the intense excitement and occu pation of this war; but it has not been so with the Jews in the Prussian army. There were 2000 Jews amongst the besiegers of Metz, and in October last, during the progress of the siege, they asked and obtained permission to observe the Day of Atonement in prayer, humiliation, aiid fasting, from morning until night. What an interesting sight! 2000 Jewish soldiers solemnly celebrating the Day of Atonement in the open air, their Gentile brethren in arms watching around them, that they may perform their devotions with out being molested by the enemy. We may hope that some of these 2000 pious Jews have been directed to the atoning blood of Christ by Christian soldiers, who may have told them to read the 53rd chapter of their prophet Isaiah, and see depicted there the Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of the world. We may also hope that the thousands of copies of the Holy Scriptures which have been circulated among German and French soldiers, especially amongst the wounded, may be blessed to their Jewish comrades. The Table of Lessons Bill.— Under the bill now in ' Parlia ment, the New Table of Lessons will become the appointed Lectionary after the 1st January, 1872, but no suit is to be instituted against any clergyman for following the table now in use before the 1st January, 1873\. Therefore, during the year 1S72 either the old or the new Lec tionary may be used, or at one time one and at another time the other, at the discretion of the clergyman. The Irish Church.— The report of the committee on Liturgical Revision includes, amongst others, the following recommendation : — ' That a new question and answer be added in the church catechism after the words 'by the faithful in -the -Lord's Supper,' thus :— Q. ' How are the Body and Blood of Christ taken and received in the Lord's Supper?' A. ' Only after a heavenly and spiritual manner; and the means whereby they are taken and received is by Faith.' It is recommended that the following sentence be added to the Declara tion at the end of the Communion Service : — ' And whereas the intention of the preceding Declaration hath been in modern times by some persons misconstrued or evaded, the Church, of Ireland doth hereby declare that no adoration whatever is to be done to any presence of Christ or of Christ's Flesh and Blood, supposed to be in the elements after or by virtue of their, consecration. ' It isvrccom mended that in the Ordination Service the following form be used,: — 'Almighty God, our Heavenly Father, grant unto thce the gift of the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed to thec by the imposition of our hands. And be .thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of His holy Sacra ments. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' It is recommended that the following, being the annotation on ornaments, &c;, commpnly called ' the Ornaments Rubric,' should ' not form a part of the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of Ireland.:— 'And here it is to be noted that such ornaments of the church, and of the ministers thereof, at all times at their ministra tion, shall be retained, arid be in.iisc, as were in- the Church of Eng land, by the authority of Parliament, in the second year of the reign of King Edward 'the Sixth.''- ' ,Mr. Henry Roc has made the offer to restore Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, at his sole expense. He also offers to build a synod hall for the deliberations of the repre sentative body. This magnificent gift lo the Irish Church is thus a complete one. Its value, , however, -is not to be measured by the many thousands of pounds which it will cost (over £50,000), but coming at this 'particular, point of time it is worth double, as an evidence of the vitality of the church, and as saving this ancient historic edifice from falling into, the power of Cardinal Cullen, who was using unsparing influence to obtain it, and has been in treaty about the adjoining property in expectation of obtaining the cathedral. This church was founded before Romanism was established in Ireland, and in addition to this ante- Romish claim, it has also postReforma tion memories, for here the liturgy of the Reformed Church was first used. The Lord Primate of all Ireland presented an address from the Committee of the Irish Church Missions to the First General Synod, which is summed up in the following terms :— ' The Committee can point with humble thankfulness to the results of their efforts during the last twenty-two years — res lilts which have, been achieved through the machinery of the church and in loyal conformity to her prin ciples. The Society has been instrumental in causing the erection of 19- churches, 9 parsonages, 8 orphanages, and 30 schoolhouses, in districts of which many have been permanently endowed from other sources. It has been enabled to carry on a very considerable work of scriptural education. It has also been the means of disseminating gospel 'truth, and of exposing dangerous errors in various parts of the land. And the committee, while cordially thanking those members of the church from whom they have so long received support and sympathy, desire to take this opportunity of expressing their readi ness, so far as the means entrusted to them will permit, to co-operate with those clergymen with whom they have hitherto been associated, and with all others who are willing to accept their aid in the great and important mission on which, in the providence of God, the church has already entered.' 