Spiritism. A pew days ago we published a disparaging account of the proceedings of the medium Home at St. Petersburg. It is only fair to add (says the Mel bourne Age) that since the first publication of that account Mr. Home has, in a letter to the editor of the Standard, denied categorically each of the state ments contained in it, but he does not complete his case by giving bis own version of what took place. He admits that he had a seance with some scientific men at St. Petersburg, but avers that it was at his, not their, request that the preparations were com pleted, without his being a party to them. It does not appear that he was at all successful, and he left the city, making an appointment for the resumption of the seance a year afterwards. Some of the allegations which he thought proper to deny were about things of no consequence, and his anxiety to attach importance to them does not tell in his favour. He, however, adduces some independent testimony which is worth looking at. Mr. Crookes, the editor of the Chemical News, says that he received a letter from M. Boulterow, a member of tbo scientific commission, referring to Mr. Home in the following terms: — 'During the* winter, and before the arrival of Mr. Home, I have had occasion to convince myse'f of the reality ot mediumship. Later I made the acquaintance of Mr. Home, and assisted at his seances. I am therefore far from look ing on Mr. Home otherwise than as a perfectly honest man and perfectly serious.' Mr. Home him self refers to this Professor Boulterow as his future brother-in law, but whether the professor is going to marry Miss Home, or Mr. Home is engaged to the professor' b sister, does not appear. Mr. Crookes on his own account administers a rebuke to the editor of Standard in these words : — ' It would be more consistent with the proper functions of the Press to educate the public up to the point of believing that there are probably more forces in heaven and earth than were ever dreamt of in their philosophy, rather than to crush down free inquiry by throwing ridicule on every endeavour of competent investigators to push the boundary of human know ledge a little further in a direction hitherto almost untrodden.' This is all very true, but it does not follow that Mr. Home's pretensions are well founded. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Standard did not throw ridicule on the scientific commission, as Mr. Crookes insinuates, and it was too much to expect that correspondents should remain silent as to what had been done merely because it suited Mr. Home's convenience to adjourn the seance for twelve months. Mr. Home de serves at least a share of the censure for being so reticent The following extraordinary story is given in the. Court Journal, of 6th May :— ' All have read with horror of tho barbarous murder committed on a young and extremely well-favoured girl — a child, one might Bay — nigh on seventeen years old, at Eltham, in Kent. The painful subject is referred to in consequence of a very extraordinary circumstance connected with tbe girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospital, at 9 o'clock on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman were in the room at the' time, and they all concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the window close to the bed on which the murdered girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached the window, which, by the way, is about fifty feet from the ground; of course there was no one there. There were no means by wnicn tbe window could be reached irom the street, save by a ladder, and ladder there was none.' The story muBt be taken for what it is worth. ' There arc more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy.' Stawell (Victoria) appears to be particularly favoured (remarks the Chronicle, 18th July), by visitors from the upper or lower regions. In a cer tain tradesman's residence, the agency seems to have a particular objection to allowing a certain door to remain shut about midnight, ' when churchyards yawn.' This door is the centre one of three, and the outer ones were locked as usual. On the first night in question it was opened with a loud bang, and without any previous intimation. On a light being obtained nothing was found disturbed, and the outer doors were locked. On the succeeding night the good man placed a barricade against it, but this was of no avail, and the ghost pushed the door open with great scorn. On the third night a large tea tray was planted against the door, and fortified with several heavy substances. At midnight a tremendous clatter woke the household ; the mysterious door was found open and the others locked. 