MISCELLANEOUS. A New Enemy to Sheep. — A curious story comes from the interior of the province of Otago, illustrative of the habits of parrots. For the last three vears the sheep belouging to Mr. Henry Campbell, on his station in the Wanaka district, have been afflicted with what to him was a new disease. His- neighbors and shepherds were equally at a loss' to account for it, having never seen any thing of the kind before. The first appearance of this supposed disease is a patch of raw flesh on the loin of the sheep about the size of a man's hand. From this matter continually runs down the side, taking the wool completely off that part which it touches, and in many cases death is the result. During last season a shepherd on a neighboring run brought news that he had noticed one of the mountain parrots, which are very numerous in the district, sticking to a sheep and pecking at a sore, ' and that the animal seemed unable to get rid of its tormentor. As the runholder had frequently observed these birds tearing at the skins of sheep which had been hung up to dry, he thought it was not at all improbable that the cause of the mysterious -disease was solved. He \- therefore gave particular instructions to all his shepherds to keep a careful watch upon the parrots when mustering on the high ground. The result has been, during the present season when mustering high up on tbe ranges, about the line, they saw several of the birds surround a sheep, which was freshly bleeding from a small wound in the loin, and on other sheep they noticed the places where the parrots had begun to attack them, small pieces of wool having been -picked out. It has since been ascer tained that no less than 10 per cent, of the flocks depasturing on the ranges have been thus attacked. — Otngo Daily News 3 une 19. The Geelong Advertiser says : — Hares appear to be becoming very plentiful, ,and in fact a nuisance at Iuverleigh. A short time since 100 she oaks and a similar number of gums were forwarded from the Geelong Botanical Gardens for the use of the cemetery there. Becently the curator received a communication, informing him that the whole of the she oak plants had been eaten by the hares and requesting a fresh supply of plants of another description. In compliance with the request a collection of blue gums was forwarded.' Rival Families.— T. K. Beecher, of Elmira, said feome unpleasant things about H. B. Smith, elected to Congress from Elmira district.. Smith remarked to , him' that those statements were con spicuously inexact. Beecher straight ened back in Bome excitement, and ex claimed in decided tones. 'Do you «ant to get up a* quarrel with the eecher- family ?' — ' No, sir,' said Smith, ' but I want to know if you want to get up a fight with the Smith family?' An armistice was declared s after that. 'Here is a fact to which we are sure the protectionists of these colonies will be grateful to us for drawing their at- ; tention. We have it upon the authority of- the gentleman whose name we sub- ; join. Mr. Hoe, of New York, is known, .wherever British or American news papers penetrate, as the inventor and manufacturer of some of the best print ing presses in existence. That upon which the Australasian is printed was made by him. His mechanical skill, his enterprise, his extensive business and bis large foundry were matters of which his fellow-countrymen spoke with just pride. Well, Mr. Hoe has been protected out of America. Fiscal fond ling has been too much for him. The ' native industry' which he was carry ing on threatened to give up the ghost, it was so assiduously fostered and cherished by the Legislature. He has according transferred his capital, his enterprise, his inventive skill, and his foundry, to London, and he now an nounces to his customers in all parts of the world that he is enabled to supply his printing machines at from 20 to 25 per cent, less than he was ahle to manu facture them at in New York. Once upon a time the cry was -'Westward, hoi' It is now. 'Eastward Hoe!' Australasian . The Taxpayer is responsible for the following curious narrative connected with the income-tax, the substantial truth of whicTi is also endorsed by* the Birmingham Daily Gazette : — '? A man already assessed left Nottingham and went to, Birmingham, leaving 5£ of in come-tax unpaid. He wad followed to Birmingham, and requested to pay up hid arrears. He disregarded the notices served upon him. What is more, he stuck them up in his office, and annotated them satirically. At last he was informed in red letters that if he did not pay he would be proceeded against. Being a man of nerve he took no notice of the threat, when in the c6urse of a month or two he received a huge foolscap letter — written, not litho graphed — from Somerset-house, asking the grounds on which he declined to pay. He replied, after a week or two, that the reason why he did not pay was that he had not the money. Two or three months afterwards be was told that this was not a reason wherof ' Her Majesty's Commissioners eould take. cognisance.1 He failed to see this, and Her Majesty's Commissioners spent some ten months in arguing the point — still in writing. At last Her Majes ty's Commissioners became peremptory They wrote through their secretary that \- they declined to argue the qu3stion further; the money must he paid.' The defaulter replied that he ' was not ac customed, as a gentleman, to peremp tory letters of this kind.' and that he therefore ' declined to hold any further correspondence with the department.' Well, the matter went on for five years, and Coring the whole of this time the peeeant person never paid a penny of ineome-tax. His one answer to all ap plications yr&B; that he was ' in corres pondence with the department.' At j last a warrant was issued, and intrusted , to the sheriff of the district for execution The defaulter being in lodgings, the j sheriff s officer concluded it would be of no use to distrain, so he took the de faulter's body. This was illegal. An officer has no right to take the body of an income-tax defaulter until he has dis- j trained and finds the proceeds of the I distraint insufficient to meet the de mand. The result was that the de faulter commenced an action for false imprisonment against the officer, and did not withdraw it till the sheriff had paid the amount due on account of the tax and costs, as well as a small douceur, which sufficed to pay the expenses in curred by the defaulter in giving a din ner to a few friends to 'celebrate the event.' Crossing the Nevada. — The last glimpse was when w-- were at the summit station — Truckee, 7,500ft. high if I re member rightly. That was a strange glimpse, or stare rather. We ought to have been there at 11 o'clock, but for an hour or two we went slowly. There had been ;a telegram that a great woodshed at Truckee was on fire, and it waa doubted whether we should be able to pass until morning. The line was being burned up, it was said, and other things pleasant in deed to railway travellers on the Sierra Nevadaduringa winter's ni^ht were talked of as likely to happen. Long before we reached Truckee we were wrapped in the glare of fire. Snow was falling. The side of the steep rise to the left of the line was sheeted white. Snow sheds were dimly yet pervadingly illumined. We could see the zigzag snow fences over which tbe soft, insidious fiakes were eddy ing and heaping, silently but surely. At last the cars were pulled up at Truckee. The village, straggling along the foot of the rise, bad lights visible in every house. Visible, but bow weirdly they looked. The falling snow, that lay cling ing together, the drifting snow, . the great white ghastly screen behind the vil lage, the red fitful light from tbe huge pile of burning wood, all combined to modify the lights from candles and lamps that shone from the Truckee windows, and which were made to look like steely- blue lights, pervaded by a tinge of rich orange colour. How sharply all the lines of each of tbe wooden buildings stood out. The store the shop, the dwelling-house, the shanty, stretching in a strangely broken line, could each be identified. And the wind soughed,- and the snow fell with a snow hiss and the cars stood there shivering in the warm light that had all the warmth taken out out of it. 'It is certain readers never can' have any clear idea of places described! Ah, well ! True, no doubt. But those who saw Truckee, at the top of the Sierra Nevada, as I saw it, will r-eally never forget the sight, and will never recall it without a strange pleasure. When the cars were allowed to proceed, the engine solemnly puffed until we had crawled up to and passed a great stack of glowing embers, 100 yards long, per haps, five yards deep, and 6ft or 8ft high, with little jets of flame shooting out over every few inches of surface, and a fierce ' smoor' rising high above it. The line had not been injured and we ran on — into the night, and down the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada. — ' Special correspondence of the Southern Cross.' ' 