THE COUNTRY. The If a nwdi'ii Guardian stato3 that at a special meeting of tho Warrnambool Shire Council, the difficulty which existed as to the Warrnambool main road was removed, the resolution standing in the books pledging tho Council not to undertake any new works un til they woro out of dobt having been re scinded, The improvement called for iu the Chinam dir&tiod;' will now be -proceeded with. _ - s The "larrikin" nuisanco Is complained of by most of the up-country papers. The Hampden Guardian states that ladies cannot pass through tho town of Camperdown without beiug subject to annoyance and in sult from somo ono or more of the tribe who are- found prowling about tho streets. The annual pionic of ho children of seve ral of tho country Sunday schools was pre vented by' tho heavy rain3 that foil, A "stranger" in Camperdown writing to the local paper, strongly urges tho establish ment of a hospital there, and suggests that a publio- meeting should bo called to take tho matter up. A child, six years old, named Anno Frances Mumford, was killed at Kangaroo Flat by the stumbling of a horse on returning from the Fancy Fair. Tho little girl was sitting on her fubhor's knee, on the outside scat of a cab, and' the whole party were thrown out. The wheel passed over deceased's body, breaking her ribs aud fracturing hor spine. Death was instintaueons. The coroner's jury returned'a verdict of accidental death. A very severe accident happened at Bal larat on Monday to a man named John Moore, aged fifty years, who was driving a dray, when it came in contact with the stump of o-tree, and overturned, falling upon the poor follow, -and. crushing his chest and '' collar-bone. He was removed to the hospital, and ia progressing favorably. The new invention (saccharate of silver) for saving gold is to receive trials at Ballarat on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, on somo refuse dirt from several local companies from whioh the ordinary processes have failed in extracting anything of value. An impudent robbery was committed on the Inglewood racecourse on Monday, Mr. Tyler, of Morning Star Reef, having had the pocket of lus-trousers pilfered of £11, which lie had about him at the time. The Adver tiscr speaks of Monday's being the finest race- gathering- wbich has been witnessed on the course for years. There is. to be no official inquiry into tho causes of tho fire that destroyed the Vordon hotel iu Skipton-strcet, Ballarat, a few days ago. The Btiuligo Independent says it was the Viscount's fault, and not the Mayor's, that tho latter was not on tho spot to receive IIi3 Excellency on his arrival at the Railway- Station.. The Mayor was punctual ; tlio Viscount was "much before his time." The total Bum realised by the Sandhurst Fancy Fair up to lost night, is stated by the Advertiser to-be £2790 13s. Gd. It is ex pected' that the expenses will be consider ably within the estimate previously formed of thorn, Tho district coroner held an inquest at the Big Hill yesterday on the body of a boy, aged: twelve years old, the son of Mr. H. Schultz, farmer, who had got hold of a roarblo whilst lying in, his cot, and swal lowed it. One of the Census- sub-enumerators in forms the Dai/lesford Mervtirij, that amongst . the "live stock " returned on his papers, ne ;had "quito a number of cats." Our con temporary fancies Mir. Archer will havo as muck trouble iu classifying these as he would "30 many mice and rats, and other small game." It is beyond a doubt that somo new (says the Oeeton'i Advertiser) and very important evidence will ho brought out at the trial of Geary, for tho _ Colac murder. A tailor, named Hill, residing at Colac, stato3 that some timo after Brookhouso disappeared, he went to Geary's house, and called him out. On leaving, Mrs. Geary, addressing hor husband, remarked, " Now, Paddy, don't bo long, for I'm afraid of Brookhonse's ghost." Sheep, and oven horse-stealing, was a very common offence at tho time when tlie mur der is supposed to havo been perpetrated. Paddy Geary had anything but an amiable notoriety in tho neighborhood, and ono of the low ranges on the border of Lake Colac bears to this day tho significant name of " Paddy's look oue. The Advertiser gives an account of tho dis- ' covcry of tho body of a man in tho rive r 1 Barwon, near Higliett'a mill. The singu) nl. 1 manner in which it was found, tho scrapr , 0f 1 poetry in the' pockets, and tho fact of the feot being tied togotlior, and a large atone fastened round tho nock, lead to tho t ;onclu- sion that ono of tho most determined jctg of suicide ever recorded has been porr ,ctrated. An inquest (our contemporary l wiH probably be held this afternoo- j at the Fyansford hotel, aud as the body Las not yet been identified, it would be woF t jf those ac quainted with any person ar lSwering tho description given would visit the place and view the body previous to t' uo inquiry. A letter found on the person 0f the deceased leads to tlie iufcvence that 1 1C Liu; resided iu Gcelong. 