AMUSEMENTS. ? ??? ? MR HELLER'S FIRST ENTER TAINMENT AT THE ME CHANICS' INSTITUTE. Mr Robert Heller, the world-renowned magical, musical, and incomprehensible professor of all that is mystical, gave the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday even the first of his series oi seances in tho hall of ing. The hall had been so ably arranged under the instructions of Mr Coppin, with a view to the accommodation of the public, that the frequenters of this favo rite place . of amusement scarcely recog nised it. The Heller stage, bear ing on the proscenium the unpre tentious ? sentence, ' Robert Heller's Wonders,' had something classical in its appearance, though all was plain but elegant from the Corinthian columns to the flowing folds of the great green curtains. The stage was clear of all en cumbrance, two small tables being the only furniture. The audience in each di vision, reserved seats, parquette, and back seats was clearly defined and well repre sented. Mr Coppin had the back seats raised on a system which afforded those in the rear as clear a yiow as those in front, consequently there was no dis content nor cries of ' Sit down in front.' Order and good humour mingled with pro digious astonishment prevailed through out the whole performance. As even a condensed description of Mr Heller's seance would form a tolerably sized pamphlet, our remarks must be brief. It was divided into four parts — the first being legerdemain wonders. In this tho changes wrought in the dimensions of a pocket handkerchief from the time it was lent by the owner, cut, washed, stretched, to a yard wide and squeezed to three inches square, formed something quite now in that branch of legerdemain. The witch's pole, with the obedient and sensitive cards, created more wonder, as tho magician threw the card box to the ladies for close examination, and he broke the polo to show that it was not hollow, and there could bo no communication through it. His assistant threw up a bundle of cards, amongst which one had been placed by a lady ; Mr Heller made a stab at the cards in the air with a foil, and se cured the identical card selected by tho lady on its point. But this was only one of fifty equally inexplicable feats with cards. Cupid and tho roses is a feat as beautiful as it is wonderful. A small tree is placed on the table, and while Mr Sharp, who presided at tho piano, performed an air, the tree blossomed and bloomed with white roses, fresh and bright, as if ripened by the sun instead of by gas light. In this nest of roses Cupid was found very small proportioned, and with little clothing except the bow and arrows he does so much mischief with. He was found to be in possession of four missing rings thrown at the rose-tree. Ho bowed politely to tho ladies — very low to tho widows. Raising the wind is a process so simple for the manufacfuro of specie, that we feel rather astonished that Mr Heller would levy any tariff for ad mission at the doors. He borrows a hat, and. commences catching half- crowns or florins in the air, on gentlemen's whiskers, on ladies' bonnets, everywhere and any where, justas juveniles catch flies, and pelts them into the hat, either through the side, or tho crown, or over the left or anyhow until he half fills it ; then he gives six of tho coins to one gentle man, and twenty to another ; taking caro to make them countthem carefully and hold them tight. Then he takes the six, shies them at the hands closed on the twenty ; has them counted again, and there are twenty-six ! Tho economical breakfast is ? a secret worth knowing ; for out of scraps of calico in one box, and scraps of the local papers in another, Mr Heller, by a rapid process, converts them into hot coffeo with milk ad libitum, and sugar, prime loaf sugar, in profusion. This beverage was handed round in tiny cups and saucers to convince the ladies that there was really no deception whatever. The second part was a musical treat of the highest order. Mr Heller sat clown to his, splendid 220 guinea grand Erard piano-, forte, and drew from it first a fantasia and airs from La Sonnambula. In this thero secmed to float out an ocean of wild melody, over which the airs were distinct, and tho wailing sound formed an accom paniment grand and changefulas the music which every musical ear i'aneics when lis tening to the sound of tho sea in motion on a rock-bound coast. Tho variations on« ' The Last Rose of Summer,' wore nu merous and very beautiful, buttowards the close the instrument seemed converted from a piece of mechanism into the plain tive tones of a sweetly melodious human voice. Nothing could possibly have been more perfect, and wo must confess we never heard tho truo powers of the pianoforte brought out until this occasion. Tho performance was received with the most rapturous ap plause. The musical section was wound up with a rather libellous production on tho musical young lady element, libellous . all tho more on account of its truthfulness. The acting of Mr Heller in this little bit , of musical burlesque was cquisite. Mr Heller must have studied young ladies of tho Miss Adclgcsa Tompkins-: stamp, as Buffon studied the characteris tics of other species of natural history. Tho third part was properly entitled ' Mystery.' This is hypcrnatural vision' by Mr Heller and his sister, MissHaydee Heller. Miss Heller, a very graceful young lady, was blindfolded, and Mr Heller informed the audience that his sister and not he had all the sight-seeing to do. They migjit think, and some did, that she had nothing to do but to sit there and look pretty, while he did all the rest by ventriloquism. He would prove that impossible, and Miss Heller did so, as the tones of her gentle voice were frequently heard in reply, while Mr Holler was. speaking in his usual strong, manly manner. Miss Heller's powers were tested in every way, by asking her to describe articles touched or pointed to by Mr Heller, who ranged away amongst the audience to tho extreme end of the hall. All sorts of coins with dates, keys, pencils, opera-glassos, handkerchiefs, flowers, bank notes, with numbers, everything from a doll tp a small elephant, tobacco, cigars, a piece, of a pipo, a piece of a match, every article — rare, curious, elegant, or common — were pointed at to test Miss Heller's, second sight, and all were more minutely described by her than they could have been by the very owners of them. This is the grand wonder oi the day, this hyper- . natural vision, and it is utterly useless to attempt to account for it on any natural laws known to the multitude. Mr Heller placed a handkerchief in his mouth, took up a hat in which some dozen articles had. been placed, did not speak but merely held them up in turn, snapping his fingers at each cxnibit, when Miss Holler instantly named and. described it, and a few of the last she described right off without waiting even for a signal. The last wonder is the optical illusion more wonderful than Professor Pepper's ghost— Heller's or Monsieur Gabriel's marble bust, which is brought to life by a draught of Heller's magical clixer vita. The bust stands ou the table. It is apparently lifeless as marble, but on. receiving the draught it beams with intelligence, its eyes follow Monsieur Gabriel everywhere ; it moves its marble head, it speaks, it drinks, at last Mr Helleramvcs.ejectsMonsieur Gabriel and requests the marble head to sing to his own accompaniment on the piano. The his toiy of the bust is done very nicely, but we have not space for this lyrical story ; and advise all who can to go and hear the melody, and witness the mystery, the magic, the wonders of the greatest living sorcerer, Mr Robert Heller. 