BABYLONIANISM. We now proceed to trace the actual connexion between the Babylonish system and Rome, When the Etrurians emigrated into Italy, from Lydia, they brought with them a religion and rites cor responding with the Chaldes mysteries, as is clearly shown by their celebrated monuments, a Their images of the queen of heaven per fectly agree with the early representations of the Romish Madonna, both in figure and costume, .and several of the old Etrurian images are worshipped at this day as Madonnas. This people, at a very early period after their arrival, had set up in Etruria a Pon- tifexMaximus or supreme pontiff, who with them was above all law, and exercised a veto upon all proposed laws and measures which he considered displeasing to the Deity. He was head of the priesthood, and had the power of life and death of them. From the time of Ruma, the Romans (Rome being in Etruria) had accepted the supreme pontiff as their civil chief. Julius Caisar, the first emperor, was made supreme pontiff on the death of Metellus, having been previously made priest of Jupiter at the age of sixteen, and becom ing heir to all the rights, powers, and titles of Attains the Pontiff. King of Pergamos, who had made Rome hie heir by will, the Roman emperor became also the head of the Babylonian priest hood, the supreme pontiff of the queen of heaven. In the year 218 a.d., the Roman army quartered in Syria, having rebelled against Macrinus for having kept them encamped during the whole winter, unanimously elected emperor Helioga- balus the high priest of Cybele, at Hierapolis, Ho was shortly afterwards chosen supreme pon tiff by the Romans, and thus did all the western branches of the Babylonian apostacy centre in the Roman Emporor. The first act of the new Em peror Heliogabalus (one of the greatest monsters that ever disgraced humanity), was to declare himself a fresh incarnation of Assarac, and to proclaim himself and his mother, the queen of heaven, the alone objects of worship. He pro ceeded to the capital with the image of the god dess, and henceforth the Assyrian Queen or Babylonian harlot Astarte took the position at Rome which had previously been occupied by Jupiter. The Emperor of Rome continued to exercise the office of supreme pontiff tiU the year 378, when the Emperor Gratian refused to attire himself in poutiiicial vestments, "Ho justly observed," says Milner, "that as the whole nature af the office was idolatrous, it became not a Ghristian to assume it," and he not only de clined to perform the duties of the office himself, but refused to appoint even a deputy, as his pre decessor Valentinian had done. Religious mat ters soon became so disorganised that it was found absolutely necessary to elect some one to fill the office from amongst- the people. Two individuals wore recommended to the emperor for the office of supreme pontiff : Symmachus, the prince of the senate who had previously acted as deputy for Valentinian ; and St. Damasus, then the so- called Chri.stian bishop of Rome. 6 This Damasus had been put forward in 366 for the bishopric of Rome, by the Assyrian and Egyptian monks of Mount Carmel, a college of Babylonian worship origi nally founded by the priests of Jezebel, long before the birth of Christ, and in actual existence at this day as a religious house in connexion with Rome. c His election was distinguished by the slaughter of three hundred faith ful Christians who opposed the measure. In the year 378 this same Damasus was declared Ponti- fex Maximus or supreme pontiff, a title which the Pope of Rome retains to this hour. The imperial edict, conferring the pontificate is to be found in the Appendix to the Code of the Empe ror Theodosius, in which it is declared that the new high priest of religion should be sole judge of religious matters, and that sacred things shall only be decided by priests. This man, Damasus, now united in himself the office of a Christian bishop, and all the rites, titles, and power of the high priesthood of Astarte, the queen of heaven, the Babylonian harlot. Satan had triumphed, the Church which could not be overthrown, had now been successfully corrupted, A grand alliance was now formed. All were amalgamated, and henceforeh there need be no disunion. Men had only to worship the queen of heaven under the name of Mary, and to call her child by the name of Jesus. The pries of the goddess had long been preparing the people for this measure, and had loudly proclaimed that the third person in the Holy Trinity, once revealed in Astarte, d — had again become incarnate in the Virgin Mary, and bo widely had these views obtained,, that at the Council of Nice, held some years previously, imder Constantine, in the year 325,' the Melchite portion of the Council maintained that the three: persons in the Trinity were the Father, the Vir- Virgin Mary, and their Son. e At this council, the faithful remnant of Christian men, anxious to secure the recognition of the Gedhead of the Lord Jesus Christ, in opposition to the Aria, refrained from attacking the Melchite section, who held the Virgin to be divine, and their success was only secured by accepting the aid of such fearful allies. "We cannot describe the lamentable results which fol lowed such a confederacy better than by quoting Dr. Newman's own words, in his Essay on Deve- vient e — " The Arian question opened a contro versy it did not settle. It discovered a new sphere, if we may so speak, to the words of light to which the Church had not yet assigned its inhabitant. Then there was a wonder in heaven ! a throne was seen far above all created, mediatorial, inter cessory, a title a crown bright as the morning star — a glory issuing from the eternal throne — robes pure as the heavens, and a sceptre over all. And who was the predestinated heir of this majesty? Wlio was that wisdom, and what was her name ? The mother of love and fear, and holy hope, exalted like a palm-tree in Engeddi, and a rose plant in Jericho, created, from the beginning before the world in God's councils, and in Jerusalem was her power ! The vision was found in the Apocalypse, a woman clothed with the sun, and with the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars. 'The votaries of Mary do not exceed the true faith, unless the blasphemers of her Son come up to it. The Church of Rome is not idolatrous unless Arainism is orthodoxy." (p. 403.) Truly did the beloved disciple say, " Even now there are many antichrists, whereby we know that it is the last time. " Truly did the Apostle Paul write of his day, " The mystery of iniquity doth already work," There was no new scheme, but the old apostacy still at work It was some of the old leaven which had been hid by a woman--or church, in three measures of meal , by which simile I understand the good and wholesome material of spiritual food for the soul in the glorious truths concerning the eternal Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. "We have referred to the monks of Mount Car mel. There had existed at Mount Carmel, long before the birth of Christ, a college of priests. The Romanists says, they were disciples of Elijah and Elisha ; but let us remember those men stood alone in their day and generation ; therefore it is not likely that they should have founded a college. There is little doubt that the college belonged to the idolatrous priests of Baal and Ashtaroth, who ate at Jezebel's table. "The prophets of Baal four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves, four hundred." (1 Kings xviii. 19.) "We also find the names of these two idols coupled together in holy scripture, at a very early period in Israel's history ; as for instance (Judges ii. 13) — " Tliey forsook the Lord, and served Baal and Ashtaroth." These names evi dently signify, Baal, the supreme father or lord ; and Ashtaroth, the queen of heaven. In the second century after the birth of Christ, a man named Basilides was the high priest of this order at Mount Carmel. Ho was a man of profound knowledge, and first astrologer of the day. All the Chaldoe leaders were magicians, as we learn from the Book of Daniel, for wo find that Nebu chadnezzar sent to consult them about his dream. Basilides say the progress of the Gospel ; it could not bo overturned (he thought), but it might bo corrupted. Hence he proposed, like our Broad Churche dreamers of the present day, to bring about an ftiuanco oi an sbccb ano wno could unite in one common form of worship, without regard to the peculiar views which each might entertain. Basilides and his followers now joined themselves to the Christian Church. They thus secured a share in the election of pastors and bishops; and the worshippers of the queen of heaven could now, by exercising judicious re serve, slowly, but surely, introduce their doctrines. Henceforth no couegation could tell whether the pastors were worshippers of the queen of heaven, or believers in the God of the Bible ; and no minister could tell whether or not the deacon or deacons of the church, or the most influential persons in his congregation, were wor shippers of Astarte or Jesus Christ. The same part was thus played in the second and third cen turies which was afterwards played by the J esuits in the sevouteeth century, at the period of Refor mation, who pretending to be Episcopalians in one place, Presbyterians and Independents in other places, as best suited their purposes, disse minated their own views without suspicion. Is not this very much the case in our ovn day ? Are not the present enemies of the Gospel those who creep in unawares into churches and congre gations, insinuate themselves, and finally over turn and upset everything, — nothing pew, but the same old working of the mystery of iniquity ? Basilides was joined in his profound scheme by one Ammonius Sacchus, a Greek by birth. f. He had settled at Alexandria, and was the first philosopher and inetaphysiciau of the day, deeply skilled in human nature, by iutercourse , with mankind and experience. He was benevolent and well meaning ; but alas ! here was the failure he was altogether ignorant of divine truth, by divine teaching. At length, this, mighty philosopher applied to be admitted into the Christian Church at Alexandria. He was received, and became, the instructor of the Christian children of Alexandria. The chief characteristic of this man's teaching was its defectiveness. He had only got at the husk, and he know nothing of the kernel. The most distinguished of his pupils was the celebrated Origen. He had been sent early in life to Chaldea., where he studied and became initiated in the highest mysteries of the Assyrian apostacy. On returning to Alexandria, he became head of the school, and finally bishop. During the reign of, the Emperor Alexander Seyerus, himself, a member of the Orient apostacy, the whole weight of Origen's talents and influence was directed to aid the emperor in his design of uniting all creeds in one at Rome ; and with a view to -this end, he prevailed upon the emperor to add the name of Christ to the number of the gods. Origen then immediately changed his own name originally Admantus, adopting that of Origen, which sigmfies the son or offspring of Horus or, Assarac. Suffbce it -say that the views of Basilides were successfully advocated and enforced by the then- so-called fathers of the Church, Clement of Alexandia, Basil, Origen, and both the Gregories. They were entirely successful ; yet these are the men of whom many falsely called Protestants boast, and from whose 'writings they seek to obtain testimony, instead of turning to the unerring Word of the living God. We fully believe, that with tho exception of Augustine, the whole of the men called Fathers, from the commencement of the fourth century downwards, were corrupt and dangerous writers, and the seeds of all errors arc moreover found in all the earlier writers after the apostles themselves. From the moment that Origen lent himself to tho Emperor Alexander Serverus, in his attempt to coumiue all creeds in one, from that moment the distinctive doctrines of the Gospel ceased to be taught generally. Even the Trinity of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and tho atone ment were no longer spoken of. The Second Advent of Christ and His future kingdom were denied ; the resurrection of the body was ex plained away, and magic was maintained to be a true and lawful science. The conspiracy triumphed under the pontificate of Damasus, raised to that position by the introduction of such men and teaching as we have just referred to, into tho Christian Church. The worship of the Virgin was everywhere set up in the year 381 ; moreover, Damasus is said to have imme diately after enforced it throughout his domi nions. Mary was everywhere worshipped as the mother of God, the queen of heaven. Sir Isaac Newton states, that at the close of tho fourth century, the worship of the queen of heaven, had superseded tho worship of Christ throughout the Roman empire. Gibbon considers the system of Virgin worship as established throughout the Roman empire in the fourth century. The Romanists themselves admit that the worship of Mary was enacted by the Council of Constanti nople 391, and universally sanctioned by the expulsion from tho Church of all who refused it, in tho year 431, when tho faith of that Church was finally established at tho Council of Ephesus. Under Damasus the heathen temples were restoied and beautified, and the rituals re established. One point alone was insisted upon, namely, that the many -named goddesses should henceforth he called Mary. Thus the queen of heaven occupied the place of the Lord Jesus Christ in the professedly Christian Church at Rome. The faithful loudly opposed this ; they declared their hope and expectation to be, that the Lord Jesus Christ would speedily return, take to Himself His great power, and reign and set up His everlasting kingdom. Damasus declared that the millennium had already com menced, and expelled from the Church as heretics all who looked for Christ's second advent and kingdom. In tho East, things for a time were a better appearance. According to Dr. Newman, the school of Antioch was practi cally Protestant ; but at length arose Gregory the Thaumaturgus, and proclaimed that the queen of heaven had appeared to him, and miraculously instructed him to go forth and preach her worship. He did so with all signs, lying wonders, and magical performances. He used reserve, he spoke mysteriously and eloquently. This plan succeeded. All the world went after him. He proposed to be re ceived in the Church at Alexandria and the Church not only received him, but made him bishop, though unbaptised and wholly ignorant of God's Word. In one day he was baptised, confirmed, ordained, and consecrated bishop. The emperor alone was armed ; he appointed Nestorious head of the school at Antioch, in order to check the progress of the apostacy. However ignorant on other points, we know not or care not, certain it is Nestorious has been stigmatised as a heretic by Rome. (A common device nowadays with the enemy, respecting men whose teaching damages their craft, and is according to truth.) But at all events, he directed men's minds from tho Virgin to her Son. He declared that she was not the mother of God, that her Son only derived His human nature from her, and that, although blessed above all other women she was but a woman still ; in other words, he denied that God had become incarnate in the person of the Virgin ; he denied the old Chaldea and then Romish doctrine, that the Virgin, and not her Son, should bruise the serpent's head. Tho bishops, clergy, and people were excited. Tho Emperor called a council, which assembled at Ephesus, and in the year 431 Nestorious was expelled from the Church, and the worship of tho Virgin was established in the eastern branch of the Roman empire, as it had formerly been in the West. Solemn curses were pronounced upon all who refused to worship tho goddess, and the festival of her assumption into heaven was imposed upon the falsely called Church of Christ to be observed throughout the empire on tho 8th September. Tho Romish Book of Devo tions to our Lady of Mount Cannel, h styled in it the queen of heaven establishes beyond all ques tion tho identity of the worship of ancient Babylon and modern Rome— the identity of the corruption of original Revelation amongst Pagans with the Paganised Christianity of Papists. The Devotion Book tells us that St. Bonaven- tura puts no other bounds to the power of Mary than the Almighty power of God Himself. And St. Peter Damain represents her as approaching the throne of mercy not as a supplicant, but as a sovereign less to pray thau to command. May He who can alone do so, open many ears to hear this plain statement of facts ; and open mauy eyes to see and distinguish between things that differ ; and open many hearts to His voice who says to those in Babylon, " Come out of her, my people, that ye bo not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Concluded. Ministkr's Salary. — The tmsteea of a cer tain church in the western part of Pennsylvania, having fallen in arrear with tho mmister's salary for six months, determined to pay him up "jin trade." They waited on him, and after the family had gathered around, tho president said, " Mr. Jones, wo have a very pleasant duty to perform, and one, no doubt, you are much in terested in. We have come to remunerate you for your labours in our church for the last six months — in fact we have brought you your salary. Mr. Smith, just undo Mr. Jones's salary, and hand it to him." Smith did as re quested, and handed Mr. Jones the following — 'Ten feet of store-pipe, two papers of corn-starch, one felt hat, three kegs of varnish, one paper collar, four palm-leaf fans, and two bundles of shingles. At tho sight of fhese Jones became raving mad. The trustees wore ejected throuch the window-sash, and all the family immediatdy vanished. (Dn Monday, Matthew Trayner, aged 14, was accidentally drowned while bathing at the Corporation baths. A party of ten iindertakers went to the Derby upon a hoarse drawn by four black horses. 