MR. CHARLES CLARK'S ADDRESS TO TIE ELECTORS OF WARWICK We have been favoured by the proprietors of the Examiner and Times with the following report of Mr. Clark's address: On Saturday afternoon last a large meeting of the electors of Warwick was held at the court-house to hear the member for Warwick expound his political opinions. The room was full, and several persons had to stand on the verandah, where, through the open windows, they could hear the address. As Mr. Clark was absent from the colony at the time of his election, and had not behad up to that time an opportunity of meeting the electors, considerable importance was attached to his speech, and it was listened to atten tively tiroughout, occupying nearly an hour in its delivery. His Worship the Mayor (Nr. S. Evenden) occupied the chair, and opened the meeting by briefly stating its object. Mr. Clark then came forward and said he had re quested the electors to meet him that day in fulfilment of a promise made in his behalf when they elected him as their representative. In the first place he must thank them for the honour thley had done him in returning him without his having an opportunity of ceanvaesing personally, or being able to let them know what his views were upon the mostimportant questions of the day. Having elected him under such circum stances, it showed what confidence the electors placed in him, and he could assure them that if anything would be an incentive to him to exert himself more on their behalf than he should always havefeltbound to do, it would be the exceptional manner in which they had elected iim. Before entering upon those important sub jects which were agitating men's mindsehe would allude briefy to something that had occurred at the election. He did so with great reluctance, but he felt that he ought not to pass the matter over in silence. He alluded to the disturbance which took place after the declaration of the poll. He was in Tasmania when he heard of it, and he was very much pained to think that he should have been, even indirectly, the cause of any dieturbsnce, and he trusted that those who were the cause of it, would have seen the folly of acting as they did, and refrain from doing so again. They migatde pend upon it that they had done more harm to them selves by such onduct than to anybody else. However, he would not dwell upon this painful subject. He would rather let bygones be bygones, and in dismissing it he could assure them that, as for as he was personally concerned, he should always do all he could to promote good feeling in the community. The firstquestionhe would touch upon was the railway question. They were aware that the dissolution of Parliament took place in consequence of the conduct of the Opposition with regard to this question. The Opposition said "Unless you agree to the railway between Ipewibch and Brisbane being made we will allow no other busi ness to be gone on with." The Opposition were wrong. That, he considered, was not the way in which a minority ought to act. If It always did (and if it was right in one case it would be right in all)legislation would be an impossibility. The Government had two courses open to it, either to resign and let the Opposition take office (in which case the Opposition could not have carried on the Government not having a majority), or to appeal to the country. The latter alternative was adopted. It had delayed the business of the country, put it to great expense, and the result apparently was that the Go vernment would meet the House with (for the size of it) a larger majority. With regard to the Opposition he did not believe for a moment that they cared one jot about the railway to Brisbane being made. If they had really cared about it why did they not make it a 3Ministerial question when they were in power. In his opinion the ohly reason why they insisted upon it so persistently was to raise a cry which would em barrass the Government, and, perhaps, drive them from that ofice which they (the Opposition) oereted. This would always be the case as long as needy poli ticians were returned who could not live without ofice-they cared for nothing but the loaves and fishes. For he (Mr. Clark's) part be bad always been in fprour of the railway being finished to Brisbane. When the railway was first thought of he said that it ought to begin at Briabane, and he was laughed at. Ipswibch, it was said, was the head of the navigation, and consequently the railway must begin there. The fact was that the Ministry of the day was returned by Ipswich, and they thought that they would be doing wonders for their constituents by making the railway to end at Ipswieh. What had the result been but ruination to the town. He (Mr. Clark) would inform them that he was prepared to vote for the exten sion of the railway from Ipswich to Brisbane pro viding it was going to be properly and honestly made. Great care must be taken to ascertain which was the correct.route, and that must be taken and no other. The survey must not be made to suit people who have land for which they want large compensation, but in the interests of the country which has to pay for the railway. Unless the railway is to be made as he had described, with that absence of jobbery and corruption which had eharac terised the making of the railways now in existence in this country, he (Mr. Clark) would vote against it. Before he concluded he would show them how the country had been robbed, and how the confidence which the people placed in their representatives had been abused, and then he thought they would agree with him that he should not be justified in voting for this railway unless he felt convinced that the people would get value for their money. He would now give them a sketch of the history of the Queeneland rail ways autriefly as possible. In l863 Mr. Herbert was Colonial Secretarpy, and had returned from a visit to England with information concerning some cheaep lines of railway that lhad been constructed in Sweden and India, and considered that they were worthy of imita tion here. About that time Mr. Robert Tooth visited Queensland,contomplating the formation of a company to make a railway to the Downs. Unfortunately he was accompanied by a man who would always be cele brated in the annals of Queensland--one Abrahams Fitzglbbon. Tlic readers of Queensland history a hundred years hence will wonder at the gullibility of their ancestors. It would be quite impossible for him (Mr. Clark) on this occasiou to give a de tailed history of our unfortunate railways, but he hoped to give a sucfiient insight into the way in which they were made to put them on their guard against being robbed for the future. Mr. Fitzgibbon stated that the railway could be made for £4000 per mile, and he (Mr. Clark) might eay that upon that mere as sertion thley were undertaken. Had the eactual cost been known they would never have been undertaken. Without making any surrey, but after simply riding over'the ground, Mr. Fitzgibbon gave the following estimate:--The line from Ipswich to Toowoomba was to cost £617,340 13s., or £8951 per mile ; from Too woomba to Dalby, £279,349 ls., or £5587 per mile; and from Toowoomba to Warwick, £329,467 1te., or £5990 per mile. They would remark the increase in the estimates from £4000 to £8951 in one case, £5587 in another, and £5990 in another. In submitting these estimates Mr. Fitogibbon said that he believed they would be considerably reduced by carejbl survey. Mr. Fitogibbon asserted that the railways must pay, and to prove this he estimated the traffe between Ips wich and Dalby at 10,000 tone per annum, and the passengers at 3893 per day. He (Mr. Clark) believed he was within the mark when he said that the paying passenger trafe did not exceed 20 per day upon the whole of the southern lines. From Toowoomba to Warwick the return was to be much greater. Mr. Fitzgibbon finally concluded that the yearly income on tile main line would be £113,000, and working expenses in the trafflic assumed £60,000, leaving a net profit of £58,000 to pay about 6 per cent. upon the estimated cost. Upon such a report, and that alone, the Railway Bill was advocated in the Assembly, and carried through all its stages. Mr. Fitcgibbon appears to have been most uunfortunate in all his enlculatione, and ic the end these railways cost £800,090 more than hie estimate i in fact, they cost a greet deal more tlhan that, for there was loss of interest, &e.; It might be fairly said that our railways alone--northern ic d soutuern--had cost the country, in round numbers, two millions and a half of money, aned that they not only did not pay, but that the country was losing by them at the rate of £600 per mile per annum, or about £128,000, which had to come out of thie pockets of the people. For doing this Mr. Fitcgibbon was paid the immense sum of £85,000. Besides this gentleman, another had some thig to do with the construction of our railways, and that was Sir Charles Fox. Of course an agent in England was required, and upon Mr. Fitogibbon's recommendation Sir C. For was appointed agent, with a commission of 5 per cent., which was afterwards reduced to 8j per cent. As might have been expected, the appointment did not give gir.t eatisfaction, he having mn some cases sent out engines that would not work. What amount of money he screwed out of the people of this unfortunate colony would never be known. An immense amount of woodwork was actually sentfrom Englandwhioh could have been made in the colony, and there was enough material lying at Ipswioh now to build another station as large as the ene there. All this, of course, swelled the amount of Sir Charles For's orders, and, consequently, the amount of Ilis commission. Perhaps the electoras would say, why did he (Mr. Clark) give them ah these dry fcts ? He would tell them. To many who, ~ere listening to him no doubt all this was well known, but he wee sore that there were some who were not acquaintdl with the subject, and it was for their information that he gave these details. It was requisite that the peoplle should know how thoey have been governed in order to guard against maladministration for the future. Tihe people had this matter entirely in their own hands, and upon their choice of men to represent them depended thle future of the country. There was one important matter connected with these railways which he ought not to omit mentionieg. By a railway is supposed a line with stations and termini. A railway without a terminus would be an absurdity. But it was a fact that our railways were surveyed without it being known where they were to end by thle general public. However, certain individuals found them selves possessed at the proper time of land required for stations, or in immediate contiguity to them, and reaped a large profit by the transaction. One man bought land for £35 per acre, and sold it to the Go vernment for £200 per acre. One member of the Assembly received nearly £6500, being at the rate of £250 per acre. He thought he need hardly say any thing more upon this distressing subject, beyond pointing out the jobbery that went on not far from Warwick. How stone quarries that were not wanted or used were bought at an enormous price, and large sums of money paid for land not worth £2 per acre. (Hear, and laughlter.) Intimately connected with the Brisbane and Ipswichl railway is the ruilway to the north end the question of separation. We have been neglecting the north for years, and the time has arrived when we must (even if we have no sense of justice and act only from selfish motives) either do justice to the north or lose it. For years we have been drawing a large revenue from the north, and have not returned a fair share in the shape of ex penditure. Millions have been squandered by our shortsightedly southern politicians, and as a bribe to the north to keep quiet, we gave them a miserable thirty miles of railway, which is of hardly any use to them. He (Mr. Clark) must confess that be sympa thised with the north; that although he should be sorry to see separation (which he really thought would be a bad thing at present Tor both north and south), he could not blame them for trying to get loose from the south, and from the wretchedly selfish distribution of public money. If the railway from Ipswich to Brisbane were made, it must follow as a matter of course that the northern line from Westwood to Ex pedition Range would have to be made also. And it would be a question for the people of this colony to de cide whether, in the face of our present financial posi tion, it would be wise to borrow any more money. He conusidered the question of separation the most im portant one they would have to deal with, and that the future of this colony depended upon the manner in which this question would be treated by the present Parliament. If senaration took place now, the line would be most probably drawn to the soubth of Rock' hampton, and ifanybody would takethe map ofQueens land, he would see that the south would be left a very small colony indeed, with an enormous debt of over four millions, the interest of which we simply could not pay and carry on the Government of the colony too. We should be cut off from the great gold and copper producing districts from whichl such a large revenue was derived and which would, he believed, eventually prove the richest gold-fields that had ever been found in Australia, besides the best of the sugar growing country said immense tracts of pastoral coun try. Separatiou now meant ruin to the south and not much good to the north, for the north had not suffi cient population yet to form another colony to advan tagse. It is the duty of the Legislature to stave off separation as long as possible by conciliating-that is by doing justice to thenorth. Separation would come sooner or later, but if we could put off the evil day for ten or a dozen years, the blow woeld fall all the lighter. There was one subject which was, he considered, next to separation, the most important question of the day, and that was the financial position of the colony. On reading tile speeches of aspiring candidates at thle lute elections he was surprised that none (at least in this part of the colony) touched upon our financial posl tion. He (Mr. Clark) did not hesitate to say that he considered that the colony was in a very bad position. Our general expenditure was nearly £8 per head of the population, whilst that of the wealthy colony of Victoria, which .embraced many and exten sive objects not included in ours, did not reach £5 fs. per head of the population. And the average pub lic expenditure per head of Great Britain durng the last ten years had been under £2 7s. per annum, while our Customs taxation alone in 1869 was rather more than £3 per head. Was there ever such crushing tanation ! No country on the face of the earth had to pay such taxes in proportion to its population, and that they are able to exist at all under such a burden showed how greatthe energy and industry of the people were and the wonderful resources of the country. The colony had, by most reckless mismaeagement, drifted into a position from which we ought to extricate it as quickly as possible, if we had any wish to see the coun try prosper during our lives. We had borrowed large sums of money, for which we hlad to pay interest, which we had spent upon unproductive works, and which, consequently, were bringing us in nothing. We had spent £966,000 upon importing immigranto, many of whom had gone to the other colonies. No country can absorb more than a certain number of immigrants in a given time, and we had been inundating the port of Brisabane with thousandsof immigranta quite beyond our power of absorption. The consequence had been that man; had left for the other colonies. This suited the Brisbane shopkeepers very well, because some money was spentin their town, but it did not suit us. It mas satisfactory to know that matters were managed differently now. He was in savour of immigration, and should like to seeo the country teeming with popu lation, but immigration like everything else could not be forced. In few words he was in favour of assist ing those living in the country to bring out their friends. Thlese immigrants would have a home togo to upon their arrival, and somebody to show them the ropes. We were selling our lands, the security upon which we borrowed our money, and were spending the proceeds us general revenue. In fact we were kill ing the goose for the sake of ier eggs. The deficiency mi our revenue had been at the rate of £37,000 per annum for tile ten years from 1859 to 1869, and during thie last four years of that time £55,000 per annum. The consequence of all this was that the colony was groaning under a load of taxation which damped our energies and sapped the foundations of our prosperity. The remedy in hIis (Mr. Olark's) opinion for all this wase to return members to the Legislative Assembly pledged to support no Govern ment that would not bring the expenditure within the income; and no treasurer would do this until be was forced. The Colonial Treasurer must be told that unless he can so adjuethis expenditure thlat it will not exceed the revenue, he must vacate his offee end make room for a better man. These deficeits would not be tolerated ie England, and why should we toler ate them here P For his part be was not pledged to support any set of men, but hle should give a general support to the present Ministry, believing them to be the most honest Government Queensland ieas yet Iead. His opinion of the Opposition was not a high one. He did not know what he might think of them upon closer acquaintance, but at present he looked upon them as unserupulous, and their con duct on the railway question (although he had told them he was in favour of the making of that railway) was bad, and showed to what length they were pro pared to go to obtain oflice. He had given them a plain unvarnished tale, tedious, perhaps, to some, and doubtless decient in some respects. Buthe consi dered it ilis duty to place these matters before the electors, and if he hlad omitted to touch on any sub ject upon which they required his opinion, whens he lhad nishled speaking he would be happy to answer any question that might be put to him. He must, however, mention one thing before he finished, aeed that was what Str. Morgan had said about him at the last electiou. Mr. Morgan stated that he would say nothing againEst him (Str. Clerk) as he was absent, but he would read some evidence which hle gave before a certain committee, commonly called the "Dumemy Committee," which he no doubt tlhoughlt would be a erushling blow for him. IHe (Mr. Clark) was afroid his opponent was disappointed. That evidence he should hlave no objection to read to them hlimself ifhe had it here and they wished to hear it. It was per fectly true, and if hle had to give the same evidence over again he should give it in pretty nearly the same words. All he could say to Hr. Morgan was that it was very easy for an unscrupulous man to blacken the character ol'another, as no lie came amiss to him. [Mr. Mlorgan hero interrupted the proceedings by rising to order in an agitated mauner.3-Mr. Clark continued : But, generally speaking, some of thle mud that he throws stinke to his own fingers. If Mr. Slor gan would say openly in his paper what he had il sinuated repeatedly, that be (Charles Clark) had acequised one single aore of land illegally by a proceses called dummmying, and was a suborner of dummiers, he would meet him (Mr. Morgan) in the Supreme Court without a moment's delay, and there o jury of their countrymen could decide between them; and unless he was prepared to do this the sooner he held his tongue the better. Mr. blark thanked the eloetore fr the attention with wthich they had listeoed to him, sod concluded by In,.inc a vote of thoanks to the ,hairnlmn. Mr. Marshall seca ,1..I the resolution, and it was carried. The Chairman brielr rilurned thanks, after which hoe stated that if any oae present had any questions to ask, Mr. Clark was preparedto answer them. There being no questions put to the member for Warwick, the meeting was dissolved. At length Bockhampton has a ghost story of its own. There is a house in Blank- street, which some months ago was the scene of a homicidal crime. It has since been occupied, "semi-occasionally," by courageous persons at a reduced rental. But none of them could efeictually dispute the supremacy of the ghost, or give to any other agency thitan a spiritual medium the credit of mysterious tappings which made night anxiousto the unhappy occupants. Recently a veteran colonist, who was in want of a good house, east his longing eyes on the haunted dwelling, and, though warned against the companionship of its disagreeable inmate, he forth with concluded an advantageons bargain with the agent. Until Tuesday night iS. Veteran was not troubled, and began to think the traditionary ghost little better than a shadowy legend; but on that evening, being somewhat distressed by'the heat, he sat up until after midnight, contemplating the cloods-of tobacco issuing from his meerachaum-when lo ! a light and cautious foot placed itself on the verandah, and stealthily approached the room in which Veteran was enjoying his osium, in an atmosphere of semi darkness. A moment after a figure appeared in the doorway, which brought Veteran on his hind legs, and induced him to greet his visitor with a forcible but impolite expletive and an uplifted stick. The gh'ost hearing the former, did not wait to feel tile weig!ht of the latter, but bolted with the fleetness ofa greyhlound. Mr. Veteran had prepared a heavy chargeo of duck-- hdt for last night, and intended to sit up religiously for his mysterious visitor, but we had Ieard of nothing fanguinary up to the hour of our going to press this mornisg.-Communicated to the Balletin. Members of the Roman Catlholic Church will be glad to hear that the Rev. Father Hely has been finally appointed to the Peak Downs. We are not aware whether he will reside in Clermont or Copperfield, but with the assistance of another priest he will take charge of the spiritual welfare of the whole distriect. We bear a movement will be initiated at once to gets house built for him-an object to whlich all denomi nations will readily contribute. Mass will be cele. brated on Sunday as stated in our advertising columns. -Peak Dorns Telegram. DEATH OF DEne SUoXEB.-The Very Rev. Jeoseph Charles Sumner, Dean of St. Mary's Cathedral, an aged and much respected clergyman of the Roman Catholi0 Ohurch, died at Subiaco, near Parramatta, on Tuesday morning last, the 17th instant. This gentleman-who was in the 72nd year of his age and the 35th of his priesthood-was a native of England, and educated at Downside College, where he made his profession s a Benedictine monk. He came out to this couhtry (in deacon's orders) with Archbishop Polding in the yes~r 1885, and was ordained a priesst by that prelate in the following year-being the firat clergyman advanoed to full orders in the Roman Catholic Church in Aoustralia. The Rev. Mr. Sumner first followed his vocation ass clergyman at St. Mary's, in Sydney, and he?subse quently fulfilled his pastoral duties as the clergyman in charge at Penritb, at Appin, at Wollongong, at Sf. Patrick's, Sydney, and at St. Patrick'e, Parramatta. Some of the Roman Catholic churches at these several localities were, for the most part, built daring his pastoral charge, and others were completed. Aftet labouring long amongst his own people, and earning the respect ofalldenominations, the Ree. J. C. Sumner (who was the titular Dean of St. Mary's) found him self, about four years since, from his advanced age and increasing infirmities, snable to continue to discharge his clerical duties, and paid a visit to England to re cruit his ebxhausted energies and enfeebled health. He returned to the colony after about twelve months' absence, and has since resided at Subiaco a confirmed invalid, but performing from time to time as mulch clerical duty as his health would permit. He said mass for the last time on Sunday, the 15th instant, and on the evening of that day was taken dangerously ill. He died about thirty-six hours afterwards. Dean Snpmner's funeral took place at Subioco, and was at tended by tile Archbishop and thirty-three of his clergy. A dirge and requiem muss was sung. Tile body of the Dean is buried in the mortuary chapel of the Subinaco convent, end rests near the coffin of his old friend, fellow-student, and diocesan, Bishop Davis.--Sydney Morning Herald. TacE Co?M'BT OF BT. JocEPs, AoELs.DE.-An aceount of the cireumstatnces attending the breaking up of the Institute of Saint Joseph at Adelaide is given in ,the Irisk Harp, 7th October. This journal relates that the institute was foundedby thle desire and with the sanction of the Catholie bishop. The direction of the institute was confided to theT Very Rev. J. E. T. Woods. A portion of the sisters was appointed to visit the gaols, anothler portion to the visitation ofthe hospitals, others again took charge of the orphans, and another section had the supervision of an institution called the Providence. In this last pilace are received persons who are really destitute, but who cannot be admitted into the Destitute Aeylusm. The internal government of tile institute was vested in a chapter, which had the sole power of deciding upon any goques tion which might he raised. In some cases a reference could be made to the bishop of tile diocese, and his decision was held to be final, provided it did not vio late the rules of the sisters. Tihe bishop (Dr. Sbiel) wished the sisters to accept a new rule and a new organ ization, but they declined, ansd thq sister guardian re fused to consent to removal to another' distriethouse." " She was then inlormed," says the Barey, "that the bishop intended to excomomunicate her. On the fol lowing day (22nd September) the bishop, accom panied by four priests, came to the convent, assembled the sisters, and pronounced the sentence of exom munication against her -thrusting her friendless and alone into the world. Some oftthe oIher sisters wished to share in the punishment, but Iris lordship confined his severity ,n that morning to expelling several of the professed sisters and novices, nearly all of them as friendless as their superiorces. Re sent them adrift into the world in their religious babits, without going through the form or ceremony of dispensing them from their vows. Fortunately they were ndt altogether without sympathy, and they bare been provided for. After this the bishop visited several of the outer dis tricts, endeavouring to persunade the sisters there to come under his new rule. He could not senoceed. Oat of the whole of the sisters one alone has given way a the rest adhere to their rule, and are being scattered - about the country. i'he result of this will be that the whole of tihe Catholic schools will be broken up, be cause there can be no sisters to take charge of them. The orphans will be thrown back on the hands of the Government, the Providence will be closed, and tbhe Befuge and other institutions will be done away with, because tbere will be no one to take charge of them." Go?rnINto tm or a Bonn.-" We have reeeived," says the Clues Gutardian, "the following character istic letter from one of our old and prompt-paying patrons:-'Please discoitinue my paper from the time I lhave paid up to. I do not stop the piper be cause I do not want 1t, but toget rid of an intolerable old bore that intrudes himself into my house, regard less of time or circumstances, to sit for on hIaour or two three or four times a week to read my papers, and who is a thousand times more able to take a dozen papers for himself than I am to takeone. If the nuis ance is stopped I shall send for the paper again.'" MARAVILLA COCOA.-Nobreakfast-tableiseom plee sithout thisdelicious beeroage.-The Globe says: "Various importers and manufacturers have ntlrmpted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success has been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravrlla' Cocoa. Adapt ing their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroma, they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocon in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of tile purest elrements of inutrition, distinguish the Mararilla Cocoa above all otihers. For hommopaths and isralids we could not recommend a more agreeable orraluable beverage." Sold, in packets only, by all grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brotlhers' Original IIommopathic Cocoa and Solubld Chocolate. Steam Mills-Brick-lane, London. Export Ohicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 89 