THE FLANEUR IX SYDNEY. These davs core cnly are printed to pass away before tbe rival factions cf Macqiinrk-street meet »g-sTT* in d^tdlv c-ondict- It will be deeply interest ing to observe the demeanour of the members as they tniti the House of Assin;bly. It i: always rattier fnsny to see a cow member come in, because he csmUs- looks about, ta the right and the left, and before an! behind, as if he w&b; in search of a place to depcti: his hi: in; bat in the present case, when cesbers who h^ve been long accustomed to sit cheek-by-jowl nnd their oM com panions scattered — their pbces knowing them no longer — it vdl be indeed a puzzler. I don't know whether you ire cr are not what is called a man of ?? moral courage.' If you are, perhaps you wouldn't mind walking into a church with a pipe or cigar in your mouth, in assertion of a principle, for really there would be nothing absolutely criminal in it ; but il must require a great deal of moral pluck to walk into a revolutionized Assembly and delitc rately pick out a new place for yourself, leaving a horrible chasm between you and your former asso ciates. However. I suppose that ail things will settle themselves down comfortably in the end, and wt phall know who is who before ♦ ''*» day month. Where does the money come from that is being used for our new fortifications r Mind you, if you please, I by no means propound the question in a carping or vexatious spirit ; but as it is often asked, and may be one of the earliest inquiries next week, eome little trouble may be saved, and some curiosity relieved, by mentioning what I hear — that under an old and almost forgotten local statute a sum of £3000 was made available for defensive purposes, and this amount is now fallen back upon. So it seems that our financial 'savings' are sot always absolutely mythical Talking of Parliament meeting very naturally reminds me of the torrent and tempest of words that we are doomed to undergo. I don't want to make invidious distinc tions where so many deserve honourable mention ; but the following, from an American paper, has been pointed out to me by a friend as peculiarly applica ble to— say one of the honourable members for Parramatta : The human lungs reverberate sometimes with great velocity. When windy Individuals indulge in much verbosity. They have to twirl the glottis siity thousand times a minute, And push and punch the diaphragm as though the deuce was In it. C'HOECS. The pharynx now goes up ; the laryni with a slam, Ejects a note from out the throat, Pushed by the diaphragm. I remember a certain Gagging Act of which there was once some unconstitutional talk ; but, reall}-, when one of our inveterate prosers rises in the House at about 2 in the mo ruing, it is enough to make one Tote for burking him. ?What is vulgarly known as body- Bnatehing'' is certainly a grave subject — forgive tnt ancient Joe Hfllerism — and I should be the last to seek to make fan of a matter so solemn and serious ; but there seems to be something awfully comic, or comically awful, about the alleged removal of the remains of a late public man, for the discovery of the perpetrator of which indecent outrage I perceive that a reward of £50 is offered in bast night's Gazette. Why should they thus have disturbed the dead 'i Tom Hood'b poor Mary seems to have been reasonable enough in her remonstrance : You thought the last of all my cares Would end with my hut minute, But when I west to my long home I didn't stay long in it ; Foi the body-snatchers they have come And made a snatch at me ; ft's very hard them kind of folks Can't let a body be ! It was Marshal Saxe, was it not, who was called up from the other side of the ^big river by Sohroeppfur, to satisfy the curiosity of Prince Charles, and who announced his arrival by bowling his head along the floor of the apartment, while hu demanded, in sepulchral tones, ' Karl, Kari, was wait wolt mich ':' My German is awfully defective, and I don't know that this quotation is quite correct. Besides, the ghost himself, or rather tho ghost's head, or the ghost of a head, may have been excusable if he partly for got his mother tongue, in the hurry and confusion o£ such .a sudden appearance. Be this as it may, the piece of body-snatching referred to in the Gazette is undoubtedly a scandal to tho com munity, and tho question whether it really occurred or not ought to be cleared up with out delay. I hope that nothing of tho kind has happened ; but if so, alas ! what shall we say for our poor, fallible humanity r That any of us frail zoiserables, with whom the diet of worms is merely a question of a few years, or months, or days, shall take it upon ourselves authoritatively to declare what particular alluvium the dead carcass of our brother shall rot in, is indeed a piece of audacious presumption. In one of the latest numbers of London Punch there is a representation of two youug tourists who, having lost their way, go into a church, there to decide upon the cardinal points of the compass by noting which way tho altar faces, when the clergyman — a Tery high churchman indeed — remonstrates with them, informiLg them that he cannot allow hifl church to be used for secular ^purposes, but that they will find an unconsecrated weather- cock on the barn hard by. Verb. sap. Captain Challis, of H.1I.S. Eosario, seems to be carrying matters with a high hand at Levukn, judging from late Fiji papers. I dare say that he has some troublesome customers to deal with, but he Beems quite capable of doing so man-of-war fashion. I have read an account of bis investigation of a charge agains a certain Sir. de llaus, who had been accused of ' insolence' towards the British Consul, Mr. March. The defendant was taken into custody by two marines, and conveyed on board the Eo6ario, where the captain, as a sort of nautical Ehadamanthus, presided, being seated, I presume, upon the capstan. The Consul did not put in an appearance, but his absence didn't at all interfere with the jurisdiction of the Captain, who proceeded to bind over the defendant to keep the peace, inform ing him that he must remain on board until he found bail. De Maus seemed to be at no pains to conceal his opinion of the Consul, who, according to his opinion, was not altogether right in his head. I suppose it would be idle to expect all the formulas of the Court of Queen's Bench at the cannibal islands ; but still, just for the purpose of keeping up old English superstitions, it might be as well not to try a man in the absence of his accuser. However, the Fijis will perhaps not be very much longer without a master ; and if the Prussians get hold of the group there may possibly be a tighter grip over them than even that of the Bosario. — Empire . Mr. J. E. Howe, a tragedian of some repute, and who has lately been playing with success in Auckland, was a passenger to this port by tho steamer Wonga Wonga. He has been engaged to appear shortly at the Prince of Wales Theatre. Tnirr say there is a saw-mill down East which aaws bo easy that, as si young man was sitting on a log while the saw was running through, he was sawed in halves, and did not discover it untU the overseer told him to roll over. ' Shocking, Selina ! shocking,' said'?Jobus to his wife with a melancholy air, 'Its all over town.' — ' What's all over town ?' exclaimed Selina in conster nation. 'Mud 'was the reply. Selina emptied her teacup in bis bosom. 