As will appear by the official notice, the Council of the Shire of Avoca, acting as the Local Board of Health, under the provisions of the Health Statute of 1867, have notified that it is the intention of the Council, in their capacity as a Board, to apply to the Central Board to confirm the bye- laws al ready made under the Statute, and to carry out. its provisions as defined in the second part of it. This resolution has been come to not a minute too soon, particularly as ap plying to some of our more closely inhabited townships, certainly not excluding Avoca. Although we regret to learn that illness is rather more than ordinarily prevalent around us just now, the season of the year prevents that generation of poisonous gases which bring about malaria, and the diseases aris ing from noxious exhalations. It is said to be the best of wisdom, in the time of safety to provide for danger, and, , therefore, are we quick to recognise the- precautionary measures taken by the : Council, on whom has been imposed the duty of providing for our sanitary welfare. But this duty has to be met with compliance — and enforced, compliance if need be — so that tke summer's heat may not be found to be an active agent for evil. It cannot escape observation that, after a succession of dry days, little pools of stagnant water are to be found in street drains which are the boundaries of the play places of numerous children of all ages. These pools are the depots of miasmatic mis chief. The cantiou applies to all places throughout the Shire. An attempt was pro perly made by the police to put down the pig sties nuisance at Percydale, some of them abutting upon the spaces called, by the exer cise of a vivid imagination, streets, and now is the time to have them thoroughly drained without danger at all events to the increasing European .population.' The Health Statute is most stringent in its enactments, and those who infringe them (especially after due notice) may be -and ought to be severely punished. In addition to the Shire Council announcement, then, we deem it only right to add thereto these precautionary Words and to call the attention of those 1 who' may have reason to complain to the" remedies- afforded them. The whole of the Ministry were nominated with out opposition on Thursday, and were declared duly elected yesterday. So far there is nothing to prevent -them meeting Parliament on the 25th in stant prepared for business. Speeches shadowing forth the new Ministerial policy have been delivered, and for the mrst part, f voraUy recr-md. Our own member, Mr Grant, met with a warm reception at Inglewood, where he addressed the electors on Thursday night last. In .the course of his speech Mr Grant said that when he tendered his services to the constituency and was returned as their repre sentative, he determined that he would not offer any factious opposition to the Government. Shortly after the House met they introduced their property tax propositions. His belief was that if the Go vernment had ventured to propound that scheme during the late elections they would have had very few followers instead of receiving the support they did. His opinion was that a property tax should be resisted . by. the.country,. . „The Government had described it as a tax upon realised industry. Their opponents say that it is a tax upon industry itself, because in this country the people are:tlieir own landlords, use their own buildings for their various trades and callings, and cultivate their own soil. So such atax is, in reality, a tax upon industry itself. He had no objection to tax large estates, and his permanent purpose would be to utterly burst up large land properties consisting of from 20,000 to 30,000 acres. Such estates existed in this country and to, accomplish their annihilation he would go in heart and soul. But that would be a very dif ferent tax from the one proposed by the late Administration, and which he could noL counte nance. Mr Grant then referred to his reasons for accepting office in the new Ministry, which were purely that his services might be of benefit to the mass of the people by facilitating the administration of the present Act, which he saw was being tram melled with useless regulations. The lion, gentle man then touched upon a number of details of the ministerial programme, and; on concluding, was unanimously accorded the usual vote of confidence. The Hon. J. M. Grant held a meeting of a few minutes duration at the Avoca Hetel, last evening. . About twenty electors were present. Mr Grant apologised for not having sent notice of his intention to visit Avoca, as also for the shortness of his stay, which latter was in consequence of his having to ( be at Tarnagulla that night. He wished, however, to state that it would ever be his desire to do his duty by the constituency he represented and faithfully administer the Land Act, A vote of confidence was unanimously carried on the motion of Messrs Buhlert and Cooke. ' By advertisement in another column it will be seen that we are to have a visit on Monday next from the- " South Australian Tom Thumb," said to be the smallest dwarf, in the world. M. Vertelli also promises a magical entertainment on the same occasion. By a notice appearing in our advertising columns it will be seen that Sunday next is the anniversary of the opening of the Percydale Wesleyan Church, and an effort will be made to pay off a small liability still remaining on the building. The services will be conducted by the Rev. Alexander Brown, of St. Arnaud. On the day following, the customary tea and public meetings will be held, when suitable and interesting addresses will be delivered by a number of gentlemen. Another inducement, too, is held forth in the promise that the choir from the A voca Wesleyan Church will be present to assist the local choir in the musical department. We confidently predict a large atten dance. We remind our readers that Mr DeSaxe, the Ballarat dentist, makes his usual monthly visit to this town on Wednesday next, and may be con sulted at the Avoca Hotel on that day. It will be remembered by most of our readers that about six months ago some uneasiness was felt by parents at the prospect of the effectiveness of the local school being endangered by the reduction of the teaching power. After considerable trouble on the part of the school committee, a promise was obtained from the Board of Education that the teaching power should remain unaltered until the 30th of June, -and continue so after that date pro vided that an average attendance of 225 scholars could be maintained from the 1st January to the 30th June. Parents will be pleased to learn that the attendance of children during the lime named has been more than sufficient to retain the full teaching power at present employed. The pros perity of our district and of our children in the future is closely allied to the prosperity of our school 11010 , and results just attained in the erection of suitable buildings, the increased attendance of children, and the supply of efficient and ade quate teaching power are therefore the greater causes for congratulation. Parents, however, should endeavor to keep up this average both for their children's sakes as well as for the school, as the principal benefits derived from the Government through the Board of Education are only bestowed pro rata on an actual and maintained average. Apropos of school matters we also learn that the work of raising funds for the erection of the new Moonambel Common School is progressing satis factorily, although a large sum is still required before the building can be commenced. We learn that some' special efforts will shortly be made on behalf of the good cause, and from the disposition" already shown by the people of Moonambel, there, cannot be a doubt but that they will meet with every success. Certain it is that owing to the daily increasing attendandace the old building is very much overcrowded, and the new school will not be acomenced day before it is required. The Loyal Avoca Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., held its usual half-yearly election of officers on Wednes day last. The following are the new office bearers : — P.G. M'Lean, Grand Master ; P. V.G, Miles, N.G. ; Bro. Chellew, V.G. ; P.G. Michael Wise, Permanent, ..Secretary ; Bro. R. H. Lambert, Assistant Secretary. On Tuesday, morning last a singular accident happened, at Avoca, to a lad named Collins. It appears that in company with another lad named Earle he was riding to Natty Yallock, and the boys had taken a double-barrelled gun with them, as it supposed, to have some sport by the way. On arriving opposite the Knott's Vale Hotel, the gun fell from where it had been placed to the floor of the waggon, and discharged both' barrels, ' the " con tents of; the. one .barrel .(which hung fire for over a second after the other ; had discharged,) being lodged in Collins'; foot. The boy was immediately 1 taken todDr Morris, who extracted seventeen shots from the wound. He has beeu since conveyed to the district hospital, where we learn he is doing as well as can be expected. The " Darkies of Damascus" met with a good reception at Redbank on Monday last, the house being crowded in all parts. The programme was similar to that of the entertainment lately given in Avoca, and every part went with a smoothness which denoted long practice and careful study. I'he exact sum realised by this eftort is not yet known, hut it is supposed to be sufficient to pay off t'ie whole of the remaining debt on the school, ( The concert given in the new wing of the Mary borough Hospital on Monday evening last for the benefit of the funds of that noble institution was, we are happy to learn, an eminent success. The occasion was urgent, and the proceeds enabled the energetic collector, Mr Bregazzi, to qualify by his subscriptions for the month for the Government proportionate grant in aid. The programme was long and varied and seems to have pleased the overflowing audience,, the singing of Mrs . Nicholls, of Lexton, being especially spoken of by our Maryborough contemporary with much enihu siasm. From an -advertisement appearing in another column it will be seen that from and after nine o'clock this day, all the reserves commonly known as the zebra" stripes will be open for selection, provided such selection does not : prevent' access to water or frequented tracks. An incident occurred to Mr Joseph Green, of Avoca, a few evenings since, which if not exactly a case of sticking-up looked very suspiciously - like one. On the day in question (Friday, the 23rd) Mr Green proceeded to Pleasant Creek in order to bring down his sister to attend the death-bed of their mother, and had arrived within three miles of Stawell. when he was, met by a strong-looking man on a grey horse, who rode across the track and called upon him to stop. Mr Green drew up and waited to know what was wanted. The man, who appeared to be very drunk, then rode to the side of the buggy, attempting to catch the reins, and telling Green to " bail up." He next made an effort to grasp Green, apparently with the intention of pulling him out of the buggy, and succeeded at the second attempt in catching him by the shoul der. Green then made a cut at the man with the whip, which he held with the reins in the left haud, and thereupon the horse, a newly broken colt, took fright and galloped oft, drawing him clear of the man's grasp. These are, we believe, the facts of the case, although our contemporary of the Plea sant Creek Chronicle affects to disbelieve the story, because Green declined to sign an information, his reason for so doing being a fear lest he should be detained in Pleasant Creek to give evidence against the fellow when he urgently wished to return to Avoca with all speed. The police, on hearing of the circumstance, quickly found the man, who was found to be an ex-constable residing in the neighborhood, and who explained his conduct by stating that he only wished to inquire the road — a singular way of obtaining information truly. The only reasonable interpretation to place on his be haviour is that the man was too drunk" to know what he was doing. One of thoae accidents which may occur in the best thinking communities happened yesterday at No 1 Creek to two miners, named Tregonning and Thornton. The claim in which they were work ing was on the Birthday Lead, and in knocking down the face of a wide drive a quantity of earth fell upon them, breaking Tregonning's leg and causing severe injury to his fellow-workman Thornton. Both the sufferers were removed in time, and taken to the hospital at Amherst, where they will be 9ure to met with the best of treat, ment. An account of an Australian Alexander Selkirk |s given by the Northern Argus Some time in the early part of the year, two men were landed on the Wreck Reef with ample provisions for the purpose of collecting guano for a Hobart Town 'firm. In February one of the men, while looking for coral, was drowned, and his survivor was lef alone on the island, where he remained till the 29 h of May, when the Lone Star called there for the purpose of landing a whaling party of twenty men. The ' solitary' was of course almost frantic with joy at again feeing the human face divine, for during the months he was on the island he had not even seen a ship, his only companions being the sea birds, which congregate there in immense numbers. He stated that at times he fancied he should go out of his mind, he was so oppressed with the extreme loneliness. Fortunately he had plenty of provisions, and enjoyed good health. He remains cn the island wiih the twenty whalers, who are going to commence operations at once, their boats and tackling having been conveyed by th- Lone Star." Queensland would seem not to be in a fl. urishing condition. From a blue-book just issued in Queensland by the Government, it is noted that the Civil Service there was composed of 2,143 persons, without counting those paid by fees or only occasionally employed. . The money thus spent in salaries was estimated to amount to £ 2 16s 4d per head. The total revenue proper of Queensland was only £7J3,058, and of that sum not less than £315,000, was disbursed in salaries and wages. The debt of the colony at the same time was £3,000,000, so that after the payment of salaries and interest there could be but little lef ( to be expended on public works. To help (he Government' out of its financial difficulties, the newspapers seek the encouragement of immigration on an extensive scale. A curious proposal is made by a correspondent of the Cape Argus, who writes in reference to the loss of the Queen of the Thames : — " I consider the present a proper time to broach a subject that has for a long time occupied ray mind, and hope it may meet a cnadid and fair consideration by our legislators. That it will ultimately become law I have no doubt — that it will be fiercely opposed is certain. I refer to the practice of casting ship loads of human beings on these' shores. That those of the Cambia and the Queen of the Thames were not drowned was more by God's providence and mercy than by the science and nautical skill i of the respective commanders, one of whose chro- ;nometerswas twelve .minures out, and only found a day or two ago. The other has yet to give an j account <of himself. . What I propose is to - make . the practice of taking the lunars compulsory, and ; to compel every passenger ship to carry and keep i in good order a complete set of nautical instruments ; for- the use of - the passengers, .who shall have the right to delegate one or more of their number to take observations with those of the navigating officer, and compare results. Tliat'among so many civilians as were on board the above named steamers, one or more could not have been found capable of verifying their position, is not to be thought of. 4ft is, moreover, certain that no con scientious commander would demur to such a precaution being taken by a cargo of souls and bodies." The full Court has upheld the verdict of the jury, given some weeks since, in Chandler 0 the Melbourne and Hobson's Bag United Railway Company. It will be remembered that the action was brought by a carpenter employed hv the com pany, and who was a passenger by the railway, for damages for: injuries lie sustained in a collision on the defendants' line on the 25th April, 1870. Chandler was employed at Brighton to execute some work for the company. He lived at Sand- ridge, and was carried free on the railway between Brighton and Sandridge. Owing to the defective condition of the engine working between Sandridge and Melbourne (called 1803), the train on that line was- late, during the latter part of the day was always losing time, and at last, on the arrival of the 4.30, p.m. train from Sandridge, it was found necessary to change engines. No 1803 was there fore detached, and a spare engine (Hawthorne) put on to take the train which should have left Mel bourne at 6.48 - for Sandridge. By this train Chandler was a passenger. Owing to the delays the train did not leave Melbourne till seven minutes behind time (some witnesses said it was only three minutes late). It was then dusk, but no tail-lamp was attached to the last carriage. The train stopped at North Sandridge, and just as it started again the engine 1803, which ought to have left Melbourne not earlier than three minutes after the train, came down the same line, and ran into the train, the concussion causing the plaintiff severe injuries, for which the jury awarded him £1,000. The defendants contended that they were not liable, inasmuch as the accident was caused by the negligence of a fellow -servant of the plaintiff, by the guard not putting a tail-lamp on the last carriage. The Court was of opinion that if that alone had caused, the collision, the company would not be answerable, but inasmuch as the company had made faulty arrangements about the arrival and departure of trains, had provided defective ma chinery (the trains being late owing to the defects in 1803), and the collision being by defective tires in the engine- Hawthorne, which was in consequence unable to start. properly from the North Sandridge station, the company was liable, and the verdict of the jury was therefore not disturbed. The Steam Navigation Board of Victoria, hav ing taken the evidence in thecase of the wreck of the Auckland- into consideration, gave their de cision on Monday in the following terms : — That the loss of this steamship is attributed to the non- adjustment of compasses before leaving Sydney, after the ship bad undergone extensive alterations and repairs. That primarily the blame is attach able to the Australasian Steam Navigation Com pany, who appear by the evidence not to be in the habit of swinging their vessels for the purpose of ascertaining the errors in their compasses. Thaj. the Auckland, after extensive repairs, was thus sent to sea, provided with a sea-going certificate from the Sydney Steam Navigation Board. That she had been duly surveyed under the act, and her equipments found complete. That it was the duty of the master to have insisted upon being furnished with a table of the deviations of his compasses before he sailed, and had this been done the loss of the Auckland and the risk of loss of life would have been avoided ; but in the consideration of Captain Walker's long service of over 19 years on this coast, during which time he has proved him self a careful navigator, the board deem a severe censure on him will meet the case ; and he is cen sured accordingly. — Chas. B. Payne, Chairman." A telegram from Bowen, printed in the Sydney- Morning Herald of Wednesday last, states : — Messrs Longfield and Lambton, of the Strathalbyn Station, sent out to a camp of blacks for the pur pose of recovering two aboriginal boys from them. On arriving there Mr Lambton dismounted, and got into a dispute with the blacks, when they knocked him down ar.d killed the unfortunate gen tleman on the spot. Mr Longfield's horse was stunned by a blow and fell, and the rider speared to death while on the ground. The blacks de camped, taking the firearms of their victims, A carbine has since been found broken and bloody. The native police have left in pursuit of the savages." The following extraordinary outrage at Roths child's Bank in Frankfort is reported in the Pall Mall Gazette : — "Frankfort, April 20. — Several men broke into Messrs Rothschild's bank yesterday with nitro-glycerine bombs, attempting to extort money from the cashier by threats. One bomb exploded, wounding a clerk. On the arrival of some of the employes, the robbers escaped,, only one being arrested, who is said to be a Frenchman." A few days ago, a convict at the Pentridge Stockade, named Williams, who has been suspected of malingering for some time past, attempted to strangle himself with a rope, made out of one of his blankets, but wos baffled, as Corporal Corr, who has often been fortunate in preserving life amongst \- these wretched men, discovered him in time to release him from his position. When detected the rope was twisted tight round his neck, and the breathing was becoming very difficulty Mr Gideon S. Lang, who leaves for England by the outgoing Califorhian mail for the purpose of placing the St Arnaud Silver Mines on the London market intends proceeding by the American route in order to have an opportunity of visiting the great argentiferous districts of Nevada, and of thus acquiring the latest information as to the practical, working of silver mines in that country. Two decisions of interest to local bodies were given in the Supreme Court on Monday . In Torr v the Shire of Barrabool, the plaintiff sued for injuries he had sustained by falling down a bridge kept in defective repair by the defendants. The shire council contended it was not liable, as no obligation was imposed upon it by the Shires Statute . to keep ordinary roads (as this one was) in repair. The Court was of opinion that where a public, body undertook to make or keep a road in repair, it was bound to do so, and was answerable for any injuries arising from its ne glect. They therefore refused to dis turb a verdict which had been returned for the plaintiff. In Regina v Looell, it was sought to oust Lovell from office, as councillor of the shire of Mount Rouse, on the ground that he had undertaken a . contract with the council for the supply of timber ; Lafter, he was elected. The defence was that the contract was only a little one (£15), had been exe cuted for the benefit of the council, and not of the councillor, who made no profit out of it ; but the Court reluctan tly came to the conclusion that the act permitted no option, and that as Lovell had taken the contract he was disqualified, but under the circnmstances no costs were given against him. At Virginia, in Nevada, the other day, one man walked up to another standing in a drinking shop, and without the least warning or explanation, blew his brains out. The assassin merely asked his victim the instant before discharging the pistol, "where he would have it," and then, without wait ing for a roplv, pulled the trigger. i'he local papers say that the murderer had been in the habit of using his pistol rather freely during the past two or three months, and that during most of the time he had been under the influence of drink, _ \- . | During the last few days the nervous folks living in the neighborhood of the East St Kilda Cemetery have been enduring considerable arlarm from the nocturnal appearance of a most unusual object, de porting itself in a fashion very much unlike ordin ary bipeds. Superstition soon set it down as a ghost, and rumour did the rest. The eternal re source in all troubles of the outside world, namely, the police, was resorted to, and the invulnerable peeler soon brought the midnight rambler to bay It appears that the ghost was of a very tangible character. A youth, it appears, had provided him self with very high stilts, which he had covered with pantaloons, and lengthened his arms propor tionately. Thus transformed he amused himself by striding over tombstones, fences and every article of moderate dimensions, to the astonishment of the neighbours and passers by. The identity being discovered, the fears of the neighbors were allayed. Some excitement appears to have been occasioned by the discovery of the auriferous quartz reef near- Schnapper Point, and we learn that claims have been marked out for over a mile along the sup posed line of reef. The reef is situated about eight miles from Schnapper Point, at the back of a spur running from Mount Eliza to Arthur's Seat. The spur is composed of granite, and the quartz reef runs from the granite to the eastward. The pre vailing strata in the locality are sandstone, quartz and slate. We are informed that exceedingly fine: gold in small quantities can be procured from nearly- every creek in the neighborhood, and near where the: present reef has been opened some 30 or 40 ounces, of coarse gold was found about nine- years ago Samples of the quartz containing gold, pyrites and mica, are being analyzed in Melbourne,, andt arrangements are being made for sending two tons, to Castlemaine to be crushed. A few of the. resi dents of the district have- been keeping a prospect-- ing company at work for the last ten: years,, and should it prove that a remunerative reef has- been, struck, they may reasonably hope to be reimbursed, for their outlay. The following is an extract from a letter sent by Mr Hart, who has charge of the camels on the- South Australian overland telegraph line, to a pro vincial paper, giving some idea of a portion of the country through which the line is passing "My health is pretty good on the whole, considering the climate. The days are much cooler now than they were a month ago ; as for the nights they are fear fully cold, especially up in the Mac Donnell Ranges. I have had a trip up to the Todd in the ranges, and have only just returned, and intend loading up to Section D, in the Reynolds Ranges which will be about 280 miles from here, and on the north of the tropic. There is no scarcity of feed or water. Sometimes 1 am riding through grass 3ft or 4ft high. On leaving the depot I follow up the Hugh till I pass through the James and Waterhouse ranges, and then make eastward through the MacDonnell till I come on the Todd,. From there it is only eight miles through, and then travel north up the west foot of the Strangways Range- There is some fine country up about the ranges ; in fact the best grassed country I have seen in the colony. There is any amount of cork trees also orange, fig, and palm — altogether a different kind of country from what it is south of this, and I believe the further you go north the better it i?a. The Goverment parties aee getting on very well with the telegraph so far. The first two sections of A and B, have got about seventy miles up a. week ago. There is a lot of stuff to cart up yet,, and a long way to cart it. I have only four wag gons at present carting north of this besides the- camels;, fifty four of them are now on their way,- up to the furthest section (E), loaded with wire audi rations." 