\- ? UNCONSCIOUS INFLUENCE. ' 'By'THE' 'Author -of 'Home Thoughts for Working \- Women and Mothers'1 Meetings.' -J'None-of us livelh to himself, and no man dieth to himself.' — Ron. ? xiv..7. \- *1In .these 'words, ray brothers, we have one of. those general ,;lawsiof..-life under -which it has pleased God- to.. place us,-. and jtfrom-j-which'it is ,- impossible to escape. --.The words which ' follow, and- which spring- out of the general -law-^-the- corol- lary, .as we should call it— are true only -of * the believer: '.'Tor -whether we live, we' live unto the Lord,, and whether -we die, /We die. unto the Lord; whether, therefore, we live or , die, .ewe are the. -Lord's.' Now, it.is__the law in- its -more ?general form/ true of 'sinner and saint alike, and not the. 'blessed, modification that law takes in the heart of a believer, which; I want to. take as our subject to-night. 'None, of -us, liveth to himself, and no man dieth to, him- self.' ;' ilYibelieve ' there is no general ;. law so ? overlooked -as ?this. '' No man in his senses would think of denying the-law of gravitation, the law by which unsupported bodies fall to \- the ground; yet this law, -which is as binding. on our minds as the law of gravitation is on our bodies, is systematically denied. .-? A man may have no hold on his Saviour; he may \--have never given a thought to the first and great command 'ment of God's law, 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with ?all thy- heart/ and -all- thy soul, and all thy mind, and all thy strength;' he may have lived an utterly- -careless, -worldly life; but the first thing he will tell you, if you ask him on whathe grounds his hope of being saved at the last, is, that he has never done any one any harm — in other words, that he ?has lived --pretty much to hnnself. Or else a man will say Jto me, 'I don't hold with a man going to the sacrament -and going to those prayer-meetings, and making a prayer, and all that; I have seen so nmch of that style of thing, I tliinlc it best to leave it alone; I keep my religion to my -self.' .Now, I might reply to the one with the bitter sar casm of a modern preacher, 'Yes, and you may, and you needn't keep it under lock and key; for there's so little of it that the devil himself won't be at the trouble of stealing it;' and to the other I might answer, that even though. you have clone no harm, that won't save you; the barren fig-tree \- was to be cut down, not for bearing evil fruit, but for bearing no fruit — for doing no harm, but at the same time doing no -good. But that's not my point. I want to prove to you -that the position itself is impossible; that a man can keep neither his religion nor his irreligion to himself; that do evil \- or do good he must, by the very law of his being, that 'None -of us liveth to hnnself, and no man dieth to himself.' Now, have you ever thought of it, that no man can sin -alone? You can enjoy yourself alone, but you can't ?. sin alone. You come in tired from your work, you wash the \- dust of- toil off your limbs, you get the heavy boots off your \--feet, and you sit down- at -your -own -fireside -and enjoy your self, and- in so doing you don't interfere with any one. Or ??'??you want to know- what is going on— and mind you, a man -ought to want to know what is going on; I don't hold with «-# Christian man living with his head in a bag; it is his duty -'thread : the newspaper, and know what his Father is doing Jin a world he professes to believe is governed by Him. ?'?Well, you go to the coffee-house, you take up a newspaper -and -find something that interests you, and there you sit and ; 'read- and thoroughly enjoy yourself. Nobody is the worse, ' - ^nobody much the better for it; for a man can enjoy himself ! \ alone as. well as give bthers enjoyment. J'But now can you sin alone? ' 'Take a common case. ? .Something puts you out in your work; you don't think you have been fairly paid, and you go home thoroxighly out of temper. You never think : of praying a little prayer, which a' working man I knew used to ? pray when things put him out : ' O Lamb of God, calm my temper.' You don't make an effort to control yourself, but the moment you get home you bang the door after you, and exclaim to your wife, 'Now then, be quick, can't you, and .get my tea. As usual, nothing ready, I see.' Now, you know well enough it is not as usual, and if you hadn't -been in a bad temper you wouldn't have said it; it very rarely happens that your meals ai'e not ready for you; but to-day is washing-day, and she has had a heavy wash, and that -has made her a little late, and she is worried with the ?children, and has got a backache. A kind, forbearing word from you would have kept things straight; but, tired as she is, your unjust accusation, of course, puts her temper up, and she exclaims in .her turn, ' There's- always some piece of work, the, moment you come, into the house!' and so you have a 'few words' together, and instead of peace and love there is anger and hatred in your hearts. !iIn the middle of it all your little Johnny spills his tea,, and you hit him a sharp ciiff; you wouldn't have done it if you hadn't been in a temper, and the child raises a howl. - ' I can't stand this,' you exclaim; 'the house is intolerable. I'm off!' And you go off, where bad tempers generally go, to the public house; but not before you have upset your wife's temper, darkened your home, made things miserable, and proved the truth of what I say, that no man can sin alone. Let me take another common case where the sin is not an ' outward sin, finding its expression like temper in evil words. Take the case of a young lad who has been piously brought up in- a country home, and is sent to one of the large ware houses in London as an apprentice to a business. He finds himself in company with a number of young men, whom he thinks very fine fellows indeed with their city ways, and at night he shares his room with four or five of them. They are just the ordinary run of young men, utterly thoughtless, outwardly not very bad, and exceedingly good-natured. They wouldn't knowingly have done the lad harm for anything. But he watches them, and he sees them all, one after the other, get into bed without prayer. Evidently it is only old-fashioned people and simple country folks who say their prayers; and for the first time he feels ashamed to kneel down and pray, and gets into his bed without bending his knees to his God. At first he tries to keep up an idle form of saying his prayers, in -bed; but he soon drops even, that, and the last breath of prayer dies off his lips. Then tempta tion comes, the strong temptations of a city life, and they come upon that young man, prayerless, Ghristless, strength less, left naked to his enemies; the house empty which the divine spirit of prayer should have filled; the door open, which the flaming sword of the Spirit, turning all ways to guard the gate of life, should have kept. He. falls into, evil habits; he goes to the gin-palace and the dancing-hall; little by little he becomes a confirmed drunkard, and at last fills a dishonoured drunkard's grave. I say again, these young men would not willingly have done that lad harm for any thing; but unconsciously they had done him the greatest harm they possibly could — by their example they had robbed, him of prayer, they had snatched the weapon out of the hand of one beset with foes, they had taken away the compass from one who was nearing the sunken rocks and shoals of life, and ns soul ? perished through, their deed,, while, they lived on, and said, 'We have done no.iiarm.' .Young man, you can't io no harm; you are , either on Christ's side or the devil's; you ive either doing God's work or Satan's; either helping men up towards God, towards life, towards manliness, towards heaven, or you are dragging men down towards death, to wards evil, towards slavery, towards hell. Do evil or do good you must, for ' none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.' But if this law holds true of every man, how emphatically is it true of every parent! Old Jeremy Taylor was right when he said, ' An evil parent cannot perish in a single death, and a holy parent never eats the meal of blessing alone.' What you are, your child will have a tendency to 'become. I know there are some of you men who say, . 'Well, I know I am not what I ought to be myself, but I only do harm to my own soul; I give my children good schooling, and take care to teach them what is right.' In other words, you think you can interfere with God's great law, which all the time, whether you think it or not, is going on in its resistless course. ' No man,' and certainly no parent, 'liveth unto himself, and none dieth to himself.' You might as well think of stopping an express train at full speed by ?warning it back, or entreating it not to kill a pros trate man on the rails, as stop the action of that law on your child's soxil. Every bit of your life, talk as you may, is telling upon that child's soul for good or evil — is teaching it, by something stronger than words, either to dread sin as the abominable thing God hates—' I never knew my father do such a thing, and I think it would break his heart if I did it' — or is making it a light and familiar thing : 'Father does it.' I remember our clergyman telling me how one day, when he was making his first round in rather a bad part of his parish, he turned a corner sharp on two children, who were too busy playing to perceive him. The boy was say ing to the girl, 'Now then, Betsy, let's have a good game. You shall be mother, and I'll be father coming home drunk.' 'I'll be father coming home drunk!' And yet I dare say that poor wretched, blinded father would have said with you, ' I have done no harm; I have only harmed my own soul;' while behind the next corner God saw Ms children playing at that awful game, so early learning to think lightly of sin, * and. make a mock of that tremendous thing which cost the Son of God the agony, the blood, the bitter passion, the death of the cross. Look to it well, my brothers : no man, and above all no parent, liveth, and no man dieth, to him self. But if this law applies especially to parents, it applies yet more forcibly to backsliders and inconsistent believers. .. If there be, among all the millions who have ever lived, a single hardened sinner that has gone alone to hell, I am sure, among all the millions that ever have lived, there has not been one backslider that has not dragged another down to perdition with. him. How often, when I have pleaded my heart out with a man that he would turn from the evil of his ways, I have been met by the answer, ' And what's the use of trying to be religious? Look at So-and-so and Soand so ; they go to your meetings, and were pious enough to begin with, and last Saturday night I met them both rolling drunk. I am sick of all this cant about religion ;' and the man turns away in disgust, and goes on in his sin. My brothers, those of you who are making a profession, to you I speak. There was an old crime in ancient warfare, so wicked that it is no longer practiced even in modern civil wars. Some dastardly deserter, who was well acquainted with Ms native place, was employed by the enemy to poison the wells of the besieged city. Stealthily at the dead of night into each one of the wells, corpses of the slain blue with corruptions, dead dogs and dead cats, and all sorts of decayed animal matter, were thrown, till the pure water wMch God had made unto life, by man's filthy deeds was made unto death. Morning breaks, and the city awakes unconscious of that deed of darkness _ which has been done. Mothers come trooping with their little ones to fetch water from the wells; they return and give drink to their households. But before the day is out the old man and the little child, the brave defender and the defenceless woman, have drunk death into their veins. They have drank poison, and the enemy has nothing to do but to scale the defenceless walls. Now I say that a backslider, or a notoriously inconsistent believer, poisons the wells. He is a dastardly deserter who poisons the wells of salvation by throwing in Ms filthy sins, Ms drunkenness, Ms oaths, Ms wretched temper, Ms dead feelings, his lies, his dirty business transactions, till men loathe the water of life — till they say, 'If that's your religion, the less we have to do with it the better ' — till I that wMch was ordained unto life becomes a draught o death unto men's souls. And if we hold the man too wicked to live who does this thing in earthly warfare, and if the nation would be branded for ever wMch could practise it in these days, thinkest thou, O man, that thou wilt escape the judgment of God when thou standest at His bar accused of poisoning the wells of life at wliich alone a dying world can quench its thirst, one draught of wMch the blood of the Son of God Himself was not thought too precious to pur chase for a fallen world ? 0, my brothers, if you are im pressed, if you are making a profession, take heed that, having named the name of Christ, you depart from iniquity : pray night and day for the strength of the Holy Ghost to act up to what you profess : for remember that, once having named that powerful Name in faith, once having received Oboist into your hearts, you become a force for good or for evil, such as there is not another on tMs earth— ra force either for life unto life, or for death unto death — a man who emphatically can neither live nor die to himself. For tMs law holds good of death as well as of life. No man can die unto himself any more than he can live unto himself. An infidel, who was converted on his death-bed, exclaimed, in the anguish of Ms awakening conscience, '0 that my influence were gathered up and buried with me!' But it could not be. The infidel book goes on making proselytes for hell long after the hand that wrote it lies mouldering in the grave, and the soul that planned it believes and trembles with the devils. The infidel life, the life that swore and got drunk, and went to no place of worship, lives on in the son, or daughter, or mate, its evil example led to ruin; aye, lives and works on, and spreads, long after he who lived it is dead. ' Some sins go before to judgment, but some follow after;' for all we do, whether good or bad, whether consciously or unconsciously, is as seed sown out to grow, and only at the last day shall the bright or the black harvest be gathered in— glory, honour, and peace, upon every soul that doeth well; but indignation and wrath, tribulation and anguish, on every soul of man that doeth evil. I have spoken to you of those four or five thoughtless young men who led that lad by their example to give up his habits of prayer, and so to take the first step of that downward course wMch led to his ruin, while they went on in their thoughtless lives, and said, 'We have done no : harm.' I can fancy how that excuse, advanced before, the judgment-seat of Christ, will die upon the blanched lips of such a one: 'Lord, I did not love Thee as I ought; but 0, spare me— I did no one any harm.' In vain will you then plead: the place, the circumstances of the deed, wilful or careless as it may have been, its consequences to others, all that winding stair of good or evil, wMch while we are tread ing it in this life we cannot see, will then be laid bare, step by step, and bring home yoxu' evil deed to yoiu* door. Young men, I appeal to you; you must do good or do evil; it is the law of your being: ' None of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.' It is. worth while to decide for Christ, and be a CM'istian at once, if only for tMs, that it will save you from doing others harm — save you at the last day from that awful sight, a soul lost tln-ough you. Delay 5 to come now, perhaps years later you may be brought to Jesus — it is an awful thing perhaps even for you — but there is one thing there is no perhaps about. You cannot undo the evil you will have done to others in those years in wMch you put off Clirist. For know you not what you do when you tempt others to sin either by your example or your words? You do something you cannot undo by your own repentance, for which there is 'no place of repentance' — aye, though 'you seek it carefully with tears.' You may repent years hence ; the blood of Christ may wash out your sins; but the blood of Christ Himself cannot save you from the curse of some one led astray by you. Ask any who have turned to the Lord after years of Satan's service, and see if they will not tell you that the thought of some who heard their voice for evil, but now are beyond hearing their voice for good, has power at times to poison their sweetest peace. But what will it be at the last day, when we shall see the full consequences of our actions? Think of it, think of it, young man ! That poor soul who calls to the rocks to cover her, but for your perpetual temptations might have been a happy saint in heaven, and walked with Christ in wMte. That poor man who is clothed with shame and flames of fire might have shown a redeemed soul in glory, but that thou didst lead him to be a partaker of thy baseness. How -dreadful it Avill Tbe to look on that anguish and feel, 'Oh, it . was my doing !' How dreadful, how exceedingly dreadful, to hear the voice of a lost soul cursing you as the author of its eternal harm, with' that awful curse which like burning sand will sift through the joints of the most mailed indifference of the hardest heart, and eat unto your very soul! But what will even that be, compared to the wrath of Christ Himself, whose bitter passion thou hast, as far as in thee lies, defeated by thine impurities? O man, darest thou the wrath of the Almighty? Oh, if that wrath abides upon any of you, sleep not, rest not, till you have got rid of it at your Saviour's cross — till you know that great law of life, 'None of us liveth to himself, and no one dieth unto himself,' in its life-giving form; and can say, 'For whether we live, we live unto the Lord, and whether we die, we die unto the Lord;' that your simplest, most unconscious action, breath ing the fragrance of the Saviour who lives in you, maybe ixnto life. For I say again, oiu* simplest action may be pro ductive of endless results either for good or evil, and the only way we can secure these being for good is to be able to say, 'I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me; for whether I live, I live unto the Lord, and whether I die, I die unto the Lord; whether, therefore, living or dying, I am the Lord's.' — Tlie People's Magazine. 