BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. On Friday evening, February 25, a fellowship meeting was held in Young -struot Chapel. Thw service i.« usually one of jjreat profit, and is anticipated with considerable interest. -Th© ministers ami delegates composing the District Meeting related their Christian exporiontx). On the following day the sittings wore continued. The former part of the day w;is spent in a closo enquiry into the financial position of the District. During the afternoon the Stationing Ooinmittco sat to prepare a list of appointments to brin^ before the meeting for its approval. On Sunday services were hold in tho Young street Chapel. The Kev. O. Lake preached iu the morning. He selected for his text Uio words eonUiiiuMl in the 18th, lPth, and 20tli verses of the '2Sth chapter of Matthew— 'Ami Jesus came and spake unto them, saving, AU power is given unto Me in heaven aud on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy (ihost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: audio 1 am with you alway. even unto tho end of the world. Amen'— and went on to say — This meeting was the fulfilment of an appoint ment our Lord had made with His Apo3tles before His passion. What strange events crowded between that appointment ami the morning of fulfilment between thr Mount of Olives and this Mount in Galilee. The wickedness of 'betrayal, the cowardice of desertion aud denial, tho accu mulated horrors of Calvary, the rumoured resur rectiou— what a tumult of feeling all this would beget iu the minds of those men as they moved up that slope to keep their trust with their Lord. Aud there He waits for them. But, liko many companies who now -ro out to meet IJim, ' while they worshipped some doubted.' In tins nearer view, when lie came, close to them, in the change that had come over Him since they looked on Him last, in the regal words Ho spoke there would be little room left for doubt, and soon no cloud of unbelief would darken tho noonday of repose and rapture to which He was leading back their weary and blooding hearts. I. The charge these words contain invite our attention. The startling thing on the surface of this .subject is that such a charge should be given by such a Person to such men. The wounds of that trucelcss conflict through which He bad just passed are still fro-sli upon Him. These eleven men are poor and un lettered. The message is .mire to encounter the leagued kopposition --f earth and boll. Yet no thought of failure strike.-* the mind of Christ -there is no suspicion of uufitness in tho instrumentality. ' Go, disciple, teach all nations; all power is niven unto me: and lo I am with you alway, even unto the end.' Tlicso are the words of One who has measured all tho difficulties of the world's regeneration, and who sees ' at the end of ages' the new earth in which dwelleth right eousne.-^. The charge was very simple as to the work it called the dis ciples to do; they had a rite to administer, and a message to proclaim. The preacher said ho should not speak in a controversial tone of thi- rite of baptism; it was a symbol of purifica tion in every mode, and whether the subjects were infants or adults. 'For ritual modes let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong who views it in that light.' The message was all the world wanted to hoar. Given by inspiration of God, it was profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for in struction in righteousness; and with the text book the man of God, the Christian teacher, was perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. The message was to be proclaimed to all. And this message has awakenod echoes in the breasts of dwellers of every clime, and has proved itself the Gospel of God, lwcauso it is so emphatically the Gospel of man -of universal man. It is an exotic in no clime; it nourishes, as if indigenous, on every soil. The whole of the message was to be proclaimed. may we not, uiko up uic veaenmg oi souio men and ask — Is this all that Christ commandod? Are not some of the truths lifted into special prominence by him, absent from their leach ing.' They speak not of the Cross as tho atonement for sin. The personality and ministry of the Holy Ghost have dropped' out of their teaching. They have silenced their testimony concerning the terrors of the Lord, and no longer ring out the clarion call to repentance. They have made prayer a mocking unreality, and God's revelation a common book. Thw spreading spirit of Rationalism is withering tho enthusiasm of the Church, and drying tho fullest springs of her spiritual life. And then, on the other hand, there is a ritualistic spirit, abroad, in many cases the natural reaction of Rationalism. The cure of these heresies is to teach all things that Christ has commanded. The message was to lie proclaimed on Christ's authority ; the message was to be proclaimed for most practical ends. Commandment* am observed when they arc kept. Tho teaching; was to culminate in obedience ; the creed was to mould the conduct. Disobedience opposoth Him who hath all power in heaven and earth. II. A comforting assurance— (1) of unlimited power ; (2) of fellowship with the Church. The dignity and perpetuity of that fellow ship was dwelt upon. The preachor con cluded by showing that their commission i.-; ours. Our work is educational. Christ sends us to teach. The Word suggests the unique ness of His method. Moses came with rules and ordinances, uomaiming measured ohouionce, and startling the lawless with a curso. And when tho schoolmaster's work was done, and the world had grovrn in a fuller manhood to tho liberty of choice, grace and truth ca;ne by JesuE Christ, and constrained men by tho mightiest motives to yield themselves a living sacrifice to God. The Itev. J. Trewin officiated in the afternoon, and selected his text from 1st chap. Nahum, 7th veree. The goodness of God was the first thought dwelt upon. This goodness was un derived and pure. It v/as scon throughout tho world in its adaptation to man's real necessities. Nothing was more powerful than this principle* of goodness. The text also declared that God was a stronghold in tho day of trouble; tbo inference was that trouble was mixed up with life. The man who walked nearest to heaven, as well as the man who walked furthest from it, had trouble. The youth had trouble, arwin^ from inexperience; tho man from connection with business; tho aged from decrepitude. It would seem a great blessing if the experience of the father could be handed down to tho sou. Then there was the Christian's security; at ail times he could find refuge in God. The evening service was conducted by tlio Rev. T. Allen. His discourse was based en tliu 16th verse of the 1st chapter of Romans. Ho remarked that man was here to be educated. On every hand lessons of great importance were preseuced to him. But whatever nature might teach, there were many enquiries which naturo could not answer— there were wants which earth could not supply. The Gospel answered tho deep enquiries of the human heart. The preacher then went on to say that the Gospol wa« lasting in its duration. It was the everlasting Gospel — eternal because it contained tho elements of truth, of love^ and because of its eternal fitness. Then it is reformatory in its character. It reaches the intellect and enlightens it, it reaches the heart and renow* it, and its influence affects tho wholo character and life. Tho Gospel is regal iu its aim ; it seeks to enthrone itself in tho heart ; it is intended for all— for everv one that belie veth ; but men must believe it. Thoro is persuasion, but not coercion. Who would be ashamed of such a Gospel ? The truest patriots, the wisest philosophers, the sweeteat poets were not ashamed of the Gospel. Neither the best men on earth nor the highest angoU of heaven were ashamed of it. There were good congregations at eacli service. 