THE NOVELIST. HANNAH/ A NOVEL. By thx aui'hob of " John Halifax, Gentleman." " Nfcne ever feared that the truth should be heard, But thoee whom the truth wad indite." —Burns. Chapter IX. Hannah's waking up on the morning after her brother-in-law's return was one of the most painful sensations she had ever known, the more so as it was so unusual. To her healthy temperament the morning hour was generally the best of the day. Not Rosie herself, who always woke np as lively as a young linnet in a thorn bush, enjoyed it more than Aunt Hannah did. But now things seemed changed. She had gone to bed at once, and fallen asleep immediately; for there are times when the brain, worn out by long tension, collapses the instant we lie down—Nature forcing upon it the temporary stupefaction which is its only preservative Now even she could not shake off the weariness, nor rise as usual to look at one of those glorious winter sunrises which only active people see. She dreaded the dawn she shrank from the sun. For he brought her her daily duties, and how she should ever tnHil them as heretofore she could not telL . First, how should she again meet Mr. Bivere? What position should she hold to wards him? Had her Bister lived, he would have been to her nothing at all; regarded with the sacred indiflFerence with which every pure-minded woman regards every other woman's husband. Now, what was he ?. Not her brother—except by a legal fictaon, which he littd frimfirif recognised as a fiction. Not her lover: and yet when she, recalled his looks and tones, and a certain indescribable agita tion which had been upon him all the evening, some feminine instinct told her that, wndpT other circumstances, he might have become her lover. Her husband he could never be; and yet she had to go on living with him in an anomalous relationship, which was a com pound of all these three ties, with the dim cnltieaof all and the comfort of none. Her friend he was; that bond seemed clear and plain • bat then is it customary for a lady togo and keep the house of a male 4 friend, be he ever so tried and trusted? Society, to say nothing of her own feelings, wonld never allow it; and for once society is in the "^Bannah felt it so—felt that, stripping off the imaginary brother-and-sister bond, Bernard and she were exactly in the position of a lady and gentleman living together in those Platonic relations, which are possible cer tainly, but which the wicked world never believes to be possible, and which Nature herself rejects as being out of the ordinary course of things, and therefore very uuad visable. A life difficult enough to carry on even if the parties were calmly indifferent to one another; bat what if they were not in different? Though he had never "made love" to her in the smallest degree, never roessed her, even in the harmless saluta tions which brothers and sisters-in-law so commonly indulge in, still Hannah must have been dnll indeed not to have long since fonhd out that in some way or other Bernard was very fond of her; and a young man is not usually " very fond " of a woman, not his own born sister, without, sooner or later, wishing to monopolize her, to have her all to himself—in plain terms, to jnarry her. And ihongo women have much less of this ex clusive feeling—though many a woman will so -on innocently adoring a roan for years without the slightest wish of personal appro priation—still, when somebody else appro priates him—marries him in short—and the relations are changed, and she drops into a Common friend, or less than a friend, then even the noblest and most unselfish woman living wiU feel, for a time, a slight pang, a blank in ber life, a soreness at her heart. It is Nature's revenge upon all shams, however innocent those shams may be. And poor Hannah was reaping Nature s re venge now. Whether he did or did not love her in a brotherly way, she was cruelly conscious that to go on living with her i brother-in-law as heretofore would be a very severe trial. Should she fly from it? The wnr "was open. She could wnte to Lady Dnnsmore, who she knew was again in search j of a governess, and wonld gladly welcome her j back. Two -days, or one day even, and she j Bight raume her old life, her old duties, and forget this year and a half at Easterham as if it had never been. , For a moment the temptation was strong. She felt bunted down; like the Israelites, with the Egyptians behind and the Bed Sea before, theareadful surging sea of the future, over which there seemed no pathway, no way of crossing it to any safe shore. If she could but escape, with her reputation, out of her brother-in-law's house!—that House on the Hill which had been so plea sant, which she had tried to make a sort of home-beacon to all the pariah; and now all the parish levelled at it their cruel stares, tfrflfr malignant comments, for it was exposed to alL For Bernard's sake, as well as her own, die ought to save him from this—tree fifoi from her blighting presence and go. Ai ahe lay *R"»iring, turning over in her ffH how best to accomplish tins—when she Should write and what she should say to Lady Dnnsmore—there came the usual little knock at her door, the usual sound of tiny bare feet trotting over the carpet, and the burst of iovous child-laughter at her bedside. And whensbe hardly noticed it, for it pierced her spider-webs. To go away and leave her child! wtoses in August Thus, tfaougb-Htmpah's h&Hf; now, jfratigely -tarred as it was, had a primrose breath of she loved—i irell J—she dft mgly. Beside-, uw.w vj come to her t|iat other , much later growth—the —......-MrTT——which in her was a passion rival, M*? email one, W8^ — * Jjad Bosie to ber bosom, all Error equally dreadful de nttsinsft ' i herself Main, pud was 1 to the Sunday break owtoiihteb herself like a derfnl attempts at English, and her irresis tible bursts of laughter, smoothed over difli cultiis untold, and helped them through thit p sinful hour—those two, who stood to the little one like father and mother, and yet to one another were nothing, and never could be. This was the strange anomaly of their relationship; that while Rosie was her own flesh-and-blood, closer to her than any child not her very own could possibly be, with Kosie's father there was no tie of blood at alL The usual Sunday morning routine went on—prayers, breakfast, after breakfast play with Rosie—yet neither Hannah nor Bernard ventured once to look at each other, lest they shonid betray the piteous secret, which, whether or not hers did, the deadly paleness of Bernard's features, and his nervous, excited manner, only too much revealed. " I scarcely slept an hour," he said. " I had to sit up and write my sermon. And I found so much to do among my papers. I must never leave home again." She was silent Then he asked her if she were going to church—an idle question for one who never missed church in any weather. Perhaps he did not want her to go 1 And she would nave been angry, but for the strange compassion she always had for him—the feeling that if any trouble came to him, she should always like to bear it herself. And now he had more to bear than she. He must go up into his pulpit and preach, conscious that all eyes were watching him, all tongues gossipping con cerning him ! For in Easterham nothing was hid ; rich and poor alike chattered of their neighbours' affairs, and J ames Dixon's visit to the House on the HOI, in all its par ticulars, was likely to be as fully known as Mr. Morecomb's interview with Lady Rivers, and its purport as regarded Hannah herself. The Moat-house, too, must be faced, for at breakfast-time a note had come asking them to dine there, thongh it was Sunday, as young Mrs Melville had come over for the day, and particularly wished to see Miss Tbelluson. " You will go ?" Bernard had said, passing the note over to her. Her first instinct had been a decided " No;" till looking down on the bright little face beside her, Aunt Han nah felt that, at whatever cost, she must boldly show her own—at church, at the Moat house, anywhere and everywhere. There were just two courses open to her—to succumb to the lie, or to meet it and trample it down. So, again taking Rosie in her arms, she looked up fearlessly at Rosie's father. " Yes, since Lady Rivers asks me, I will certainly go." It was Hannah's custom to get ready for church quite early, that she might walk with Bernard thither—he disliked walking alone. Never was there a man who clung more affectionately to companionship, or to whom it was more necessary. But this Sunday he never summoned her, so she did not come. Indeed, she had determined not She watched him start off alone, and then followed, goiDg a longer way round, so that she only reached her pew when he reached his reading desk. Then the sad tone of his voice as he read, evidently with an effort the sentence, "If we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves," &c.;, went to her heart Were they sinners! Was it a crime for her to look now at her dead sister's husband, her living Rosie's father, and think that his was one of the sweetest, noblest faces she had ever seen ; that had she met him by chance, and he had cared for her, she could have tended him like a mother, served him like a slave—nay, have forgotten for his sake that sacred dream of so many years, the lost lore of her girlhood, and become an ordinary human wife and mother—Rosie's mother. And it wonld have seemed so right and natural, and they three would have been so happy ! Could it be a sin now ? Could any Msihle possible interpretation, secular or religious, construe it into a sin ? Poor Hannah ! Even in God's heuse these thoughts pursued her; for, as before said, her only law of conduct was how things were, not in the sight of man, but of God. That love, which was either a righteous affection or a deadly sin, could she once assure herself that He did not forbid it, little Bhe_ cared whether man forbade it or not. Nor, if it were holy, whether it were a happy love or not. Thns, during her solitary walk home, and a long solitary afternoon that she spent with Roue—earning that wonderful rest of mind and fatigue of body which the companionship of a child always brings—her thoughts grew clearer. Rosa's very spirit, which now and then looked strangely out of her daughter's eyes, seemed to say to her that the dead view all things with larger vision than ours, that in their passing away they have left all pmn.ll jealousies behind them, and remember only the good of their beloved, not themselves at alL "Oh, Rosa, Rosa!" Hannah thought to herself, "surely you are not angry with me, not even now ? Iam not stepping into your place and stealing away your joys; I have only tried to fulfil your duties towards this little one and towards him. You know how helpless he is alone! And his pretty lamb—I have to take care of them both. Rosie, my darling, who could ever love you like Tannie? Yet they say it is all unnatural and wrong—that any strange woman would be a better mother to ybu than I! But that is false, altogether false. When your own mother comes to look at you, as she may do every night,—I would, u I were a happy ana Go " ' ghost ana God would let me, Rosie, look at her and toll her bo !" These wild and wandering thoughts, the last of which bad been said oat loud, must have brought a corresponding expression to Hannah's face, for the child caught it, and fixing on her aunt that deep, wise, almost supernatural gaze she sometimes had, answered deliberately, "Yes." For "No given with a sweet decisiveness, as if she already knew her own mind—toe baby! and a gentle, satisfied "Yes" were among the earliest accomplishments of that two-year-old darling. But when Rosie was put to bed, and left wide awake in her little crib, fearless of dark ness Or anything under Tannie's "lots of Gases." left to cud round and fall asleep in the blessed peace of infancy, innocent of all earthly cares—then this worlds bitterness darkened down again upon poor Aunt Han nah. She went to dressfor toe Moat-house dinner, and prepare to join toe family circle, 'where she, always, an uncomfortable excres ence, was now regarded—how and in what light did they regard her? Hannah could not tell; she was going there in order to find out; i Of one thing toe was sure, the invitation was not given out of pure kindness. ^ Kind-1 nesa was not the habit pi toe Hirers family; j theygeneraUybad a purpose in all. they did. More than onoe lately, Lady Rivers had told, heiyiri as plain terms as so polite a person t toe—Hknnah—stood to the way otoer-inlawV 'gy&lfci;&i; his i fy Wsbedhlto j aid them in every poi^hWV|t>Viidi that j desirable end. Could there P6a$l*n formed torlectoring hoc outois paintt. But *to { Bernard Woitld neirer have to lit Andif hchgd, 'Haunto Would not w toe ap* talked alone in the early winter darkness through Easterham village, Bhe braced up her courage and faced it still. Externally, there seemed nothing to face; only a bright, pleasant drawing room, and a circle of charming, welldressod women; whose conversation suddenly paused at her entrance, as if they had been talking her over, feminine fashion, which no doubt they had. Hannah was snre of it. She knew the way they used to talk over other people—the Melville family above all, till Adeline be longed to it—with that sweet acerbity and smooth maliciousness which only women understand. A man's weapons Bmitekeen, bat they generally smite straight forwards. Women only give the nnderhand thrusts, of which Hannah that night had not a few. " What a long, dark walk, Miss Thelluson ; only yon never mind dark walks. Were you really quite alone! And what has become of Bernard ? for you generally know all his pro ceedings. We thought him looking so well— so mnch the better for going from home. But what can he have done with himself 6ince church-time? Are yon quite sure that " The question was stopped by Bernard's entrance—ten minutes after the dinner hour, of which Sir Austin bitterly complained to his son ; and then offered his arm to Hannah, who stood silent and painfully conscious, under the battery of four pairs of feminine family eyes. "I have been home to fetch Miss Thellu son," said Bernard. " Hannah, you should not have walked here alone." And he would have taken a seat beside her, but Lady Biveis signed for Bertha to occupy it Fenced in by a sister on each side, be had not a chance of a word with Hannah all dinner-time. It was the same thing afterwards. Miss Thelluson would have been amused, if she bad not been a little vexed and annoyed, to see herself thus protected, like an heiress in her teens, from every approach of the ob noxious party. Mother and daughters mounted guard successfully, keeping her always engaged in conversation, ana subject ing Bernard to a sort of affectionate imprison ment whence, once or twice, he vainly tried to escape. She saw it for somehow, without intending it she always saw him everywhere, and was conscious that he saw her, and listened to every word she was saying. Yet she made no effort to get near him, not even when she noticed him surreptitioasly take ont his watch and look at it wearily, as if entreating " Do let ns go home." Every simple , word and act of a month ago had a meaning, a dreadful meaning, now. TTnnnnh was not exactly a prond woman, bnt she had a quiet dignity of her own, and it was sorely tried this night. Twenty times she would have started up from the smooth, polite circle, feeling that sne could support it no longer, save for Bernard's sad, appealing face and bis never-ending endurance. But then they loved him in their own way, and they were his "people," and he bore from them what be wonla never have borne from strangers. So must she. So she took refuge beside Adeline's sofa. Young His. Melville had never been well since her marriage; they said the low situa tion of Melville-grange did not agree with her. And ill-health being quite at a discount among the Rivers girls, who were as strong as elephants, Adeline lay rather neglected, watching her husband laughing and talking with her sisters—flirting with them, people might have said, almost as much as before he was married; only, being a brother now, of coarse it did not matter. Nevertheless, there was at times a slight contraction of the young wife's brow, as if she did not altogether like it. Bat she laughed it off at once. " Herbert is so merry, and so fond of coming here. Oar girls amuse him much more than his own sisters, he says. Just listen how they are all laughing together now." " It is good to laugh," said Hannah quietly. "Oh. yes; I am glad they enjoy them selves," returned Adeline, and changed the conversation; bnt through it all tire pale, vexed face, the anxious eyes, heavy with an unspoken anger, an annoyance that could not be complained of, struck Hannah with pity. Here, she thought, was a false position, too. At 9 the bntler came in, announcing for mally, " Miss Thelluson's servant" " It is Grace. I told her to call for me on her way from chapel. I wished to go home early." "And without Bernard? I understand. Very right; very nice," whispered Lady Riven, >in a-tone of such patronising ap proval, that Hannah repented herself of having thus planned, ana was half inclined to call Mr. Riversoutof the dining- room, and tdl him ahe was going. Bat sne did not She Only rose and Bade them all mood-night Not one rough word had broken the smooth surface of polite conversation; yet she was folly aware that, though with that convenient plastering over of sore or ugly places peculiar to the Rivers family, they said nothing, they all knew well, and knew that ahe knew they knew, why she wa8 going, and the instant her back was turned would talk her over to their hearts' oontent Yet she walked oat of tire room slowly, calmly, with that dignified, ladylike presence she had, almost better than beanty. Yes, even though ahe saw Lady Rivers rise to accompany her up-staira—a piece of condescension so groat that there was surely some purpose in it Lady Rivers seldom took trouble without a purpose. Yet for a moment she hesitated, sat polling her rings off and on, and eyeing with her critical woman-of-the-world gase this other woman, who fulfilled the apostolic law of bring in the world, hot of it. The long Btraln of the evening had worn Hannah out and she was in doubt whether Bernard wonld like her stealing off thus—whether, rinoe Lady Riven thought it" wise," it really was not most an wise thru to condense the doady scandal Into shape fey paying it the respect of acceptance. As she tied her bonnet, her hands trembled a ittie. "Arefou ready? Then, Mim ThelUuon, maylanrjust one word before yon go? As a martied fady and the mother of a.family, j speaking ,to a yonng—Ao, not exactly a young, I out an unmarried—person, may I ask is It; true what I hear, that yon have had a definite ! offer of marriage from Mr. Moreoomb T" Hannah started indignantly, and then I composed herself. i "lab not quite see that the matter oon cems anyone bnt myself and Mr. Moreoomb. -j Bateinee yon have heard this I conclude be ha*toljiyou. Yes, itiattae." ; \ fiM JWgW?,Wmay • aswallteu me,.for he will; he is ooming; bere!tbtoortow." : ■ • Lady Rivom ipnmg fromJher chair. " Gofla 3 JMk'Jlfe'. bMgpTdear Mis* ^ ThelluiOn. I beg ionr pardon : bat really .to refncto feoifli«n<offer1 If Mr. Moreoomb landsakedmefotoneofmyowndaagh " vtye^tide^the ma ... «actmyMidt2 L-iiJ IfHnt.i'" Jii-ar ii.la k.ii | the best judge of my own position and cir cumstances." So gentlemanly of him, too—so honourable —when he knew, as everybody knows, the way you are being talked about 1" "He did know, then—" and Hannah checked herself. "Will yon oblige me by telling me what he knew ? How am I being talked about?" And she turned her face, white as that of a traveller who walks up to face a supposed ghost by a churchyard wall; shuddering, but still facing it. It may be only a dead tree after alL " I am very sorry," said Lady Rivers; and no donbt she was, for she disliked saying un pleasant things, except in a covert way. " It is a most awkward matter to speak about, and I have kept it from the girls as long as possible ; but peojple say in Easterham that it was not for nothing yon took part with that unfortunate Grace—Dixon I can't call her, as she has no right to the name. In fact, I have heard it suggested plainly enough that the reason of Bernard's not marrying is because, were it not for the law, he would like to marry you." Hannah stood silent All the blood in her heart seemed to stand still too. " We do not believe it of course. Neither does Mr. Morecomb. Still it is generally be lieved at Easterham,—and worse things, too." " Wbat worse things ? Tell me. I insist upon hearings" Hannah spoke, as she had listened, with a desperate calmness; for she felt that at all costs she must get to the bottom of the scandal—must know exactly how much she had to fight against, and whom. "MissThelluson, yon are the very oddest person I ever knew. Well, they say that —that Excuse me, but I really don't know how to tell you." "Then I will tell yon ; for I hoard James Dixon say it, and before my own servants— as of course you know; everybody knows everything in Easterham. They say, these wicked neighbours, that I, a woman not young, not pretty, not attractive in any way, with her dead sister's memory yet fresh in her heart, and her dead aster's child in her arms, am living in unlawful relations with th&c; sister's husband. Lady Rivers, I do not wonder that you shrink from repeating such an atrocious lie." The other was a little confounded. She had been so very patronising, so condescendingly kind in her manner, to this poor Miss Thel luson, who now stood and looked at her face to face, as mnch a lady as herself, and ten times more of a woman. Nay, the fire in the grey eyes, the dignity of the figure, made Hannah for the moment even a handsome woman, handsome enough to be admired by many a man. " Pray don't talk of lies, Miss Thelluson. We object to each an ngly word ont of the schoolroom—where, however, your experience must chiefly have lain- This is what made me resolve to speak to yon. Yon cannot be ex pected to know the world, nor how important it is for Bernard, as a gentleman and a clergyman, that this gossip should be stopped at once. Of course, I only refer to the non sense about his wishing to marry yon. For the rest, his own character—the character of the family—is enough denial. Still, the thing is unpleasant, very unpleasant, and I don't wonder that Bernard feels it acutely." - Hannah started. " Does h£? Did he tell you so?" "Not exactly; he is a very reserved per son, as we all know; but he looks thoroughly wretched. We, his family, see that, though yon, a stranger may not The fact is, he has placed himself, quite against onr advice, in a most difficult and painful position, and does not know how to get ont of it Yon ought to help him; as, most providentially, yon have now the means of doing." Hannah looked np. She was being pricked to death with needles ; but still she looked firmly in the face of her adversary, and asked, "How." "Do yon not see, my dear Hiss Thelloson, that every bit of gossip and scandal would necessarily die ont if yon married Mr. More comb !" Hannah was but human. For a moment the thought of escape—of flying out of this maze of misery into a quiet home, where a good man's love would at least be hen—pre sented itself to her mind, tempting her, as many another woman has been tempted, into marriage without love. But immediately her honest soul recoiled. " Lady Rivers, I would do a groat deal for my brother-in-law, who has been very kind to me; but not even for his sake—since yon put it so—can I marry Mr. Morecomb. And now" —turning round with sudden heat—" sinoe you have said all that you wanted to say, and I have answered it, will you let me go home?" Home! as she uttered the word, ending thus the conversation as quietly, to all ap pearance, as it had begun—though die knew it had been all a planned attack, and that the ladies down-stairs were all waiting eagerly to hear the result of it—as she spoke of home, Hannah felt what a farce it was. Had it been ureal brother's home, there at least was external protection. So likewise was there in that other home, which, when she had saved enough, die had one day meant to have some tiny cottage, where by her own oonduct a single woman can always protect herself, keep up her own dignity, and carry out; if ever so humbly, her own independent life. Now, this was lost, and the other pot gained. 