To the Editor of the Messenaer: -.- Sir— Ihe word 'substance,' as used in the Athanasian Greed, the English form of the Latin ' substantia,' is the rendering of the Greek word oixrla by those who translated the breed back' from the Greek into the Latin: but all scholars agree, that the natural: and obvious translation of ovala would now be, not substantid, ^sub stance,' but essentia, 'essence;' and this is only an example of what we often sec elsewhere, that in the course of ages words totally change their meaning, so that what we now understand by ' sub stance' meant 'essence' three or four centuries ago. The only idea which we iu these days can form of ' substance ' is ' matter '— something material, like flesh and blood ; whilst 'essence' conveys another and far more correct idea of the author's meaning in1 the creed. What he intended to say was 'dividing the essence)'' not substance; and so, ' God of the essence of the Father,' not substance. Again, ' Not by confusion of essence' not substance. As the word substance is invariably understood in the present day, this word in the creed teaches in fact that God is a material being, of corporeal substance. 'What do I know about substance or matter?' asks Dr. Newman in his Apologia; 'just as much as the greatest philosopher, and that is nothing at all.' We do seem to understand something about '/essence,' or at least to conceive some idea of what it means; but of ' substance ' or ' matter ' we know nothing, except that in applying it to God we declare the divine nature to be material and corporeal, and are thereby guilty of flagrant error. The other highly objectionable and misleading word in the creed is ' person ;' this is the English of the Latin 'persona,' and the Greek {nrdaraais (Injpostasis). 'Persona' is 'a mask, a character,' and was so used by every ancient writer, and by the author of this creed. Even as late as Shakespere we find the word 'person' used instead of ' character :' ' I then did use \h& person of your father.' But that meaning has long since passed away, and we invariably use the term now to describe a man, or woman, or child, an individual, a separate and distinct being. Johnson's definition of 'person' is 'individual, or particular man or woman.' It will be seen how totally different is the meaning which we now attach to the word 'person' in the Athanasian Creed, and when we speak about the Trinity in unity, to that in which hypostasis was used by the Greeks, and persona by the Latins. Even Canon Liddon, a defender of this creed, in one of his ' Bampton Lectures ' says — ' The term ' person ' cannot be employed to denote the distinction in the Godhead without considerable intel lectual caution.' The fact is a ' person ' is ' a separate being :' to believe that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are ' persons ' is to make them distinct and separate beings ; and if they are so, then clearly they are three Gods — the conclusion seems unavoidable. There can be no doubt at all that this word 'person,' as used in Christian creeds, in our manuals of devotion, in our sermons, and theological writings (although never in our Bibles) as referring to the three 'characters' or 'hypostases' of the Godhead, is mis understood and misapplied by thousands who really do regard them as three ' persons,' i.e., three separate and distinct beings, instead of being one person, one God, one Supreme Being, with three 'per- sonas,' characters, 'hypostases,' or offices, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. In his Grammar of Assent Dr. Newman truly says — 'If an ordinary Englishman does attempt to fathom their meaning, he probably understands 'substance' in the sense of 'matter,' and ' person ' in the sense of ' individual,' and thus is led, by the very creed which is to preserve him from error, into the two gravest of all heresies with respect to the Godhead — that the divine nature is corporeal, and that there are three Gods.' We now come to what is considered by many the most objectionable feature of all in the Athanasian OrfiP.ri — +he- ivfill -known conrlemnatorv or 'damnatorv clauses,' or anathemas; and it must be confessed that their particu larity and universality make them, to the ears and hearts of those who think about them, very awful. They cut off absolutely all hope of pardon and salvation from every soul, however ignorant, however humble, and however Christian, who is not prepared to give a full and intelligent assent to every single dogma of a creed by an unknown author, and therefore of no authority ; the abstruse propositions of which upon the deepest and most mysterious of all subjects, the infinite nature and being of God, are incapable of any rational con ception by the human mind. This creed does not use the vague and general phrases 'the church anathematises,' or even 'let him be anathema,' which would be more than harsh enough ; but thunders out this terrible sentence, 'He shall witJiout doubt perish everlast ingly.' 'Whosoever will be saved.' 'Every one shall perish.' ''Which except a man do keep whole and imdefiled' 'In all tilings it is necessary.' ' It is necessary to everlasting salvation.' 'Which . except a man believe faithfully, he cannot be saved.' ? As a writer in the Chiardian has well expressed it— 'The repetition of the corre sponding phrases at each turn of the creed clenches and nails every single part together into one indissoluble whole.' Another writer in the same paper sensibly suggests, that if this creed is to be retained in our services, or bishops are still found who will compel clergymen to use it against their consciences, 'it should always be recited in the original language (Latin or Greek). If unintelligible, it would then at any rate not be misleading.' As I have stated before, objec tions to the public use of this creed were firsi: raised in^the middle of the 17th century. Bishop. Jeremy Taylor says of it — 'It is very hard to put such un charitableness into the creed, and so make it become an article of faith.' 'The damning clauses in the St. Athanasius' Creed,' says Chillingworth, ' are most false, and also in a high degree schismatical and presumptuous.' Baxter, on subscribing the Articles of Religion, 'refused assent to the damnatory clauses of the Athana sian Creed.' Archbishop Tillotson says — 'The account given of Athanasius' Creed appears to me in no wise satisfactory ; I wish we were well rid of it.' Bishop Burnet writes — ' The most eminent men of the English Church, as far back as the memory of all that I know can go up, confine them to such as stifle their own consciences.' Archbishop Seeker 'thought it a pity they had not been omitted.' Bishop Marsh 'did not mean to defend the anathemas.' Dr. Arnold said — ' I do not believe the damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed under any justification given of them, except such as substi tutes for them propositions of a wholly different character.' Denison, in his life of Bishop Lonsdale, tells us that the latter openly con demned them and never repeated them. Many excellent laymen also have objected to this creed as strongly as clergymen — amongst others Coleridge, the theologian, who condemned it, and the good King George the Third, who would not allow it to be read in the Chapel Royal. Amongst divines of our own day the late Dr. Blomfield, Bishop of London, never once read the Athanasiau Creed during the whole course of his long ministerial life; and according to the testi mony of Mr. Travers Twiss, the Chancellor of the Diocese of London, ' this confession of faith is in practice now disused by many of the clergy, partly from personal repugnance to its language, and partly from deference to the repugnance of their congregations.' With your permission I will conclude my remarks in your next number. — I remain, sir, your obedient servant, QuiEINUS. 