THE NATURALIST. THE ANIMALS IN PABIS DURING THE SIEGE. Br Theophile Gaotieb. A thoughtful man might ask himself this question—Have animals coguizauce of events that take place around them, and which, however, seem outside of their iostinctive sphere? 'The partisans of Descartes would instantly reply in .the negative, animals being considered by them as simple machines, a species of turnspit accomplishing in an un conscious manner any set task. Tnose .who have lived much with animals, those humbie brothers of man, those interior friends, who watch and stndy them attentively, will be of a different. opinion. Democrates understood the language of birds, and Dupont de Ne mours made a dictionary of it; but, without going as far as that, it is not impossible for an observer of them to understand their feelings and reasonings. It is doubtful, however, that the dogs were aware of an investment by the Prussians. They did not know either Iling WlUiam or M. de Bismarck, or M. de iloltke. but they soon took in the normal condition of Paris. The unaccustomed movement of the popu lation, the almost universal change from civilian's dress to military; the exercises of the Mobiles and National Guards ou the squares, the sound of the trumpets, the beat ingB of drums, disturbed, astouished, and set them thinking. Some of them, refugees with their masters, were plainly strangers in the place; they hesitated in the choice of streets, uncertain of the way, and smelling it out and consulting at the street corners some confreres of their quarter. Thesesuburban dogs had not in the least the physiognomy of the city ones, and were easily discernible from their rustic aud country air. So soon as a carriage was heard coming they ran far away from it with evident signs of fear, while the Parisians hardly deigned to move aside a little when the wheels were just going over them, after the manner of dogs to whom the right of way belongs. The others had all the embarrassment of provin dais. Every morning a concilliabulos was formed before my door, presided over by a small car ried terrier, his legs a little bowed, the under lip projecting, the upper one retro nssd, with tawny hair somewhat tinged with brown, and wearing a Mack leather collar studded with brass knobs. The other dogs, of obscure race, who surrounded him seemed to show him much consideration, and to listen to him with deference. To listen to him. For he certainly spoke, not after the manner of men frith arti culated language—a fine Homeric expression to distinguish our species from the beasts bat with little barks, low growls, movements of the lips, tail, and expressive (day of features. This group of four-footed talkers discussed, of course, the situation. From time to time a new comer seemed to bring some news. They commented upon it, and then the dub broke up, and each one went off abont his own affairs. This happened at the beginning of the siege. Bread was abundant, the stock of beef was still considerable, and the bigh price of forage rendered the sacrificed horsemeac plentiful, for the public only bit feebly at hippophagy. , Animals did notanffer at first, and the con tents of pates were the same as usual. But soon things changed ; the resistance was pro Idnged, and the rations -of beasts as well as those of men were diminished. The poor ^features could pot understand it, and looked frith astonished .eyes when their meagre pittance was placed before them. They wjemed tojuk, *H)f *hat, are we gqilty; why .dp yon punish Us for the fault we did' not commit?" jMawy dpg?, F.ere pbftndpnedor purposely »os' by. their yndstera, who hut not toe courage » best ab6uta man it) rnUst Squire avefy ej^rnntx$e?sity ,tbAo - wajUfO&jWk; fcur-fooWfri^dl If"" dlub. when it was pn$v escape a kick or a Wow from 11 cane, should I prove too ferocious to approach. bur, dogs are rarely deceived, being by nature better physi ognomists than Lavater. . Nothing was more touchiug than to see one of these poor lost beasts, worn oat with futile wanderings in the labyrinths of a strange city, trying to attach himself to a master and give himself a new owner. Tney would ac company one through the longest walks, whining at one's side in a plaintive tone, looking at you with tender, beseeching eyes, and sometimes tryiug to put their wet noses in your hand. It was a caressing, but not importunate obsequiousness, showing a faithfulness in following one, proving a good dog, separated from bis master by a fatality, notwithstand ing his devotion to him, and promising that if yon would accept him he would ssrve you They would often come to my threshold with me, and it was, I confess, heartbreaking to be obliged to shut the door in their faces and to disappoint their hopes. I thought of Crebillon, the tragic writer, who took lost dogs under his cloak to his home, fed them, ana tried to teach them a trade, such as turning a spit, dancing, jumping for the King and Qaeen, giving their paws, and other canine accomplishments, and then, if they proved incapable of learning, were rebellious or lazy, he took them back with a sigh to the places where he had found them. But I already possessed my private menagerie, which was difficult enough to feed. Some dogs discovered that men looked at them in a strange manner, and that their hands, under pretext of caressing them, felt of them with butcherlike fingers, to assure themselves of their fatnesi or the contrary. They had become* game, a prey constantly pursued. The cats, cleverer and more suspicious than the dogs, discovered it firsthand used the greatest caution iu their relations with us. It was with the most trusty friends of the feline race alone they would risk to purr or take their habitual place on the lap; but at the least excited gesture they would rush off to take refuge on the roofs or in tbe most in accessible cellars. The pet dogs began at last to grow distrust ful of things, and ran away when they were called, like Jean Neville's dog, which, how ever, did not prevent the lasso, bag, and trap making many victims. Butcher shops for dogs and cats, where rats were also sold, hung ont their signs boldly, not endeavouring to deceive in the quality of their merchandise, and customers crowded before them. The little national reunion that took place before my door diminished every day, aud soon only tbe terrier was left on his master's threshold wondering over the mysterious dis appearance of his friends. He, too. kept himself on his guard, scenting ont danger from afar, and showing his teeth at the least suspicious approach. When he saw some vagrant with a distrustful-looking face carrying a bag, he fled, growling low, under his master's counter. At tbe commencement of the siege the posts on the ramparts had a numerous crowd of dogs who took up their abode in them, and saluted with tail-wagging the retiring guard, and welcomed with friendly barks the one that came to relieve it. They shared the rations of the soldier " Moblot" or regnl&r.; but they only accepted meat, and refused bread with a_ disdainful nose. But hunger was not long in makiug them less fastidions; and iu a little while trom being guests they rose to the dignity of becoming articles of consumption. They lengthened out the rather short rations, or were sold to third-class restaura teurs, the posts bereft little by little of their visitors. One dog alpne remained faithful to a certain section. Yon could see him walking all along the ramparts, as though he were inakiug " the round, " lean, dissected by hunger, the spinal column showing like a row of beads, and the large hip bones prominent, tbe ribs in circles, and tbe hair stiff and brown like burnt grass. He went thus more misanthropical than Timon of Athens, avoiding men, especially soldiers, with as mnch core as he had sought them before, he poor quadruped of simple heart thought it indelicate towards his species, this conduct of the bimane, genus primate, whom he had esteemed too deafly, and he hardened his heart towards him. He looked like the ghost of a dog two profiles joined to gether, a silhouette with no apparent thick ness. Tbe poor beast chose for his solitary promenades the place where the statues of the Renaissance, of Falquiere, and the colossal head of the Republic were moulded in the snow by M. Moulin. An artist who mounted many guards on this bastion remarked the sad «nimnit in teres ting himself in him, tried to soften him by all sorts of advances. He would call him in a caressing voice and would sit down on a stone, so as not to frighten him by an appear ance of pursuit; he would show him from a distance an appetising morsel of bread. At list ope day the poor beast, overcome by the bait, stopped but made no sign of advanc ing, though hunger was gnawing at bis entrails. My friend placed the bread on the gronnd and discreetly went away; the dog then clearing the space to it with a prodigious bound, snapped up the morsel aud flew off to a great distance, with the speed of a grey hound, so as to enjoy his prey in some place ofssfety. After the dogs' and cats' turn came the buds, Paris Is not lich ornithologically, \ouonlysee sparrows in abundance andafew blackbirds and nightingales in the old of the quiet quarters. The sparrows, or Pierrots, as they are Vulgarly nicknamed— true winged " gamins." real Ganroches of the gutters- are mnch beloved by the, Parisians, end enjoy immunities from the city similar to the pigeonB of San Marco, and though have not aeed^dfcUibuted to thom at certain hours, as tbobuds of Venice, ai^ddonot pov sees; incomeslas they do. they are aUowpTto peckeveryw^era, andthe "charmers "threw thimi crumWi °f bresd In the gardens pf the quilenes..They come and go, sweeping round 0,h\yjgy away.as ope is crowd that, used to come in the snow to pick some li« tie ciutnhs from my small allowance from off my window-sill, appeared no more'• and j«t 1 Imvti a Brahmin's respect for the life of animals and birds. Hunted, shot, and decimated, tbe entire tribe decided on emigrat ing ; and though it was Bad to leave the old walls tapestried with ivy, where they made their nests in springtime, the cornice of the palace where they cleaned their feathers in the sunshine, the attic window that framed in the young needlewoman bent over her work, they went away to seek security afar. To day not a single sparrow is to be seen in Paris ! All have not been killed, let us hope • for in a few strokes of their wings they mount above the reach of firearms. Birds do not suffer from the fatality of weight, andean always fly away from this earth to heaven. Happy privilege 1 