NEWS AND NOTES. The trial of George Moore, for embezzling the funds of the Ballarat District Hospital, was continued and concluded yesterday at the Circuit Court. The jury returned a verdict of guilty in regard to the cheque received by the prisoner from the Very Rev. Dean Moore, and not guilty in reference to the two other cheques. Tho reason of the verdict of not guilty in the two latter cases was stated by the foreman of tho jury to bo “ the great irregularities allowed by the committee of management of the hospital.” Mr Ireland, Q.C., before addressing the jury for the defence, raised three points of law. The first was that the office-bearers of the institution were not proved to be the same for the • year 1864, when the prisoner was engaged and received directions as to his duties, and for the year 1870, during which the rules had been departed from and the defalcations made. The second was that the prisoner was a life governor of the hospital and could not be indicted for embezzling property of which he was part owner. The third was that tho Ballarat District Hospital was not registered under any act of Parliament. His Honor, when tho verdict of the jury had been re turned, reserved the points of law raised, for consider ation by the full court. He remanded the prisoner till this morning for sentence, and stated that after sentence he would be released on bail to appear at the Supreme Court when called upon, the bail to be double that which had formerly been accepted. We learn by telegram that the following nomina tions were made on Tuesday for the. Smythesdale Council, viz., Messrs Holleson, Bang, Sheridan, and Veitch. It was stated that the three first-named are not properly nominated. Messrs White and Hart were nominated as auditors. The Marquis of Normanby, the newly-appointed Governor of Queensland, will visit Ballarat to-day. We understand that he will start with the Mar chioness from Melbourne by tho first train. The Mar chioness will stay at Geelong, and the Marquis will come to Ballarat. He will be received at the station by Councillor R. Lewis, acting-mayor of the city, and the Mayor of Ballarat East, with .several members of each council. The party will then proceed to Craig’s hotel to breakfast, after which several of our mines and public institutions will be (visited. During the afternoon the Marquis will be entertained at dinner at Craig’s hotel, after which ho will leave by the seven o’clock train, and join the Marchioness at Geelong. In our Tuesday’s issue we stated that we had been informed that the notices given and dates-fixed for the City Council election were" not in accordance with the provisions of the Boroughs Statute. We find from enquiry that the requirements of the statute have been complied with, and that our informant was in error. Our Clones correspondent writes:—“Another fatal accident occurred at the claim of the dunes Company on the night of 24th July. It appears that Anthony Williams and Robert Ceilings were working on the Old Man Reef, running mullock to fill a drive, when Wil liams, having struck away a piece of timber to allow the mullock to come down, several other pieces gave way, and one of them, weighing about 350 lb, struck Williams on the loins, forcing him into a sitting posi tion amongst the stuff, with his face resting-on his left knee. He gave a most violent and agonising scream, and never spoke afterwards. Colliugs tried to extricate Williams, but without avail, and finding that he was dead, and the mullock was coming down dangerously fast, he went away, procured assistance, and secured the ground. The deceased was got out about one and a-half. hour afterwards. Dr Rose examined the body, but found no external marks of violehce, and stated that death had been caused by asphyxia. The jury returned a verdict according to the medical evidence. The deceased leaves a widow and five children.” The Mayor of Ballarat East and Councillor Richards, two of the retiring members of the council, will both sock re-election. Councillor Fussell’s intentions are not yet known, but it is expected that he will come forward, and if so, he is not likely to be opposed. We understand that efforts are now been made to induce Messrs E. Eastwood and W. Scott to come forward,. His Honor Mr Justice Pohlman sentenced Alexander Rose, the bank defaulter, yesterday, at the Circuit Court sittings, to four years’ imprisonment with hard labor. It is not probable that the case against R. M. Serjeant will be tried during the present sittings. An application is to be made to-day for its postponement. There was no official declaration of the nomination of candidates for the City Council, by the returning officer, Mr R. Lewis. Messrs Cowan and Cane have been declared by advertisement duly elected for the central and north wards. The polling for the south ward will take place on the Bth of next month. The committee of Christ Church School are making a strong effort to relieve the school of a heavy lia bility in the shape of a debt of £250 which still hangs over the institution, and with the view of reducing this liability, a bazaar and grand promenade concert are being organised, to take place in the Mechanics’ In stitute on Bth August. The ladies of the congrega tion of Christ Church and their friends will undertake . the looking after matters in connection with the bazaar, and the following ladies and gentlemen, we understand, will assist at the promenade concert:- Mrs Adams, Miss Dimelow, Misses Gibbings, Colonel Rede, Messrs E. C. Moore, P. Cazaly, W. Madden, S. Lamble, Thorburu, E. S. Carty, Firman, Rees, and others. With such a display of talent the affair ought to be an undoubted success, particularly as Sir A. T. Turner has consented to accept the leadership. James Buchanan, who is charged with having stabbed with intent to kill Edward Burns, at Haddon, some weeks ago, was brought up at the City Police court on Tuesday and again remanded, as the injured man is still too unwell to appear. The prisoner was admitted to bail in his own recognisance of £2OO, and two other sureties of £lOO each. The flagstaff was hoisted on Tuesday to its place'on the tower of the City-hall, and the flag is to' be hoisted for the first time to-day, in honor of the visit of tho Marquis of "Normanby to the city. The plumbers have commenced their work of covering the tower roof with lead. The frames for the roof-lights are ready for erection as soon as the roof is ready. On the southern side of the roof are two lights, the lower one being for the purpose of giving light to the chiming apparatus of the clock. Apropos of the clock, it is high time it was here, for as the erection will be a long, affair, the sooner the materials are here the better. The clock is on tho way, we hear, but the consignors advise that it be not erected till the tower is quite dry. This does not apply to the bells for chiming and striking. The following items of intelligence occur in the Californian telegram of Greville and Co.:—“ Twenty thousand insurrectionists, with their families, will be sent to New Caledonia; and two thousand five hun dred women have been convicted of setting fire to buildings, and have also been sentenced to transporta tion to Now Caledonia. • Immense beds of coal have been discovered at Alaska, and companies are being formed at San Francisco to work them,” A man named. Richard Hughes was killed by a fall of earth iu a mining claim at Majorca, last Friday morning. L Mr F. Wright, formerly manager of ; the National Bank, has published a. pamphlet containing “ state meats and.correspondence” in reference to his connec tion with the "bank. Mr Wright states that he Has taken this course in consequence of the refusal of the directors to grant an investigation into the charges brought against him. , ; ■} Private letters from Fiji,: by the' Hero, state that the Ballarat Company’s settlers are in health. An unusually wet season had caused a rapid growth"of crop, and was thought likely to injure the gathering of the cotton. Sir Matthews expected his cotton crop to realiso'£2s per acre. “ Democracy and Representation,-a Review of Mr. Hare's Treatise on Election of Representatives—Par liamentary and Municipal,” is the title of a pamphlet by Mr C. F, Nicholls, published by Evans Bros., Collins street west, Melbourne. The pamphlet is dedicated to Mr Duffy, who has expressed an intention of striving to remedy, some of the defects of our re presentative system. The author thinks that Mr Duffy may not be afraid of new truths, and expresses a hope that he will be induced to consider the method of election proposed by Mr Thomas Hare. The greater portion of the matter in this pamphlet ap peared in the Star some years ago, and: we may say that the author forcibly exposes the injustice of the present mode of election, and corrects a common error, that Mr Hare's system is one merely for the representation of minorities, instead of being a truly equitable method of obtaining the representation of public opinion. The subject is one which has been discussed for a considerable time, both in this colony and in Europe and America. Mr Nicholls states the case in a very intelligent and forcible manner, and • wo can only hope that the pamphlet will help to get legislation out of the old rut in which it has stuck so long. Wo see the Age has discovered that Mr Hare’s system is exploded, which shows that that journal is but little acquainted with the progress of public opinion in Europe, where equitable representation is, just now, attracting more and more attention. Indeed, we may say, the problem, of the future is how so to regulate representative in stitutions as to secure a fair reflex of public opinion, and it is a problem which is receiving the earnest con sideration of the foremost thinkers of the world. We do not suppose that legislators in this colony will yet venture upon so great a change ns that proposed by Mr Hare, but they may, perhaps, see that the time has come when some changes in the direction of better re presentation may be made. The only objection yet urged to Mr Hare’s system is, that it will not work, which is answered by the fact that it has worked ex tremely well both in Denmark and America. Mr Nicholla has chosen a very suitable time to revive the question, since we appear to be on the eve of a full discussion of our representative system. An influential meeting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a Protestant Alliance Friendly So ciety was held last night at Bell’s rooms. Mr R. : Baker in the chair. About 40 names were handed in. A large amount of preliminary business was transacted, and it is expected the lodge will bo opened early next week, due notice of which will be given. The name of the lodge is tho Loyal Britannia City Lodge Ho. S. It was stated by the promoters, who comprise, a num ber of influential citizens, that they have had iii con templation the formation of the above lodge for some time past. A meeting, before Mr Bartrop, Chief-clerk of In solvency, was held on Tuesday, in the insolvent estate of Charles Nyulasy. Several debts were proved, and Mr Joseph Aarons was appointed trustee. Sergeant Lamer and Detective Hyland .were out in the ranges, near Navigators, by five o’clock on Tuesday morning, in search of two men who are supposed to have committed several burglaries in Ballarat East lately. Coming upon a spring of water they found tracks, and, following them up, discovered a mia mia which had evidently been left a short time before by the men they were iu search of. In it were some stolon property, and the thieves had also left behind some of their cooking utensils. Our local correspondent writes:—“On Monday, evening the Rev. Wm. Henderson,. of Ballarat, deli vered a lecture in the Scarsdale Town-hall in aid of the local relief fund; subject, ‘The War between France and Prussia.’ There was a very fair attend ance, comprising a number of influential residents of the surrounding locality, among whom may be men tioned Gapt. Pasco, R.N., P.M., Smythcsdale. The rev. gentleman’s lecture was well received, and he was considered by some of the auditors best qualified'.to judge, to have handled bis subject very instructively. ■ It'was estimated that about £7 would be raised for the fund.” A large and enthusiastic meeting of the bazaar committee in connection with the Mechanics’ Insti tute took place on Tuesday evening, Mr A. Anderson iu the chair. Mr J. B. Ross was appointed secretary and. collector. Letters containing subscriptions were received from several gentlemen who were unable vo attend, and most encouraging reports were given by those present already acting in the matter. A novel feature in connection with this bazaar is that every purchaser of a shilling admission ticket will have a chance of securing the valuable grand piano at pre sent belonging to the institute, the winner having the choice of either taking the instrument or accepting as an equivalent the sum of £5O, which will, be guaran teed by the committee. It is earnestly hoped that all taking an interest in this noble institution will strengthen the hands of the committee by assisting with donations of either money or goods, the receipt of which will be gratefully acknowledged. Applica tions are to be made to tho bands and to local vocal ists for musical services. A woman of ill-fame named Johanna Sullivan was summoned to appear at the City Police-court on Tues day, on a charge of having used abusive language to a Mrs Dunn. ‘ The offence is said to have been com mitted in the stalls of the Theatre Royal. The defendant did not appear, and a warrant was issued for her arrest. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—“ The annual election for the vacant seats in the Ballarat shire Council, for the present appears to excite no interest whatever, in fact is not even mentioned. The following councillors retire by rotation, namely:— Councillor Yallance (president), west riding; Council lor Dalgleish, east riding; and Councillor Powell, south riding.” Our Chines correspondent sends us the following:— “ The tea-meeting, on 24th July, in aid of the Chines Hospital, at the Apollo Hall, was not so largely at tended as anticipated, owing to the inclemency of the weather.. The subsequent amateur vocal and instru ment concert, given by Mesdames Philipps, Herring, and Collier, and Messrs Kennedy, Robson, Nicholl, Collier, and others, was, however, far more successful, the hall being well filled. The president of the hospi tal, Mr James Dickson, gave a brief account" of the origin of the hospital. How at first an accident ward only was intended, but that gradually the idea had expanded into an hospital, and that although'it had been an uphill affair, still, thunks to the energy and sympathy of their friends, and particular!}' the ladies of the bazaar committee, the hospital had become a great fact and a proof of what energy and perseverance may accomplish even in the face of many difficulties. The performance on the whole was very creditable, and some pieces in particular were very well rendered, and judging by the repeated applause the, audience seemed highly entertained with the affair. A vote of thanks to the ladies, proposed by Mr Kelly, and se conded by Dr Smith, was carried by acclamation, and the entertainment was concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. ”• Messrs Bray and Dickenson, two of the retiring members of the Sebastopol Borough Council, have been nominated for the seats they have vacated. Councillor Kent, the'other retiring member, does not intend to seek municipal honors again, and Mr Ells worth has been nominated for his seat. Our Carngham correspondent writes “ The local Loyal Good Samaritan Lodge of Oddfellows has ini tiated arrangements for the purpose of getting up a vocal and instrumental concert in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr Adam Shaw, Preston Hill, who was killed some months ago by falling down a shaft in that locality while he was at work. The Court Merry Foresters is giving its assistance in the matter, and the affair is likely to realise something handsome for the object. The entertainment is to be held in the local Mechanics’ Institute on the evening of i th August.., It appears that several popular ama teur vocalists from Ballarat, Smythcsdale, and else where have promised to give their services on the oc casion.” , . A special train will leave Ballarat for Geelong at 8.30 a.m. on the 28th July, to take visitors to the Geelong races. Excursion tickets will be issued. We learn from the second annual report of the Artisans’Schpol of Design, Trades’Hall, Melbourne, that the average attendance of pupils during the past year was 154. Considerable interest was manifested during Mon day (says the Argus) iu the piece of wreck left at that office by Captain. Underwood. Mr Lane; a passenger by the Macduff on her last voyage, has identified it as the headboard from the starboard side of that vessel. He says that both boards were taken: off shortly after she left England, and were “knocking about” the deck; that he helped to paint "them, and that he is positive that the board he has now seen belonged to the ship Macduff. The report relative to mining in the Railway Re serve, Sandhurst, has not yet been considered by the Minister of Mines. ' Tuesday’s Argus says:—“ There’was more business done at the bazaar yesterday than on any one occasion since the entries for the Metropolitan and Cup have been made. Since Little Dick has been scratched for the first-named, race, Endeavor has been made a very strong favorite; he was backed yesterday at 200 to 36\. Warrior was also taken for the same race at 100 to 10. A level 100. .was laid five horses against the field,those selected being Endeavor, Barbelle, Florence, Rosebud/ andHaiaet;' ’Eifwas In great request, and was backed for the Metropolitan at 2000 to 50. Ho was also backed'for the double bf Cup and Metropoli tan', at 1000 tb A to .'win" £12,500. PyrrOus was backed for the ; Cup at 100 to 3 to win about_£looo.. More would have been taken at the same price, but the bookmakers declined to goon. Several doubles on the Geelong jumping, races were taken." The Ararat Advertiser, of Tuesday, says:— “A man named James'Smyth has been consigned to the Ararat gaol on a remand from Sandhurst, on suspicion of having boon, concerned in-the robbery of the mail bags between Stawell and this town on the 19th of Juno last. Ho was arrested on the Marong road, near Sandhurst, on information .forwarded, to that district by tile police force , stationed here. He will be brought up on Friday next for examination. It is said that, the police weie thrown off the scent to some extent by the statement that the mails were found to be ad right at the Great Western, their first effortshaving been directed towards obtaining a olue for unravelling the mystery, from some starting point on this side of that locality., Subsequent examinations by tho detec tives, aided by the black trackers, led, it is said, to the discovery that the robbery had been effected be-, fore the mail coach reached the Great Western. Traces were obtained, and the clue followed up, which led to tho arrest of the prisoner. As the police are chary of giving any information on the subject of this robbery, it must be assumed that their labors will not end with the arrest of Smyth.” ' , The Age of Tuesday says:—“ The revenue yester day showed a large increase on the last month’s daily takings, owing to the anticijiated alterations in the tariff when the Treasurer brings up his Budget. The duties paid were principally on wines, sugar, tobacco, dried fruits, and boots. The quantity of tea in bond under duty being small, the duties paid on this com modity were not larger than usual. The amount paid for duties yesterday was £19,248 17s lOd.”' According to the Ape, the task of providing for the deficit left the ’ Treasurer of the colony by the late Ministry assumes a severer aspect the more the finan cial position of the colony is studied. It transpires that in addition to the sum of £300,000 which Mr Berry will have to obtain from some source or other for the purpose of wiping out the debt of the colony, a sum of £lOO,OOO will have to be provided for the recouping of certain loan funds, and for which pur pose there are no funds available. It really begins to look as if the late Ministry was afraid to face the diffi culty they had created, and had taken the first oppor tunity that presented itself.for relieving themselves of the task. It is quite possible, according to the Age, that the medical commission that was to be appointed in the case of Mr Clow, the police-magistrate at Stieglitz, will not be needed, as circumstances have recently occurred that may render the action of such commis sion superfluous. A step that will prove a great boon to those who live in localities where there are post offices, but no telegraph offices, will (says the Age) bo taken by Mr Duffy as Postmaster-General. It is his intention to provide that any persona living at a distance from a telegraph station may post their message in an enve lope to the postmaster at the nearest town where there is a telegraph station. A shilling stamp placed upon the envelope containing the message will not only carry the letter to the postmaster at the tele graph station, but will also cover the cost of the transmission of tho message, providing that there are not more than ten words in the message sent. The Natal Colonist says:—“Union with,the Free State and Transvaal are still the principal topics of political conversation in the city, and interest in tho subject has been greatly heightened by Earl Kimber ley’s despatch to Sir H. Barkly, and; by the opening speech of the latter gentleman. It is now placed beyond further doubt that the principles of Federal Government, which have been adopted by the Dominion of Canada, are to be applied to South Africa.” • ■ , • The Art Union prizes fur distribution by the Early Closing Association, at the forthcoming concert and fancy fair, are now on view in Mrs Wood’s window, Sturt street. A mooting of Mr. F. Everingham’s committee will take place this evening, at Marsh’s Soho hotel.. A meeting of gentlemen favorable to the return of Mr Daniel lirophy for the southward will take place on Friday evening next, at Golden’s Victoria hotel, Errard street. . . The adjourned meeting of gentlemen; favorable to the Scott centenary festival will taku place this even ing, at the Camp hotel. ' A lecture will be delivered in the School of Mines on Friday evening next by Mr<de la Peer Wall, on “Lithology.” A, meeting -of ladies : interested in the Mechanics’ bazaar is called for this afternoon, at i o’clock. Vari ous interesting and important matters are to be dis cussed, [and it is hoped that all who can make it convenient will attend. Miss Haydee Heller's benefit last nizhtjdrew a good average house, and the charming entertainment given elicited much applause as it. in'truth deserved, the portraits of operatic and other characters being again one of the most amusing things in the programme. This evening Mr Heller will take his benefit, and give his last performance. Mr Lawrence, the lessee of the Theatre Royal, be longs to that gallant band of fighters who “ never say die." He and his intelligent associates have given in cessant variety, and with a pleasing evenness of re presentation, accompanied by generally good acting, and yet Ballarat has refused to support the company. Last night no fewer that three.new pieces were pro duced, but to so poor a house tbat many a manager would have refused to play to it. But in spite of all this Mr Lawrence fights on, like the British at Water loo, after, so say the French, defeat had come. In technical phrase, “ the ghost has not walked,” unless indeed it be the ghosts of unsatisfied players, but still the play goes on. Let a “ star ” come who will take out of Ballarat half tho money taken in the theatre, and playgoers will flock. So runs the world of play goers, it seems, and it is no use to complain after this if tho theatre be closed half the year. Last night, “Delicate Ground,” “Han the. Good for Nothing,” and “ Widow’s Victim ” were produced to a house that about paid for the gas. Alas for the “ poor players.” But their misery ends with the week, so far at least as bad houses are concerned, and then the theatre will be closed. Wo presume, until a “ star ” company comes. This evening the same bill will be repeated.' 