TW4LIALLA WH'IMS. "Motley 's the only wear." The great Walhalla feature of the week f has been "our Bazaar." Its purpose, to \- realiso funds to build a Church of England. It has been alhnost the " one a object in lifo" with the better (and when -I say better, I mean the fairer) portion 1 of our comnmunity, for many weeks past. r To say that they have worked for it con veys no idea of their industry-they have \- positively slaved for it. First we were I overwhelmed with an avalanche of" fair a colleetresses," who stuck us up at all r corners in open daylight, and, in defiance t of everything, made us subscribe what I ever they bade us; then wewero made to buy things to give to the ladies' com o mittee, which they unblushingly told us we should have to buy over again at the ) bazaar. Alter this, wherever you went you saw ladies, with what looked to me like two wooden skewers, busily engaged twisting coloured worsted into all sorts of mysterious combinations ; what theseoarti. I rles wore everintendod for I never could for the life of me dirine, and I never Burst enquire for fear of exposing my a ignorance. However, the nett result has proved it in every nway worth the troubleo f that was taken about it. The bazaar 0 opened on Saturdny, and Yarrn's largoe I hall presented quite an ireposing appear- I a nnoe. Apart frem the ladies themselves I who of coursewere the greatest attraction f (ahem), the articles there for sale must I have represented a large money value, and the first day was atremendnassuccess, n or, as ecstatic theatrical pufers say, a I "perfleatblae oftriumph,"and positively Ii assert that I was the only specimen of " Motley" there present. t In Walhalla the mining world is not ii remarkably flourishing, but there is no r reason to believe that we are in a worse condition than some of the mining centres a that are of more real importance, though a not more pretentious. I read that in c Clunes " the population has decreased by a 1,000 in twenty months, and out of 6U0 companies floated there three years and n a half ago, only two are dividend paying, two others getting gold, and that only sir t mines are being worked at present." C Great Clunes shows on a large scale some. a thing that has been paralleled in little I Walhalla. It is about twoyears ago that t an intense cerebral excitement was t developed here. It was caused mainly by the presence of a Ballurat speculator who c was believed to possess,almost fabulous powers of available capital, as well as of i influence in the mining world. Walballa was then to be taken in hand by Mr - , I and his friends in Ballarat, were to hbe fully informed of our extraordinary rich Cohen's quartz. Companies were formed rapidly, and persons who wore supposed to represent almost a miraculous sagacity in mining as a science wore entreated to accept of many shares and become directors ; success was appa rently a certainty. The result however has not been thus far propitious. Like 1 Clunes, our dividend paying companies c have dwindled, for at the present time we have only one company constant in its dividend-that is the Long Tunnel 1 Company. The Walhalla G. M. C. Re- d gistered has for some months been irre gular in its dividends, and so on along C the Coholis line. The Empress has not been profitable this far-it is sinking deeper, and the prospects of success are believed by competent men of sound in telligence, but who have not any miracu Ious mining science, to be favourable. The South Cohens, thanks to the sagacity of some down-country shareholders, who proforred prompt common-sense action to local self-interest, is to be placed finan oially in a working condition as soon as possible. Too much miinng lore, like learning, may drive men mad. There is a vast deal of Motley in mining even as in other magnates ; meantime our popu lation of miners is thriving, though want of constant occupation "Education, Re ligion and Politics" formed the subject of something politely called essays, that lately appeared in our local newspaper. I They were prefaced by the following wonderful invocation: "Rise, my mind I Rise on the golden wings of thought,-to the pure ethereal regions, where no contact with the matter which gave thee birth, may soil and hin der thy soaring flight to the inaccessible craggy heights of truth." This invocation gives such manifests- 1 tions of " Motley" culture, that I hasten to acknowledge the relationship, and I willingly promise to render the author the highest compliment in my power, for I will endeavour to understand him. An author in the first place assumes that he possesses n " mind," then he de liberately invites that mind to rest itself on a pair of golden wings, which belong to what is called thought. Having mounted upon this fluttering, uncom fortable sort of saddle, hi mind is then to take a balloon-like journey to the pure ethereal regions. I will hope that " thought" has not I boon guilty of any imminent intel lectual buck-jumping by the way, also that his mind has not been chafed or irritated, and that it arrives safely ; but no rest is allowed, for it is instantly t ordered to get quit of the "matter that gave it birth." This at least asierts the supremacy of mind over matter. The S author's mind being thus divested of all o human impediments and hindrance, com otences an impossible errand-it must then take a "soaring flight to the inae. S cessible craggy heights of truth." I find it very diflicult to analyse all this, but it t seems that my distingutshed relative hay. ing deliberately divested himself of the superfluous trifles of mind and thought, I has failed to show that ordinary reason and common sense remain to his own use and benefit, but possibly they also may I have been shuffled off with the "matter that gavr it birth." Thus I enn only infer,that, having indulged in and realised the rhlapHodicel invocation above men- t tioned, and the author being then with. out mind, thought, reason, or common sense, considered that he was in the pro. per condition to write an essay on E" ducation," &e.; I incline to this inference, because throughout the essay mind is evidently wanting, although thought appears to have left some faint, indistinct, ghost-like resemblance of it. self, but everything is naturally vague, confused, and incomprehensible. I regret my failure to understand my relation, because it deprives me of this opportunity of rendering my felicitations I to him, although I feel that in writing a learned treatise on Education, such a i plain, easily understood style of phrase may be made almost to match the sub. lime, when it is treated by the master ' intellect of a Motley professor. In Walhalla our German cousins are occasionally elated at the achievements of their brethren of the Fatherland; they are sometimes prone to be ever loquacious. One of them who bad been seriously thinking of lager-beer, was trying to be facetious, and endeavouring to chaff some Englishmen about the refusal of Government to grant money for our roads, bridges, &c.; His style was somethiug of this sort: Eh, you John Bulls, what will you do now, eh! how do you like your John Bull government? they tell you to govern yourselves, and to make your own roads. They will do nothing for you, they tell you to go to the devil, they make you pay for yourselves and so on. The Teuton chaff was a failure! the German mind, like its body, is not well adapted for light work, it is too ponderous and solid. We can easily answer our German cousins in their late victories; they have not done more or better than has been done formerly by Englishmen. But the "John Bulls" have done what the Teutons are only beginning to think of doing. The "John Bulls" have conquered not only foreign enemies, but they have conquered themselves, in other words, those "John Bulls" have conquered their own mode and form of government. As our German cousin's lager-beer may not be in the brain when he reads this, I will just add that the "John Bulls" he was laughing at, do as a matter of fact, govern themselves, and about two hundred millions of other men in all reasonable speech and reason, and govern them as far as possible by peaceful measures ; also, that at present the responsible chief political "John Bull" is simply a private gentleman, only a commoner, and one of the people. When will our German friends commence to do the same with regard to their national Government. There is much Motley even in the good German fatherland. The following curious paragraph is from the Argus:- "The Emperor William has issued a cabinet order in which the marriages contracted by officers of his army without his consent before the campaign, are declared illegal. To legalise them, new marriages with previous Imperial consent are necessary, because Prussian officers must obtain the express consent of their sovereign to contract a legal marriage." It must be en enviable position, and one quite worthy of motley, that of an officer in the German army. One would have thought that the King of Prussia, I beg pardon, the German Emperor, would have had almost enough to think about just now in re-organising the internal Prussian politics, and those of his empire. But we evidently cannot comprehend the enormous capacity of an Imperial mind. Have not his faithful soldiers borne his standard to victory and gained him glory and power? And how can he better show his gratitude, than by interesting himself in their domestic felicity. For myself I confess that in matters matrimonial I would rather please myself than even an Emperor; but that is, perhaps, a disloyal sentiment, arising out of my Motlean British ideas, or my inability to appreciate the benefits of such a very paternal government. The war made widows enough doubtless, but the Emperor, even in peace, practically makes both widows and widowers, and henceforth Fritz must not marry Gretchen, unless the Sovereign of Fatherland be willing to give his Imperial benediction, "Bless ye my children" at the ceremony. Happy Fritz! Happy Gretchen! 