Local and General News CARRIAGE ORDINANCE.-The provis- ions of the Ordinance No. 14, entitled "An Ordinance for licensing carts and carriages" has been extended to the town of Bunbury. A NEW line of road has been opened in the Murray District between the Murray Bridge at Pinjarrah, and the Perth-Albany Road, near the Narrogin Inn, has been opened for traffic as a main road. LECTURE.-Under the auspices of the Perth Young Men's Christian Association, Mr. Jessop gave his promised lecture on Monday evening last.- The subject chosen, " Ghosts, was one which delighted the lovers of the mar vellous, and admirers of Mrs. Cr we's "night side of nature,' many of whom were present. The text was well delivered, and. the lecturer well deserved the thanks tendered to him at the close of the entertainment. PENSIONERS' BARRACKS.-A very ne cessary and much needed- addition is about to be made to the Pensioners' Barracks, the tender of Mr. H. McGlew to erect an ablution room having been accepted. CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION.-The pre- mises now in the occupation of Mr. Y. Bola deras, at the corner of Barrack and Murray Streets, have been purchased by this society, and possession will be taken on the 1st January next. The site is well- chosen, and increased business will no doubt be the result of the con- templated change. Mr. Waller, for many years principal warder, and a person from previous experience in connection with a kindred society in Bermuda, is well qualified to conduct it, has been appointed Manager.- The Society, we are told, is in aprosperous condition. At the last half-yearly meeting a dividend of ten per cent, was declared and paid; and an addition made to the reserve fund. LEGAL.-In accordance with the pro- visions of the Ordinance No. 3, passed at the last session of the Legislative Council, entitled " An act to empower the Chief Justice to grant commissions for taking affidavits to be made use of in the supreme court, and for taking the acknowledgements of deeds executed by married women," the following gentlemen have been ap- pointed Commissioners :-J. L. Pulling, No. 3, Adelaide Place, London Bridge ; E. H. Barlee, No. 52, Old Broad Street, London ; W. Brown, Sandhurst, Victoria ; W. Crane, Sydney, New South Wales; R. H. Smith, Temple Court, Melbourne, Victoria ; H, J. Buckland, Hobart Town, Tasmania ; J. Keane, Brisbane, Queens- land; F. N. Beddek, Rockhampton, Queens- land; W. L. Fowler, Brisbane, Queensland; and J. B. Were, Melbourne, Victoria. EDUCATIONAL DISTRICTS.-The follow- ing gentlemen have been appointed returning officers, the day of election and polling place as given :-Albany, G. E. C. Hare, Court House, 8th Nov. ; Fremantle, J. G. Slade, Oddfellows' Hall, 9th Nov.; Geraldton, G. Eliot, Court House, 7th Nov. ; Greenough, E. H. Laurance, Court House, 8th Nov. ; Murray, J. G. Mur- ray, Court House, Pinjarrah, 9th Nov. ; Perth, A. Hillman, Town Hall, 7th Nov. ; Swan, S. W. Viveash, Court House, Guildford, 10th Nov. ; Toodyay, W. J. Clifton, Court House, Newcastle, 7th Nov. ; Vasse, J. S. Harris, Court House, Busselton, 7th Nov. ; Wellington, W. P. Clifton, Court House, Bunbury, 8th Nov.; York, W. Cowan, Court House, 7th Nov. LAND SALES.-Perth, 14th Oct., York suburban lots S 185 and 181, 10 acres, £1 per acre ; Albany, 18th September, suburban lot No. P 13, 30s. per acre, with £60 added for im- provements if other than the occupier purchase ; Geraldton, 8th Oct., town lot 200, £6 ; Bussel- ton, 4th Oct., Wonnerup suburban lot, No. 51, 4 acres, £1 per acre. W. A. TIMBER COMPANY.-The pioneer line of railway in this colony belonging to this company has been opened at the Vasse with much ceremony. His Excellency the Governor was unable, through press of important business, to be present, as was his intention. ELECTRO-MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH COM- PANY.-The works on the various lines have been pushed forward with commendable acti- vity. Some tons of wire have been landed at Albany, and the remainder of the plant has been shipped in the ' Palestine.' The superin- tendent, Mr, Fleming, has been ubiquitous from the commencement, and the several contractors have been no less energetic. The first half yearly dividend is now in course of payment by the acting secretary, Mr. J. DeC. Hillman. At the meeting lately held to elect a Chairman in the room of the lamented Major Crampton, Mr. Carr was chosen. To show the estimation in which the first Chairman of directors was held the following tribute embodied in a resolution was paid to his memory :-" The Directors of the Company deeply deplore the decease of their respected Chairman-Major Crampton-who, for the great interest he has taken in the Com- pany from the first, and through his kindness of disposition, earned the esteem of all brought in contact with him." ODDEELLOWSHIP.-The members of the City of Perth Lodge, the richest in the col- ony, had for some time past been desirous of purchasing a suitable piece of land on which to erect a lodge room, or property that would answer the purpose, as the Society had a con- siderable sum to credit. An opportunity offered a short time back, and was seized by this body who purchased the property in Murray Street, lately in the occupation of the late Mr. Solomon Cook, for the sum of £1,000. It is intended by the brethren to convert the upper portion of the building used as a forge, into a lodge room, and let the other buildings on the site. This pur- chase is a wise and remunerative one. A WRETCHED PUNSTER, leaning against the letter box opposite Mitchell's corner the other day, very languidly enquired of the tax gatherer,-who happened to be passing,-if all the cars in the city were licensed. ERRATUM.-In the letter signed J. H. W, C, published in our last issue, the word masters, in the 40th line, should have been ministers. _ _ ,'.sac 