ECHOES FBOM ENGLAND. (fbom oub spouting cobrkspondknt.) LONDON. Jan. 27. The frost is gone for the time, and we have a season of perpetual drizzle and everlasting squash. Now and then a gleam of sunshine breaks ont like a smile on the face of a miser, but mud, fog, and rain are the more general characteristics. Still, I suppose, the season may be considered seasonable enough. With the break up of the frost, various interrupted sports again commenced, and horses and hounds which had been eating their heads off in stable and kennel, once more got a breather over the fallows. A curious accident, by-the-bye, happened to a pack of hounds the other day. The Cheshire were out, and ran to Arly-halL Here the fox took straight for the large pool, which was still frozen from the late frost, and had been hitherto imperfectly tbawed. The fox went right across the ice, but when the whole pack of hounds dashed after him, just as they were half way across, it broke through, and let a large mass of the hounds into the water. There was no chance of their escaping, and the greater part of them must have been drowned, had not a groom of Mr. Warburton's, a young fellow named Taylor, volunteered to go in with a ope round his waist, and to do his rest to save them. This he did, and he contrived to save the lives of a com eiderable number, though three hounds were drowned on the spot, and two more died the next day, while others were left in danger. Unfortunately the leading hound of the pack was among the drowned, a loss not easily repaired. It was a plucky thing to do on the part of Taylor, and it is to be hoped that he will escape the probable rheumatism which might be expected to result from it. Touching bunting, for as there is no racing I must touch something, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals have poked their finger into that pie. They seem resolved on a crnsade against sports lately, and not long ago prose cuted Jemmy Shaw, the well-known ex positor of the science of self defence and the method of breeding bull- dogB, for a ratting case, and gained a conviction against him on a charge of cruelty to the dogs. This society also brought a charge against Lord Middle ton's hnnt, two horses having died at Birdsall after a severe day. The prosecution fell through, however, for it was shown in evi dence that the horses did not die until many hours after the hunt, and had adequate means been taken for their security they would probably not have died then. No doubt a certain amount of what very sensi tive people are inclined to call cruelty, is in volved more or less in all our sports, but I think that all that is requisite is to guard against needless and wanton cruelty. For it does not do to ride a hobby of this sort to death, for who shall say where cruelty begins or leaves off. If a man is to be prosecuted because he may have somewhat overridden a horse out hunting, there may be thousands of cases in every walk of life in which not only horses are overridden and overworked, but many other animals, including human beings, and that,-too, from prime ministers to cadgers. No, I beg pardon j gentlemen of die latter persuasion, take precious good care not to be overworked. Yon may kill a prime, minister or a first lord of the admiralty with overwork, but you must not kill a pauper. Well, I suppose it is all right. The world is turning upside down like a pyramid on its apex, and no doubt that iB its natural position. Racing, as I said in my last, "is slack, but still we have had a something to make a break in tbelougdoll winterofoardiscontent,and8m≪ though the.break maybe, it is-a break, for after many delays; prorogations,' and disap pointments, and five blessed weeks without a race of any kind, we contrived last week to get off the Finchley Steeplechases. This is not at all a new fixture, having been in existence for ten years or so, but lately It has incrpased in favour, particularly with the metropolitan division—though these home meetings give terrible offence to the dwellers in the land where they take place, and well they may, for a more disagreeable thing than a race meeting in your neighbourhood, within ten or a dozen miles of London, is hard, to meet with, and only those who have lived in such situations can realise it Imagine yourself a retired monger of some sort, from cheese, fell, or whatnot a member of the Board of St Botolph Without, of sundry companies, and haply even an aider man. It is a fine morning, let us say in antnmn, and you stand In your front garden admiring the roses, which are in roll bloomT lhere is a precious Monachal Neill Just opening in all its glories. There are tmoloe Pierre Nollings and. glorious Empress Eugenlas. Comes along the road a strange .shabby genteel vagrant, Who looks over the gate,kiasas his hand tcjour wife i»Sr? an alderman, toe indignant at such liberties; you remCiM&ete;, andare instantly celled "a melancholy pldhoffidlor,"toldto"shutup," to carry "your tripes somewhere else." Yon tion, andjie address^ the back to oomi ngr row or k*«i ■«: Then mnre fjpsi choicest roses for a nosegay for himself. Like roljpbemus, "you rage, you rave, you burn." He is a thick-set, low-browed, square-cropped, broken nosed fellow, and he coolly informs you that he will " jump your intestines out if you don't hook it," and he really looks as if he could and would do it on ver^ slight provocation. A few of his mates also stop and address all sorts of chaff to you and yours, while the rural bobby of the dis i trict gazes on at the scene in blank and helpless amazement. The majesty of the law, is unmistakably in a blue tank on the occasion ; and so the day drives on, every kind of vehicle and every kind of scamp in crowds pour by until the road is one cloud of dust, and your pretty front garden is coated over with it half an inch thick. Many drunken folks go to the races very many more come from them; roars °i obscenity, blasphemy, and yells of idiotic laughter, pass your door all day long and far into the evening, and at night I you must guard your property carefully on all hands if yon want to retain it. That is the sort of thing a metropolitan race meet ing brings you, because I have experienced it by living near to "appy Hampton" | as it is termed. No wonder the Finchley folks made a row and tried to put the races down last year and the year before. All that, can be said of the Finchley meeting is, that it was very well attended, and that the racing was better than it usually is there, the fields being pretty good, considering that so many of the horses must have had a long rest from work • but as they were mostly horses not very well known to fame, there is not much use in goiDg minutely into the running. There were six events for each day on the cards. Perhaps the principal of them on the first day was the Finchley Plate, which attracted 11 starters.. For this, Mr. Hare's Lightning was made the favourite, bat at the last fence he was challenged by Mr. Bitt's Defiance, by Stockwell, out of Lady Vernon, who drew on him at the stand, and beat him by a length, after a fine race. On the second day Defiance again won the Maiden Plate, beating Monsieur Louis by a couple of lengths, and four others. The ground was awfully heavy owing to the thaw and rain atter the long frost. I have no more racing news to give, for there is nothing doing, and even the betting jnsfc now is almost con fined to the Waterloo Cup Coursing Meeting. I had intended in this letter to commence a review of the great weght-for-age races of the coming season, and to estimate the chances and performances of the principal candidates, but as this is to be the last " Echo from England " which yon will have from me, it is useless to commence an investi gation which could not be finished, as it wonld run through three or four more letters, and therefore I abandon the idea. Talking of the Waterloo Cup, it seems very likely that a very near neighbour and friend of mine, Mr. Punsbard, who lives not 100 yards from me, is likely to have a remarkably good chance of winning it. No nomination has gone np till his has ; bat a fortnight or so ago it was at 50 to 1, and yesterday a large sum of money was laid at 25. He has expended a good deal of pains and money on his kennel, and has a remarkably fine team of dogs. He will cer tainly prove adangeronsopponent, though for the present Lord Lurgan stands firm at the top of the tree. If he runs Master M'Grath again, I for one do not think he can pall through. It is his third year, and he has been at the stud, and that never improves a dog. However, time will show, and, of course, I hope the Cup may come into my neighbourhood. I know that my friend will fill it literally with the best staff chat money can bay if it aoes. This is not the time of year when aquatic pursuits (barring perhaps skating and duck shooting) are in much vogue; nevertheless, our jolly young watermen have not been quite idle, for the great pair-oared match on the Tyne, spite of fair weather or foul, cold or wind, was brought off last week. The com petitors were the champion Renforth, and the ex:champion Kelley, against Taylor and Winship. Three out of these four formed the champion crew which bore the palm of victory away both on the Thames and Tyne. For, leaving .Kelley oat, who is a Thames man, the other three, Renforth, Taylor, and Winship, with Maitin, beat the Thames crew, Hamerton, Kelley, Sadler, and M'Ganger, both on the Thames and Tyne; and not satisfied with the championship of England, they went across the Atlantic to St. John's to gather fresh laurels, and they hnmbled the pride of Canada on Lachine. A difference of opinion occurred during that expedition which gradually culminated in the present match. Taylor and Winship were looked upon as the best pair afloat, and it was thought, that the Champion, in selecting Kelley for a partner, had ratherjovermatchea himself against them, as it was held that each incongruous styles as those of Kelley and himself never could be got into the har mony and high pitch of working order which is so very requisite in a pair-oar, and added to this, it was qnite certain that Kelley had seen his best day, so that at the commencement of: the match it was looked on as a good thing for Taylor and Winship.. How ever, when Kelley went to Newcastle, and had his first spin on the Tyne with Renforth, this cognoscenti were very much. surprised, and saw some reason to change their opinions, and from that time the two champions became the favourites, and by the mqrning of the race 6 and 7 to 4 was laid on them. Mr Oldham, of Newcastle*, was selected as < referee. Here are the particulars of the age, weight, height, &c.;, of the men:— James Renforth, 5ft 7£in., list 21b., 28 years; Henry Kelley, 5ft 81 in., list 3lb., 39 yean; Thomas Winship, 5ft 7Jin.t list, 27 years; James Taylor, 5ft 7jin., lfist 21b., 34 years, Kelley and Renforth roared in a new boat buflt for them by Jewett, the dimensions of which were length 35ft. width 16in., depth 6Mn., and weight 531b. The boat of Taylor ana Winship was built by William Taylor; her length was 35ft, width 15ln., depth 6Ain. Tins is oertainly next door but one to sitting on a sunbeam. The morning was windy avol Showery, and the river so rough that few would have venmted out for choice; as the daydiew on,'however, things got better; a fair Biart, was effected, and the boats got away onpretty equal terms.. For a little way there was no choice between them, Jade ■ as good as his master, but the champion tokened the stroke, and improved the paoe Lhtly, while Ids opponents were already g their ^best The improvement told, . inch by inch they drew ahead, rowing lutifolly together, notwithstanding the qh state of the river, until they had • iter of a length the best of it Their .jnenta seemed to get a little wild at this, ie, and this enabledKelley and Renforth to «se theft lead to half a length, ami sell drew on until off the timber-yard they just dear. At Skinner's Burn they « their* opponents' water, and "gave: >m their back with. From jhis point Was > «U; over, for though Taylor gal; ibip: spirted > very ; gundy, and de* —ed* the distance for a moment, an' kwerfng spurt from lbs champion again in-. ~ is distance, mid this was j^hsr increased until, as they passed Redheugk bridge they had a lead of three lengths. At the Elswick boat-house a hugh floe of ice very nearly caused grief to Eenforth and Kelley, and enabled their opponents to pick up their ground, so that there was a bare boat's length difference when they got to work again. This seemed to put the champion and his partner on their metal, for they put the Bteam on and rowed away from their opponents hand over band till tney were four lengths a-head. At the Annie the ordinary channel was blocked with ice, and this the leaders did not see at first, and so again lost a good deal of ground, but once past the Annie they rowed away from Taylor and Winship just as they nleasea, and came in some 200 yards ahead of them, the distance from High Level to Scotswood bridge being completed in 26m. 22£s.—'very good work for such lumpy water. The billiard season is now in full activity, and matches are going on between the dons ■every week. The largest score ever made yet was accomplished by Cook, a short time since, when playing with Bennett an exhibition match at St. James's-halL Eight or nine fears ago I saw old Roberts play a match with, towns. the hatter in the Strand, who rather fancied himself, but who had not a ghost of a chance, for Roberts made an example of him. In the course of the match he scored between 300 and 400, I think close on 350, making 92 spot hazards out of the score. This was the highest break ever played then, and for years was ' not equalled. However, younger players and fresh nerves fol lowed in the old man's track, and that they went further than he did is not very astonishing, Bennett (who is now the champion), Cook, and his own son being now all superior players to anything Roberts sen. ever could achieve, Cook, in particular, from the extraordinary length of his Bpot stroke breaks, showing his superiority over the great originator of the spot stroke at his own game, Cook having at various times made scores (all exceeding Roberts's best Bcore) of 359,367, 373, 38S, 394, 417, 512, and 531\. On the 14th, however, while playing a match of 1,000 up with Bennett, he got hold of the balls at 350, dnd won the game straight off; and being requested to play out the break, added above another 100 to the score, by carrying the total score of the break on to 752. Out of this break of 752, GGOwere scored by 220 spot strokes. Twice he lost the spot, and had to play a few all-round strokes before reco vering it again. The skill and command of muscle, nerve, and strength which is dis played in such a break are marvellous. But the spot stroke threatens to extinguish the beautiful variety of billiards, and to concen trate it all upon one mechanical sort of opera tion, involved in walking backwards and forwards round the end of the table, and poking the red alternately into either top pocket; it becomes deadly wearisome, I think, after a time. Of course everybody now goes for the spot stroke and nothing else, and it is "How may spots can you make?" "I made seven spots yesterday, and six last week," and so on; and if the table is unoccupied for five minutes somebody is certain to begin practising the spot stroke. My old fellow-labourer, Caven dish, who has a shrewd eye for the signs of the times, is busy writing a small book on the spot stroke, with the co-opera tion of the champion, Bennett, whose name of coarse will help it off, as he says every marker in England must have a copy, and every, leg must have one, and a good many private players will have one besides, so that some thousands of them must be in request. Since I commenced this letter another sudden change has taken place in the weather, arid our pleasant interregnum from the frost is gone, and it is freezing and snow ing away again as hard as ever; and we are told by Professor Airey that we are to have another month of hard weather. I hope and trust not, fot of all the dreadful nuisances to a paterfamilias and a householder, having all your water-pipes frozen aud all your cisterns bunged up is the worsts and ominous is that sonnd for your domestic peace of mind when Mary comes in and says " Please, sir, Cook says there aint no water, and she h'aint a drop to bile for tea." Or, Oh, sir! Please'm, the water-pipe's busted, and it's all a running in a stream through the drawingroom ceiling." Ah, it's no joke, I can tell you! and so our little glimpse of inter-bybemal sport is gone again, and as there was little to tell before of cricket, fishing, athletics, &c.;, there is even less now, and so with the latest state of the betting, which 1 enclose, I bring my letter to a con clusion, and as tins is the last of them, I wish my audience farewell with all kindly wishes for their future amusement and in struction. F. F. 