PRINCE OF WALES OPERA HOUSE. ? a ? — ' ?' v , ? Mr. Tavares,' .with. Miss Surtees, opened, a short engagement on Saturday evening last, with ' Hamlet '? as the opening piece. In ?the title role Mr. Tavares appeared,' and ?was well and . favourably received, and ap plauded throughout the play for his really ad mirable impersonation. Miss Rosa Cooper as . the Queen, with Mr. Bartlett as the Ghost, Mr. ?? Holloway as the King and Mr. C. Young as the First Grave- digger, were all that could be '??-? desired. On Monday Mr. Tavares appeared in . -c London Assurance' and made' a very favour able impression. On Tuesday 'Two Roses' -was produced. This evening ' After Dark' ?will be produced. This drama, the greatest of Boucicault's greatest sensational productions, was on a former occasion produced at the Prince, and with great success. The present .cast is a very strong one. :- ??'?? . - ? : ? A — : ? The' Agent General. — It is stated, that immediately on the opening of the Session an address to the GoA'ernor will be moved, praying that the salary of the Agent General be increased to £1500. Several dispatches from Mr. Cowper will be laid before the Assembly anent this matter. The Coming Event. — On Tuesday next liis Excellency the Governor, will open the ferth : 'coining Session of Parliament at twelve noon. , ? Brisbane. — -The Queensland Pai'liament was opened by special commission on Tuesday last. Mr. Forbes (the Government candidate) was elected by a majority of seven votes over the Opposition candidate, Mr. Ramsay. The Marquis of Normanby formally opened the Parlia ment on Wednesday. The Lately Appointed Police Magis trate foe. the Bellinger. — On Friday, the 3rd instant, a number of magistrates resident in the . Macleay district held a meeting at Kempsey to protest against the appointment of Mr. J. F. M'Carthy, as Police Magistrate of the Bellinger. ? They resolved to petition the Government on the matter. The Stamp Act and its Transgres sors. — The War/ r/a Wagyq Express and other jour nals, state that during the late Ministerial visit across the border, no less a personage than Mr. / George Lord, the Colonial Treasurer, drew and cashed several cheques unstamped. This breach of the law by its maker is only equalled by the fact that shortly after the introduction of the Stamp Act it was 'currently reported that Sir James Martin had given an unstamped receipt : for a sum over two pounds. The holder, ' so the report goes, wa3 repeatedly requested by several persons to whom he showed the same, ? to exhibit it for public information, but this course, he feared, lie said,1 to adopt. .; Sticking up of the Cassillis Mail. — : Relative to this, a .telegram dated Thursday Nov.' 2nd., says :— Last evening, about 7 o'clock, as the mail coach was approaching the Wap ' pinguy 'Mountain, the driver, Cummins, saw two. men in the middle of the road, obstructing Ms way. He called on them to let him pass, when they toicl.hiin to stop, and come down off .... the coach, which lie did. He was made to turn liis back to the robbers whilst they ripped open the niail-bags and abstracted the registered letters, not interfering with the others. Having ;, satisfied themselves, they decamped, and allowed the mailman to go on his way. Guin iriinsgave information to the police, and .senior constable Hogan and constable Small, accom panied by the mailman, -started in pursuit this morning. ' They came up wjith two men, named ? Campbell and Brennan, about six miles from the scene of the robbery. Both of them were indentified by Cummins as the men who had stuck' him tip tli9 previous, evening. No fire arms or' registered letters were found on them ; but thev were both taken hi charce. and 'are liowin Merriwa lock-up. . ?? . , , Murder of* /Bishop Patteson. — - The Jessie Kelly, from Noumea, on last Saturday, brings intelligence of the murder of Dr. \ Patteson, Bishop of the Church of England Missions in tlie Soitth. jSeas,;and; the. (.Rev. J. Aitkin,: (a , missionary) at Nukapu. one of the CLime Islands oh' the 20$k£optemi:ei\last..; The brutal murder ??? was committed, it is alleged, in\rfitaliation for the hostile acts pf,;a' ,slave tra-icr, a labor . schooner, a few days previously. , . .'j-'he murdered Bishop was always a devoted friend to the poor natives, and a determined opponent of the slave trade now openly, engaged in, in the South Seas. This news of his sad .fate has caused- a general expression of indignation against those to whose acts this terrible crime is supposed to be attri buted. Released' Prisoners' Fund. — The meeting of the committee of rhis fund, adver tised to take place on Tuesday last, lapsed, through non-attendance of a sufficient number of members. : 