DEEAM BOOKS. Onr readers will remember the dcsoent rqion a nest of wizards made by the police a s'lio'rt time since, and the curious statistics that were; elicited in connectiou with the raid as to the number of clients who came to the magicians in. order to procure glimples into futurity, at a rate which vfiried from six- pence to half-a-crown; Besides the modern practitioners in the oucult arts who venture to predict in the slums, it .should he known that this branch of business hiis a special and very peculiar literature. The progress of the .ago has; indeed, done away with our . more grateful superstitions. Even iir Orahbe's time the poet could , deplore the decay of the pictueresqne and fanciful myths — No more the midnight fairj' tribe I view , All in the merry moonshine tippling dew ; Even the last lingering fiction of the brain. The churchyard ghost, is now at rest again. But the belief in the' dark aiiil uninlighteued provinces of the imaginative world conliuiues its hold iqion the ignor.ant. Droain-bobks;:for the million ai:e bought hy thqusaiuls, and: lye are obliged to pass laws to prevent silly people from being cozened nut of. their money by he clever rogues who : sot up for being prophets with a simple stock in trade of unlinuted assurauoc, a barrister's gown, a few lizards in bottles, and hieroglyphic ijictures hung upon' the walls of the Consulting garret. The 'popular dream-hook is r- singular production. Cheiroraanoy has vene rable, and even respectable tr.aditions, but in , the hands of , thp profess, ir who h.as eonqjilcd the currc-.it treatise for tlie use of maid- servants and btlicrs, the art 'or science of dream interpretation has miserably degenerated. The ryork is oriiamoutod witli a frpntispieoo rcpresonting the sleep vision of Joseph — Josexjh coloured blue, with the sheaves of corn behind Iiiin, a sickle-moon overhead, ' and the suu with a jolly face- and Eliz.adethan ruff, surrounded by a family of stars, . smiling, between a coupl'c of palm trees. The treatise, however, does net dwell upon ,Scriptiira,l illus trations. Business commences alxjhabetioally at' the very first p.ago. The dreamer is supposed to look out the word whioli furnishes i the key-:: note of his vision. For in stance, under tlie head of. " Abscond," you find that " to dreain that yoir abscond, or rim away, is a ligh that yon are in danger of acting dishonourably- therefore beware." It will be seen th.-it bore tho. inter- pi-eter discloses a ceitain amount of psychpio:. gioal dunning. Tlic same remark applies to half the so-called ' interpretationk 'Occ.asidniilly, however, bold' aiid rather arbitrary surmises are miidc. . " Acadehi'iT-To dream that you are inaster or mistress of an acadqmy,, indicates that you will be rediiced in circumstances:; if single, that j'oiir intended 'niafriagc will be 'ch'affictcr- isod by adversity." The' author of tins ex- lilanatioii has evidently as great a coiitemx't for the , man, who,;keex)3 a school :as: the worthy father, of Boswell It is to bo npted, aiso, that every dream is supxjosed to bear in one way or another on the subject of imitfiniony; A dreain by a iuarrled lady in which .icdrns turn ux); ia,,an lussnrance that .she will, :be shortiy blessed with .twins.' -Again, if a sx)inster dfeains tliat she is in' an' ale-iibusc," it ' is for a sign that lier future spouse will be a lover, of dissixiation and low haunts. A vision: of angels forebbdos a similar yisitation to that indicated by the dream of acorns. If -a wamau 'dreams of an ass, she may be comfbrtbd by the refledtioh that her pi'dbahle partner -will have a; contented aiid jiatient temper.- ; It;is:a fortunate '.thiug,: for anybody to come aerpssra badger iu sleep. . .'This animal is a token, of loiigGvlty, wealth, and foreign travel (uhcbmpuF sory)'; ' Oir ; the 'othei'han'cl,-'' lmware 'of hearing the bagpipes- ill yoiu- slumber.'' - They signify XJpyerty and,. matrimonial, :squalls.,j On tho .coh: trary, the; call of a biiglo leuotes good luck and news froui," .abroad of 'li jileasiiig ehaftteteri Btoleiny- is quoted' to XJi'bve' that; dre'aniin'g of clover-is a fortunate sign ; Iience, perliaxis,. i our vulgjir.proyeyb to the same eflcct,, ,; Tp,dream of foastiug signifies illness.' Here tlie ' iiitprpreter has tiykeii a liiiit frpin the doctor. Tlie- Stbmach in .a disordered condition is frequently subject to visions of moatsf.aud liquids. i -LA dream- of being ill gaol is termed: a dream of contr.ary, aiid prpm,- ises success iii busihess,_ A ' visibu;' of a XJoiice magistrate uiay bo reclcbne'd, > ;'gbbd bf'hu'evil omen, according to the' eburse the trial lieforP his worship; take.s. - Visitors to the :Str.angers' Gallery of , the House of Gommo.is in , .slepx) should be on their guard against domestic per plexities and turmoils. The second division of the fortune-seeker's vada mccuvi consists of chapters on Physiognomy and Chiromancy, The physiognomy is xiartially derived from the xdirenologlcal charts issued (without aiithnrity) in the n.ame of Gall and Simrzheim, .and would be more correctly entitled Bnmpolog-made-easy. The chiromautic de partment is far more ambitious, aud is stufted \yith an odd jargon, such as the Qanliucu, or line of life ; the Epatica, or natural mean ; the Cephalica, or brain line ; the Cinrpilum, Viineria, or the girdle of Venus ; the il/en.sa, or table containing the path of fortune. Each of these lines h.as a scx>arate explanation attached to it, which is duly broached and classified. The _ palmist writes in a grave and quasi-learned fashion, despising intelligibility, in siioh stylo as thus : — ' ' A long life is promised from the horoscope, and the luminaries being not impc- dito, although the moon is now afflicted by a quartile of Mars ; yet the progress of the horo scope is first to the oppositiou of Saturn where of." Chiromancy is followed up by a system of prognostic.ation through the observance of moles, marks, aud scars. A molo on the loft leg por tends rashness, a mole on the i-ight leg thought- fulness, a lady with a mole on her anklo has for a surety a spice of the termagant in her dis position. Wo next come to cards, with which fortunes are to bo decided Ijy "geomautic lot." The occult value and significance of each con stituent of the pack is laid down, and then ensue a series of garnes "hy which fortunes are told in a singular and most diverting manner." After the c.ards we are introduced to notes upon " Tra ditional Observations." Ladies are told the luckiest colours to marry in, .and the happy days for : that ceremony. Then the author leads ns into the xH'ofonnder niysteries of charms and iiioaritations. The receipts for the oharms are specified as distinctly .as the prescriptions of a; cookery book. ' Many of the charms are of ancient and poetic origin. The germ of Keats' " Eye of St. Agues " is to be found in the qiiaint, disticli to' be rexjeated ' by the maid curious to know who her spouse-is to he, after a twentj'- fonr hours' .ahstinence from everything but pure' spring water, : : ' - ' ; St. .'- gnes, be a friend to me ; In the gift I ask of thee : . Let nie this night my husband sec. The remainder of the str.ange volume is occu pied ' with hints as to niethods of "aiscbverhig character, from' outward axipearances, and it must bp; admitted that the suggestions are marked by a considerable .amount of shrewdness and .analytical force. Ludeed,, with, this hook thoroughly mastered, the Lambetli or White-' cb.axJel witch or wizard might make some bx- celleut prophetical shots. - No doubt the work' is employed by these gentry,; but we have been- given tb understand that its eirculatipn amongst; our XJoorer , classes -ivho ban' road is -very large, several Halifax' editions ' consisting 'of some thousands, being "exhausted in a few months. We recpnimend. a consideration of tlie fact to, those who are eoncorned ayith the moral, ediica-: tion of the ebmmuiiity.. The xioor will have, their suxjerstitions as \yell .as the rich. The deco ration of Mr. Home :by- foreign potentates must' not be forgotten when we are inclined to sheer over the hook of nonsense ayliich the housemaid and the footiban uccexit as, a book of f.ate, peer-, into it for promises of that .addition of romance to their lives whicli our natiirecr.aves for in everyf social, level to which it is elevated, , or-to which it isrediiced. . , - ; . . ; 