The Week. The English mails which should have arrived bv the City of Melbourne on Monday evening, were de tained in San Francisco by the post-office authorities of transmission per Moses Taylor, as they were marked ' via New Zealand.' This is extremely vexatious. It is pro bable the letters will not be received in Sydney for the next three weeks. A telegram was sent to ihe Postmaster* General of London from tne ban Jbrancisco post-onloe, asking permission to alter the route by sending the mail on with Captain Grainger, in reply to which the home pastel authorities stated they had no power to alter existing con tracts — whatever that may mean. A telegram from London to San Francisco, dated June 15, states that a marriage is arranged betweea Princess Thyra, of Denmark, and the Duke of Edinburgh. ! The Hon. John Robertson (Chief Secretary), accompanied by the Inspector-General of Police, Mr. Charles Cowper, W.P.M., and Mr. Halloran, paid a visit of inspection on the 21st July to the Indus trial School at Biloela Island. We understand that, although in several instances some of the inmates have proved insubordinate, the reports in reference to the mis conduct of the majority have been exaggerated. The Chief Secretary went over the school, and ordered the release of several girls who were under punishment. As a rule the inmates behaved themselves decorously, and it was con sidered that the school could be properly conducted and kept in subordination by the exercise of a littfo judgment and tact. It is intended to make some alterations in the establishment, the accommodation will be increased, new regulations issued, and steps will be taken to reward those of the inmates who are recommended for good conduct. The half-yearly meeting of the Newcastle Gas Company was' held on Thursday, and a dividend of 8 par cent, declared. Mr. T. Garrett has resigned his seat as a mem ber for the electoral district of Shoalhaven. His resigna tion is dated Friday, July 21st. It is currently reported that the Government have appointed Mr. Garrett Police Magistrate at Berrima. — The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has issued a writ, and made the following arrangements for the election of a Member to serve in the present Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, for the electoral district of Shoalhaven, in room of Mr. Thomas Garrett, resigned : — Place of nomination, Nowra; date of writ, 26th July; date of nomination, 2 let August ; polling day, 28th August; return of writ, 2nd October. A special general meeting of the Australian Library and Literaiy Institution was held at Mr. A. H. Richardson's offices, on the 24th. The shareholders and oro prietors present were— Hon. Charles Campbell, Hon. John. Campbell, Mr. Thomas Walker, Dr. Garran, Captain Burn, Mr. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.A., Mr. Chapman, Mr. James Nor ton, Mr. William Perry, Mr. William Forde, and Mr. A. H. Richardson. The chairman of the institution, the Hon. Charles Campbell, having been called to the chair, read the advertisement convening the meeting; also, a letter from Mr. Williams, Crown Solicitor, dated 22nd June last, reporting completion of the conveyance of the property to the Government, and explained that the affairs of tho in stitution having been brought almost to a conclusion, it only remained for the meeting to consider as to the best way of disposing of a small caBh balance of about £20, which remained over after paying all ex penses, inclusive of a vote of £5 5s. for reosn t clerical assistance to the committee. Whereupon, it was moved by Dr. Ganan, seconded by Mr. Perry, and unani mously earned, — 'That the remaining balance of tho Library fund, after purchase and dispatch to the proprietors and shareholders, of 120 copies of the Sydney Morning Eerald, containing the report of this meeting, (be handed over to the committee of the Free Library, for the purchase of books.' The thanks of the meeting were given to the chairman, the Hon. Charles Campbell, and the other honorary officers — Mr. Forde and Mr. Richardson, and. to the members of the committee, for their services]; and the meeting directed that a letter should be written to Mr. Williams, Crown Solicitor, requesting that the minute books and other documents of the institution might be placed in tho Free Library for preservation. The affairs of the Australian Library and Literary Institution were then declared to be closed, and the meeting terminated. The Mudgee Pastoral and Agricultural Exhibi tion, held on Thursday (according to telegram), was very largely attended by the public, the weather being remark ably pleasant. The best display was in cattle, the short horns especially being the finest ever shown in the district. The sheep in general were much out of condition, this being more noticeable in regard to the rams. The ewes were exceedingly good. Mr. Robert Lowe and Messrs. Francis and James Cox were awarded the chief prizes for cattle, and Mr. Charles and Mr. George Henry Cox took nearly all the sheep prizes It is stated that a monster meeting of miners is to be held at Newcastle in reference to a rise in the price of coal, and to wageB. A meeting was held at the Cowner Wharf Hotel, Forbes- street, on the 22nd, to take into considera tion the resolutions of the City Council for the erection of Fish and Produce Markets, at Woolloomooloo Bay. The room was crowded at the close of the proceedings. AMm-map Raphael, having been called upon to take the chair, that though he was supporting the present Mayor in his endeavours to reduce the debt left by his predecessors, thought a large and influential district like Woolloomooloo was entitled to a produce and fish market, and,_ therefore, he would heartily support them in their efforts to obtain it. Economy must be exercised in less important works. There could not be & better time thnn fliA nrnomf fA homn j.1. ? would then be a probability of its being ready for use when eeaBon 041,116 He hoped that the market would be constructed eo as to ensure coolness and oleanlineBS. both essentials for the storage of fish. He regretted that Alderman Oatley was not present with the plans ; and again assured them that he would energetically co-operate jp- the erection of the market. Dr. Patterson proposed, — That, in the opinion of this meeting, a fish and produce market is most urgently required by the citizens of Sydney and the public in general, and the opinion of this meeting is that the site reserved for the markets, Forbes-street, Woolloomooloo Bay, is the most central position for both citizens, producers, and fishermeD, as well as for the health of the citizens.' He thought a fish market was essential in a place like Sydney. In all the cities and many of the 6Q1&11 towns on ihe British, coast, they were found to be necessary. ^ The health officer of this city had drawn, tne attention of the aldermen to the disgraceful way in which the fish were thrown out upon the wharf, mixed up with du6t, and afterwards washed in the dirty water near the sewer at the Circular Quay. No fish, after such treatment, conld do any good to the human system. It behoved the alder take notice of the Health Officer's report, and erect a hen and produce market as soon as possible. Mr. C. Martin would second the resolution if the words ' most central were altered to ' most suitable.' This having been done, Mr. Holdsworth supported the resolution, point ing out that the money had already been voted by the Municipal Council for the market. He believed that the proposed site was not only the most suitable, but also the most central. He strongly condemned the present arrange ments for providing Sydney with fish. Mr. Spenoe said that this market was one of his own propositions many years ago; and he had got the engineer to peg out the 6ite. They ought to enter into the matter heartily, and get not only a fish market but a general market erected. The resolution was unanimously agreed to. Mr. Rushton moved,— « That the following V1Z'» Messrs. Spence, Harmer. Holdsworth, j^th, Johnson, and Dr. Patterson, form a deputation to the City Councd on Tuesday next, at 11 a. m. . requesting them to cany out the above resolution.' We learn by telegram that a report has been f°n€r i040 that a new reef has been discovered at Trunkey three feet in width, on the Victorian Com pany 8 ground, and that a crashing from it has yielded 7 oz. to tiie ton. In our advertising columns will be found the schedule for the Spring Exhibition under the auspices of ihe National Agricultural Society of 'V ictoria. This is to £ hdd in the middle of October next. It will be confined tn horses, cattle, eheep, 1 swine, poultry, implements, and marfiinery ; but tbe prize list will show what an immense *jirietv in all classes are provided for. For cattle alone +wpntv-five prizes are offered, for horses twenty-six, sheep cirteen swine fourteen, poultry twenty-nine, implements twenty! and machinery eight. The money to be distributed amounts in the aggregate to £1200, the respective SmrinR from £1 to £25. The show is to be held on C^fthe 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st October, under the patronage of his Excellency Viscount Canterbury, K.C.B., Governor of Victoria. . . , The Marquis of Normanby and party visited Ballarat on Wednesday. The works of the new building for the N.S.W. n.„f numb, and Blind Institution are progressing satisfac * rflv The walls are up to the floor of the first story in tho f rnnf nortion ; and the centre portion of the back buildings, and the kitchen and out-offices, are fast being battened for twites The building now begins to show its fine pro portions and architectural beauty, very much improved bv the position it occupies. The committee recently Sia a meeting on the ground, to see progress and consult Mr Backhouse, the architect, on various matters of im 7 tVipv were much pleased to receive a quiet and P°rt w^ious from his Excellency the Earl of Itelmore whose great interest is abundantly shown by this JarlvcaU, bo soon after his return only on Saturday last from New Zealand. The effect of the patent pressed white and coloured bricks is now visible, and is so chaste as will no floubt lead to their more general use. The name of the builder is to be worked on these coloured bricks upon the -frnnt and will have a very fino effect; there is also an ineeriDtion, at the recommendation of his Excellency the Governor to be cut in the stone head of the principal door entrance, consisting of a text of scripture taken from the 35th chapter of Isaiah, 5th and Cth verses. The enclosing, lajing-out, and planting of the grounds is to bo taken into consideration at once, so as to make a commence ment early in the spring. The sum necessary to claim the vote of Parliament, of £2000, is now in hand, and appli cation is being made for it. This will leave about £1000 to collect to cover the estimated cost. Most of this from the liberal responses already made, will be obtained before the building is completed, so that very little, if any, of a debt will remain when the building is occupied. The committee of the Wool and Pastoral Association of New South Wales held a moeting on the 21st instant, to which also other members were invited by advertisement, and was very well attended ; Mr. J. B. Watt, the president, in the chair. The principal business before the meeting was the appointment of six gentlemen resident in England, but connected with the colony, to form a committee in London in connection with a similar number from each of the other colonies, to promote colonial interests, but especially in inference to the wool sales, and to consider proposed amendments to the'Cattle Stealing Pre vention Act. After an interesting discussion as to what had lately been accomplished by way of improvement in tbe treatment of colonial wools at tho London sales, and what still required to be done — in which the Chairman, Hon. T. Holt and S. D. Gordon, M.L.C.s, Messrs. T. S. Mort, Willis, Molineaux, Buckland, A. Stuart, and L. S. Donaldson (of the Brewarrina Association) took part— a ballot was taken, and from the names of a number of gentlemen proposed, the following were elected, viz.: — Sir D. Cooper (convener), Messrs, W. Mort, James Alexander, A. Busby, A. Macleay, Edward Hamilton. In reference to the Cattle-stealing Prevention Act, it was determined to collect all the sug gestions that had been made from time to time by different members, and hand them over to the Law Reform Com mission now engaged in considering an amended Act. The matter of the establishment of central sale yards was also considered, but there seemed a great diversity of opinion as to the best site to be recommended to the Muni cipal Council for their consideration, and therefore no con clusion was arrived at. Mr. F. H. Uangar was nominated a member of committee in place of Major Fanning, gone to England. In the city, prosecutions under the Stamp Act are still going on. On Thursday four cases of the kind came before the Water Police Court. Two of the defendants were fined £10 each. The Waterloo Congregational Church has lately been enlarged, so as to afford accommodation for a corgregation of two hundred and eighty persons. The interior of the edifice presents a neat and comfortable appearance, and is well lighted by reflected gas-burners from the ceiling. Special services to commemorate the re opening were held on Sunday, the 23rd, by the llevs. S. C. Kent, J. Graham, and W. Bradley— the congregations being large. Last evening a tea meeting was held in the . building. About three hundred persons partook of the social cup. A public meeting was held afterwards, the church being crowded. Mr. Durham presided, and was surrounded on the platform by tho Revs. W. Bradley (the pastor), T. Johnson, S. C. Kent, T. Roseby, LL.B., R. N. Morris, B.A., Kirby, and A. Lloyd. After devotional exercisos, Mr. Foskett read the report of the Building Fund, from which it appeared that the total expenditure had been £422. That towards this £240 had been {bor rowed from a building society; that from subscriptions and the proceeds of tea meetings a further sum of £107 had been received ; and there remained still a deficit of £75. The meeting was addressed by Various ministers, and the ?choir sang several anthems during the course of the even ing. A collection was made in aid of the Building Fund before the meeting closed. A case which, while appearing as a simple charge of assault, seems to involve a more serious offence, was investigated at tho Water Police Office on Wednesday, where Alexander Longmuir, master of the schooner Challenge, was informed against for having, on the 23rd April last, on board the British schooner Challenge, while anchored off a certain island in the Pacific Ocean, called Torres, unlawfully beaten and wounded a man, name unknown. The following facts were brought out by the witnesses who were called by the Crown Solicitor : — On the date mentioned the vessel arrived at Torres Island in the Pacific Ocean, and anchored in a bay about a quarter of a mile from the shore. The schooner was visited by a number of natives who swam from the island, and who did not appear to possess canoes. They inspected the ship and, having satisfied their curiosity, returned as they came by swimming. The next day (Sun day) a number of the natives again came on board, and while six of them were in the hold (enticed there as one of the witnesses stated by two Tanna men) the hatch was ordered to be put over it by the captain. Two Tanna men who were on deck proceeded to carry out the order, but the hatch fell through, and a boat was put over the hold to supply its place. The natives below then commenced discharging arrows and throwing stones on deck, wounding two of the crew, and afterwards attempted to cut a hole through the snjp, below the water line, to enable them to escape. At this time the ship was underway, and the captain, fearing that the vessel wonld be lost, ordered the boat to be taken off the hatch, and the natives came on deck and jumped overboard, the vessel being then about four miles from the shore. Previous to this one of the Tanna men, who was j!*?' ^ear™S for his life, had attempted to come up the natch, but was struck on the head by the captain with a handspike and knocked belew. The accused was com ?Butted for trial on this charge, and also on another of a similar nature, Mr. Darley reserving the defence. At the beginning of the present week there soine smart showers at Bathurst, very much to the gratification of the farmers. It was not generally required, ut dispelled the fears of lengthened drought. The crops .ofm W J;^011t Carcoar. There have been heavy falls snow. The oats and wheat look very promising. On Juonday there was a nice rain at Goulburn, very beneficial don^W croP?» acceptable to those who have not snj jZ.6' Ploughing for hay crops. It still continues fine bp JoiL!? Coast districts, and a little rain would «ranh^orn»«n ^edne8da5r- 26th (according to our tele Tumnl ™ i Was raimn£ at Gundagai, Yass, and Wagga, but there was no pro in Tt ^*en we went to press it was fine inniostof the Northern districts, and cloudy in the South The Hartley Kerosene Oil and Paraffine Com pany's mineral estate and plant, near Hartley, was sold at auction by Messrs. Richardson and Wrench, and was knocked down to Mr. T. S. Mort, for £19,000, cash terms. A man named Henry Tyrell was crushed to death at Cummings' Quarry, Pyrmont, on the 21st instant, by tbe falling of a quantity of stone. Deceased was forty two years of age, a native of London, and at the time of the accident was engaged as a quarryman. He was married, and has left six children. The circumstances were thus stated at an inquest : — James Kennedy said : I am a quarryman, and was engaged yesterday afternoon at Cummings' quarry, Pyrmont; knew the deceased, who was working with me in the same quarry yesterday after noon ; there were four of us besides the deceased working there, and, about half-past 5 o'clock, deceased and I were on two planks resting on two bars of iron shoved in a rock ; I was striking a wedge into the rock, and deceased was bot toming out a groove, about four feet from me ; James Carroll was on top of the same rock, driving in wedges ; deceased and I were about thirty feet from the ground, working on the face of the rock, ?which was undermined to a distance of about fifteen feet ; Felix Carroll waB on a scaffold below deceased; Cummings was on the ground, breaking up ballast to receive the block of stone we were working at ; while employed in the manner described, I heard the rock crack, and expecting it was breaking and would fall ; 1 laid hold of a rope which was hanging down, and fastened above, and by means of that rope. I climbed up the face of the rock to the top ; as I was climbing up, the rock was falling, and when I got to a place of safety, I saw Felix Carroll hanging on to the crane— his feet swinging out, and not touching anything; the planks I and deceased had been standing on were all gone ; I ran round and got 1 below, and then saw that a large block of stone had fallen, and saw deceased's legs out from underneath ; I could not see his body ; when I heard the rock crack, I called to deceased to come along this way, and follow me ; Felix Carroll was removc-d from the position he was in and taken to the Infirmary ; I eaw deceased removed from under the stone ; he was quite dead, and his body dreadfully muti lated ; we were all sober. In the Victorian Assembly it has been pro posed to sell the existing railways and construct otlisra with the proceeds. We have been requested to draw attention. to the following extract from a further communication, that has recently been received from tho postal authorities at London in reference to the numerous com plaints which it appears have been made by residents in this colony concerning the non-receipt of newspapers which have been posted by friends in the United Kingdom. A recent official despatch says ' I think it is right to point out that since the adoption of the rate of charges for each four ounces of weight a considerable number of news papers have (notwithstanding that the altered scale was made as publicly known as possible) been posted insuffi ciently prepaid, and have, in consequence, been detained. This will probably account for many of the newspapers which have not arrived,' &c.; With a view to obviate the disappointment thus frequently occasioned by the non receipt of expectcd newspapers, it would perhaps be as well if all colonists, writing nome by the next departure of tha mail, were specially to remind their friends in Great Britain and Ireland that all newspapers there posted are charged for by weight on the new scale, and that none will reach these colonies which have not been fully prepaid. Last week (says the Braidwood Monitor of the 21st instant) we announced the clever capture of Yel low Jemmy by constable Gilder, at Black Flat. Warrants for his apprehension had been out since November last,_ at which time our correspondent at Nelligen favoured us with the particular of his outrages, which have been fully bome but by the evidence taken at the Nelligen Police Court on the 7th instant. It appears that his name is Fitzgerald alias Yellow Jemmy, and was brought before that Bench on three charges, viz., assault, larceny, and attempt to mur der Mr. Charles M'Cawley. The following is from the Moruya Telegraph : — It appeared from the evidence of Miss Backhouse and Mr. Charles M'Cawley that the prisoner had, while in a state of drunkenness, taken a gun from Mrs. Drury's house, and, notwithstanding her interference, had gone off with it. Shortly afterwards, in passing Back house's, he presented the gun at Miss Backhouse, and kept her in fear of her life for ten minutes. He turned to look at his dog, and Miss Backhouse taking advantage of the opportunity retreated into tho house. Jemmy then went in the paddock and shot one of his dogs, and after the lapse of some limo returned. In the meantime Mr. Charles M'Cawley came up, and being told what had happened went down to the creek, and asked prisoner what he was about. The latter presented his gun, and said, ' I will blow your ? brains out,' and snapped the gun, Mr. M'Cawley rushed over the creek, and laid on his stock-whip, but Jemmy pelted him back with stones. M'Cawley induced him to follow him down the creek by provocation to fight. M'Cawley asked at Drury's for a drink of water, and while drinking it prisoner sneaked round the house and seized the rein of his horse, striking at him with a knife. M'Cawley jumped off, and prisoner jumped on. Witness held on to the horse, but prisoner Btruck him on the hand with the gun, and then galloped away. M'Cawley followed some distance, and after some parley recovered the horse. Prisoner expressed sorrow for striking him. Prisoner's wife returned the gun, and the knives were afterwards found. Prisoner had been apprehended by constable Gilder in his hiding place aflSlackvFlat. He been the terror of the Clyde lload since November, and great praise is due for the capture. The Bench dismissed the charge of larceny, sentenced the prisoner to six months' imprisonment for the assault, and committed him for trial for attempting the murder of Mr. M'Cawley. The Great Britain steamship has arrived at Melbourne. Something almost like a ghost story, but which seems to be told by a cautious intelligent observer, has been exciting attention at Strathalbyn, and is thus related to the Southern Argus by Mr. W. T. TregalgaB: — ''Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through the burying-ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a feaiale. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight, I rubbed my hand on the form, and found that portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which hai fallen ; and still not being satisfied, I walked away and came back in about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form was there ; so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning ; but not being a believer in supernatural appearances, I tried to define the cause, but failed^ In the course of conversa tion I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading- this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, for although many things have been advanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye witnesses of the sight. Of a similar character is the following extraordinary story, which is given in the Court Journal of 6th May ' All have read with horror of the barbarous murder committed on a young and extremely well-favoured girl— a child one might say— nigh on 17 years old, at Eltham, in Kent. The painful subjeot is referred to in consequence of a very extraordinary circum stance connected with the girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospital at 9 o'clock on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman were in the room at the time, and they all concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the window close to the bed ®n which the murdered girl lay. This mysterisus apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached the window, which, by the way, is about 50 feet from the ground. Of course there was no one there. There were no means by which the window could be reached from the street save by a ladder, and ladder there was none.' A meeting was held at the Court-house, Bulladellah, on Wednesday, tbe 19th instant, at 4 o'clock. Mr. Robinson, of the Myall Store, was called to the chair. The chairman stated the object of the meeting, viz., to take into consideration the advisability of establish ing steam communication between Port Stephens, Booral, Newcastle, and Sydney. The chairman to on introduced Mr. A. Davis, the representative of the C. and R. R. Co., who had been sent up to ascertain the wishes of the inhabitants of the district, and afford all necessary explana tion. The meeting unanimously resolved to support a steamer by every means in their power, and proposed Messrs. J. M'Kay, Thomas Campbell, sen., and the chair man, to act as a local committee, with power to add to their number, to carry out the wishes of the settlers. About 3 o'clock on the 19th instant, a boy aged twenty months, named Kerswell, at Morpeth, was seen playing in the yard at the rear of the house, with a number of others and afterwards in the yard of a neighbour. Presently the sister came in to the mother and asked if she had seen him, the answer was no, and very shortly afterwards a search was commenced by Mrs. Kerswell and her neighbour, Mrs. Cains, but with no result ; they went to the waterhole, but as the green on the surface of the water appeared undis turbed, they concluded that deceased had not fallen in there. However, they got Mr. Kelly (Mrs. Cains' father) to drag the hole, and he found the body of the little boy, seemingly quite dead. Efforts at resuscitation failed. We understand that since the appointment of the Victorian Royal Commission to inquire into the establishment of new industries, and of which commission his Honor Judge Bin don is chairman, the Hon. the Chief Secretary has received numerous communications from foreigners resident in the colony, skilled in the industiies proposed to be established, tendering their services to the Government, instead of their having to introduce skilled workmen from Europe. In every instance the letters have been forwarded to the com missioners for their consideration. — Age. On Sunday night, the 16th, about half-past 11 , the horse keeper at Cobb and Co.'s mail station, Uralla, was awakeaed by his wife, who had been alarmed by a crackling noise at the stable. The man on going out found the roof of the stable in a blaze, the fire having apparently broken out in the hayloft. It had also attracted the attention of othor persons, who hastened to the spot to give assistance. At the time there were eight horses in the stable. They were fortunately got out, although with considerable difficulty. We understand tbat the building was burnt to the ground, and, although the coroner held an inquiry, no clue was obtained as to the origin of tho fire. The total damage, including value of building, harness and fodder, is said to be about £200. — Armidak Express. The Lambton correspondent of the Newcastle Ghronicl e relates that the Welsh Congregationalists held their anni versary on July 17. About 400 sat down to tea, and there was a well-attended meeting in the evening, at which Mr. Thomas Lewis, inspector of collieries, presided. Addresses were delivered by the chairman, and the Revs. Lewis, Foggon, Jones, and Mr. William Conn. The financial statement showed at the commencement of the year a debt of £225 on the church, which by the exertions of the con gregation has been reduced to £82, the amount at which it now stands, and which was considered to be very satis factory. A Chinese lady and her son recently visited Cobbelah, Her husband was with her, a Mr. Ah Foo. He keeps a store and butcher's shop on the Upper Bingera diggings. He appears to be very attentive to his little wife, and very fond of his little Ah Foo son, who has been at school for some lime, can reud small words, and sing several nice hymns learned at school ; he will sing them at any time when asked by his mamma, who seems to like to hear him, as she understands English so well ; and the father also is fond of hearing him, although he cannot understand one word out of ten that the boy says, except when tho latter talks in Chinese. — Armidalc Express.\ A fatal gun accident is reported from Inverell. A young man named Leslie, 'aged nineteen years, went out on July 16, some little distance from the town, where he fell in with some teamsters, named Thomas Carpenter and John Bowers. Deceased borrowed a loaded 'gun from Carpenter, and went shooting with Bowers, who also car ried a loaded gun. Deceased was some few yards in front, ?when his gun was heard to go off, and he was immediately found on the ground, shot through the head. He had fallen on his side, and gave ono slight movement, and then expired. An inquiry had been commenced respecting the sad occurrence, but was adjourned for medical evidence. There is reason to believe that the Cabinet once more have under consideration tbe revision of the present railway rates with a view principally to increasing them. There seems to be no finality in this matter. We have before endeavoured ts point out how injurious to the conntry are the constant changes in the rates, and how the natural effect of increased charges must be a decrease in the re venue ; and a few remarks on the subject will be found in our leading columns to-day.— Goulburn Herald, 26th in stant. The female servant, Ellen Ryan, charged with attempting to poison Peter Gibbons, in the employ of Mr. Denny, iron monger, Bathurst, was on Friday again examined. It appears from further evidence that arsenic was kept on the premises for braesfounding purposes, and was distinctly marked 'poison.' But Dr. Machattie, who attended Gibbons, described the symptoms of his attack as those produced by strychnine, and stated that the stomach of the dog to -which some of the meat partaken of by Gibbons was given, indicated inflammation as if by poison of some kind. Shortly after the dog died, prisoner was heard to say, ' It is no fault of mine; I was brushing the shelves down, and the walls in the pantry, and the poison got on the meat.' The analytical report as to the contents of the dog's stomach, which was entrusted to Mr. Watt, of Sydney, had not arrived, and prisoner was further remanded ; but the witnesses were bound over to appear at the next Circuit Court. A picnic by the Royal Alfred Volunteer Company No. 1 was given on the 24th to commemorate the purchase of a new manual engine. Invitations to the number of fifty were issued to the relations and friends of the Company, and the party started from the station at the Haymarket shortly after 10 o'clock, and, after passing along George and Pitt streets, proceeded to Corry's Tea Gardens, Botany, which was reached shortly before 12 o'clock. While dinner (provided by M. Compagnoni) was preparing, the new engine was worked, and was found to answer admirably. The engine is a manual one, worked by thirty men, and is from the establishment of Messrs. Shand and Mason, of London. It has a 7-inch barrel, with an 8-inch stroke, and the framework and fittings are handsome and substantial. It is capable of throwing six streams of water, and is pro vided with all the necessary appliances for collecting and discharging a continuous stream of water in the shortest possible time, and the jets can be thrown a distance of 100 feet perpendicular and 130 feet horizontal. In the front of the engine a small frame has been placed, containing a por trait of the founder of the Company (Mr. Andrew Torning) who was present at the picnic. After practice, the cere mony of christening the enginejtook place. An inquest was held by the Burrangong district coroner on the 15th, at the Albion Hotel, on 6ome portions of a skeleton found by Mr. Broughton, of Hiawaaha. The re mains consist of a human skull and thigh bone. J ndging from their appearance, they must have been exposed for many years, as they were very slightly decayed. Some of the teeth were wanting, in all probability they had been knocked out by cattle or other animals. When Mr. Broughton found the remains he was lost in the bush him self, and very likely did not search so carefully for the other remains as 'under other circumstances he would have done. On going out a few days afterwards with con stable Keane, of Morangarell, for the purpose of making a mere minute search, they could not find the locality, but Mr. Broughton thinks it is about eight miles north-west of Maloiy Plains. From the evidence of Dr. Temple it appears that the temains are those of s white man. He came to this conclusion on account of the length of the thigh bone, and believed that they had been exposed for at least three years.— Mining Record. Sir James Martin, J. Byrnes, and John Robertson, three gentlemen of the present Ministry, will be in Albury about the 1st of August, on their way to Melbourne, to negotiate with the Victorian Government, and to lay down princi ples to guide both Governments in connection with inter colonial free trade between the two colonies,— Border \ Post, The Rev. John Anderson, the much-esteemed minister of the Presbyterian Church in Wangaratta, has obtained leave of absence from his congregation and! from the Pres bytery for twelve months. The rev. gentleman; who has been suffering for some months from a paralytic stroke which has entirely incapacitated him for active exertion, has been recommended by his medical advisers to- try a change of air, and the effects of a sea voyage. He is about, accordingly, to pay a visit to his native country, Scotland. A singular feat is recorded in a Victorian country paper as having been performed a few days ago by an active bush man. He was engaged to a girl who Lived at a township a few miles from the station upon which he resided. One day he received a message that the priest was there, and that if the knot were not tied that day it might have to be post poned for an indefinite period. He was busy mustering, and could not be spared for long, so he mounted his steed, and galloped thirty miles, got married, got the mail, had his horse shod, and was back again in little more than fivo hours. On Monday, the 17th, an accident, resulting in the un timely death* of a young man named Donald M'Kenzie, occurred at Swallow's Nest. It seems that he had gone out with a dray for the purpose of getting some loading, and while proceeding along the road the horses baited. In his endeavours to stop the team, M'Kenzie was knocked down and the dray passed over his body, crushing him very much, producing seyere internal injuries from which he died. The past week (says the Singleton correspondent of the Mcrcury) has been rife with fatal accidents in theSingleton district — not less than three having occurred, every one being attributable to almost exactly the same cause, viz., a fall from a horse. On Sunday, the 16th instant, old John Dunn was killed by a fall from his horse ; on the following; Tuesday evening our much lamented friend Mr. Burgmana last his life from a similar cause ; and .we have again to record another sad addition to the list of victims in this terrible week. The deceased in this instance was a boy about thirteen years old, named Thomas Tyler, son of Mr. Tyler, of East Maitland. He was riding as jockey at the Broke Races on Thursday, when his horse carried him against a tree, and he died the following morning. A public meeting, on the 24th, in connection with tho British and Foreign Bible Society, was held in the hall of the Goulburn Mechanics' Institute, Mr. W. Davies, one of the vice-presidents, in the chair. The following ministers addressed the audience, viz., the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, the Rev. S. F. Mackenzie, Rev. W. Kelynack, Rev. R. Leigh, and Rev. B. Kenny. The principal argu ments of the speakers were directed to the fundamental rule of the society, viz., the circulation of the Word of God without note or comment — in other words, 'an open Bible.' No official report was furnished. The following are (he officers for the current year: — Patron, the Bishop of Goulburn ; president, Mr. F. R. L. Rossi ; vice presidents, the Dean of Goulburn, Rev. R. Lee, and Mr. W. Davies ; treasurer, Mr. A. M. Betts ; secretaries, Rev. W. Kelynack, and Mr. Theops. Kirke. Committee — Rev. S. F. M'Kenzie, Rev. B. Kenny, Rev. Mr. Puddicombe, Messrs. C. S. Alexander, E. Butler, W.Conolly, T. Grun eell, T. Oliver, H. E. Russell, S. Russell, W. Sibson. In the Burrangong District Court an episode occurred which for a time upset the gravity of all in the court, not excepting even the judge. A certain plaintiff was giving evidence upon a contra account furnished to him by the defendant, and an item of 16s. appeared as having been paid by said defendant for medicine for plaintiff. To this item plaintiff demurred, and requested the judge to allow him to explain it, which he did as follows : — On a certain evening himself and defendant were having a chat together when the conversation turned upon 6ating eggs. Plaintiff said he could swallow three dozen, and would do 60 if defendant would pay for them. Defendant, by way of putting his veracity and voracity to the test, to some extent, agreed to try him with two dozen, and, eggs being at that time Is. 6d. per dozen, gave him 3s. to pay for them. Plaintiff, after fetching home his purchase, broke a dozen of tho eggs into a pannikin, which he assured his Honor they filled, beat them up, and drank them off without a erimaoe, and then went through the same process with the other dozen. A few days after, plaintiff, from some other cause, as he stated, was taken unwell, and defendant, fearing it might be the after-effects of his ovarious repast, would insist upon his having the doctor. ' I never wanted the medicine, your Honor,' said the plaintiff, ' and never took it, and that was the way that 16s. came to be charged to me.' Defendant did not deny the egg story, but said he sent tha doctor at plaintiff's request. He afterwards consented to withdraw the item. — Argus. The Melbourne Age, in commenting on the ''de- sirability of Australian federation, makes the sub joined remarks on the refusal of Victoria to con tribute to the subsidies for any other than the Suez line : — ' Every proposal to subsidise a line of mail steamers which would not make Melbourne the first port of arrival and the last of departure, was systematically snubbed. The Panama route, which materially shortened the course of post between Victoria and America, North and South, and was the natural route for New Zealand, was never subsidised fey the Government of this colony. The plucky attempt of Queensland to open up communica tion by way of her northern ports with Batavia, China, and Europe, was altogether ignored, and up to the present time no assistance what ever has been rendered to the lines of steamers which now regularly sail between Sydney and San Francisco, although the route is largely patronised by Victorian travellers and by Victorian letter- writers. The result is that a feeling of resentment has been aroused in all the other oolonies. New Zealand has altogether abandoned the Suez line; New South Wales and South Australia have announced their intention of retiring from the contract at the earliest moment at which they can legally do so, although the per mission kindly accorded for the P. and O. steamers to land the Adelaide mail in Holdfast Bay may delay the secession of South Australia. There is a probability that Victoria will ere long have to bear nearly the whole ex pense of bringing the mails from Europe by way of India.' The annual tea meeting in connection with St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Mocquaiie-street, took place on the 24th, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, and was numerously attended. After the social meal, a publio meeting was held, at which the Rev. Dr. Steel, the minister of St. Stephen's, presided. The rev. chairman was sup ported on the platform by the Rev. P. Maclaren (minister of the Presbyterian church, at Brighton, England), the llev. A. N. Mackray, M.A., the Rev. T. Johnson, Mr. Bowman (of Richmond), the Hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C,, Mr. Adam, and others. The rev. chairman briefly ad dressed the meeting — assembled to celebrate the ninth anniversary of the commencement of his pastoral charge at St. Stephen's — and he expressed, in frank and genial terms, the pleasure it afforded him once more to see old faces, to welcome new friends. The experiences of the past year in his ministerial office had been pleasant and encouraging ; and he had, as their pastor, received much valuable assistance and co-operation from the office bearers of the Church, and from the Sunday school teachers and communicants. The Rev. A. N. Mackray then delivered an animated and eloquent address to the auditory— one which was listened to with much interest by all present. An amusing incident is related as having occurred at Newcastle one morning this week. A respectable citizen, of Newcastle, who shall be nameless, has been in the habit of leaving his door slightly ajar for the accommodation of the milk boy, who calls generally before daylight. Since the prevalence of the ' burglar epidemic,' however, this practice has been discontinued, a fact of which it appears the unfortunate milk boy, whose utter annihilation it very nearly resulted in, was not aware. On the first morning of the door being locked he came about an hour earlier than the usual time, expecting to see the jug all ready in tho usual spot, but found it not. The lad then endeavoured to open the door, and by some means succeeded, when the pro prietor of the house, awakened by the noise, became awjire of his movements. Milk boy stealthily entered and fnm bled about for the jug. Mr. ? , his mind no doubt filled to overflowing with burglarious terrors, as cautiously left his bedroom and searched for, and in a few minutes found, the poker. Watching a favourable opportunity, he furi ously charged the terrified milk boy, and at one blow de molished his can, when the lad screamed, and Mr. ? then ?became aware of his mistake. Fortunately, the lad was not injured, but it will be seen that he nearly became tha victim o| a eerious mistake. — Pilot, 26th. 