MR. TROLLOPE'S LECTURE. Mr. Anthony Trollope delivered his lecture on " Modern Fiction as a Rational Amusement" at the Town Hall on Monday evening, for the benefit of the Caxtou Centenary Fund, in the presence of a thronged and brilliant audience, the attendance being over two thousand. Tliera was a very large proportion of ladies, in fact about two-thirds of the audience in the balconies and front seats below being composed of them. Sir Redmond Barry took the chair at eight o'clock, and briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr. Trollope, who was greeted with thunders of applause, commenced by saying that all persons with well regulated minds desired to know whether the trades they pursued were conducive to the public welfare or otherwise. His own trade was that of a novelist, and he himself had felt the anxiety to which he alluded. He believed that the trade of a novelist could be beneficially exer cised, and further, that the great body of modern fiction had an effect for good and not for evil upon the time. Opinions might differ, and he knew they did differ upon this point, but there could be no question of the fact that fiction in our day was a great power in literature, forming the staple of the reading which people of all ranks indulged. Look at the periodicals, of which there were such a shoal, adapted to all varieties of taste. Everyone had its novel, and some two or three running their course. The tales were the great feature in every periodical of a recreative cast, and publishers would tell you it was no use to think of maintaining one without its novel. He remembered a grave assemblage of—well, he would not say wise men, since he himself was one of the number, but it was an assemblage of men with the best intention, and speaking for all save himself he would say that they were wise men. Their object was to start a new periodical, which should be really elevating, so far, as it could be made so. At the outset the question rose, Are we to have a novel? He opposed the novel, and found some support in doing so; but was outvoted when it came to the test. The majority agreed that it would be perfect madness to think of having no novel; and he was politely informed that but for his novel writing he would never have been asked to join the party at all. The taste for works of imagination had permeated from the upper to the lower classes with the spread of education until it became universal. The earliest works of fiction in England yet extant were those Lilly and Sir Philip Sydney. Taking up the Arcadia of the latter we would be surprised to find with what ponderosity our an- cestors of three hundred years ago were contented. The next noticeable period was that of the Restora- tion, when the advance of education brought with it the advance of novel writing, although it must be owned that if there was an improvement in ability it was accompanied by a falling away in point of morality. The novels of Mrs Aphra Behn and Mrs. Manley might be taken as examples of this period. They were only to be exceeded in li- centiousness by the contemporary drama. Yet with all this they were unutterably dull, and wholly unreadable on that account nowadays. The novel of Robinson Crusoe was an extraordinary ex- ception, not only in the literature of the time, but also among the works of Defoe. It had now lived a couple of hundred years, and showed no signs of a diminished hold on the public. The next notice- able period was that of Richardson and Fielding, both of whom showed a great advance upon their predecessors, although they differed completely from each other. Richardson was a model of purity in his writings, so far as sentiment was concerned, and Fielding the reverse. In fact he styled Rich- ardson a saint and Fielding a sinner among nove- lists. It must be confessed, however, that Fielding painted people more truly as they were than did Richardson, who embodied perfect virtue or utter vice in every one of his characters. After Fielding and Richardson came Mrs. Radcliffe, who caused her readers to sup full of horrors with the Romance of the Forest and Mysteries of Udolpho. Well did he remember, in the days of his own boyhood, por- ing over the Mysteries of Udolpho in an old dining hall at night until he was positively afraid to move from his chair. Every moment he expected to see the thick hangings which were behind him drawn open and disclose the horrid figure of some unhung ruffian, or the ghost of a dead hero clad in complete steel. He bad placed this same Mysteries of Udol- pho in the hands of his own boys, and they merely laughed at it. In fact he himself found on taking it up now that it was supremely ridiculous, and he wondered how his blood could have been so frozen by it in his youth. What caused Mrs. Radcliffe's works to lose their vitality was not the terror of their incidents, but the fact that those incidents were altogether forced and unreal. Before proceed ing to notice the great writer who was the originator of modern fiction, he desired to say a few words with res- pect to Maria Edgeworth and Emma Austen. Coming after Mrs. Radcliffe, they introduced into fiction an entirely fresh and healthy style Miss Austen confined herself to a narrow circle,but within that circle she was perfection. Miss Edgeworth's truth- ful delineations of Irish life urged Sir Walter Scott to make the attempt, as he himself confessed, to do something of the same kind for Scotland. Sir Walter Scott's aim was to revive the spirit of she past, and without entering into the question a to whether the point of view he took was correct, it must be conceded that none of his writings were inimical to the cause of virtue. (Applause.) After quoting various stirring passages from Waverley, Guy Mannering, and Old Mortality, the lecturer proceeded to notice Scott's successors. To Thackeray he awarded the palm as the most faithful of ail novelists to nature. Thackeray seented to him to have combined the mind of a man and of a woman, to delicate were his perceptions. He did not believe that he was blinded by his personal friend ship to Thackeray in saying this. As a particular in a ce of skill, he referred to the character of Lady Castlewood and Beataux. in Esmond, and read a off passages from that work. Dickens was un doubtedly the most widely read of all novelists, and his popularity extended to classes which no previ ous writer of fiction had ever reached. He believed that there were even people who could not read to whom characters drawn by Dickens were familiar as household words. Of this great genius it might be said, as of Sir Walter Scott, that his pages were unsullied (Loud oh e s.) Two other departed writers of fiction to whom allusion ought to be made were Mrs. Gaskell and Charlotte Bronte, for the works of both of whom he entertained a high admiration. In speaking of modern fiction he refrained from noticing writers who were still living, or he could, of course, have added several distinguished names to his catalogue. There was a division made of novel literature into two kinds, the sensational and the realistic. He could not agree with this. Every novel ought to combine sensationalism with realism in some degree. One thing was certain — no work cottld he successful unless realistic, whether sensational or otherwise. Realism was an essential to the success of a novel, and therefore it was folly to divide it off as a quality which a novel either might or might not have, Every novel, he said, should dip into the sensa tional in some degree: by which he meant that there ought to be some incidents more or less out of the common. Take Sir Walter Scott's works, and they would be found to be full of sensationalism. But it was never of a pernicious cast. His readers were never incited to emulate vicious or criminal acts. Of some writers this could not be said, but what he contended for was the healthy 'tone of the great mass of British fiction. In this it only followed the public demand. Whatever the public called for, novelists would furnish. The question suggested itself as to whether novel reading should be encouraged in the young; and he replied that it ought not to be regarded with disfavor, if kept within proper bounds. But of course excess was possible in this matter as in everything else. For instance, athletic sports so engrossed the minds of some young men as to prevent them having an idea on any other subject, and then the good thing was carried too far. He would say the same of the girl who passed her days over novels, or the young man who was so attached to them as to keep a novel in his desk. But the great fact had to be faced that, whether we would or not, this literature maintained and increased its influence. It was as well to have the consolation that the in- fluence was not a bad one. Suppose now that he made the proposition of entering the household of any one of his present hearers, and catechising the young men and maidens upon their love affairs. It would no doubt be resented as the height of imper- tinence. Yet did not novel writers actually enter almost every household through their book , and mould the ideas of the young upon all these points? Neither old nor young, in the present time, could tell the extent to which they were influenced by the ideas and sentiments imbibed through works of fiction. There was one position he would lay down if novels were pernicious to the young they must be pernicious to the old ; and he would add that. if they were pernicious to young women, they must be so to young men. Mr. Trollope concluded by urging that the rightly inspired literature of the day, in fiction as in every other walk, would alone live. He resumed his seat amidst very hearty cheering Mr. F. "W. Hacldon moved, and Mr. James Har rison seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. Trollope, which was enthusiastically carried. Mr. Trollope, in responding, assured the audience that it had given liiin great pleasure to have the op portunity of addressing tliem and he felt highly gra tified with the cordial reception given to him. A vote of thanks to Sir Keilmond Barry, on the motion of Mr. II. J. Smith, seconded by Mr. "Willouclibv. brought the nroceedimrs to a nlnsn — Age. Mr. Yale gets a " Character" from the OVEN'S.—A deputation from Beechwortli waited a short time since on the Commissioner of llaihvays in reference to the 15eechworth railway. The Com missioner of Custons wns present, and tlie Ovens Advertiser thus speaks of his demeanor on the occasion:—'• No mere report of this remarkable in-, terview can give a just idea of what actual;:' hap pened, nor would any permissablc language be strong enough to depict the feelings of the gentle men who formed the deputation when tliey gladly retired from it. Mr. Longnioie evidently desired to be courteous according to his lights, but Mr. Vale was simply and consistently insolent. Through out the interview, 'which was a very brief one, he indulged in an appearance of saturnine sulletmesa and a haughty noli mctangcre tone, which, in such a man, were deliciousl.y ludicrous. There was scarcely a man in the room who was not better educated, as intelligent, and with at least as large a stake ill the country as himself; and yet had he been the JJm peror of all Russias condescending to listen to the petition of a few of the lowest serfs, he could not have maintained more loftily the demennor which ho probably mistakes for dignity;—of course the idea of Mr. Vale being really dignified is too absurd. . . . We are arc not admirers of Mr. Duify, politically, but we do honestly pity liim. He is at all events a man of culture, with the tastes and demeanor of a gentleman, and dire must have been the political necessity which drove him to consort with a Vale. He has however taken his most scur rilous assailant to his forgiving bosom, and much good nay he get of him. Only we will give him a word of friendly warning. If he does not want his Ministry to be associated throughout the country with ideas of disgust and contempt, let him by any means keep Vale at home. No Ministry 011 earth could" outlive a six months" progress through a country by such a man." The South Province Election.—Wo notice that Mr. T. F. Hamilton is entering vigorously on a personal canvass for the South Province. He has gone to Melton and Bacchus Marsh; on. Wed nesday he will be in Komsey and Lancalield; on Thursday lie will visit the Brunswick district.— Arffits. Kama- Education.—A debating society is dis cussing the following question:When Adam and Evo partook of the tree of knowledge, did they study the higher branches?" 