THINGS IN . GENERAL. I am not such a vain person as to fancy for a moment, that the hint thrown out by me last week, in reference to a concert on behalf of the Ladies Beno. relent Society, was the means of prompt lang the entertainment to take place on the 30th of this month. I feel very gratified indeed, however, that such is to be, and will be still more so, if the public responds liberally to the appeal about to bo made. That it will, is scarcely to be doubted, for the Gippslunders with many peculiarities, which to strangers savour somewhat of selfishness. are never beo hind in the cause of charity. On the contrary, whether for a purely charitable purpose, or any useful and deserving object, their pockets are seldom closed, and in that respect they will bear favour able comparison with any community I have nuet with. When I was first in formed that arrangements for somo kind of performance were really on foot, I could scarcely give credence to the statement, that tie tea element was to be introduced. Why it should. I cannot divine, unless some folks are desirous of hearingi themselves talk, or that there ans a feaor lest the whole institution of ten thirhts sLould l CDompletely Out o fIashion, to be remembered only as one of the relics of the dark ages. Th'le talkers. I think, must have had something to do with the arrangement, for there are men a so enamoured of their own wearisome t twaddle, who can let no opportunity escape of spouting, whether it be a mar riage, a feast, a burial, or yearly state- h meat of the accounts of a charitable institution. At all events, the impecu- p niosity of the Benevolent Ladies has, at p present, been seized upon to prove that the reign of tea, toast and butter, and sentiment, are not quite over. For my own part. I prefer beer; vulgarman that I am r Yes; I maintain that good ale, "draw'd mild with an 'ed," bath no F equal, and is a thousand times better than a any Bohen ever culled in China; and for t promoting the flow of speech. and that ,. genial conviviality which should charae- I terise social fights generally, I would i back one pot of leary,agreinst all the red hot tea to be alarmingly swilled on the eventful 30th. It might suit Cowper, i but I'll none of it. Then, for stimulat- 1 ing a chorus, what can compare withl malt liquor, old and mellow, tile a kind which disappears with a creamy gurgle, glhggity Clug. If the ladies who are to 'amaze the welkin with their broken stoves" (pun pos!) really wanted a robustious chorus, the refresh meats should not be confined to Sou choneag. I fear it is too late now to make alteration, and shall therefore content myself with-in all humility-giviag a bit of advice. I would suggest to "speakors" wlho may consider they have "a call," and so embrace the opportu nity of retailing "neat and appropriate anecdotes" to cut them short, so that ladies and gentlemen bent on amusement may have a chance for their money. Be sides, the fear of "too muchoo yabber yabber" interfering with what promises to be a musical treat,. might scare away persons who would otherwise attend. May I be pardoned if I venture in a sulbdued tone to cry houraye P Those desirous of knowing the reason for my satisfaction need merely be told that the long promised course of lectures in the Mechanics' Institute is announced to come off at lest-the subject " Super natural Appearances," and the lecturer Mr John Victor. It is with no intention of indulging in a sneer, I say, that con sidering the length of time the committee have taken to arrange for those lectures. the presence of any man on the lecture platform will almost be regarded by the public as in itself a kind of supernatural appearance, seeing that such generally takes place when least expected. The subject chosen is one which in good hands can be made both amusing and instructive, for I freely grant that many things which hare been called super natural, are ludicrous enough. I have never heard Mr Victor speak, but no doubt he will treat his subject like a scholar. At all events I trust he will not handle it in sucih a way, as merely to provoke a foolish laugh, and that he will leave such reasons for unearthly visita tions, as disordered stomachs or imagina tions, aside. For my own part I boldly avow, that I can see nothing impossible in the appearance of a spirit or a ghost ; believing as I do, and as I fancy most other people do, that our material part only is destroyed at death. This is not the place for an argument on the subject however, but Mr Victor may rest as sured he will be closely watched in whsat he says, and if he throws down the glove to the spiritualists the challenge may be acncepted. I enclose an extraordinary story bearing on this subject from the pen of the late Lord Brougham, and al thsoughi that great man at one time thoughtk he had been dreaming, still it is clear that latterly Ieo was perfectly saliq lied that he had actually seen the spirit of his friend. May I ask you to publish f it, as it will no doubt excite the ouriosity of the public and compel an expression of opinion from Mr Victor, and it is necessary to render my last few sentences intelligible. The letter to Mr Pearson from Messrs. Viotor and O'Connor, the engineers, re lative to a railway from Melbotrne to Sale, with your comments thereon, have provoked a good deal of discussion, and tt is pleasing to think that the majority of the people is glad that there is a chance of having a line laid down sooner thian was expected. There is no doubt, however, that a small section of the community see in the accomplish ment of this most necessary work, nothing but complete ruin to the whole district. The cry is that everything will be pure chased in Melbourne, and that storekeep lug here will go to the dogs. To arrive at this conclusion, requires a certain amount of perverse ingenuity, yet tite anti-railites will stand up stoutly for their opinions. It is a mercy they are in a hopeless minority, else we mieht be left belhind a whole generation. We are a good way in the rear as it is, but it would be a calamity if the Rip Van Winkles of this place should lhave their way. There is a conference, I under bstand, this week on the subject, and I trust the gentlemen attending will let the Government see that the just demands of this district can be no longer ignored. The latest scheme seems very feasible, and I am not without hope that before long, provided the money be forthcoming, it will be possible to take one's wife to the opera aitlout in the first place making a will, or witshout any particnlar dread of a broken log or neck. What a grand country this is for Crises I 1 foretold we should have one 1 ore long, and lot it Ihas come. Sir James t has abdicated, and I suppose the self dubbed "rebel to the back bone and spinal marrow" reigns in his stead. You Isave published a list of a Ministry, and if that be the team I wouldn't giveo murh for their chance of holding office a month. Our railway projects will find no favour with Mr Gavan Duffy, and as far as that is concerned, it is devoutly to be wisahed Iiis tenure of ollco will be short. There must be mruch anxiety to knowa what ''Tucsday nighit will bring forth in tle mercantile mind. One gleam of hope can be detected even in the Duffy Cabinet, o and that is, there is a little of the free Strade element in it, which may perhaps save us fromn being protected to death. I regret to soe that Pusnss' has not waited long to stir up the elements of r religious intolerance in the political situa tion. It represents. in its elrtoon, Dull:y e in the character of the "Artful Dodger," with an ecclesiastic at Iis back. HIow long is it I wonder beforo people will leave the beliefs of their felloti Salone, and act np to suchl a faith as the Sfollowing, propounded by an American writer who wanted "a religion that eoos d into the family, and keeps thie hIusband from being spiteful when the dinner is late t keeps the wife from being spitefli ewhen the lhusbandt tracks the newly washed floor with his msulsdsy bouts, and Smakes the husband mindfsul of tle scraper and tho deoor- mat t; namuse the children , as well as instructs thl.-mt; inas as rwell as governs them ; projects the honey ,moon into the Irvstsnoont, andt maksles the happy hourn like the sEtlauerns fig tree,. o bearing in its bosomn at once the beauty of the tender blossom, and the glory or the ripened fruit. We want a religion that bears not only on the rascality of lying and stealing ; a religion that bauishes all small measures from the ceunters, small baskets fron. the-stalle, pebbles from the cotton bags, clay front paper, sand from sugar, chioory from coffee, beet-root from vinegar, alum from' bread, lard from butter, strychnine from wine, and water from, milk cans. The religion that is to advance the world will not put all the big strawberries and peaches at the top, and all the bad ones at the bottoov. It will not offer more baskets of foreign wines than the vine yards ever produced bottles. o The re ligion that is to sanctify the world, pays its debts. It dsece not consider forty cents, returned for one hundred given. according to Gospel,. though it is accord ing to law. It looks upon a man who Ihas failed in trade, and who continues to. live in luxury, as a thief. It looks upon a man who promises to pay when he can. and fails to pay it on demand, with or without interest,.as a liar." Q. E. D. Sale, 17th June, 1871. 