AUSTRALASIAN WESLEY AN CONFERENCE. The Weslcyan Church in these colonies is under the. direction of a supreme com! styled si conference which meets annually and which is iuter-colonial. This con ference xneets by rotation in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, and Tasmania. It is composed of chairman and represen- tative ministers from all the various districts into which the several colonies are divided for the purpose of ecclesias tical supervision. It is now sitting in Hobart Town, and has representatives from Fiji, Tonga, New Zealand, Queens land, and the Australian colonies. The Rev. Joseph Dare represents the Beech- worth district. Advocates of federal union and intercolonial customs might- refer to the success that has attended this system of working the Weslcyan Church in proof of the practicability of their own schemes. The conference was duly opened on Thursday last, 19th iust, by singing the -178th hymn of the Weslcyan hymn- book, beginning And are we yet alive, And sec each other's face ? After which the secretary read a psalm, and the Revs S. Rabone, and H. Gaud engaged in prayer. The conference was then addressed by the retiring President (the Rev. G. Hurst), who in a few earnest and appro priate sentences introduced the Rev. John Watsford, of Ballarat, as his suc cessor, at the same time handing over to him a copy of the Word of God, the conference seal, and the conference journal. Mr Watsford, according to usage, had been nominated by ballot to his present office by the last Australasian Conference, and appointed by the British Conference of 1870. It is worthy of note that Mr Watsford is Australian born and is the first of such that has been called to the chair. Mr Watsford spent his early days in the Ministry as a missionary to Fiji. The new President then took the chair, and delivered .the following address : — "Mr Ex-President and Brethren, — I thank you for the very kind and cordial way in which you have received me to- . day as President of this Conference. It assures me that, whilst I feel I am far from being all that your President should be, yet you will bear with and help me, and pray that God may bless and guide and sustain me in the high position in which you and the British Conference have placed mo. I do not intend to try to make a long speech. Wo have so much to do, and so little time in which to do it, that it would ill-become me to take up tho time of the Conference by any lengthy address. But you will, I am sure, kindly allow me to give ex pression to tho feelings of my heart on this occasion. " I thank God for my connection with Methodism. I sincerely feel it, when I say what has been, often said, that I owe all I am and have, under God, to this church. Converted at the ago of eighteen under its ministry, I have for more than thirty-three years enjoyed its privileges, and have had the great honor of being one of its ministers for twenty- eight years. I mourn to-day over much unfaithfulness ; but I bless God that I am still numbered among his servants, and that I have not altogether labored in vain. When I entered upon this work, I knew there wore many things I could not do ; but I was fully convinced that I might be an earnest and successful preacher of the Gospel, and be instru mental in saving souls. I determined, God helping me, to aim at this, and I hope and bolieve that, in my humble way, this has to some extent been ac complished. " I rejoice to say that my attachment to Methodism has - grown with my years, and my love to our glorious church and all connected with it is greater now than ever it was. I greatly love and respect its ministers. Whatever failings and i jfirmilies they may have, I regard them as men of God, true servants of Jesus Christ, who make it the ouo great busi ness of their lives to save souls. I esteem very highly in love for their works' sake those who are associated with us in the work of the church — our local preachers, our leaders, our Sabbath- school teachers, our stewards, our tract distributors, our prayer leaders, a noble band of working men and women greatly honored and blessed by God. I love our Methodist people, the thousands and tens of thousands who have tasted that tho Lord is gracious, and are walking in tlie fear of tho Lord, and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. " I thank God for our Methodist doctrine, our clear, well- defined system of theology. What some others regard as our fault and weakness, we all, I am sure, most heartily praise God for, a system of theology which we believe to to be truly scriptural, from which wc have no desire to depart ; from which we cannot depart, and continue ministers of this Church ; aud from which thank God, we have not departed. Whilst thero have been chances all around us whilst the conflict of mind has been so great, and the failures so many, we have still held by the faith delivered unto us ; and neither because it has been fashion able, nor because it has been considered very intellectual, have we run after the errors so popular in these days. I pray God that we may ever be kept faithful. " T ill" i»l.- fin/1 fnr nnv ATH discipline, and I would say with those who have preceded ihe, that I rejoice that Wgrare still determined not to reckon or regard any one as a member of this church" who does not meet in class with us. Whilst feeling sorry for the brother, I am thankful for what our fathers and brethren did at the last Brifcisb Conference. "We have from the first contended for Christian communion, and we have it here. We believe that we ought to know who and what they are who come to the Lord's table : and whilst other churches have their plans and arrangements for knowing this, we have ours, and we are prepared to abide byifc. " I praise God that I have had any part in the great Missionary work, and I rejoice with you in the financial position of the society last year. I hope it may he as good this year. Our Missionary Society is in many respects in a very critical position just now, and it should have our sympathy and prayers. I believe we did right as a conference in taking these missions under our care, that all we Jo for the missions not only does not hinder our home work, but greatly helps it, and I think we are greatly honoured and blessed by our con nection with this noblo institution. As at former conferences, we miss to-day some of those who so earnestly laboured amongst us, and so greatly helped in all our deliberations. They have finished their work and entered into their rest. And oar work, brethren, will soon be ended. May we do it well ! And when the end comes, may we enter into the Master's joy " I am sure that I may say that we all deeply feel how heavy has been the blow that has fallen upon the cause of educa- tion in general, and Methodist education in particular, by the lamented death of Dr Corrigan, and that we very sincerely sympathise with brother Waugh and all connected with Wesley College in this sad bereavement. " And now, brethren, I pray God that wo may have a good conference. Let us consecrate ourselves to God, and earnestly pray for the baptism of the Spirit. Let us do tho work as brethren, and as servants of Jesus Christ. And as it is very desirable that we have a short conference, let us do the business with all the dispatch consistent with its impor tance ; and may God bless us." The next business was the election of a secretary. The Rev B. Chapman was re-elected. The Revs J. B. Waterhouse and N. Bennett were appointed assistant- secretaries. Leave of absence was granted to the following chairmen of districts who were unable to attend: — The Revs J. S. Waugh, T. Buddie, and J. Buller. Votes of thanks, which were duly acknowledged were unanimously pre sented to the retiring president, and the secretary, for their services during the past year. The reply of the British Conference of 1S70 to the address of the last Austra lasian Couference was read and received, and arrangements made for tlie prepara tion of the address to the British Con ference for this year. The following ministers were received into full connection with the Conference : — The Revs M. Maddern, J. W. Brown, G. H. Holmes, and J. A Waddell. At this stage of the business the Con ference adjourned, and the doors were thrown open at noon for the public Con ference prayer meeting. A considerable number of worshippers assembled in the body of tlie church, aud various ministers led the devotions of the congregation. Prayer was especially offered for tho out pouring of the Holy Spirit, the success of the work of God more particularly amongst the young, the blessing of God upon the deliberations of the Conference, and the restoration of peace in Europe. At tho afternoon session, after singing and prayer, tho reception of ministers iuto full connection with the Conference was resumed. The following names passed tho Conference : — Revs. E. Taylor, H. Moore, W. Weston, E. J. Bickibrd, H. Cationl, T. E. Ick, M.A., C. Lan caster, J. Haslam, W. Oliver, J. Osborne, and A. J. Webb. The resignation of two preachers on trial was accepted. The Chairman of Districts reported the names of forty-four others who still remain on trial, as with one or two ex ceptions, not having yet completed their term of probation. The question next came under con sideration, "What preachers are now received on trial ?" The names of eighteen candidates were approved of. 