? On Tuesday afternoon the foundation-stone of the first Presbyterian Church erected in Young was laid by Mrs. D. Hanson. Tbe ^ oon on whji ww fine, uud and wu a » great many, both „„,„ | country, attended at tbe ceremony. The prpcefdjnffB were opened by Mgging. the 13tri, 14rlhj 15th, aqd 16th y/rees'-pf ttife CII Psalm, after which the Rev. Mr.' Grimm offered un -a prayer, and then read the £rst chapter of Ho^gai. ~ Mr. &BiMM; then eaidj they were /met to witness a hflist important event intheiiiB- .ofjJiB ^resl^terian Church in Young. Hithertothey had' to encounter difficulties almost overwhelming in meeting for public wor(Jv p, Inlnami; but r not . .' in reality? "They "W '-i were anxlonfi to urge forth the work, so that they might worship G-od in comfort, and not for-their-own comfort and convenience only, but for the glory of God, for it was a fact, thata congregation never prospered ki^houjyfe eriifable ploce of wArahip. He hoped ^^OBStaking would be prospered, "snd raat "they might "be enabled to finish the bouse for the glory and worship of God, and that He would shed His blessing upon the good cause. They had, he paid, received assistance and sympathy from every denomination in the work they had in hand, and, for his own part, he felt sure of success. He called upon Mr. B. B. Armstrong to present the trpwel to Mrs. Miinson. .,,...„, In ti e cavity urider the. stbne was placed a glass jar, containing some coins and a document, i>f which the following is a copy:— T11E FOUNDATION-STONE OF THIS THE FIRSTPEESBVT£SIAN CHURCH Jk^.Toiikg, Was LaiA on 12th September, A.D. 1871, BY MRS. DONALD MANSON, Of Young. Hicro. George Griu&c;, M.A., In Charge of the Pastorate of Young S{ Grenfell. James Gonnoir ") Joint Thomas GrnvAir Wjsie j Secretaries. E. B. AEMeTEONG, Treasurer. Mr. AnMSTRONG, in presenting the trowel to Mtr. Manson, said— Madam,—It affords me great pleasure, as deputy for^he members of the Presbyterian Church, to'present you with this trowel on the occasion of laying the Foundation-stone ol' the first Presbyterian Church at Young, knowing, ah 1 do, that the honor has been justly confer red. We do not present it on account of its intrinsic'value, but wish you to receive it as an expression of our good uiabes. and in recognition of our appreciations of t be many services rendered to the Church by you and your husband, whoss ftln.-*-nc«, »t, this particular time, we much regrei. A spontaneous expression of good feeling from any body, to anyone of its members, must be at all times gratifying, I be more especially when, as in the present iiistai'.ce, it has been so justly earned. I have liow only to add, that I trust you may be Ions spared to live amongst us, and enjoy th<* confiilfnce and esieem of the many frit mis. who Irnve honored us with their presfMM-e here to-dav. Mr*. Manson then spread the iportar, and the stone was let into its place by three distinct lowering*, after which Mrs. Manson struck it three times with the mallet, and said, " In the natne of the Father, the bon, aiid the Holy Ghost, I declare this stone well and truly laid." IV following is a copy of the inscription upon the trowel:— PBBSENTBD TO MRS. DONALD MANSON At the Laying of the FOUNDATION - STONE OF-THE FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, AtYoung. 12th September, 1&71. Mr. Guimm said the Btone had been laid iu due form, and there was an opportunity for the friends to contribute to the erection' of tlie Church, i Several persons responded, to this appeal, -by placing their offerings upon the stone. Mr. Grimm then said he was sorry they were deprived of the presence of Mr. Mnnsqn., That gentleman had been made awafe'ihftt an address would he presented to Mrs. Mnnson upon the occasion, and he had written a reply, which Mr. Brabner would read. Mr. BaabYeb then read the reply as follows " Ladies and Gentlemen,—I very much regret being prevented, by important business, from being present with you on the auspicious occasion of your laying the Foundation-stone of the first Presbyterian Church iu Young. You will, therefore, permit me to express, in writing, the profound interest I feel in tbe proceedings of this day, believing, as I. do, that they will tend to promote the glorr of God and the well-being of our beloved district. Although the Presbyterian Church in this colony is small in numbers, and does not occupy the influential position to which it is so justly entitled, let us, nevertheless, strive to build up our beloved Zion, and so render ourselves worthy of that Church from which we are descended, and to which the world at this day is so deeply indebted for civil and religious liberty. For, need 'I : remind you, that those very principles for which we contend have stood the test of time and change, and in our fatherland have been honoured with the most heroic sacrifices of worldly advantages, and even of life itself. It was substantially for those principles 8000 ministers— the greater portion of whom where Presbyterians—renounced the emoluments of an established Church, as a sacrifice to the supremacy of conscience and the rights of religious liberty. It is hardly necessary to remind you that for the same cause, anil so late as the year 1843, more than 600 mjnisters—the flower of the Scottish clergy, with the illustriousVChalmere at their -head, nobly abandoning their manseB and their stipends—threw themselves and families on the voluntary offerings of the people.^ My tralP^ well feel prond irpiic|(i|M noble history, an largest Protestant de- ^ti^s^fiw-witljB many others becoming feeble in their testimony, the remains the bnlwark of theMoformatioa, the champion of civil uid religious liberty, and tbe warmest supporter of the education of the people. Let us, therefore, with one heart and soul, labour to build, up her walls, and so contribute to raise her in our adoptefct&btrj; tb thafhigfi position she occupies so beneiScmlly in G-reat Britain; in tbe Republic of the JTnited States of Aoieiricaj ^ind throuigh6ut "the- Protestantcountries of Continental Europe. But, while believing, as we assuredly do, that our Church makes the nearest approach to primitive purity, and hatPthe tighesfr claim io scriptural forms of worship and government, Jet uji jnot cease -our.-firm hold, of .the bon4 t>f %nity', ^love, and' - Christian-' fellowship, that' makeB us of the same family with our sister ^Protestant Churches; and, although we cannot see eye to eye with them on all points, let. us -he .associated in every good that, hasyfpr itsaend the sj^ead of our commohiDhrLStiSiiuty^ahd may. our prayer ever^be, that tbeK ; a°^ shine—fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners, till thB kingdoms of this world shall have become the kingdoms of our Lord ani Hts Christ. Tbanking'you most sincerely for "the high honour "which you have so kindly and' uhanithously conferred, both on Mrs. Mansoh and myself, asking ifer to' lay this foundation-stone, ftiid al80 for the "presentation of a handsome silver trowel, which will bb treasured up as a memento of this ceremony, and of your good wishes to the cause which we have been striving to help forward, I again wish you apd your cause every success, and remain, " Ladies and Gentlemen, " Yours faithfully, Mr. Grimm announced that the sum laid upon the stone amounted to £38 3s. The 6th, 7th, and, 8th verses of Psalm CXXIL were then Bung, after which Mr. 0-rimm pronounced the Benediction, i The sum realised at the sale of the remainder of the bazaar goods amounted to about £15. Accidents.—A serious accident happened on Tuesday, to Mr. Thomas Burritt, senior, of Euroka Station, Bland. Mr. Burritt and Mr. Caldwell were driving into Young in a waggonette, and when within about four miles of town the horses started at a rather sharp pace. This appeared to alarm Mr. Burritt, and he jumped out of the vehicle, alighting heavily on his left foot. He is a heavy man, and the force of the weight thus suddenly thrown on the ankle joint, caused a compound disiocation, the bones being thrown with such force out of their sockets as to burst the inside of the foot, from the ankle down to the sole, the bone tearing open the boot and touching the ground. Immediately upon bis arrival in Young he was taken to the hospital, where he has been attended by Dr. Temple. The dislocation baB been reduced, and iie is going on as well as can be' cspccted.—An accident, also of a very serious nature, happened on Wednesday to a girl about fourteen years of age, a daughter of Mt. Briggs, a dairyman living at Sawpit Gully. She was in the stockyard, and was trying to drive a cow—rather a wild brute, with a young calf—into the bail, when the animal charged her, striking her in the back with its head, and throwing her with considerable force upon a stump. She was taken up insensible, and was found to have received internal injuries of such a Bevere nature as to cause her to vomit blood in considerable quanties Dr. Temple attended her, and, for a time, had very poor hopes of the case, but we are happy to say that he last evening considered she was getting better. The Weather.—This week we have had a few days which appeared tp indicate the approach of summer, though some of the nights have been frosty. On Wednesday evening rain commenced, and continued—falling at times pretty heavily—until early on Thursday morning. The visitation was most welcome, and the crops'-and gardens-w this part of *he country could do with plenty more. Lettebs Eetdened to Sidney.—Letters for the undermentioned parties are lying at the Post- office,. Sydney, where they can be obtained by their respective owners, making written applications for the same. Parties applying must give the number of the letter as also the date and number of the list. They must also state whether it is a ship or colonial letter, and where the same is expected from.—No. of list, 16; date 16th August, 1871. Ship Letters: 8 Ford John, Lambing Flat; 15Herbert'Mr., Yoang; 11 Lloyd Wo., Grenfell; 13 Manrel G. Mnrrnmbnrrah ; 14 Mauhinney John, Grenfell; 16 M'OonnellMrs. Mary, Grenfell; IS Stenton Geo., Lambing Flat. Colonial Itetterg 1—7 All- chin George, Murrumburrah; 14 Alum —,3Ssq, Mnrrnmbnrnh;' 40 Ahnoux John, MiAumburrab; 21 Barber and Dale, Burrowa; 24 Barker Fredk., Murrumburrah (2); 67 Bennett John,Marengo; 71 Berry Jas., Murrumburrah; 105 Bourne Mrs. Geo., Grenfell; 118 Boceat W. T.. Young; 124 Bradford J., Murrumburrah; 14)5 33rown Thos., Murrumburrdh': 165 Brown Thos., Yonng; 22 Campbell James Grenfell; 68 Duncan W. Grenfell; 71 Dyer Kate, Young; 16 Emblen Jeremiah, Grenfell; 36rGoddard Mrs Thos.,Grenfell; .50Gore Mrs. Eliza, Grenfell; 57 Grace Patrick, Murrumburrah; 84 Green Thos., Wombat; 73 Greenlaw John, Murrumburrah; 18 Hanny M r -> Marengo; 21£ Hargreaves G., Cudgell Creek,- Burrangong; 60 Helton Mrs., Yonng; -64 Heme JameB, Burrowa; 73 Hoare . James, Murrumburrah; 75 Hobaon W. F., Young <2); 90 Hopkins Robt., Grenfell; 7 Keating Mr., Young; 27 Kennedy Bros., Young; 9 Law J„ Tipperary Gully, Yonng; 32 Light H. Murrumburrah : 48 Lowe Clare, Grenfell; 25 Marsh Isaac, Grenfell; 30 Marshy Mr. Mnrrumburra; 88 M'Guire Miss Eliza, Grenfell; 156 Moffett Win., Grenfell; 179J Mortimer Elisth., Grenfell ; 182 Mowian Mary Ann, Grenfell; 6 Nash J. P., Young; 29 Paull John, Grenfell; 39 Pedroni John, Grenfell; 60 Bobeitson G. M„ Young; 73 Boohford £., Grenfell; 65 Sibert Chas., Murrumburrah; 79 Smith J. (B.M.), Burrangong; 115 Stern Fredk., Marengo; 33 Tighe Martin, Morangorell; 48 Trasey Alfred, Young (3); 57 Turner John, Burrowa; 81 Webb John, Murrumburrah; 1 Yeo Wm., Mortray, Grenfell; 5 Young John, Younfc. DOYALD KUW."' '• 