THINGS IN GENERAL. EY AEISTARCIIU?. The Regatta of 1871 is a thing of tho past. The " maiden' fours" and "junior scnlls" need no longer abstain from beer ; no more hard pulls for another six months ; they can rest on their oars and dissipate mildly, drinking "Mitchell's Pure Castlcmnino" out of their silver jugs. Oh University, Univor- rity ! why did your main Btrengtli give way at tho last minute V 15ut I am not going to dilate on the merits of the various orowe, na I "rowing notes" have been somowhat copious I lately. Still, if a young colt might nmko a I lmark, I should advise tho selection of men (/ heavier metal ; nothing like weight and itrengtb. Tho majority of the crews were I far too light a build to over do much on tho I water. At the beginning of tho soason tho' I clubs might easily select tlieir heaviest moD, I and by making a final choice some month or I so before the regatta, better rowing and I closer contests might bo expected. I could I not help smiling at the different reports of I the morning papers in reference to tho uioiucu JJnun. iuU gCUbiUlUUU WUU UCbUU JIB I reporters must, I am afraid, have succumbed I to the heat of tho day, for their notes were I all quito different, and, I might add, equally I correct. But they aro forgiven. Regattas I are not to ho seen every day. A most I peculiar feature seemed to be prevalent with I the crews _ who lost. They all appeared I to faint — in fact, I might say "they I laid them down on their oars, anil I wept." For no sooner was tho pistol fired I off signalising tho winners, than tho losing I boat remained stationary and tlie crew I appeared to bo thoroughly knocked out of I time. Now, I intend going in next season I for the "junior sculls," but if I seo the race I is lost, I mean to faint just as I approach I the reserve ; then there will be a flutter of I sympathies and ribbons somowhat equivalent I to tho butterflies of tho Japanese ; but, I mind you, if I win, I shall head mo hack to I the fair spot, end land amidst the shouts of I Smith, Brown, and Co. , and the congratula- I tions of tho fair ones. But enough pn that I score. 1_ cannot agree with tho committeo' I for choosing tho winning-post ; it is by no I means a good one j had they made Prince's I Bridge as the goal, a far better view could I nave been had ; and I do not think thnt the; I attendance in the ladies' reserve would have I been any loss. Yet, metliinks me, I have I beard mention of a lagoon not far from town, I where, with somo expense, both spaco and I water aro to bo had. But moro anon. I ,, have had our army somo time now, and I the inhabitants of Sandridge ought to feel I very thankful that wo have got a navy too, I Jjdh a live commanding officer. Oh, yes, : I there is no doiibt about it. Tho Cerberus I has arrived. Those filibusters — when they I do come — we'll fillibuster them. We'll I give them a doso of Punter's pills I and Vcrdon's tiricturo of iron, that I will somewhat astonish them. I never! I slept sound till I hoard tho joyful I k'bngs— Panter ha3 arrived ; and now that I the Discipline Act is passed, Panter rejoices. I muchly, for is he not naval commander,. I hrst Lord of the Admiralty, Goneralissimo- I m-Cbief ? And aro not tho jolly tars of I Sandridge going to buy themselves two I guns, and use lots of powder, so that if any I enemy tbinlc proper to cscaoe, the batteries I 81"1 tho torpedoes, thoy will ho mot right I gallantly on Sandridge Beach, and thoro I meet tho Victorian army and navy, com" "landers and forces, members of Parliament,, "'l—but move anon. I I have tbeen travelling lately. I. induced I ri confiding publican, who rejoicos in tho name of Smith, to lend mo his liorso and ?P" We — that is to say, tho horse and my- te if— with two friends aud a dog, disappeared early one fine morning, and -set out on a lourney to Lillydale. Oh ! blessed liamo ! tby shadow never i bo less ! May trie ghost of thy fathers never appear '? mghtmare ! Wo certainly got there, and "filed, and shot off guns. But tho fish had gone out to bathe, and the birds had liicd them to more pleasant arbors. Night and mi its horrors approached us, only to find "s bewailing our fate. Bain, pitiless rftin> was our covering, and morning-found v/a sad, yet wiser men. \Yo liquored, an/I tho horse ujuored considerably. !m 4 as 'or oats, where mvSiW e MlC'm away still remains a ia'bJ? journey tad evidently > .un tho shine out of him, for nothing but a promise of oats . and chaff at. every hostelry induced him to jnovc.an incnV I even suggested mildly to oiic.ofmy \- "mads that. he should march in front with" 4 bunoh;of.carrots, as a s.prt of attractive; bait but the si!erR, look of: scorn and contempt: with whieli' J was greeted'; compelled 'mo to; subside entirely. Evening again approached and saw us slowly marching i to our destina tion. Our host .was there, and gazed with alarm at our pallid couutonauces, aud tho peculiar look of his trap aud lio'rsc wo said nothing, hut we fancied as we took our way homewards, that we hi'r.rd him uttering' exclamations that arc not to bo found in the English dictionary. But moro anon ! 