THE GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Alas! poor ghost — Hamlet. Sir, — Something sensational in Strathalbyn, in sit present state of stagnation even though it takes the not-to-be-desired form of a ghostly visitant most be a relief indeed. No one, of course, can doubt for a moment the genuineness of the visitation supported as it is by the testimony of two such authorities as cited in the columns of your last week's issue. (We, inhabitants of the spiritual, take in the Southern Argus, but are, I am afraid, sadly in arrear in our subscriptions). But what an unorthodox ghost it is ! All respectable supernatural forms of my acquaintance generally make theii appearance at midnight, while here is one to be seen in broad day. Why, even I, who am, to a certain extent, privileged in the world of spirits, have to be brief when I scent the morning air and to take my ' The glow-worm shows the matin to be near.' Then, again, too, this ghost showed a want of attention to its own comfort that I can scarce believe possible in selecting a cold gnve stone for its resting place considering the number of uninhabited houses at present in Strathalbyn wherein it might have roamed without fear of disturbance for some months to come. Furthermore it must have bad more flesh upon Hb bones than is usual, as it made an impression on the before-mentioned stone, which fow of n* airy beings could hope to accomplish. In conclusion I should suggest to the gentlemen who have had the honour of seeing this supernatural visitant the propriety of, should they meet with it again, attempting to overcome its evident diffidence, and obtain the reason of the why and wherefore of its coming, by indulging in a little melody, for has not music charms to soothe the savage breast, and ghosts, I can assure yon, are as susceptible of dulcet strains as the savage of untutored mind. Indeed, I will go further, and point out that with the assistance of a third, say yourself, Mr Editor, '?The Wraith' would be a not inappropriate piece for the occasion. I am, Sir, Ac., HAMLET'S PAPA. 