EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF LORD BROUGHAM. One of tho most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issued by Messrs. Black wood. "A most remarkable thing happened to me — so remarkable that I must tell tho story from the beginning. After I left tho High School I went with G — , my most intimate friend, to attend tho classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we often in our walks discussed aud speculated upon many grave subjects — among others, on tho immortality' of the soul, .and on a future state. This question, and the probability, I 'will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation, and wo actu ally committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, to the eflect that whichevet' of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the 'life after death.' After we finished our classes at the college G — went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to mo, and after a few years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I sal- doiii saw or heard anything of them, so that the old school-boy intimacy had died out, ' and I had almost forgotten his existence. 1 had takeu a warm bath, and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the freezing I had undergone, I turned my head, lohking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair s.at G — looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses, I found myself sprawling on the flour. The apparation, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G — , had disappe irod. This vision produced such a shock that 1 had no inclination to speak about it, even to iStuart ; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly ivas I affected by .it that 1 h.ave here written down the history, -with the date, December 19, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fal'en asleej), and that tho appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes, was a dream. I cannot for a moment doubt ; yet for years I had had no communication witK G — , nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken placs during our Swedish travels either connected with G — , or with anything relating to him or to ally member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discus.'iiou, aud the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind, the impression that G — must have died, aud that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future state." This was oa December 29, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript : — " 1 have just; been copying out from niy journal the aocoimt of this strange dream. Cerlmima mortis imago ! And now to finish the story begun about sixty years ago, Soon sfter my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announciug G — 's death, and stated that ho had died on December 19." A Roman C-ithonic Priest Eefcsing to Maint.\in his Mothir.— Tho Rev. John MilJ ward, Roman Catholic Priest, of Whitworth, near Rochdale, was on Monday, at tho "Tipton Police-court, charged in conjunction with hia three brothers — one of whom was a coal master at Aldridge— with neglecting to maintain h a mother, a very old lady, who had become charg able to the Dudley Union. The bench corn " mentod unfavourably upon the conduct of the brothers, and, after inquiring the cost of Mrs. Millward's inaintenanee at the house, ordered them to pay Is. each weekly, and the costs of the prosecution. — Zeeds Mercury, March 9th. 'The Morning Post, dating from 1771, and tho Times, from 178S, and the Public Ledger, are now the only daily newspapers in London whose careers began before tho present century. 