(j From the Brisbane Courier.) Bowen, May 2,— H..MS. Rosariohas arrived here with the shipwrecked crew of the schooner Black Dog. The Rosario was just in time to rescue the crew, who bad no food. The cap tain and officers of the Rosario have gone kan garoo-hunting to-day. They will give a con cert to-night, The Marengo crushing-machine will be christened on Monday next. The pro spects on these diggings are improving. Great disgust is verv generally expressed at the delay of the English mail and the probability of missing the return mail, as was the case last month. At the Police Court, yesterday,- an inebriate was fined 5s. — the only case before the Court since our last. A Court of Petty Sessions for the granting of Publicans' Licenses will be held this morning. The prize-list of the Farmers' and Planters' Association, which may be had on application to the Secretary, is substantially the same as last year, the principal feature of difference being in the addition of a ' Miscellaneous'' department to each separate class, for the re ception of articles not specially enumerated ; the want of such an arrangement having made itself felt at the last show. We are informed that the following mem bers of the Masonic Lodge of Unity and Con cord are the officers elect for the six months ensuing next St. John's Day, June 24, namely, — Bro. R. K. Macnish, W.M. ; Bro. G. H. Born? S.W. ; Bro'. H. H. Brown, J.W. ; Bro. G. Hors burgh, jun., J.D. ; Bro. G. Negus, I.G. ; Bro. J. Deacon, P.M.; Bro.W. M. Davidson, Chaplain; Bros. J. R. Warner and J. W. Moore, Stewards. The Treasurer, Bro. J. Towzey; Secretary, Bro. J. W. Todd ; and Tyler, Bro. P. U. Walker, retain their respective offices as here tofore. It will be hardly necessary to remind our readers that Professor Chapman will give his second and last entertainment at the Theatre Royal to-morrow night. The programme will be almost entirely a new one, and will include a surprising illusion called ' A man sealed up in a Sack of Ghosts,' and also that marvellous exhibition of ' Second Sight' given on the pre vious occasion. But persons must see for themselves to understand and appreciate the extraordinary character of the entertainment. It will be noticed in the advertisement that the prices have been lowered to meet the times. We are informed that considerable difficulty is experienced at the various distilleries in get ting colonial-made casks which shall be per fectly inodorous, and free from all risk of leak age. The Grevillea, or silky oak, the material usually employed, in some cases imparts a per ceptible flavor to the liquor contained, and i liable to shrink when in contact with spirit* , causing the staves to part at the seams and let out the contents of the cask. It is to be feared that among the multiform products of our forests a good timber for cooperage purposes is still a desideratum. The committee of management of the Cale donian Association fete, to be held on the Queen's Birthday, are sparing no effort to make the whole affair a brilliant success. They have taken possession of .the ' whole day, and have determined that from morn till morn that every hour shall be charged with the incentives and means for making a right merry holiday, so that the day shall be a memorable one in the history of the Association. For the sports provided we refer our readers to the programme published in our advertising columns, but these will form only a portion of the many good things to be enjoyed on the occasion. Not a small amount of the pleasure, if the day be a fine one, will be found in the very meeting together of a large number of persons in this monster picnic fashion— prattling little ones, pretty maidens, gaily dressed, ' the braw laddies,' the heads of families — a gay and happy company. Tbe day is to wind up with a grand ball. It was ' a happy thought,' that . whence the idea of the fete bad birth, and it is | pleasing to see th^t if is so fall of promise of ! success. We perceive from the annual report of the Superintendent of Electric Telegraphs that Maiyborough stands third on the list in the amount of business done by the department, Brisbane and Rockhampton being before us. The returns for Maryborough are — Number of cash paid messages, 4242 ; amount, £804 2s 7d. No. of O.H.M.S. messages, 1009 ; amount, £225 108 8d. Total messages, 5257 ; amount, £1029 13s 3d. The total expenses of the station were £559 4s. 2d. Yesterday the burying-ground hithertoi used in Maryborough was closed. No inter-l ments will be permitted in it for the future, | without the special permission of the trustees,! which will only be granted in such cases 'as, where persons having relatives buried there have expressed a desire to repose in the same' locality. Central Police Court, Brisbane, May 2. — Before the Police Magistrate, Mr. Hardgrave« and Captain Hamilton. — Frederick Pistorius, on remand, was charged with being of unsound mind. The evidence of Dr. Hobbs was to the effect that he had known the prisoner for about six months, who was under his care in the reception-house at Brisbane for about a couple of months during the lattter portion of last year. He was sent to the Reception-house from Maryborough, and was subsequently for warded to the Lunatic Asylum. Woogaroo, from which institution he was only discharged last Saturday. In conversation prisoner told him that he intended proceeding to Maryborough by the steamer that evening, and stated that he had an order from Dr. Cballinor requesting that a free passage might be granted to him. On examining the order in question found that it was not in Dr Challinor's handwriting, and on getting prisoner to write the words ' Cbal linor' and ' Woogaroo' on the back of an old envelope, at once perceived that he had made out the order himself. Considered him to be a dangerous lunatic, and a fit object for re ception at the Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo. — Courier. A meeting- of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in this colony was held at St. Stephen's Church, Ipswich, on Wednesday. The members present were — Ministers : Revs. M. M'Gavin and C. Ogg, from Brisbane ; Rev. Dr. Nelson, Toowoomba; Rev. I. Mackay, War wick ; Rev. J. M'Ara, Dalby ; Rev. J. Knipe, Maryborough ; and Rev. J. Patterson, Ipswich. Elders : Mr. T. Pryde, Ipswich, and Mr. Stewart, Warwick. A sermon was preached by the Rev. J. Knipe, who subsequently took the chair and constituted the Assembly in the usual manner by prayer. — Courier. A correspondent of the Ipswich Observer at Dalby writes : — ' A thousand head of store cattle from Ban Ban, the property of Messrs. Macdonald and Co., of Sydney — a good lot, and many of them fit for the butcher — have been hanging about the town these last few days. It is stated they are for the Melbourne market if not sold en route ; but as there are several buyers in town just now, it is concluded the figure asked is too high. I supnose it would be considered a novelty at your end of the line to 6ee a thousand head of cattle or so parading the streets and private lots and' paddocks of your suburbs, and entering within your muni cipality day after day, but we think nothing of it here, we are used to it. We used to have a commonage inspector to make them move on four miles a-day, according to the regulations of the Land Act ; but our Corporation has got above acts of parliament, so that is ignored. Horses are becoming of but little account if we are to go by a sale of thirty head brought in by Mr. Meston on Friday last, of which Messrs. Fattorini and Harris were the auctioneers. The prices ranged from 2s 6d to lis each. They were unbroken aud rather low in condi tion, and were from the wild horses, descend ants of tbe Arabs Mr. M'Geachie bred on Jones's River. Some of them were very hand some, with splendid action. One black colt was a little Hercules, and his action superb ; he was knocked down for lis. A chestnut mare, with silver mane and tail, as handsome as a picture, and showing most unmistakable signs of her Arab blood, with a yearling by her side, for 5s.' There is a rumor in Dalby that the case of Carey, alias ' Tom the Devil,' convicted of poisoning the race-horse Chevalier, at the late sittings of the District Court, and sentenced by Judge Blakeney to five years' penal servi tude, is to be brought before the Judges of the Supreme Court, his counsel maintaining he was not properly tried, inasmuch as that the jury panel having been exhausted by chal lenges, his Honor directed the registrar to call fresh jurors, whose names were on the jury list by name, instead of by ballot according to law. The lawyers say any error in the record is fatal to a conviction, and that this being a most palpable disregard of the legal method of con ducting a criminal prosecution, Carey's convic tion must be quashed. — Ibid. We ( Courier ) have to record a very serious accident which occurred to Miss Eliza Wilson at the Alexandra Theatre last night, the parti culars of which were as follow : — During the third act of ' Truth and Falsehood,' attention was attracted by a loud scream from one of the dressing-rooms. Mr. Lionel Harding, who was standing at one of the wings, instantly rushed to the 6pot from whence the cry proceeded, and was horrified to perceive that the unfortu nate young actress' dress was on fire. Tearing down a curtain he enveloped Miss Wilson in its folds, in order, if possible, to quell the flames. No sooner, however, did 6he feel the fire in contact with her body, than, giving vent to another piercing scream, she tore the cur tain off her, and breaking away, rushed on to the stage towards Miss Rosa Cooper,- when the consequence would have been still more disas trous had it not been for the timely presence of mind displayed by Mr. Creagh, who, perceiving that Miss Cooper's dress had already caught fire, tore it off, and pushed her from the burn ing girl. By this time several others had ar rived to render assistance, who pulled Miss Wilson off the stage, threw her down, and wrapped a second covering round her, which speedily extinguished the flames, not,' however, before the unfortunate sufferer had been very severely burnt in various portions of her body, more particularly about the breast, arms, aud legs. Mr. Harding then came forward and an nounced that in consequence of the sad acci dent the burlesque would not be proceeded with. Miss Wilson was speedily conveyed home, 'where she was attended by Dr. Emmel hainz, who states that the injuries received, although of a very serious nature, are not, he trusts, so severe as to prevent her recovery. It is hardly necessary to say that the unfortunate accident caused considerable consternation amongst the audience. The cotton inspected at the Customs, Ips wich, during the present season, up to the 1st of May, amounts to 954 bales, weighing 304,225 lbs net. Robertson, the teller of the bank at Tam worth, has been sentenced to four years for embezzlement. The Gynvpie Times has the following on the subject of the proposed cricket match : — The usual difficulties are attendant upon the pro posal to play a cricket match at Maryborough on the 26th and 27th instant. Some of our best players ' don't think they can go,' believ ing, very naturally, in ' business before plea sure;' and there is, of course, that relentless obstacle, ' expenses,' to be riegociated. Al though it would be a pity to send a weak team to Maryborough; we 'thtttb the ^cricketers of that town are fully entitled to their 'revenge,' and it would be uncourteous not to respond to their invitation, even at a great risk of a whip ping. A good attendance on the practice ground this afternoon will probably throw some light upon the subject. In the cricket field we have iu variably had the best of it with Maryborough, as the following memo; randa will show : — In the first match at Gym pie, February 11, 1869, the local team was vic torious by 18 runs ; in the second at Marybo rough, March 29, 1869, Gympie won by 1 run ; third, at Gympie, August 9, 1870, ended in a draw, Gympie scoring 226 ; Maryborough, 178, with three wickets tp fall. We ( Peak Downs Telegram) arie'not aware whether it is ' customary for Banks in other' inland towns to charge interest on money ad vanced on gold. If it is, we cannot blame the Bank here for doing what it does else where ; but if, on the other hand, it is merely taking advantage of the absence of competi tion, it is adopting a policy as dangerous to its own interests as it is injurious to those of the public. The principle of tbe thing .seems quite indefensible. Any advance made on gold is mnde in notes. Of course the bank is obliged to keep on hand a certain amount of bullion in proportion to the notes issued, but we are not aware that it is necessary for all the bullion to be coined. If a man pays a Sydney cheque into the bank,' the 'amount will be placed to his credit, less 1 J per cent, com mission. On what ground, then, can the bank defend a charge of 3f per cent, on money placed to his credit, when he pays in a lump of pure gold ? Fiji— Dr. Lang, at a recent meeting, having expressed his belief that the pow^r of annexing the Fiji Islands had passed since the separation of Queensland from New South Wales, from the latter to the former colony, in the terms of tbe original commission, Lord Belmore, in reply to a deputation appointed at a public meeting in Sydney on this subject, said — Dr. Lang had stated that Governor Phillip's com mission was the means of settling New Zea land ; and although he did not expressly say so in that room to-day, yet he had seen that he had urged that the same power now existed and might be made use of. So far as New Zealand was concerned, Dr. Lang was no doubt substantially correct, yet technically he was wrong. He had been under the impression, and he had since become certain by consulting a high legal authority, that the commission of a new Governor terminated the powers given to his predecessor, so that any power exercised by Sir George Gipps must have been exercised under his own commission, and could not have been derived from Governor Phillip. With re gard to his (Earl Belmore's) commission, it did not confer such powers of colonisation, which, consequently, no longer existed. Dr. Lang had allnded to the Act which founded the colony of Queensland, and under which he thought power was given to its Government to colonise the islands adjacent in the Pacific Ocean. That was a point in reference to which he had documents in his possession which enabled him to explain how the matter stood. In the Pacific Ocean there were a number of guano islands over which the Crown exercised the right to give permission to take guano, on payment of a royalty. Some years ago, Dr. Crowther, of Hobart Town, made application with regard to certain islands off the coast of Queensland, on which guano deposits were said to exist. Tbe question was raised whether Governor Bowen had the power to grant licenses to take guano from them. The Home Government consulted their law officers, who advised that only islands adjacent to the coast, and within the boundaries defined by the Constitution Act of Queensland, de facto in occupation at the time of Hr William Deni son's commission, or within three miles of any island actually in occupation at that time, were under the jurisdiction of tne Government of Queensland. They decided, therefore, that all other islands did not come within that jur isdiction. Any island within three miles of our coast, or within three miles of any island in British occupation, such as Norfolk Island or Lord Howe's Island, would be within the jurisdiction of this colony or of Norfolk Island. But if any other island were to be taken pos session of, it would be necessaiy for the Impe rial Government to issue further letters patent to do it. So that it is very plain whatever powers may have existed in the case of New Zealand — and he had no doubt that powers such as stated had existed* — they were no longer in force. It would be necessary that fresh action should be taken by her Majesty's Government, whether that action were taken directly by the Government or through the intervention of Parliament. But he gathered from what Dr. Lang had stated, and from the memorial, that it was not desired that actual annexation should take place. It was perfectly clear that no country which was not a sovereign State could take possession of the Fiji Islands. New South Wales could not do it, excepting under an Act of the Imperial Parliament, which would virtually amount to the Imperial Government taking possession of them itself, the colony being merely the instru- ! ment in the transaction. Rather Strong.— '^gles,' in the Austral asian, says: — 'There are some jealous folks who accuse the banks of being over-liberal to squatters. Probably that, sometimes means that the banks are not so liberal as they might be to the objectors. However, be this as it may. .the iuclination towards security over station property is obvious. 'For instance, it has been reckoned by a friend clever in statis-. tics, that in Queensland 405. stations are actu ally held by the banks, who pay the assess ments direct to Government. And this is exclusive of an immense number of properties held colorably, or by third 'parties, for the banks, such as the station and live stock agents, also exclusive of stations upon which they have made advances, but which they can still venture to leave in the names of the nominal owners.' 