TWELVE HOURS' RIDE IS THE BUSH. BY A CADET. On one of the tributaries of the Murray lies an immense tract of level country, composed of large treeless plains and dense box forests, in- <*> termingled with beautiful pine, myall, willow. and other treed. Tbe country is all taken up by " Mjuattere," who hold Urg a'iantitie« of cattle an.l sheep, which thrive exceedingly well iv this richly-grassed |>ortion < f Uie onttnnut. Thi: immense quantities of k.ingaroos, emus, anil other native animals that are to bo even grazing on the vast plains prove great pests to the squatters; tbe former, when fall grown, consuming far more gross than sheep, and con sequently are hunted and destroyed in all direc tions, bat without causing any apparent decrease in their numbers. On a beautiful morning in December of 1870, the rising sun revealed a uainbor of slab budd ings, built closely together on the bank of the river. They are of various sizes and shapes; and conspicuous among the Tsat is the qoaitit loukiog old slab house, with its aucient looking verandah, under the shelter of which hang saddles, bridles, stockwhips, hobbles, and various other article indispensable in the bush. It in the Home Station ; and the connpicuous looking building is the house ; the other build ings are the men's huts, kitchen, stables, black smith's and cirpenter's shops, store, meat house, &c; Four persons arc Ftanding under the veran dah, wh«milwill be necessary todescribe. btand ing with his back resting against the slab wall is aii old grey-bearded man—this is Old Codger; he is rather stout, and about the medium height; near him is staniiing a taU man, wear ing a slouched Yankee hat, uader which is to be seea & very unprepossessing bloated face— this is " John Tippler," Codger's overseer. The other two in the «roup consist of Charley Browner and myself, who are getting colonial experience ou Codger's run; in fact we are cadets. Browner is from Great Britain, from ! whence he came about a couple of years back to get an insight into squatting life in Australia. He is a very smart young fellow, and is now thoroughly colonised. Many a wiid gallop have we bad together after cattle as wild as buffaloes, and many ft , wild horse have we helped each other to saddle and mount. Hundreds of times have we flown over the plains together after the " wild kangaroo ;" and often have we sung ourselves to sleep while we coiled round the cunp fire, rolled in our blankets, with our sad lies for pillows. lam a little older than Browner, and have been brought up iv Australia; my face is tanned with the Australian eun, and I am taller than he is. The men's hut stands about SO yards from the house, and from it about a dozen men are wending their way in the direction of the ' kitchen, in answer to the large breakfast bell i rung by the cook to call them to breakfast. ' We are awaitiug the arrival of a black boy, who had gone out as usual to yard the itock horses, whose approach aoou became known to us by hearing the loud report of his stockwhip ringing on the air, followed by the hoof-strokes of tbe horses, which were now to be seen , emerging from some adjoining timber, with "Monkey" (the black boy) following them at a sharp gallop. In less than five minutes about fifty of the best stock horses on the river were plunging, ?ei^uinp, and capering about in the stockyard. "Now then, my lads," said Tippler, "put your saddles <ra your horses. Codger wimti uh j to g? for a day's kangarooing, and we will see if we cui't send a fuw of them to glory." " Keller," he said, addressing rro, " tell Charley and Pat to saddle their horses also, and come with us ; and tell Black Booleyhnck to jnmp on Mad Roy and como too." Pat, Oliarley, and Booleybuck were three of the knockabout men. The former a light-hearled Hibernian, the next a steady youug Gorman, and the latter a hlackfellow. After a little trouble in helping the black fellow to mount Mad Boy, who was very wild and difficult to monet, I l-=t thn doga out of the kennels and saddled my favorite horse, Eagle hawk. While I was thus employed. Browner was seeing about gutting a pair of horaes put into one of the express waggons for Tippler, who wns going to follow on wheels. By C o'clock a,m, all was ready for the start, and we rode at a steady pace away from the station, followed by ten splendid kangaroo dogs and three stag hounds, Tippler keeping about fifty yards behind in the express waggon. We had not procoed<*l above half a mile beyond the homo paddock when we saw about a dozen kangaroos about three hundred yards ahead, making away from us. We immediately called to the dogs and started in pursuit, urging the dogs forward with shout* of encourage ment. After we had pursued the game for about a mile I noticed three of the strongest dogs pushing "their way ahead of the rest, and getting near to a very large old man kangaroo, who had fallen behind his comrades. He managed, however, by making terrific bonpd*, to keep ont of their reach for several miles, when the foremost dog seemed to be almost catching him. Shouts of *' Hold him ! hold him !" rang on the air from all hands but Booleybuck, who was swearing violently at the biped for not allowing the dogs to catch him, and was crying out •' Haul 'em! h&ul; *em! haul de debble !** at the same time flogging his horse with his old tommyahanter. Just at this juncture Had Boy put one of his front legs into a wombat hole, and fell heavily, bringing the blaekfellotr to mother earth. Before he was up again, the foremost dog had collared the " old man," and was jumping at his threat, and impeding his progress, thus enabling the other dog? to catch and besiege him. A fierce struggle no w ensued; the kangaroo keeping on his legs, and backing up against a tree, fought violently wits the dogs, trying to rip them when they catue within his reach, and .giving some of them some very nasty cuts. I unfastened my stockwhip from my saddle, and, riding up close to him, struck him across the head with my whip doubled, my object being to get him away from the tree to give the dogs a chance to poll him down. I had no sooner struck him than he dtew him self up to his full height, and made a terrific bound at me. Browner called ont "By Jove ! he's on you." I turned my horse sharply round, the movement I made spoilitg his aim, he landed on my horse's quarter, and slipped off, leaving a fewscratohet on my nag's hide. lie then bounded off to a deep creek a short dis tance off, fighting with (he dog* all the and, plunging into the creek, luade another atand iv tbe water, and as each dog made at litn he caught them in his arms and ducked them, sometimes holding iheui under the water as if trying to drown them ; but he was not allowed to do so, because, when he had one dog under the water, another would swim up and attack him, causing him to release the one he had hold of, 'and commence to dnck his new adversary. This ludicrous scene bad continued for a quarter of an hour, when we found that it was getting too hot for the dogs, who ha 1 been swimming round him, and w«-re getting ex ll?U?t>-d. Booleybuck, who had nniouuted bis horse, and was none the worse for hi- spill, was laughing heartily at the *' big one lai k," an he termed it, when "Tippler" said '" Who wili swim in and 'cook bis "00-<>.'" "He crackem cocoauu." said Bjolcbuck, dis mounting and hobbling his liorse. He Uien proceeded to cnt a waddy from a tree, which was the work of a minute ; ho then stripped, and awiminiug u ( i behind the kangaroo tliat had been standing up to his neck iv water duiing the hkiruiuh, struck him a coople of sharp blown on thtt hi ad, causing him to reel over and give op the ghost. The biackfellow then hauled him out, when wo found that he measured 10 f.-.a two inches in leugtli. Wvliftcd this monster into the waggon for the dogs. The dogs had scarcely had lime to get wind and a drink, when two kangaroos came bopping leisurely out of a clump of timber a short dis tance off. Some of the dogs saw them and were off, the rest following in tueir wake; we scrambled to oar saddles ?nd followed. The kangaroo* had now turned Ufl and retreated int.. the timber. We soon readied the dump, bat the dags had got a good start of us, and it was some time before we got in sight of them. However, we made a good race of it. Browner on Jambuck, myself on K*glehawk, and the daririe on Had Boy, keeping neck and neck for about half a mHa, leaving the two men same distance behind. There was an tnanda tioa caused by recent floods now in oar view. It was about 18 feet wide and about ■even feet deep; it stretched oat into the plain from the creek for about 600 yards, and to go round it from where we were would hare taken as at least 400 yards out of oar road, and con sequently spoil the hunt, as the kangaroos and the dogs had already crossed the obstacle. We steadied oar bones and took them at it, Browner's horse and mine cleared it lying ; Clad Boy baulked, and swerving nearly ran against Pat, who was just poshing his horse. Old Bob, np to the jump. Bob cleared it with out a refusal, and Booleybuek was poshing his horse at it again, when Charley cime thun dering up; both horses rose together. Hie Ger man's hone making too much of a task of it fell head over heels, shooting Charley several yards ahead of him, and jumping up, gaUopped riderless away. By this time the dogs had palled down the kangaroos within 29 yards off each other, and we soon despatched them with a few blows on the head with oar stirrups. Booleybuek was now gallopping in pursuit of Scottie, the horse that had fallen with the German. He was soon caught bythe darMe,and led up to where we were. "Wheie is Charleyr I said, addressing Boileybuck. "Dis one think Charley dead," ni the reply. J ** Ate yon sate? 1 said Browner. "Mine think co ; him tumble joUy wallop." " Be jabers ye should niver think," cried Pat. " I kin twig his owld karkidge in motion, but sure he is crippling mighty bad. Be the mother ny Moses, he did come down though-" , " How did it iappen ?" asked Browner. j "Is happen, ye say, Sur !" said the Irishman. " faith and share, Sur, his horse fill under him, at that little qnare looking crake that us jumped over. 1 jist gat s«fe ovat merilf, whin I heercd Charley's will-known voice sty, 'Shteady Schottie,' and faith I jist piped round in me saddle, aa<i vat .lid I see bat Kooieyback and Charlie's horse both jump together, and down went Schftttie. Charley made a doive in the , air. and landad about twinty fate in front of th« horse." Charley now came limping up, as if he had twenty pounds of lead fastened to hia right leg. His face presented a strange ap pearance ; the skin was completely rubbed off bis noso, several of his front teeth had dis appeared, one of bis eyes was blackened, and bis forebrad was plastered witb ccud. " Faith," ejaculated the Irishman, "ye are a nice spic tacle far yer onl I mother to sot eyes upon, Charley ; ye are, he the Movers." "Are you niach hurt ?" asked Tippler, who had just driven op. " Not mash?; ouly mine leek and mine noshe is rudder bainfuL" "Shnra," sail Tat, "yes,could plant tafy's on yer forelock, and one of jer papers is the ciller of a blue spud." "Uvoehno yokeing mitddert) bnvainptU like that vosh, Mishter Patrick. If yon vosh | not grazy, you would shut uj> " *' Nev^r mind, Charley," said I; " the skin will grow on your nose again." *■ Paiih it would Bade to; hisjontd mother wou't know her darlint till it does." "It would he a pleshing if the skin was rapped off your dongue, aa4 dan yon would not dalk so moshe voolery, pat you are hexqufribl*, ash yer lasht master gracked yer head mit a shtiek for shtealyng a pottle ay vishky." *• Narea word more uvyer blarney," su4 Pat, a little ruffled at this disclosure. " Bat in troth fhe continued, "ye woald be a trissore to the Prussian army at pri-int, if they tc*<!e ye's Gioeral, and pit ye's in frint, ye would frighten all their inimies away fram thim." "l>on't make yerself a pigger vool den you are," said the German angrily. This dialogue wai cut short by our riding to the creek, to allow the dogs and hones to drink. While at the creek the HnSemitn was amusing himself by poldug a stick into a hoUow tree to see if there were any oppossums in it. One ran past his hand, and to get oat of his reach took up a position on a light bough. I threw a stick and knocked it off its perch. It was caught \<j the dogs b«-f on it reached the ground, and torn to pi-ces in an instant. We now started in search of more game, making towards the river, in order ttiat we might be able to camp for dinner on the river. We rode ab«ut a mile through very thick timber without seeing, any kangaroos. Six or Seven iwaUabiea were here killed by the having been ?—-H-g under the shade of the trees, as the sun was sending oat a pretty strong heat. Presently up jumped a kangaroo, and off he went, dodging about in the timber, leading us through mum very thick scrub; then into another damp of thick tim ber, where we had a little jumping over some f Jlen trees and boughs that were laying about in all directions. The kangaroo was now ir*Hi?g immense bounds towards an adjoining plain. He was now about a hundred yards in froat of the dags, titey taring loat growad in the •ems, j but were now gaining on him a^ain. Away he I went across the plain in the direction of the river timber, keepiug op a killing pace all the time. He appeared to be staking fora large bend that had been fenced in for the purpose of |iay.ldocking some choice ewes. The fence was a stiff post and rail one, about 6ve feet six inches high—a regular rasper—and sure enough Mr. Kangaroo was going to lead us over it. asul over it he did lead us, at the expense of a spill lo his louigarooship, who fell bead over heels as be lan.led, but was up and off again. The dogs had gained on him through his som<"niault, and were not forty yards from him when we took our horses at Ihe fence. My horsu struck the (-•!> rail and landed on his head. I landed on the gram, but which part of me came dowa first I won't venture to say. Browner and the <i«r man gut over safe. Itob and Mad Boy baulked. As I scrambled to my hoise, which I had not lost hold cf in my spill, Pat and Booleybuek were riding at the fence again, each in his way calling his hoise some not very polite names for refusing the jump. Urowu r and Charity wete still in pursuit, and I following at a consider able diotjincfi, my spill having thrown me be hind. The kaugnroj now began to turn to the i left, finding that he was hemmed in by the river, and he ran along the bank in the shade of the river timber for some distance. While this was going on the blackfellow had induced hia hone to try the jump, having smashed the top rail in the attempt, followed by Pat, who rode over the gap. The game now made a swerve, and headed towards the fence about three miles to the west of where we had jumped our horses into the paddock. Over he went with the dogs sc-auibling through almost at lii« heels. "Overt" shouted Browner as his horse rose in the air, and cleared the fence, followed by the German and myself, with the blackfellow dose behind, and then Bob came up with the Hibernian. This time he jumped, aod striking heavily brought himself and hin rider to grass, and jumping up eallopcd after up, having Pat where he fell The kangaroo being now closely pushsd by the dogs, was jumping from one sid? to tho other to evade them, but.in vain, as he was soon caught and killed. Booleybnck now proceeded to cot some steaks from the prostrate kangaroo for oar repast, while the rest of as rptornsd to see what in juries the Irishman had sustained, wh? was lying iii?ensible on the grass. I lifted him op by the aruu into a sitting posture, when blood was seen to be coming from hi* month, which we afterwards discovered was caused by one of his teeth having perforated his tongue. Tip pler now came up and produced his spirit flask, some of the contents of which we poured iuto Pat's mouth, the taste of the "craythur" causing him to open hi< eyes and regain con- Bciou?net?. Be bad only been stuone<t by the fall, and after the application of tome cold water to bis heni recovered completely. Old Bob was soon caught, and we etarted (n taaae for the river. Here we lighted a fire, boiled our quart pats, roasted some kangaroa meat on the coals, and having a large damper in the waggon made a hearty meal; after which, we stretched ourselves out round the fire and rested for a couple of hoars, while oar hones were feeding on the rich grass on the bank of the river, and the dogs were making a uwal of the old wan kangaroo that «a« brought io the waggon. An amusiog dialogue now commenced between Charley and Pat:— "Veil, Mishter Put, you were roily veil banished vur waking vun ny mine shpill; uinpb ! You didu't get your coshe hurt, put you got a hole bunched in your doague ?s pig as your eyp, by shorgc, nnd do Dii^htaWfS" "Faith!" said Pat, "that aint much, cos nare a person can see uio tnngne while it is bebint me tealh, so it ain't spiled me beauty, bat tbat nose of youra is a foii.e soigbt; sure ye can't hoiile that at all, without ye toy the tail of your shiit round it." " V'ou yoet shut v.? yer blarney, Paddy ; you arc yon vool or yon of ole net-k's imps. 1 really tank you mosht ay crawled out ov de lower regions." After thU speech we made a move to oar horses, and after having aadtlled them made another start. We wero *uon is full swing after a lirge uiob of kangaroo*, which we followed for three or four inilca, crossing a swamp where the onfortuuate Hibernian got bopg<*l an<! came out in a very muddy ttate, uiaus his bouta and bat. We hail Io abandon thin lot at last, they having got iua au almost impassable piuu forest; co we called back the dogs, and made a move tow.uds the home station, as it was now about 3 o'clock p.m., and w« w<w a'tout 2*) miles troai the station, where we arrivi d at about ti o'clock in the evening, with d<<g« atnl hor?es pretty we'l knocked up, after liaviog hoon «nt f.a- in«t iO. li.>nr9 HERRY KELLEE. COBErenov. —In the Corporation advertise, nvnt calling for tenders for certain works, wbirh appeared in our papers on Saturday Last, an rnv>r oecnn«d in No. <"5. Kuodle-street should have been Mundieroad. 