■| A MAGICIAN AT CHILTEHN. Dr Robner has been again lecturing on apiritiim at Cbiltern. According to his own account he must be looked npon as a modern Cagliostro or as another Corneillus Agrippa. The following report of the lecture is from the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, of tlie 19th Sep tember :—The lectureT looked upon the resnscilation of the child of the Shunamtnite wcman by Blisha as exhibiting the prophet's power as a spiritist. Death is \isnully preceded by a state of lethargy, from which tire subject of it may be recovered by a violent shock, or a strong effort of will, nnd it was by this means anil the power of magnetism that Klisha had worked. The lecturer then alluded to nome o( the miracles of the New Testament, ffe spoke of Jesus Christ as the 'Greet Magician^ the only God-man he had ever <knoire{ tbe only Jew he ever loved. In reviewing the miracle where Christ after hi* refurrection appeared to his apostles, and disappeared fTom amongst 'them, the door being closed, the doctor suit) it was not a spirit that appeared to the disciples,' but real flesh and blood. How the real. body of the Snviour could vanish as stated in the -scriptures, he would not explain to them, hut he could do so. He could not reveal it to them without the .permission of his fellow magicians. It would be death to him to communicate the knowledge he possessed, and were he to do so a large increase of the police force in (Jfiiltem would be necessary ; nothing could be more dangerous than to impart such mysteries to the uninitiated and the ignorant. In a letter Dr Rohner 6ays.:—" What impoverished, atrophied brains these poor Crooltes, Coxes and Hngsinses, &Cf;, must have been jnot to be able to find out the mys'eries of the organisation of Mr D. D rioine-l They ought to be ashamed of the tittering but false appellations, as applied to them, ol men of science, and especially doctors. The best doctors in all human history have been magicians. The headless spectre I saw on Sunday night, 27th August, was, I am now credibly informed, the ghost of John M'Calium, a portion of whose skull is still in my possession, and which he is supposed to have come to claim i>. at last.'" 