THE NEW KING OF THE FRENCH This title may appear somewhat startling, but vit is pretty certain that it will shortly be justified by events. The Republic is. on its last legs. The recent proceedings of the Communists have, for many years to come, effectually discredited French Republicanism ; and. the anti.Repnblican and rather retrogressive sentiments, of the Versailles Assembly are evident in each vote. The removal of the disabilities of the Orleans Princes, for instance, is a measure of tbo highest possible significance. It sbows clearly which way events are tending. As for Thiers, his declarations arc in any case of little valne. Uniformly he. has been proved a persistent, if feeble, intriguer— a sort of Trimmer , to borrow a phrase from English history. Haviog been all things to all men, he is likely to end by being nowhere himself. The Republicans do not want him; they view bim with suspicion or even with professed hato; and 1 hence anything ho may say about a Republic would be quite beside the mark. Thiers aims to be the General Monk rf the sitnation r or rather, he will staod by ani allow some one else to occnpy that position. Bat who is to be the new rnlerf Who is to direct the.proud destinies of the French nation ? As we have said, the Bepnblic is discredited, and we tnay say the same of the Bonnpartism that is identified with Sedan. If, as is already more than hinted, the rival Princes sink tbeir claims in favour of the childless Comtede Cbambord — the Henry the Fifth— then the priests, the peasantry, and the Versailles re presentatives would soon settle the matter. The House of Bourbon would again govern France. It may not be out of place, therefore, to consider briefly the antecedents, position, and present prospects of that historic family. The three most historic families in Europe are perhaps those of Stuart, Bourbon, and Courlenay. The first in its direct line is of course extinct, though it has its lineal representatives. There is something very singular in the greatness of these old Hooses-rstauding out, as it .'were, from all modernisms like the ancient oaks in the forest. For all practical purposes, however, they are to oor day to be regarded in some sort as political fossils. Time was when these things were venerated, were an actual power, but the power, all Europe ever, is passing to the peoplo ; and any notion about restoring the old state of things wonld always tarn ont futile. The Ghosts of the Bourbons — for they are quite ontside much serious historical reckoning— may linger ou for a few months or even for a few years ; they may haunt their old abodes and nflect the airs of Sovereignly; but anything like a continuous Bourbon rule is id the present day perfectly impossible. The first lord of this family is mentioned at the beginning of the tenth century— a thousand years ago, speaking roughly. On the extinction of the male line of the House of Volois the Vendome branch of the Bourbons were, by ioheritauce, elevated to the. French-throne -in -the .person .of. Henry the Fourth. This monarch, celebrated for his religious apostacy, bis amours, bis patronage of literature and art, his zeal for France, was long regarded as the Father of the French People. A less fiattcriug view, bowevdr, was taken by the Communitts the ether day when they destroyed his statue. His children were married into the royal families of England, Savoy, and Spain. His descendants, if we set aside the Revolution sod Napoleon, ruled France down t » the cxpnlsioo of Charles the Tenth in 1S3Q— in other words, for nearly three centuries. The grandson of Charles the Tenth is the present Camte de Chaml»rd, be being son of that Dake.of Berri who, in 1820, was assassinated by LouveL The Orleans, or jnnior branch of the Bourbon family, is derived through Philip, Duke. of Orleans, the younger brother of Louis the Fourteenth, and, in the "person of the 44 Citizen King," rose to power in 1S30, to be dis placed in turn in the memorable revolution of 1848\. Thus briefly have we stated the outliue of a' bit of history which it is very necessary to remember now. Sacb statement may be accepted as a slight sketch of the family antecedents. Memorable, too, has been the rule of the Bour bons; they have left a mark indelible— in some cases only too indelible— on the history of France and on the .history of Europe. With their name Frenchmen" may call"tomind'tbeirgTeatMonarcb" —that Louis for whom Europe itself seemed too small. But there are some other things claiming attention. The role of the Bourbons, like the rule of our own Stuarts, was narrow and dynastic rather than national. Of all governments, that of the Bourbons bos been the most despotic : priests, fair women, or brilliant soldiers might be consulted, but the people were never thought of. ; The Bastille, the role of Ferdinand in Naples, the rale of Queeo Isabeltaln Spain, are all specimens of Bourbon antecedents. 1 he present representa tive of the family, so pompously baptised In water brought in theatrical style by Chateaubriand from the Jordao, and called" Tenfani du miracle,'7 \- has been a rotber miraculous mixture of pom posity and inanition. All bis appearances fn public, in truth, have beeoweak and effeminate, consisting wholly of pompous drawing.room levees, where those present were the mock cour tiers of a sham court. Is this the family, is this the man, who in the nineteenth century stands forthto seize the Gallic crown t What does he represent politically? Ho represents tbo old, antiquated Divine Right, anti- popular, sacerdotal, and despotic theories. Two hundred years ago he might have contrived to keep on the semblance of sovereignty; now it ia impossible. Tbo age is against him. Henry the Fifth yvouhl represent. tho tradltions. of men-like Metteruich, or of our own Castlereagh— would represent the lung-vanlshod school who taught ihi»fc_th.e_jntiny were made for the few, and sedulously maintained " the right divine of kings to govern wrong." As well might, you place another James the Second on the throne of Eng- 4 laud, lu a word, all that Is obsolete and retro- Seeaive finds its embodiment in Bonrbomsm. owever, it may for a time triumph— but the time will. bo very brief. "Ono thing materially .favors the cause; France imperatively needs 1 repose. Anything rather than annrcby Is .what she requires. The peosauiry, led by the priests, would, no doubt, bo powerful supporters; sod so wo may yet witness the atruuge spectacle of tbe world's clock boing turned back a century. The policy of the Bourbons means retrogression pure and simple. It would bo likely to load to war, and that ut no distant date. The adherents . of Henry Iho Fifth talk quite intelligibly about the restoruti'ou of the temporal power of the Roman I'..pc. The Catholic party throughout Europe would, of course, eagerly bail such a movement; nnd two narrow and repressive ........ .v. .. ....... .vow iu mutual prupa. Several members of the English Government have spoken far too ambiguously of an ecclesiastical power that whs condemned not only by the general volco of free Europe, but also by the dis. tinct utterance of liberal Cutholics, _A_crusado for the temporal power is a curious part of a modern political programme. But, indeed, the Bourbonists are almost solf-condemned. Their cause is obsolete, and their man is feeble, By skilful devico they may succeed in climbing to momentary power nt a period of national dissen sion and in virtue uf_nutiima) disaster. That they will mako tho attempt is certain that for a season they will succeed isslmost equally certain. But the st'iisou will bo brief. The men are us much in piaco In present European politics hs the Bruce and bis uuwnion would havo been at AVciasenburg. Their causo fell with the First i Revolution ; it may, indeed, bo galvanised, but it f - can never again bo endued with a permanent « it»lity. Henry tho Fifth would -follow Charlos v tho Tooth, — Dispatch.— 