(To the Jildi lor of the Protestant Standard. ) Djsak Zur, — X in xtraimely 'bliged to ee for publishen my long lottcr in your paper, and ud bo a matter plaized if cc'd put in this'n tew ; not as its wuth much, but that ere feller More Lime Larry's bccu a'goin at liis'n agen and maken a fool of hisself with his I-Iirish perduokshnns, and a spouten about his hoaly Poapcs a toastin and roasten 40 or 50 , thousand. Prodestnnt . mm, women, and babies, as conly as if tho feller was goin to mectin under Robinson's shower baths, and a hedifyin o' lis with his consarn and pitty a'canse as how we baint the mis'rable howiu and sorapen set o' Hirishors that ud jump down our own throats to be fust to lick off tlio dirt of the big toe of the old Hantichrist, their Pope. VVliy I'm blarmed if that feller baint as hold as my old dad's craim white donkey' as we called Jemmy, and as skewed one of them prowlin pious prastes into fits almost, as he was watchiu fur ghosts, or Bummut no bettor, alone by hisself in the dark one night. My eye, zur, hut Jemmy cuius up to uu with his two big eyes like lire balls a shinen into liis'n ; anil Jemmy all of a sudden let out such a screech close to his oar that waked up every partickler hair on his head as straight as prods, and his eyes was struck uppavds then a bit when, with a awful yell, he leapt up and bolted across the moor like mad and Jemmy arter mi, jist as fast, with his hobble chains a l-attlen like -Sat tan, and the cove thort his days was over when Jemmy run full butt agen un an then lct'n lay stiff. Tie didnt go arter ghosts alone no more arter that I'm thinkin. An this ere feller Larry ud like to frighten I tew I suppose. But it aint no go, I tell ce. I'm a Hinglishinan, I'd like ye to know, and this chielil arnt agoin to be bamboozled wi ee. Now zur, baint thqm big under-eyed fellers the rail gcnuoiiie spessmens of wliited sepulkers, out and out? Now Baint they ? Why when 1 was to school I used to read about tbe fellers and about their tricks anil schamos and carryius on wit'i old men aiid young wiuiin, and tellin' of what power they had over Sattan and to bring. old Nick here and send un there all as ono as if they war twin brothers, till I used for to double my fiats up like big Dick Richards the fighten-nian and hitch to get at om and drag em up to daylight to seo wliat kind o' lianyuiuls they war and if twas ,1-ailly true that tliey war like their father and had horns growin' out o' their heads and tails out o' their- bocks anil had the marks of the baist on their forlieads as my doar old dad used to read about. But tliey aint got no horn nor a cloven foot as I knows on ; but that baint no matter, for it baint the horns nor tlio tail that es so decaitful, be it? No, not the lnist bit do it matter, for Olcl Nick shew! hisself white euuff when it suits em and when ho doant want thorn slicert. Anil though Old Nick be white its a Haiigol sometimes, lie's Old Nick a.11 the same allors, haint he? Now, if I was a praioher, I'd ask no bettor text for my sarniin than that ero foller Larry's last letter, zur. Just listen to un a talkin' about that ere praiste above Parramatter, — a visitin' the dying ooman. Do he axe her ef she's fet to appear afore her God ? Does the graspen liany- mal tell her that the Lord died to save her soldi Did he lift up the candle of the Gospel to light her across the dark valley and the sliaildero death ? Did ho toll the poor tremhlin' dyin' I thing to look to Jesus as her Saviour then? I What was lie there for if lie didn't ? AV by, to I I see cf lie could get the money. I Did he say, Let thy money perish vithee! Did he ? Not if lie knew it. 'Twas the woman's money the feller wanted, or money's worth. What did he care about her sowl ? Jist so much as the feller says, or liiiuplies— he hurled her slircekcn sowl down to the flames o' hell (for Purgatowry is only one of they're eatchpennys) for 7 years, and what for nn? I'll tell ee by axin another query. Did she are toime to tell nn war she had her money ? And why shouldn't I spaike of them without j my tongue blistorin' ? Why, ye Hirisli raga muffin ; doant cc know I'm a Hinglishinan ? an taint the custom for Hiuglishmen to chew their words, he it ? Why, my old 'ooman and 1 'd defy cm — though 'twould bo a matter o' comfort to stop her clappor now an agon, but doant let them fellers try it On. Why blarm it, it's no wonder my dander gets riz at that feller's threatnen. I'll tell ec, I'd as soon abewse their old dad, the Devil, for the matter of bein' afeard of biisterin. But them feller's trade is to do 7i>uss than tongue blistorin, sinrl T u-M.nl: lio fm- a.st,r.n.v as T knows on in ve- ferrin 'em to the 4th chapter first Epistle to Timathy, and furst 3 vnrs'-s for their charcktcr. And they'll git more perticklor's by goein to they're Saint Peter and raidin 2nd chapter of that 2nd Epistle of liisn, let 'era read 12tli, 13th, and 14th vurses, and though I doant purtend tolarncn, I'so thinklknows whose faaec they'll see if they look into that ere lookin' -glass. Thats they' re hidentykal futures— but what'il suelv fellers do, and what are the'' a'doen ? Why I rayther think that was a eye opener some time ago when the diggers .sunk down a shaft in the old Abbey, and what did they litul — did they liud noggcta of Gobi? or vains ov Copper Ore, or what? Why, no such thing. They sunk down and down through a dozen feet of babys' bones , shafts, arms and tegs, by the hundreds — in the grait pit, over which tiicm'hoaly and pure monster of iniquity tlioir Mothers the Nuns used to have 'cm torn from 'cm by their fathers and hurled down liko murdered dogs into the grait shaft, and then covered with liiue to hide the stench. What nrcd for them fellers to gel married ? No wonder they, great butcher lookin' fellers waan't look at ee in the daylight, for if tlioy war to look up there's many a score of faymales about, that ud blush scarlet at their thiukins if tliey wara't brazen. And be their other deeds better when they've the power '! Bo they now ? . Well, I reckon as how their bnrnin's, and tor- UU1C3 111 Di.ivll J IIIHJ lllbil tlllo >>«.!» I I riw uibba, and that their stone cells war no mud hats, and I can compare the shrieks and waiiin's and gnashiu's of teeth and horror and foul inurderin' 1 butchery in thetn to no thin' short of the piorcin' I wails and shrceks of tho lost in the Caverns of ! Hell. And tliey he rail holy saints, baintthoy? that j ud stand by and watch them so sufl'oren ard j a' drink in their death groans like swaitmusiok. 0 ees Maistor I knows 1 oughtcr to bocharry- 1 table and should spaike moropurlitc about em, | tho saamo as some of our parsons nd avo us do. j And I'm mighty feercd as iiow some of our par- ! sons ud he soft cnuff and ho somple euull' to take ; thein Popish fellers into their bnssonis. But I'll never forget what my old dad used to say. Says ho, " Samivcl my hoy, says he, it haint no sign o'courajc to run in tow a hornet's nest, nor to lie in stingen nettles, Nor to scamper among deaf-adders, — 0 Saniivel," say my old dad, one hornet's sting 'el niaake 'ee smart for liotliin, and stingin nettles baint a good bed for the naked skin — and Samivcl beware my hoy of them quiet lookin harmless critters, the ileaf- addcrs - They doant purtcud to see ee, Samivcl, but of ee goes too near nn their fangs be into ee like lightncn', and then you'll avo only to blarm ycrself my boy, an pray fur rolaise. Appears to mo some o' them parsons '11 be -bit soon ; Onyway I knows some of 'cm bites purty hard theirselves. You'd hardly belaivc it Zur, but some of 'em ave a mighty hatred to them Orange men. I liecrd as lunv last week, one of ee at the Prodcstant Standard offiss went down to Showlaven to open a Orange lodge, and did it tew, and I'm told it didn't ptaiso all the parsons down there, foi if what I hears ho true, one of them (not the praistcs) gave his people a sorter caution not to jine them fellers of Orangemen. Wo bo livin in queer times, I'm a thinkin, but if a Orangeman had took a huff, and then Snarled, and scolded, there might bo some raisin in it, aeauso as how ho knows all about it, but our charitabci parsons some of nni arc about as bad as my dad when lie Hogged I for 110 airtlily raisin than ef I didn't dosarve it now, I was sure to do sonic time. Now that ain't fair, be it ? But I does liopo them parsons won't need the Orangemen when the Pope's fellers get the liuppcr hand again. Will oo plaise axo Maistor Larry what he'll piaisc to avo noxt week to say about the Hinglishman, SAM1VEL. Both Mr. Larry's and Mr. Saniivel's letters arc pungent and racy of their respective soils ; but wc should he clad if tliey condensed tlieif utterances into half their space. - -Ed. P. A. 