iN 'THE BARBE R'S SHOP • . . . .. . . . . ... .. .( . , 2: BY:FIGARO.. "?'I'have gathered a nosegay of flowers, and ;there is nothinig of Iny o?;n :but ttle sliring that ties them."'-MoNTAIoNE. .- , I I fT needs not that :one should rise. from thedeidito.tell us that a large amount of:ignorance is still existent in tlhe ;ivorld. We-meaning .J and.you,;:dear. reader,-are often *made. painfully : avware:of;.'this !most lamentablefact.! :We::also know .thatwhero we find.ignorance we ge.nerally ocatch credu lity cronying: with it. I The twain are almost .inseparable: evils. But when !the matter about :which. w-d deplore wainlt of knowledge is'a religious, one, thebi is :the ignorance of the crassest,. thane:is the incredu lity.most.:concentrated. .Why dd, I .utter theselubvious truisms,: do you .ask ?'. imply because;.knowing all: thid, I.have just dis covered; how ignorant' oh..certain matters even I am. '1 have:. found that, bad; as I :thought the ianorance of many here 'to 'be, there is :till " a!deeper deptlh" than even I had. plumbed. It has been. re~ealed to me through ,Police Court proceedings 'that within, :comparatively sipeaking, a stone's throw of us there is:a mania who claims to be:the Messial. . This, perhaps, is not so wonderful; ,.lutthat he should find nume rous believers, even'to the exterit of sup plying, him with considerable. fun is, and the fajith of marly ofwhomu remains un shaken by the coleaiest evidence of his im posture,.would be passing strange Wete it not. well known that no religious absurdity seems gto be impossible I of deglutition. by some people.. 'I regret most sincerely this rise of so vulgar, an impostor in our midst, and,Iequallysincere!y: trust that,. having, as I conceive, put himself withinr reach of the law, he may receive such a lesson. as will put an end.ta his impudent claims, and show his poor signorant creddlous believers how thoroughly they have been imposed on by a shallow charlatan. Here is a somewhat singular calculation I met with recently in an Eqglish paper, and which I thoubht it might interest you to reprint::--Starting with the hands of the clock at OhI: Om, Os., the minute- hand during one hour. passes:over the several numbers 1 to 1i-;: these, being. added togethei' make thesum of 78, which, being multiplied by "4, the.number of hours in the sidereal day, make the number 187,, or the date of niext year. This has never happened befbre, in the Christian era, and never can happen again. 3Still more-credulity:! Not satisfied with a pretended.Messiah; :the credulous, are now gaping in wondering bewilderment' about stories of an .alleged .ghost in the Dande nong-road. I.cean find as'little excuse for the latter delusion as for thlleformer-unless it:be that the ghost is wrnpped i'ound with more mystery. than 'the Messiah. I hear that many persons. have beei greatly alarmed by the rumou!rs.of the pranks of this disembodied spirit, and that 6thers more sceptical--andi tomy thinking, mbre sensible -have gone out at what Shakspdre terms . Thoe witching hour of night, When churchyards yawn, and graves Igive up their dead," with a view of intercepting hi! ghostship. Some of them, it is said,lhave carried fire anrms with t them, determined should . this " thing of night". " walk this lower earth" in their presence, they:iould prove by a well directed shotKwhetherjit was a ivision from beyond the grave or a mere flesh-and-blood mortal,.playing a mad prank, bht amenable to suffering and perhaps. dearth. . These parties have, I regret to chronicle, been hitherto unsuccessful,.but *I fervently hope' they will not long continme so. And for this reason.: The doubts of. the sceptical would then be set atrest; and the souls of thb timid once more possess them in peace. And there would be no harm done, for if it really is a disembodied :spirit--wR?ihl IT, for ont, doii't for a momentbelieve-then putting i bullet-through it wouldn't ".be of the leagt consequence,"' as Mr. Toots would sayl; whilst if, on theo other hand, it~ is only sonie ,' .larkish' Lin'dividual indulging in 'a mwt~ I. prank' for., the sake':of ''frighteningS timid people ha. would deserve any " peppering'" S.be might get, and I ;can't conceive ofa jury being so stupid in such a case to find any other' verdict, than "served him. right." Sriously, I 'regret that this belief inma ghbst should have found so many believers; but if it has any.foundation in fact, such: as some one having tried, to: represent what a spirit is supposed to bi. ]likr, the.sooner a stop is p.ut to his mad 'freaklithe betterlbecause-the sudden sight, of a person enveloped, in a white sheet in na.lonely; placelike the 'Dah denong-roal isi calculated to momentarily shake the -nerveS-of the strongest, while on timid women anid young.persons it may'.pro. duee serious consequences. : Therefore,..I thinlk it would be wise for.the authorities to tine cognisance-.of th matter, and do every thing. possible to maike that plain as noon dliiywhich. is-now u.nfortunately., enshrouded \- li:tlie mystery*of night;..' • I" am not sure that the mother whb ob jected that her. son', educat:on was being neglected because hle had. to."learn ad rerbs" was so eserv ing of laughter as at ?ikstblush you migiht conceive her to be. Said she:--" Now I ask you, as a man- of ominmon-sense, whether .'it is at all likely that my boy will.ever be required to know anythinfg about aderbs ?'' And 'pon my ihbnour I, believe the mother: was right." I think,.she liit a blot in our; educatidnal system-especially., that', of our Common Schools.. A..kuowledge. of adverbs is. a very: good thiig, I'admit,. in its way, and nbsolutely.necessary: to ti thorough educa tion; :but to the bulk of the lads in the community it'is nearly valueless. At any rate, it shouldl be kIep.t:'iin the background until. they are wvell-grohnded irn' what the 'London'addernman ,ermad the three R's re ding, 'tiang, andl 'i'ithinetic... ~o?mI have no doubt I shrill crause a pretty con siderable .pother wlivn iassert that, to my thinling?, thr.too n.uch attention is given :.to iadvetrbs" : and:"' rdots" and such like in the cuiiicuht of :our 'schools- especially, as I alve before said, of'6ur Common Schools -'ind hri.too little' to reading, writing, and a"ithiaetiu. 'I'hLese oare the fobundations of e?dcatiion, band bheforelthey are well and tinuly'? laid it ' is- follyto' riear the super structueanid ' put 'on :the ornamentation. And as so,..mny of the !children that attend cir Comnmon Scbools cannot afford to stay long enonughtb have all this done, I "say it is: cruel andi wrong, as I believe is too much the case,. to. neglect the essentials for' the sake ofthe fi:fallals. Wlat is it that II and you, in common.with the majority of people, irequire. in thh education, of our chihdren ? Is it nbthatnt they may be so- taught as -to be fitted to enter upon some mode of earn ing a living ?" And wi1 nut the ability to "'ed co:rectiy,;.' tb write a good business hand, tind.ith possssion .of a: faii khow ld"e of tri?limnetic' help theri in this far bht'tei'lhin l ?f dlierbs.'" and " roots," and '-2ift I, ~-' id,'so foi'th ? Minil, so fbt·' fomobm etin',toa hse, .I wivuld have them iiill "ta Iti' blitht niit at tie cost.ot the im IOLtnutai'items i""'?have ?'liamed. I know a C(ommon Sllbhool By whose cae will help toAilhistrate. my meanig, -lTe is .not. what Lelicalla.sh.j .boy. but ia tractable. What e ver ?he lear'ns ,iwill,, be thilugh sheer hard lahbouuriind:ijplication. '?As yet he is any trling ,.'buttl" jefiaieant .in the. elements toIf edcbation,anit the piobaibility -I take to be, ,htiticvwi!l requite all the time he will. be able;to: remitin at.school to+ make him so. 1a.sav!hiih the .othler evening puzzling his liea;lt over a lesson,; almost, with tears. in h!is+ ees. N'ow?v what ido you think.it was.? lHe: lhad got fen or a dozen ., roots": to study and:: learnr by, rote.: .' Without .question, it kluibwledge.of the .derivation of the words ofli.touriana:guage is.:' 'ery useful' thing-ti; st.udent,.and scholars; hbut it is a knowvledge thti ttaleos ·Ilng.in thle lenrning,. and whickh, e?ven when-lihrnt, would be tabtout as. useful to the iworlking.peopleot'.a country as Greek o .,labrew.... I look. on time thus spent by aodinary boys na. just-.Wasaste?, and so I thus atise my voicte' in..prl;testgniunst it.. ?rua,. sny you wi!L.not :have forgotten something I told you a feaw months.since cncernitig a portrait of the Duke -of Edin burgh which had been'ordered by our, Tas maniin, neighboibns,. Iut which, wlien it came, .theyncad r!o funds to pay for. It was, you will also remember, offered to tile Helbourne corporation. It' seems, however, that it is to remain in Launceston,. Messrs. Overend and Robb, the contractors for the Launceston and Western Railway, having purchased thle picture, and presented it- to ihe Launceston lMe'chanics' Institute. That. lunatic's still at. large, .notwith standing wvhat I said last week.: And not only 'at large, but, unabashed.... This :is. how he has irreverently addressed me this week: L.'eI say;, old 'cock, .you just mind how you.call me a lunatic.' It's wot I'won't sdthnd not nohow., I'm as sane as you aire; and I-.can make jokes a good deal. better, yobudull scribbler. You thought my last a bad one,.did you; what will'you say' to 'this !' What did the new Treasurer say when Mr. Duffy asked him to accept 'that office ?" D'ye twig, old fellow? Not you, you're too dull; so I'll enlighten you.; He 'said 'Berry good !'. Ha ! ha !. Beat that if you can.,' .I freely confess I c!an't,. not, for bkdness ;..but as 'Ihave :got a clue to the IAnatics'name who is thus persecuting me, Jilnow tell him I shall be compelled, if he won't desist,:to doto thimras they do to imn rhly.vmembers :the, House-nalse hlm. If that doesn'· frighten him.-nothing will. SMy firiend Coppiri has commenced his management .of the T. R. with an oxceed ingly new broom, and one of the first sweeps e made with it wasto abolish thefree list, dthe press excepted." I quite agreoewith h;im in this. I'see no reason why the cus- tom should not be swept away; .and if he succeeds.in; his- attempt he will effit a !ood reform. Of course, .Geerge could not open without making a speech, which he did last Saturday evening. Buti it vas very different to the remarkhble bne deliveraed in the same pilace a few veeks bcfibre. I heard no crying in this latest one about nonsuccess.. I-I bertainly said Shakspere and. the high-class 'drama u'ould not payj' but somewhat. incon sequentiadly told his audience that an early novelty would be a ne& Shaksperian actor. Neither did I hear anything about the pro duction of Jack Sheppard and that class of drama. I..know a theatrical manager must please to live, and I also know full well, and so does lMr. Coppin, that jfJ on the one hdnd~ hie could not live by Shakspere, he would inevitably starve on Jack Sheppard.. There is-a meanhbetween these two extremes, and I think I .canl trust George's well-known 'cuteness to find out and pursue it. Did they on bonard the ship by.which you came here on araival get up a" testimonial"' to the skipperi? If they did, .you know how the thing is done. .I. do; ,and [ say that, 19 times out of 20, it is the most hollow palpable hunmluig. conceivable. Yet what wonderful .vitality it has i How often has it been blowni upon and exposed, and yet it dxists. I am constantly: readingo in the p,?ers- that ' the . good . ship HIumbug; Cap'ain Sol'tsoap, arrived in thie Bay yester day, andi that hie was presented' by the pMs sengers with an address and-a purse f? sovereigns." I.think it .m.ust be. the sovereigns that -keep the life in the thing. IIf captains only got. addresses they might not put tliniselves to so munph trouble in promoting the getting-up of them, as some of them do, a few days before arrival. But if I hind no objection- to the mode and ibject of. these tfulsome testimonialh, my srtomach would turn at the. addresses them selves. For ignorance and fhisomeness.they are unsuripasedt by any class of composition of the present day that I am acquainted with. They are as bad in: the last-named ofibnce as ithe tie lication to books. used to be when authors had to depend tfobr.success more on the ipatronage oft a great name than on the intrinsic meirit of thleir productins.. Read: tbhe next address. you. come across, and wonder at the ignorance which compliments the. captyin on his skill as a .seaman undvr most trying circumstances-a skill. about. whlich these landsmen lnow next to nothing; and .how' they expless their, opinion ,that, under Prbvidence they owe their lives to his exertmons--about which.they know.still less. But what surpirisest.me, .more than . that t Mse addresses aire got up. andt printed isy thlat they shoult subscquently find thei. way into the newspapers as advertise dnts -at the explense either of tlfechptiinis& or the-ship's agents. ,If th doirig so:has any other object Fhan flatterinf thi vanity of the captain, if they think it' helps to fill up the ship, I believe they are niost miserably mistaken-the whole thing is seen through and laughed at. I hope to live longF eniough to see this',discreditable systems of " lbac sheesh" donie away with. It is forliidden on our railways, and it ought to be cast out 'fi bur ships. It it is wirong to tip a rail ivay official Iith a shilling for some duty assistance rendered, it is equally wrong to 'give a skipper ja pound -foP having brought you safely to port, which it was only his duty; far as' the power lay with him, to do. 