MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, 5th April. To-day Dr. Boyd (Mayor of Sandhurst), accompanied by Mr. Burrowea, M.L.A., had an interview with tho Commissioner of Works in reference to the amount to be awarded to tho Sandhurst Borough for repairs of their flood damage. It was shown to the Commis sioner that the effect of tho flood having been to Never two portions of the Corougli, they could not wait for specifications, plans, ton dors, &o.;, but had at once set men to work to make good tho roadway, and re-open the communication. Under thosoexceptional and urgent circumstances, they urged that tho amount expended should be passed at once. Mr. Bates promisod to so far grant their re quest, and would send up an ollicor to inspect tho works already undertaken, and if no unne cessary work had been done, they would, 110 doubt, bo recouped for their outlay. Tho same gontloinon also waited upon the lion. Mr. Macpherson in relation to tho necessity for reserving a water frontage, ifce., fur travelling cattle in tho Barnedown rim, which was about to be taken into a shire. The Minister promised the necessary reservation should bo made. I hear that Mr. W. H. Anderson, C.P.S. at, Geelong, at ono time doing duty at Sand hurst, is to bo removed from Geelong to fill tho vacancy at tho City Police Court, paused by the appointment of Mr. Drury, late C.P.S. at Sandhurst, to bo a Goldfields Warden. , -/ Tho only topic of much interost just now is tho Shrieva'ty of Melbourne, vacant by the decease of Mr. Claud Farie. There are, ] hear, a number of persons applying to the Government for the patronage in their direc tion, and mary others are spoken of who, I do not believe, havo the ghost of a chance. The only two real cardidatos, I think, are Mr. Colles, of] Castlemaino, and Sir. Louis Ellis, who has been doing the duty since Mr. Farie's death, pending tho appointment. Mr. Colles, with his many years' service in that responsible position, has no doubt strong claims. Tho jury in a garotting caso heard before the General Sessions, recommended a whipping in addition to imprisonment, in the caso of three larrikins, and His Honor Judge Pohlman has, i find, adopted their recommendation. To-day he sentenced Barlow (his second offence), to one year's imprisonment, and two floggings of twenty five lashes each on the 1st May and 1st November respectively. Blackston was ordered to bo imprisoned for nine months, and to receive twenty-five lashes, and Scott to six months and twenty-five lashes. Win. Macklin, the brewer, pleaded guilty to forg ing aud uttering, and a number of persons having given him a good character, he was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Richard Watt, who had pleaded guilty to housebreaking, received a sentence of fivo years' penal servitude. William Percy and William Lee, who had severally admitted offences of burglary and larceny were sentenced to ono year's imprisonment with hard labor for each offence. To-day tho City Licensing Bench sat for hearing adjourned cases, and also applications for transfers. Tho magistrates wore kept very busy for some hours in hearing the various applications and objections. It will be remembered that one John Robert Morrison was, at the Beechworth Circuit Court, sentenced to a term of imprisonment, and three floggings of fifty lashes each, to be administered in the first, third, and sixth months of such imprisonment, for the heinous and unnatural offence of which he had been guilty. Morrison had already received two instalments of his corporeal punishment, and to-day he received the balance, which was duly paid and acknowledged. The flogging was undoubtedly very severe, and will no doubt be long remembered by the recipient. Bamford was the flagellator on the occasion, and he certainly either went into the affair more con amore, or is becoming more skilled with the use of the "cat." Your old friend, Mr. E. O'Keefe, has, I find, left behind his " counterfeit presentment," in a very excellent photograph—large size and colored—which is on view at Mr. Thos. Wright's studio in Bourke-street. Any one who knows the original cannot but recognise the picture. I understand that some of the sub enumerators under the Census Act mado what they thought would be a good thing by charging a fee for filling up the schedules for illiterate persons. This, however, having bccomo known, it is just possible that soma of them" will be' called upon to answer for this flagrant contravention of their iustruu-' tions, aud, in some instances, gross imposi tions on the people. 