the: dangkr op BRiTian colonies , ,. . FKOM 1'ENIAN INVASION. TO TUB EDITOR OF THK ' OYliriK TIMES.' Sir, — -I plndly avail myself of your offer to pub. list) a contradiction nnd refutation of tho chnrco Insinuated agninst Irish natloniiliBts by the Wido Bay Ncius, nnd quoted by you in a recent iBsue. ' My reply is this . — ? As roffarrls the morality of the Feninn attempt on O.imikIii, il Buorutt uuruaaonahlH to demand of the Fenians as belliprorents a higher morality than that practised by civilized Governments. Weio England at war with Franco, would -hi- fart tbnt tliu Frunch colouistti had nover injured her prevent England attacking French colonies by fire .nnd sword ? No, the now warship '? Devastation' would probably rlevnstato them to some pnrpnso ; or, Hhould England and Gormnny cross swords, will the fact that we colonists have nover injured Ger many secure us immunity from thnt power? Did England prncticnthfi morality contended for, when sho fitted out (or, allowed to bo fitted out, for it amounts to tho snmo thing) bostilo, cruisers to prey not on her ''iinamy, but on her friend and ? cousin Arriericn, {,hiis biiggaring thousands,? who not only /' never injured lior, but was Win ter'rn's of tlie closest ?imitywith \\\er. Thnt fa. sufficient inrwor to tho moralityxant, and the admiserir.ordiam argument impVied. ? ^;;;.:!,;:;; :k.,.;v;;V-v-': ..:. ' ' ; . . . .., .If. .is qutto^frne'^Uiflt if tho Ff.nia.ns airnintaUn to. the war; patn'i^thesb; 'colnnicsV'may become the \--}ijeot8''pT''..'pr|yAtWrihKV'nUaai-R,-'.fo:r'.' t.hoy, eanoot oxpbotto'enjoyUib-' benefits of British connexion without ex()Hrieticing' also its disadvantngeH, but if it bo Insinuated that the Irish nationalists of these colonios would give such ? attempts any encourage ment, I indignantly, deny thn charge. Whatever ?nay be our sentiments towards the Imperial Go vernment, w-. nre loyal to the coloninl authorities, and to the liinrl of _our adnption. In truth our fidelity to. pur pative land is the best guarnntee for fidelity to that ''of bnr adopticST. Our interests and those of bur fcllow-'colonista are absolutoly identi cnl. Liko ; them . we hnvo nothing to gain ond much to: lose, by tho .intrusion of a hostile forcrt, Fenian or other, on- these shores. Even were it otherwise, such supposed privateering expeditions 'leingnecossarily'mera birdsof passage,' hero to-dny and away to- mbrrow, none of us is mn.-j onongh to provoke 'the resentment of the rest of the commu nity by' siding with such passing invadors, and which resentmont would in tho event supposed be certain, to be, wreaked on us when the invaders had withdrawn. .??... ? .:'. ,:.;??? As to an Amoricrin head centre, issuing his man dates to Irish men in theao colonies, 'to carry fire and sword' into' the' homesteads of our fellowcolo nists of other nationalities, it is ns unreal a phan tom as the Kiama ghost. The Fenian organiza tion does not and hns never existed in tH?8B*tblo nies, otherwise it would long since havo buen dis covered. by the detectives employed to ferret it nut, whoso natural a'culeness has been sharpened by the ? liberal' rewards offered as tho fruits of such disco very. ' Besides I' may well nBk.cuiboho? How : would such wanton mischief as that forecasted pro mote even indirect!}' the ennse ol Irish nationality t It was otherwise with respect to Canada. The Fenians. wished to possess themselves of that coun try, as, a basis of operations whenco they could more effectually contribute towards Ireland's liber- ? atipp. 'Heiicb their attempt on that colony ; but oven those much-maligriod Fonians novor cont'om platod warring nin thb people of Canada, but on its Government, in so fnr as it represented and upheld British connexion. ?Woro- thatcoBnexion'diB8olved, Oana'da'i.wrtuliJ be. perfectly safe from Fenian moles tatiopof any.kind.,;. ',-.. . ,-..:,. ..'..-. , ,: Much as I sboulil dbplore the itmsion of. these colonies by any force, Fenian :br othor, .still I cannot but think that should such 11 casualty befall them/it will f'servcihetn fight;' since; though th«y: might have nationalism without niiy resort to' arms merely for thb asking, yet are- they so ' wedded to provincialism as to elect. for themselves n.poajtiou of dansHr,. for, they cannot cnj«,iy, the advantages' of British, connexion without' cxperi enrint; .also its disadvantages. I do not belipvb that in .tho hour of' need they would find1 England a frippd- indeed, able nB well' as willing to protect them.' -There nro now but two «rpnt powers in Europe, Russia and Germany, nnd England ni ay becomo.. at any momeut embroiled with one or . othor.j. .Franco, if, she .vvere ever, so ;well' disposed to England (which she is ho!) is not !b a position to aid any power,' but it is ; to be. presumed will ralhor concentrate nil her faculties to strengtlien ing what 'still remains loftier, :nnd retrieving thb. errors of the past. In a conflict with Russia 'or Germany, or both^it would give England enough to.do to preserve her own, t«rritory intact, nnd re tiiin Ireland and India, to which objuots her arma ments, naynl and military, nro principally directed^ I am convinced that in the case supposed these colonies would be abandoned to their fnto, despite iiny desire England might have to afford tho pi Bdcquatbj'protecti'on, nor nm I without historical precedent for. thin opinion. ! . : ? ?' ?; ??.;-:???, :?:?.. .,-?.:.: ?. '??. .-.: ??F.aithfully yours, i ,-.-, ; UM. a ..; 