GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. Thursday,- February 23. AGRICULTURAL AREAS. The Area of Lawson, m the County of Mac Donnell, is proclaimed. APPOINTMENTS. Fanny Carter, to be Postmistress and Tele graph Station Mistress, afi "Wellington, vice W. A. Carter, invalided. Mr. Kcbert Douglas to> be District Eegistrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, for the District of Wellington, vice Carter, invalided. To he Members of the Board of Management of the Adelaide Hospital, under provision of Act No. 7 of 1867, from the 14th ultimo, viz. :—Wm. "VVyatt, Esq., M.B.C.S.; Geo. Mayo, Esq., F.E.C.S.; Jas. Phillips, Esq.. M.B.C.S.; K. T. Wylde, Esq., M.B.C.S.; H. T. Whit tell, Esq., M.D.; A. E. Davies, Esq., M.B.C.S.; H. Scott, Esq., F.B.O.S. ; W. T. Cb'ndening, Esq., M.B.C.S. ; W. Gosse, Esq., M.D., F.it.C.S.; W. Townsend, Esq., M.P.; N. Blyth, Esq., ,T.P.; and D. Fowler, Esq. DISTBICT COUNCILS. Echunga.—Memorial from 28 owners and occupiers of land, praying that the District may be divided into three Wards, to be called Grafers, Echunga, and Hahndorf Wards re spectively. H.M.S. Blanche will proceed to the Lightship to-day, and we understand there will be some target practice outside. She will probably sail on Monday. Alad named Daniel Marjoram, residing at Queenstown, died on Wednesday from the effects of severe injuries he received several weeks since by a large iron tank falling on him. A public service in connection with the Bible Christian district meeting was held in the Young-street Chapel, on Wednesday evening, when the Bev. J. Hancock preached the official sermon. He fonnded his remarks ; on a part of the 2nd verse of the 19th chapter of the Acts—"Have ye received the Holy Ghost?" The different titles of the Holy Spirit were first referred to, and- then His attributes were dwelt upon. Appropriate passages of Scripture were pointed out, in which i His omnipotence, omniscience, and omnipresence were clearly proved. We needed more of the Spirit, as experimental godliness was impossible apart from His presence. After tbe sermon the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to a large number communi cants. On the following morning the sittings were resumed at the appointed hour. A reso lution was passed sympathising with the Bev. J. Way in his failing health, and expressing a' high appreciation of his past labors. The greater part of the day was taken up in dis cussing the desirability of dividing those - circuits which are too large to he satisfactorily worked. On Tuesday evening, 21sfc instant, a meeting of a very interesting character wa3 held in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, the ob ject being to bring more prominently before the, public the present state of the Port Institute, which has been for some time past in a very unsatisfactory state. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. Formby) presided, and commenced the proceedings, by stating briefly the object for which they were assembled, and then intro ducing the Bev. Mr. Henderson, who gave a short but very interesting lecture, on "The Oddities of Genius." Eesalutions were pro posed affirmative of the desirability of the In stitute being more generally supported than hitherto. The meeting closed by the Port Ade laide Volunteer Brass Band playing the National Anthem. Subsequently a meeting of subscribers was held to elect officers for the ensuing year, when the following gentlemen were elected :—Patron—Captain Hart; Presi dent, Mr. J. Formby; Committeemen, Bev. Mr. Green,. Bev. J. Henderson, Messrs. J. ItanD, W. B. Webb, G. W. Smith, J". Evans, W. L. Bavlv. C. D. Aston, A. NeiU, B'rad shaw, Campbell. As soon, as it was known that amateurs belonging to H.M.S. Blanche would give a Christy Minstrel entertainment in aid of the Prince Ai red Sailors' Home, it was felt cer tain that their kindness and generosity would bo duly appreciated, and so the sequel proved, for at tbe performance at White's Booms, on Thursday evening, February 23, there was a very large attendance, l oth the reserved and un reserved seats being well filled. The proceeds will doubtless be a very considerable accession to the funds of the deserving institution. The entertainment was of a most enjoyable cha racter, the performers, as a whole, manifesting much ability. The music, both vocal and in strumental, was really good—indeed, a violin solo was given in a very superior manner. The acting was capital, and the witticisms caused great merriment. There was some admirable dancing, especially a sailors' hornpipe, which secured the hearty applause of the audience. The programme included a negro burlesque, which was very amusing, and most creditably gone through. A female character iu it was ably impersonated. The entertainment wound up with " a plantation walk-round," everybody evidently being perfectly delighted with the evening ihey had spent in the company of re presentatives of the Blanche. 