h'qb art -to -w'n' 6 at h ol i e: ; ^fcEEERABY1 ASSOCIATION; :v ?' ; OPENING iKCT0BE OF THE SESSION.1 ' Thp.ppenkig lecfcuro of tbo sessioii 'of the : Catholic Literary Association wiis delivered (tlip 'Mercihv/ says) on Thursday evening, ? 16tliinst;,at St. Peter's Hall,' by the Most Rev. Dr; Murphy, Bishop of If obart -Town/ at:8,o',clock. On tho platform Ttore also. thp.^ery^Iloy.^tlip Vicar-General, Revy Messrs. D. P.. X. Bdcchinor . and E. R. Hcnne^ry, and Dr. E.' S, Hall. ' ' ' ' The President of ' the Association '(Rev. P. R. Hcnnbbry) 'introduced the' Bishop as the'lectuvor' of the eveniUff, and said his Lordship had chosen' for iis subject 'The, Council of the Vatican,' -which ho ; anticipated would be. ably,aud eloquently . treated. ;. : , ..... The'Bishop;, who .was 'received with applause, then proceeded with ., the lecture. Ho, said the 8th December; 1S69,: was an eventful day in the history of theirCliurch; : ' eyentful' in; the opening, of. the 'sacred: (Ecumenical Council' of the Vatican, the n.umber;of the Church's pastors present, , and the subjects; .offered for.their. dplibera- . turn and decision ; subjects relating; not. only to the ' divine constitution or ' the' Church, .but to thbioxistcnce.and nature of God 'himself ; 'to revelation, to 'faitli,: ! &C;, oneach of which subjects.new, errors had; arisen and been ? widely circulated. The number of prelates assembled at the first session was 767, and, having come 4\»nm nil ivii.fo dp f.lin linl^if nlVl A irlrtKri £liricA most remote from Rome, as well as contiguous to it, truly rpprcscnting the; universal Church. Never . before did' the' Eternal City witness any sight equal to that .; at the opening of the Council. That .was! the result of the chief pastor.of the faithful, speaking, to his flock, aud the flock (oboying his words. , Rome was crowded to excess, ? and, it, was' with difficulty its hundred thousand visitors could, find aecommodar' tion. But the prelates suffered no incon-' venience for ?want of room, for the Pope made ample provision; and the accommo dation, for the Australian bishops was of a superior ? kind, making it appear that; though they Ayere most distant frpni the person' of the 'Holy- Father .fcliey_ w.ere nearest to his solicitude. Tasmania was very nearly the 'antipodes pfllome. The1 Bishop then described- the booming of cannon and the' ringing of bells on. the! morning of the 8th December, and the congregation at St. Peter's, which, being capable of holding its 80,000 persons, was filled with human beings ; also the procos-. sion from the hall'in which the Pope pro-; cognises Bishops and delivers his ' alloca tions. Until the arrival of his Holiness, /wirt niAnl/1. nrif.in/i ,f.li« clioTrinfr /iF lmnric! ? nnrl friendly recognition- of many of the pre lates and clergy who perhaps had not met. for many years, a scene .which, however interesting to themselves, did not last long, for on the: entrance of the Pope and Cardinals the procession headed by the Cross, and formed of officials, generals of religious orders, Archbishops, Bishops, Patriarchs; Primates, Cardinals, and lastly the Pope, the Bible being carriedin state, advanced, entering St.' Peter's by. the great door, -which was opened only on solemn occasions, kneeling as they ap proached the High Altar; and taking the seats allotted to them. The spectacle was very grand, and no more fitting place could be selected than beneath the dome of the noblest temple ever dedicated to the honor of God, nor a more suitable chair for the Pope than1 that: from which the Prince of the Apostles delivered the words of eternal life. The function of the day was High Mass, cor'am ponti/lce ; the music was sung by ? the ? Papal choir, the sermon preached in1 Latin by a bishop:; after which his Holiness received the homage? of the fathers,, which wasoffered by kissing the cross on his toe. Then followed the Litany of the Saints, and prayers invoking the blessing of God' and the Holy Ghost, sung by the Pope on his knoesdn his rich and sonorous voice. Pius forth the objects of the Council, and thus opened the first Council of the Vatican, ?and the. Te Deum . was sung, intoned.by thb Pope, the effect of which thrilled the heart and elevated its every aspiration, to heaven.; ' ? His 'Lordship; here referred to a photo graph of the Couhcilof the. Vatican, re presenting. Pope Pius :IX., and the. assem- bled prelates, and Fathers of the Church, with the distinguished spectators.. At the Bishop's request, the photograph, a fino work of' art, 'done at: Rome, was ' passed round in tho body of the hall' for general inspection, a short -pause Occur ring in the lecture for. the purpose. ' On resuming, the Bishop- said .it; had .been his intention, to give a cursory glance at the important . subjects which engaged the attention of the Council from the day of the opening to-its termina tion, but he found that time would not permit of it ; and' he should therefore con- : fine himself to the subject of the Infalli bility of the Roman Pontiff, which had created an immense amount of excite ment all over the world. Before lie did so, he would say a few words as to the ?language used, the character of some of the speakers, and the freedom of speech ; allowed. The Latin was the only lan guage used in the Council ; many spoke it with fluency and elegance; He (the 'Riel-/vr»Vlin'ii»rl if* er\r»1rrtTi in 4'lmf. linll in n. manner that was unsurpassed. The1 address, in particular, of , tho Patri arch of Jerusalem was a finished . pieces of oratory. Of the Irish Bishops the speeches of Cardinal Cullen and the Arch bishop of Cashel were remarkable.- That of the Archbishop of Westminster was ; also a powerful effort of orator)'. Somo; of the Prelates spoke from manuscripts, and others viva vocc. As to freedom of speech lie (the lecturer) did not think a greater latitude was allowed in any other place in tho world than was permitted in the Council of the' Vatican, certainly: not in the English ?? House : of Commons. (Applause.) Bvcry: member, of the .Council; ' -w;as.. flowed; to, -speak, :and-,:as to. the miaprity being own-ruled by. the;majority, or ' coniirbllod bjr thcPbpo, and' dissensions being p.rbduce'dj:it;was like. other' charges which nad; appeared in' tho ' infidel r and anti-Catholic papers, and tho i : authors ; of those papers -had grossly maligned. ' .the Council../, (Cheers,): And ho, could ,add-- thatono yrprd of, disrespect .was never uttered, nor did any; of the fathers raise a voice in disapprobation b£ what' was . said by others1 contrary to their own opinions. (Cheers.) Every one was listened to with respect, and thero was: a prevadiug spirit of charity throughout the: . Council. Tho Pope was not present at any of the, dis cussions ; they werb carried on in what was called ? tho congregations, hold four or ,fiyo times . ,a week in uuo (jouueu' jaaii, ??' - commencing at 8 a.m. in summer, and 9 a.m. in win ter, and contrnuing till :l: o'clock. The' Pope appeared only at tho Public Ses sions. ; His. Lordship then read a portion of the decree regarding tho infallibility of , the Roman Pontiffs, to the effect that the! Pope .was infallible only -when speaking p.v cathedra, or in his official capacity, and he quoted portions of scripture ' from Math-, xvi. 17,!i8, Luke xxii., and John xxi. He said the immunity declared did not imply; that tho ;Pope could teach a new i doctrine ;: ho merely- ^defined or declared1 in a. few plain . clear words what was al- ; ready revealed, and regarding which; error or' controversy may have arisen. Nor were thcy'to hold that the Pope was free from error when he gave his opinion as a private _ Doctor of . theChurch, as a ipriyato individual;, or in mundane, matters in which he had not the promise of Di ivine .assistance, ... which he had in matters of faith and. morals. (Cheers.) Much less, did' it imply impeccability or freedom from sin. Infallibility did not interfere 'with his personal moral character; though' they should desire to see and had seen :Popes,the. faithful followers of their Di vine master. The dogrna,, when under stood, and divested of the .false ideas, and ^misrepresentations with which antiCatho lic writers had surroundeditshould present :no difficulty, even in the minds of unbe lievers, as there should be a tribunal to i appeal to in case of doubt, and such a i tribunal was the Holy Father in his offi cial capacity. (Cheers.) He then said | when the question of infallibility was laid beforo the Council, a small but energetic 'minority of fathers objected,, not because I they did 'not believe in the dogma, but ! thought that the time was' inopportune for i the. reasons stated. But those objections \- T7PT11 Glinfl . TTM1/1M vnn c«/-\« lTn/i n . I-...^-.-. r»1.4-, 'J-n ; bear, showing, that a dogma that was uui jversally held as divine: could not be in j jurious to the- cause of truth' and the in terests of the Church, arid that now was the time for defining it, especially as its ! truth was impugned by several Catholic ! writers of Europo, and the. influential press. The Council did its duty, and the ' definition was all but unanimously agreed to, there being only two dissentients ; it was carried on 18th July, 1870. and when the ; Pop« gave it his solemn approbation it was received with enthusiasm hf the fathers, i and literally thunders of applause several | times repeated by the vast multitude which crowded :the church on that day. The' effect was-.tr.uly sublime, audit, even seemed to receive the visible, approval of heaven, .'for the whole of the church, which had been enveloped in gloom, was lighted up with vivid flashes of lightning, accompanied withloiid thunder; the' idea of Mount Sinai occurring to some minds, and: that of: a second Moses delivering the law to his people. (Cheers.) Dr. E. S. Hall called for, a vote of thanks by acclamation for the Bishop's able .and 'interesting lecture, which was given accordingly, followed, by 'Three cheers, and God bless the Pope.' ? The proceedings then terminated; ? 