To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Dear Misthcr Edithnr, — Musha, sir, but it's yersilf is the jiuuwiu civil- spoken jiiitleman entirely, and I'd show mo grathito-.vd to ye if I could in the way that the hoaly fathers do, me lilessin on the goodn.atiired beuefactliurs ov the whole living f.arailv. both here .an in nurt'.ntlmrw by sayin as mannyave Marys an pathernosthers as would p.ay yc double and throblile fur every line ov me letthcrs ye jjut in yer Protcshtant Paper at tin times the v.aliio fur ivery word for the good of yer poor sowl and git ye a dispen- B.a3hnn frum his Holiness the Pope, (wait Larry, ye haython, till 1 cross myself,) fur yer not being a son of the thrue Church if ye wouhln't bo so hard on that misfortluinate cr.aytliur np. there beyant at Eidfern, I mane that wakcly.. lookin craythur -wid the long nose and longer leggs that marches up and down his verandy in a brown study so often, at the rate ov a raal march like a wise man as he is. 0 docthur, deer, cant ye lit the goraoou alone a bit, for .at the -worsht ye can only shignikantly tap yer f >rhead wid yer finger whin ye lefir to 'im. I'm moi'ghty dishplazed wid ye, docthor, for as shurc as I'm boddy an sawl a raal son of the True Church mesilf, that B.arae boy is doin his hist for ita advanshmint to the ntther dishkomfithur, or thim chaps they call Loyal Or.angcmin. Now Larry mo boy doant riz yer dander about thim.) 'Well, well, but it bates Bannagher wheriver they got tharo darin impudiiico. 0, murther, it's ennff to make all the Hinnessys and Finni- gana an O'Connelis an Bradoys in the Continent ov deer owld Ireland to rise np from their cowld beds in pnrgathory (if the m.arciful prastes would lit thim,) and -wid sowl -atcrrin sound ov the days ov owld wid a thousand voices in wan to thnndther into the ears ov the thrno boys th« swate univarsal passhword ov the clict, ELI- PHIMATIS, and thin maybe thim chaps wouldn't dar to put their iiiatings in the papers an publish thare puroadings so bowld ; for sure whiitivir they print or say about their innoshint intinshins and good feelin for the Catholicka, shztre they daren't belave it, for haven't the prastes from the alther declared that them Orangomin are sworn to w.adc knee deep in Roman Catholicks blood, an toho'll dar to say they don't know all about it 2 the hoaly cray- thiira. And if the ghosts ov the jiiitelinin down thare beyant ware to kim up wid the oiild pasliword they lift behoind.thim wonld'nt tharo be the foiiie hnllabulloo amangst the yallow boys. But whisphur, doether, but for the life of ye doant tell anybody, .an I'll m.ake known to ye the tbrne intnrpretashnn- of that swale briitherly liasshword. Are ye lishtening 2 0, if thim Onangeinin should know it what' would I do. But hero goes. Rut wait don't bo in too gr.ate a fliisther to" git it. I miisbt tell yc -that my interpi- et.ashuu is the avan they guv to the Boys, and was used as thare passhword in 1795, an "manny .a year afther an IT 18 THRUE. An as yc arc wan ov the ' Chargy yersilf, I'll aisc me coiiaoienao an cdnfiss the muvtliordus swate mailing ot that same, vidy lisit—E every, L — loyal, I — Irish, P — Proteshtant, H — here, I— I'll, M-murder, A— and, T — this, 1 — I, S— swear. Be Gorra, I wondther did.that craythur ill Ridferii iver take this swate pions oath. 0, but if he did. there's an liid to the myshtory of his writin' agin the Orangemin. An slnire that they are loyal it's mesilf knows out an out, fur over an over agin thejr showed that, not only in the Rebillyiin, but whiniver tlie Roj/s had a lark or ; a sliiudy m making burnt ashes ov the Protesht- ants' owld miii, an thare wives, an thare eliildor, an would git thim dacently crammed toother loike "a shwarm of bees in .a bcehoivc in the owld barns beyant, an thin Jiav a death dance arownd the lire, an would yell, an banther, an crack joakes at the dying-scramos ov the buruin hqroticks, an catch the bahys that wasjtlirown out by tliaro burnin mothora, an pitch them in gin with tlioir pitchforks, 'twas the Orangemin were called out to pnrtcckt the remaning Pro- teshtant proijerty by the magistrates. But docthur deer, is it aniiy wonther that the here- ticks should shtink in the noses of the prastes ? They say, " Come to mass and to conRsshun, I tell yees," aiidthoProteshtants— thehaythins — dar to say, "we wont, we'll confiss our sins to God '' As if they didn't know, the ignorant craythnrs, that the jmiste is GOD when in the eonjisshnmd. (Well now, Larry, that is strange ton, fur even the prastes says God is unchangoa- bel, ati shuro 'twould bo the raal unpardanabel gin iutiroly to say that the Almighty God got drunk now an agin, an would always hav the half-crown before he would giv ubshoiushin to the poor dyiu penetint sinner, which mesilf knows the i)rastcs hav done over an over agin, but I'm the pooi- ingnorant boy intirely). Well, is it aviny wondner, I say, that the hoaly ppostoHckal Church should rain down its awful curse on thim horeticks— why the inquisishnn was built, wid its nuld tortures, for their salva- iiun by the Church, hnndrids ov years ago. In 1103, fope Alexshander HI. was so mad wid thini that he published 2 decrees chargin all good Catholics to giv no asshistance nor rccop- ghiu whal-.ivcr to the hcrcticks. An the Domin icans were authorished to seize an burn all horeticks everywhere. ill t jc year 120!) the hoaly Catholic Arnold, the grand Inquisitor burned, botehoreil, and slaugiitcrod litteeu thoushand of thim in the wan journey, an thon, didn't he, the koali/ saint arresi. 450 ov the Knights Temirl.ars an burned o/oirc 4 )1 ov thim an hanged the rist, an thin didn't Pop:! Clement V. finish the work by killin de Molai their Grand Masthor, and sixty ov their prinshipal ollishers, an didn't the Church git their foiao eshstates an propcrthy. An tliin wdd inanny a thousand others, thim horeticks, Wyckliffo and Husa were roasted an in 1420. Seven toon hundred ov them were c-.st head first into ono Mine, an 1138 in amither an 1341 into anuther bukaso they wouldn't confiss to the prastes, an nearly all the hoaly Popos displaye l their marcy and goodness by slaugh- tcriii thim in their turn, and shure the pure and ho'ilji lives ov the Popes is beyand dishpute, an seeing that their anshcstors did the same is it anny wonther that forty thousand of the heretics shovild be kilt in the wan night in France, an that Pious Quekn Mary ov Ingland should light up her dominions wid the flames ov bnniin l'rote3btant.i? And shurc this is well known, an that the 'I'iirue Afioslallcal Ghurch is Infalyble ! All in that case its oiiposshiblc fur her to do wrong — an we know that in .the matther ov the lieruiicks she is oiichaugeabel ; an every mutt.hnrs sou ov the misfortshunato beret-ies would be sarvcil iu tbo same way noiw only its conmhienL just yit whoile theyro only wan third ov tiie Popiilashun. 0, wbirra murthur, wouldn'tj there he foine blazes agiu if, as the Bchiilnrds says, it was vice versa, an tlie thrue, Church was the two" thirds ? Bad scran to the bit of firewood we'd git at ' all at all for our own homes.— but thin we could wharm pursilvcs at %\\\e Imritings. ' , : Well shure isn't it as plain as lamplight thai the grate Misther Gordon knows all this betther than a poor ignorant craythur loike me ?— An he knows well that the tinder marcies ov the Ghurch hav always been .very tinder, .towards hercticks, an that the Chnrch is made up of Pope, Cardinals, Bishops, Prastes, an the pcojilc — bedad 1 was almost forgettin the bhister.s' the swato brides of Hivin ; an that the .people is ruled by the Prastes, and the prastes by the bishops, an the bishops by the Kardinals and the Kardinals by the Pope, and whin the Pope hates the hercticks (an the Orangemin is the wci'sht koind ov thim,) and says to the Kardnels, kill thim, emprissin thim, burn thim, deshtroy thim,— down the swate inisaage goes to the Bishops, and from thim to the prastes, and /rojR the prastes to the people an thin wo betide the hcreticks if thepaple is three to wan. Ghure Misbher Gordon knows this well, an ho does the very thing the Pope wishes which is to shtrivo to deshtroy what will uphold or shiipport Proteshtantism. The Orangemin the vagabones, is a shtrong shupport in Ireland ov over two hundred thousand in number, an if what th.at gorsoon said at Liverpool at the Orange mating the other night be thrue, that the Orange Sliociety in this Kolony is incrasing at the rate of over 250 every month, why what could the daceut man do liss wid his apparhenl deshirc to .serve the thrue appostolikal church, than to dcnonush thim and abuse the grate Docther down at Wcollooiuooloo, an idhtewart the Mimber, an Mr. Barker the barrisliter, andlasht, ; but not laste, yer swate silf, docther dear, for dariu' to spake the good word for thim Orange min. Shure doesn't Misther Gordon say that ye wor all coiidimmed by some of the British .mimbcrs of Parliament, an that he agrees wid .thim, and ye ought to be ashamed ov yersilves fur kicking up' such a shindy about the poor harmless pious an hoaly an thrue religion an its followers. I'm rite down ashamed of yeas all out an out. Not to spake of what right have ye to do it, hut why don't ye shtop all yer paroadings at onct ? Doesn't Misther Gordon tell ye ye ought. Why don't that rhapskallyun Misther Altherman Gooid, the Grand Masther, call in all the Lodge . Warrants, an disholve the whole Bhociety im mediately ? Doesn't Misther Gordon advise it ? An doesn't the same Grand Muster know what was done to de Moila the Grand Masther ov the Knights Templars long ago, an doesn't he thrim'ole wid all the Orange offishers wid him, at what's in shtore for him if he doan't obey Misther Gordon ? Why is it that ye are all so bloind, an hardened, an onconvinshablo, that ye aoan't see as plain as a pikestaff that Misther Gordon, havin' so much knowledge an Church wiahdom, sees the binifit 'twould be to the whole lot ov yees to lit the sons ov the thrue church to be as the Pope an the kardinals an bishops an prastes are prajring for, that is fur about six weeks only to be 3 to 1, an thin Misther Gordon the Cnanshellur kud be studyin the nature ov faggits an pitch an tar for the gloryus roastin ov the owld toimes. Good luck to ye Misther Gordon, no doubt ye are a wise -Au lamed man but if yell take the advice ov wan who doesn't purtind to thase things ye will make a publik rekantashuii, an open konfishun ov all yer miinn.yfold sins an transfrreshnns, .an go in fur a kardincl'.s instead of a Ghanahollur'.s Hat, fur ye are just the sort ov spabianc the Church wants. But, docthur, deer, can ye till me is there goin to be a union between the Church of Ingland and the Appostolikal wan ? Isn't it ra.al dcloightful to see the Bishops shn.appin their fin.gurs at the Edikashun Cown- shil an piittin up shcools ov their own, .an jinttin their curse on the bo.ys that will porshist in sondin their childer to the Publik Siicooi.s. But it bates Bannaghor out .an out the w.ay tlie tbriie cliuroh in prncressin here. If I'm wr.ang, shure, I hope ye'll korreckt me, but w.aslin't there groat doings in that school in Clavel.and- street lasht Tliursda.y week? I'd loike ye to make cnkwircs .about it. N.B. an so an, wash'nt it 5 noieo daoont young huleys wint down to Fort-street Sholiool to be exhamiued for pupil t.achers, tliecra.ytlicrs, .an bliss their young hearts which were loight enuff on the w.ay down, hut viccy verse.y in cummin back. I'm towld that the Inshpector whose wife and childerissaidtohelang to the thrue church .axed tb.em what chnrch they belangcd to, and iiiisforthunateiy for thim they were Preshbctaryans and Weshle.y.an.s, an th.at the Tnshpeetor towld thim he didii t want Pre.sh- hm/lnrians an Weshleyans astaehershub 150MAN C'\THOLTCK .and ' Church of hmlanders. 0 what a pity tho poor things werant Catholicks sliuro thin the.y would lie fit maybe to tacho tho Inshpeetors childer, an in their own wake w.ay carry out tho wishes ov Misther Gordon an bis loike. But, docthur, dear, snino of tbim bo.ys that have wives balongin to tire tliriie church an that sind thnre children to Confisslion an to the chnrch .are not mncli further from th" kingdum th.an Saint .Tndash Ishkariat was whin he guv the hoal.y kis.:) to our blissid Saviour ; fur the women are mighty coaxin, especially the cddik.ated wans, an the pr.astes have their eyes on tbim for good. 0 docthur, dear, ish't there goin to he foine toimes .agin ? Shuro w.ashii't it i-aal.bowld of that Inshpeetur to tell these poor deluded craytburs in sioh a woild an jintolmiiily w.a.y th.at Prcsbb.ytarians and Weshleyans washn't wanted. An 0 mnrthor, if its thr'ao, an I won't sw.aro it . ishn't, I'm tliinkin that We.arm», I think thoy'calHm, an Slitewart, the Miinbers, Avill konwince F.ather McKartliy that they arc not Nnhodys. I hear tell that that Wcarne is a raal tiger whin he is touched in the might spot .an by this an by that if ho doeshn't know the raison why a Wesldeyan was rojicted bekasc she washn't a Katholic, my name is hot Larry. An Shtowart, an the Docthur of Wooloo- moolop, ah the w.an at Ridfern an Woods an Shteol an tho rosht ov thim will he .axiu some ugly kwestshnhs, it its thriie. Ocli, that In- shjiector inusht hav been very ncer .soightcd not to see what would cum nv it.. But its meself hopes its not thrue, bokase it doesn't looke shtrai't an there's iiivir a man oat ov Tipperary would be sorrier to put the shaddle on tho wrong horse than tho poor boy who cried in naiii fur MORE LIME LARY. , " It is not denied, but rather openly declared tliilt. the, object of .an nctiro, numerous, and in- fluentiiil party in our Church is to bring about a union with Rome. " Appendix to Metropolitan's charge, Page 32. To the Editor of the Protestant Standard). Sir, — My thoughts having for some time past, turned to the snbjcct of ' union' as a duty, of all Protestants who have selise to discern both the avowed and insidious advaiices of Popeiy and Ritualism, I have been much interestcil in the oorrespnndence that has lately coine before the public, in reforeiico to tho probable attainment of siicb union, under the designation of " Orange Institutions," and I fancy the " slanderers" and their champion have done tho c.ause good ser vice, in having stimulated those who have al ready come forward in defence of " truth" and cominou sense. Mr. Alexander Gordon, who so warmly de precates Protost.ant union ; can he be one of those alluded to, as above, by the Metro politan ?— takes a period in our history when it seemed almost impossible to reconcile a wise toleration with a strict justice ; a period when it was fondly hoped that if Protestant toleration was extended beyond the bounds of discretion, it would kindle a rcoiprooity in Popery, and so, " if not uniting the antagonists in one body, at least would preserve them from remaining divided into two hostile and unrelenting fac tions and in this " spirit of hope" the resolu tion for discouragement of Orange Lodges was carried on Lord John Russell's motion ; and I may ask— could anything better be adduced to prove how unnecessary the resolution was as it simply referred to the " being" or organisation of tie Lodges, than the loyalty and obedience shown in their instant dissolution ? How fallacieus were tho hopes of Rome meeting England in a like spirit of toleration, is p"ovcd beyond eontroversy, by the Pope's audacious "act of aggression" in 1850; ho construed England's act as one only of folly and weakness, and as an evidence th.at the time had arrived when he might safely make a grc.at advance in that 'work,' which will never be given up so long as a foreign secret society can, as now, ex tend its ramifications throughout the length and breadth of the British dominions ; .and through its own self -proclaimed, and appointed "in fallible" head. Unless Protestants, agreeing to difler in minor matters, will unite to defend their own liberties, and may I not add, that of their fellow subjects of the Romish laity-for it is only through tho power of Protestantism that they enjoy their present compatativo freedom. Mr. Gordon, most justly giving great weight to Lord John Russell's opinions, after referring to his motion for disoncoiiragement of Orange Societies having been carried, writes, "The queatiou, therefore, which arises is this : It it was right and proper to dissolve these assccia- tions in England and Ireland in 1836, why are they to exist in 1871, and in this colony? Let me re-introduce the noble lord to Mr. Gordon as an older and wiser man, and who, as premier of England in 1850, addressed the subjoined letter to the Bishop of Durham, and from that letter I think he may gather a reply to his question. Copy of Lord John Russell's letter, written when premier of England, to the Bishop of Durham : "Downing-strcet. 4th Nov., 1950. "My dear lord, — I agree v/ith you iu consider ing 'the late aggression of the Pope upon our Protestanisui' as 'insolent and insidious,' and I therefore feel as indign.ant as you can do upon the subject. "I not only promoted to the utmost of my power the claims of the Roman Catholics to all civil rights, but I tliougiit it right, and even desirable, that the eeclcsi.astioal system of tho Rjinan C.atliolios should bo the mc.ans of giving instruction to tho numerous Irish immigrants iu London and elsewhere, who, without such help, would have heon loft iu heathen ignorance. "This might have been done, however, with out liny such innovation as that which we have now scon. "It is impossible to confound the recent mea sures of the Popo with tho division of Scotland into dioceses by the Episcopal Chnrch, or the arrangement of districts in England by the Wcsloyan Conference. "There is an assumption of jiowcr in all the documents which have come from Rome — a pre tension to suprcinaoy over the realm cf England, .and a claim to solo and undivided sway, which is inconsistout with the Queen's supremacy, with the rights of our bishops and clergy, and with the spiritual sndejieiKlciice of the nation, as asserted even in Roiiiau Catholic times. "I confess, however, that my alarm is not equal to my indignation. "Even if it shall .appear that the ministers and servants of the Popo in this counti-y. have not transgressed the law, I feel persuaded that we arc strong enough to repel any outward attacks. ' The liberty of Protestantism has been enjoyed too long in England to allow of any successful ntteihptto impose a foreign yoke upon our minds and consqiencos, No foreign prince or potentate will bo permitted to fasten his fetters upon a nation which has so long and so nobly vindicated its riglit to freedom of opinion, civil, political and religious. ''Upon this subject, thon, I will only s.ay that the present state of tho law shall be carefully examined, and the propriety of adopting any proceedings with reference to the recent assump tions of power, deliberately considered. "There is a danger, however, which alarms me much more than any aggression of a foreign sovereign. "Clergymen of our own Church, who have subscribed the Thirty-nine Articles, and acknow ledged in explicit tonus, the Queen's supremacy, have been the most forward in leading their flocks, stop by step, to the very verge of tho precipice. The honor jiaid to saints, the claim of infallibility for tho Church, the superstitious use of tho sign- of the cross, the muttering of the liturgy so as to disguise tho language in whiuh it is written, the recommeiid.atioii of auricular confession, and tho admuiistration of penance and absolution— all these things are pointed out by elei'gyjnen pt the Church of England as worthy of adoption, anJ now opraly repre hended by the Bishop of Lonuon ill the clergy of his diocese. "What then is the danger to he appi'ohndcd from a foreign prince of no great power, .com pared to the danger within the g.atcs, from the unworthy sons of the Church of England her self ? "I have little hope that the proponnders and framers of these innovations will desist from their insidious course. But I rely with confi dence on the people of England, audi will not bate a jot of heart or hope, so long as the glorious principles and tho ininiortal martyrs of the Reformation shall he held in reverence by the groat mass of a nation, which looks with con tempt on the mummeries of superstition, and with seorn at tho laborious endeavours which are now making to oouflne the intellect and enslave the soul. "J. Russell." I think Mr. Gordon must acknowledge that subsequent events liave proved, th.at it was neither right nor proper to dissolve the Orange Loclgos in 18.36, and that their re-formation and rajiicl extension will he the surest, if not the only, guarantee for our protection from the diiest intolerance and bigotry. Yours faitbfiillv. ORANGE-BLOSSOM. We copy the following effusion of the Rev. P. Dnnr. to the " Goulburn Herald," for tho edifica tion of our readers, who will be glad to learn that on the night of its publication the new Orange Lodge was opened at Goulburn, in which among other influential gentlemen, three clergy men were initiated. "to toe editor. "Sir, — Amonat the local news in your issue of Saturday last appeared the following morceau : — " A movement is on foot for the establishment of an Orange lodge in Goulburn." If I am not very much mistaken in my estimate of the good sense of the respectable citizens of Goulburn, I am certain that any attempt to establish an Orange in our midst will be immediately sup pressed. We are living, thank God, as we ought to be — iu peace and h.armony ; and I trust that no religious bigot or political adventurer from Sydney, will be allowed to disturb the peace of society, by stirring up religious animosities amongst us. What do we want with an Orange or a Fenian Society in this country ? I do not believe there is a Fenian, properly so called, in Australia, except there may be a few imported ones from Western Australia ; but if any one attempted tc establish such a society here, 1 would be tho first to raise a cry against him, and so hunt him out of the country. I .am quite satisfied that no respectable man in C ml burn will encourage any society which will have for its object the disturbance of the peace of our city and the sotting of those who are now friends and neighbonra in antagonism against each other ; and this evidently must be the result of an Orange society if established amongst us. I would venture to state that those who are at the bottom of this, have no interest in Goulburn; they are in all probability the paid agents of a kindred society in Sydney, who want to throw in the apple of discord amongst us. Our course is clear, should the attempt to establish an Orange society hero bo persisted A public meeting of all well- disposed and pcala- ablc citizens should be c.alled, and .ask tlw Government to suppress it and to protect thooa- agaiiist injury. Ir the Government will not in terfere, then, as .self-preservation is the fir.st lasv of nature, we may i)c driven to the disagrceabh) necessity of consiileriiig the best means of pro tecting ourselves. Argylo is not tbo soil la foster Orangoism ; and I will venture to pre.iicfc that it wiU never take root in this coimt;-y. But should its promoters bo foolisli enough to attempt, by any public mauifest.ition, to wantonly insult and outrage the feel ings of peaceable and well-dis|)osctl citizeui, they may possibly provoke opposition which it would be hard to blame and dillieult to prevent. We wish to live iu peace and harmony with our neighbours of .all denominations and nationalities. We would be sorry that any member of our Catholic Church would so far forget its precepts as to ofl'er any . insult to others on account of their creed or country. With these feelings wo are pi-cparod to jom with our fellow-citizens in promoting the public good, and iu putting down all societics'whcther Orange or green, which have neither religion, patriotism, or charity for their object." I remain, yours, &c.;,. Rev. p.. Dunne. Goulburn, August 1st. . ' 