i'ocnl intelligence. Amosemkht. — On the ereuinga of Satr urdrty, Monday, and Wednesday lust, the people of Cuouia and vicinity were afforded an excellent evening's entertainment by a troupe calling themselves the Exelsior Minstrels. On Satardny evening, the attendnnce was rather limited ; but, on Monday, Mr. Culien'fi lone room was crowded to excess. The first part of the programme on each occasion gave ample evidence of the fine vocal abilities of Mr. Jiurlmnk, and the complete mastership of the violin possessed by Mr. Rsidcliff. The audience frequently applauded both of these pcrfonncrB, particularly at the con clusion of Mr. liadcliff's bi.Io and ex hibition of the various positions in which lie placed the violin and performed thereon with accuracy and case. Mr. H. Kdgar did not sing to advniitiujp, but it is only junt to say he wan Buffering from a severe guve profjf tlmt he is a comic singer of no mean ability. The hush piano is, in itself, quite n novelty, and, under the hands of Mr. IlndclilT, afforded ocular and and pleasant demonstration that very good music csn be obtained from simple pieces of wood, Tho ghost was very good, and the part of the nervous traveller admirably snsiaincd hy Mr. Biirbiinlt. Tbe witicisnis. jokes, nnd sayings of Messrs. lladcJiflT and J}«i'biuik are, in Cdoina at leasl, new and quite refreshing. j hi; t;iau\;i uniii 1111,11 v i.uii\ j inti_n (I I til i^\'Tl O from I'aHs,' a burlcHque based on the ballooning excur.-ions during tho recent war, and calculated to cure the greaU-Ft hypochondriac of bin gloomy ideas. On the whole, the entertainment nfTordcd by the Excelsior Minstrels is very good, nnd certninly superior to anything wo have hail for souiu considerable time past in Cooina. Onmuitv. — Many of our readers will learn with regret thnt Mr. William Ross, late of Cooina, diod a short time since at Sydney. Tbo deceased gentleman had been long and intimately connected with this part of tho district. When Kiandra broke out, the Ink' Mr. Ross was ex tensively cngnged in business in Cooina, nnd erected the store in Mnssic-slrect Solomon. He was not, however, for tunate in his speculations, and had eventually to relinquish business. A few months before his death, he had the innniigpuifiil of Messrs. Hain nnd Son's store, hut left it to try and better bin 6t«te in Sydney. The deceased gentleman hnd many friends in Cooina, and was generally respected. He leaves a widow and three young children to moum their bereave ment Tun Sheep Disease. — We direct at tention to an advertisement of Mr. I'otlie's, the well known veterinary sur geon of (Sydney, to he found elsewhere. In a communication on the subject of that advertisement, Mr. Pottie tells iib that ' Mr. Murray has been experiment ing for the Government, is n most prac tical uian, and a complete stranger U- me. The medicine sent to you is the same, good for nil kinds of parasitical life in sheep, cattle, or horses.' The worm powders spoken of can ho had from week, whilst conversing on tho subject of the worm disease with one of the largest slice]) owners in tho district, we were told liis flocks are entirely I'rco from worm disease, and that he attributed its absence to the plentiful use of salt. From ex perience nnd observation, he wus con fident thnt for every ounce of suit he gave the sheep ho got an ounce of wool. At Queanbeyan, the sheep arc dying in large numbers from worm disease, nnd owners arc now supplying the sheep pienuiuiiy wnu salt; but it is le.ireit tins partial remedy is applied too lato. As nu example tlmt salt is a preventive of p:ir:isitieal life in sheep, it is affirmed that sheep in the salt hush country are but slightly atiackod with the worm disease. On Manaro, Bait is used iu very small quantities, and on some stations it is not used at all. The above assertion of its utility and niodicinal- qualities should induce its uso more extensively. Pastokal Association. — We nrein formed hy the president of the Manaro Pastoral and Agricultural Association that arrangements have been made to send to England for the medals awarded at the late show. A saving of £16 will thereby be effected. Wliilst a colonial manufactured article would be preferable, we suppose that economy of funds is a subject of consideration to a young asso ciation such as that in Cooina. The medals, we believe, will be to hand in the courso of a few months. Efforts arc being made at Queanbeyan and licga to start similar societies. Pedestriakism.— On Saturday last, tho rival ' markers' of Cnnma. \\\oA a spin of 100 yards for a. trifling sum, Gillon giving Stretch six yard. The latter won by about three yards. Some Bay Stretch won by fully 6ix yards, but the general opinion is that Gillon gained on him before the goal was reached. On Monday, they mot-sgain ; Mr. C. Solomon acting as starter. The word was given ; Gillon going away, aud Stretch remain ing at the scratch. This caused some little dissatisfaction to the spectators and the pedestrians. At a later hour of the afternoon, the race was run over again, when Gillon beat bis opponent by three or four yards. Bailiff. — For some few weeks past, the office of bailiff to the Cooma Small Debts Court and the District Court hns been vacant We arc informed that more than one applicant has tendered for the situation ; but no official announce ment of an appointment to the office has been made as yet. The inconvenience arising from this official procrastination was manifest on Monday last Attorneys were obliged to call their own witnesses, and the Police Magistrate bad to ad minister the oath. The Weather. — With the exception of a smart shower on Saturday night, and a slight fall on Monday, the Weather has been fine during (lie past week, with very cold winds. An early spring may be anticipated. PaOBlBITlOV OF VtCTOnilK SnEEF. — By a ^troclamalion in, the Government Gazelle of the 4th instant, the introduc tion othenriM thmu by sea of -sheep into this llony from Victori.i, ur any siteep whirl may have, within n period of e:gb4n months, been in contact with slicea'roui Victoria, is prohibited for a pcrioLf six months from the Kill instant. PaUii IIoaii. — The parish road men tioneojn tbe appended schedule has been conflrlid, and it is declared expedient to open id make that road. Persons in tcndinlto apply for compensation must serve \tice of their intention on the Colonia Secretary within forty dnys of the 4th istant : From the road at present in use (tan Manaro to Mcrimbula, within F. Tootlk 792 acres, adjoining Wolumla Re6erve,|o a point at the cast boundary of that llid, in county of Auckland. Hkvoi tiok or Rebeiive. — Munaro districts bounty of Beresford, parish of Colinton portion 15 of 50 awes reserved from sal under notice of 23rd December, 1871. Phe-i irnvE Leases. — The under mcutiom applications for pre-emptive lenses hi c been granted, subject to the usual co litiens. The rent for the half year con uencing let July last must be paid to flc local land agent within two months torn the 1st inetunt ; renewal of rent for 1872, in September next. The tracings if those leases marked thus * may be sW at the Cooma Land Office. \ uooma Williare Icclcston, county of Bcres ford, pariah. -jL Qtajura ; rent, 10s. William lily ton;, junior, 150 acres, county Wallace, parish of The Peak; rent, 10s. Anne Dunne, 240 neros, county Wal lnce. parish of l'-ol)iiml;iriih ; rent, 10s. Edmund Kvstns, 405 a?ves, comity Wallace, parish of Mynclt; rei.t, I2s. 8d. ? Kenneth McKenuie, 720 acres, count v Wallace, parish of Bobuudarah ; rent, £1 2*. Oil. ? David Main, 900 acres, county Wal lace, parish of Myalla ; rent, £l 10s. ? Edward Rose, 954 nc.res, county Wallace, parish of C11dig.1t; rent, £1 9s. lOd. *'U11II XI. »* ULnUII, i7UU 111; I Uh( lOIIHL^ Wallace, parish of Jimenbuen ; rent, £1 10s. ? .John Williams, 868 acres, county Wallace, parish of Lake ; vent, £1 7s 9d. lifi/a. Philip McCnuloy,' 320 acres, county Auckland, parish of Candclo ; rent, 10s. Snniuol Lucas, 3G0 acres, county Auck land, parish of Yuraminio; rent, lls. 3d. Eden. Henry Grant, 120 acres, county Auck land, parish of Ynglnmah ; rent, 10s. Charles Stiles and Co., 480 ncrcs, county Auckland, parish of Yuglamah ; rent, 15s. Deeds of Quant. — Deeds of grant for the undermentioned persons arc now ready for delivery, upon payment of tho as surance -ee. Application (if in writing) to the Registrar-General, Sydney, for delivery, must be attested by a magistrate. Cooma : Edward Freebody, Joseph Hey wood (2), John King, John Murphy, Timothy O'Mara, Joseph Peters (3), W. K. Smith, Matthew Sharp, George Williams, Caroline Wilkins. lkmbala : John Ciimcron (2), R. Campbell, senior (3), William CoulU-r, Michncl Ford, Willlilln f? mli m 111 / Ji \ Muffle -Tjicntili /'O\ James O'Hare, J. C. Hyrio and others (ft), Deborah Solomon, J. H. Thomas, Jiimes Thomas (3). Repa : John Browne (27), Ferdinand Berk! Florence Benio (10), P. W. K. Bcmo(2), W. H. Braine (i), John Colleton, John Collins, senior, Ronald Campbell, John D'Arcy (fi), William O'Neill (C), Jns. Rheinbeiger (4), C. n. Stiles (6), John Tnrlinton. Us-;i, aimed Lbtteus. — Letters re turned from the country and addressed to the undermentioned persons arc now iyni£ hi- me uenerni rosi wince, f^yunev. In making application for them, care must be taken to give the correct number of the letter, nlso tho dnti1 :ind number of the list: — List No. U. G-nnriil Post Office, Sydney, 15th July, 1.S7I. AVn- letters: 41, Mayln Oliver, Belmore Silver Mine*. Colonial /.client : G, Adams Joseph, Beg.i ; 14, Bully S., hepn ; 32, Bauer Mr., Bega; 74, Black man Mrs., Bcga ; JG8, Burclicr W., Panbnla; 167. Burnett J., Bepa; 12, Davies E. J., Delegate; 8fl. Dunn Prnncis, DuntroonorCanbcrra; 8, Haigh William, Bega(2) ; 74, Her D., Uombaln ; 103, Hoilick James, Cooma; 12G, Hornm Mr., Nimitybclle ; 35, Jones \V., KamarnVa ; 1!)7, Murphy Denis, Rosebrook ; 198, Murphy Timothy, Rosebrook ; 22, O'Kclly J., contractor. Bega; 26, Ser combe John, ]5ega ; 98, Spicer Henry, .Tellat Jellnt, Bega; 1, Tabor William, Bega ; 101, Williams James, Nituity bellc ; 114, Wilson W. H., Jindabync. In corroboration of onr remarks in last issue on the increased Railway rates, we arc informed hy a business man of Cooma thnt he wn£ nnnbled Knmn finin Rinen t/i send wool from Cooma to Sydney at the rate of Gs. per cwt. and to receive back loading at that price without touch ing the train in either the up or down journey. No doubt, others have done likewise. Mr. H. Wallace, of Dnngelong, recently sent two flocks of sheep from this district to Gonlbum. Not rinding a remunerative market thorc at the time, he trained one flock to Syd ney at a cost of a little over £60. The second flock having arrived at Gonlbum after the increased railway rates had come into operation, he forwarded the sheep to Sydney iu the care of drovers, at an expense of but £13, thereby saving nearly £50, a consideration in these dull times, when graziers are obliged to make a market for their surplus stock. All the wool from Queanbeyan has hitherto went by rail to Sydney, but Mr. Henry Wallace informs us that tho 'wool growers of that district lave determined' not to tend a single bah ny train under the present excessive Railway charges. These facts do not say much in favor of the policy of tho Government in increas ing the rates for carriage of goods by railway. Determined Scicipe. — Fatal Ef feots or Intemperance. — On Wednes day night last, information was given to the police that the body of n man was seen floating on theBomhala River, near to tho boat. A crowd soon collected, and the body \ras plainly seen in tbe moon light Various plans were suggested to bring it in to laud ; sotne went after an ?sc to cut the chain of the boat ; others irocured lines. Several tons of temper aucc iu the crowd (says our Bombala con temporary of (Saturday lint) pointed out this fatal accident us the result of in temperance; and ninny were the surmises as to wbo it could be. The corpse was at last dragged in, and turned out to be a stuffed figure, used by tie Excelsiors in one of their burlesques. We did not hear that a 'post mortem' was held. Legal— Mr. He-.ry Hraanuel Oulien, an Australian, too of Mr. A. Cohen, of Wynvord fqu»ir, Svdnrv, and brother or Mr. G. CoIk-p, 01 tho Cooma Hotel, Coonu, nas cilled to the degrre of bariiiter-»M»w bjr the If in. Society ol tin. Miri'lle Tomple, ou June 6, 1871. Kimitybelli. - Our correspondent writes t — Ai uausl, I am at a loss for tomi-thing to write ?tiout; hut, for nnt of a more intere»tin(! - ub. je»r, J'iJ begin wiib Ibo weather. Vor ilie J»»t loriniglit, wo have been enjoying delightful trea t\»» i light fro«U at m'nhi, but tho days are worm and gi'ninl. On Wtdnwdaj lsit we lisd some enow, with an extremely eold wind, and it is now (Tburtiiav) fretting with (rat inUntilj. The farmer* ar» still busy preparing tho (round. Sheep onneri ooinplain much of the disease and uniTocedenled fDorUtttv among tririr floolfv The roads, thanls to tbe frost, are esid to be in a tolerable condition. 