LITERATURE. ' Beviews. . "CHISMAN: MISSIONS TO WRONG PLACES, AMON WRONG PACES, AND IN WIIONG HANDS." B A. O, Geekie, D.D., of St. Stephen's Preßbyte rina Church, Bathurst, New South Wales. J. L Sherriff, Wynyard-equare, Sydney. The title of this work expresses the aim and pui port of it, The author takes a rapid glance at th various fields to which missionary enterprise ho been directed, and then shows that the races arnon which missionaries hitherto have laboured are fat dying out, from which latter fact he infers that mis sionory labour has been wrongly directed, and tho i as the church haB not the means of sonding mission I aries to all parts of tho world she ought to économie her resourcesjso as to send the gospel to permanec races rather than to those that are perishing. _ Thi j is the cardinal idea which pervades and underlies th book, and the certainty of which all the fad adduced are intended to establish and illustrât» i The argument is stated formally, and by implicatio: ! in that part of the 11th chapter wherein the authc replies to certain plausible objections to his doctrine he says : People reply, that tho spiritual intercstj of an Indian or ! Tahitian ara of'as much moment as those'of a Hindoo c Chinaman- a fact which, so far as the individual soiil Í3 coi ¡ cerned, is beyond dispute-but those who urge this can beeasiJ ! met by the c'ounter- statoment, which never occurs to then that the soul of a Hindoo or Chinaman is of as much valuo J that of an Indian ora Tahitian. 'Jhe value of any soul to il possessor or Author, is equal to that of any oilier human sou and such being the case, we are called on to deal" with rac( upon other considerations. We are to inquire, with a for< at our disposal notoriously inadequate to tho wants of tb world, What is best to he done?" How we can moko 'the moi i of it ? Surely it is evident that we can make the most of : by using it to Christianizing the most permanent races, -J ! generation of such, if'Christianize:!, remains, and leaves au< cessora increasing in number. These successoro are Christa successors. They have been taught by their Converte fathers and mothers the same truths which their parents wer first taught by the missionary. Thus taught, they aro prepare to teach their successors ; and as the first set of Christianize: persons belonging to a permanent race find in their childre: t>n audienco much larger than the missionary found in thom so their children, when they become parents, And again still larger audience than1 they themselves constituted. > permanent race grows more, or less rapidly ; hence, by teach ing tíod's truth to them you do two thing's-you give it ii 'charge to those who shall continue it to the end bf time, am you - siva it in ' 'charge to ' those who shall multiply ani increase. "'By teaching such,'you save souls whose individua value is eqiial.tó that ot any/other souls ; but you do. aniel more-you save now souls from death, you also make'¿ucl preachers of saving truth to other souls, and sow a seed o religious power, which, so far *s a man can discern, will pusl its'life over forward, never failing to reproduce itself fron generation to generation, until the close of ages. Religion once fairly rooted in a permanent race, is a permanent good It is a work coeval ia its duration with tho cautinuance o men themselves. . Tho end of time, and the last members o the church militant, shall tell of the abiding work wrought b; the wise missionary, who, by God's blessing, has proved th right man to the r'ght race. And suroly, if this be so, a mis sion to adying race caunot compare in importance with sucl as we have been describing. Ia this latter case the thought ful missionary has a given reward.--.Ho has many converts it may be, ia his own day ; for it has often happened tba these races have more readily accepted Christianity than thosi of an abiding character. This has been specially the casi in the South Seas ; for, making every allowance foi exaggeration all but inseparable from enthusiastic work, there can be no question as to tho true workdoneinPolynesia But such a man, if he has had present joy must have felt also that his success would havo nt continuance. Around him aro gathered a people, who, wil ling though they may be, shall cease to preach and propagate at a point so close to tho present that it seams but to-morrow Tho white man, as in America, will, iu two or threo genera tions, pones* theso islands ; the i'olynesian will, in two 01 three generations disappear, remembered like Elicts' Indians, by grammars, hymn- books, and Billies in unknown lan guages, or by curious relics in far-off museums. Wa pro roundly sympathize with tho noble mon andro-umen who hav< so faithfully toiled in these seas, and who are now so faith fully toiling ; but we feel that their work, as far oa tho work is concerned, is noble labour misdirected. Not until those enduring races which are now in profoundest darkness. hav< been supplied with Christianity, can wo recognize the claims of othors. Two suppliants seek our alms ; the one is ii want, but young, strong, and the father of dopondont beings the other is in Wrtnt, but moribund, and having none whe ask bread at his hand. To which shall wo give the only, and in any case the inadequate, morsel at our disposal? Wo leave tho reply fearlessly to tho dispassionate aud tao wise. In support and illustration of the chief proposi tions embodied in this passage, Mr. Geekio adduces a great varioty of facts. The dying out of whole races of coloured men is a fact in history as melan choly as it is true. Tho Mohawks, Sonecas, Naticks, Oneydas, and Hurons, once so powerful are now no moro. They dwindled away and finally died out before the march of the white man. The New Hollanders aro also vanishing from the face of the earth, and in a few more generations will be gone. In New Zealand a similar fate awaits the Maori. In 1848, the New Zealand aborigines wero estimated at 100,000, in 1858 they had diminished to 56,049, and according to the census of 186S they now only number 88,500. Thus in twenty yearB 61 per cent, of the Maories have disappeared. A similar wasting of the people is now slowly taking place in the New Hebrides and Loyalty Islande. These people have received Christianity from the missionaries, but religion does not exempt them from the doom which apparently hangs over the whole Polynesian family. The Fiji Islands are in number 225, and some of them aro of considerable size. Tho native population was once very numer ous, and to a considerable extent have been Christianized by the Wesleyan and other missionaries. Such great success attended tho efforts of the Wesloyans that, as our author informs us, they had in 1868 in the Fiji circuit twelve Europeans and forty-five nativo missionaries, a large body of cate chists, class-leaders, and local preachers, and 17,000 members. Notwithstanding all this the aboriginal population of the Fijia is decreasing rapidly, and in a few years more will be extinct. A similar decrease ÍB predicable of the people of Samoa and the Hervey Islands, of Tahiti and the Tahitians, and of tho Sandwich and Marquesas Islands. In fact, if Mr. Geekie's work could be divested of that savour of unctuoBity, which somehow or other all clergymen contrive to impart to all their writings* those por tions of it which treat of the decay of tho coloured races might be inserted aa a distinct chapter in one Mr. Darwin's works, BO fully do the facts stated by our author warrant some of the conclusions at which Mr. Darwin has arrived. Mr. Geekio strongly recommends united action to the attention of the church. In the concluding passage of his work he shows how the various Pro testant sects might carry on missionary work among ! the permanent races of Hindostán, China, and Africa,1 ?without lowering any pretension. _He forgets, how ever, one point, namely, that it is far from likely that largo bodios of the permanent races will actepfe the dootrineB taught them by tho missionary BQ. readily as the un- permanent races have done. Tie success whioh has attended Christian missions India and China has been trifling, and in most cnsoi bas been accomplished where the grossest supersti tions have prevailod. But suppose that the Brahma. Somaj of Rammohan Roy, or the more philosophic Deism of Keshup Ohunder Sen should prevail throughout India, what would then be the effect of j missionary efforts ? This question and the facts. I pertaining to it, seem to have quite escaped our author's notice. We may edd that Mr. Geekie's style is calm and judieial rather than'florid; while-hiareasoning, which in moat cases is baaed upon facts, ia generally con clusive. His work is nicely printed on toned paper, and neatly bound in cloth, and, in all respects forms . a very acceptable addition to colonial literature. I " AUSTRALIAN- WILD FLOWERS," freBh gathered from I the field of. Poesy, comprising a collection of original poems on various colonial subjects, by George E. Loyau. Loe and Ross, .Casfclereagh street, Sydney. In this hard prosaic age, when money and military glory seem to regarded as the end and aim of all human effort and the chief good of the world, it is quits refreshing to find a man like Mr. Loyau wooing the muse in the midst of sorrow and difficul ties. Mr. Loyan is both a bold and adventurous writer, otherwise he would not dare to publish poem after poem amongst a population who have never shown much partiality for a native _ litera ture. His muse also appears to be prolific. A few weeks back he ' published the " Australian Seasons," and now ho appears again as the author of-these Wild Plowers, many of which aro fair to look upon, and exhale the grateful odour of the. blossoms of poetry. In some introductory remarks he affirms that the pieces headed .'Psyche," "Ileen," " The Deserted Wife," and Authorship," were not written in imitation of the " Haven," " Queen of the May," " The Song of the Shirt," and " The Charge of the Light Brigade," but wore com posed for other reasons. Yet, notwithstanding this protest most "readers will perceive the traces of imitation. We advise Mr. Loyau to ovoid this rock in future. There is much sweetness in some of his poems,' iñterblended with many pure and noblo sentiments. Tb enable our readers to form their own- opinion of his merits as a poet; we quote bia .??Psyche." ; - ? ? ; . ' PSYCHE. . What power of production; what organs of construction, "What depths of generation hath tho over fertile Mind, flow vast its procreations, how strange 1rs fluctuations, _ How sweet its tine creations-perfect models of their kind ; How deep its agitations when new things are designed ! Maybe 'twas Fancy's seeming, or porhaps, a noontide dream ing, A vision lately sought me in the open light of day ; I was sitting sad and lonely, as I often sit, but only Beside me stood a being thit I fain would senro »way ; A weird, and awful creature, whom I could not scare away ' I was sitting in tho centro of the room ; it did not enter By the window, by the chimney, or by the half-shut door ; . Was I awake or dreaming ! or was it Fancy teeming In my brain cellB that had conjured a spirit from her store ? It stalked, it walked, around me with no shadow on the floor! I was giddy with brain-working, on themes.ïfrom whence the shirking Might probably esposo mn, to some unlooked-for pain ; When I saw the Thing besido me, its smite seemed to deride i me ; I Its look appeared to chide mo, a look which pierced my brain : A fearful look of horror, that scom'd to sear my brain ! I was seized w°Hh oscitation, exhaustion, and prostration, A strange wild agitation, which ran through every vein ; An inward, icy feeling, o'er all my senses stealing ; An icy, burning feeling, a dira nnwontcd pain, Spreading like fire about mo, and burning up my brain .' Then no word could I utter, no syllablo e'en mutter, While with unusual flutter my heart beat in its cage ; I strove to speak, bat could not, my tongue as if it wonld not Again be moved to action, was still with fear and rage. Suspense when thus protracted, make hours seomod an age 1 Tho grim, gaunt thing grew taller ; and I, I seem'd much smaller ; My very vitals shrinking, my skin liku parchment bound ; Its corpse-like cheeks had brightness, a pale unearthly white- * ness, And though its 'eyes were sightless, lt seemed to gaze around ; A ghoul, a ghost, or vampire, without shadow on tho ground I It spoko, its voice was hollow ; I tried, but could not follow The mystic words it uttered, yet many things it said ; Ken now I seem to hear it, it haunts mo and I fear it ; Thai horrid voice yet haunts me as something which has fled, A tone from one departed, long since forgotton, dead 1 If rightly I remember, it came in drear November, No wonder that my form was shivering with cold ; Since England ia December, or evea in November, Is a place where Nature spreads her royal robe of cold, And frost-pictures on the window, the inmates can behold I'd been sitting calmly writing, intricate things inditing, Nb wonder that I felt then, tho cold strike through each vein, I knew the why and wherefore, that icy coldness therefore Had wrapped up all myjbeing with ono deep sea of pain ; But I could not comprehend then, the burning in my brain Seeking for some snggostion, I asked myself this question ; When the Being who had hovered around my easy chair, I Gave back tho words I tittered, speke tho very things I mut } tored, Sty soul grow faint, and fluttered with newly-born despair: A new hell- tortur'd sorrow dragged from its hidden lah. It spoko, and while I listened, mino oycB with sad tears glistened " Oh wretched wreck of manhood ! why hasi thou crush'd \- thy mind ? A God forui'd Groat Creation, source of boatificatiou, Sunk low with irritation, and seeking rest to find : Seeking from thy vexation, repose and peace to find- !" "I am the ling called ' STUDY,' my cheeks onco fair and ruddy, "Were lovely ns tho being who gave lier Ufo for thee : Thou sittost by tho tiper, among tho piles of books and I paper, I Forgetting all things else-a truo votary to me : I Thy health, thy youth, thy love thou hart sacrificed to rae.' T m?k not tny iBrm of sovcovr will vanish with to-morrow, Thou still wilt strive to borrow a something from my charms ; Aa a syren I allure thee, to work which must insure theo The meed of bitter anguish, of terror and alarms, While purgatory's torments all nestlo in my ¡urns !" . *«?»?«.** * * * From out tho depths of mourning, I found my mind ret urn mg, Kovived, from hell's deep darkness, and drawing breath again, The shape had quito departed ; thus, now freo and light hearted, My strength shall bo exerted no moro with such a strain, A strain on mental power to overwork the brain ! Though sometimos I'm elated o'er matters whioh 1'vo hated, And long to woo,the Muse and her forbidden lore ; But tho dark brain-burning sadness, the days of moody mad . . ness, That wrapped me with their mantle in sfoidy'a realm of yore, Will be a lesson to mo-once, and for evermore. 