RECOLLECTIONS OF REPOKTEJi. [Tho following graphic sketch 13 from the pen of our Hotspur Carres | pondent]:- . , The recollections of 9 " Physician" , attained i celebrity from ?the_ truthful ] appearance which. characterized them, and'the "Detective" who followed suit, commanded the ear ot the public | bo attentively that it .would have been 1 difficult to determine, whether the pseudo trap or the pill-grinder was the better man. The writers were, how ever, both fictionists, and probably neither of them could mix a bolus or up ply the »darbies" for the life of him, The reporter is excluded from the fiety of notion,"and many a tale of , sorrow and distress carefully penned "by him has either been "crowded out," j or withheld by the intercession of sor-, rowing friends. I remember reporting » very singular " Sheriffs inquest" j many years ago, which was crowded out, and at the same time was worth a hundred homilies. > The chief magistrate of Inverness, 3?rovost FraBer, was an extensive ship > owner, and Captain Win. Elett com manded one of his ships called the > MoXiuf.tflett was supposed to be a stern teetotaller, and the Provost never > for one moment doubted that he was a viery strict cine, although his face > almost belied the imputation, for it resembled a gor*west moon, and bis > jibboora exactly; resembled a bunch of over-ripe brambles squeezed somewhat > into the shape of n nose. The truth is that FJett was a very great > dissembler, and although he never on any pretext entered^a tavern or drank > grog either at Newcastle or Inverness, between which places his ship traded, > he never , theless drunk rum continuously during the Voyage; and for the purpose of concealing his toping propensity, be caused his first and second mates to live in the starboard forecastle with a feigned view of keeping a better super vision over the men. Cripple Andrew the cook was the only person in the ship who was cog nizant of the Captain's weakness, jiod \ he was a surly old salt who had spent1 pearly half a century in the navy, eternally discontented and always growling. In fact if any of the* crew had disturbed him while he was mixing .*the skippers tay," he would have coughed out a volume of expletives sufficient to blow McDuff's head off the figure at.the ship's prow. . Captain Flett was lucky in making speedy voyages, and his sobriety either in Newcastle or Inverness enabled his nervous System to recover the shock it had received after a voyage j and consequently delirium tremens had , never visited bim; but on one occasion the MoDuff was driven back three times to Port George by Btress of weather, and \?as ultimately becalmed in the middle of the North Sea, in con eequenoe of which her voyage in place of continuing over only a period of five or six days, had lasted for six ?weeks, the whole of which period Flett devoted to uninterrupted intemperance. On the evening of the eighth day of the calm, while his crew of very upright but very superstitious Cromarty sea men were spinning yarns in the forecastle, Flett entered perfectly sober and assured them seriously that the devil and the witch of Endita were both in the cabin, and Cripple Andrew could not be' found. The poor men trembled and' looked aghast, but the hoy Geordie Gun was persuaded with some difficulty to go in quest # of Andrew, whom he found slumbering in the caboose with a panniacn of rum "beside him. He awoke the cook," but on assuring him that the devil and the witch of Endor had first called to see him, he, the boy, was greeted with a volley of expletives, consigning the Jfc Buff arid all Geordies generation to " Regions of sorrow-doleful shades, "Where hope, and love, and peace can never dwell." In the meantime the captain had returned to the cabin and was making violent exertions to get body and bones into one -of his own boots, and the boy having been persuaded to take a peep in at tho cabin door and see how the resuscitator of Samuel dis ported herself, got foul of a cod hook and line; which hung down the com panion way, and thereupon vociferated " 0 erroo, errool help, help! the devil has me, ha me cheshl ha me chesh 1" The men all rushed to the stem boat and pulled away for bare life, while Cripple Andrew hobbled to the cabin uttering terrible impreca tions and expletives; but apparently not the least frightened of Lucifer, for he was said to be better than half devil himself. The captain confronted him wielding his razor which he ultimately drew across his own throat with such violence that he. nearly severed his head from his body. And Geordie Gun the little boy who.now: doth crazy, go : " ' " Ha, ha, cried he, full well I see, The devil knows how to row." The boat was upset that night in a squall, for the calm gave place to a gale, and Andrew, sole survivor of the MoIhtfjF wrote with chalk on his rum pannican " Touch not ! taste not / for I have hilled more victim than sword or pestilence," Flett'a unhappy wife and his beloved little ones still look "wistfully across the sea, often mistaking the white 'jvavesj foam for his sails, and doomed in j Bad suspense to bear the hope that keeps alive despair, and Flett's ghost it is said, sometimes appears in the storm exclaiming mournfully, " Touch not! taste' not!" and the spirit of the gale, piping loud replies Touch not! taste- not! for death is in the cup." 