TALK ON 'CHANGE. " I trill boy vith you, sail with you, talk iritb you." —8HA.KSPE&B;&. " — Quunquam ridentem dioere Terutn Quid vetat? JBorack. So the Honourable Archibald Michie is bound for Capua. How will the luxurious ease of the Legislative Council accord with the untamed spirit of the impetuous political Uhlan whose, rapid attack and retirement under cover were so dreaded by slower-moving members in the Assembly! Never, on this side the equator, have there been such ora torical duels as those between Mr. Michie and Dr. Evans of ponderous periods and sonorous sentences. Not the rude efforts of raw athletes these, but the skilful combats of trained gladiators. The massive and crushing advance of the Johnsonian' doctor was im peded by a harassing flank attack, and bis more lightly equipped adversary had no sooner escaped the cestus than bis net was ready to again entangle his powerful enemy. How will the Honourable Archibald Michie com port himself when the next Tariff BiU comes up with a tack? Will he cling to his old colours, or, like Sir Robert Peel, claim his right to change bis opinions ? It would do toe Legislative Council no harm to have a few more Micbies amongst them. Why did not the Old Colonists1 Association make an effort to keep together toe tote Mr. Kelly's collection of portraits of eminent and eccentric Victorians? There was a solemn •nggestiveness in the re-appearance of many once-familiar faces which hadlong gone out pfreooHection.The old scytoe-bohrer has not been MM Some Joniriallsts '(If Mr. Woods will excuse my tons designating them) rescued from dispersion the counterfeit pre sentments of a tow past-masters of toe craft, beginning wito the brilliant Frederick Sinneto ' tohme place knows him no more; '' WeU -db I remember him, at old BremeU's In Swanston-street, knock ing off -loaders "'tot -'a daily journal— writing brightly and- pungently at tin and qf toe long dlntog'tablein toe public room, and toe miart of a noliy bateh of feUow. veridsnti;' ihete'%hs riot ' toe ttiih to buy' Mesitt. Glam knd Kyte toat toere would have ' ten ySan akbi' lhtoe plctotoe rather bung «u-band. Nor was JohnBpaikes In late Melbourne phydciia' liho bad proriourioed : my and dM ritorttif^lfls'^vatA^tid -tef'lba-W ito 'tite' bi^M 'nstrits: I became convalescent at once, and have lived long 1 enough to write his epitaph—if epitaphs were bnt paid for at the usual rate per line. I forgive nor old friend under the circumstances. Here is Colonel Ross, the most soldierly- looking volunteer that ever bestrode an Australian charger. There James Stewart and John Hunter Patterson, our jovial com rades in many a morning's cavalry drill. Here again » poor little Horton, who forsook journalism for the Ballarat Corner, and who Lad always gigantic transactions—pending. Many of them, I fear, never came off. Amongst the absentee# whose farewell may not prove final were Jobson, Wilson Gray, the gentle-tempered ex-Land Minister Home, the versatile Butters, and the still more versatile Train. But of all that motley collection com mend me to the example of Virgil's steterunU que comce, as illustrated by the Hon. George Harker when he saw his first ghost or an un expected financial deficiency; or can it be something he has just read in the Bible pho tographed with him, and which, by the way, is wrong side up. < I have either read or been told that on her last homeward voyage the s.s. Great Britain encountered the most terrfic hurri cane Captain Gray had ever experienced in the fine old ship. She palled through. The success of that marine veteran is astonishing, when it is remembered that she was the actual pioneer of ocean screw steamers. How few of the latest pattern can take the wind out of her sails to day I Thirty-three years have elapsed since her first keel plates were laid. To thousands who have sailed in her, the detailed account of her construction in the Life of I. K. Brunei (Longmans, 1870) ought to be interesting, for her name is a household word in Victoria. When she was stranded in Dundrum Bay, Mr. Brunei wrote with pas sionate affection of " the finest ship in the world, almost as sonnd as the day she was launched, and ten times stronger and sounder in character, lying unprotected, deserted, and abandoned." Her subsequent career fully justified Mr. Brunei's encomiums, aud after ruining her first owners, she has proved her self about the most commercially-successful' of that sanguine engineer's expensive experi ments. " Sorry for David Walker!" That was the most frequent comment upon the news of the wreck of the Auckland. For David Walker is a popular commander, and the commodore of the A.S.N. Company's fleet. That com pany either dispenses With a captain who is unlucky enough to lose a ship, or else he is put to the bottom of the list. Captain Moodie, who was unfortunate with the City of Sydney, elected to resign rather than sur render his position on the roster. I have very little doubt that when all is over, it will be found that Captain David Walker is not much, if at all, to blame. There is no readier method of reducing the mercantile marine than the combination of foggy weather and compasses astray. Long ago children were children. They spent their pennies in toys and sweetmeats. They smeared their infantine countenances, and received castigation in an old-fashioned, undignified, bat thoroughly effective way. Npw-a-days, there is an effort to make children hypocritical little humbugs by moral suasion. They are taught to deny themselves hardbake and to contribute their packet money for the edification of the pagan. They iare induced to club their twopences in order that each school may "maintain its own child" amongst the heathen. I venture to think that charity should be discriminating, and that the discrimination should be exercised by the donor. And a child, however precocious, can scarcely calculate what proportion of its twopence goes to the object of the charity, and how much to the resident missionary. Let the school-room be devoted to its intended use, and not be per verted into a missionary-trap for a child's stray halfpence. It is the children's parents who should determine what support the aboriginal mission deserves. It is certainly more rational to make an effort to human ise the Australian native than to seek objects of benevolence on the other side of the globe. The 'more distant and inaccessible the locality of missionary labour, the grander the resnlts—in the reports. I think that if any thing would inspire confidence in this Austra lian mission work, it is the modesty with which its -success is described. The report says"There is not so much drunkenness amongst them (the aborigines at the station) as there was." , In opening the proceedings at a meeting of persons interested in these missions, his lordship the Bishop of Melbourne referred to the "atrocities which had been committed on the blacks before his arrival in the colony, and the destruction that had occurred among them through tribal ware. That state of things had now passed, and it was very Beldam th&t; murders or tribal wan were heard of. That alteration was partly in consequence of Christian missions," &C.; Now, with the highest respect for his lordship's opinion, most people Imagine thatin later yean there are fewer fights amongst the blacks because there are fewer blacks to fight They are not stiaight-laoed at Sandridge They never were. They danoe, and ring, and sup, and make meat, for the love of God and the good of (he dmrdi. It they go further in pious pastime, they don't (ell abont it in their; advertisements. They ate not lachrymose 1 Christians at Sandridge. They combine | pleasure arithteUgfoui ttutyin the happiest manner, Couldn't theHunt Club give the Sandridge ohurch a benefit performance, or Hussey'a Minstrels, or, the Continental Caf<5 if it be stillin the old current of profitable badness? If anjbodythinks that the Sand ridge oommitteewould object to money from ity source'whatever, 'let that person try the experiment. When the net is cast in that marine Suburb, they thankfully accept every-, " 'ng that oomea within its sweep, and betray Imeab ftWdfcmsness. After, all, the ball suppMfor church pnrpoees Is only one1 Lrthttthan'the baiaar and raffle dodge, pwathw arenot to have it all their own way [a future. If the parson is down ; on the people, there is a kind of retributive justice in the prospect of the press being down1 on the parson. It will brighten up some of (be heavy scbool of preachers to be in mortal terror lest there should be a journalist in the gallery taking notes for a forthcoming criticism. The congregations are not all like the plain-spoken Scotchman who. when asked by bis minister how he had enjoyed the Sabbath services, expressed his entire ap proval, because he could just cross his legs, close bis een, and think upon naethin'. I am j afraid, however, that not a few church | attendants would be sorely puzzled if asked , to give a precis of the sermon. If they don'ti quite sink to the level of absolute mental vacuity, still they think about business, the last assembly bail, or how to spot the winner of the next Melbourne Cup out of a hundred entries. If the people employed in Messrs. Steven son's big warehouse in Flinders-lane came forth armed with yard-sticks and scissors, and broke the windows of Messrs. Banks and Co.'s rival establishment across the street or if they damaged the building and stock to the extent of £1,000 or so, every one would at once recognise the lawlessness of the outrage. But because something of the same kind is done under ground at Ballarat, the offence is looked on as venial and unimportant. Drives and workings represent property just as much as if they were buildings on the surface, and are entitled to the same protection. These un derground workmen are out of sight, and Pod snap loftily declines to concern himself about fellows with pipeclay on their moleskins. The Londoners compelled George Train (or to be more accurate, George Train's assignees) to pull up the first street tramway laid down by G. F. T. They raised endless objections, and never ceased from troubling until they bad obliterated the brand of Train from their roadways. Bntthe foretaste of a real public convenience was not lost upon the city. After the lapse of years, miles upon miles of street tramways are in course of construction, the old complaints have disap peared, and every one is newfangled with the revival of the tiling against which there was so loud a civic outcry. Despite the rather unfavourable levels, Btreet tramways are quite practicable in Melbourne; Mr. Long, the painter of that delightful picture, "The Dancing Girl before the In- quisition," in our National Gallery, has had forwarded to him the various criticisms on his work which appeared in the Melbourne journals. He expresses his gratification at the warmth and heartiness of the approval bestowed upon bis painting. He observes that one of the critics seemed to him to be rather sharp in disputing the accuracy of his ecclesiastical costumes. Mr. Long upholds their fidelity, having painted from robes manu- factured especially for the purposes of his picture at a Dominican Convent. Some of those hard-worked merchants who are obliged to spend their evenings in town for a week or so before a mail departure manage, I observe, to devote an hour to the opera, even on the busiest nights. And some of them say that they never Baw "The Barber" (we don't much affect Italian on 'Change) better done (that is the exact com mercial expression) than by the company at the Princess's. And 1 am disposed to agree with the most enthusiastic of the mercantile dons. It is not that the voices are of super natural quality or power, - but the thing is so lively, so sparkling, so complete, the folks act so well and so thoroughly together, that yon can't help being delighted. And some of us have heard LabUche and Sont&g.; Of course you are quite right. Nothing could more clearly demonstrate your claim to the title of gentleman than to bully the guard who in performance of his duty is bound to see your railway ticket Or, if you don't anathematise the company because it requires evidence that you have a right to be in its carriages, you can take sweet revenge by being intentionally slow and deliberate in taking out your purse and in seeking for your monthly ticket. This is an effective form of irritation, which can, of course, be repeated daily, or twice a day, and which elevates you greatly in the estimation of your fellow passengers. JSGLES. 