ACROSS THE SNOW. Hawker the older, as I said, casting one glance at the body of his son, whom he know not, and another at Captain Desborough, who was just rising from the ground after the fall, set spurs to his noble chestnut horse, and pushing through the contracted barriers of slate which closed up the southern end of the amphi theatre where they had been surprised, made for the broader and rapidly rising valley which stretched beyond. He soon reached the rocky gate, where the vast ridge of limestone alternating with the schist, and run ning north and south in high serrated ridges, was out through by a deep fissure, formed by the inner idle waters of a little creek, that in course of ages had mined away the softer portions of the rock, and made a practicable pass toward to mountains. He picked his way with difficulty through the tumbled boulders that lay in the chasm; and then there was a cool brisk wind on his forehead, and a glare in his eyes. The chill breath of the west wind from the mountain-the glare of the snow that filled up the upper end of the valley, rising in level ridges towards the sky-line. Had he been this path before ; and if he had gone it a hundred times again, he would only have cursed it for a rough desperate road, the only hope of a desperate man. Not for him to notice the thousand lessons that the Lord had spread before him in the wilderness ! not for him to notice how the vegetation changed when the limestone was passed, and the white quartz reefs began to seam the slaty sides of the valley like rivers of silver ! Not for him to see how, as he went up and on, the hardy Dicksonia still nestled in stunted tufts among the more sheltered side gullies, long after her tender sister, the queenly Alsophylla had been left behind. He only knew that he was a hunted wild beast, and that his lair was beyond the snow. The creek flashed pleasantly among the broken slate, full and turbid under the mid-day sun. After mid night, when its fountains are sealed again by the frosty breath of night, that creek would be reduced to a trickling rill. His horse's feet brushed through the delicato asplenium, the Venus'-hair of Australia ; the sarsaparalla still hung in scant purple tufts on the golden wattle, and the scarlet correa lurked among the broken quartz. Upwards and onwards. In front of endless cycles, over a lava stream from some crater we know not of, had burst over the slate, with fearful clang and fierce explosion, forming a broad roadway of broken basalt up to a plateau twelve hundred feet or more above us, and not so steep but that a horse might be led up it. Let us go up with him, not cursing heaven and earth, as he did, but noticing how, as we ascend, the scarlet wreaths of the Kennedia and the crimson Grevillea give place to the golden Grevillea and the red Epacris ; then comes the white Epacris, and then the grass trees, getting smaller and scantier as we go, till the little blue Gentian, blossoming boldly among the slippery crags, tells us that we have nearly reached the limits of vegetation. He turned when he reached this spot, and looked around him. To the west a broad rolling down of snow rising gradually ; to the east, a noble prospect of forest, and plain, hill and gully, with old Snowy winding on in broad bright curves to the sea. He looked over all the beauty and undeveloped wealth of Gipps' Land, which shall yet, please God, in fullness of time, be one of the brightest jewels in the Queen of England's crown, but with eyes that saw not. He turned towards the snow, and mounting his horse, which he had led up the cliff, held steadily westward. His plans were well laid. Across the mountain, north of Lake Omeo, not far from the mighty cleft in which the infant Murray spends his youth, were two huts, erected years before by some settler, and abandoned. They had been used by a gang of bush rangers, who had been attacked by the police, and dispersed. Nevertheless, they had been since inhabited by the men we know of, who landed in the boat from Van Dieman's Land, in consequence of Hawker him self having found a pass through the ranges, open for nine months in the year. So that, when the police were searching Gipp's Land for these men, they, with the exception of two or three, were snugly ensconced on the other water-shed, waiting till the storm should blow over. In these huts Hawker intended to lie by for a short time, living on such provisions as were left, until he could make his way northward on the out skirts of the settlements, and escape. There was no pursuit, he thought ; how couId there be? Who knew of this route but himself and his mates ? Hardly likely any of them would betray him. No creature was moving in the valley he had just ascended, but the sun was beginning to slope towards the west, and he must onwards. Onwards, aoross the slippery snow. At first a few tree-stems, blighted and withored, were visible right and left, proving that at some time during their exist ence, these bald downs had either a less elevation or a warmer climate than now. Then these even dissappeared, and all around was one white blinding glare. To the right, the snow-fields rolled up into the shapeless lofty mass called Mount Tambo, behind which the hill they now call Kosciusko-as some say the highest ground in the country-began to take a crimson tint from the declining sun. Far to the south, black and gaunt among the whitened hills, towered the rounded hump of Buffaloe, while the peaks of Buller and Aberdeen showed like dim blue clouds on the furthest horison, Snow, and nothing but snow. Sometimes plunging shoulder deep, into some treacherous hollow, sometime guiding the tired horse across the surface frozen over unknown depths. He had been drinking hard for some days, and, now the excitement of action had gone off, was fearfully nervous. The snow-glint had dizzied his head, too, and he began to see strange shapes forming themselves in the shads of each hollow, and start at each stumble of his horse. A swift-flying shadow upon the snow, and a rush of wings overhead. An eagle. The lordly scavenger is following him, impatient for him to drop and become prey. Soar up, old bird, and bide thy time; on yonder precipice thou shalt have good chance of a meal. Twilight, and then night, and yet the snow but half past. There is a rock in a hollow, where grow a few scanty tufts of grass which the poor horse may eat. Here he will camp, fireless foodless, and walk up and down the livelong night, for sleep might be death. Though he is not in thoroughly Alpine regions, yet still, at this time of the year, the snow is deep and the frost is keen. It were as well to keep awake. As he paced up and down beneath the sheltering rock, when night had closed in, and the frosty stars were twinkling in the cold blue firmament, strange ghosts and fancies came crowding on him thick and fast. Down the long vista of an mispent, ruined life, he saw people long since forgotten trooping up towards him. His father tottered sternly on, as with a fixed purpose before him ; his gipsy-mother, Madge, strode forward pitiless ; and poor, ruined Ellen, holding her child to her heart, joined the others and held up her withered hand as if in mockery. But then there came a face between him and all the other figures which his distempered brain had summoned, and blotted them out ; the face of a young man, bearing a strange like ness to himself ; the face of the last human creature he had seen ; the face of the boy that he had shot down among the fern. Why should this face grow before him wherever he turned, so that he could not look on rock or sky with out seeing it ? Why should it glare at him through blood-red haze when he shut his eyes to shut it out, not in sorrow, not in anger, but even as he had seen it last, expressing only terror and pain, as the lad rolled off his horse and lay a black heavy mass among the flowers ? Up and away ! anything is better than this ; let us stumble away across the snow, through the mirk night once more, rather than be driven mad by this pae boy's face. Morning, and the pale ghosts have departed. Long shadows of horse and man ore throwu before him now, as the slope dips away to toe westward, aud he knows that his journey is well nigh over. It was late in the afternoon before, having left the snow somo hours, he bogan to lead his horse down a wooded precipice, through vegetation whioh grew more luxuriant evory yard he descended. The glen, whose bottom he was trying to reach, was a black profound gulf, with perpendicular, or rather, over-hanging walls, on every side, save where he was scrambling _ down. Here indeed it was possible for a horse to keep his foot ing among the belts of trees, that, alternating with precipitous granite cliffs, formed the upper end of one of tho most tremendous glens in the world-tho Gates of the Murray. He was barely one-third of the way down this moun tain wall, when the poor tired horse lost his footing, and fell over the edge, touohing neithor tree nor stone for five hundred feet, while George Hawker was left terrified, hardly daring to peer into the dim abyss where the poor beast was gone. But it was little matter. The hut he was making for was barely four miles off now, and thero was meat, drink, and safety. Perhaps there might bo company, he hoped there might-some of the gang might have escaped. A dog would be somo sort of friend. Any thing Booner than such another night as last night. His pistols were gone with the saddle, and he was unarmed. He reached the base of the cliff in safety, and forced his way through the tangled scrub that fringed the infant river, towards tho lower end of tho pass. Here the granite walls, overhanging, bend for ward above to meet ono another, almost forming an arch, the height of which, from tho rivor-bed, is com puted to bo nearly, if not quite, three thousand foet. Through this awful gato ho forced his way, overawed ¿nd utterly dispirited, and reached the gully where his refuge lay, just as the sun was setting. There was a slight track, partly formed by stray cat tle, which led up to it ; and casting his eyes upon this, he saw the marks of a horse's feet. "Someone of the gang got homo before me," he said. " I'm right glad of that, anything better than such another night." He turned a sharp angle in the path, just where it ran round an abrupt cliff. Ho saw a horseman within ten yards of him with his face towards him. Captain Desborough, holding a pistol at his head. 44Surrender, George Hawker!" said Desborough. " Or, by tho living Lord ! you are a dead man." Hungry, cold, desperate, unarmed ; he saw that he was undone, and that hope was dead. The Captain had an easier prey than he had anticipated. Hawker threw up his arms, and ero he could fully appreciate his situation, ho was chained fast to Desborough's saddle, only to be loosed, he knew, by the gallows. Without a word on either side they began their terrible journoy. Desborough riding, and Hawker manacled by his right wrist to the saddle. Fully a mile was passed before the latter asked sullenly " Where are you going to take mo to night ?" "To Dickenson's," replied Desborough. "You must step out, you know. It will be for your own good, for I must get there to-night." Two or three miles further were got over, when Haw ker said abruptly " Look here Captain, I want to talk to you." "You had better not," said Desborough. "I don't want to have any communication with you, and every word you say will go against you." " Bah !" said Hawker. " I must swing. I know that. I shan't make any defence. Why, tho devils out of hell would come into court against me if I did. But I want to ask you a question or two. You haven't got the character of being a brutal fellow, like O-. It can't hurt you to answer me one or two things, and ease my mind a bit." > " God help you, unhappy man ;" said Desborough. " I will answer any question you ask." " Well, then, seo here," said Hawker, hesitating. "I want to know-I want to know first, how you got round before me ?" "Is that all?" said Desborough. "Well, I came round over Broadsaddle, and got a fresh horse at the J? firs oil's« "Ah!" said Hawker. "That young fellow I shot down when you were after mo, is he dead ?" " By this time," said Desborough. " He was just dying when I came away." " Would you mind stopping for a moment, Captain? Now tell me, who was ho ?" " Mr. Charles Hawker, son of Mrs. Hawker, of Toonarbin." Ho gave such a yell that Desborough shrunk from him appalled,-a cry as of a wounded tiger, and struggled so wildly with his handcuff that the blood poured from his wrist. Let us close this scone. Desborough told me afterwords, that that wild, fierce, despairing ory, rang in his ears for many years after wards, and would never bo forgotten till those ears wero closed with the dust of tho grave. (TO BE CONTINUED.) WYNDHAM PDBIIIO SCHOOL.-The opening of the new school-house erected at this rising little township was celebrated by si social gathering on an unusual scale last week. Many of tho visitors arrived early in the day, and the number kept on increasing till even ing, when there wore nearly 100 persons present, which is rather a large number, considering the small town ship. Tho visitors sat down to a sumptuous dinner, prepared by Mr. E. Turbot in splendid style, and judging from the satisfaction expressed by all, full justice had evidently done to it. After dinner the room was cleared for dancing, which was kept up till a late hour, when they all separated, evidently well pleased with the satisfactory manner in which every thing had passed off. The building is a neat little structure, constructed of slabs, and shingled roof, and was erected by. Mr. J. Wheeler. The debt is now cleared off ; and much credit is reflected on C. T. Stiles, Esq., J.P. (the only member of the local boord), through whose energetic exertions and liberality the building has been completed so quickly, as during the past two years the sohool has beon hold in the parlour of tho Scottish Chieftain Hotel.-Communicated. EXTRAOBDINABY SoioiDE.-A remarkable caso of suicide was discovered last evening, about 5 o'clock, in tho Survey Paddock, Eiohmond, Melbourne. At that hour tho dead body of a man found hanging from tho branch of a tree in the paddock with a rone round tho nock. The romains wero those of a man about forty years of age, 5 feet 7 inches or 5 feet 8 inches high, fair hair, inclined to curl, slender build, and dressed in a grey frieze sao, coat, bound $,with black braid, a grey ribbon under flannel, grey cotton socks, elastic- side boots, and a soft grey felt hat. In one of his pockets was found a lotter onolosed in an envelope, on which was written, "Please open this and give to tho police." Inside the envelope was a sheet of note paper, on whioh was written :-44 This is to certify my name is Arthur Hicks, of Philip Island and Schnapper Point, Mornington. I havo been drove mad by my wife. God Almighty havo mercy on my BOUI, and forgive my wife." The body was removed to the Bridge Inn, where it awaits identification and an inquest The vicinity of tho Survoy Paddock has been tho scene of many suicides by drowning ; but this is about the first instance of hanging having boen adopted rby an unfortunate determined to destroy life. Í Telegraph, 26th January. 