NEWS AND NOTES. A meeting of the members of the Loyal Liberal As sociation was held last evening, at the North Grant hotel, the president (Mr Walker) in the chair, to take into consideration the selection of a candidate for Bal- larat East, to stand against the Attorney-General in the coining election. After some preliminary squab bling Mr James, M.L.A., proposed, and Mr H. Glenny seconded, a resolution affirming the proposition that the meeting should at once proceed to the nomination of candidates. The motion was carried. Mr W. D. M'Kee proposed that Mr Fincham be a candidate. The president then explained the position in which the association stood—that it was at present in debt which must bo paid off. Mr Fincham, Mr Dyte, and himself were intended to be brought forward, and he hoped that the electors would out of the three select the man best suited to carry out the views of the association, so that no splitting of the vote should .take place. Mr W. D. M 4 Jffee wanted to know before proceeding to nominate all the candi dates, whether Mr Dyte, in the event of the vote being unfavorable to him, would retire from the contest and agree to use his best endeavors to secure the return of the candidate chosen. Mr Dyte said he wished to be candid with the meeting, and as he doubted very much whether the meeting represented fairly the general body of liberal electors, he would not be pre pared to abide by its vote. Mr Glenny said that all which could then be said was that if Mr Dyte refused to abide by the decision of the meeting, he should be considered altogether out of the running. Mr M'Kee repeated his desire that Mr Dyte should place himself inthepositionofbeingdecidedbythovoteof.themeeting. MrVale, Mr Henry Bell, and othershaving'endeavored to impress upon the minds of the candidates, Messrs Dyte and Walker, the desirability of all retiring from the contest but one, to prevent what they considered would be a signal victory for the hon. the Atfcorney ;deneralj-.Mr Dyte; again addressed tlib nleClirig and ■pointed odt thatj Whbn he fdiitid Mr'W.D. MT£ee, Who had Cccilpied a high position in the .Loyal Liberal Association, calling a meeting of Mr Fincham’s sup ■portersphe- did - not think it would-be fair-to himself to accept his .advice or to stand, in the position of being prejudiced by a vdte of the Meeting. He hid been the- representative df. Ballarat. East for years,, and had been too long connected with public matters on the liberal side to think that the present meeting was likely to be a representative in opinion of his friends. He thought it curious also that one in Mr MTCee’s position should declare as he had ; done in favor of Mr Fincham, a man who, ha believed, had lost his election on the last occasion, from no other reason than that he had refused at the outset, to, run with the Loyal Liberal chosen Candidate:. He (Mr Dyte) had not on that same Occasion the BoVal Liberal vote, blit he bad no doubt he was voted for by a large number of liberals. He then declared to the meeting in all openness and fairness that he would if not chosen, contest the election himself. Mr W. D. M‘Kee said only Mr Fincham had at present been nominated; ’ The other gentlemen had merely • nomi nated themselves, and he thought that at all events gentlemen to be nominated ought'to have nominators. Mr Walker said he always did things in an open and straightforward manner, and on this, os on any other occasion, be came fnrWatd alone. He offered himself and if they did not think he was the man to -choose, they could say- so and reject him.. Mr W. D. M’Kee said Mr Dyte was too old an election agent not to know that if they put up more than one man against the Attorney-General, he would be sure to go in at the top of the poll. He then said some had been insinuating that because Mr Dyte was the gentleman who received the telegram from Mr Walsh, as to the re-gazettement of the polioe- court at Ballarat East, he was Jriendly and in league with'Mr Walsh) but that' he had done all he could to prove to the contrary and to show that the receipt of the telegram only had to do with Mr Dyte being a strong mover in the matter of re-open ing the police-court. Mr Dyte said he had not come to the meeting to hear insinuations thrown out re garding his conduct, but all he had to say was that he had been long identified with the liberal interest, and was not likely to act dishonestly towards them. However, he must own fairly that he and Mr Robert Walsh were personal friends, and had ho held any opinions but those he did hold, he should be sorry to oppose him. Mr James called upon the Loyal Liberals to unite as Protectionists and as anti-immigratiooists to oppose the Hon. the Attor ney-General, and proposed, as a means of ending the difficulty, that a meeting of the liberals of Ballarat East bo called for next evening, at the Town-hall, for the purpose of hearing the views of the candidates, and selecting one to stand in the liberal interest. Tho motion was seconded, but after some discussion as to the nature of the admission to tho meeting, in which it was stated that tho former meeting at which the liberal candidate for Ballarat East had been chosen was almost entirely com posed of Western Loyal Liberals, Mr Glenny moved—“ That tho admission to the meeting be by ticket procured from the secretary; and that Messrs Dyte, Fincham, and Walker be considered nominated, and their opinions heard by the meeting." Mr W, D. M’Kee seconded the motion, but subsequently dis agreed with the mover as to its substance. Tho motion was withdrawn, and a motion by Mr James, M.L.A., that the meeting .be adjourned till next evening, at the same place, ' at which to select a, candidate from the names of Messrs Dyte, Fincham, and Walker was agreed to. In moving the motion Mr James said he would give Mr Dyte timo to sleep over the matter, and he thought he would then come to terms. A member present wished to know if Mr Dyte had said that he could stand without the Loyal Liberal Association, but Mr Dyte replied that he had held quite a contrary view, considering that he would have won the last election if he had had the Loyal Liberal vote: The meeting adjourned, with a vote of thauks to the Chair. Owing to the meeting of the Loyal Liberal Associa tion at the North Grant hotel not terminating with a decided result, last evening, it was not thought advisable to hold the meeting of Mr Fincham’a friends appointed for tho same place. The police v Tenison Greene, heard at the City Police-court on Thursday, was a summons case for the wilful breaking of a lamp under the verandah at the Hall of Commerce, Sturt street, at about half-past twelve on Sunday morning last. The case was con nected with the proceedings of a choice lot of irrepres sible spirits that have before been referred to. As a letter was. produced in court from Mr L. S. Christie, the owner of the smashed lamp, in which letter tho writer considered no blame attached to the person who broke the lamp, and a similar view was enters tained by Mr Christie’s Watchman—all ei-jlolice cohstablej—the case was dismissed; Mr Gaunt, P.M., holding that if it was not deemed a ground for private prosecution, the court had no business to deal with it. A man named James Carson, a sawyer, was brought to the Ballarat District Hospital on Thursday, suffer ing from an injury to the hand which ha had received at the Mount Egerton Saw-Mills. Mr James Dow, the well-known Ballarat mining speculator, died in the Melbourne Hospital on Tues day: . , This is the last day upon which objections and claims can he lodged in reference to borough and shire •lists, and this must be done in writing, at the various offices, where the lists may be seen. A rather amusing offender in the larceny line was produced on Thursday in the City Police-court dock, charged with Stealing a pair of boots from the shop of Mr Richard Benney, Ballarat East. The old fellow had been seen by a constable to take the boots from the front of Mr Benney’s shop, and place them under his swag, and the constable having overtaken him, asked him what he had done. He first stated that he had purchased the boots, and when he found how much information the constable was in possession of. changed his story, and said he had Just taken them away to fit them on, and that he would pay for them if they fitted him. It was stated in court that the prisoner when searched had only four shillings in his possession, and he was asked how he intended to pay for the goods. To that he asked what business it could be to the police or court? As he was proved to be old in iniquity, the bench in flicted a sentence of three months. ifhe Speaker of the Assembly has announced his intention to issue a writ on Saturday for the election of a member to serve In the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Ballarat Bast; The nomina tion day will likely be the 12th, and the polling day the 20th inst. Referring to the fact that the Hon. Robert Walsh had telegraphed to Ballarat East, on Wednesday, that the local police-court would he regazetted, the Herald says:—“ We understand that arrangements have been made so as to prevent any additional expenditure being incurred by the projected change. It is credit able, to t)ie Ministry that an act of justice to the people of Ballarat East will thus have been performed, while at the same time the system of economy inaugu rated by the Government will still he preserved." The Go-ahead Gold Mining Company,between Bridge and Dana streets, is proceeding with its underground work, notwithstanding it has not come to terms with the majority of the freeholders in close proximity. These freeholders might have found it worth their while to have accepted some kind of acknowledgment for permissidU gfahted td „ the compaily to work beneath their respective properties, but seeing that the company is acting in defiance of these unsatisfied interests, it is not surprising that the persons in terested intend presenting a petition at this evening’s meeting of the Ballarat East Borough Council, of which document the following is a copy:—“ To the Mayor and Councillors of theßoroughof Ballarat East. —Gentlemen, —We, the undersigned ratepayers and property-holders in the immediate neighborhood of the Go-ahead Gold Mining Company, hereby respect fully request that you will not grant permission to the said company to carry on mining operations on their present site. Our reasons for making this request are—l. Because we consider that the said company, being in such close proximity to dor properties, not many days will elapse before they will have under mined our premises, whereby they will not only injure us to a very great extent, but will also render our properties valueless fdr building purposes) for no sane person would think of erecting a building on ground which they know to be undermined. 2. Because the sludge from the said company will certainly overrun our premises and render them untenable, and, conse quently, there will be a material loss to the borough council in the matter of rates. Therefore, gentlemen, we trust that in all equity you will not suffer the properties of your petitioners and other ratepayers of this borough to be placed in such imminent danger to suit the purposes, not of the real working miner, but of a few ‘ Comer jobbers’- who, to make their object’ more popular, raise the hue and cry of working miners.—We have the honor, &e.;—Ballarat.” There is now on view in our office a map of Victoria showing in blue, alienated lauds, leased, sold, and licensed; and in pink, lands withheld froiAleasing and licensing under section 102 of the Land Act, 1869. ’ In other words the pink marks are the celebrated “zebra stripes” embracing avast quantity of land that is now mostly given up for selection. The map has been prepared in the Lands Department, and sent to us for exhibition by directions of the hon. the Chief Secretary and the hop. the’Minister pf Lands. Our Smythesdalo correspondent writea;-T-“ For the last two years a Chinese, frightfully affected with leprosy, has resided in a hut about a mile and a hall from Linton, on the Springdalloh road. The poor creature is, it.seems,fin such a dreadful state that death apparently would'be a blest relief to him from his present sufferings., '.lt 'appears that his country*, men visit him otjcasionalljr to supply him with the' heqessdriea' oi iifej . bujb.'thUt Oh Sdcli dccasidnS the visitors approach ho nearer the place than what they regard as sufficient to keep themselves out of danger; The sub-enumerator for the district, who is, it seems, the only-Europeau ..known to. .have. ..been many thing .like close proiinlity to the dnfdirtdndte ctedtUre for a ilohg time past, is stated to hate described the appear , aucepfthe wretched man as one of the most distress ing sights he ever witnessed." . It has been suggested by men practically acquainted with the working of mines that speaking tubes com municating from the plat in each level with the engine driver in the house, could be easily fixed in every shaft at a trifling expense, the tubing being made of ordinary gas piping with a trumpet-shaped mouth at the end in the engide-house. There is no doubt if such a plan Was adopted, the wants of those in each level, could be made known at once clearly and dis tinctly-to the engine-driver, and no accidents could then take place from the misunderstanding of signals, or the other numerous causes by which men are un fortunately so often seriously and even fatally injured. . With reference ■ to the desirability of keeping a lamp burning in the plats when men are at work, it may be mentioned as one instance out of many, that soma time ago a miner named Thomas Leys, while engaged sinking in the shaft of the Clunes United Company, having occasion for some oil, which was kept on on upper level, ascended to it by the cagb, aild after getting the article went to the mouth of the level and stepped out, he believed—it being quite dark—into the cage. Unfortunately, however, the cage, in con sequence of some other person above him having knocked, had been raised, and the poor'fellow was precipitated to the bottom of the shaft, 120 feet, and so dreadfully injured that after lingering a few days, he died. There is no doubt the whole system of mine signals, or rather the whole no-system, requires revi : aion, and it is eminently desirable, that, if possible, one complete and uniform system should be adopted and made imperative in all mines. The Acfe on this topic says: —“ On railways and at sea the piactice is in vogue, and men shifting from one railway to another are not in danger of causing accidents by the confu sion in their own minds os to the signals they should use. The Mining Department could well take the matter in hand, and provide for the'whole of the mines of the colony a common code of rules, the use of which would effectually prevent the recurrence of ' accidents in the same manner os that at Clunes." An “ Orange and Green ’* case of abusive and threatening language was yesterday heard at the City Police-court. It was of the usual kind, the “ Boyne Water ” figuring largely in the language complained of. The defendant, who had taken the Greeu side, was fined in the usual amount in such cases. Sum monses of this class are, we say with satisfaction, very rare. . At the last meeting of tho Clunes Borough Council, Councillor Blanchard having called attention to Mr Price, one of tho members of tho Water Commission, being about to leave Clunes, it was resolved, ou tho motion of Councillor Blanchard, seconded by Coun cillor Thomas, “ That the town-clerk write to tho Chief Secretary and again draw his attention to the present constitution of the Water-Supply Commission, and request that a change (which will givo tho borough adequate representation ou that commission) bo immediately made; and to point out that the gen tleman appointed to represent tho town is now leaving the locality.” Stephen Sutherland and George Watson were charged, at the City Police-court, on Thursday, with burglary at tho hotel of Mr Benjamin Clarke, Sturt street, on tho night of 16 th June. Watson was dis charged, and Sutherland committed for trial at the next Circuit Court. The want of an additional letter-carrier at Clunes is becoming each day more painfully evident to the resi dents within tho borough) from tho impossibility of • answering perhaps most important letters by return of post—the mail closing at 2 p.m.—owing to the late hour at which letters are delivered. No one man however active or indefatigable, is able to deliver the letters over the whole area covered by the scattered township of Clunes, within the time necessary. Tho borough council is therefore determined, if possible, to obtain the services of another letter-carrier from the Government, and has instructed the town-clerk to write to the Postmaster, and also to the representatives of the district on tho subject. A country subscriber wishes to know whose duty it is to clean and sweep out the common-schools—tho teacher’s or tho committee’s ? Perhaps some reader can satisfy our questioner. Mr Mansell, inspector of fire- risks for the National Fire Office, is now in Ballarat, and will probably aliordy a Tuib to - fcLo olionte o£ tUo oißoo lio represents: Of Mr Walsh, the Atfc saysi—“ After the experience we have had of successive Attorney-Generals, it would be rash to speculate on the success of Mr Walsh as the chief legal adviser of tho Government. But there is always hope for au untried man, and we are better pleased to find Mr Walsh in office than we would have been if some who had been tried and found wanting had been preferred to him. His training, and his experience in mining courts, may be of more service to him than that' peculiarly useless (in a par liamentary sense) kind of legal lore the possession of which constitutes cleverness in nisi prim practice. Without forming any great expectations Of his per* formances, we may point out that the fact of his forming one of a Ministry of action will afford him opportunities of distinguishing himself, and as he is credited with the possession of very fair abilities, he is, with ordinary industry, not likely to be such a con spicuous failure as some of his predecessors.” J The borough council of Clunes Having resolved to | have a conference at an early date with the represen tatives of the shires of Creswick and Talbot, and the borough of Creswick, relative to the formation of a weights and measures union, circulars on the subject have been sent to the bodies interested, requesting each to send one delegate to the conference. His Honor Judge Cope will enter upon his duties as Judge of the County Court, Melbourne, from the Bth inst. The Hon. Mr Lougmore, accompanied by the Fn gineer-in-Ghief, left Melbourne on Wednesday for Sandhurst, for the purpose of examining the Railway Reserve, with a view to framing a set of regulations under which parties will be allowed to mine on the reserve. Complaints being continually made by the resi dents at Clunes, and its vicinity, of the very great in convenience caused by the want of a resident Clerk of Petty Sessioils at Clunes—a district containing up wards of 6000 persons—the borough cOilheil, at the last meeting, instructed the town- clerk to write to the Minister of Justice, requesting him to appoint a resi dent officer, and also to the representatives of the dis trict, requesting them to support the application. The fortnightly meeting of the Smythesdale Me chanics’ Institute committee was held in the institute reading-room on Wednesday evening, Mr L. Holleson < (president) in the chair. A telegram from the Under secretary was read, asking for particulars of the list of donations to the institute, though a copy of the list had, the secretary stated, been previously fur nished. It was decided that another copy of the list be furnished. Accounts amounting to £i 6s 6d were passed for payment. A sub- committee, consisting of the president, and Messrs Keith, Clapperton, Craig, and Corinaldi, was appointed to draw up the annual report. Messrs Clegg and Rankin, who had been appointed to assist the secretary in stock-taking, intimated that their work was scarcely yet completed,- and that the total number of books missing from the catalogue amounted to about 143. The secretary intimated that this included all the loss that had taken place since the establish ment of the institute; besides, a number of those) he knew, would be returned. The names of a few of the missing books were read over, and it was regarded as a very suggestive fact that the books in question were mostly all choice works, such as would be likely to have been taken out of the library by the better educated class of readers, A proposition was made that certain serials be discontinued and others pro cured in their stead; but m view of the annual meeting being so near, it was thought best to leave the matter in the hands of the new committee. It was decided that the library be re-opened on Monday morning. This concluded the business of the com mittee, and it was then proposed that a meeting of members of the Smythesdale Athletic. Club be held; but on consideration it was thought best to postpone the matter for the present, and hold the club’s first meeting of the season immediately after' the annual meeting of the institute, on the same evening. We have received from Thomas Lang and Cos. a copy of their extensive catalogue of plants for the season; and, from the publisher, Mr Geo. Robertson, Melbourne, a copy of a valuable pamphlet with an introduction by Mr Thomas Lang, entitled “The Maje tin versus Apple Blight) ” This is an essay by Mr W. H. Treen, F.R.H.S., on the natural history of the Aphis lanigera or American blight, and goes to show that the Majetin apple being capable of resisting all attacks of tbe parasite, .it is the fittest variety of apple to be adopted as a stock upon which to graft, other apples. Our local correspondent writes:—“For some time, past strange stories have been related of au apparition said to be seen in an uninhabited house at Burnt Bridge. Some of our spirited young men at Lai Lai boldly volunteered to ascertain the truth of .the exist, ence of the ghost by seeking an interview. Having 'secured a Crimean veteran, Charlie Baird, for them; leader, a squad of twelve paid a nocturnal visit to the scene, distant' about five miles. At intervals the spectre made its appearance as was its wont f enveloped in white and carried a light that shone with uncom mon brilliancy; and from the house issued a noise like that produced by wheeling a barrow up and down a stain-'i My informant, the leader of the adventurous patty/states that he was completely paralysed from rfhai lie sarf—Kii! leg* trffflfcled and his hair stood on end; . So convinced is he that all he saw and heard was unearthly, that; to use his own words, he would rather face a charged mitrailleuse in the hands of an enemy than enter the chamber in which the spectre was seen:’'TTieaf that two deaths under-peculiax circuinstances—one a case of self-deatriiCtion took place in the hadrited building, and that the bodies are interted in 4he field lidjoining;”. - Mr Munro, of Alfredton, who Has often taken prizes for his agricultural machines, has just manufactured a boring machine for Mr Nicholson, of Melbourne, I he machine is to be delivered in Melbourne for £7O, and Mr Munro says that a similar machine would cost_ at least £l2O if imported. If so, here is surely a capital instance of Id≪ industry; skill, and economy. We visited Mr Munro’s little manufactory bn Thursday and saw the machine, which is adapted to both from 1 inch to 2 feet diameters. , The bed of the machine measures 6 x 2i feet, and the movable bridge, which is sdppOltfcd by two turned columns 3 feet high, allows I any size wheels or oilier things to be fixed for boring. The bed weighs 6 cwt., and was fast tied planed at Walker’s Union Foundry, but the other Vro'rS; Sato the castings, was all done by Munro. The bore had self-acting feed gear, and is geared single and double as a lathe. A somewhat similar machine is used in the shop at Alfredton, and also a small one, both made on the spot: Mr Munro has also a self-acting screw cut ting lathe, blit this \iSs Imported; The machinery in the shop is driven by a little 4£-inbli cylinder engine, made on the premises by Mr Munro, whd mSdb a similar one for Mr Symons, the butcher. Last year 15 reaping-machines were turned out at the Altredton works, and this year’Mr Munro intends to manufac ture doable that number. The Herald believes that circulars have been issued from the Treasury to government depart ments, directing that their estimates of expenditure for the ensuing financial year be carefully scruti nised, with a view to economising the finances of the country. Wo have received a copy of Mr T._ Comb's “ General Trade Circular of Victoria.” It is to be published once a week, and is likely to pfdvo fery useful in commercial circles. The rush of land selectors since the famous pre nunciaments of the new Ministry with reference to the “ zebra stripes ” (observes Wednesday’s Ovens Spec tator ) has been something tremendous in this part of tho colony: A regular flight of selectors started from all points, chielly towards the Upper Murray; where some of the choicest lands were under the stripes. Aud here wo have a story to relate, which shows that while some foreigners to these parts are anxious to peg out lots, tho natives are quite as anxious to pre vent. Ono can only get to tho Upper Murray either by crossing tho river at Albury, and recrossing it higher up, or by crossing tho Mitta Mitta. The nearest point for this purpose in at Lindsay’s Bethauga Station, and as tho river is up, if anything went wrong here, tho invaders would have to go all the way round by Lynch’s point, entailing an additional dis tance over an indifferent rdad of over forty miles. Tho people on the other side, therefore, devised a very clover system of at least delayiug the invaders. They hitched on several teams of bullocks to tho town punt, aud drew it high and dry far into the bush, to tho utter discomfiture and dismay of a hordo of in tending selectors. Forward, however, was the word, and the disappointed army started up stream to' Lynch’s point, on the plea of better late than never. It remains to bo seen whether that punt also had been taken from its native element. But “where there is a will there is a way,” and it is not oven a rapid river can stop a man consuming with earth hunger. A report of St. John's Presbyterian Church bazaar, opened last evening in the Alfred Hall,'will be found in another column. It will bo continued this evening. Wo often get' snow late in July here in Ballarat, but we see by the Launceston Examiner that snow has already fallen in Tasmania. The Examiner says the weather has been cold and wet, and was so dark last Sunday that gas had to be lighted at morning service iu some of the churches. The first number of the Oddfellow, and therefore an odd number of course, has just reached us. It is published at Launceston, Tasmania, aud is odd also in coming out with a supplement, and a pictorial one, showiug tho Oddfellows’ Hall erected in Sydney. We gather from the Oddfellow that itis issued in the interests of the M. U., that the order has been established in Tasmania about thirty years, that there are fifteen lodges in the island, aud thatlast Monday the district meeting was to consider the propriety of advancing £IOOO for the purchase of a hall. Tuesday’s Launceston Examiner, however, has no report of the meeting. In another column will ho round out-report'or a banquet given to Mr Wm. Clarke, M.L.A., at Bunin yong, on Thursday night Says Thursday evening’s Herald-. —“ Messrs G. V. Smith and W. Witt, M’s.P., had an interview this morning with the hon. the Minister of Railways, touching the third section of the North-Eastern Rail way. Mr Longmore was informed that an impression had got abroad that the Government proposed making a considerable alteration iu the construction of the third section of the North-Eastern Railway, and to substitute iron for steel rails, add that fears were en tertained that this portion of the line would be far inferior to the first and second portions. Mr Longmore said that no material change was contemplated. The question of iron rails Was under consideration, and also the construction of minor culverts with red gum, in lieu of masonry; but the report of the Engiaeer-in- Chief would be received on tins matter before any thing was done. They might rest satisfied that no material change whatever would he made, although he might mention that a saving of £25,000 would be effected on the third section of the line, by the use of , 72-lb iron rails, which were considered the beat now I in use in Victoria.” A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will be held this morning in the Mining Board Room, Camp street, Ballarat. John King Waite, the absconding postmaster and schoolmaster, of Sutton Grange, has been arrested and committed for trial at Castlemaine, charged with con cealing add destroying a letter from the Board of Edu cation: His case is not unlike that of Leonard, late schoolmaster at Dry Diggings. As a contribution to our colonial knowledge of the various kinds of rifles which-are at the present time competing for adoption by the military authorities, Air J. W. Rosier, of 66 Elizabeth street, has imported a Westley Richards patent rifle, which is regarded by many' as the most formidable competitor of the Martini-Henry, and by some as the superior weapon. The rifle much resembles the Martini-Henry in ex-* ternal appearance and general construction, and differs only in the lock aud slightly in the breech loading arrangement: The Herald-. —“ We have authority for stating that all the reports which have been put in circulation re lative to the appointment of Postmaster-General being offered to gentlemen whose names have either been mentioned or indicated, have been nothing more than pure flights of fancy; and furthermore, we are in a position to state that there has never been any in tention to fill up the appointment, the duties of which will be undertaken by the hon. the Chief Secre tary,” In addition to the numerous sins of omission and commission charged in the indictment against the late Ministry, one more has to be added (remarks the Age), and that is, it is their fault that Victoria makes so sorry a show at the International Exhibition now open iu London. ’ New South Wales neither be grudged money nor trouble so that she might be well represented by her products and manufactures. Vic toria is nowhere in the competition with the sister colony. The result will be that New South Wales will be regarded as the premier colony, and Victoria will lose caste. What makes the matter worse is that an abundance of exhibits could have been obtained which were sent to the Sydney Exhibition, and plenty would have been forthcoming. Victoria might easily have distanced New South Wales, instead of being left in the lurch. Whether it was from an un wise economy or from sheer indifference as to how Victoria was represented at the exhibition is not known. Whatever was the cause, the fact that the colony is so completely overshadowed by New South Wales is a disgrace to those who could have prevented such being the case. Now that we know our humi liating position, it behoves our rulers to take steps so that at the series of international exhibitions to be held in London, the resources, products, and growth of the colony shall be fully manifested. The Geelong Advertiser lias the following estimate of the newly-appointed Attorney- General:—“He has large professional experience, and occupies a high posi tion amidst those who have shared with him the ex tensive and lucrative practice which Ballarat till recently afforded. Judging Mr Walsh by the past, he may be considered a valuable addition to the ministerial team, and-we anticipate for him a highly successful career as a Minister. The important and intricate mining suits of Ballarat meant hard work, and tho best exercise of the best faculties of the men engaged in them, and Mr Walsh has gone through this valuable training. His presence in the Cabinet is of very great importance at a time when bills dealing with mining law are about to be introduced into ;tha House. He will bring to bear on this subject the great and valuable experience he has accumulated, and it is questionable, therefore, whether,Mr Duffy and his colleagues could have selected an Attomey- more likely to render valuable services to the State.” " : Imtffediatelyjoutside the boundaries of the town of Geelong (says the Advertiser) tfie effects of the stimulus id Settlement ott tbo paste lands of the colony, occasioned by the advent of MT Grantto ha former position at the head of the Ismds Department, may be witnessed* All aloil£ this coast line, l/eyopn. the Botanical Gardens, between the road to Point Henry and the sea beach, the low swam'py flat is studded with pegs labelled with applications for blocks trf ten and a do&n; acres. To what use the applicants intend to apply the land, unless for the extraction <j{ salt or the cultivation of seaweed, it is impossible to tViinVj fnr during winter it is a morass, and in summer it possesses an arid appearance, anything hut calcu lated to allure A regular raid is said to have' been made within the past feW days on the 'Various reserves’at Kensington and' Portarlingtcm, Applicants were engaged busily on : Sunday, especially during the evening, pegging out vacant areas situated between the Drysdale ’and QueensclifT roads, only a few miles from Geelong; but they afterwards learned to their dismay that posts inserted before nine a.m. on Monday were not legal, and that the land they desired to secure was not open to selection. It is satisfactory, however, to find that the new Minister of Lands has go much confidence to selectors that every avail able 1 patch of -land id the surrounding districts is being eagerly applied for. ■ Mr Brown, the government geologist, Western Australia, has returned from an exploration, north of Champion Bay; the, primary object of his sdal-ch was gold, which'has not yet been found in payable quanti ties, blit the .country he traversed shows indications of gold sUfdcienfc to encourage the careful prospecting of many localities. Concerning the lend and copper mines of the Champion Bay district, the goVarnraeiit geologist is able to give a very favorable opinion.- Mr L. L. Smith, M.L.A, who was instrumental iti obtaining sites from the Crown for the purpose of the Cld Colonists’' and Decayed Actors’_ Associations some time baoh, whited upon the Minister of Lauds oil Wednesday, with the view of asking his permission for the appointment of trustees in whom to vest the land. Mr Grant placed no difficulty iu the way, abd the requisite steps to confirm the associations title to the ground will be taken without delay. The ship Highflyer, one of Messrs Green's famous Blackwall line of clippers (says the Perth Inquirer ) is loading with jarrah railway sleepers in Gages’ roads for India with all the despatch appliances available will permit of. Besides a large number of horses, she will take about 15,000 sleepers, supplied by Messrs Mason, Bird, and Cos., and every care is being exercised that node but sound timber passes into the ship’s tackles. This firm, pending a reply from the Colonial Office as to a concession asked for in consideration of laying down a railway to the port, are about to construct a tramway to the Darling Range to meet their present requirements consequent on tha receipt of large orders for jarrah sleepers and other timber, from India and the neighboring colonies. Ellen Douglas (says IMDaylesford Mercury), the woman who lately summoned a married man for the maintenance of five children, that she had borne while living in adultery for many years, but failed to obtam au order, has added to her other society, that of deserting her offspring. On a Uesclay the whole of these poor little creatures were brought up at the police-court, the oldest being a boy of thir teen, and the youngest a baby of fourteen months. Mary Ann Wright deposed that the unnatural mother last week asked her to take caro of the children fa l a abort time, while she went out, and had never re turned. The bench decided to apprentice the oldest boy to a trade, and send the rest of the unfortunates to the Geelong Industrial School for seven years. It is to be hoped the abandoned and cruel mother will be arrested and punished as she deserves. This evening at the Theatre Royal the “ Lancashire Lass ” will be produced for the last time hut one. As this is in addition the “ fashionable night,” we may hope to see a better attendance, in the dress circle than has honored that part of the house since the theatre has been re-opened. 