VlCe vjipslanub Ltimcs. " EXticLSiOi." TUESDAY, SEPTE.MOER cI. iS71. THE news brought by the Suez mail, althoughl lilppily not quite so sensational in its charnactr is that of last week by way of Califoruiia, is yet of sufficient imsporta nce to cause anxiety to loyal Englishlmcn in every part of the world. Her Majesty the Queen, upon whom the cares of State have certainly pressed somewhat severely since the death of the lamented Prince Consort, was reported to be suffering from slight indisposition early in August, This appears to have developed into illness in little more than a week; the next reports, however, repro sented her Majesty to ble getting better, but hy the 4th of the pre sent month,her complaint, whatever it was, would seem to have taken an unlfavoundiLlo turn, aind the Queen's state of health at that date was regarded with sinoe appre hension by the nation. It is of course iumpossihlo to con jecture what news the next mail may bring, nor would it be right to speculateupon a painful contingency that we all hope may yet, in the designs of providence, be far dist ant. IIer Majesty Queen VICToRIA, has won the respect, mnt less than than the loyal affection, of her subjects, more than any other sovereign of the British throne; as d for this, aind umany other rea sons, it may well be doubted if a new reign would be calculated to bring increased prosperity to the people of the United Kin(gdom. Lot us leave the subject for the present, in the hope that the un favourable intelligence which this mail has brought may not oe re peated; but that the next may record the welcomeo news that all cause for anxiety concerning the welfaro and happiness of our beloved sovereign has been removed; and that in tlhe good providence of the great King of Kings she is yet spared to wield the sceptre over that freest of all earthly sovereign ties upon which the sun never sets the Empire of Great Britain. That the fearful scourge of Asia tic cholera has already appeared in Europe is unfortunately true. Once touching the continent, its presence across the channel may be expected as a certainty. From England it would probably be conveyed to America, and then the danger of the dire epidemic reaching these shores would be imminent. In the bare possibility of such a fearful visita tion, it is not an hour too soon for us to be putting our house in order and preparing to meet it, and if possible to check its progress by. those sanitary measures which the past experience of older countries has shown to be effectual. All vessels arriving from foreign and colonial ports will doubtless be carefully overhauled by the health authorities ; and the government will probably call upon the local corporations throughout the coun try to enforce the provisions of the Public Health Act, with increased vigilance. THERE is a second side to the case of alleged hardship as put forward by certain would-be selectors at the last meeting of the Salo local land board. A number of well-to-do settlers, not a few of them known to be land-holders in fee simple, had coveted the well- watered common age pasture of the farmers of Bun dalaguah, and thereupon they re solved, if possible, to possess it. Accordingly a number of applica tions for the desired area were lodged with Mr District Surveyor DAwsoN; and that oflicer, unwilling to throw impediments in the way of selectors, stretched a point to receive the. documents, though if he had acted strictly within the tenor of his instructions, he would hare re quired each applicant to produce a surveyor's plan of his proposed allotment, thus putting thim to the expense of the survey fees. When the applications came to be considered by the local board, they were opposed, and in our judgment very properly so, by the Avon Shire Council as holders of the common ago irco in trust for the benefit of the farmers of B3undalagunh. T'le Council's solicitor presented their objection to thie alienation of any portion of the farmers' common as fhirly as could be wished-simply on its merits. After hearing the case for the applicants, the district surveyor "intimated the opinion of the board to be that it wasn unde sirableo to have the commion select ed," and time police magistrate sail, " the note to Ibe sent to the Board of Land and Works was to the cffelct that it was considlered desir ailo to rere the comnmnon, as it was unlit blir settlheinlet." In the .Age newselpter of the 23rdn instant, " JFre Ac!e-tor," dut ing hIis letter fromn Sale, altogether misrepresents the action of the hocal land Board witl rearz'd to the claims of those seeking to cut up the common, and attributes nmotives to the members of the board which have never been even hinted here. That 1 ,ru',l appointed under 31i' Gn.rx"''s own L:ud l,,sulations, \was c,' 'Imposedl of the l])itrict Suir veyor, the Polico iMa ,trite, and the 1'residents of the cAvon andl Rl,sedule Shire Councils. The only one of the ;our who has any interest at all in s uatting 'property is Mr. W. 1. KIN(, the president of the Rosedale Shire, and a dist:nt neighbour; two are Government ollicers, who certainly haive never befbre been accused of any leaniin to squatter interests at local land boards; and the limrth is Mr LioYo, president of the Avon Shire, a well known storekeeper at Stratfird, who also is whiolly unconnected with squatting pursuits. Yet this board is described by " Free Selector" as " composed of a squatter and frie?nds to the class," and he mis-representspublic opinion here as "shrewdly surmising" that these four gentlemen have " bowed to the influence exerted by the Avon Shire Council." That there wais no such surmnlise we cal posi tively assert; and we nmay also state, for tlle information of our contemporary, that the Avon Shire Shire Coumcil board does not num Lbe a solitL'y squatter among its miembers. The object of "Free Selector's" letter is to make it appear that the Giipplshand public feel aggrieved at tilhe ihilure of himself and his friends (some of whom are of the vcery class for which lie professses an almost religious horror " large ' landholders and cattle dealers") to obt:.ain possession of tihe rich tl \- luvial flats, comprising tie un L flooded area of tile Bundalaguiah 1 Farmers' Common. We are quite sure, however, that this is. not the Scase; and we confidently record the assertion spite of the "monster \- petition," that, according to this 9 veracious correspondent of the Age, \- has been sent to the hon. the Minister of Lands, against the 1 reservation of the common. The a fact is, the prime movers in this 1 attempted rape of the common are 1 just the very class of settlers for whom liberal land acts were not t intended. They are men, not per r haps, of substantial wealth, but \- landed proprietors in more tlhnn \- ordinarily good circumnstanices, who, like AIrAn of old, 'coveting their -neighbours' possessions, are con 1 sumied by an insatiable desire to oladd field to field ; and so resort to almost any means to attain their 1 end, not caring though they starve t the small holder out of existence. If the Minister of Lands desires a to know what, tile public of Gipps s land think of these repeated at a tempts to deprive our hard-working \- farming population of their coinm imnonage areas, let him discard 1 "monster petitions," gotup byspecu lating lahind sharks at so much per r name, and test the questions by re mitting it to the local corporations 3 for report. If. he does not then dis I cover that our people are very 1 nearly unanimous in a desire to save these valuable pasture lands r for the benefit of the bond fide t settler, then our past eff'orts to save 1 the commons, spite of their success, \- had no object, and our reiterated protests no meaning. Unless it can I he shown that these commonage reserves actually impede settlement, and until (anticipating say an entire century) we can say the commons I comprise the only remaining agri 3 cultural land unalienatedl, we main I tain it would be a wanton breach of ) faith on the part of any government I to deprive an industrious population I of a very material part of the bargain under which they became lessees or purchasers under the Crown. Before the coveted lands are alienated,anotlier little circumstance should not be overlooked. The portions of the Bundalaguah far mers' common not exposed to in undation by flood are valuable' alluvial soil, and hundreds of acres in the immediate neighbourhood have realised at government anuc tion as much as £i5 icr acre. If therefore the lands are to be parted with, they surely need not be sacrificed esplcia?lly in these days of a failing land revenue. So if thlrown open at all, in the in terests of all concerned, they should be disposed of under the hammer at public auction. Then if happily "Free Selectors'" fear should be roalised, and tIle coveted areas fill into thIe hands of "large land hloldlers," those fortunate individuals would have to pay for them at somo thing like their fiir value. We remind our readlers that a ten meeting at Clydoelbank, to cellehrto the opening of a now \Vealynnaa Clhurch at that place, cmca offt this oveninifa. A nunmber of visitors from Sala aul othelr places hlave alreadly inti mated an intention to he lresent, and it in hIiped that a goodly amuster of peopile will givro rlat to the Ilrecilling. . The church at Clyldelhnk was onlly projectled a few llnlhllls ejilCe, and non the lllneiy lien lreien hltaind cnrd thilo lilhllng itself c"melletedl in a very shlirt timeo, all the encouragemiant that ean Ie given t,, tlhoromoiters should I', chelurfully adcorderrl. Th neiw ediiic was Olpeed for Divthr worship en Sunday laut, the olpeing serviccsa being condulcted Iy tihe eov, MI .Daviea, rcenatly aplointqdl to this circuit. There was a very full attenrlane and we are glad to hear that altogether church matters in the thriving farm district of t'lydelauk have a cheering appearance. In a charaeteristic letter on the suljectof S-Sluitism," printed in a Ilechworurth jour. nal, Ir. Ietaunr says :-" I toll you unasio cxil:ails all the itmy:sries, thw ever Cxtrava. ;Plit they may alsilpar to your poor eyes, of slirituaesnm, and of a few other thin~, clyaally int1,a'tin ; adl I um(reiver tell yeo that a (ma1icia( is residing in your Very milst, whl will one of theser days make a fer, Sof you dantc to his Z:nhrlllate, ouly to csu. Svince you of the reality of his science. What imtrrl, ished, atrophied tloains these poor Cr.okes, Coxes, Dr. llu;_iuses, etc., must bhav not to Ie able to lint out the mysteries of the erganis:u.tion of Mr D. 1I. llmoe Thry ought to be ashamtlcd of the llattering but talso appellations, as applied to them, of omen of scienece, and especially doctors. The best doctors in all human history have been magieians.-frours, etc., C. W. ItolstoE, 31.1)., M. (agil) 1). (octor). P.S.-Thr head. less spectro I saw on Suuday night, 27th August, owas, I antl now credibly informed, the ghost of John M'Callutm, a portion of whoac skull is still iu my possessiio, and which he is Supolscd to have comei to claim from mn a rt last.--C. IW . I Our Walhalla contemporary, on the 2nd instant, had a paragraph relating to the ap. peal case the If'thiatlla Comolany against MJulcahly and IllralnhryU, atutitig that thlq appeal, which it will be rsuemberr d wees carried before tIh Judicial Conmuittee of th Privy Council, had beren " dismissed with costs," • This little itae, of news was said to have been delivdI from "'a private telegram frOum Lend.e," dated 2thi July. Our sensational neigibomur of thi gnldtleihll " hoped to receivoe fill reports bIy next (that is the p)resent) mail." Lest these important despatches by any untoward accident should not ?iedt their way to Ilis editorial table, wer beg to snpplecment his private telegram from _ London, which, however, we can scarcely believe, had reached his hands at the date t stated. The circumstance that the 3 latest news by thae .Nubeia, to haIi onsly this morning, cnntradicts the item a published by the Chronicle may be dis r appointing to our contemporary ; but having a eemo direct from thui Loadon alicitrs ftor tile company it has, at Ieast, the merit of being reliable. It is as follows :--" Decre e completely in our favor." 'This hears out p tie intelligence to hand by the formeor mnil S(lwhile judgment was pcndSig)frSom MrJ. D. 1Vood, who nrguie thel case for thl respon dmlts Mulcahy and party, that he felt sure the company would win the appeal. As will be seenl by our adve ttsing coluumns a beautiful little Sumatra aony car ble seen at lMr Jones', Wiea-de-lock, where it will re main for the season. A i oeid otf such toys in Ihorsellesh would bie huiled with dIlihbt r by our rising youthst. This little creature is \- a model of symmetry and perfect inu evry ) point. S 'The following contracts are gerettilt is t' aerptei :--Completion if casonitreat orw,.rr I towards formation of ntlw eetralneo to the Gippsland I.ael.s; l.tSS3. JoIt, CIrprlter. .I Ctuil -ioll of ,ontrtlect flr rolllorvi.g Irs at Sthe Giver l.a Trobte; 'LS0, Juhn hg!is. \- These ate charged against thu vote for 1871.2. T'is following are out down as arrere against the vote for 1570 :--W,,sIa tbwards , formation of new entrance to lh5i1s, balanco of contract L373:, Johnll Crpuenter ; resohval of Latroue river iar, balance of conitreilt. r Lio; J. Iglis; luoaey ward at tl hlspitasl, \- Sale,halanco of uontract, L74 1l, L. Jenson. S Portion of allotmncut 31, parish of \VWk \- VWult, and lportion of allotment A, parish of ) Coongulueratng, are gazetted as revolted Sefrom being withheld frou leasing and licen a sing. C On the expiration of a month from the 3 22nd instant, it is intended to grant the I, undermentioned mining leases.--J. Keleher, 1 The Du)o of Magenta Quartz Mlining Co., SDounelly'a Creek; J. L. I. Ilanekar, p Southern Cross Quartz Jlining Co., Upper Dargo. C In the Le.rgislative Assembly on Thurslay Mr P. L. Smyth intimated that on the next day of meeting lhe would move, that a select committee be applointed to inquire into the case of Alexander Gray, for compensation for lease 103 Stringoer' Creek, Beeehworth, ani other leases ; such committco to consist tof Mhr Stewart, Mr Bnrrswres, Mlr James, Mr Patterson, Mr W. Clarke, Mr Beut, Mr 3 Mason, Mr Phillips, and the mover, with I power to call for gcrsons and papers, three to form a quorrm. I The following are the daily readings of tha 3 barometer as recorded by MrHl. J. IIerlcrto Sof Foster-street, for thie weekl ending 215th September :-191h, 30.12; 20th, 30.12; 21st, 20.21; 22nd, 29.85; 23rd, :30.l5 ith, 29.85; 25th, 29.00. Tie weather on the 19th, 20th, I1st, 222nd was nnked .by con 1tinSous rain ; the 23rd was ineu ; the 1Ith showery, anrd the 25th lilo. It will be observed that notwithstanding the tetn pestuIou weather the baromettor does not show' so low as might have been expected. Veo observe that the authorities, having taken into consideration the inconveniencu of not having telegraphlic commutication on Sundays, hIvo umade provision for sending messages on those days, untler restrictions, andt tht following notification has ben issued on the subtiject :--" Telegrams relating to s sickness or dleath, or to thle arrival or dopar I ture of friends 1by land or stn, nand press tele \- grams, droppedl into tie rceiving box at the Splaces named below, on Ssunday, up to Ihalf t art 9 p.m., with fee enclostd, will tle sent to asy of tlhU ntndcrmontisoned oflices the santo stilgt :--Melbourne, IBallarat, Deech Sworthl, ]Itelfanst, Castlcemnio, ]TEchuicn, 1co long, Maryboroughl, Portlantd, Queenscliffe, Sandlunrsrt, Wnirrnamnool. Miltinium rato of ehargesa-l'rivate tmessages ntt exceding 28 wordsn. 2 lid : do evcry aldiiottd word, ld; prenss nernsagcs tsot exceediIg 58 rrels, -2 i;d; do every ulditionltI word, .di." It will 1Ie aec fromr thle nlabove thI:t whlile Iplaces liho Wsarrnashlo.ll1 inl 'orrtlanr sreI to hava the benlolit of tie now regtulatisn, siale, and indeed tslt ipsl,land, is ignored. The sooner rour riprasentativu is rcquestctdl to hays this singilar omisiia n corrcttesd tl e totter, as it is invidis in the extlrme that ouir district sirul noit re ceive the lbenefit iof tlo niw ar ransgesmest, when placesi of niucht less ibpor. tance receive favorable con~i eration, tnnry clebrations bid fair to become £rmania', the latest suggestion being that preparations should be set about for cels. brating the hundredth birthday of Thomas Moore. We are far from saying that it ,houll not le celebrated, hut think as the event is eight years distant that the propo sition is rather premature. If this sort of thing is to be carried much further, we may not deslair of a grand fete being got up in t;ippsland to celebrate ou-well, modesty t frbidsl us to go further. We nnderstad that two men have in the shortspace of time of three smnths, securedl nld prepared for market a fewt hnudrled ?agaroo skins. Prices vary in Mdlbourno, d but for rough dried rloins from 15s to 4;is the dnzcn can easily I'e obtained. Ihere is a fell for the unoemployed by which they od Cl ' keep the pot boiling" till something 1 better turned tp ; and while beneliting theioselves he doing the owners of runs good service. They need scarcely be toldl that there is no lack of camet, and we can see no reason why nactie expert hanoids should not make a very good thing of ystelnatio kangaer'o bunting. As if to give somen faint excuse for the retention of the toll on the Latrobe, the losedlanl Shire Council has at last naccepted an tifTer to have the road friom tlle river to Longfod iput in repair-Mr Flitt'o tendler of .18 10s having been nccepted. We have not heard of ally horses having had their legs broken by going through the rotten planking of Longford briidge, nlthongh there have been lullmeroue s narrow escapes, but b sclh may happen before the large slim of LIt 10s is expndled. It tr will he curious or to see what aeuntet ef solid repair can e be effected for the sum mientionled. We must coofess to alittle surprise that the Couincil canoet see what a farce it is enneting, for li times i sthe amounlit would not put the road in decent ornder. True enough, if lily one can do anything with such all aount it is Mr Flint, as he lives almost on the greuled. But it is altogctler inadelquate, and can in noi way stand as a valid reason ei fir the iotention o of the ostructivo nuinance 'b in the shape of a " pilko" on the bridge. tr At the last meeting of the losedalo Shlire r Council the question of abllihing the toll ct at the l,atrnhi wnls dliaisesed, when threo i tmenlbel voted fur the lolitinr. and three jo against, the President giving his casting voto d against the abolition. The latter, in anting d so, may thinik he has done a wise, proper, sad politio thing, Iht we venture to say that every indivildual who lilts uifortu. nately had to travel from Sale to the Hill Top twill consider he has beetn iu strumecatal ill imintainiug a itigulnarly die. graceful and ohloxiious imposition. Why travellers shouldl be subjected to an intoleor it able tax for acing the tiany dangers of the i det.tablo l'iuntt Lani is to us inenompre- tI hlvenrible. If it could be discovered that anly f good crned to th rad y hai the road ty liraluthis toll i there iruIIl hI, lless cnie for grumbhliig, but c nhen instead it is yearly obecoming 'o worse and wrorea , the exaotion comes to be o sin?lly tyraenied l; and 'oet the gatle payy for punctually cotglh the lease forwaretla his rouent to the Avon Shire Counteil. So it ; follows thatlnthu rent, anl, prelit no doubt, of the "lpile," int ake from thile p)ekUot of t thIis whoe, fren neeCeity, have to riesk their \ necks, ani tho livie andu lims of tlheir horses o anlld attle i gettintg to anlt frol it. It is to be IreutIIncd tile l'rce.ident of the lisedaleo t ihire nIil the thleo redoubtaIble members i who vo' cl for the retention of the hateful impost r0e no', frt'qountly in the habit of passing that way--chari'y incliaens unto hope at all ovetts that they are not. . 'IThe severe weather to which we have o been subjected funr thi lest week, threatening 0 anotllher visitation of floods and their con. cotiitanto, loss and incovenience, has been n it succecded Iy clear skies. We trust that a the worst of the wint.tr is over, antd that the 'I roads any dry up and become plasable, so as to eIuable pcoplo to get to town and so promote buititess, rwhich is slack. Theo country looks splendidly in all directions, m giving promiso, unless rust ortake-all makes C its appearante, of a plentif harvest. t We have soren, at Mr Gerrard'e in York j s street, a sample of gent sanll, from the it diamond fields of Southl Africa, he hlas had t forwarded to him. It is composed almost s entirely of mlinuto particles of precious t stones, and when seen by the aid of a power. C ful glass the mass has a very brilliant ap pearance. If such hoe the natur of the sandl in those regions, we are not astonished at , people eagerly engaging in the search for precious stones, and that they are occas e sionally rewarded by valuable finds. This I sand, awe should imagine, would be valuable I for polishing to the lapidary, as it consists, t as stated, of minute fragnments of the hardest t gemt stones used for that purpose. The following mining leases are declared 1 void :-Oippsland District-Crooked River t Division. Lease No. 17, W. Liglhthound, near Good Ilope Creek. Lease No. 50, S. 1 Selater and another; north-west of Union I Spur. Lease No. 57, A. T. Dombicki ; east t side of Dargo River. Lease No. 131, C. S. Ilolne; Wonnngatta River. Lease No. 195, C. S. heolmo; Upper Dargo. Russell's Creek Diviaion.-Lease No. 1i0, R. Prout; Crossover Creek. A sharp trick has been played at Camp bell's Creek. A man named Johln James presented himself at a flourmill, and said he was a farmer, from Sheelwnash, and had 3000 bushele of wheat for salo, but wanted bags. The sample of wheat was prodluced, and 150 logs obligingly handedl over to the wheat vendor. who straightway sold them to a lime merchant. Flax-dressing has declinedl so greatly in Auckland that tihe looma manufacture of ma' chines for tile lurposo has oeased. The Chiltern paper, tile tFederal ,staodard, has an article on political mnatters thant would he very severe if one could ibut tell what it meant. After an allusion to the posnilility of MIr Derry havnug " a spark of gratitude in his pentagraplhic comporitiln," it says : " Thalnt the hion. the Treasurer shlould have a mortal down on the bloated aristocrats who distrihnta soup tickets to natures' curled dnrliles from tie collntora of banks andtl tlhe sanctum of a shoddly aristocraey, is just natural and accordinig to the eterntal litlona of things." " ly iany troth, calhtain, these are bitter wordI." A mangistrate ensiuring soon loys for loitering in the street, nehkl:"TIf svery. iodyl was to staunld in the straet, how could pay bed4 gel slaog I" 