ISMIaraa Cinips. WALIrAROO : WEDNESDAY, SEPT-: 27. Members of the Government must by this'time be perfectly well aware of the nature of the farce they are playing the leading characters in, respecting Land X<aw Reform. They cannot pretend that the proceedings in the House last week were creditable either to themselves, the Parliament, or the colony. To describe these proceedings as childish, would be to pay them an undeserved compliment. Greater absurdities have not been and could-not be perpetrated in the shallow est and most igndtant debating society in the world. The question really at issue was whether all land good, bad, or indif ferent should be put up for general scramble at -one uniform price; and, against the G-overnment, private members .ofvthe House succeeded in establishing as a principle that the national estate shall not be frittered ,away exactly in that, fa shion. Hon: members, thinking strongly on tM^-point, can scarcely be blamed for resorting to any and every form of Par liamentary tactics they know of, to pre vent what they believe to be a very mis chievous clause of the proposed Act be coming law. Very possibly, whilst doing this, proceedings might not be character ised by the utmost smoothness and regu larity ; but what are we to say of the Government, that by proceeding with a Bill which more than one of the Minis ters would gladly see in the waste paper basket, court defeat and practically check all useful legislation,—in fact, become leaders of the farce being played? The Commissioner of Crown Lands, nominally leader of the House, is allowing affairs to dkift into a general muddle. The House was counted out over the Government Koad Bill; it was seven times on the point" of "being counted out whilst the South Eastern Railway Billj also introduced by" the Government, was being discussed ; and an utterly • incoherent clause was grafted on to the Land Bill in place of a vital one. To say that the Government is rendering itself contemptible, implies very little; but most persons have, we should hope, sufficient respect for the institutions of their country to desire that responsible Government should not be dragged through the mire by a Ministry which seems to have lost its own respect and that of other people also. The Mini stry of the day is clearly responsible for the waste of time and the idiotic exhibi tions of the past week. Much discussion of the subject has succeeded in indoctrinating a number of members of the Uouse with some princi ple on which all correct and equitable land legislation must be based; These principles are at utter variance with the claptrap cf the earnest minded politicians to whom members of the Government were delighted to pander and truckle to, thereby trusting to keep their seats and, their, salaries., One of these principles is that in alienating the national estate some regard must be shewn that its real value is .received. The principle the Govern ment sought to establish was, that all land should be offered at one price, whe ther it vtfas not worth half that amount or was worth double—as sane an one as if a jeweller should offer gold, silver, and cop per watches all at one price. Then the Government pretended, in opposition to common sense, that the receipt of ter^ annual instalments of 2s each, was equi valent to a cash transaction for £1. Now, we presume, no one would ajbtempt to palm such a fiction upon the House. Mr Duffield plainly says that the Government price in reality does not amount to more than lis per acre, and so said several hon. members. A third vicious principle, which of course found favor with the -Govern ment was-one compelling residence, thus rendering the Bill of no use to farmers in South Australia who would wish to extend their holdings. If the Government prin ciple should be carried out to its logical conclusion, it .would be found to mean that farmers having'2,000 acres, of whom j there areq many in the colony, ought to waste capital by building four houses, and then live in each one at the same■ time. It would mean that a farmer who had built a house and acquired the free-: hold of one section, should build another house if he should wish to farm a second (Section. The absurd notion of such a regulation and restriction.has been made j manifest during the debates that have taken place, and the House now refuses to have the compulsory Residence Clause in the Bill. Hon. members, we are bound to confess, have introduced more common sense into the Bill than might have been anticipated; and the Government, respon sible in the first place for instigating folly^ by continuing to favor it, is making the proceedings of the House but little more intelligible than a blackfellows' corro beree. Supposing either the proposed Bill to be carried or the present Act to remain in force, there remains to be seen whether the selectors will fulfil the conditions of their agreements, and4 whether the Gov ernment can deal with the dummyism which such Acts tend to foster. Already in the South-East we have had a sample of how the Government will fare if it attempts to bring the selectors to book by the law. Practically the dummy has won the first deal, and the Government has been worsted—as it. usually is when it goes to l&w.; ' Now, -inquirers are in- ; formed with a mysterious significance that the Government intends to deal with J dummyism. How?—we should very much like to know. Catching a dummy will, we suspect, turn out somewhat similarly j to that process known as catching a tar tar. At any rate dummyism is very defi-1 ant, very confident, and very flourishing. It is understood that in one of the north ern areas one well-known capitalist, not usually in the habit of making foolish investments, has twenty dummies,; for each of which a square mile has been selected. He will cultivate as mqcji of I this land as he chooses, and the G-overn ment will, we suspect, leave hiin to his own devices. Notwithstanding the strenuous oppo sition of the two members for the district, the House of Assembly, in its wisdom, has resolved upon the construction of the Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte Rail way. This is, we consider, the most sin gular instance that has yet occurred in connection with the history of railroad construction in a new country. The in habitants of the district do not want it; the country generally "believes that-its construction will be the most useless ex penditure of public money that has.yet taken place even in this colony, wtiere millions have literally been fooled aisfay ; it is condemned by most portions of the press; the fioad Board has offered to construct a road equal to all the require ments of traffic for many years yet to come, for one-sixth of the cost of the Railway; the members of the Govern ment opposed the proposed railway as much as auyone when they were out of office; no one. in fact, wants the railway excepting a few members of the present rarnament; and these very members ot Parliament only the other day were de claiming most vigorously in favor of eco nomy, whilst n.o*v they propose to saddle the country with a large and utterly use less increased expenditure. Under such strange circumstances can it be believed that there are not occult influeiSeiB at work in favor of this railway? (Can we forget what we have both seen and read respecting another proposed railway in this colony? It is impossible to target these—to believe that simply the wants and requirements of the handful of Nar racoorte selectors can have alone had sufficient motive power to force such a Bill through its second reading. We do not imagine that it will be of. the slightest use, under the circumstances, recapitulating any of the incontrovertible arguments that may be urged against the proposed waste—:worse than waste—of the public money. But there are one or two facts in connection with the line that shoald be prominently kept before the public, in order that the matter may be thoroughly understood. The most casual reference to the map must shew that "only counties Kobe and Macdonnell can be benefited by a railway from Narra coorte to Lacepede Bay. The total num ber of. acres under wheat crop last season in the two oounties was 4363\. The total number of inhabi tants men, women, and children, in the two counties, is but, according to the recent census returns, 3186. Are we not justified in asking what possible profit can be expected on a railway made under such circumstances? How is^t possible that there can be traffic for it for many years to come ? The total wheat produce of the two counties last season was 38j867. bshls. Supposing that the inhabitants re quired none of this for their owncons∓ tion, anditshoul dalLpass down the line,-by running one train per diem it could all be conveyed to the seaside in less than a fortnight. How then could this possibly' pay even a fractional part of the working expenses of the line? Then, again, the port that the railway is to run to is one that can never be a great entrepot of commerce. To reach a vessel drawing but twelve feet of water, a jetty two miles long would be needed. Nor is this all. The coast is rapidly rising on that line, .so much so that where fifty years ago •there were ten fathoms of water in Laqe pede Bay, now there are but six. Long before there can be, under the most favorable circumstances, any traffic k>f importance on the line, a large part ?of Lacepede Bay will be nothing wit;, & swamp. "When these facts, all supplied from official sources, are remembered, the conclusion seems to us irresistibie that there must be an argument in favor of -the railway that is kept in the back ground. There must be some very power ful argument which is not suffered to meet the public eye. The Port Wakefield line has been al most unanimously condemned as a waste of public money, made at the instance of the junior member for Stanley, and brought about by his genius for log-roll ing. But the Port Wakefield railway has a magnificent prospect before it, and was justified by the existing trade, in comparison with this Lacepede Bay rail-' way. The Hoyleton railway does run into the very heart of the district of Stanley, in which there were last year no less than 86,951 acres under wheat. It brought down last year, be sides 292^ .tons of flour, 387,968 bushels of wheat-^ten times as many as the whole counties of Robe and Alacdonnell ; annually grow. Surely such statistics 1 ought to have the effect of making ht>n. members pause befbte they give their votes for the third reading of this Bail- . Toad Bill. Should they vote for it, and their constituents not call them to ac- ; ■count for their: proceedings4, there must ' be a very great deal of ignorance throug out the country respecting the subjeot. But if the Government should succeed in carrying the Bill through the House we do not believe the Railway will be made. Members of the Upper House will not be so blind to the interests of the colony as to give their approval to so senseless a measure. They know that the line, from a sand pit on one side to, as we have seen, a nearly uninhabited un cultivated region on the other, passes through a large tract of as bad land as there is to be found in the whole colony of South Australia—land which not even that enthusiast about the " best agricul tural land," the jun. member for Grumer acha would assert to be fitted for farming purposes. Now, as on- other occasions, we can look' to the Upper House to con serve the real interests of the colony against the machinations of the patriots in the Lower Chamber. We would direct attention to an advertisement convening a meeting of the Committee of the Wallaroo Institute, to-morrow evening, when im* portant business will be taken into consideration > It is currently reported that there is a proba bility of Simpson's J31ack Diamond liner, the Kadina, now lying at.Fort Wallaroo, being orders ed to Port Augusta to load with wool for Eng land. We "have also heard jt said that this is possibly with a view to Captain Blaqclie bringing out a new vessel. It will be seen by our advertising columns that the Kadina Amateur Dramatic Society, will re peat the entertainment on Thursday evening, ^iven with so much success last week. A meeting of the Yorke'e Peninsula Annual Begatta Committee took place last Friday even? ing, at the Cornucopia Hotel, when some busi ness of a formal nature was transacted. After this the Committe adjourned for a month. .As will be seen by advertisement the Foley Troupe havp arrived, and will give their first en? tertainment at Kadina, on Saturday first, at the Oddfellows' Hall. • The nomination of candidates for the Legisla tive Council, took place on Monday, when the names of eight gentlemen were received ; Messrs T, Elder, W. Storrie, W. Everard, P. Santo, D. Fisher, W. Burford, S. Raphael, and J. K. Pennpy. The Kev. W, Wilson delivered liis interesting and instructive lecture on " Ancient Egypt," in the Independent Church, Green's Plains, on Monday evening, Sept. -25, to a respectable au dience. The lecture was delivered under the aus pices of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, at Green's Plains. The usual votes of thanks were given and responded to, after which the meeting separated. We notice that at an electoral meeting held $t Norwood last week, our old friend, Mr Joseph Skelton, announced that he was willing to become a candidate if paid £200 or £25Q per annum after election. The meeting did not" seem to see" this, so Mr Skelton announced that he retired. After this one gentleman said he did not believe in Mr Skelton, and if he did " he ought to be down at the Lunatic Asylum." Mr C. E. Fox wished to know whether the candidates would sapport a Bill making " it a fineable offence to murder the Queen's English in the House. His reason for asking the question was that two or three of the candidates who had addressed them that evening had spoken of the " Quse." . If Mr Fox will urge> that candidates for both Houses .should pass an examination in the elements of ■ an English Education we will support him. The Clare Institute Committee seems to be composed of gentlemen who have been Banguine to contract for the erection of an Institute whilst, as far as the outside public can discern, they have . not the wherewithal to pay the piper. Says the Argus " it was resolved to give the contract to Messrs Bowl^y, Lewis, and Rodgers, their tender —£637—being the lowest of several which were sent in. The building fund at present amounts —with the Government grant of £250—to about £400. It has been raised from concerts and other entertainments, which have been well patro nised by the Clare public, and from public sub scriptions." From this it will be seen that the Committee is not at present in a position^o claim the Government grant. The foundation stone of the new building was laid on Monday, the 18th inst., by the Mayor of Clare, A. Young, Esq., Worshipful Master of the Clare Lodge of free and accepted Masons, attended by the brethren of the ^craft in full, regalia. The Irish Harp challenges our statement that its columns have been the " receptacle of the wil dest and most rabid utterances of Fenian follj." In making this challenge oui contemporary does not quote us quite fairly. Our paragraph dis tinctlj implied that the Harp had, by " opening its columns to " made them a receptacle of," as aforesaid. We are' not in a position to instance any occasion when our contemporary's columns have been polluted in the manner alluded to, as it is not reasonable to expect us to treasure such trash i and if we were, we should not sully our columns by reprinting it; but we emphatically assert that no more insane Fenian. ravings were ever penned or published than has been contribut ed in doggrel rhyme to the Harp. We have been astonished that the Editor of the Harp, who we have' always considered filled his own leading columns with articles written in a gentlemanly and scholarly fashion, should have allowed such rubbish to appear in .print. But the sore point with the Harp 16, evidently, our remark that tlie Bishop's conduct was " really very ungrateful.'1 : We are, however, unable to acquiesce in the im plication of our contemporary that these wild ut terances alluded to must, therefore, have " eit.be/ emanated from His Lordship, or were inserted with his sanction and concurrence." The proba. bility is, we consider, that they were as much dis ipproved of by His Lordship as by ourselves, and their insertion may have had something to do with our contemporary finding itpelf under an ecclesiastical ban. A machinist 'in the colony, who, if we recollect rightly, was recently an insolvent, advertises in the daily papers to persons owing him money, asking tlieui " to pay for the sake of their own personal benefit, as they will shortly have to die j. and as they cannot depart in true peace with God and a preparedness for a better world whde a debt which they might pay remainB unpaid, for the sake of their eternal happiness he would nrge them not to allow their debts any longer to remain registered against them." Why such an appeal should not have been made privately is probably only to be explained by some knowledge of the character of the advertiser. Among recent contributions must be noted, as worthy of special remark, some magnificent spe cimens-of red oxide with included lumps of native copper, from the Gloncurry cogper mine lately brought down by Mr E. Henry and presented by him to the museum. Theso specimens are mas sive and exceedingly rich and are well worth in spection. The latest and best authenticated. ghost-story is given.*by a correspondent of the Darling Downs Gazette :—Mr Michael Doyle informs us that be* ing out .'possum shooting a Tew nights ago he was startled by a human appearance approaching, which in the distance, appeared of an extraordi nary size about the head and shoulders. Struck at the unearthly sight Mr Doyle stood still, when, to bis astonishment, the head and shoulders of his visitor grew gradually small until they assumed the ordinary size of a man; but loi there was a crash on the ground, and instaiiter off pegged the vision. The crash was caused by a good sized tank which the runaway thief—for no other it was—had been skedaddling with. Among the passengers by the mail steamer was Mr Jeune, one of the counsel engaged in the Tichborne case on behalf of the claimant. We believe tl»at the object of Mr Jeune's visit to the colopy is tp obtain evidence, if possible, upon one point of the cliutnant'a statement, whifeh we find reported i^ the papers received by this mail. The statement iq question, which was elicited in cross examination ^ith some difficulty and after some exhibition of reluctance, -was, that the claimant was in 1859 charged, under the name of Morgan, with horse-stealing at Castlemaine, in company with Arthur Orton: However, f)hey proved-the horses were their own, and vrere discharged, It is understood tb$t the case fpr the defence is, that that the claimant Qrton, and, therefore, the question whether it is possible now to prove this statement pf the claimant, Qnd to ascertain that two. men, one of whom was named Morgan and the other Orton, were accused of horse-stealing at the tiiqe and place mentioned, i£ most important. TUeman who is said to have'beenproseeutor in the case referred to was named Crofts or Burgess, $nd could if alive now possibly give very valuable evidence. The Hervey Bay correspondent of the" Maty-! borough Cronicle writes to that journal:—" Some of your readers may, laugh because I so frequent ly mention the peculiarities of .our Black friends, bqt others will feel quite as interested as I do,' and I 4m sure your home readers will be interest ed in hearing of these strange people. I was surprised a feyr days since at hearing a low wail ing sound proceed from a spot unoccupied by the blacks, and on sending a gin to ascertain the cause, she said, " Old blaekfellojw make him fire -where black gin been put long a yarroun—that , cawbawn cold," I looked at the plaee, and saw an old black making a fire on the grave of his daughter, who was buried a week since, as he thought it -would keep her warm—pojr old fel low—singing a death song all the time. It was truly pitiful and melancholy to behold. The Queenslandera would seem, to judge from the following table taken from a contemporary, to. have a museum rich with metallic specimens. The Gape River specimens, which are neatly arranged in groups, comprise varieties of granite, metamor-, phic echists (including mica shists and horn blende), elvanite (chiefly felstones and feldspar porphyries). It is observed that where these tra verse the metamorphic schists mineralisation has taken place, and that payable reefs and the richer alluvial deposits are only found in contiguity with these intersections. There is also a specimen of wood opal (white). From Mount Davenport, Upper Cape, &c.;, all in the same district) ire hare specimens of auriferous quartz, one being a sur face stone from Union reefj Mount Davenport There are also specimens of pyrites and galena in auriferous quartz, and quartz stained with copper The Ravens wood collection embraces varieties of granite, chiefly hornblendic; clay ironstone and | ferruginous castings of reefs copper ores associ ated with, iron specimens of galena from Plum tree Camp and elsewhere; lead ore, with visible gold, from the Cheshire reef; gold in ironstone and ferruginous quartz from Fish Creek j good specimens of white marble; and several speci mens of fibrous or spider-legged gold in ferrugin ous earth &c.;, placed in the -case allotted to the Gilbert River district for theeake of the light. The town correspondent of the Kapunda Her ald supplies the following amusing account of the famous Land'Bill debate in the Assembly last week :—" And yet when Mr Bouoaut (who. has ' hitherto supported the uniform price) rose and avowed that he had discovered the oompacture at which he could discreetly turn his coat and vote against the Government, there was a general feel ing that some unholy alliance had been effected, and that the Government would have to struggle against treachery—which, if not unexpected, wae very embarrassing. No sooner had Mr Boucaut honestly gone over to the Opposition side (with which naturally enough his sympathies ran), thau he was constituted—or constituted himself— * guide, philosopher, and friend for all high-price men—weaklings and sferonglings.. He seated him self under the gallery, and like that estimable character. Absalom, caught one after the other by the sleeve and tried his best wiles to win their hearts. Sometimes, two or three attended his levee together; but as a rule he had but one by his -side, into whose ears, J doubt not, he sought insidiously to introduce the notion that he was the man for the situation, After an hour had been spent thus—Mr Mann on behalf of the Go vernment, Mr Boucaut on behalf of the Opposi tion, being engaged in beating up supporters—it was discovered success or defeat depended upon | the vote of Mr Wentzel, who under the guise of I profound sagacity conceals a most provoking in stability. Whether by spontaneous inspiration, or by the subtle prompting of the Opposition, the hon.'member at last made up his mind to move an amendment embodying his pettheoiy of a classi fication of lands by the G-overnment. The amend* ment was confidently submitted to the Board of advice' under the gallery, and approved, and the joyful member hurried back to his seat to give the House the benefit of his solution to the difficulty. But the eyeofhis nest neighbour {Ebenezer Ward)'-, was on him, and ho earnestly pleaded with him not to be led astray by the specious representations of men who wanted to get his support in striking out the Government clause in order t*» betray him afterwards. By-and-by some members of the - Opposition were attracted to the.Bpot, and a fierce fight was waged for possession of die hon. member's vote. But self-love prevailed, and Mr Wentzel, as soon as lie got the chance, proposed his amendment. Thereupon Mr Ward committed the grave tactical mistake of publicly denouncing • the Opposition manoeuvres—a mistake because his ^ speech involved a- severe reflection. upOnthe Judgment and common sense ofthe member whose support was of. importance to his side. As he proceeded wi$h hisinvcctive the Teutonicblood of the Wentzel rose, and leaping to nisfdetthe * member for Encounter Bay seemed disposed to exact inBtant satisfaction. Bnt he thought better of it, and subsided—Ebenezer continuing .his harangue without a pause. After he had* con cluded, Mr Boucaut rose and taunted him with, a. want of independence, broadly hinting that he was a more minion of the Attorney-G-eneral, and possessed no political opinions to which" he could afford to adhere. These speeches naturally had - an inflammatory effect upon the House, and for an hour or two the time was''occupied in re proaches and recriniinations. . By-and-by1 the dividing time came. With the aid of Mr Went zel's vote the Government clause was demolished, and then Mr Wentzel became master of the situa tion." The Mercury says.:—But one Step divides the aboriginals of Tasmania from becoming anextinct race, the: sole representative of the original inhabi tants of this island being the old womag, Jjallah Itookh. She is a Healthy woman supposed to be about sixty-five, years of age, and resides at Oyster Cove with Mr and Mrs Dandgridge, with whom she lias lived for the last sixteen years. In her. day she was a woman of no mean attractions | in the eyes of the natives, no fewer than four of whom became successively the partners, ot her j joys and 'sorrows. King, Alpha, Eing Alphonso," Woolreddy,a physician, King Billy have passed away, and as she is &st; approaching the allotted three score jears and -ten, the probabilities are that the time is not fer distant wbeu ehe will " shuffle off this mortal coil," andjher racewill exist only in memory. The Philadelphia correspondent ofthe Times 'says ;-r—" With reference to taxation, a Very signi ficant document has recently been published by the New England' shoe manufecturers/a bdunti fully protected class, cooapJaining that it prevents, their competing with foreign ^mjetnakers,;^ and. arguing if a way that leans decidedly towards, free trade in boots Mid «hoes." As an exajmpl& also of how protection presses upon American, manufacturers, it may be mentioiiBd that the large sewing-machine makers. Singer- and."Co.,. were completely- driven oat of-Americaby the high .ppce.of iron castings. «nd other work con nected with their busin&s;, Tfe^*ei»oo^^ene4 in self defence to remove their workstoScotiandi. and theycan now makesewing-machinfiscbeaper by £3 10s each than they could in America Sewing-machines formerly- sold at £12. - IQsSara now sold in Australia at £$. « • / ; . Sats the Argus :—" TIub is really too back Here are the protected interests in Ameribft actually protesting against protection! T? Tf*hi« sort of thing continues to go an we shall hqr© Captain. Cole reading a recantation of his heresies on his-own wliarf^ and Mr Graham Beriydoin]* penence in a white sheet inVihemiddle Market-square at Geelong. Wehave before us a document issued in June "last, and signed' by no* less Jtban 400 firms engaged in the xnann&c;£uro of boots and shoes in MasschUBetis and New Haven, and directed to call the attention-*>f trh& public to the feet that IheAinerican tanfF-:-ihafc model arrangement, that fiscal paragon of excel lence, that exemplar of financial wisdom-—" has retarded the natural vigorous growth of American industries." But "worse remains behind. " We have repeatedly declared that American manu factures have flourished, not because^ but in spite cf protection. Now mark what theoe 400 declare : —" Whatever measure of prosperity these indus tries have attained has been in spite of an adverse and depressing system of taction, and is due to the intelligence, skill, and industry of our people. These have enabled them to triumph over both natural and artificial difficulties." Aa regards the protective duty on leather, they state that, " from the earliest periods of our hisjxny Ameri cans have enjoyed such advantages in the ,manu~ facture of leather as have enabled them to under sell all competing nations." So*that there, as here, neither th& breeders of stock northefell mongers required say protection urn hides. Their again, our local sages are perpetually telling us that protective duties do not raise prices, ket us - hear, however, what the American boot and shoe manufacturers have to say on this point. The combined taxes upon all articles forming the materials of their industry yield the Government a revenue of only 3,500,OOOdol., while they impose on the manufacturers of boots and shoes a tax of 18,000,000., which as these protestcnts very cor rectly remark, " must eventually be paid by the wearers of these necessary articles." The direct consequence of these protective taxes is—they go on so say—" such an increase in the cost of our products is preventing our competing with the boot and Bhoe manufacturers of other countries j'' and thus " a system of tariff taxation professedly framed to foster and encourage American indus try, expels it from America and increases the wealth of other nations." Accordingly they ap peal to Congress and to public opinion to assist in its " overthrow." The system, you see, stands self-condemned ■ in the very country in which it \- has received the fullest and fairest trial, and in which its failure is unqualified and ignomi nious." The Argus says :—" Our Indian visitor has suggested an arriusing hypothesis for the failure of the CoHban and other water schemes. He says everything depends on a thoroughly enlight ened public opinion. And if this be wanting, the " most serious complications must certainly result as a very little reflection trill show that a highly trained conscientious officer, who does notchooBe io field his opinions on insufficient grounds to a popular ciy,has every chancc of being overborne in tiie long rjjn by writers in the public press3 .who may be" insufficiently acquainted with the subject, treated of." Does Colonel Sankey mean that a conscientious and highly-trained Mr Christopher n >n was overborne by writers (like myself) insufficiently acquainted, &c.; ? Sighting for my. • own hand, like Sal o* the Wynd, X,venture to say. without egotism, that most of the blunders in connection with the waterworks (exposed after the events by Colonel Sankey) I have denounced either as designed* or whilstthey were in process jof perpetration. M"or of late-years has therejbeen 'much difference of oplnionvin the public journals as to the inevitable failure now verified. With. out'any personal ilUwill to the chief-engineer of water' supply, denunciation has been, to myself and others, a work of painful iteration. Pertinaci , -oUs hostility has been , construed -as arising from unworthy motives! In support of his viev about »^misleadingpress, Colonel Sankey quotes its advocacy of the Grand "Victoria North-western Canal. Be points out some of the absurdities of the proposals, and says that "unlesB the public miad jbe.bettor enlightened by the press, there is butecani hope for any thoroughly-qualified officer ' getting his-opinions accepted." THE 'auriferouB attractions of the northern goldfieldB (saystbe Daily Herald) are beginning to have a perceptible efiect upon the residents of this town. Hitherto the rumors of '" .splendid reefs," only, awaiting the advent , of crushing machines to realise fortunes for the lucky posses* . sors, hare been received with some degree of -doubt or only regarded as being of interept to people in the immediate neighborhood. But •doling- the last few days letters have been received in Dalby from persons who left here somemonths ago to try there lack at Bavens wood," and . the description therein contained ofj • theamount of jmoney absolutely knocking about! and the fortunes to be amaseed has had a sort of galvanising effect ftpon some of our residents—at least jthose of ds who bare for a very long time founeLit hard to get* living, and whose energies haTO beem direcfeS to providing almost mere food \- and raiment for their, families.- The assurance \- that .men are prosperous &t; Bavenswood and that , .«t that remoteplace there is at least a chance of f^ttingoutofthe dead level of chronic impecanio *ity that prevails here, has imparted to the vis-, . ages<jif aportion*ofour townspeople sotnethirig of. jthe^Mgrniees- andi-eeolution observable at the .time oftheGrympie meh thieejears since. Seve ralpersonshave already taken their departure for ^Brisbane to start northward by the nextsteamer, and we hear, of many others preparing to follows r-, . " . .Another semantic incident in colonial life has just occuired. Theparldeshave been residents in ' 4nar- BQuth-weetera interior. The Wagga Advertiser of ihe. 36tb says.:-—The Tichborne «ase isnstyetvdecided, when -another,' and this dime* veritable heir to a 'fortune, though not on c[uite 8o ia.^ge afecale, turns up—and, better Btill, _at once takes" a wile Unto Himself from the daogh ...ifiia 4iibe ian<^ and settles, down in the district. l S^h&-^loddy fortunateindividual isaiuan ofgood; or ' been " knocking - about" 'itustralm for eome years, leadingfor the mcmt'part anoma . die sortoTiifeas afetoclcman. He. Was engaged -j»a boundatyfiider at a . station in the neighbour -liaedfrlKD the news reached him ?by the last 4Rfjn-&a;£hy thedeath -of his father, a retired CJoloneVof Hussirs/he vhad cbraeiiito a fortune «f £6000, and that£1000 .had been forwarded to the Sank of 3Tew South "Wales.to take him home. The lucky man at once came into Wagga, and took up his quaffcere at the Commercial, -where he *'■ cbarapsgned it " for a week, fell in love with-the <diambermajdj proposed, was' accepted, and on Satarday last married.5 This happy pair .started at once &r;^Alfi^dtown to spend their honeymoon at Jtc^rfa^mTortable hotel, and the bridegroom trae so farmed with his quarters that on Mon day^heprojiosed for the-house, bought it, and : as-jnow installed as the landlord of the Prince jU&eSjEoJel; Bather rapid' work.-all .this for. about a fortnight, but then, what cannot money A' correspondent sends, &> the .Ballarat Star £he , follpwing jPeople seem Ho be puzzling them, selves abont the Tichborne case, and some have writtenvolumes about the man in'the iron mask; ' but perhaps the following account of an aSair that iiappened to flie in BaHarat in the year 1855 or 1856, njay not only be. interesting to yourself and the readers ofyour journal, but also the means of clearing upwhat > has always appeared to xne to be >ery dark, auspicious, and perplexing. When a laid of about eight or nine years of age, I was attending St. Paul's School, on Bakery Hill. On returning home one day, I Baw:what appeared to • beaboxatthebofctonTof a hole which, was sunk, I think, on, or veg^near the present site of the Sallarat Eastern j|tation. I mentioned to my father what I hadfeen, but, like most parents, he "disregarded whatl^aid, accounting it only child's ] prattle.; .1, howe ve^pyiilged my secret to one of | my school-fellows, ^ we determined to get a rope andpiill our treasure up, bdth of us think-, ing it was merelyag^^e,but little suspecting .jrhat' it fen^ oiit to^R We both went'to look for s roppj'ljrit Oiappfpr to find one first ; this rope had^n i^n- ho^| at the end of it. No ' soonerhad I lowered it into > the hole, than two miners came by, who.^sked what I was doing, and took the rope oulfoiF my hands. Immedia tely they pnllecLap an irogTbox, or, more properlj . speaking, a box with an in|i| oral lid and tin sides. j \- Onthe fastening was the name in raised letters, " W.Hiqis, Leeds," the maker's ifame, I imagine. In pulliiig this up, the hook on the rope made a -hole through the tin near the fastening. Inside -ofthis boxwere.tdme books. These men then descended the hole, and soo^i they ^ent to the sur \- face about fifteen ortweniy, perhaps more, booksj and last, though not least, a bag containing a _ great jmmber of sovereigns—how many I cannot tell—as these two mean fellpwsdid -not act ^fairly with the plunder, as they parried off books and <; sovereigns, leaving me in sole possession of the box, which my father has att^ns moment. I may • mentaon that to the' best of. my recollection, the books were mostly teachers'; |»ut in this X may be mistaken. IThe bag which contained the sovereigns, and which was fflll, was about the size of a pint jug. Should eithgj of the miners read . this who thus treated me so |purvily, I would beg of hiin to write his version q{ the affair, and send half his booty to the Ballarat Hospital. I may also state that I think-the box was advertised in the Ballarat papers by my father in order to find an owner for it, but of this I am not certain, aB I 1 have not had an opportunity of asking him." Ok Tuesday, at the Wallaroo Police Court, be fore Mr J. B. Shepherdson, S.M., a woman named 3£oe, alias Smith, was charged by P. C. McQuillan with being in an onBound state of mind, and with attempting self-destruction. -It appeared from the evidence' of Mr Naughton, of the Wallaroo Mines, that she had attempted to poison herself by taking laudanum, and Dr Sholl's evidence left no doubt that she was unfitted to have charge of herself j so she was ordered to be forwarded to the Lunatic Asylum, Adelaide. A telegram from Captain Warren reports that red oxide mixed with malleable copper, is being found in considerable quantities in the Hamley Mine. The town correspondent of the Kapunda Herald writes of the impending elections:—" The voice of the country has made itself heard upon the iherits of the candidates for the Council vacan cies—if indeed the utterance of a city public meet ing can be regarded as the country's voice. Briefly ' summed up, the utterance means that the candi dates who do not choose to appear before their would^be constituents when forty persons declare by requisition their will that they should so ap pear,' are not yortby to have their claims enter tained- There was. no distinct resolution to that effect, but a courageous citizen who put the ques tion to the test by proposing Mr Elder (who was not present) found himself standing alone. The utterance further means that of the four gentle men who appeared before the electors those most deserving of support are Messrs. Storrieand Bur ford ; that next to them stands Mr Santo; and that far behind, beyond the distance- post, comes that spirited racer, Sammy Raphael. Of course, judging from the past, there's no saying what .eccentricities qf voting the ballot-box may exhibit. A franchise that can return men like some I could name in the Council must be esteemed capable of ! any vagary^ There is no reason why Sammy Bap hael should despair, when men wliose modest ob jection to be paraded before the public I respect have found a safe passage into the chamber where ripenedwisdom lores to hold its court, and where the turmoil of party strife is seldom known. Only fancy Sammy's shrill treble wakening the echoes in that slumberous hall, and defying the amiable efforts of the presiding senator to bring him to silenco! I had intended moralizing over the profound silence preserved by Mr William Erer ard, but finding that he lias issued his address to the electors, I abandon that purpose. Mr T. -Elder contemplates wooing the sweet voices of the multitude, but he objects to meeting the great unwashed at public meetings, and is appealing jbo the constituencies through the agency of requi sitions and-smart canvassers. Sammy Raphael goes on the principle of attending public meetings and " getting his sentiments published on the cheap;.and so also Mr Santo., Messrs. Storrie and Bnrford are the only two who have boldly advertised themselves. - Mr Storrie's chance is veiy bright; Mr Burford's equally so in'Adelaide. It was beautiful to see the harmony that reigned over the city meeting to which I have alluded. The Mayor had thoughtfully ..provided the .bur gesses with chairs, and they appreciated this "ap peal to their quieter and better nature. ' Candi dates were heard without interruption, and ques tions were put and answered without excite ment*" 