ST. LEONARDS. (From a Correspondent.) The numbers of meu, carts, waggons, machi nery, &c;, that passed during the last few weeks through our streets have alarmed the timid. ' Admiral Popoff must surely be coming,' they say ; ' else, why all these preparations ?' The military road starts from the Middle Harbour Soit road, where vou descend fcn Ttnlmnrsl Tf. is cleared a chain wide to Middle Head, George's Head, and Bradley 's Point. A great deal has yet to be done to some of it before heavy ordi nance can pass over it. It must be ballasted and metalled as it ia very sloughy in . many places. The formation of the road will be a great advan tage to our 'bus proprietors, enabling them to drive excursionists to all those unrivalled pic- nic grounds on the shores of Middle Harbour. Mr. Wall, our enterprising coach proprietor, saya it will be one of the finest drives in the ?colony. The view is picturesque, the sceuery magnificent and the air most exhilirating. Whatever may be said of the rest of the Defence Scheme — and opi nions differ widely upon its merits — the making of this road ia defensible, because it will not only answer the purposes for which it is being made but will prove a great advantage to the district' besides it affords employment not only to the Sydney ' unemployed,' but to our own laborers who were complaining of having no work to do! Our shopkeepers are also benefited by it. The opening up of that part of the district will I have no doubt, induce some wealthy citizens' to build there, making another Edgecliffe Road or Glaninire on the side of the harbour. So that we might say, ''Tib an ill wind that Wowb no body good.' Ghosts are gas, and that is not mincing the matter. North. Shore has its ghosts like other ..d destructive stor*. tiiv. jes experienced in the t.. devastating effects, passed over Lani. the afternoon of the 11th iastant. It companied by hail of an incredible size. \ of the poor settlers are ruined, while the lo. the richer ones is enormous. The orchards \ Messrs. Porter, M'Keown, and others, present a deplorable sight, looking as if the trees had been thrashed down with heavy saplings. Several fowls, dogs and cats were killed by the hail, and men exposed to its fury were cut in the hands and face. Many buildings suffered also from the storm. ? -*&—. ? ? 