The 'Week. Easthu Monday.— Fine weather, and abundant ojitior tunity for enjoyment had the effect of causing thousands t« avail themselves of the holiday All Sydney seemed to be astir at an early hour, and the usual plioes of rendezvous, previous to starting either by steamer, rail, or omnibus, were crowded at an early hour. Homebush Races took off & large nninber, the Cricket Match at the Albert Ground ma a source oi rnucn attraction, — ana cncKet in many other places was perseveringly entered upon, although occasion ally the sun's rays were very warm. As to the harbour excursions, there* seemed to be no limit to the number ? every well-known spot along the shores was occupied. Discovery of a Traveller's Swag neau Tr, Govett's Leap, Blackueath.— On Saturday, the 8th instant, as Messrs. G. M'Donnell, of the Town Hall Sydney, and J. Elisor, of Botany, were crossing a gully in the above locality, they found lying on a clcar grassy piece of land, a swag, near which was a pair of trousers made of light coloured bedford cord. The swag was neatly strapped up. On the outside was a pair of stirrup irons, inside wen several articles of clothing, a razor, brush, pair of new shoes, some tobacco, &c;\, also a small parcel of letters from which it appears that the name of the owner of the things was George Dobsworth, that he is respectably con nected, and has relatives residing in Kent, England. The articles were in a fair state of preservation, and had appa rently lain about two months where they were discovered. Near the swag were the remains of a camp fire. Whoerei camped there, however, must have been very deficient of bush experience, as much better spots could be' obtained for the purpose within a short distance of the place. Search was made for human remains, but none were fouhd. The trees are marked around the place, so that should any one have reason to visit the spot, it could be found without much difficulty. The swag and contents were taken away, and can be had by applying and giving a description, to Mr. Samuel Ensor, Blue Mountain Station, Great Western Line. District Covet Fees.— Sir James Martin laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly, on Wednesday afternoon, an amended schedule of District Court fees, which are to be charged in lieu of those laid before Parlia ment about the 14th or 15th of February last. The schedule is as follows: — Court Fees: For filing eraiy plaint, issuing summons, and other proceedings to .judg ment— in cases not exceeding £100, £1, in lieu of £1 5s. In all other cases, except those tried by consent, under section 9, of District Courts Act ef 1858, £1, in lieu ef £2. In all cases tried by consent, under section 9, of District Courts Act of 1858, £1, in lieu of £3. For every appointment to tax in cases net exceeding £5, the fee of 2s. 6d. to be omit ted. In such cases not exceeding £10, the fee of 2s. €i to be omitted. The San Francsico Mail Route.— A despatch from Wellington, New Zealand, states:— 'The Government have received a copy of the contract between Mr. Vogel and Messrs. Webb and Halliday. It is almost identical with Neilson's. It makes New Zealand practically the head-quarters of Australian steam communication with America, touching at the four ports indicated in Mr. Mac andrew's resolution. A subsidiary agreement with Hall has been made for the continuance of his line till the other com. mences.' Messrs. Cruickshank, Smart, and Co., of Auck land, have received advices from America that the first boat, the Nevada, will leave San Francisco on the 7th of April, and they are requested to provide 1000 tons of coal | They have telegraphed to their agents at Wellington thai the Vogel contract was all right. Exhibition or Industry and Art. — The third an nual exhibition of Industry and Art, in connection with the Pitt-street Congregational Sabbath School, was opened on Monday evening. The schoolroom in which i t was held was tastefully decorated with flagS, ferns, foliage, and otherwise under the supervision of Mr. A. Torning, tha beautiful banners of the school occupying a conspicuous place. Around the walls were hung a large number of oil paintings, water colour pictures, photographs, and speci mens of woolwork. Somewhat of a novelty, consists of two pieces of phonographic writing by vouths connected with the school, die penmanship being decidedly neat. In various parts of the exhibition were placed standi of wax flowers and collections of coral, as well as many curiosities trom the South Sea Islands. Among the numerous exhibits several parian figures and handsome vases are especially noticeable. Some very neat tatting and other fancy needle work attested the skill of some J™®r members of the school. A choir, consisting of tbfl young people connected with the school, contributed vocal and instrumental music to tbe other attractions ot the exhibition. The proceeds of the exhibition arising troia a small charge for admission are to be handed over to the Juvenile Mission Fund. Poisoning.— The subjoined bit of intelligence comes in such a questionable shape that the correspondent of the Queatibeyan Age, at Adaminaby, must take tw whole responsibility and credit for the contribution, n® says : — ' A week or two since a groom gave to the to®1™1? of an hotel on Monaro a bottle, the contents of wmcn1 does not appear the landlord knew the nature of, an* 11 put it amongst other bottles of cordials and spirits on shelf in the bar. Shortly after Dr. Schaefer, being , visit to the place, called at the hotel for a carai ? He was served by the barmaid, and having Ji® off the contents of his glass, he immediacy remarked that he was poisonecL To ?ott,rmgg the doctor of his supposed error and to allay hiB *eaTS' a well as to convince him that what he had taken wholesome beverage, the girl mixed some of the con' k of the bottle referred to and immediately drank the in*, ture. The symptoms of poisoning becoming more in feet in both subjects, Dr. Schaefer examined the l) ? and to his horror found that he and the girl tkj drinking prussic acid ! Fortunately the doctor Myife means at hand, was enabled promptly to ?dmiM?K w emetic to his fellow sufferer and himself, in botn with the best results, and thus averted a dreadful co quence of an inexcusable act of carelessness.' The Hulfe Gottes.— Three tons of ore _ this mine (says the Scone correspondent of tM Hunter Courier) have been sent to Newcastle, to ne by new machinery. The process is an ' amalgam* _ ^ means of molten lead ana separation afterwards* ^ been in use in America for six years with veiy mow results, so that we may expect the long defenwi ^1 promised to shareholders. The prudence exercise® ing the ore to Newcastle to test the new machine1/- ts;a mendable ; the manager has gone down to attend Ey has opened another mine one mile north ot tIU Gottee. _£tf Concert in St. Mart's Seminart.— ^ On evening the St. Mary's Christian Doctrine ConK3 ^ere gave a successful concert in St. Mary's Seminary. __ v. wbb a large audience, which filled the schoolroom teininS out. The programme was a very extensive one. f thirty ^t^' t^jj, ^ The iNfri'iKAT'.CN' or 8cKiVTruE. — 0a Wednesday evening, in conncction with the Young Men's Christian Association, an interesting and instructive lecture ws.8 de livered in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, by the Rev. John Graham, on ?' The Inspiration of the Holy Scrip tures.' There was a very large and attentive audience. The chair was occupied by the Hon. John Hay, M.L.C., who introduced the rev. lecturer with a few appropriate remarks — the proceedings having been first opened by prayer offered up by the Rev. R. Morris. The rev. lecturer began by briefly stating the nature of the important subject upon which he proposed to address them. In treating of it he should first have to invite them, to con sider in what sense it was that the Holy Scriptures were inspired ; secondly, to consider what proof there was of such inspiration ; thirdly, what were the objections com monly urged against'it, and, fourthly, what were the lessons which it behoved them to take from 'a serious and impartial consideration of the subject. In addressing himself to the first subdivision of his subject the rev. lecturer defined tbe ordinary meaning attached to the word ' inspiration,' which was often used to imply the active exercise of the intellectual faculties under the impulse of a fervid imagination : but that the term was applied by the writers of the New Testament in a far higher sense, and with a mueli more special signi ficance, must be evident to all who studied that book, wherein it was clearly used to denote a direct action of the Divine Mind upon the human mind, in such a manner that the latter was supernaturally informed, and enabled to -communicate the information so directly received from the Spirit of God. This was evidently the sense in which the Saviour applied it to the words of David, when he spake ' in the spirit,' and such was the inspiration attri buted by Christ to the language of Isaiah when he read a portion of the book of that prophet in the synagogue at Nazareth, and expounded the passage to the unbelieving Jews. Evidently Our Lord regarded all the Old Testa ment Scriptures as written under the direct inspiration of God : that is — that what was communicated by the writers of tliose books c ame from God, through the influence he was pleased to exercise upon the minds of certain chosen men. The lecturer gave several instances in proof of his assertion, and proceeded to say that it was clearly to be inferred that Christ regarded the Scriptures then written as exempt from all error, and as the received depositories ot all truth. The Apostle St. Peter also spoke of Scripture as ' the sure word of pro phecy,' whereunto they were all to take heed, and declared that that ' prophecy came not in old time by the will of man, but that holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.' That apostle clearly declared that Scripture to be of no 'private interpretation,' implying that even what had been so said and written had not been fully explicable to the prophets themselves, but that they had' so written and spoken as they had been borne along by the Holy Spirit. St. Paul in the 3rd chapter of the Second Epi.stle to Timothy — 15th, 16th, and 17th verses — authoritatively taught the same doctrine as to the Divine inspiration of Scripture, and the end and object of such inspiration. The rev. lecturer commented for a few moments upon the exact meaning of the strongly expressed terms of the 16 tii verse— in which the doctrine of a plenary inspiration of Scripture is insisted upon by the apostle to the Gentiles— and defended, by a critical examination of the construction of the passage in tbe original Greek, tbe translation of the authorised ver sion : quoting from Dr. Henderson's Lectures upon In spiration, pages 22 and 23. The rev. gentleman also for tified' his view by referring to numerous other passages, to show that the ' oracular announcements ' of God were regarded by the apostles as Christians now regard them without any qualification whatever. He dwelt also on the evidence of the authority ascribed to the Sacred Scriptures of the Old Testament, as manifested by the fact that in the Jtfipistles and in the Book of Revelations alone there were not less than 450 passages in which those books were either ?expressly quoted, or very clearly referred to by the New ?Testament writers. In fit. Paul's Epistles alone, 250 such quotations and references had been distinctly traced.. All this went to shew that the apostles and earliest Christians Imlieved that the writers so referred to were specially in fluenced by God to write nothing but what was needed far the intellectual and spiritual benefit of man and for the greater glory of God. From this point in his argument, the rev. lecturer passed on to an impressive comment on the recorded words of the Word in the 14th Chapter of St. John'sJGospel, loth, 16th, 17th, 18th, and 26th verses. The lecturer argued tliat passage and Romans ix. 1, 1st Corinthians ii,, 10th 11th, 12th, 13th, and 16th ; Galatiana iii., 14th, and other texts in the Apostolic Epistles, clearly proved that a Divine inspiration for the teaching of the writers of the New Testament was authoritatively placed upon precisely the sauie footing as that elsewhere attributed to the Scriptures of the Old Testament. He explained that the inspiration thus attributed was not a mechanical, or (as it was sometimes termed) dynamic influence, and that' the Divine inspiration used, sustained, and stimulated the natural gifts of the persons so inspired, thus accounting for the great variety of individual expres sion to what were fully revealed constituted a perfect sys tem of truth, obviously designed by one great superintend ing, ever-preBent, all-knowing, and loving mind for the ?elevation and for the happiness of man. In the second subdivision of his subject the rev. lecturer advanced cogent and conclusive proofs of the inspiration of Scripture from a variety of arguments of an abstract character, and pointed out the impossibility of setting forth any other reasonable hypothesis which would account for the existence of Christianity, for tbe motives of those who first taught it, and for the many other difficulties which could only be solved by the hypothesis of the inspiration of the Scrip tures and of those who wrote them. He touched also uj)on the proofs afforded by the fulfilment of prophecy, the in creasing and deathless power of Christianity as an institu tion, and the utter absurdity of supposing that all this could have come from the concurrence of a large number of men in what was false, and without any intelligible motive. He urged the madness ana folly of those who tried to reduce all to the level of their own negations, and the frightful effect of any amount of success in the attempt to reduce man to the state of a beast, without the elevating idea of a revealed God. He insisted also upon the lofty, elevating and ennobling character of Christianity as a proof of its Divine origin, ana its wonderful, its mysterious adaptation to the inner feelings of men in all ages, since the coming of Christ. The lecturer also frankly and fully stated several objections to the hypothesis of the inspiration contended for, and ?concluded by pointing out a few practical lessons which might be learned from the subject under consideration. The lecture, of which this is only a meagre ?outline, was listened to throughout with marked attention, and at many of the more eloquent passages (necessarily omitted in this brief notice) there was a loud and pro longed applause. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks was awarded to the reverend lecturer, who ex pressed his satisfaction in being- there to defend their common Christianity. A general desire was expressed that the lecture should be published. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the proceedings terminated with ttie doxology and the benediction. Caution to Boys uping Bows ani- Arrows. —The Southern Argun of Friday states that a few days ago a boy, the eon of Mr. David Larcombe, met with an accident which it is feared will result in the loss of the sight of one eye. It appears that he and another boy were shooting with bows and arrows, and as Mr. Larcombe' s son ?was in the act of turning, his companion shot an arrow which hit the unfortunate boy in the eye, completely severing the eye-ball and causing intense pain. A Promising Youth. — The following example of the impudence of Young Victoria is from the Benall-a Ensign : — ' About two months ago, a boy named Smith, formerly in Mr. M'Bean's employ, was committed for trial by the Benalla Bench for setting fire to a haystack belong ing to Mr. M'Bean. This bright youth has addressed the following laconic note to mat gentleman, which deserves to be produced as an instance of cool cheek: — ' H. M. Gaol Beechworth 20th March, 1871 Sir. would you be kind enough to send me my money what is due to me direct to Her Majesty's Gaol Beechworth as soon as convenient. I remain Yours &c.;, T. Smith to R. M'Bean, Esq. Benalla.' The amount due to this young scamp was some ? 6b. or 6s., and, considering the loss he has no dout$ occa sioned Mr. M'Bean by wantonly burning his stack, and the further loss he will be put to to convey himself and wit nesses to Beechworth to Lave the ungrateful young rascal I masted tlie r^nes'i w in its WW' Dinkeu to Mr. Ed\vau.!- R. Faikvax. — On Satur day last the employes of the Sudrsy Morning Herald gave a dinner to Mr. Edward K. Fairfax, who is about to leave the colony by the outgoing mail steamer, on a visit to Europe. The senior proprietors of the Herald (Messrs. John and James R. Fairfax) were also present. The company numbered upwards of a hundred. The dinner was given at Sans Souct, on the banks of George's Fiver. Mr. Baker, of the Sans Souci Hotel, did his duty like a man of experience in his calling, and left nothing to be desired in regard to the appointments of the table. Dinner was served in a rustic building so constructed as to afford an extensive view of the magnificent river which has been often spoken of as a probable source of future water supply for the city. When the cloth had been removed, and the utual loyal toasts had been duly honoured, the Rev. J. 'West, who filled the chair, proposed 'Our Gnest.' The toast was received with great enthusiasm, and was responded to by Mr. E. R. Faivf&s.; The other toasts were ' Continued Prosperity to the Sydney Morning Herald,' and 'The Chairman.' Suicide. — We fNeivc-nslle Chronicle ) have to record the death, at Dark Creek, by his own hand, of Wil liam Bryan, some time since working as chaffcutter in certain stables in Wallsend. Our informant last saw him alive at twenty minutes past 10 o'clock on Monday morn iHg, and shortly afterwards the deed must have been com mitted, for at a* little before noon he was found hanging by the neck in the men's room of Mr. Pratt's butcher's shop, where he had lately been employed. His conduct for some time past lias been most eccentric, deceased constantly wishing he were dead, and saying that his life was a burthen to him. His determination to end his life by his own hand is abundantly shown by the means he had taken to accomplish his intention. He had, in the first instance, passed his handkerchief round a beam, and then through that a saddle strap, in which he was found suspended, with one knee bent under him, the foot resting on a sack of potatoes, the other also bent, and the foot on the floor, in such wise that had deceased stood upright there would not have been the slightest tension on the strap. Attempt ti- M cruder. — At the Tamworth Assize Court, on the 3rd instant, Jemmy King, a Chinaman was found guilty of attempting to murder Patrick O'Loughlin, a shepherd, and was sentenced to death. From the evidence, as published in the Examiner, the facts seem to be as under. O'Loghlin says : — I was at Palla mallawa on the 24th February last ; in January prisoner came to my place and stopped a fortnight, and I kept him bocause no one would give him anything to eat; the weather was hot ; at the end of that period he rolled up part of his swag and started, and took a bridle in his hand; when I came home he was again at my place ; after supper, two young men came up and asked if prisoner was there ; Isaid.no; the young men said something about a horse, and prisoner came afterwards with the young man's horse, and I took it from him ; this was about 12 o'clock same night ; the young man gave me orders to detain his horse ; prisoner wanted me to let him take the mare to Palla mallawa ; he said that he only wanted to take her there, and that he would then let her run in the bush: I would not ; I told him to go to the hut and take the re mainder of his things away ; the same night he camped oa a creek till next morning ; about eight days after, u shep herd slept at my place; he asked if I knew prisoner was staying in an empty hut about a mile and a half from my place ; I said no ; next night I came home and missed my saddle, bridle, sheep dog, and horse '. I borrowed a horse and went to the empty hut, but he was aot there ; next day followed prisoner to Pallamallawa ; I got there about sundown ; it is about thirty-two miles by the road from my place ; found my horse within about a mile of the public house at Pallamallawa; the horse was sweating fls if ridden lately ; 1 put the horse in the stockyard and went to the inn, and saw prisoner in the bar ; I asked him where my saddle and bridle were, and he said, ' Go to the store,' as if he meant me to buy another ; we had a scuffle ; it did not last long, and no harm on either side was done The schoolmaster at the house who separated the comba tants states in evidence that after the scuffle Jemmy went into the verandah, and eventually left the premises for some time : after that again prisoner was outside the verandah with some others ; prisoner was at one end of the verandah by himself ; O'Loughlin was there ; about an hour had now elapsed Bince the scuffle ; I saw prisoner dart from where he sat along behind those on the verandah and struck two or more blows in rapid succession ; prosecu tor called out he was murdered, and he was carried out ; there were ghastly wounds on him — one on his neck and one on his shoulder ; he fainted soon after ; I could see the shoulder blade and the cut had passed clean through the bone : the neck was exposed by the cut there ; I sewed up the wounds and the doctor again dressed them ; there had been peace for fully three-quarters of an hour I am sure ; prisoner struck the' blow; I do not know how prisoner's ear was cut off; I heard about it next morning : it was not done when O'Loughlin hit prisoner : I could see the tomahawk fall on his neck, and hear the thud ; the wound there was five inches long ; prisoner made no complaint up to the time he made a rush at prosecutor. Ant Blight in Orange Trees.— A correspondent of the Cumberland Times pleasantly states a mode of curing this damaging pest. Whilst visiting an orchaid near Parramatta, he thus interviews the pro prietor: — ' These trees,' said my friend, ' were very bad with the ant blight, but you see those little logs at their butts; well, they have cured them.' This was a poser, and I begged immediately to have an explanation of the mystery. ' Why, you see, these logs contain ' French men,' and when 1 get a nest in the bush, I bring it home and put it at the root of the tree, when war commences between the ants that visit the tree and those in the log; the latter being more powerful get the best of it. The disease leaves the tree as soon as you keep the black ant away, as the others do not invade it.' 'But, my friend, said I (contem plating him figuratively speaking, from an intellectual eminence, and smiling compassionately upon him), you ought to be aware that the ant only visits the tree for the sake ef die honey, which exudes from a species of coccus ; the ingenious pismire tickles the latter with his antennaj, and receives this sweet return — in the same way that by judicious titillation of a member of Parliament, one 6ometimes gets into a good billet.' ' That may be true,' said he, ' but if you can keep the ant away the tree recovers, despite the coccus, and my ' Frenchmen * cured all the worst of mine.' I now bent down and examined the butt of the tree, and saw that it was jealously guarded by a detachment of ants from the log, while the bodies of their enemies were plentifully strewed about, so I gave him best; but you will perhaps agree with me in thinking that some of our orange growers might profit by adopting my friend's plan, and forming an alliance with the ' Frenchmen.' Thp Murderer Ckonc Gow. — On Tuesday (says the Dmiliqvin Chronicle , of the 6th instant), Chong Gow was convicted here of murdering a fellow-countryman, named Tommy Ah Gun, at Hay, in November last ; and his Honor, in passing sentence of death, could give the criminal no hope of auv reduction of punishment. Although tried for the murder of one man only, two deaths resulted from the brutal attack made by Chong Gow with a spade ; Ong Gee, the second Chinaman attacked, having died in j the hospital on the 4th January, from the injuries received. It is generally believed by those who have had an oppor tunity of knowing the dispositions of the convicted and his victims, that ' greed,' combined with extreme passion, was the main cause of the crime. The Defences. — A writer in the Melbourne Leader observes : — ' In Sydney they have been having some- j thing like a full-dress rehearsal of what would take j place in the event of a hostile fleet attempting a binding in Port Jackson. It would have been as well if the recent visit of the Blanche had been utilised in Hobson's Bay. At present no one knows in what condition our defences really are. Some people appear to think that if, as appeared very probable three months ago, Russia had gone to war with England, the Haydamack could easily have shelled Mel bourne. Other folks laugh at the idea, and point to our batteries, our volunteers, our paid artillerymen, and the heavy guns of the Nelson. I should feel all the more easy if the example of Sydney were followed, a grand review attempted, and the Nelson manned by the Naval Brigade and tbe newly enrolled Naval Reserve. But in that case who wculd take the command of the combined sea and land forces ? Is there a single competent person available \ ' ' The two questions which conclude the above remarks might be asked be re, if, instead of a review, we should come to KtHPi LtfPtilit'ie?. We-LEYAN MlFMi-fi'AUV Society. — A. publii- meet- I icg was on Wednesday evening held in the Wcslcyau ??Lurch, Bourke-street, in connection with the Australasian 'Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society. Tho meeting Laving been constituted by devotional exercises, and its object explained by the chairman, the Rc*v. George Hurst, the secretary (Mr. Dowsett) read an abstract from the re port. The contributions from Bourke-street Church and Congregation for the past year amounted to *£163 5s. It was then moved by the Rev. G. ! Martin, seconded by the Rev. F. Firth, and carried, — ' That this meeting, in receiving the report now read, expresses its devout grati tude to the God of missions for the large amount of success vouchsafed to the agents of this Society as well as to those of other Societies; and is of opinion that the still-existing wretched state of the heathen should be accepted by the Churches as a demand for increased exertion on their behalf, and that their willing ness to receive the Gospel should be taken as a pledge of continued prosperity.' It was resolved, on the motion of the Rev. S. Itabone, seconded by Rev. L. Fison, — ' Thatthis meeting, recognising the urgent calls for labourers from eveiy part of the mission-field, earnestly commends to the consideration of all who 'profess and call themselves Chris tians ' the claims of this society for increased sympathy and support.' * Case of Drowning and Gallant Attempt at Rescue. — From the Newcastle Chronicle's report of an inquest we obtain particulars concerning the death of Mr. Sydney Chambers. It appears that deceased was bathing, in company with some others, at the back of the Hospital, and after assisting in rescuing Mr. Taylor, of the Theatre Royal, who was being carried out by the uqdertow, was himself overcome by it. A coloured lad, of the name of John Ice, went to his assistance and succeeded in getting him on to the rocks, but in so battered and buffeted a state as to be helpless. He was washed off the rocks, but his body was again recovered by the same lad, and finally got on shore, but life was extinct. We are informed that de ceased's body was fearfully cut and bruised, and had been so beaten about on the rocks, that all the breath must have been knocked out of him. Had the life line— which Bome ? time since was placed by subscription in the locality where the untoward accident has happened — been in its place, there is every reason to believe that Mr. Chambers might still be amongst us, but, unfortunately, a woman, whose name we withhold, bad appropriated it, and the one fetched from the hospital was not only too far off, but too short for the purpose when it arrived to be of any service. The conduct of the lad Ice (who is not 15 years of age) is given with more particularity in his evidence. He says : — When I got on the hill by the hospital, I f-aw the deceased in the water swimming ; I also saw a boy, named George Thompson, run to the edge of the rocks and point into the water; I immediately ran down and saw Thompson bringing in a lad named James Hoy ; I then ran to the beach, and I heard some one call out that Sydney Chambers was getting drowned: I immediately pulled off my clothes, and I rushed into the water ; there was a rope brought down while I was taking off my clothes ; a lad, named. Russell took bold of one end of the rope, and Mr. Arnold held the shore cad ; we (Russell and myself) swam out, holding the rope, to deceased, whom we could see floating face down wind: while we were swimming out deceased sank : whon we p ' 't out some distance the rope was not long enough ; I let and swam out to deceased, telling Russell to fetch the rope ; I got out to deceased, and caught hold of one of his arms; 1 swam to a rock with him, and lifted his body on to the rocks ; I then called Russell to letch the rope, but he said he could not get over ; as I held the upper part of deceased's body on the rock I rubbed his chest ; a wave came and washed him off and myself : in the water I got separated from deceased ; I then got on the rock and endeavoured to see deceased; when I jumped in the water I felt him near my feet ; I then brought him to a rock nearer in, where I held him ; a person here brought the rope and tied it onto the deceased; I let deceased go. and he was then taken to the shore ; when I first took hold of deceased, froth was issuing from his mouth ; I think he was dead. The jury found a verdict of ' Accidental death by drowning,' and 'added the following rider : 'The jury wish to express their high sense of the bravery displayed by the lad Ice, in endeavouring, at the risk of hie own fife, to save that of deceased ; and request the coroner to bring it under the notice of the Royal Humane Society.' The Clarence River Diggings.—' The correspondent of the Clarence Examiner give the following reports of the diggings in that district: — Lunatic and Perseverance Reefs : Up till lately a gradual development of these reefs and a gradual increase of population were taking place : but, owing to the sensational telegram which lately appeared in the Herald and Empire concerning the Boorak Reef, great numbers have left for there. Hence things are looking dull. Even the 72-oz. return from Peter Gay's ton of trial stone did not cause a rise in shares, or even a rise in spirits. Some of the miners (the senseless portion I presume) have singular ideas of reef -testing ; for instance, Bed well and party's ton of trial stone contained about 2 cwt. | of nonpareil picked stone ; Smith and party's contained about 3 cwt. ; and Peter Gay, I hear, was eighteen months gathering together his lot. However, such abnormal testing has done no harm; an inundation of crushing machines, as was anticipated, lias not taken place, and just now the Sydney public are averse to investing capital, owing to the distrust occasioned by the non- success up to this time of the Lunatic Mining Company. This company had several tons of quartz fairly tested, and the yield gave 3 \ oz. to the ton. This would pay well, but the reef is not wide enough to induce capitalists to bring machinery on the ground. An affair called Stephen's hammer battery was guaranteed to crush the enormous amount of ten tons per week for this company, but it, and not the stone, received the crushing. Boorak New Reef. — The mining popula tion has already reached about Bixty-five, and they all to a man feel under an amazingly deep obligation to the Herald and Empire for publishing such an exciting telegram. Boorak reef calculates to yield fully 100 ounces of gold to the ton— 100 pennyweights to the ton are nearer the mark. Mat. Datcy and party of the prospecting claim have a ton of trial stone en route to the Sydney Mint, to be assayed, and it is expected to yield 100 ounces, which I have not the least doubt but it will, seeing that it contains 5 cwt. of carefully picked stone — the result of about six months work — and which was mostly obtained on the surface. This reef is reported to be 5 feet 6 inches wide — including a stratum of clay-shale and clay — the measurement is correct. Shaft No. 1 south have struck gold rather largely ; Nos. 2, 3, and No. 2 north, have also struck payable gold. Should this reef turn out well, there is no doubt that machinery will at once be brought to the district and public opinien is that as soon as such is the case this will become a richest mining district. Mh. Charles Mathews and Melbourne. — Mr. Mathews has given great offence to certain writers in Victoria, for having sent a letter to the London Era, in which he refuses to ttiinlr Victoria Australia, or Melbourne the finest city in the world. He is severely taken to task for omitting to mention the hospitalities he received and the ' ttinnsmds ' ' he took away with him. In one journal a rude allusion is made to his private life ; all at once Mr. Mathews is also discovered to be a jaunty ' sort of fellow ; another journal complains of the misrepresentation to which the colony of Victoria is subject in England, and mourns, in lachrymose strains, the injustice of such letters as the one referred to. Had Melbourne on this score the ' cue for passion' (and given even by people nearer home) that New South Wales has, judging from the writing of the | former under a mere tickling, she would have gone mad. Perhaps, after all, this sort of _ thing iB salutary, and may ! lead our friends on the other side of the Murray to realise the prayer of Burns, ' O wad some power the giftie gie us,' &c.; The Glorious Uncertainty or Law.— We take the following morsel from the Melbourne Argta of the 4th instant: — ' A new trial— the third— was ordered by the Supreme Court yesterday in ' Hardy v. Anderson.' The case has already been pretty well litigated. It is an action on a policy of life insurance, and was first tried about nine months ago at Ballarat, when the plaintiff was successful, but a new trial was directed, owing to some defect in the first. Then followed demurrers to pleadings, in which the defendants were successful ; then another trial at Ballarat, in which plaintiff again obtained a verdict ; and yesterday this verdict was set aside, because the plaintiff's counsel had addressed the jury first, and, of course, had also the last word, when, owing to the form of the pleadings, that privilege should have been accor^ to tho ^efeatyuts,' DiiAoGti* to Death i-.v a IIoitoE. — A painful inci dent Ls reported from Cooma. It appears from the pro ceedings at an inquest given in the Manaro Mercury of the 8th instant, that a young woman, daughter of Joseph Woodcroft, blacksmith, wishing to look after a horse running in the bush, obtained the use of an old mare from a neighbour, saddled her. and went away very quietly. Her mother some hours afterwards became alarmed for her safety, having seen the mare on the hills at the back of the house without a saddle, aud her daughter not returned. Several men started in search of her, and she was found by a labourer named Bernard Boon whose statement thus describes the dreadful circumstances of her death ; he says, ' after looking in various directions, and going home several times to see if she had returned, I rode away again for about a mile and a half from the house, and there came upon what appeared to be the skirt of a dress, and, a few yards further on, a petticoat, a great deal torn, and some spots, which I took to be blood, upon, it; it was a moonlight night, but at the time I discovered, the petticoat the moon was rather overclouded ; about seventy or eighty yards further on I discovered the body of deceased lying on her back, the head inclining down tha hill, and her 'right hand over her breast ; the left knee was gathered up, and a side-saddle over it ; the left leg was through and between the stirrup leather as far as the knee : there was no stirrup, and the stirrup leather was only a piece of a bridle rein; there was' one broken girth on the saddle ; deceased was quite dead and cold when I found her; there was blood on her face and one of her legs ; she had on her stays, drawers, stockings, and boots, and a small portion of her frock and jacket was lying near her right shoulder, with stains of blood on them ; on finding the body, I cooeyed as loud as I could, and after about a quarter of an hour Samuel Woodcroft, the brother of the deceased, came to me ; he said, ' Have you found berr' I said, 'Yes;' he said, 'Is she dead ?*' I replied, ' She is ; ' we took the sidesaddle off her leg, and then both rode back as fast as we could to get assistance to con vey the body home ; there were two or three dry deep ruts, or small creeks, and marks as if a body had been dragged over them, and near where the body was lying was a thorny bush torn up by the roots ; about, half way between the place where I found the skirt of a dress and the place where the body was lying I found some white beads, which ap peared to have been a portion of a necklace.' According to the medical testimony, the left temple was driven in by a fall or kick, and the whole head and body exhibited a man* of severe wounds. Death must have resulted from concus sion of the brain. Death isy Drowning. — On Saturday last (observes the Forbes Times of the 8th instaut), a young man named Henry O'Hara, with two men named Hefl'ernan, had been out on Towval Run collecting horses, and about 3 o'clock on the afternoon in question they brought the horses to the river and put them over. One of the Keffer nans swam over at once afttr the horses, whilst the de ceased and the other man rode up the river to where there was a canoe, with the intention of crossing in it, but un fortunately it was on the opposite side to where they were, and they returned to the spot where they had crossed the horses, put them over, and prepared to swim themselves - Before they went in the deceased expressed some fears a» be was not a good swimmer, and his two brothers had. met their deaths by drowning. They stripped, however, and tied their clothes in a bundle on their heads, and Heffernan got over safely, but tbe deceased, whon he got to the centre of the stream appeared to get flurried, and turned round as though to go back ; before, however, he could reach the bank, he suddenly sank, and the clothes coming off hi* bead rose to the surface, but he was never seen again. Constable Boon, with Mr. Ryan, the poundkeeper, went down the first thing on Sunday morning, and with the assistance of some aboriginals, commenced an active search for the body, which they continued until Monday night without success. The body must either have been carried a long way down the river, or else got jammed in some of the timber with which the river abounds. There are several men watching for the body if it rises to tho surface, and we hope ere long to hear that it has been recovered. There seems to be a fatality in the above case, as both the brothers of the deceased were drowned, and an only sister burnt to death. Silicate or Maokesia. — We ( Maitland Mercury) have been shown by Mr. George Vindin, who re ceived it from a lady in the country, a piece of white material, which Mr. W. Keene, to whoufi it was shown, pronounces to be silicate of magnesia, and adds that he is not aware that it possesses any commercial value in the colony. He says it is the substance which, when boiled in wax, is used to 'make the meerschaum pipes of commerce. The lump sent to Mr. Vindin is believed to have been found on the Big River, and the sender says that she broke the piece oft' a ' mountain ' of the same material. The sub stance is extremely light, of a white colour, having a faint yellowish tinge, and leaves a fine powder on the fingers when handled. Death in a Churchyard. — On Sunday morning, the 2nd instant, as Mr. J. R. Clark, was passing the Roman Catholic church, at Wagga, he observed a dog guarding the body of a man lying upon an opossum rug in the adjoining churchyard. The Exprebi adds, that judging from the appearance of things, that something was wrong, he crossed the fence and found the body lying face upper most, and life evidently extinct. There were no marks of violence upon the body, no signs of blood, and no indica tions of any struggle having taken place, death apparently having suddenly come upon the deceased in his sleep. Mr. Clark at once reported the matter to the police, and then, in company with sergeant Carroll, returned to the church yard. Upon the person of the deceased there was found a pocket-beok, containing some papers marked with the name 'James Walsh,' and showing that the deceased had been in the employment of Mr. Desailly. A sixpence and a copper, but no other money,' and a small piece of damper were also found upon the deceased. The body was so wasted and emaciated that death appeared to have been the result of starvation. Mr. John Large recognised the body as that of a man who had asked him for employment as a ship herd on the preceding day, and then appeared to be in very good health. By the direction of sergeant Carroll, the body was removed to the dead-house of the hospital, and an inquest was held upon' it on Monday by the coroner of the district, Mr. Armstrong. From the evidence of Dr. Large, who had previously made a post-mortem examination of the remains, it appeared that the intestines and stomach were perfectly empty, but that the heart was greatly en larged; and the doctor giving it as his opinion that death had been caused by disease of the heart accelerated by exhaustion, a verdict to this effect was returned by the jury, and the remains were then quietly interred in the cemetery. Murrumbidgee Maizena.— If any instance wera wanted (says the Toss Courier of Tuesday) to prove the utility and advantage arising from holding local exhi bitions or competitions, -we think the fact that at the show to- morrow a sample of about 2 lbs. weight of maizena, or corn Sour, manufactured by a settler on the banks of tha Murrumbidgee River, will be on view, would be a sufficient one. A sample ef the product was brought to our office yesterday, and although we do not set ourselves up as judges of the article, still any person can perceive that it will bear more than favourable comparison with the corn flour now so largely imported and sold in the stores. The sample is pure white, has an excellent feel, and possesses all the qualities of the best brands to be procured. Since the show was announced to take place, Mr. Ryder — the settler to whom we refer— thought he would by the experiment, and he has succeeded most admir ably. The maizena was made from 90-day, er ' small ' corn, grown on the banks of the Murrumbidgee, and it is calculated that about fourteen lbs. can be made from a bushel of com. The corn is worth from three to four shillings the bushel— the manufactured article sells, we understand, in the Yass stores at ls. 6d. per lb., so that ttie bushel of corn converted into maizena would return 21s. Mr. Ryder calculates that at even ls. per lb. the profit would be considerable, and intends when the proper season returns to direct his attention to its manufacture oa a larger scale. This year he has, by way of experiment, only prepared eight or ten lbs. weight. It appears that corn can be converted into maizena only when in a green or unripe state, and with the rude appliances he used in manufacturing the maizena, he cut prepare with hi» [ own labour about tweaty-eieht lbs. of tie article pec 