jeeiEBAj. niws. About 150 guests, including his Excellency Viscjount Canterbury, assembled on board H.N.M. shiplCuragoa, on Thursday, inHobson's Bay, at the invitation of Jonkheer J. W. Ploos Van Amstel the ; Dutch Consul. The visitors were conveyed on board in a steamer. The ship's decks were then cleared, as though for action, and several rounds fired singly and in broadsides. The yards were manned when his Excellency arrived at the vessel, and a salute was fired at his departure. After luncheon in the cabin the party returned to tne upper deck, where the guns were cleared away, and dancing commenced to the band of H.M.C.S. Nelson. The party returned to town at an early hour. Afc a meeting held at Sandhurst on Monday night it was resolved that the banquet to be given to the Ministry should be held on the 20th inst., and a general committee of forty-three gentlemen, with power to add to their number, was formed. At the meeting (says the Bendigo Advertiser) it was ! mentioned that the Chief Secretary had signified the acceptance for himself and col leagues of the invitation to the banquet. Itys conjectured that in a few days Sandhurst will be raised to the dignity of a city. This (says the Beidigo Advertiser) will be but the proper due 6f a town which has so greatly increased in population, prosperity, and importance, during the past couple of years rs Sandhurst has. It is some time since application was made to have Sandhurst declared a city — shortly after Ballarat received that title. The census has proved Sand hurst to have the requisite population, and, there fore,; there is no reason why the metropolis of the North should not be placed on a footing with Geelong and Ballarat. The Government, we are informed, contemplate the appointment of a Royal commission to inquire into the best means to be adopted for the encou ragement of native industry, but more particularly the culture of the olive and other fruits, with respect to which the Chief Secretary has long entertained the idea that a profitable export trade might be established. At a meeting of the directors of the Victoria Woollen Cloth Company, held at Geelong on Monday, it was (says the Advertiser) decided to recommend a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. A proviso was also suggested to the effect; that shareholders should be allowed to take out their dividend at once in cloth, or if they preferred cash they should be paid some time du'ing the half-year. A sale of Crown lands took place on Tuesday at Messrs. P. Cohen and Co.'s rooms, Collins street west. The attendance of purchasers was good, and the competition for the various lots was generally spirited. All the land offered for sale consisted of town lots, which were situated ia Hoth&m;, in Macaulay road, Shiel, Canning, Mel rose, and Sutton streets, and Boundary road. With the exception of nine lots, the whole of the others were withdrawn from the sale. The upset price of the lots was £150 per acre, but the prices advanced to £400 and £500, and in one instance to £700 per acre. The total amount of the sale was £1,857 10s. Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt Bridge ghost, has (says the Balldrat Star) rather intensified that feeling, and this is particu larly true of one of the party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear ever since, that he is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some eause, th visitors unceremoniously rushed out. Finding himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his exces sive confusion and hurry left his hat and boots behind, and applied all available speed in making his escape to my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully implored admittance. He said he must have travelled the distance in thirteen bounds, so great was bis terror, and he seriously congratulated himself on bis good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about forty- five years of age, and about 6ft. 6in. high, v. ith hair standing on end, barefooted and bareheaded, clearing huge logs and other obstruc tions as if the arch- fiend himself were at his heels, from sheer terror of a ghost, aud one would have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish themselves with firearms in case of meeting tangible resist ance. An opportunity was afforded on Tuesday of testing the efficacy of Mr. W. J. Landis' solution for bleaching purposes. Some exceedingly dirty fleeces were operated upon, and after being dipped in the solution came out comparatively white and clean. The whole process did not occupy more than about half a minute, and the result was perfectly successful. The component parts used were one part of solution to a hundred of water, and one ton is sufficient for 22,400 gallons. The price is £60 a ton. A serious accident occurred, Tuesday afternoon, ou the Sydney road. Mr. Rosser's son, while riding home to Brunswick from Melbourne, was thrown from his horse and dragged along the road with his foot in the stirrup. When res cued, he was taken up insensible, and conveyed home. Dr. Talbot, of Brunswick, was in imme diate attendance. Dr. Gibson, of Flemington, and Dr. Blair, of Melbourne, were also sent for. The safferer's skull is badly fractured. A Ballarat correspondent writes us that " All sorts of influences are being used to secure the leturn of Mr. Walsh." A letter from the Solicitor-General to Mr. Palmer, the hero of the late municipal squabble, beseeching his influence, has been handed about the Corner, and made a good deal of fun of, since the councillors Mr. Palmer ejected from office are working for Mr. Walsh. Our correspondent declares that the borough council has been promised £3,000 for the completion of the sludge channel, the Crown grant for the site of the town-hall, as well as the Crown grant for the water reserves. The inhabitants in the neighbourhood of Smith and Johnston streets, Sandridge, were alarmed about II o'clock on Saturday night by the sound of a loud explosiou. Some thought the sugar-works had exploded, some thought that an enemy had entered the Bay aud disturbed the slumbers of the three-headed watch-dog, and yet others felt sure it was an earthquake. Those wild conjectures, however, turned out to be all wide of the mark. It was the offending boiler of an innocent Baveloy machine which bad played up. An illustration was given of a new thing in projectiles which might be worth the attention of our military authorities. Potatoes — all hot — pies, and saveloys parted company in all di rections, and the neighbouring walls bore evidence of the remarkable way in which the shot had spread. The astonished horse attached to- the machine went off with a rush, taking the traces and shafts with him. It is said that the owner had just a few minutes before dismounted from the safety valve, which is so far lucky, or there might have been a Yankee accident to record. Two reserves, known as the Yan Yean reserve and the Yan Yean Valley reserve, section 12, ad jacent to the township of Whittlesea, and containing in the aggregate about 130 acres of good agricul tural land, have lately been thrown open for selection. There is a large number of applicants for the land, and many of them were present yesterday in the board- room of the Crown Lands office. Mr. Grant said he could not deal with the selectors at present, but intimated that the claims of the thirteen persons who already resided on the reserves and had erected huts - thereon would be first considered, and that he would re sort to the lottery system in disposing of the remaining allotments. The land is to be cut up into small allotments so as to allow of a large number of selections. Husbands are generally supposed to be a sup port and help to their wives, but if the proceed ings at the City Court were taken as indicating the true state of counubial relationship in the colony, the reverse would be the only conclusion that could be arrived at. On Saturday, for in stance, two men were taken before the City Bench, charged with ill-using their wives. In the first case an elderly man named Wm. Anderson, a tailor by irade had assaulted and threatened the life of his wife. The latter stated that when he was sooer she had no complaints to make against her spouse, but he was continually in the habit of getting drunk, aud would then ill-treat her. In consequence of this, Bhe separated from him in OctoDer last, and earned her own living as a tailoress. After living apart from him for seven or eight months she, with the weakness of her sex, yielded to his entreatieB and received back the prodigal. He, ho wever, soon resumed his old courses, drinking heavily, spending all his own earnings, and assaulting his wife, because she would not give him what she had " gathered " during their separation. The fellow said he had " nothing " to say for himself, and the Bench directed him to find two sureties in £25 each that he would keep the peace for twelve months. In the second case, a comical man named Bennett M'Connell was similarly charged. In his case the wife, a young woman, appeared in court with marks on her face, resulting from the brutality of her husband, who had assaulted her in the street. They had been married nearly five years, but their wedded bliss was not of long duration, for they had been sepa rated for over four years, during which tune the wife had obtained a living for herself, and was given a good character by some gentlemen who had employed her. The husband, however, was continually annoying her, and had several times assaulted her, until at last she was compelled to take out a warrant for his arreBt. l?he man said, in reply to the Bench, that his threats his wife well knew were mere "idle talk j" but being re minded that he had gone further than talk, as proved by the state of his wife's face, he said, " Well, yes, but then I'm very sorry for that," as though repentance covered all the offences com mitted in this world. The Bench dealt with him in the same manner as they had dealt with Anderson. The City Corporation have been beaten in re gard to the action taken by them against the par ties building houses in Fasley street, fronting Fawkner Park. It will be remembered that as soon as the persons commenced to build they were warned by the building surveyor that there was no such thoroughfare. Notwithstanding the warning, they continued the erection of the houses, and they were then summoned before the official referees, who decided that there was no such street as Fasley street, and that the build ings must be abated, or, in other words, pulled down, or prostrated as a nuisance. Sub sequently the parties were summoned to the District Court, and the magistrates gave the ease against them. They then moved the Supreme Court for a writ of prohibition against the execution of the order, which was for the demolition of the buildings, and the arguments on this were heard on Monday by the Full Court sitting in banco, when, as before stated, the Court decided against the corporation. The Speaker has issued his writ for the election of a member for the electoral district of Ballarat East in place of the Hon. R. Walsh, who has been appointed Attorney-General. The nomina tion is fixed for the 18th and the polling- day for the 22nd of July. Speaking of the so-called zebra stripes, the Western Press says : — " The zebra' in this dis trict has turned out to he such an exceedingly diminutive animal that by far the larger portion of the eager applicants herein referred to thought it best to peg away at the commons, and every piece of unalienated Crown land which was con sidered to be available. These applications have, in the natural order of things, been forwarded to the head office in Melbourne to be dealt with ; but it need scarcely be added that, in the ma jority of cases, the applications will not be approved of, and the money will be refunded. Selectors in this district have at length discovered that the Duffy-cem- Grant zebra is a most peculiar animal — very difficult to catch, and when caught is found to be neither worth the trouble of hunt ing nor keeping. In short, he won't ' gee,' and why, therefore, do people run after the animal ?" The following probates, administrations, etc., were granted yesterday : — In the Equity Court, by Mr. Justice Molesworth, probates were granted to the wills of Francis Haythorne, £400 j Andrew Wright, £10 ; Samuel Raymond, £1,400 ; Enoch Matthews, £1,500 ; William Clark, £2,000 j Martin Hines, £1,050 ; and Simon Boase, £1,200. Letters of administration were granted in the goods of Duncan Sutherland, £1,255. In the County Court, by his Honour Judge Cope, probates were granted to the wills of Graham Cade, £100 ; and Newton Lees, £250. The Builders and Contractors' Association held their annual meeting at Grimwood's Rose, Sham rock, and Thistle hotel, on Thursday, Mr. G. Young in the chair. The annual report having been submitted and approved of, the secretary stated that, although the association as such had not come very prominently before the public throughout the past year, yet many cases of dis pute had been settled through the intervention of the committee, and bad therefore saved much litigation ; and although they had failed to carry their Lien Bill, which had been prepared for the purpose of protecting the contractors as well as workmen, still it was the intention of the com mittee to try it again next season. The treasurer's report showed the funds of the association to be iu a good position. The members present being so satisfied with this, they unanimously agreed to vote £7 7s. to the Mel bourne and Alfred Hospitals. The election of office- bearers then took place, when Mr. S. Amess was elected president ; Mr. Gh Young, vice- president; Mr. J. Pigdon, treasurer; Mr. W. Ireland, secretary ; for the next year. . . Seven members were then elected for committee, when Messrs. D. Mitchell, Martin, A. Cooper, P. Cunningham, W. H. Smith, J. Wright, and Bloomfield were chosen to act for the next two years. Several new members being submitted, were approved of, and enrolled as members. It was likewise decided to have the annual banquet on the 27th inst., a sub-committee being appointed to make arrangements. A man named Michael Tracey, aged thirty -six years, was admitted into the Hospital on Saturday, suffering from a severe wound in the vicinity of the clavicle, from which he was bleeding profusely. He was insensible and almost dead. Artificial means of respiration and the galvanic battery had to be resorted to, and it was only after twenty minutes' hard work that the medical men were enabled to restore animation. The wound Was found to be of a serious character, as it had severed an important vein near the clavicle and the hemorrhage was very great. The patient, on recovering his senses, said he had been drunk and did not know how he received the wound, but two friends of his informed the hospital authorities that be was stabbed by a woman with whom he was living. Tracey and the woman were both drunk at the time, and the implement used was a much-worn and pointed table knife. The fellowing pithy little paragraph, clipped from the June number of tne- Young Ladies ' Journal, will be read with interest by the lovers of flowers and fun : — " It has lately become the fashion for gardeners to apply the names of men of note to -their favourite flowers, and to append descriptions which certainly have often a very ludicrous effect. Thus we are told that John Bright (fuchsia) ' is very superior to Disraeli, or any of that class.' This :s encouraging, but on turning to ' Mr. Disraeli,' we are gratified to find that he is ' an elegant grower, and of most excellent habit.' Lord Elcho is a 'bold fine sort, very suitable for exhibition, whilst Prince Alfred is a ' free sort, and must be well stopped when young.' The ladies, too, often suffer from gardening nomenclature. One young lady — we suppress the name — ' is inclined to straggle, and must be sharply pinched.' Another is spoken of as a ' blotchy, pale-coloured sort and an eminent duchess, not certainly now in her first youth, as ' very robust and of great substance.' A child- dropping case has occurred iu Geelong. Says the Advertiser : — " About 8 o'clock ou Wednesday evening, as a servant belonging to the Sir Charles Darling hotel was passing down Bellerine street, she observed what appeared to be a bundle of clothes, lying at the door-step of a dwellinghouse occupied by a shoemaker named Macgillvray. On the occupiers of the premises being informed of the occurrence the parcel was inspected, but the contents created no little con sternation. Wrapped inside of a small hut com fortable woollen shawl, tolerably well clothed with flannels and napkins, lay a female child, apparently about six weeks old. Alongside of it was deposited a bottle of milk, and pinned to its shoulder was a half sheet of note-paper, containing a badly written scrawl. This was to the effect that the name of the child was Adeline Elizabeth j that the mother regretted being unable to support it, but would probably repay those who did for their trouble at a future time. The child has dark glosBy hair, and from its appearance is believed to be a half-caste between a Chinese and a European." 