THE HARP OF ERIN. BY HENRY KENDALL. No. 4.—THE POEMS OF J. J. CALLANAN. FORTY-TWO years ago, under a Lisbon sky, and in the fall of a grave, florid autumnal evening, the earliest, and one of the sweetest, of modern Irish singers passed away. In those dim, majes- tic forests of Portugal which slope from its capi- tal to the ocean, October lingered like a pale, spectral flame; but her hair was blown wild by a wind with the breath of winter, and her fair countenance caught sorrow from a voice whose burden was the deep dirge of perished Summer and grey, dying latter flowerage. Out beyond the remote marshes where austere hills start up and confront superb reaches of sea, there were already fierce hints of the approach ing November cold; and the melancholy breeze which came down the land, bearing on its wings the unquiet wandering ghosts of leaves, went forth to the august waters with the great, sad, prophetic syllables that herald the year's decay. It was a meet time for the death of the high- spirited Bard who set to brave beautiful music the story of old Erin's vanishing civilisation, perishing houses, scattered clans, and persecu- ted Church; and whose lyrics have all the dig- nity and pathos that live and lighten through the death song of the Delaware. Jeremiah Joseph Callanan, the subject of this paper, was born in Cork in 1795—a date when the grass on the grave of Burns was yet young, and when Drennan, that splendid old man who was, beyond all question, the father of modern Irish minstrelsy, had not ceased to write his robust ballads. A few years before, there had dawned in England that magnificent Spirit of Song whose grander gleamings and pulses are to be found in the poetry of Byron and Shelley, and whose supreme day has not yet burned out. Under its far-reaching, exceeding light the slen- der but intense ray of flame which flowed from the spirit of the pale student down there in Ireland lived on, eclipsed and unnoticed: but it was not less the effluence of the morning-star forerunning the keen, passionate noon whose dominant luminary was Thomas Davis. To return to Callanan, he appears to have been intended for the priesthood; but, in the words of a somewhat jejune memoir before us, "the delicate state of his health, and"—what is very likely—"the restless spirit which afterwards became the bane of his existence, and which frequently led him to abandon real good for some vain, shadowy prospect, impelled him, after a residence of two years, to quit Maynooth, and to relinquish all his future prospects in the clerical profession." In the twenty-fifth year of his age he entered Trinity College as an out- pensioner, with a view to studying for the bar; but with a characteristic fickleness, he renounced this also after a short trial. In 1823 he was introduced to the notice of that fine but erratic genius, Dr. Maginn, who obtained for him a position on the literary staff of Blackwood's Magazine, and who, for some time, employed him in his school at Cork. During this period and, indeed, up to 1828, his mind is said to have been very active—his minor poems being pro- duced, one after the other, with astonishing rapidity. He spent, too, much of his leisure time in rambling through his native county and collecting the old Irish ballads, many of which he translated into English with wonderful skill. In fact, to quote freely a passage from Mr. Duffy, "Callanan so caught the spirit and idio- matic character of the Gaelic that his renderings are far more Irish than the Irish itself." But the health of the poet—never of the best—began to fail, and his feverish temperament, coupled with the exciting nature of his literary labours, robbed him of the repose necessary for its re- establishment. Early in 1829 his friends, "per- ceiving that consumption had fairly taken hold of him, urged him to remove to a warmer cli- mate for change of air; and he accordingly went over to Lisbon and settled there in the capacity of a tutor. It was, however, too late for the salvation of his life. He died in his strange home in the autumn of the same year. His biography is another instance setting forth the awful effects of the marriage of the poetic tem- perament with a frail organisation of flesh. It is, as it were, the union of the poor human body with a merciless spirit of fire. Through that thin, wasted, physical shell of his the unquiet elements of Callanan's genius burned, all his days, with a slow but certain flame of destruc- tion. In other words, Life in its house of bones consumed the powerless, unresisting tenement, as the gathered, intense heat of the furnace might eat through a cabinet of vulnerable metal. The association, in fact, of genius, such as that which Callanan possessed, with a bodily frame wanting strength and stamina, is as dis- astrous in its results as was the conjunction of Zeus, habited in the glow and glory of godship, with the ambitious but unfortunate Semele. During the year following his death, the works of the poet were collected and published; but the volume, which included his translations and a long poem in the Spenserian stanza, en- titled the Recluse of Inchidony, did not on the whole attract much attention, and in 1866 it was out of print. Subsequently, however, its contents were republished, and were warmly welcomed by his countrymen, with whom his noble verses on Gougane Barra had long con- stituted a familiar and cherished possession. The stanzas referred to, having for their theme a small but lovely island in the Lake of Gougane Barra, are perhaps, amongst the most charac- teristic of his writings, and are certainly the most faultless. Nevertheless, without prejudice to the foregoing, Callanan was strongest in poems, like the Dirge of Owen Roe O'Neill, and the Lament of the O'Gnive, lyrics which, be they translations or not, are pre-eminent examples of his manner—a style that has all the breadth, force, passion, and melancholy beauty of an autumnal sunset. Callanan, as our readers will perceive, was born not so very long after the day of Fontenoy, the memorable battle where the last fires of old Ireland's summer greatness burned out; and it is therefore no wonder that his music was influenced, or—to put it more exactly—coloured by the shadow of the time in which he lived. Then the Erin of the Maguires, O'Neils, and Sarsfields was in the sere and yellow leaf, and the young nation whose spring flowered in the fourth decade of the present century was not, nor were there any signs of its advent written on the dumb mysterious horizon of human events. Such verses, then, as the following—lines whose regret is only less dominant than their exalted spirit of pride—were but the natural outflow of a mind so constituted and so impressible as that of Callanan:— How dimm'd is the glory that circled the Gael, And fall'n the high people of green Innisfail! The sword of the Saxon is red with their gore, And the mighty of nations is mighty no more. Like a bark on the ocean long shatter'd and tost, On the land of your fathers at length you are lost, The hand of the spoiler is stretch 'd on your plains, And you're doomed from your cradles to bondage and chains. O where is the beauty that beam'd on thy brow? Strong hand in the battle, how weak art thou now! That heart is now broken that never would quail, And thy high songs are turn'd into weeping and wail. Bright shades of our sires! from your home in the skies O blast not your sons with the scorn of your eyes! Proud spirit of Gollamh, how red is thy cheek! For thy freemen are slaves, and thy mighty are weak! O'Neil of the Hostages; Con, whose high name On a hundred red battles has floated to fame, Let the long grass still sigh undisturbed o'er thy sleep, Arise not to shame us, awake not to weep! In thy broad wing of darkness infold us, O night! Withhold, O bright sun, the reproach of thy light! For freedom or valour no more canst thou see, In the home of the Brave, in the isle of the Free. Affliction's dark waters your spirits have bow'd, And oppression hath wrapped all your land in its shroud, Since first from the Brehons' pure justice you stray'd, And bent to those laws the proud Saxon has made. We know not our country, so strange is her face, Her sons once her glory are now her disgrace; Gone, gone is the beauty of fair Innisfail. For the stranger now rules in the land of the Gael. Where, where are the woods that oft rung to your cheer, Where you waked the wild chase of the wolf and the deer? Can those dark heights, with ramparts all frown- ing and riven, Be the hills where your forests waved brightly in Heaven? O bondsmen of Egypt, no Moses appears To light your dark steps thro' this desert of tears; Degraded and lost ones, no Hector is nigh. To lead you to freedom, or teach you to die! The above, according to its author, is a rendering from a Connaught bard who flourished in the fourteenth century; but, notwithstanding the character of its allusions, there is clearly more of the translator through it than Callanan cared to confess to. As in the case of many, if not most of Clarence Mangan's reputed adaptations from the Gaelic, there is too much of the recent Irish element, with its mobile passionate transi- tions, contained in it to deceive the experienced reader. In almost every other line one gets the colour thrown out by modern national circum- stances, and perceives the great throb from the pulse of a suppressed modern national sorrow. The same characteristics, associated this time with the feature of impatience, appear in, O say, my Brown Drimin, a song in which Erin is personified as a cow, and which no doubt was, as stated, founded upon a Jacobite relic. O say, my brown Drimin, thou silk of the kine, Where, where are thy strong ones, last hope of thy line? Too deep and too long is the slumber they take, At the loud call of freedom why don't they awake? My strong ones have fallen—from the bright eye of day All darkly they sleep in their dwelling of clay; The cold turf is o'er them—they hear not my cries, And since Lewis no aid gives, I cannot arise. O! where art thou, Lewis? our eyes are on thee— Are thy lofty ships walking in strength o'er the sea? In freedom's last strife, if you linger or quail, No morn e'er shall break on the night of the Gael. But should the King's son, now bereft of his right, Come proud in his strength for his Country to fight; Like leaves on the trees, will new people arise, And deep from their mountains shout back to my cries. When the Prince, now an exile, shall come for his own, The Isles of his father, his rights, and his throne, My people in battle the Saxons will meet, And kick them before, like old shoes, from their feet. O'er mountains and valleys they'll press on their route, The five ends of Erin shall ring to their shout; My sons all united, shall bless the glad day When the flint- hearted Saxon they've chased far away. The first three stanzas of the above—notably the third—have all the warmth and beauty of the later Irish manner, and we may add, all its petulance. But the two verses which con- clude the poem, containing such couplets as— "My people in battle the Saxons will meet, And kick them before, like old shoes, from their feet." have certainly the sturdy ring of the old days about them. Nor is there, to our thinking, any lack of the ancient, apostrophic style in the fol- lowing dirge, said to have been composed by the nurse of O'Sullivan Bear after the capture and execution of that hero by the Saxons:— The sun on Ivera No longer shines brightly, The voice of her music No longer is sprightly; No more to her maidens The light dance is dear, Since the death of our darling O'Sullivan Bear. Scully! thou false one, You basely betrayed him, In his strong hour of need, When thy right hand should aid him; He fed thee—he clad thee; You had all could delight thee: You left him—you sold him— May heaven requite thee! Scully! may all kinds Of evil attend thee! On thy dark road of life May no kind one befriend thee! May fevers long burn thee, And agues long freeze thee! May the strong hand of God In his red anger seize thee! Had he died calmly, I would not deplore him; Or if the wild strife Of the sea- war closed o'er him: But with ropes round his white limbs Through ocean to trail him, Like a fish after slaughter— 'Tis therefore I wail him. Long may the curse Of his people pursue them; Scully, that sold him, And soldier that slew him! One glimpse of heaven's light May they see never! May the hearthstone of hell Be their best bed for ever! In the hole which the vile hands Of soldiers had made thee, Unhonour'd, unshrouded, And headless they laid thee; No sigh to regret thee, No eye to rain o'er thee, No dirge to lament thee, No friend to deplore thee! Dear head of my darling, How gory and pale These aged eyes see thee, High spiked on their gaol! That cheek in the summer sun Ne'er shall grow warm; Nor that eye e'er catch light, But the flash of the storm. A curse, blessed ocean, Is on thy green water, From the haven of Cork, To Ivera of slaughter: Since thy billows were dyed With the red wounds of fear, Of Muiertach Oge, Our O'Sullivan Bear! There can be little doubt as to the genesis of the foregoing, for it is not in Callanan's tone. On the contrary, its passages of tenderness— that strange Celtic tenderness whose depths no plummets can sound—are everywhere broken up and mingled with the fierce energetic phrases of cursing which are so peculiarly the property of the old Irish language. As in a caoine of— say Carolan, the croon over the dead darling— the moan as deep and as sorrowful as the wail of wintering waters, becomes the awful under- song accompanying the bitter, shrieking sen- tences of anathema. A lyric so characterised shadows forth evidences of its antiquity quite as conclusive as the gray moss and illegible inscrip- tions on a mediæval ruin. Callanan's stanzas on Gougane Barra, to which reference has already been made, form a poem in which, more than in any other outflow of his spirit, the different elements constituting his poetic fa- culty are to be found. From it the reader will perceive that Callanan's genius, like that of most Irish singers, was essentially lyrical, and that passion—but in his case large, deep, luminous passion—flowed about the roots of his great gift. He had more imagination than any of his poetic brethren, excepting Mangan, and, perhaps, Walsh—and his fancy was as unique in its way as that of Moore. But the latter—"the bane of Irish bards"—sometimes ran to seed in the form of petty conceits that were alike un- worthy of the faculty and its possessor. The pretty, but no less absurd, notion embodied in the four italicised lines of the subjoined is an example of what we mean:— There is a green island in lone Gougaune Barra, Where Allua of songs rushes forth as an arrow; In deep- valley'd Desmond—a thousand wild fountains Come down to that lake, from their home in the mountains, There grows the wild ash, and a time stricken willow Looks chidingly down on the mirth of the billow; As, like some gay child, that sad monitor scorning, It lightly laughs back to the laugh of the morning. And its zone of dark hills—oh! to see them all bright'ning, When the tempest flings out its red banner of lightning, And the waters rush down, 'mid the thunder's deep rattle, Like clans from their hills at the voice of the battle; And brightly the fire-crested billows are gleam- ing, And wildly from Mullagh the eagles are scream- ing. Oh! where is the dwelling in valley or highland, So meet for a bard as this lone little island? How oft when the summer sun rested on Clara, And lit the dark heath on the hills of Ivera, Have I sought thee, sweet spot, from my home by the ocean, And trod all thy wilds with a minstrel's devo- tion, And thought of thy bards, when assembling together, In the cleft of thy rocks, or the depth of thy heather; They fled from the Saxon's dark bondage and slaughter, And waked their last song by the rush of thy water. High sons of the lyre, oh! how proud was the feeling, To think while alone through that solitude stealing, Though loftier Minstrels green Erin can number, I only awoke your wild harp from its slumber, And mingled once more with the voice of those fountains The songs even echo forgot on her mountains; And glean'd each grey legend, that darkly was sleeping Where the mist and the rain o'er their beauty were creeping. Least bard of the hills! were it mine to inherit The fire of thy harp, and the wing of thy spirit, With the wrongs which like thee to our country have bound me, Did your mantle of song fling its radiance around me, Still, still in those wilds might young liberty rally, And send her strong shout over mountain and valley, The star of the west might yet rise in its glory, And the land that was darkest be brightest in story. I too shall be gone;—but my name shall be spoken When Erin awakes, and her fetters are broken; Some Minstrel will come, in the summer eve's gleaming, When Freedom's young light on his spirit is beaming, And bend o'er my grave with a tear of emotion, Where calm Avon-Buee seeks the kisses of ocean, Or plant a wild wreath, from the banks of that river. O'er the heart and the harp that are sleeping for ever. Setting aside the passage we have objected to, which is, to our thinking, the only weak feature in the poem, there can be no second opinion as to the character of this magnificent lyric. Its music has the large breath and freedom of the grand mountain-anthems—the full pulse and power of the great song that flows from the granite lyre of the cloud-hidden cataracts. Throughout, a supreme spirit of exultation min- gles, as it does in all the melodies of forest and rock, with a subordinate element of melancholy whose plaintive but beautiful voice has all the tenderness of the lower notes of a violincello. But at this point we must part from poor Jerry Callanan. In that lone, remote, untableted grave under the Lisbon cypresses, sleeps one who loved the Harp of Erin far too well to prosper in the ways of this austere working world. But he was content with the happiness flowing out of his kingdom of illusions, and his name is a dear one in Ireland. In the soft sweet valleys lying back there in old Munster his poems are household words—the favorite ballads of every fireside. And in England, proud England, that country of the Niagaras of Song, there are yet those whose eyes sometimes turn from their Miltons and Byrons to rest with pleasure on this modest rill of poesy gleaming amongst the fair green hills of beautiful Erin. 