ADELAIDE. ? . . Monday. wheat is quiet ; a sale has taken place at 4s 71d. Flour is still.— Herald. Mb. Waltee MoNTOOHERr.— The late Walter Mont gomery was (learns the Ballarat Star) in the habit of taking doses of hydrocyanic acid on certain occasions when his nerves were unstrung. If such be true, an overdose of this most powerful poison taken at en un guarded moment, may account for what is presumed to have been suicide. Flbe. — On Saturday night last a fire occ-.irred on the premises used as a store by Mr. Patrick Bowes, grocer, and situated on the new South Head-road, near Darling Point. Shortly after the fire was found to have broken out, the several fire-bells rang out the alarm ; and the various companies, with their engines, were proceeding to the spot. No. 2 Company waB first at the burning store, followed quickly by the Insurance firemen with their manual, and the members of the Royal Alfred Fire Company. Unfortunately no water could be procured, and as the store contained a quantity of inflamable material, such as hay, straw, and kero sene, the flames devoured it in a very short space of time. The persons who were on the spot immediately after the beginning of the fire, resorted to the rather novel expedient of covering the shed with sand, of which there was an unlimited supply close at hand; and the firemen assiduously assisted them, the effeot being the saving of ths front grocery shop, which was in very questionable security. The premises, which are not insured, are the property of Mrs. White, of the Conduit House HoteL The Mikbtrelsjv at the School of Arts,— The New South Wales Amateur Christy MinstrelB gave another of their entertainments at the School of Arts, on Saturday evening, and it was im every way success ful. The overture tendered by the company was really excellent, the harmony and time being better than have been noticed in their previous perfor mances. Mr. Rooney's song, 'Little Harry, the Drummer Boy,' was very well given, except that there was a little indistinctness. Mr. Rogerson's 'Old Grimes's Cellar Door' was very good ; but ''Kiss me, Mother. Kiss your Darling,' given by Mr. Poulter, was rather harsh in the rendition. 'Willie's gone for a Soger,' given by Mr. Roberts, would have been batter had more life been thrown into it. Mr. Malpas's 'The Angels now are calling ' (illustrated by a tableaux) was given to satisfaction ; and the finale by the company, was a decided change for the better. After an intermission, Messrs. Rooney, Oaten, Steward, and Poulter rendered in excellent style tbe song, 'Come where my love lies dreaming.' A laughable piece, termed 'Happy Jim,' was given by Mr. T. Rogarson, and gave great satisfaction. Other things followed, including the very fine performance of Mr. J. Oaten on the concertina, and the Golden Shoe Dance, given in a most creditable manner by Messrs. R. A. Poulter and Mitchell. The farce of 'The Ghost in a Pawnshop' was given as the concluding piece ; and, adding all together, the performance on Saturday night last was a decided success, and we have no doubt that their next entertainment will be well patronized. Wilfdl. Destruction of the Telegraph Lime. —On Saturday last it was found that communication with Queensland by telegraph had ceased, and the line repairer at once started from the Tenterfield office to ascertain the cause of the interruption in the circuit. This was discovered about eleven miles from town on the Warwick-road, some twenty yards of tbe line having beeB severed by means of a knife, part of the blade of which remained in the wire where an attempt had been made to cut it. Mr. Muston haying given circuit at this place by means of a thin wire he bad with him, but finding that he could not properly repair the damage ulone, returned to town for assistance, starting early on Sunday morning with a supply of wire and a man to help him— accompanied by Mr. Tucker, the station-master. When they arrived at the place requiring their attention, Mr. Tucker searched the bush, and found the missing piece about sixty yards away. The line was connected, and a searcb. made further along, when it was found to be cut again at Carroll's Swamp— 120 yardB of the line being short at that place. This was also repaired, and tbe people of Queensland were able to get their English tele grams via Suez, which arrived on Sunday afternoon. After repairing these breakages, Mr. Huston went on to Maryland, to ascertain if any more damage had been done, and returned to Tenterfield on Tuesday night, leaving the line as he passed along in proper working order. He had, however, no sooner arrived at the tele graph station than he was informed that the same line was down again — connection having ceased at S o'clock, about the hoar that he passed thu break he had repaired 11 miles from town. The police were at once informed of what had been done, and yesterday morning Mr. Muston Btarted out again, accompanied by Bergeant Goldriok. There were traces of two men on horseback from the line into the bush, riding down into a gully — one horse having shoes on and the other not. Mr. Muston believes the men must have watched him repair the line, and as soon as he had left oat it again. — Pen- terfieldStar. 