THE COMEDY QF - CONVOCATION IN THE ENGLISH CHURCH. f In Two Scenes. Edited by Archdeacon Chasuble, D.D. Scene I. — The Jerusalem Chamber. Scene II. — Dr. Easy's Drawing Room. Scene I. ( Continued). Archdeacon Chasuble would begin by assuring his colleagues that they would be disappointed if they thought he was going to claim infallibility for the Church of Ensrland. (Some laughter, which was immediately sup pressed by loud cries of " Order.") He had deep convictions, but he trusted that he was neither a dreamer nor an enthusiast. He would not claim for his Church a gift which she had always repudiated. He began, there fore, by admitting that infallibility could not reside in a Church which, in the first hour of her existence, had proclaimed to the world that the wholejfof Christendom, including all the Apostolic Churches, had fallen into error. The original message of the Church of Eng land to all Christian nations was, in sub stance, as follows " The fact that I am required in the sixteenth century to teach the Catholic Church proves that the Catholic Church has become incompetent to teach. But, in recording this universal defection, I am obliged to admit that I also am liable to error. I cannot deny what is clearly involved in the fundamental axiom with which I com mence my career." But though the Anglican Church was thus confessedly fallible or human, dicl it follow that she was no true Church, and that her members were all out of the pale of Catholicity ? God forbid. No one maintained that the Church of England was the Catholic Church. Her most attached members freely admitted that she was but one of several , branches of that Church. Now, it was of the Catholic Church, of which he claimed to be' a member, and not of the Church of Engl .nd, that he ventured to assert, She cannot err. He Would ask pennissisn to prove that proposition. If the Catholic Church were not infallible at one period of her existence— for example, when she decreed the Canon of Iioly Scripture — what assurance had they, or could they- have, that they pos sessed the true-Bible ? Saints had differed widely about it, so widely as to reject books now admitted to be canonical, while they admitted others now rejected as spurious. In the fourth century it was still an open ques tion, till, at length, it was finally decided by the authority of the Church. If the Church were not infallible while she was building up her creeds and constructing her liturgies, both were a mere bundle of human opinions, which might be partly true and partly false, but could never be imposed on the conscience of mankind. What had been framed by one human authority might evidently be modified by another. It was therefore conceivable, on the hypothesis of the fallibility of the Church, that Christians had always had a false Bible, false creeds, and false liturgies. Nay, it was not only conceivable, but eminently pro bable ; for how could the human beget the divine, or the certain be born of the fallible ? He had not completed his argument, but would pause to anticipate an objection. He might be fairly asked, "if the Church were infallible when she defined the Canon of Scripture, by what special act, or at what par ticular peried, did she lose this gift of infalli bility ?" He replied without hesitation, she had never lost it. The gift was suspended for a time, by reason of the loss of unity with which it was indissolubly associated, but it might be recovered at any moment. Let the Russian, the Roman, the Greek, the Anglican, and the Oriental branches, once more unite, and on the morrow of their reconciliation the dormant gift of infallibility would again re vive. The Professor of Theology would ven ture to ask the Archdeacon how half-a-dozen hostile churches, without infallibility to guide them, could possibly arrive at a common conception of the doctrines on which they had differed for ages ? If the Church had not escaped falling into error, according to the Anglican hypothesis, while she still, ac cording to the Archdeacon, possessed both unity aud infallibility, how could she ever recover her position now that, as he con fessed, she possessed neither the one nor the other ? Archdeacon Chasuble admitted, with deep sorrow, the force of the objection. If infalli bility waited on the re-union of the warring Churches — well, it was a sad truth that there was no early prospect of its recovery. Ue confessed that he did not see his way- to answer the objection. Still, whatever the difficulty might be, he would not the less earnestly protest against the monstrous no tion, that the Catholic Church could ever ab dicate the functions which she derived from her Founder, or lose the power to " teach all nations," the very object for which He ex pressly created her. It was an intolerable assumption that the Catholic Church, when the infallibly defined the Canon of Scripture, decreed that from that moment she was herself no longer infallible, or that she transferred the infallibility by which she decreed the Canon to the Canon whose infallibility she decreed. No doubt they were surrounded by difficulties, and he had too much respect for truth and honesty to deny their existence. If, there fore, he were asked, why a Church which could teach with divine authority in the third or fourth centuries could no longer do so in the tenth or fourteenth, he admitted that lie did not know what answer to give ; because if the schisms and heresies which existed even in the apostolic age did not impair her pre rogative of infallibility then, it was reasonable 1 to argue that they could not produce such a consequence now. Evidently the Church did not become human and fallible simply be cause her enemies were called Luther or Cranmer instead of Cerinthus or Marcion, or because the names of Calvin or Burnet were substituted for those of Eutyclies or Nes- tovius. If the earlier heretics could not rob the Church of the gift which God had im parted to her, certainly it was hard to see why later adversaries should be able to do so. If the Councils of Nice or Ephesus, as even the Reformers allowed, where the voice of the Holy Ghost, it was not clear why those of Florence or Trent had less claim to their obedience. But it was their sorrowful lot as Anglicans to be born to difficulties. This was their portion. Alas ! they could but dimly perceive the principles of truth ; their effectual application was to them impossible. Still there were certain verities which even they could firmly grasp, and it was their duty to proclaim them aloud, whatever fatal contradictions they might seem to involve. He would declare, therefore, his own con viction that the doctrine of the fallibi lity of the Catholic Church was simply blasphemy, because it made God un faithful to his promises ; and palpable nonsense, because it implied that he had founded a teaching Church without giving it the power to teach ! When the Anglican homily gravely asserted that the whole Church of God — the home of the saints and " martyrs — had been "sunk in the pit of damnable idolatry by the space of nine hun dred years and odd," it made the heart sick to think that they were themselves the heirs of the very men who had uttered such stupid profanity. But the founders of Anglicanism had to account for and excuse their own position in the world, and this was their way of it. They declared, without hesita- tation, that God had abandoned his own Church to what had been truly called a diabolical millenium. It almost seemed as if they were willing to pass for madmen, pro vided only they might be allowed to say of the Church which they had just quitted that she was as mad as themselves. Dean Critical had listened thus far with deep attention to his venerable friend, and would continue to do so to the end of his discourse ; but would he permit him to inter rupt him for a moment, in order to ask a question which was neither captious nor insidious : The Archdeacon evidently did not believ that the Catholic Church was infalli ble no iv, whatever she might have been formerly, or of course he would instantly submit to her authority ; yet he distinctly affirmed that, by the first law of her nature, she must be so ! Might they then claim him, in spite of his transcendental theories, as an advocate, after all, of the simple Protestant doctrine, that there was really no such thing as a teaching Church in the world ? He . should be glad to think so. Would he also tell them, since the real subject of the dis cussion in. which they were engaged was the presence or absence of an authority in the English Church, whether he frankly ad mitted that that Church, having 110 infalli bility, and therefore 110 divine authority, coiild teach no certain truth, exact no re ligious obedience, and anathematise no doc trinal error ? Archdeacon Chasuble was far from Professing to be able to answer all the questions which might be addressed to him. He would content himself with saying that if there were no other ecclesiastical autho rity in the world than such as resided in the Church of England, it was too evident that men could possess 110 certainty in their religious convictions— that they could obey 110 authority but what they chose for them selves — and that heresy could not be con demned, not only because there was no authority to condemn it, but because in such a state c>f the Christian world it could not even exist. _ But to say that there could be no such thing as heresy, was evidently the same thing with saying that there could be no such thing as truth, of which heresy was simply the denial. Yet heresy was not only a crime, as they learned from St. Paul, but the greatest of all crimes, and might be called the high treason of Christians. Every other sin which man could commit was only against the laws of God, but this was against His person and essence. God is truth, and heresy is the worship of a lie, which is God's greatest contrary. Satan, they were told by our Lord, was "the father of lies'" Here tics were therefore the dear children of Satan, who fed them with lies. For this reason, it would seem, because heresy was nothing but a part of Satan's warfare against God, and the greatest sin which men 01 devils could commit — the Bible spoke of it only in tones of appalling menace and' an them a. The Son of God had words of com passion for the adulteress, and the stern St. Paul commanded that the man guilty of incest should be admitted to pardon. Not so with heresy. There was apparently no mercy _ for that. St. Paul had forbidden a . Christian so much as to "eat with" a heretic. And yet, at least in one of its aspects, heresy was nothing els'e than disobedience to the Church. Perhaps it was on this account that St. Augustine had intimated his opinion that wilful disobedience to the Church might probably be the sin against the Holy Ghost. What, then, must they think of a Church in which heresy had always been impossible ? Every argument in the discussion of that day had combined to prove that the Church of England not only permitted her members to be heretics, but actually made it their duty and privilege to be so. The obligation of "choosing" their religion for themselves, that is, of being heretics — and whether they happened to choose Roman or Lutheran tenets, made no kind of difference in the sin, so long as they chose for themselves — was notoriously one of the least ambiguous injunctions of the Thirty-nine Articles ? The Church of England did not warn her mem bers against heresy, because she did not admit its existence, and because she was conscious that she had no power to tell them with certainty what was truth. ;DeaN' Blunt was unwilling to interrupt the speaker, but he felt constrained to ob serve that the Archdeacon seemed to revel in pointing out difficulties of which he had admitted the solution to be impossible, and which were enough to drive every member <. of his communion into frantic unbelief. Would he tell them plainly was there any living authority, old or young, in this nine teenth century, in any part of the world, which was charged by God to teach his creatures what is truth ? Archdeacon Chasuble shook his head, but made no reply. Dean Blunt continued — It had come then to this, that the only teacher the High Church party would permit them was one which had been dead and buried for about fourteen hundred years. Happy Christians ! whose only chance of learning the truth, unless they took it from an authority which confessed it could not teach it, was to sift the Fathers, analyse the ecclesiastical his torians, and laboriously collate the records of , antiquity, "written in languages which few could comprehend, all referring to a higher witness external to themselves, and equally claimed by Roman, Greek, and Anglican theologians, in conformation of their discor dant religious tenets ! Certainly the Arch deacon had not afforded them much assist ance in their search after Anglican "autho rity." ;Perhaps, however, he would at least be good enough to inform them, since heresy in the Church of England was impossible, would it be heresy in an Anglican to deny the existence of God : Archdeacon Chasuble, who rose with an air of weariness and languor, would certainly venture to say that if the Church had never been infallible, there was no difficulty in re plying to the proposed question of Dr. Easy. If there were no infallible judge to appeal to there could be no infallible truth ; and if there were no infallible truth, it was hard to see how there could be a God, or at least such a God as the Christian religion sup posed, who was solicitous about the children of men, and graciously yearned to reveal Himself to them. How, he would ask, could there be a God — or, to put it more reverently, how could there be a'revelation from God to man — unless there existed a living authority upon earth to teach man in fallibility what that revelation was ? If men might believe, or were so unfavorably constituted that they must believe, many different things about God, or about His truth ; either such errors were of no im portance, and a matter of perfect indifference to the most High, or else they were forced to admit that there might be many truths, that is, many gods. For this reason he had always maintained that Protest antism could only be true on one of three hypothesis : either that there was no God, and therefore no truth ; or secondly, many gods, and therefore many truths ; or, lastly, one God, who -either cared nothing about His creatures, or was mcapaoie oi securing tue execution of His own promises to them, or was of such inconstant variety of purpose that He was continually changing His own views about truth, and never remained in the same mind for twenty years together He concluded, therefore, that to deny the ex istence of an infallible Church, and to deny the existence of the God of Christians, were virtually equivalent to propositions. The notion of a fallible Church, founded by an infallible God, was an absurdity and a con tradiction; such a notion reduced Christianity below the level of the Indian or Chinese sys tems of religious philcophy, and made it a dispensation of anarchy and chaos. Truth could not rebuke error, because, as had been abundantly proved, there was no such thing as truth or error, and no possibility of dis tinguishing between them even if they ex isted, The Protestant theory ingeniously suppressed all heresy, by suppressing the authority , the rejection of which constituted heresy. Treason could have no existence where there was no magistrate to rebel against. In the same way, the fallible Church invented by the Reformers was simply a Club for speculative religionists, who were deter mined to enjoy every privilege of heresy, without incurring the odium of it. If, there fore, the Christian Church were not infallible, he could not resist the logical conclusion that there was no God ; for that God was no true God who could send a Teacher to the nations, and an interpreter of His own revelation, as human, as earthly, and as fallible as that House of Convocation itself. (Sensation). (To he continued.) 