Christmas Eve In a Belfry. Bt Litchfield Mosely, (a POrULAB. HEADING OF MR, J, M. BELLEw's.) We were a merry p-irty at Merton Grange, Somerset shire, on Christmas Eve — I forget the date, but it must be twenty years ago, at the very least. Uncle George, as we always called him, was a thorough specimen of an English gentleman of the old school — genial, warm-hearted, and hospitable. Indeed. The greatest pleasure of his life seemed to consist ^ makins other neonle hannv. On that Christmas Eve, the oaken pszl'-^ at the Grange presented its usual fec7 appearance. A huge wood fire blazed ^ the hearth — not that it was wanted, for weather was almost as warm as June, but simply because the season demanded it ; the spacious rooai was festooned with holly and evergreen ; from a mis sive beam in the centre drooped a mighty bough of mistletoe ; and the richly carved walnutwood side board actually creaked beneath the weight of good cheer it bore. For Christmas was always kept by Uncle George in jovial English fashion. I may as well say at once that my name is Willis Trotman ; and, at that time, I was a rising young barrister, vegetating in grimy chambers in the de lightful locality of Verulam-buildings, Gray's Inn. Uncle George was a widower, with three daughters. Emily, the eldest, was engaged to Jack Bates, of Merton Abbey; Charlotte, the second, disengaged, officiated as her father's housekeeper ; and Polly,the youngest, also disengaged — a little, merry-eyed, fair haired, saucy girl of eighteen, who was an especial favourite of mine, and who delighted in teasing me whenever an opportunity offered. Bless her heart - She married an officer after all, and went to the East Indies, where climate soon spoiled her pretty fsce » so they told me afterwards. But I can always see her as she was then ; and I shall love her to my dying day. ' Polly,' said I, as we sat down at the end of -'lij of the dances, 'how quiet some people are to-night . I'll wager a dozen pairs of gloves I can guess what you're thinking about.' «« Some people are ?wonderfully clever, no doubt,' she replied. 'Pray -what am I thinking about, Mr. Impertinence ?' 'You're wondering how many times you'll be liseed under that misteltoe to-night.' 'You're an impudent boy, Willis. Whatever made you think of such, a thing ? « Your own bright eyes, Polly,' I whispered. ♦- If you folk like that, I'll never forgive you,' she said, smilingly, as she tripped away. «' Whew ! now tremendously hot it is,' said Uncle George, wiping his forehead with his handkerchief, after going through some extraordinary evolutions in the dancing line. ' Christmas Eve ! Why, I declare it's hot enough for July. Willis, may I trouble you to throw open the lawn door a little way, and let us have a breath of fresh air ? ' I did as I was told, and somehow — accidentally, no doubt — on sitting down again, I found Polly by my side. 'Here you are again, then,' I whispered. «? What a terrible tease you are, Willis. I didn't notice you were near me, or I would have kept on the other side of the room.' «« in what way has this unfortunate individual offended you?' I asked. «« Never mind, sir ! I am very much offended.' ' How do you look when you're offended, Polly ?' «« Willie, you're an intolerable nuisance to-night — you are, indeed ! But isn't it warm here ?' ' Warm ! It's hot enough to bake one. '\v hat do you say to a minute or two's turn round the garden ?' *' I should like it above all things,' she replied. 'Very well. Throw that shawl over your shoul ders, and, the next move that takes place, we can slip out unobserved.' Tn a short time the- opportunity offered, and no one noticed our disappearance. «? What a delightful night it is !' said Polly, as we sauntered leisurely down the garden. ' Look at that lovely moon — isn't it beautiful ?' ' Delightful !' I replied. ' It reminds me of some lines I read somewhere, some time ago, written by somebody or other. Let me see, they're something like this — ? When the pale orb of Dian shines over the sea, When nature's reposing, l-eposing, reposing—' What an idiot I am ! I forget what comes next : but I know the line ends with thee, or he, or she, or be, or something.' ' Cousin, you're very poetical to-night ; but when you commence a quotation, you ought to be able to finish it. I don't feel at all cold, do you r ' ' Not at all, Polly. For my part, I think it vastly preferable to indoors,' ' So do I,' she replied. Believe me, it's a dangerous thing for a young man to be walking alone with a pretty cousin by moonlight on Christmas Eve. By this time we had reached the wicket-gate that opened into the little churchyard, adjoining the grounds of the Grange. ' Shall we stroll round the old church before we return, Polly ? ' ' I should like to, very much. But perhaps we should be missed ; and whatever would people say ? ' I don't care what anybody says,' I replied. 'I don't care for anybody or anything but you, dear Poll!' The moon was taking effect. 44 Willis ! don't be so .absurd, or I'll go back at »nce ! ' ' Don't be angry with me Polly. It's the moon's fault. The moon is to blame for it all ! ' ' So I should imagine,' she replied, coolly. 'Sorry that I have been the means of subjecting you to its influence.' As we passed by, I noticed that the door of the church tower stood ajar. The bell-ringers had been there that morning, and had, 110 doubt, forgotten to close it. So I opened it a little way, and peeped in. ' Polly,' I said, ' there's 110 one here. Wouldn't it be capital fun to run up the belfry steps, and see how the village looks from the top of the tower to night ? The moon will give sufficient light through the loopholes for us to find our way up the stairs.' ' How delightfully romantic ! What a charming adventure for Christmas Eve ! ' she exclaimed. ' Are you sure you'll not be frightened dear r ' ' Frightened ! What at ? I don't believe in tlie supernatural, Willis,' she replied, like tlie courageous little girl that she was. ' But perhaps you'll catch cold : ' ' I'm not afraid of that, either. I'm as warm as a toast. Come along, Willis.' And she began to ascend the tower. Half-way up, we came to an iron-bound door, which, luckily for us, was also open, or it would have arrested our progress. ' I say, Willis ! 'Whatever would people think of us if they could see us now?' she cried, as we stopped for moment to rest and take breath. Flap! flap! flap! 'Tu-whoo! to-wlioo ! tu whoo!' And a large owl flew past us, evidently disturbed by our intrusion. 'Oh, Willis, whatever was that:' she said, seizing me by the arm. ' Only an owl, dear.' ' Is that all ? How the horrid thing frightened me!' 'I thought that you were never frightened, Polly.' 'Not by the supernatural,' she replied. 'But owls do not come under that category.' A few steps more, and we had reached the summit, and were standing just beneath the bells. ' Oh, Willis — Willis ! The view from here is enough to make any one poetical ! ' she cried, clapping her hands. ' I had no idea that it was half so beautiful. Look at the lights in the village — look at the Grange — look at the shadows on the blinds ! I wonder il they've missed us yet.' Just then there came a sudden gust of wind, fal lowed by a loud bans. ' Whatever was that, Willis ?' I guessed its meaning immediately, and hurried down the stairs, to find that the middle door had blown to, and that we were securely fastened in. Here was a pretty position to be placed in ! Laugh as much as you please, but how would you like to be shut up in the belfry of an old Norman church tower just before midnight on Christmas Eve ? ' Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! What are we to do now ; Whatever will become of us r ' said Polly. ' Be calm, dearest — compose yourself. Our case is not utterly hopeless, after all. I have a box of fuzees ui my pocket. I'll light them one by one, and tlu'ow out signals of distress.' 'But there's nobody about to see them,' she returned. ' Oh, suppose we have to stay here all night ! It's not 12 o'clock yet, and the moon will go down soon, and it will be eight hours before day light.' J Polly ! ' I said, quietly. '' Oh, don't waste time talking to me, if you please, ^hy did you bring me up here ? Oh, whatever wul become of us ! Even if we're missed, nobody ever think of looking up here for us. Oh, Willis vi! ' somcthing ! Can't you tear our pocket handkerchiefs into strips, and tie the pieces gether, and let yourself down ? I'm sure if I were a man I would.' ®e®T- Polly, that our handkerchiefs are not sufficiently strong to bear my weight,' I answered, ' 8* if the worst come to the worst, I ppose we ehall have to pull one of the bells.' M Oh, you musn't do that — it would alarm the whole village. And what would people say ? Please don't laugh, Willis! I'm getting so cold! I begin to shiver all over. I'm sure, if we have to stay here, I shall die before morning.' 44 Never mind, dearest, I'll not desert you ; at least we'll die together,' I said, in order to keep up her spirits, but beginning to feel very uncomfortable my self; for although the air was scarcely perceptible outside, it swept through that horrible belfry with almost force enough to cut off one's ear. ' A-tishyu ! a tishyu! I'm catching an awful cold, Willis! I can feel it coming on,' she said, after a pause. ' Here's a nice warm corner,' I answered. ' Crouch down in this recess while I reconnoitre. Take the fuzees, light them one by one, and you can warm your hands over them,' I added, tying my white handkerchief over her head as I spoke. ' Don't let me rob you, Willis. I'm sure you want it more than I do. I have my shawl.' 'Nevermind me, Polly. I'm more used to this sort of thing than you are.' ' Used to being locked up in belfries all night ?' she inquired, laughing for the first time since our im prisonment. ' Not exactly,' I answered. ' But listen ! Don't you hear voices ?' ' Of course I do,' she said, jumping up. ' Oh, how fortunate lor us ! Its the bellringers ! Don't you know its the custom at Merten to ring the bells on Christmas Eve ?' ' Thank goodness ! then we shall soon be delivered from our captivity,' I said. As I spoke, the bells began to swing slowly back wards and forwards — ding, dong ! ding ! d;ng ! clash ! clang ! ding, dong ! I could hear the voices of the bellnngers beneath, so I ran down the steps, and shouted loudly for assistance ; but the bells destroyed the sound. ' Hallo there ! hallo ! help ! ' I cried, making at the same time a vigorous onslaught on the old oaken door with my knuckles, until at last the bells stopped. ' Hallo there ! hallo Giles Stubbing ! Hallo there ! ' Stubbins I knew to be the senior bellringer's name. 'Mussyonus! wa-at be that?' I heard the old man ask his companion. ' Didn't ye hear zoomat ? ' 'Noa, I heerd nought,' was the reply ; and again I shouted and rattled at the door. 'Didn't ye hear nought then, Daavidr' asked Stubbins. ' Aye did I ! I heerd a screechin' loike, and a ratlin' o'erhead. Giles ! Giles ! tak' my word for 'un, it be a ghoast! Ar'n't ye ne'r heerd tell as how this plaice be haunted. Coom away, man, coom awaay!' 'Lord preserve us all !' returned Giles. Ye maake all my teeth chatter in my head.' ' Eh^Giles ! Giles ! coom awaay man — coom awaay ! I've seen 'un — I've seen 'un ! ' ' Seen whaat? ' ' Why, the ghoast ! I seed 'un put 'un's head out o' belfry window just now, all whoite loike ! I never seed nought so horrible afore ! It looked for 'a the world loike a skeleton in a whoite sheet, wi' sparks o' fire flashin' from 'un's eyes ; aye, they wor' real sparks, too. There be one on 'em now ! ' This was one of the fuzees ; and he had evidently seen poor Polly in her white dress, with my handker chief over her head. ' Doan't rim awaay, Daavid, wi'out ine ! Doan't leave me here alone, ye coward — doan't!' cried Giles ; and away trotted the two old men towards tlie village, leaving their lanterns behind them, and shouting loudly ' A ghoast ! a ghoast ! a ghoast ! ' ' We're m a worse mess now than ever, dear Polly,' I said, as I returned to her. ' Those two old idiots have taken you for a ghost, and they'll raise the village.' ' Oh, dear ! 'What will become of us ? What are we to do r ' she answered. ' Face it out bravely,' I said, as, seizing a rope, I began to ring one of the bells. Ding, dong ! ding, dong ! ding, dong ! ' Whatever are you doing, 'Willis r ' 'Sounding the tocsin, Polly — ringing tlie alarm bell. Go back into that recess, and muffle yourself up as well as you can. Ding, dong ! ding, dong ! ' The garrison is waking, see.' Ding, dong! ding, dong! And, looking through the loophole, I saw lanterns flitting about in the garden of the Grange, and I could hear voices shouting at a distance. ' In a few minutes reinforcements will arrive, the citadel will be stormed, and we shall be restored to our anxious friends.' ' Oh, Willis, what a disturbance we are making ! And what will papa say ? This adventure will be the talk of the village for years, and I shall be ashamed to show my face in it again.' ' Uncle George will only laugh at the joke,' I rejoined ; ' and as to being ashamed to show your face in the village, come to London with me, and be my own dear little wife ! ' And I flung myself on my knees on the cold stone floor of that abominable belfry. ' Polly, I adore you, Polly ! I am your devoted slave. One little word from you will make me the happiest of men.' ' Sir, I am ashamed of you. This is not the time for such nonsense.' ' Polly, do you consider my love nonsense ? Listen to me for a moment. Refuse me, and I'll do some thing desperate ! I'll throw up the law, and enlist as a common soldier ! I'll — I'll — ' ' Hark !' she cried. There was a roar of many voices beneath, and, looking down, I saw a crowd of villagers armed with rakes, hoes, shovels, spades, and pitchforks. Pre sently I heard the voice of Uncle George say — 'A ghost, eh? Don't believe a word of it. What cock-and-bull story is all this — eh ? A sove reign to the first man who goes up the belfry.' ' I doan't want your money, zquire ; and I bean't vrightenedo' ghoasts— zo here goes,' said Abraham 'White, one of Uncle George's men. ' Tak' care, Abraham, tak' care, tak' th' pitchfork wi' ye. Mayhap the ghoast may do ye zum 'arm,' said a woman's voice. 'Tak' th' pitchfork, and then ye can gie th' ghoast a crack o'er the head wi* 'un.' 'Come along, my lads, it's all fancy!' cried Uncle George. ' It's my belief there's nothing there.' So in order to convince liim I gave the rope another vigorous pull. ' 'Whew ! That's strange !' he cried. ' That bell didn't ring itself. Follow me, lads.' *' Aye, aye, sir,' was the reply. Then I heard him mount the steps, and rattle the wooden door. ' Who's there ?' he shouted. Something prompted me to have a joke at his ex pense ; so, in reply, I gave a long, loud howl, some thing between a yell and a shriek — an accomplish ment I had learned at school. Away scudded Uncle George, five steps at a time, followed by his sup porters. 'By Jove! No mortal made that sound, I'll wager!' I heard him say. And again I tugged at the bell. Ding, dong! ding, dong! ding, dong!' 'Ten pounds to the man who breaks open the door,' said Uncle George. ' Gi' us hold 0' your zhovel, Jacob. Ghoast or no ghoast, I'll zoon have 'un out,' said Abraham White. ' That's right, my lad ; I like your pluck,' shouted my'uncle. ' Pon my word, this matter iB getting in teresting !' And, immediately afterwards, the door was at tacked with heavy blows by the besiegers. Somewhat fearful of the result, I whispered to P^Ily— ' Retire upstairs a few steps, while I capitu late.' For the truth was, I was afraid that the first man who entered, if he caught sight of her white dress might brain her with his shovel. Seeing that she was out of danger, I shouted — ' Hallo there ! What are you making all that noise about, eh?' ' Why that's Willis's voice !' exclaimed Uncle George. ' Of course it is, uncle ; and there's somebody else here as well.' The door at this moment gave way, discovering Polly and myself. 41 Oh, papa, dear, don't he angry !' she cried. ' Angry ! What have I got to be angry for, eh ? But how on earth did you get up there ? Come, tell me all about it. Why, what's that you're wrapped up in ? Ha, ha, ha You're a beauty now, and no mistake !' Poor Polly certainly cut rather a queer figure, as she was enveloped in a dirty old sack that we had discovered in a corner of the belfry ; and her hands, face, and dress were smothered with thick black dust. 'Ha, ha, ha! My dear, it's a shame to laugh at you ; but I really can't help it. Bless me ! how cold you are ! Come, wrap yourself up in my coat, and we'll go indoors at once.' In a few moments I had explained the whele affair to Uncle George's satisfaction ; and I never heard a man laugh more heartily. ' Well, friends,' he said, turning to the villagers, ' you see there was no ghost after all. So come up to the Grange and have something to warm you, be fore you go home again.' ' Three cheers for the squire and Miss Mary, and long life and a merry Christmas to 'em 3 ' was the reply. 'And now, David and Giles,' cried my uncle, addressing the bellringers, 'pull away with a will, and ring out a merry Christmas peal on the grand old bells ; and let us hope that no worse ghosts than these will ever be seen in Melton belfry on Christmas Eve.' I repeated my offer to Polly the very next day; and what do you think was her reply ? 'I'll give you your answer, Sir, the next time we are locked up together on Christmas Eve in a belfry! ' 