Din. A' T-CLARX-BEFORE RHET ClarkM.-JlI?AL.,.madle. a promise.,to his cothatit ents ths iin order that tpey 'iight ble I acqainted with at'hhehijdlox1efor'the-ii as tlheir rlpreae~u, tativ, ooUId wee.t)iemi e ryr thrgee mn a. In accordance with this promise, he:heli a meeting in thoiWilliamstown;iMeohanicsA Instituta'e n the evenidgtf3igoeteidty eelibut wre were uhahbl' to give an extended reoidrt df t li iroceeiings i IhAl following day's asu-- There were abotl0f people present, the ajcyor of th'elbebiugh pireoii+ibit rMr Clark, who was well receiver,-proceeded, aoter a few introductory regarks to2state thait when he took his seat in the House the Chief Secretary and the Trdisiter thbu1gt hy' a little' liobiiff t'tihti his mouthlit prevent him makiing s~aitement whic he thdu1 iwonud bheU .for 1h?e benefit.ofehnt con ti tmency. This he considered, sifair.- for, he: main tained it was their duty as Ministers of'the 'rowih to listen tithie'omplaints he mae, and'if they did not do' d uibyfesslted bie s we'll as his coasti toency ? tesiite asw hee received, and the uncivil manner in which he was treatgd, he deemed it his -duityb.to,rom ovet. to-the other aide of the Hou;'l-ot ,blhaI dheiintend' to .ffer the gior ment any factious oppltKsitiontbut tllught that i he was to i?tncivilif insult might ? well goqineiro~ ath oppaite?sile.?iThera was an: old yatnabouit two sailorm meeting, and:oneuaying to the other " There's no peace for us on this side the gi?.;?iLkict?k ' 'td 'whclhlis friend e ireji ed, "Thei yth, d .--...u -n t you try. ttie .qthe??iti He (Mr. Clar~) did try the other aide of,:the.Hquee, an hegot more:civilitytliert e Most of his heares! knew that when hetook hiiseiat on the oppoeition aide, he expesd opinion on the defence ue* tion. ')Many. cftic hes aplpeard min the newspapers sad eliwhero on his remarks, which, uprto.the. present. .tie, remained.t unttfuted.,i He had been' asked byrsome, how tnembers to nropose a commits tee to siiiuiid" intd'tbhsesieaidn uiut bieing a young man and a.young oimember, lie ?Fughit i; better to wait. hu?-? , s..hen. theTreasuret rose? in his place and contradicted the statemente'?thbe made, he did not refttte-th5nrm or-?iadred-one so to the Ietiteflday.' 'Bout? on the contrary-t th assertioh pmt forward dn that occsibhn by th Tre-' surer wsaseideoed,by Captaini Cale, who said thire was no "a word of trith 'ni it'(ch crs.)lHe en.ex, came to the subject of: the .volunteer.review;, asbout' which .many.,passages had. taken ] place: between himself arid Mr. Francis.'t HYetliou-ghtl that wvhen a goveinment affiir'otthis kind'w?ias gonng ; taike place, tlne'eaticin?l"revenue alibotld recip the bp nelit of ' altloghe knew that l arrangement hed, obeen tmaderfuri the review, to take place at.ElsternaWick, ~d tttht :theplant arid material weer6 ituh'the gi andlheW' tlii''it 'hi ag as a reirntitive 'of thepeujilo to npro'Feo aate company. . Alter thbeagitatio.? had been kope up for a Inim-and, so taras he was connceed, hlie had -nd..eftr a a-tond ih"in tenel't si.tto;-th? review wasM, altee ti'l1 ad' hed' government'e rpaid 1alo'o: ¢00' by, that: emmple, acetio n ~:le therefore stopd bef.re;thei . now on. an eq.al foot ing, furthe had:esared his salaryiand ihe.lo.lrei k upon himself aslan bunpaid memberi (litii ei.).' It j was hidi".ili'"yh'to6'use tohe lwerJu ~ljlirouun tri' much, bt itis a hnard l? to ie r nipep an explansaionsh4q himsell inless, hae did ous. this pronoup, iiv4rgCly after he brus?ed the tdor o: ;tMle House -the ,tariff,'came ,uidi'! considecatiin,t? a' tariff whicliThlisidojiui6u;w'as js u s Jasmuc i a m",ngrbetai ?li previous one Mr. ran·cs p pTse an additi <il o oiebottia edr, b which ihe 4ew no pruotctionist in th?:House could vote againsti As regards the property tax. he had voted 'agamta it on the:ohi- gidind alone that"i 'was hot aun jai table taiz: Thev'iian with e6Oi'?ired'of ;'nculthitva?tl laud piiiliii?;ei j ati acre, but the man who ci?ti vated ls a Maid t' ini?a an much..?it was simply .tax, on industry.:,, The man whoiedivedie his £10O00 irim. the, bank yearly'wiasnut "?aliCi on to ility a! sienpence'per ode but the working man rati at ayear wiil "vp to pu thej tax. tbu.iitgr atlttd it tIis V tp gblin end of tle,wpdgei and: that.in time thebanker, the: squatter and'the mdriehin wonuld be reached 'n?a, in time'th'o donbt,? it wuld reacih the?e ine ve wliei it suited themi(a laugh) He kneniutwhat these ot'ervat P ., -e o th'in. i of tho,. wedge amounted, to.,Sir. James :1cGululoch stated that the tariff uf,1864 as the thin end :of' the &edge; which inutime .bnlik be driren hobne. Wheni the reductions in the Ciiril' Servicedtook place, it as stated thial also'ivas the thin .end of thetwedge. Seein .hesse things,andknowing that thdy did not touch the salary of the man with l120,)a year, but abolished'the: salary of -the man with £15i;" and gave it t hitirwh6 aid £12000, it was evident that the coptry saved notingi by the transaction If the present ul n a!trjy tcarie-i out ieirl promises they wquald;,tza the ,ingredients of which the Mc Culloch.abih-iet re to a'a liirgei h?tent composed. Another neatin ti ' which heb wibuld refer was ?ieo objectieoin hiad aide to a certain gentleman beiig apeoin i~",on.t'?.he volu.teer 'staf. The founders of the cun.try--the men who had made the coon try whst.it:was--if these was any situation which they weiecoinpeteint to filli'had' a right to .it in preferedicco lohet claimants. iHe hd fooght hard on this it, ad iruisod hfght still ci rder and ii belief war, tht.sooner or later the. DMinister whi etept outaidethe, conutry to fill such appointments must step down from. the pinnacle on which he lhd been saied cheers).: He must:-nieifion a case fa miliar to," ? 'h drcfrence .to the eight houru. system. ??nrry'?g .out' f auggoation whih :;rd been zanae that tbe-ould be eeided W the wate 1ceh w e a in a peculiar w ti:a i b ajeto wart on the Mmister and lay the . . "" ax ws " 1o Stb~f~oi but he thouhtthen thatit as ,e11 'o t f "' si,,. y. . , : +:-. 'tio d in the Assembly Bat the nsewcr he Ce. ceiea wa thatiite water liCe worked nonminally I 1i'?,buS really, unfy eightt I Ls the Chie etary ranswere hin na is wayem tabled ae Tres mu whihh nte uded preas to a divioin ths the ater i be placeon the same.fotin IelanA i ;n rsluton eas sntill ~ n to ireseion jf hSecreti re hlatterapintd . aQ , h " t-, ' ,1 + b)izz ý:l , ,, ,. the wateheat m ehimin -tea teem ly hwa hereuld not gbogto.lprofesiorn.nledg Iboraf-even ni o orr . utc ,aiil he -?ls Hof ojiiie th ee si the first tof next muo h an rtb', ,watr police Twt d'l b piit"on. The sext "o jn t, .-It?,?+ f , wasti: on ablisui howtbe r to 'jiusek was usne "e diretye noat olthe w ere illilst rivwhy a tlee anerind k men nh conbtry generally tio efredto. rocee uif Ii nes Bay. eo el . .' i " t I rs. r .. , i t 9 ... iv ieadmnicir t deiry u d ds. ;' the ollu trm was dr, +isto .btg y r tiwa'sageolehan i?te by ti ane of piliam the the eet of apear cd knd much e r.tions Etrsibcte th 'Woresn ?t7l"M"z'il l..' bli??,t the i matter. w Buthtwo_ d+y- s aiys er fni (nthe speaker) madeut sia teae an usr?t asdr oula Tid e?the Ann teat ier to the e dockipa? tinfll ipk be hole in'side si snd this sie -ole pne dretly the eatwould e were opased a rllruthhim 1h,.w th f a ht-r ibae apr .:o , virkwenotu01. o, rP ,r Ileste cTh, h,, i, n . .....t..as the only. thinge', ared as rifth d6 obd flirst pile aas dasiv n d 1 pen rh eld itill , tcpand make fe cCt lihe cliaghtestrjh doted the' pre.u't l ", , . . 1.t "1 r , ? . ., t n r ... •a.+. : .... enperkyr to 3Vilia tcohnr ie had also urged wviti d.rthe.t oia ~d torhe mEastdesirati bwhich hteen i ateprometo te f n so .tii vessel wghtl o? resafdty hnat io'sdesif tn breakir water tel".He had urg?edthisn romimel e to in ibe,o bt unation t tly . he ati on. Thee is t inn vIoubi 1V'Wo[rka d R?silwayvs were do ig all in their ey.wer, ust-thtimad encoesitered I .mny obstacles nth tli shketh " lir .i fal" t icinse of the heads w tdepartients. But FIr hise lritthe cohld not bobtitepet fessienaet.nowledgtu thic'hne' knewiruwasms ote correit. These ilcialsim latedanhet c 'r inth ft i this echeme i ould be tot ? riesei the siltingd ulothIe lay. Thai ht'etde hed ?nd s?a thoughtlesieeltngwi ;fldagree f aith hime that litiwas ? ene.abldity.r?After hbriel y;referring 'to the hob rnadMr Clark went as -to speak.f -oli th--,eqivea thie e lthe rWill?nistown rahilway, th e prionatiosfat er ii m iyied. ii'hrci the lin iwa s aworthegt re l har os thati trege in eonwh travrllestediithe ine would meet: ii abody slto form i'deptation to- proceed with hnii next we o kck't r'tletiithef'tlltaitiays, hr?il?d dtit thcsliuhthest doubt tlat thinfga ould be. pilied eil'' ,niicti bit et:: io t +a Ihan thewere ait pres?td ~. e. h'id m I nly t?w , ,ellthee- lectori, hisopiioculllt the 'prsnt IinLatry, and what action he irtended to take towardl- thei' .?Ilf'thei Chiefi Se&eia; ' w ani 'lha cpiie.t; teescaii?t -ut'" the ' oliy'fs?eadadoed. btein tobi tler ? constituetteand carried it out in ritbe, andntin lwhich they mid it should he, that it try'airreepoosctlve."of. p?nartylandsreed, should -rece h hisi hrsr.tnaind leordiatoseport,?ioIt should 'awi,'s l ii'erndeardur tl? dlstroy ihnd do awa ;w- • a ", o these . A e eond ,feelirlga cogfj!!d u.,,.h,thp .oleutry, :an, ,., ace, i.q peepleý this criooyla, united andlihappy peo5ple, sr.Eingpfor the benefit of their childreneand fitire generatiobs Evi'r~sinceth."1sresent :inistry ha-I Breen id office, whenev henlifd 'iatdtor anyithing ,foe the benefit of thbetdn,-if( e had not got satin faction he had at any rate got promptues and. de-. e'pateh;. which.?went a long way. :Ife hail ron io believe frsomothe wfelibnt die1la td",hrooghut" the country and from the ablitn of ? th e retary (which even his o pon etcou~d gpt. doubt) that theywo el d iave ; .n.ogrmyr:am ier.fr'. um whic, th y might be proiudt ? ?. irlconl'dieg M,':, Clark stated 'hit he went, in as'an+inrlepen'l in. member an aas- uch hmfi would dulne adL li trusted tha't te. piibliu hal such esnhtLeuiie is' bin Pas to behave tf~ ho could diatigrtiL: h liethawcn the. rigitand wriong, and thast he--would.dn nothing Lto reflect thle diightest diotrelitittjiestht:eml7uutduld' endeavour to advasaoi their interest aiid'tlisi 'f Wthe ""; Mr, R. Lamnont asked why 1lr( .Clark-eatwith a gus'ernioent oppossit tolrthI Edudetiiiu bill which he ha prometo vote for): '- " a"I Mr. ClIrk replied that if; to morirow ;Sir Jjame McCulloch sor aly one rel sot'rojlt uchdo'Skh: Education hill as thit referrod to," fiijwuld.:ote for it against soly Administration. in ths'eousjit'y.II 11 Pr'atric' l'p thsIi u''is r":l tb.t the space of tao mosnilis is to o short a time fur hiam to b. againiexvpeoled to nmcethiisiconstiiu' etits, unless ciriimstances of morelthas»'nususl 1m' pIortanc occur ini the xnbaniz~i a 1`"t t Mir. Aatlfei seconded".thes ese'[itt i mo·iu h was greed to. :, ' L 1 : l " ,Mr. Evpinasse moves) "tit this meetiug haviig, biard M'r.i Cltarke :eplamaton:of isis action in' the Assembly since was elrctedhlssfsh1ed iith tlele Tis r ý "resoluti=, .was ale iiir to A rote of thanis having ibeen paaeed~to ,the ehairman, and. thee ei bhers igivsn ii.Jlr-Mr: Cti She proceeshsni, teriiunated '.:' I .ti;:1.i I .. '. " 1, ,111 .l " aus1 i f rlresaioig his father's ghost?"-" Because .hseoas out ditlvf·tPIN(4 aIkl'ade5'lri ii rllat a , nn u. r ., I I .c~rl J as us tS Tili' F 5 ýjii 