LITERATURE. Magazines for May. THE magazines for this month are extremely inter esting, as well on account of the sterling excellence of tho articles thoy contain as because those articles relate moro to general than to military literature. Tho roaders of magazines are, for tho most part, cultivated peoplo, and hence must by this time be wearied even to nausea with perpetually perusing the, butchers' bills of French and Ger man , shedders of human blood. The thunder of battlo and tho claughtor of hosts are exciting topics during the timo they uro occurring, and for Borne short time after <vnrds ; but they soon begin to weary the sensibilities of our nature, and by constant repetition become detestable. Assuredly there will he a period in the future history of our race when men will look back on the exploits of military chieftains and fighting men, much in the same sort of way that an enthusiastic Darwinist now loóles back on the animal with pointed oars and canino teeth from which ho supposes tho men of the present day to have descended. ? TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE contains "Lady Judith," " Musical Recollections," of Braham, Miss Stephens, and other vocalists of the latter part of the ISth and beginning of the present century ; an artiole on the Gorilla, along with several lively tales and sketches ; but tho most absorbing and interesting part of the number is that which continues the story of "Joshua Marvel." Mr. Fargeon hero gives us somo powerful descriptive sketches of ocoan scenes, and of tho dangers to which marinors aro exposed on the faco of the great deep. The ship which figures in the story was no longer afloat, her living freight had taken to a raft, and were exhausted with perils, hunger, and fatigue. One vigilant soul mused whilo the rest of his unfortunato companions slumbered. Here are his reflections : - Every person on tho raft was asleep with tho exception of tho mon in the watch and himself. Ho did not feel inclined to lie down again, so ho sat and thought of things. In such a solemn scene, and at such solemn momonts, the spirit of nnturo works wonders in the minds of tho roughest men quickens tho sympathies and stirs into life the tenderest memories. It was so with Rough-and-Ready at tho presoat timi. Trivial incidents that boro slgnitlcance when thoy occurred, aud which luid been so long unremembered that he wondered how he thought of thom now, came vividly before him: His home-hi» mother-small domestic joys and griefs-a brother who died when thoy wero both children, with whom ho used to play and pelt with daisies- Good God ! what kind of a bridge wits that in his lifo that spumed that time and this ! By what strange steps had ho walked from then to now? Tho »tars grow less bright and paled out of tho skies ; tho water grew greyer in the brief space before the morning's dawn. Soon in the east a thin linc of water at the edge of the horizon quickened into lifo, and Nature's grandost wonder ^began to work in tho dawning of a new day. The water-lin'e, a mero thread at first, but broadening with every second that marked the flight of gray shadows, was rosy with blushing light. 'Purple clouds, fringed with wondrous colours, surrounded tho clour space, in which presently tho glorious sun rose grandy from tho golden bed of wators ; and as it rose, sky and sun rejoiced. At ono time, for a few momonts, tho soa was like a Hold of goldon corn waving in the nun's oyo ; but soon it deoponcd, till it and tho heavens that looked down into its mighty depths were flited with flaming restless light, which in their turn gave way to softer shadows. Many a sunrise had Rough-and-Roady seen, but never ono that he had watched so steadily as this ; bat it seemed as though his thoughts woco in harmony with it. We fear Mr. Fargeon is not quito orthodox in his views of death and tho after life, and we think that he forms but a very low estimate of tho worth of thoso who preach about them. Here is a description of one of them, tho like of whom, we would fain hope, is but rarely seen, even when on a raft : .,Tho first among tho passengers to completoly givo way was Stovon Homebush. Ho had obsorvod no manner of discrimina tion in eating lils food, and had always swallowed it hastily, so that it did him hut little good. Contrary to what might have been oxpected of him as a man of pious part3, ho was the niostseilish of all tho passengers. Instead of praying for mercy, he rebellod in thought and speecli against the misfor tune which had ovortaken him. Ho did not think of tho others. It was lils fato that was so hard. Tho prayers that ho had so liberally offered up for other lost mon wurenot for him, now that he was lost. All other men wero sinners-ao ho had preached. There was no grace in any of thom. Ho came to impart it to them. Let them open their rebellious hearts, and receive it, while thero was yet time. To all kinds of mon had ho preached this, striking at thom hard, trying to frighten thom with threatened ponaltios if thoy refused to boliovo as] he believed. He «arno to givo thom graco ; did he himself require none? What kind of faith is that which holiovcs all other faith wrong and sinful 1 What is tho tost of faith ? Sincerity V Ayo, for mo ; but not for you. I am sincere ; I am born in the graca of God. Bat you ! Fall down and ropont ! Such had been tho preaching of Stovon Homebush. But now that tho oarth was crumbling from beneath his feet, and the new lifo was before him, he prayod neithor for others nor for himself. He maintained a sullen rebellious stlcnco, faith ful to his mture for tho first timo in his lifo. Hi3 mood, no less than tho scanty supply of food and his manner of eating it, drove him mad ; and within a fortnight of his sojourn on tho raft, he was crawling and staggering about, uttering a dreadful jumblo of prayers and blasphemies. His sistor Rachel followed bina about as woll as her streugth allowed her ; hut ho struck at lier of ton, and often cursed hor and himself. It was torriblo to soo and hear. Ho did not suffer long. Ono day ho ran from ono part of tho raft to nnothor, raving that a sail was in sight. Atilrstthoy thought that ho might be right, but they soon discovered that ho was raving. Still ho saw tho ship coming nearer and neurer. His sister was tho only ono who had patience to bear witli ii ira. Ho described tho ship to lier, aud described the mon and womon that woro on tho deck ; and Eho shuddered aa silo recognised in his descriptions acquaintances and relatives, overy ono of whom woro dead. " Hero it comos," ho said, standing up in lils oagernoss, "nearer-nearer 1 I shall bo ablo to jump on board pre sently." Shu strove to restrain him; hut ho broko from hor wildly, and gave a leap on to the imaginary ship. Ho sank at once, and was Boen uo moro. Our author makes men entertaining different views die quite in tv different Btyle, A curious conversation took place between the two friends, ; Harry Wall and James Hartseose. In tho morning thoy had i refuaed their portion of food. "Save it for tho women, sir," thoy said to tho captain. Ho expostulated with them, and tried to prevail upon thom to talco it, but lie did not succeed. . 'Sir,"said Jamos Heartsoaso, "wo aro going to He down to dio. Wo both of us foul that our time has coma. To rob tho poor women, of any moro food would bo simplo barbarity. I I should like tb shake hands with you." I Captain Liddle shook hands with thom, and after that thoy ! crawled, to.the women, and shook hands with them, and kissed Httlo .Emnia Pigeon, than they crawlod away, and. lay down sido by side. " The end haä como, Jim," said Harry. "All right, Hal," said Jamos ; "it is only a matter of a few years, perhaps not so long as that. If we had li ail plenty to eat, it might havo eomo just tho samo. After all, what is time ? Draw a broatb, and it is gone It isn't so hard to give up a fow years when you think of that. Besides-" But hero he paused. ? "Besides what, Jim?" "We are alone; wa have no women-ties-no wivos.no sweethearts. If wo had, I think wo should both try to live as loni; as wo could." ?" "I think so, too. 'Tis a good job wo aro alono in tho world." " Bid you notice the women, Hal? I don't think they'll last long." . " Onu of them won't." said Harry. " Mrs. Pigeon will soon go Woll, you know tho reason of that " " Yc3 ; sho gives all the food to her little girl. Women are good creatures, Hal." " Such as sho aro. Jim, old boy, a sudden woaknoss has como over me. Put your face closer to mine-I want to kiss you. Good old boy-good old boy 1" Thoy did not speak for some time af tor that. Heartsease was tho lirst to break silence. " Hal. old fellow," ho said, "we shall moot somewhoro by and-by." " Suro to," said Harry ; " somewhore-somehow. It is awfully grand to think if- it is good to believe. I am glad I never did any great wrong to sling mo now. Jim, depend upon it, there is only ono true religion ; that 'is, tho religion of being kind and tonder and unselfish-tho religion of doing unto others as you would others should do unto you, and of living a good lifo. Grive mo the mau who does that, and who believes iu the goodness and greatness of God. All the rest is mummery. Wo have agreed upon that, havon't wo, old boy?" " Ay, times out of mind." "Now I tidl you what I am going to do. I don't want to quito starve to death. It would bo too painful ; its frightful to boar even now. I don't want to commit suicide, although to throw onoself into tho water just now, would be in a certain measure justifiable. I am going to draw myself close to the edge of the raft : then I am going to Bleep. If the waves should chanco to wash me over in tho night, good-lot them : and then I shall know something." "Allright, Hal; I'll lie hy your side. Good night, old fellow." " Good night." "When the sun roso again those two good Monds had gone to thoir rost, to meot again somewhero-somehow. These extracts will show the sort of stuff of which " Joshua Marvel is made ; and will, no doubt, serve as sauce to whet the reader's appetite for more. MACMILLAN'S MAGAZINE commences with " The Panic audits Lessons," which appears to be an article of average merit, neither very brilliant nor very commonplace, but just such an article ae a sensible prosiac man would write on a topic which ho had thoroughly studied. " Tho Past and Future Relation of Ireland to Great Britain" contains some smart sketches of real or imaginary parliamentary characters. " Souvenirs of the Campaign of tho Loire," by Gabriel Monod, who was attached to a French ambulance during tho campaign, conveys a sickening idea of military lifo during a time of war. Tho severities necessary to make mon good soldiers are faithfully pourtrayed in the following passage : Paris was completely invested, Hotz had just surrendered, and tho hopes of Franco wore contred on B'Aurelles do i'aladine, who had recently boon made commander-in-chief of tho now army-if indeed such a rabble could be diínifloi with that t,name. Tho few cavalry it possessed woro badly mounted ; tho guns were weak, and served by very poor horses : the troops of the liae were dirty and badly disci plined, and consisted of mea oither too old or too young ; tho fow Mobiles among thom wore badly clothed, and armed only with wretched muzzle-loaders, which they did not know how to liandlo ; , whilo tho commissariat was both insufficient and. irregular-all of which things were little calculated to , inspire confldonce. And yet in a fortnight,, by the exercise of a severity long unknown in tho Fronen, army, D'Aurelles effected.a complete transformation in this rabble, and la tho end succeeded in re- establishlag discipline. Officers. now slept in tho damn like common soldiers, and wore .present, at.daily parado and inspoctlon. . Tho men had a botter stylo about them,'and a more confident and soldior-like air. The regiments marched in good ordor, with thoir baggage and provisions behind them, and without that'c'rbwd of followers which had boon, tho dis grace, of our army during tho whole of tho campaign";.: it made : ono's .heart bleed to soo tho hard measures by which such strict' disciplino had to bo enforced. Nearly every morning one or two unfortunate wretches convicted of theft or insubordination woro lod out of the stables of the ambu lance, which acted as- tho guard-room, and shot. Ono, a nuartemastor in tho artillery, the fathor of a family, and a griiat favourite among his comrades, was < ondomuedto be shot for calling his captain a "blanc-beo" (groenhorn.) Another, a lad of eighteen, had enlisted in a moment of enthusiasm, but had soon triod ta desert, in disgust at the fatigue and hardships of camp life. A third had stolon a chicken, ,a fourth a turkey, and so on-transgressions too common in an army which wa3 almost entirely neglected by by its commissariat i department. Bat severe as these measures may seem, they were justified by tho results. Ho forms a rather high opinion of the German soldiers, and gives us a flattered picture of their morals Ho tells us that Tho most remarkable foaturo of tho campaign was the respect paid by the Germans to womoa ; and this is a national virtuo, and ona to which in a great measure the Germanic raes owes its power. Individual outrages may havo been perpetrated, but not ono carno under my notice in tho long course of my seven months' experience, neither did I hoar ono testified to as a positive fact. Everywhere, on tho contrary, I saw women treated with true respect in a manner that astonished tho French soldiers, who on several occasions remarked to me, " Wo should have bohaved rather differently if wo had boon in their place." As for tho childron, from the first day they wore fast friends with tho Germans. If there was nothing to cat in a hotiso, and complaints wero mada a causo dos enfans, thc whole family was miro to bo supplied with food. Tho soldiors played with tho childron, went about with them, and got thom to givo thom lessons in French ; and moro than onco tho prosenco of children in a house was sufficient to convert the enemies into friends. They would begin to talk of thoir own children, showing on thoir fingers how they had *. one, two, throe," and " so big," showing with their hand how tall each was. Religious feeling and patriotism ofton wont hand in hand with this family lovo. On tho banks of tho Loire they still fought in imagination " fur Deutschland "Vortholdigung," and almost every man bore tho motto " Mitt Gott, fur König und Vaterland," in his heart as well as on his helmet. On the other hand there was a good deal of superstition mingled with their religion. A great many of them, for instance, carried about a strange, uncouth prayer, which they believed to have fallen from heaven in the seventeenth cen tury, and which was considered a protection against both the enemies' balls and tho bite of mad dogs. It must be owned that there were not a few who contrived to reconcile violence and pillage with their devotion ; but I mot numbers whoso piety, naive as it seemed, was nevertheless truly noble and sincere. On one occasion tho Roman Catholic chaplain of the ambulance gave a consecrated medal to a wounded German. When he left, the man said to tho surgeon, " Your chaplain is very kind, but the medal is not of much use to me ; I had two already, and they did not prevent mo from getting my leg broken ; but," he added, holding up a New Testament I had given him tho day before, " this has helped me to pass some happy hours." Macmillan's Magazine also contains a very thought ful article entitled "Darwinism and Religion." The writer gives a brief but lucid summary of Mr. Darwin's views and reasonings respecting the genesis of tho moral sentiments and social instincts. and then speaking of certain thinkers to whom such views are distasteful, he says They fear that if the noble gift of, conscience can be traced back in all its gradations to the humbler instincts, tho human race will become tho victims of a gross materialism, and that all communion with God, and hope of immortality will be blotted out of our existence . He then endeavours to show— Firstly ; That the nobility of our conscience, as a gift from God, and our power of communion with Him, are in no way impugned by this theory. Secondly : That our hope of immortality stands on precisely tho same basis on tho hypothesis of evolution, as on that of separate creation. Lastly : That Mr. Darwin, if his theory be even approxi mately true, has given a new impulse to tho utilitarian philosophy, in enunciating a proposition by which, as he says, tho reproach of laying tho foundation of tho most noble part of our nature in tho base principles of selfishness' is removed. ' The article is an attempt to prove that the hypothesis of "evolution" is compatible with a belief in a Great First Cause or God, and consistent with the hope of immortality. His reasoning appears to be a little confused and tortuous. He says:— But when we speak of tho laws which govern our universe, we cannot regard them as separate entitles independent of God, as watch laws are of ourselves, for then they would depend upon some first cause other than God. But, if tho hypothesis of evolution be true, there is no necessity (logical necessity we mean) to suppose a First Cause at all, or any dependance of matter on anything other than itself. Those who construct a priori arguments for the being of a God assume that matter is dependent on something else; but this dependence has never been either proved or dis- proved. We admit that this evolution hypothesis is barely compatible with a belief in theism, but we con- tend that tho influence of it tends the other way. We argue from the design apparent in nature that nature had a designer ; but the evolution hypothesis tends to show that that which we call design is merely an effect produced by unintelligent forces acting in accordance with what are called fixed laws. According to this hypothesis everything in nature was once in a state of nebulous haze, or fire-mist, and from this fire mist all things have been evolved. If, therefore, evolution be true, tho argu ment a posteriori for tho being of a God is destroyed. We may suppose that a God exists, that he created matter, and impressed it with laws—that is, made it so that it should act in a given way ; but such a supposition is neither suggested to us nor forced on us by the hypothesis of evolution. Besides, on this hypothesis, any such supposition would be wholly gratuitous, and unsupported by argument. But whether evolution be favourable or unfavourable to Theism, it is morally certain that a belief in it is incompatible with a belief in almost any form of Christianity. Indeed, we know of no distinctive form of religious belief, if we except the most latitudinarian form of Unitarianism, and the Harmonial Philosophy of Andrew Jackson Davis of New York, which a logical and consistent evolu- tionist can believe in. Our readers will find much matter for deep reflection in tho article which has called forth these remarks. BELGRAVIA continues " The Lovels of Arden," and. disports itself in a capital article on "Pictures." The writer plunges into the middle of his subject by telling a quaint story respecting tho Hov. Sydney Smith : That eminent Divino, upon tho occasion of ono of his pro fessional migrations, assembled, in his new resldonce, two friends who ailed high places in tho artistic world, and gravely consultod thom upon tho capabilities of his now abode for the exposition of works of art. Flattered by his application, theso learned pundits launched out into eloquent'panegyrics of his scheme, and described in glowing colours tho possibility of illuminating tho walls of Iiis abodo with tho fictions of tho pencil. They pointed out the various situations most suitable for tho works of different artists, became garrulous on lights, and showed whero, in their judgment, Stanslield'g bright seas would roll most gracefully, and whore Creswick's streams should glide, and his woods -flourish in oternal verdure. Their rovorond disciple listened pationtly to all their teachings, and professed his ontlro readiness to bo gutdod by their decision, and to profit by their proffered skill in the purchase of works such as they described. Tho counsellors wore departing, full of their mission, when thoir pupil called them back with tho remark, that he had forgotten to mention one thing, which was, that he never gave moro than 353 for a picture. And so, as he could not purchase o;thor -1 Creswick or a Stansfield for that sum, their advice was useless. The authenticity of tho tale is doubtful ; tho humour is too threadbare for Sydney Smith. Tho rest of the article is pleasantly written. Mr. Whitehurst, Parisian correspondent of the London Daily Tele graph, contributes an article entitled " The Second Siege of Paris," which displays his prejudices and prophetic powor in a very strong light, tho former hoing deep and strong against Republicanism in any shape, the latter being thoroughly wrong in every respect. The Communists have not " won," though the "rubber" they have played has certainly been " odd" enough. " All Round St, Pauls," by Mr. Thornbury; a Ghost story, called "At Crighton Abbey," and other papers, completo the number. Goon Wonna contains a poem written by W. E. Gladstone, Prime Ministor of England, the source of inspiration being the fate of au infant who was born and baptized, and who died on the same day.' Tho poem adds no new laurels to the author of " The Gods and Men of the Homeric Ago." Anothor lyric, also in tho current number of Good Words, is " a gem of purest ray serene." It is entitled " A Fact." It is simple, sensational, and beautiful. It was on an English summer day, Somo six orsevon years ngo. That a pointsman beforo his cabin paced, With a listloss stop and slow. Bio lit his pino-thero was plenty of limo In his work was nothing new ; Just to watch the signals and shift tho points When the next train carno in view. Ho leant 'gainst his cabin, and smoked away, . Ho was used to lounge and watt ; Twelve hours at a stretch ho must mind those points, And down-trains woro mostly lato 1 r A rumble-a roar-" Sho is coming now She's truer tb time to-day 1 He turns,-aud not far off, 'tweon tho rails, SOCB his youngest boy at play ! Not far, but too far. Tho train is at hand, And tho child is crawling thero, And patting tho ground with crows of delight- ' And not a moment to spare ! His face was dcad-whito, but hit purpose ílrm, As straight to his post he trod, And sbiftod the points, and saved tho down train, And trusted his cliild.to God. There's a rush In his cars though tho train ha3 passed ; Ho gropes for ho cannot soo, To tho placo whero (he laughing baby crawled, "Whero tho manglod limbs must ba. But ho hoars a cry that is only of fear His joy seems too groat to bear, For his duty dono, God saw to his son Tho train had not touched a hair I 