CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY MONDAY. OCT. 10. The Bishop took the' chair at 3 o'clock. " TRUSTEES AND VESTRIES Rllit..- The assembly went into committee for the further consideration of this bill. <? Several dawes, reserving a certain proportion of the sittings of the church for three use of the parishioners during public worship', authorising the vestry to increase or reduce pew rents, and otherwise dealing with the management of paws, were passed. On clause 48, which provided that' no church after it shall have been consecrated shall, except with the authority in writing of the bishop, incumbent, and churchwardens first had and obtained, be used for any other purpose than the celebration of Divine service, the administration of the sacraments, or the performance of the rites and ordinances of the said United Church and no person except the bishop shall be allowed to perform any clerical office in any church except with the consent of the incumbent together with that of the bishop. Provided always that in case such incumbent shall be suspended as officio, the consent of the bishop only shall be necessary," Mr. G. W. RUSDEN moved, as an amendment, that the words, "except with the authority in writing of the bishop, incumbent, and churchwardens first had and ob- tained," be omitted. The Rev. H. H. P. HANDFIELD proposed to omit the words after shall," in line 1, down to United Church," and insert be used for any other purpose than the public worship of Almighty God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, nor shall such worship be at any time celebrated in any such consecrated church after any other order than that prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer, except with the approval of the bishop and the consent of the incumbent, the churchwardens, and trustees, given in writing, and any of the said parties may at any time revoke his or their consent or approval, and then such special use of such church shall cease and ". The Dean of MELBOURNE moved that all words after " except," in line 6, be omitted, with the view of inserting the following : "As provided in the following clause: " The Lord Bishop may, with the consent of the incumbent, trustees, and churchwardens, given in writing, permit such church to be lent to a minister of the Presbyterian Church for divine service according to the rites of that body. Provided that the incumbent may at any time, on giving a month's notice, withdraw such consent. Provided also, that the incumbent may, with the consent of the Lord Bishop, use such church for catechetical or other instruction." The Rev. J. POTTER said he always looked upon the clergy of other denominations as fellow-labourers, but nevertheless regarded the proposed innovation with some fear. If a relaxation of the present law were made at all, the preference should be given to the Wesleyans. Mr. Justice MOLESWORTH said it was surprising that when all the churches in the colony complained of impecuniosity that each must have its own separate building for holding service in. He was at a loss to understand what pollution a church would suffer even if a Wesleyan, Presbyterian, or clergymen of other denominations officiated. It seemed to him that the amendment of Mr. Handfield was open to a serious objection. While it apparently aimed at the exclusion of the Unitarians, it would not prevent the pulpit being granted to clergy of the Roman Catholic denomination. The BISHOP spoke in favour of the original clause. After some discussion, The amendment proposed by Mr. Rusden was negatived. Ayes, 38-clergy, 20 ; laymen, 18- Noes, 18 clergy, 10 ; laymen, 8. The other amendments were not put, and the clause as originally proposed was agreed to with some modifications. The remaining and the postponed clauses were agreed to with amendments, and the bill was reported. The adoption of the report was fixed for next day. TRINITY PARISH, EAST MELBOURNE. A bill to provide for the management of the affairs of Trinity parish, East Melbourne, was passed through committee, and reported. The adoption of the report was made an order of the day for next day. After the transaction of some formal business, The assembly adjourned at 20 minutes to 12 o'clock until 3 o'clock next (this) day. 