REVIEW. (From the Athenaeum.) The Life and Times of Henry Lord Brougham. Written by Himself. Vol. I. (Blackwood and Sons.) The long-looked autobiography of Henry Brougham , will fill three large octavo volumes, the first of which is now issued to the public. Our judgment of the work, of which we have seen no more than a third, must be given with reserve ; but we have no hesita- tion in saying that should the second and a third volumes accord with, or contain nothing positively incongruent with, the spirit and tone of the first, the memoir will occasion almost unqualified satisfaction to the autobiographer's admirers, and raise his repu- ' tation for kindliness and good feeling with every class of readers. Notably free from the asperity and egotism which he frequently exhibited towards his opponents, and which common fame placed amongst his most conspicuous characteristics, the present volume abounds in generous commemorations of the writer's friends, and agreeably surprises the reader by the affectionateness and modesty with which it renders grateful acknowledgment of the merits and services of persons to whom, the narrator was in any way indebted for his social success. Indications of the writer's vanity and morbid appearence of applause will be looked for in vain in this first instalment of a personal story, which seems to have been penned with conscientious regard for justice and the honour of his contemporaries. In this respect the autobiographer contrasts most advantageously with the author of " The Lives of the Chancellors." Perhaps, whilst labouring at the performance which closes the list of his literary achievements, the venerable finalist was not unmind- ful of Campbell's spite and unfairness, and wished to give them apt reproof by demonstrating in his own pages the spirit in which history should deal with the fate. of men whom death has silenced." The only person whom Brougham treats with unsparing severity is Gilbert Stuart, the scottish bookmaker and malignant defamer, who made his literary criticisms the means of libelling his honourable competitors, and died a drunkard's death, when his pen had disturbed the peace or ruined the fortunes of i I many useful men of letters. And in distributing ' proper punishment to this literary ruffian, the author is less animated by hatred of the delinquent than by the humane desire to protect struggling authors from calumniators of Gilbert Stuart's kind : " It is," he urges, " the imperative duty of every one who conducts the periodical press to use his utmost diligence in preventing concealed enemies or rivals from using his paper as the vehicle of their attacks. He should lay down the rule never again to receive any contribution from a person who had de- ceived him by suppressing the fact that he had a grudge or an interest against the object of his former attack." Nor is the book more remarkable for amiability i than for the interest of its contents and the vigour of its literary style. Though he speaks of himself as writing at nearly ninety years of age, the author exhibits the strength and epigrammatic smartness of a man in the fullness of his powers. If his age betrays itself unpleasantly anywhere it is in the earlier portions of the volume, where he gossips somewhat too freely, if not properly, about his mother's Scotch ancestry and kindred : but, upon the whole, notwithstanding the diffuseness of its opening chapters, the book is an extraordinary performance for so aged an author. Another fact to be mentioned in the book's favour is, that it has been published without editorial suppressions or" amendments in the ipsissima verba of the writer. " I alone," he wrote to his executor, who is also the inheritor of his title, " am answerable for all its statements, faults, and omissions. I will have no editor employed to alter or rewrite what I desire shall be published as exclusively my own." In carrying out this explicit order, the executor is less chargeable with disregarding the letter of the injunc- tion than with neglecting to render such small ser "A ices to the work as he was authorised to perform for its benefit. Here and there we come upon an uncorrected sentence that should have been relieved of an obvious error in compliance with the testator's request. "If (writing from memory) I have made mistakes in dates, or in proper names, let such be cor- rected." For instance, the publisher's reader should have called the executor's attention to the slip which occurs in the passage where the autobiographer observes, " My grandmother was born in Queen Anne's reign, so that I have conversed with a person who was alive a hundred and eighty years ago (1), and who might have heard her relative, Ann Brougham, who lived to the age of a hundred and six, speak of events that happened in Queen Elizabeth's time." Born in 1778, at No. 21, north side of St. An drew's square," Edinburgh, Henry Brougham was a remarkable case of juvenile precocity. The infant, who was destined to force his way to the woolsack by eloquence, was a vigilant observer before he could utter words, and he gained the command of his tongue before he had cut his milk-teeth. " From mere infancy," says his mother, " he showed a marked attention to everything he saw, and this before he could speak. Afterwards, to everything he heard, and he had a memory the most retentive. He spoke distinctly several words when he was eight months and two weeks old and this aptitude to learn continued progressive." He was " day " of the High School, Edinburgh, in his thirteenth year and when he was only sixteen years of age he carried off a prize at a German university for an essay on " The Refraction of Light." But notwithstanding the precocity of his intellect, and the position which he attained in the High School, the autobiographer is at pains to as- surers that his career under Dr. Adam was much. less brilliant than some of his eulogists have represented. He became "dux " through the accident of the premature removal from the school of Keay, whose superiority he always admitted. "It is a mistake," he urges, " into which Lord Cockburn and others have fallen, the fancying that I at all distinguished myself at the High School-a mistake caused by persons reflecting backward from one period to another." With similar modesty, the autobio- grapher speaks of the Westmoreland ancestry, of' whose antiquity, real or imaginary, he was accused ! by Lord Campbell of having been inordinately vain. If boastful of these unquestionably respectable pro- genitors, he veils his pride in them under depreciatory i mention of their military services. " If Mary Whelpdale he observes, had been my mother, she would, no doubt have materially enriched the Saxon blood I derived from my father ; but I should have remained in the state of respectable mediocrity which seems to have characterised my many ancestors, none of whom, , so far as I have been able to discover, were I ever remarkable for anything. Many, no doubt, I were fighters, but even in that career of doubtful ' usefulness were rather prudent than daring." It is strange that so scientific-a person as Henry Brougham should write as though his existence were not altogether a consequence of his father's union with his mother, and as though he would have lived, albeit in an inferior grade of creation, if his father had married Mary Whelpdale, instead of the I Scotch lady of whose maternal ancestry the Chancellor was reasonably proud. To those,, of course, who accept John Campbell's caricature of Henry Brougham ftB a piece of truthful portraiture, it will appeal that Brougham's air of indifference for the coldness and martial quality of his paternal lineage was mere affectation ¡ but there is no reason to question the sincerity of his professions of pride in his Celtic descent from the clans of Struan andKinlock-Mordart. Though he may have regarded the Broughams of Westmoreland with more complaisance than he cared to avow, it' is certain that he was more boastful of his relationship to Professor Robertson- _ than of his connexion with a line of not illustrious English gentlemen. The autobiographer's reminiscences of his student life at Edinburgh under the tuition of Playfair and Black and Dugald Stewart, each of whom he com- memorates with almost romantic enthusiasm will be perused with delight by Edinburgh " men," who like to recall the palmy days of their University, where Henry Brougham found his peers in learning, mental quickness, and eloquence, at the meetings of the Juvenile Literary Society and the Speculative Society. From these recollections of life in the last century it appears that Henry Brougham was a hard-working, much talking, and occasionally a riotous and deep-sinking student. Indicative of the excesses which he sometimes committed with good wine and under the influence of congenial comrades is the confession contained in one of his letters written during a tour in the "Western Isles, that he had drunk four and a half bottles of port at a single sitting : " Every morning (the young man wrote from Stor 1 away, August 19, 1799; we shoot grouse, hares, snipes, and deer till 5 o'clock, then eat the most luxurious dinners of game and fish, drinking claret, champagne, hermitage, and hock at night we are uniformly and universally dead (drunk). Your humble servant being in the chair (ex officio) does his best, and: having a good capacity enough for wine, does odd enough things. Yesterday our mess , fell off Campbell and I and two natives set in to it, and among four had twelve port bottles the natives and Bob being stowed away, I finished another bottle and a half of port with an old exciseman major of the volunteers. This morning I went out and found all Stornoway in full tongue at my astonishing feat; went to the moors, walked it off, and killed a brace of hares at one discharge (keeping the skins for shoes) above a hundred yards off, and a grouse soon after still farther and to-night we give a ball." That such freaks were incidents of the writer's university life during " college sessions," as well as the frolicsome extravagances of his vacation rambles, may be inferred from the following passage I " These walking expeditions were the pleasantest times of my life for I was then working very hard, and while in Edinburgh allowed myself no relaxation. And yet this is not strictly true, for there was a set of us guilty, at occasional times, of very riotous and unseemly proceedings. After the day's work, we would adjourn to the Apollo Club, where the orgies were more of the ' high jinks ' than of the calm or philosophical debating order, or to Johnny Dow's, celebrated for oysters. I do believe it was there that I acquired that love for oysters which ad- heres to me even now, so much so that on coming to an inn, the first question I generally ask is Have you any oysters ?' But sometimes, if not generally, these nocturnal meetings had endings that "in no small degree disturbed the tranquillity of the good town of Edinburgh. I cannot tell how the fancy originated, but one of our constant exploits, after an evening at the Apollo, or at Johnny's, was to parade the streets of the New Town, and wrench the brass knockers off the doors, or tear out the brass handles of the bells ! No such ornaments existed in the Old Town; but the New Town, lately built, abounded in sea-green doors and huge brazen devices, which were more than our youthful hands could resist. the number we tore on must have been pro- digious, for I remember a large dark closet in my father's house, of which I kept the key, and which was literally filled with our spolia opera. "We had no choice but to heard them, for it is pretty obvious we could not exhibit or otherwise dispose of them. It was a strange fancy, and must have possessed some extraordinary fascination, for it will be scarcely credited, and yet it is as true as gospel, that so late as March, 1898, when we gave a farewell banquet (I think at Fortune's Hotel to Horner, on his leaving Edinburgh for ever, to settle in London, we, accompanied by the grave and most sedate Horner (cedar. 25, or, to speak quite correctly, 24 years and 7 months), sallied forth so the North Bridge, and then halted in front of Mr. Manderson, the druggist's shop, where I hoisted on the shoulders of the tallest of the company, placed myself on the top of the doorway, held on by the sign, and twisted off the enormous brazen serpent, which formed the explanatory announcement of the business that was carried on within. I forget the end of the adventure, but I rather think the city guard exhibited unusual activity on that occasion, and that we had a hard run for it. Looking back to those pranks reminds me of the inexhaustible fund of spirits we possessed, and how that capital foundation of never-tiring energy and endless restlessness, enabled some of us to work on with unfailing strength to the end of life and even now, writing at nearly ninety years of age, I can recall those not boys' but young men's freaks with pleasure and even exultation ; yet I agree with what the old beggar Ochiltree, in the best of all Scott's novels, said Aye, aye, they were daft days there, but they were a vanity and water !' " In these days, when censorious journalists exhibit to social obloquy the medical or law students of London, who occasionally finish up a frolic by wringing off a few bell-handles, what shall we say of this in- corrigible veteran, whose successes and dignity had done so little for his conversion to genuine and un- affected respectability that, even on the brink of the grave, he could recall with triumph his wholesale appropriations of door knockers and shop-signs ? It was some six months before his admission to the Scotch bar that Brougham, on December 19, 1799, experienced an illusion, his account of which is a notable addition to what we may term the literature of spiritualism. Having made a solemn agreement with an intimate friend an agreement written legibly on paper, in their own blood-that the one of them who should predeceased the other would immediately after death do his utmost to visit the survivor, Brougham was sensibly moved on the above-mentioned day by the ghostly apparition of his old " chum," from whom he had been separated for several years. The Edinburgh law student was in Denmark, and in the act of leaving a hot bath, when he encountered the semblance of his friend, whom he had imagined to be alive in India. The spectre startled him at the time, and, though he made haste to account for it on scientific principles, the recollection of its sudden and brief appearance troubled him for many days. On his return to Edinburgh he received a letter, which informed him that his friend had died in India on the very day of the apparition in Denmark. Brougham's steady intellect had, of course, no disposition towards the unsound reasonings and delusions of modern spiritualism and he remarks sensibly concerning this strange affair, in language that reminds the reader of a passage in Sir Walter Scott's " Demonology : " " Singular coincidence ! yet when one reflects on the vast number of dreams which night after night, pass through our brains, the number of coincidences between the vision and the event are perhaps fewer and less remarkable than a fair calculation of the chances would warrant us to expect." Apropos of this ghost story, the autobiographer tells another, which is not more ludicrous than illustrative of the nature of the circumstances that may result in the vivid imagination of a ghostly presence : " On all such subjects my father was very sceptical. He was fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and, as he used to say, in which his unbelieving obstinacy had been the means of demolishing what would have made a very pretty ghost story. He had been dining in Dean's yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was his intimate friend, Mr. Calmel. There was some talk about the death of it Mrs. Nightingale, who had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had been' buried in the Abbey. Some one offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into the grave and drive a nail into the coffin. Calmel accepted the wager, only stipulating that he might have a lantern. He was accordingly let into the cathedral by a door out of the cloisters, and there left to himself. "The dinner-party, after waiting an hour or more for Calmel, began to think something must have happened to him, and that he ought to be looked after ; so my father and two or three more got a light and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Calmel. He was quickly transported to the prebend's dining-room, and recovered out of his fainting fit. As soon as he could find his tongue, he said " Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin; but, by Jove! the lady rose up, laid hold. of me, and pulled me down before I could see gamble out of the grave, Calmel stuck to his story, in spite of all the scoffing of his friends and the ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over the town butfor,my_ father's obstinate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular inspection of the grave: and, coffin j and so,' getting a light, he and some of the party returned to the grave. There, sure enough, was the nail, were driven into the coffin ; birt word Jbccd.by it was a bit of Mr. Cairnçs coat-tails; ?jJ3o>jthere was an end of CMrs. Nightingale^ghbs't.. "JluB^avtsjAcrwards,. became remarkable for areas-; T xBul' piceVofswupturc, ' By' some' wry"celeb~ràtôd'M^tèt," ij^îesc^ting' May Nightfii^ô*^*yainly' attempting, 'to' -ward'fiçom'Sis'dying within part of death," N early lists-; Su clothe establishment off \h"af-,'péL-._._ . as. never was appoinleèl'càiior," èaj'S'tKo.autobiqgraphcr, who disposes summarily of the clergyman's. statement I that the famous Review was projected '" in an eighth or ninth story or flat in Buccleughiplacc/ the" then elevated residence of Mr. Jeffrey." On this last point the Canon must have been mistaken, for " there never was a house eight or, nine s cornes high inBucclcug^i flace,' or in any portion of the new town of Eden urgh.'' The "Chancellor' is no less successful in demolishing Lady Henry Holland s assertion that her father was a descendant of Sir Isaac Newton's half . sister. But though Sydney Smith is thus deprived of a one or two flattering misrepresentations, for which biographic romance must be held accountable, it may Bottle imagined that Brougham is ungenerous to the ' clerical wit, of whose part in the establishment and work of the Edinburgh Review it is said, " The share we had in this good work has never been sufficiently appreciated. He was a very remarkable man, a great lover of freedom, but a still more fervent lover of truth." He may have been too prone to indulge in "buffoonery, and too much of a jack pudding," but in Brougham's opinion Sydney Smith was even an abler and more useful man than the world has been led to suppose. With respect to the remuneration of the Edinburgh " staff," the autobiographer says, a " I think the editor began at £300 a-year, and the ' contributors at ten guineas a sheet ; but before long these payments were raised." Of the present volume which, in addition to the purely autobiographical narrative, comprises a large mass of such material as journals of tours and sp - Times of the autobiographies early exercises in literatura,-Öae latter half covers a period that opens with Uve institute Chancellor's admission to the Scotch bill, nuBdutus in 1911, when he was still only thirty four years old, and in the second year of his parliamentary career. This second division of the bulky volume contains anecdotes of Pitt, Fox, Lord Liverpool Lady Hester Stanhope, Lord St. Vincent, and other notable personages, together with a considerable collection of the autobiographies epistolary correspondence with his literary and political associates. Of such an offer of personal recollections and social illustrations it is enough to say that it is rich in, the" materials of amusement. So far as legal biography, however, is concerned, the chief fact of the volume is its demonstration that Brough ina 'cordially disliked at times, almost detested- the pro ' lesson by which he raised himself to affluence and social eminence. " I had," he assures us, " an in numerable repugnance to the profession I had chosen, and constantly wrote to Charles Stuart, then settled in London, expressing my desire to escape from it, and that if any opening could have been found for me in diplomacy, how gladly I should have accepted it." Scarcely has he qualified himself to" practise as a Scotch advocate, when we find him writing to Sir Joseph Banks, " My aversion to it" (I'. is., the law as an ultimate object continues the same not to mention that it exposes one to the worst port of party politics, and that to succeed in requires Almost as much interest as to rise in the diplo- matic line." Eight years later, when he has established himself in London and is about to be called to the English bar, he writes to Earl Grey : From accidental circumstances I find myself placed in a situation which enables me to command a considerable degree of success in the profession of the law, and however odious that profession is (as God knows there are few things so hateful), I am quite clear that it would be utter folly in us to neglect so certain a prospect." Anticipating the opposition which he was destined to encounter in the pursuit of the honours of the law, at a period when Eldon did his utmost to retard the advancement of barristers who opposed the Tory party, he remarks in the same letter : " " The worst of all this is, that it forces me to five up everything political, and in prudence should keep me clear of all party views and connexions, for these, I daily see, are almost fatal to professional men. Now here lies my great and only difficulty. I could cease to think of a seat in Parliament, or, should I ever obtain one, I could manage to keep such an occupation very subordinate-that is easy enough ; but to take no side in questions where my opinions happen to be all pretty strong, where I cannot help feeling interested both in the actors and in the subject, would be next to impossible, cost what it may. So that I am in this dilemma, that one party stands plump in the way on every occasion, because I am politically attached to the other, while that other must of course in every case leek to the interests of each lawyers as are directly engaged with them in politics in short, do what I can, I am likely to be too much a politician for one set of men, and too much a lawyer for the other. This is a real dilemma for I need only hint at Scarlett's case to show what power the Chancellor for the time being has over a man's professional advancement-I mean by withholding a eilkgown." More than one Lord Chancellor of modern time could be mentioned whose knowledge of the law was slight but Lord Brougham is perhaps the only instance in our legal annals of an advocate who, whilst cherishing a strong aversion to his profession, joined himself to what Lord Campbell liked to call the Marble Chair. 