TOWN TALK. There was a large crowd and great ex citement at the Winchelsea Shire Hall, where the local land board sat on Friday. An eye witness describes the scene as a very lively .one. '' Several hundred persons were assembled round the building, and each time the door was opened there was a de termined rush of stalwart applicants. One old woman was nearly crushed to death, .and cried like a child. Eventually Mr Moore posted notices outside of the allot ments that would be dealt with, and the order in which the applicants lor tne dif ferent parishes would he admitted, aud this had the effect of allaying the excitement and putting an end to the disorder that previously prevailed. The mode ot dealing with the applications was in some instances an extremely simple one. There was no I . "Weeding out, and no taking of special claims and circumstances into consideration. I ■ The application forms were turned back upwards, piled on each other like packs of cards, and having been sifted by Mr I . Moore, a young woman wa s employed to draw the successful forms. The usual process of : selecting the most eligible applicants was,, however, most generally adopted, and met With most approval. The board consisted of Messrs Hopkins, M.L.A., H. B. Moore, and S-. A-Bryant, and there were upwards of 400 applications. Applications were received for allotments in the parishes of Birregurra, Carrab, Carung-e-Muraong, Murgheboluc, Modewarre, Mnrdeduke, Mnrroon, rind Lake IVbollard, and the after • noon was well advanced when the board lose. An accident occurred to a well known resident ofliannockburn, Mr John Nichol son, as he was returning home, afier Laving been unsuccessful with his application. He Was crossing Mr Austin's paddock, when his horse shied at some of the passing vehicles, and he was thrown to the ground, rupturing the ligaments of his right ancle. He was snbseqnently admitted" to the hos pital. The sittings of the Circuit Court will Commence this morning, at tea o'clock, !«rheh it is to be presumed that as usnal the criminal calendar will be first proceeded With. If ao, juries in civil cases will pro hably be dismissed for tbe day. As there is likely to be a great crowd of witnesses, we wonld suggest to Inspector Palmer that it will be advisable to see they are provided with sitting accommodation. This can easily be done, by allowing none but wit nesses or jurymen to enter into the lower portion of the hall. If it is not done tbe place will be rushed with idlers, for whom the gallery has been provided, and those who have business in the Court will be put great inconvenience. It is anticipated the sittings will occupy at least tbe whole ot the week. The news received on Saturday respect ing the crops in the Bellarine and Barra bools districts—our two local granaries— was the reverse of cheerful, and it is to be feared that onr farmers are not to reap the bountiful harvests they so confidently anti cipated a month or two ago. The rust, it is said, has made its appearance in the wheat and oats in the first-mentioned dis trict, where the wheat is just coming into ear. Mr Donald M'Andrew, one of the oldest residents, states that he never saw wheat worse affected by the rust than it is on several farms. Mr Ford's wheat is very had, and some self-sown oats on Mr Wil liamson's farm are being literally eaten away with the disease. The presence of rust is not attributed by Mr M'Andrew to bad fanning, but to the temperature of the weather, the close muggy atmosphere that we have now and again experienced this season being, he says, productive of the rust. With respect to the Barrabooi Hills, never was a greater change seen during a week than that which took place lost week. The ravages committed among; the oat crops by a disease, supposed to he the " take-all," have astonished the most expe ! rienced agricultunsts on the Hills. The j wheat is also being seriously affected, and 1 not a fanner conversed with on Saturday could account for the presence of ■: the disease—whether attributable to the tem perature or not none could say. The recents frosts have also done their evil work among the potato crop3 on the hills, in some places acres of the " Irish fruit" have been totally destroyed. An important meeting of the general committee of the Geelong Kegatta is con vened for this evening at the: Victoria Hotel. On Saturday a deputation consist ing of Capt. Le Neveu, Major Heath, Messrs Asche, Green, and the Secretary. waited upon the Hon. the Treasurer to prefer a request that-excursion trains should run tram Melbourne and Ballarat to Geelong on the day of the Regatta, Thursday, ,24th November, the tickets to be available for return up to the following Monday. Mr Berry received the applica tion favorably, and recommended the depu tation to apply to the Hon. the Commis sioner of Railways, whom he had no doubt would readily grant their request. The Town Council will meet to-day at noon, when a portion of the business will be the election of a Mayor for the munici pal year commencing on the 9th of Nov. Two requisitions are now being numer ously signed in Barwon ward, calling upon Mr Couves and Mr Lawrence' Ryan to come foward for the representation of the ward in the Town Council. Mr Douves is' alluded to as the old representative of the ward, he having been elected as its repre sentative on three different occasions, and as having been for four years its alderman. The friends of both gentlemen are sanguine of success, as are also the friends of the re tiring councillor, Mr T. B. Hunt, who' intends tc seek re-election. There will, therefore, probably be an exciting contest. It is also rumoured that it is proposed to nominate Mr T. B. Hunt for Sardinia Ward, for the representation of which Mr ■Morris seeks re-election, and for which Messrs Goodwin and Langhorne ire can didates., The residents of Bellaririe Ward are, it is said, determined to have one of their own resdents as their representative, and Messrs Whitelaw and Barrow are spoken of as candidates. It is also the in tention of Councillor Noonan to seek re election for this ward. In Villamanta Ward no opposition is expected to the re-election of the -Mayor. Messrs Barrel! and Stoneman will, it is said, offer them selves as candidates for the vacancy in Thomson Ward, caused by the retirement of Councillor Holdsworth through effluxion of time, so that altogether we are likely to have a busy month. On Saturday forenoon a child between two and three years of age, named. Albert Henry Sargeant, was accidentally drowned at the premises of his parents in Villamanta street. He was missed from the yard, where he had been playing, and a search having been instituted, the body was dis covered by the servant in a sunken tank used for the storage of rain water, the cover of which had been removed. Half an hoar had elapsed from the time he was pre viously seen, aud although he was imme diately removed from the water, and medical assistance procured, all. .attempts to restore life proved unavailing. An inquest was held the same afternoon, before the district coroner, when a verdict of accidental death from drowning was returned. There will be a meeting of the Council of the borough of South Barwon this after noon at 4 o'clock. The business will be to consider and order on reports of commit tees and tenders for maintenance of the roads. - Among other actions that arc to be tried by the Circuit Court, this week, in its civil jurisdiction, is that of " Douglass v the National Bank," in which the plaintiff seeks to recover £2000 damages, the bank having declined to honour some of his cheques in December lost. £20 has been paid into court. It is expected that Judge Fohlman will preside at the Circuit Court. The testing of the samples of wines for warded for exhibition at the show of the Geeloug and Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society, took place on Saturday, at the office of the secretary, Moorabool street. There was a large number of exhibits, and on this account, together with the difficulty of deciding where the qualities of the wine were much alike, the judges found their duties more arduous than was anticipated, aud a portion of the examination had to be postponed till this afternoon. So far as the decisions have -.been made the following will appear as prize-takers :—Messrs Weber, Best, N. Knight, Dappler, Hopton, and Muhlebach. James Splatt, a waggoner, belonging to Cressy, met with an accident on Saturday, while# camping at Inverleigh. - He was engaged grooming his horses, and standing between two of them, when he was kicked on the side of the head, and a deep wound inflicted across his left cheek. Fortunately there was no fracture, and nothing worse than temporary inconvenience is likely to result. The agitation that has recently been going on respecting the observance of the Sabbath induced the Lev. Geo. Goodman to choose for his text, 011 Sunday, the 27th and "28th verses of the 2nd chapter of St. Murk—" And he said unto them the Sab bath rvas made for man, and not man for the Sabbath ; therefore the son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." The rev. gen tleman then proceeded to show that the Sabbath was made for man from the very first, both by the Jewish law and by our Saviour. He argued that the necessity of making one day in seven a day of rest was recognised by every nation, and if we accepted the ten commandments as our guide we ought to foliow every one of them, and necessarily that which com manded us to keep the Sabbath holy. The Son of Man being the Lord of the Sabbath, ■we ought to delight on that day in spiritual enjoyment, but by no means to make it a day of pleasure in the common acceptation of the word. The be3t proof of its divine origin, he said, was to be found in the fact that the day of rest had been recognised so many years, and had been observed by so many millions of people. He contended, however, that the Sabbath was elastic, inasmuch as in matters of emergency man was • allowed to do other things on that day beyond spiritual enjoy ment, and therefore the Sabbath was made for man. Still he maintained: the day of j rest was the right of every citizen, and the man that caused people to work on that day inflicted a great wrong upon them, and those who provided amnsement on a Sabbath were robbing more people than they thought, of the right to which they were entitled by dirine l»w. Once estab Ilish the Sabbath -as a day of pleasure, be said, and it would soon, become a day of work, we should, therefore, jealously watch our privilege, or we should soon be deprived of it. A local land board will sit at Colac to day. The witnesses for the Crown in the case of Geary and wife who are to be tried for a murder at Colac many years ago, were brought down by special coach last evening from Coiac. We observe that one of the speakers at the meeting on Saturday, with regard to the sugar-beet question, re ferred to a plant being obtainable for £700 that would turn out 10 tons of sugar weekly. That is a mistake. It would work up 10 tons of roots weekly—a slight difference. A singnlar incident occurred during the examination of the Tichborne claimant, which certainly tells in his favor. It is i stated by a Victorian gentleman—the Hon. ] T. H. Fellows, we believe, who was pre sent at the trial—that when the artist who executed so good a caricature of the claimant for an illustration in the Graphic news paper was in court, he was asked if be I could see any other persons in court bear i ing any resemblance to claimant. He looked round the court, and traced a re semblance in six or seven persons, we are not exactly certain how many. With none of these persons was he acquainted, but on enquiry - it was found they all beled toong the Tichborne familv. . The damson crop has been seriously in jured by the frost that was experienced a few nights ago. Mr Hopton, of Fjans ford, states that nearly all the blossom of the damsons and other early varieties of plums that were just beginning to set has been destroyed. The cherries and some other kinds of fruit that were either later or better advanced have escaped damage. That. hares continue to be tolerably numerous on the Barrabool Hills, notwith standing the threats held out about 'shoot ing them, is proved by the fact that one day last week no fewer than five were seen by Mr Leigh to enter his garden in Indian file, aad gambol about as if they had no reason to fear danger, and they were right, for although Mr Leigh had a gun close at hand he did not use it. A "Bourdon pedal" has now been added to the organ in Christ Church, and has served to make this fine instrument com plete. Its merits will be fully tested this evening, when Mr Dumergue intends to give an " organ recital." A great treat is anticipated by all lovers of organ music. On Friday evening Constable D'Arcy, of Newtown, arrested a man named David Appley alias Humphrey, who is charged on warrant with having stolen a gold watch, value £40, from the person of Jane Smith, of Carlton, on the 12tn instant. The prisoner, who was described among the list of ' wanteds* in the Police Gazette, was brought before the bench at the Police Fourt, on Saturday, and remanded till Monday. _ That f the desire to purchase land in the vicinity of Geelong is very great was proved on Saturday, when fully three hundred persons I attended at Mr Levy's auction rooms. ? 187 acres at Point Henry fetched five guineas per acre, the purchaser being Mr Daniel, whilst a portion adjoining this' farm and containing 9a. 2r. on which was built a small house, realised as much as £160, or nearly £16 17s per acre, the pur chaser being Mr William Saunders. A five acre allotment in Germantown was sold to Mr Benari for £60. A full rehearsal is to be held this evening by the choir of St. Mary's Church. In his second lecture on the Church of Ephesus, .given last night, the Kev. Mr Fraser noticed the strange consistency of her high religious character with a state of spiritual decline. She was laborious in her activities, strict in her discipline, pure in her doctrine,-yet declining in personal love to Christ. It must have been a painful duty to the Apostle John to pen this charge against Ephesus, for it was the city of his own labours, and of all divine graces, he had most diligently inculcated love. Yet in 1 that special respect this church was most | deficient. Ministers might therefore be disappointed in the very directions in which they had most zealously laboured | and most reasonably hoped for success. ; Tii is was not the normal but an exceptional condition of things, and I could no more be explained or clas sified under a general law than an- I favourable seasons or failures in the crops on which the farmer had bestowed most labour, and adopted the most skilful pre cautions.^ Our own experience bore wit ness to the possibility of this strange | doublcness in religion, which might run in the grooves of religious activity after the , fire of love had -expired. This decline of personal attachment to Christ was a grave sin which, if persisted in, would be visited j with, ecclesiastical extinction. The lec turer then traced the course of the back slider from the first symptoms of decay to j his gradual merging with the world, and remarked that three things were neces sary to his recovery—retrospection, repent ance, and return to his first works. The penalty of impenitent backsliding was the j removal of the candlestick oat of its place, which, however, was not finally inflicted on the Church of Ephesus till Mabometanism overspread the whole of Asia Minor. He enlarged on the dreadfulness of this judg ment—being deprived of the Gospel—and drew a melancholy picture of the present desolation of Ephesus compared with its former splendour, and said that now not a single Christian was to be found within its walls. This awful consummation was reached, not by any sadden and visible act of divine judgment, but by allowing the moral laws of the human mind to operate in the usual way, and permitting men to follow the sins they loved, and to be over whelmed with the falsehood they courted. He described the Nicolaitanes as those who sought to introduce licentiousness into the church under the cloak of Christian freedom, and explained the promise of the tree of life as conveying the assurance of undecaying life and steadfastness in Heaven to those who overcame their backsliding tendencies. The entire lecture was deeply experimental, fitted and intended to quicken spiritual life, and to arrest the progress of decay. As will be seen by advertisement, a meeting is to be held to-morrow afternoon which all persons wishing to subscribe for the cost of the defence in the action, Eeid v. Cakebread, are invited to attend. In the building of the Supreme Court house the Government does' not appear to have studied the comfort of jurors at- all. Their retiring room is one of the most un comfortable in the whole of the building. This was felt to be the case by the jury in the case of Keid v Cakebread, on Thurs day, when, although the weather was cold aiid miserable, there was no fire provided. Like all the other windows in the building the one in their room rattled most unplea santly, and appeared to admit draughts from all points of the compass. The seats were as hard as wood could make them, and two candles guttering away in the wind only tended to make darkness more visible, and give a ghost-like appearance to any one of the four unfortunates who approached the flickering flame .to try and read his notes by the very small illuminating power of the candles. Perhaps it would not be well to make the jury room too luxurious— juries would be too long in considering their verdicts—still the place might be made mere decent. ^ It is stated that certain persons at the Duck Ponds are in the habit of setting the law, with reference to the close season for game, at defiance, and that at Lara Lake there are persons who regularly lie in wait for the purpose of shooting the swans and ducks, which frequent that vicinity in large numbers at present. "Woman" was the subject of a lec ture by the Dev. Mr Foynder, at the Drysdale school-room, on Friday evening, when, notwithstanding the. nn unfavourable weather, a fair audience col lected, who listened with mark :d interest to the lecturer. The proceeds go to the funds of the new Church of England. A beginning. has at last been made with the^ latter, and the. bishop is expected at an early date to lay the foundation stone. Mr Bunce, curator of the Botanical Gar- dens, desires to acknowledge with thanks, from Captain. Duguid, of the Juliet, per Captain Clark, of the Western Empire, a large collection of seeds of large flowers and dwarf rose and paeony asters; also, a fine variety of seeds of hearts-ease and fancy geraniums, from choice sorts. The entertainment at the Temperance Hall this evening promises to be as interesting as any of its recent pre decessors, nearly thirty pieces being set down on the programme. The Herald says:—A circumstance «f great importance to Melbourne, and indeed to the whole colony, has occurred to-day (Saturday). A gentleman has taken up and secured sixty-three acres of land, covering a coal-field, within thirty- five miles of Melbourne, and within the limits of our Boy. The coal is of a very superior quality. A cimpauy is now being formed to open the mine. A large business is now being done at the Portarlington brick and tile factory, and Mr Widdicomb's " patent bond brick" which is to be used for building purposes instead of iron is highly spoken of. Mr Cakebread is the Geelong agent. The Argus says a Royal commission has been appointed, consisting of the Hon. J. J. Casey, M.L.A., chairman, the Hon. George Rolfe, Mr Wm. Austen Zeal, M.L.A., Mr John Rout Hopkins, M.L.A,, and Mr James Thomas Harconrt, to report on the sanitary condition of the children in the Industrial Schools, to enquire how far the buildings in which the schools are at present held are suitable for their purpose, and whether some of the children could he re moved with advantage to one of the build ings at the Sanitary Station, Point Ne pcan. The rent of the following run has been reduced to the amount now given—Loutit Bay, £30. " Compelles" in the Latin quotation id the leader of Saturday should have been "compedes":—" Faber compedes, quas fecit ipse, gestet." The man, John Lansdale, charged with assaulting a girl of weak mind, at Chewton, has been committed for trial. An awfully sudden death occurred at Williamstown on Friday afternoon accord ing to the Argus. A woman named Elizabeth Moir, the wife of a boatman in the employ of Messrs Elwortby and Dob bin, shipping butchers, went to the residence of Mr Figg, surgeon, accompanied by a female friend, for the purpose of haviDg an operation performed on one of her hands. She was placed under chloroform, and during the time of the operation, Mrs Moir was observed to change colour and become exceedingly restless. Efforts were at onee made to bring the woman to her senses, and a galvanic battery was used for that purpose, but without success, and she died almost immediately. The deceased, who was only 29 years old, was considered to be a healthy woman. She was the mother of four, children. The Weit Coast Times (N.Z.) says:— " Sir W. F. Stawell, Chief Justice of Vic toria, arrived in Hokitika on Thursday night by the Christchurch coach. He paid a visit to the literary and reading room." The Board of Education proposes, at the expiration of one month, unless some satisfactory reason be shewn, to appoint the following gentlemen members of the Modewarre school, No. 369 : — Thomas Yates, Simon Bond, John Thomas Piper, William Hurst, Edward Ash. The Hokitika Leader says: A melancholy ease of suicide has occurred at Christ- ' church. It appears that a married couple named Grimshaw, recently arrived from England, were occupants of a house situate next Allenton House. For sometime past the husband has been unable to obtain employment, and his wife has, in conse quence, been in'a desponding state. On Fri day afternoon the husband left the house to attend a sale in town, and did not retnrn until about 5 p.m., when, on enter ing the house, he was horrified at finding his wife hanging behind the door by a piece of clothes-line, whifih had cut completely into the neck by the weight of the body. He immediately obtained assistance, and the body was cut down, medical assistance being sent for, but life was extinct. We take from the Government Gazette the following description of the ruffian who assaulted the girl at Beaufort: — He is described as aged 20, five feet seven inches high, of medium build, with features rather thin, brown and sunburnt, little or no hair on the face, hair on the head short and of a colour not known, small dark-brown eyes, lower arms snnburnt as if from ex posure. He wore old yellow moleskin trousers, and had his head and face covered with a black silk handkerchief, which slipped off during the commission of the offence. The following property was found close to the scene of the outrage, and may perhaps be traced to the owner:—A nearly square piece of- old yellow moleskin, which had evidently formed a patch on some recently washed garment worn by a person mining or working with clay; two small pieces of old twilled calico wall lining, with pieces of wall paper adhering (with these the offender tied the complainant); the black silk head covering referred to above; a long strip of Scotch twill, torn from a man's shirt; a large piece of very old calico lining, and some old hay bands. Hewitt and Harris, the pedestrians, are to leave New Zealand for Melbourne, shortly. The Hawkes' Bay Herald (N. Z.,) states that Karaitiana has given notice that he will move that the native race be repre sented in the Upper House, and that one of the Executive be a Maori; also, that Euro peans be permitted to vote for the election of Maori representatives. Mr Vogel, in his report laid before the New Zealand Parliament, remarks on this subject:—"I instituted inquiries as to the possibility of carrying out the provisions of ' The Submarine Telegraph Act, 1870,* and thus connecting New Zealand with Australia by means of a cable. I found that there was no prospect of Her Majesty's Government entertaining any proposition for the construction of a cable ; nor, in presence of '.the not decided opinion as to the permanence of long ocean lines, and prospect of private capital being forth coming for the work unless a guarantee were given. It will be for the colony to consider whether other steps should be taken for the construction of the line, and, if so, whether a guarantee should be given, or a cable be provided by means of bor rowed capital At Christchurch (N.Z.), Clara Nocks, a girl 16 years old, has been sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment for peijury. 