EVERYBODY'S BAKE? The portrait of Everybody's Baby, done in miniature, is worn next everybody's heart. Being so common, why so precious? Answer! oh mother Nature ; for the secret lies with you. As spring - daisies in the grass, as morning clouds about the sun tinted with the colours of the dawn, so are the inexhaustible, ever-welcome babies, who, so say the old nurses, " bring their love with them.": The little breathing promise, apt to get red in. the face upon the slightest emotion (mostly of the physical order), but showing no other signs of mental vivacity, began life by turning the bouse topsy-turvy— a process to which -everybody (not usually .too. good-tempered) submitted with .as tonishing patience. Necessity knows no law, and, said a friend of mine, is also the " mother of . in- , yention. Necessity commanded, and everybody obeyed. Bound that little pivot revolve the household hours. Booms change their destination as if the inmates were playing at old coach. Gome times the drawing-room (in a, moderate household) becomes a bedroom," the dining-room becomes B' salon, the dinner retreats to the breakfast room, and master sleeps in the library. This is apt to . take place when it is the first baby.' Number — two arid number three sure not born under, jsuch refined auspices (that is to eay, the drawing-room curtains), nor on such golden ground as the Smyrna carpet on which the first baby's winking eyes rested. We pass by three months. . Everybody's baby, . after having made its entry amidst loud rejoicings " and eager (admiring) criticism, subsided for twelve weeks into the condition of an absorbent human sponge. Suddenly, at the end of the third month, the tiny creature gave the ghost of a smile — a faint, feeble flicker, like the glimmer of the Northern Lights, through which the stars (its soft, uncertain eyes) showed dimly. Everybody' baby plainly had an idea. Do not laugh; dear reader. I think it can be metaphysically proved that a smile, however faint, must be called np by an idea, however vagne. To the metaphysicians I leave it ; but am myself sure that when eveiy- body's baby gave its first smile, it expressed hy the gesture " How nice i" It was more grateful in its innocent heart for a dancing flame, or a bit of red ribbon in its mother's hair, or the graving branph of a white hawthorn in Its father's garden, than we sometimes ; are for the liveliest literature or the most refined art. From ihtf to day the smile grew stronger, until at four months Old the creature became a wonderful mixture' of imbecility and wisdom preternaturally wue m the solemn; expression of its brow and eyes, pathetically imbecile as regards the litile fighting hands, always aiming at nothing, and falling ; Oil the end of its own soft nose. Moreover, everybody's baby is made up of the most contradictory moral qualities;" Tt looks innocent and sweet, particularly when asleep ; a kind of pure transparence, like that of living ala baster is on its tender face. Yet did yon evvr ' know the creature content to; be hungry or 'pn- comfortable for a. single instant without calling attention, to the tfact. at the top 'of its lungB ?' What so imperious as: everybody's baby ? Neffher ftolomon nor Xerxes, with all their myriads, ever managed to be so well attended to tis this little despot. " Milk for one" iB passed from mouth to mouth of his obsequious waiter, ' provided he .be that frequent circumstance — a bottle-fed baby. If riot, then his motheris his loved-Blave, and he ties himself to her apron- string with -s will that bides no brooking. The mannikin knows, . doubtlfiss, , that its extreme weakness renders tkis couise: of conduct necessary, and is imperious, from sheer lack of ability to command. It -answers ; as a general rule nobody neglects everybody's baby ! Seeing, indeed, the helplesness of the creature it has occurred to me to wonder how-those countless myriads of babies which have been inall lands sif co tile wbrld bcan j ever.got throngh theirfirst,jear. Little dogs and little cats shake their pawtiaiid£heir tails, and soon learntostaggermid tumble into active life j >littl® parrots learn oJabbeaJittle tigers to scrateh and pajmce. But eyerybody,'s baby is dependent on the loom and the ' kniltirig needle, on being washed with godd" soap fin ®6a- don), on being riursed, cuddled, and?pdj:ted l®nd .1 not one single thing can it dio fQt. itel£. ' Think of the children in Pharaoh's time. . Little Moses was but one of millions ! Think' of. the injmit South Sea Islanders— of the infant Patagoriians— of all the bklnes who lived in Mexico under Montezuma — of all in Bussia .'and the : United States at this present day ! What a vast helpless multitude, all relying in blind confident ana nob without reason, on aomebody else's oare l 1 t; That somebody answers nobly to thb erill. Nature has proviaed for that. Not motiters only, but nurses, big &nd; littie — from the rifling power in a gentleman's nursery down to the little hire ling in the street. One hears much of the ixmocenoe and heavenly charms of little infants ; but no writer bar yet done justioe to their wholesome absurdity. We f repeat it, madam, — wholesome absurdity. H a healthy sense of humotir were lost to the world, if we were all wiseacres and full of solemn head- . aches, the lost faculty of being refreshed by the .. ridiculous would be restored by the first baby. We are' not told whether ot no our first pavents laughed in Paradise while as yet all went well. But assuredly the quaint tricks of the first human infant brought a smile to its father's face, which exile, with all its terrors, could not wholly quench;- In the works-ofan eminent theologian; is- to be found a remarkable observation about humour The author, speaking of the attributes' of God, and the evident truth that all faculties and qualities displayed in Creation have their root in the Divine Nature, observed that perhaps the only quality which we find it impossible to' harmonise with our limited comprehension of that Nature is humour, as displayed in the monkey, the . kitten, etc. We quoter this famous -passage from memoiy, BUggesting thatthe peculiar mixture of innocence ; and drollery shown by everybody's baby illustrates J the possibility of humour being native to the courts of heaven. Do the little cherubs , never | play F Are the baby angels in Raffaelle'js pictures with their wings so nicely folded behind their ! plump shoulders, less gay-hearted than everybody s J baby down here below ? There is an old legend which tells us that the infant Jesus, playing with ! St. Jphn, moulded birds of clay, and bade them J fly away, "to the great delight of all. the Jewish I children. It is well known that in Germany . to this day the Christ child brings presents on Christ- mas night to all the good . children; - Of course I everybody's baby is the best of children, and I worthy to share with the little ,cherubs -and ;the baby siigfllw in all the good: things belonging to j flip sfl.r>rftd Reason. 1 Laugh bn, my darling! Be sure they also laughed of whom a divine voice said, "Suffer the little children to come unto me, for off.such is the w. .._i 1" . jviagaomor neuvvu . Bessie paeees-Bsixoa —St. PauVs Magaiine. . . . 