SIR WALTER SCOTT'S CENTENARY. On Wednesday evening the Centenary of Sir Walter Scott was celebrated by a banquet in the Masonic Hall. The hall was tastefully decorated and about 70 gentlemen were present. The chair was taken by Dr. Bad ham. His Ex cellency Earl Belmore was present. Dinner being ended, the chairman proposed in succes sion the Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wale?, the Governor, and the Army, Navy and Volunteers. Professor Badham next proposed 'The memory of Sir Walter Scott.' In doing so he said:— Ladies and gentlemen, I must now en treat your forbearance whilst I enter upon a task which has been allotted to me this evening. I was going to say that it was a task to which I was totally unequal — meaning thereby the task of praising Sir Walter Scott. But who is equal to it ? The greatest speaker that ever lived, the man who should be most pregnant in fanes', most rich in observation, most graeefully flexible in language, could never come up to anything like praising one who has been consecrated in the memories of a great and powerful country. (Applause.) I cannot therefore undertake to praise him. For what would this praise be ? It would be praising one whose praise had long ago sunk into deep and permanent ad miration — an admiration to which none of you would think of giving utterance. And who am I tbat I should give utterance to those thoughts which you yourselves are content to leave as thoughts, to leave unuttered, but desire to trans mit to your children ? (Applause .) Well if this is the case, how am I to handle the subject ? Am I to embark into a dissertation ? Is this a time, is this the place, for a lecture upon the pe culiar merits of Sir Walter Scotfc, either as a poet or as a novelist ? No doubt a great many very excellent disquisitions might be made by competent persons upon the variety of his characters, upon the applicability of those characters to the history of the times, upon the history of the times themselves, how far this or that saying was a real explanation of the times he attempted to describe. Or, taking it in a larger way, how far Sir Walter Scott had encouraged the true study of history, or how far he had been meritorious in originating that romantic period, as the French had agreed to call it, that romantic period of literature which, at all events, if it did nothing else, sent into utter darkness the miser able pseudo classicalities which preceded it. All these and a hundred other subjects a man might discourse upon, if he thought it his province to make a dissertation, or if he thought it suited this place or the memory of this great man, to be lecturing upon him here. But I have no such aims. I have neither the preparation nor the phraseology, nor have 1 that utter want of the sense of time and place which should prompt me if I knew ever so much about these subjects, and could ever so well count upon an audience, to protane tbis solemnity by introducing matters which are at least pedantic. We have not come here to celebrate great talents. We have come here to perform an act of solemn commemoration for great benefits received . 1 see of course by that interruption that you under stand to what benefits I allude. But yet let me point out to you some few of these benefits. The Duchess of Wellington, the wife of the great Captain — and I have this anecdote upon the authority of the physician who attended her, who was a friend of our family, Sir Henry Hal lord — She uucness oi v- emngcon, a rew monuis before her death, sent to Sir Walter Scott to thank him most specially for the many hours of relief and comfort which his works had affor ded her during a long and hopeless illness. Are there not many here — are there not many, not only iu the Australian colonies, but still more in the mother-country — who can match that anec dote with anecdotes in their own family. (Ap plause.) I for one can remember dear faces pin ing, pining almost too much to express the in ward agony with which they were convulsed — I can remember bringing into their eyes gleams of joy, gleams at least of cheerfulness and almost of joy, whilst I was using the wand of this powerful enchanter to beguile their sufferings. This, I believe, is one of the greatest benefits that Sir Walter Scott has bestowed upon all — not only upon those who speak the English language, but also upon all those to whom the English language s accessible, even through tr aD stations. I believe he has written a book that has gone into more households, into more European countries, or countries where there is the slightest tinge of European civilization, than any other. It is easier, more accessible, less dogmatic, I will not say that bis works are the greatest of all works ; but they are the most invading and permeating of any works that I know of. (Applause.) It is not only in sickness, but »lso for us who are in health, to enjoy. How many a weary sus pense, how many an hour of enforced idleness, wuen pernaps we miguii uu.vt- uecu louuitiug ui worse things, if we had not had that to occupy us ? How many an hour of wearisomeness and disgust, occasioned by petty cares or petty squabbles, hare we — I will not say sanctified — but purified by alighting upon a volume of the Waverly Novels just at the right time, and by giving our fancies to be purified of their un wholesome contents, by some magic scene he may have conjured up. I say then, we come here to commemorate a benefactor. But all rixcnf men nf opniiin avfl hp.iififanfcnrsi fo tih. Tinfc there is this distinction — that Sir Walter Scott, by pursuing a humbler kind of literature — as confessedly it was, for he himself stooped from poetry, in order to adopt it— contrived to intro duce himself with, that noiseless and unobtrusive sympathy, and come into the palace or the cot unannounced, unheralded, and yet making him self welcome even almost before he is recognised. He comes with such a stealthy sweetness upon as that we may hail him not only as our bene factor, but as our beneficent friend. (Applause.) 1 said that 1 Bhould not praise this great man — I said also that I should not give you any dissertation upon this great man; but I am tempted to say some few words, not by way of dissertation, but to show a certain discrimina tion, or rather a certain spirit of detail, in com memorating his services. He is the great consoler who has smoothed many a pillow. He is the great consoler who has made many a voy age supportable, who has made many an anxious trying week or month, whatever time it may be, a little less unendurable. But surely we are all glad to recall the sources by which he has done it. What are these enchantments which he has had in his hands ? Now, I wish that in place of being surrounded by various devices formed of Australian plants and ferns and the rest of it, I could just put round this room a few pictures illustrat;ve of his great sceueB. I wish I could represent to you now some of the great scenes which have arisen under the wand of his en chantment. I wish I could. I can, you can, any one of us can. For there is that power even in the name of our enchanter. At the mention of Sir Walter Scott, what arises amongst us ? What arises before our eyes ? Rebecca and the Templar ; Bailie Nicol Jarvie— that inimitable character — then again the clerk of Copmanhurst carousing with Richard. And then again there is— bat I dare not trust myself. And why should I be peopling this room with all kinds of phantoms? If I do that, this magician is so powerful that perhaps the ghosts might jostle each other and create considerable confusion. And now there is one more thing which we need not shirk in the case of Sir Walter Scott. Often you will hear praises of an author, and then either an ominous silence or that lightness of allusion which is often more ominous than silence as to the man. But we fear no criticism of Sir Walter Scott. Because the man in this case is Buch a man, such a thorough, honest man. (Applause.) He is not only a sickly man, appealing to the public in; his own sentimental and subjective inertness. He is a man not moody and morose, but thoroughly healthy. Not challeng ing the worship of people to his gloom, as if his gloom or moroseness was a sympton of duty. And lastly, if I must descend into a lower allusion, he is a thoroughly upright man who disdains to create applause by suggesting voluptuous images from which every healthy mind turns away with loathing. He re presents a time which has been much maligned, chiefly by lectures upon the Georges and others ; but a time which, after all, was a time of very manly men — for it was a time of Wellington and of Nelson — a time of men of great courage, a time of courage also in the Cabinet. He sym pathised with all this manliness because he was manly himself. If you want to see an exuber ance of his manliness, just look at his heroines. I do not mean the heroines of particular indivi duals. Heroines of novels are those happy individuals whom we can generally dispose of in marriage before we get to the end of the story. They go through mild temptations and easy kinds of dangers, and at last get married. But the heroines of Sir Walter Scott were of a far different character. They are Flora M'lvor and Jeannie Deans — people who are never married, and never settle down comfortably — (laughter and cheers! — the unoarochial neonle with, whom I am sure more than one of my hearers has acute sympathy. He could not perhaps deal quite juBtly with the tamer kind of feminine character. With his female characters there was all tht- lustre and all the grace of womanhood ; but there was also that hardness which your dapper, sentimental adventurers omit. He despised all low female adulations. He was a man who kept unsullied his youth in all its purity as the great est offering which he could lay at the shrine of his future bride. I refer you to his son in-law for that. Then I am reminded that he had his faults. But we do not shrink from his fault. They were, not of that sickly kind that we could not look them in the face. He lived so much in the world of romance and nobleness that ho detested vul garities. I do not mean vulgarities as a cockney would understand them ; but the vulgarities of society from top to bottom. He so hated them that he moved himself from the world, and went into a half-fanciful wotld of his own. He be lieved in an old feudal time, that I for one strongly doubt whether it ever existed. But he believed in it and tried to transfer himself into it, and tried to make AbbotBford some such a seat as an old castle in the earlier days. He tried to combine the refinement of the beginning of the nineteenth century with all the virtues which he believed belonged to centuries preceding. 1 think there was some historical confusion in his mind, and a considerable amount of imagina tion in his view. All this wrought powerfully upon a man who was intended and was born to be the great story teller; the great reviver of all that was noble in the middle ages, and all that had been noble since amongst that false classicality to which I have alluded. With all this fancy in him, with a natural ambition to transmit his name and not allow his family to dwindle away and be submerged, he dreamed that unhappy dream of Abbotsford. Then came hard work, disppointment, and bankruptcy. What gene rally comes next to men after bankruptcy? The most heroic and contented acquiescence in the loss of their creditors. But he felt nothing of that kind. That is where the man came out. He felt towards every creditor to whom he owed a shilling the same as he would feel if he had lost a shilling himself. And he strove and worked — work., in comparison to which the work of the limbs is nothing. He wrought upon that tremendous brain of his, until it fairly broke down, without complaint or mur mur. My own father met him just before he died, and he said to him, 'I am afraid you are rather lame ?' ' Lame, Sir, not at all ; but one year ago I was the strongest man in Scotland, and now I scarcely feel myself a man at all.' Here was the heroic old fellow dying to satisfy his creditors. Now, the end of all this, we have come here to commemorate a man who has relieved our anxious momenta, who has sup plied us with the means of relieving far more terrible moments, and more than moments, oi suffering, to those wa. *. . ^a., -,u u . He was himself a great pattern of all the best English and Scottish virtues, and' of Irish too. ' He is a man who has taken a large share iu our litera ture and has given it a moral and useful tendency — useful, 1 added, on account of the many Scotch gentlemen present this evening. 1 call upon you not to drink to the health ot, the mem ory of, or anything else : but simply call upon you to perform a solemn act of commemoration to one of those few men whom Providence vouchsafes to bestow upon a somewhat miscel laneous congregation of persons, who are called civilised, from time to time — condescends to bestow them in order to relieve them from utter barbarism. I call upon you to record your thankfulness in any way you lik«-, eitht-r by drinking or thinking, to the memory of Sir Walter Scott. The toast was received in solemn silence. Other toasts followed in quick succession, and the company shortly af*- rwar-is separated. ? -«? ? 