BRISBANE. Wednesday, 6 p.m. THE RAILWAY DEBATE. In the Legislative Assembly, the Kail way De- bate waa resumed yesterday afternoon, and lasted until half-past twelve o'clock. All the galleries were crowded willi anxious listeners. Mr. Scott's amendment was finally carried on the following division -. Ayes 16. Noes IS. Mr. Welsh Mr. M'Devitt Palmer O'Dohcrly de Satg6 The Opposition then left the House in a body, as a protest against the voting for Scott's Select Committee, strangers cheering heartily. The galleries «ere at ones ordered to be cleared. The Committee was then elected, and con- sisted of Messrs. Scott, Handy, M'llwraith, O'Dolterty, Walsh, Wienholt, and Cribb. To-day, Meurs O'Doberty, Handy, and It'll wraith gave notice to have their names struck Up to tho present (6 p.m.) the Opposition are obstructing business. The Financial Statement will not be made this week. Thorn Forbes Ramsay Thompson Cribb Bell Wienholt Johnston Moreton Royds Bramston Ferrett Scott Lilley" Stephens Miles Jordan Fyfe Pring Edinondstone Morgan Groom Mcilwraith off. WE ere informed by tbe Postmaster that the English mail leaves Brisbane for Rockhampton, at 7 p.m. to-day (Thursday.) SLiuanTEBING LICENSES vere granted yester- day to William Norton of langton Field Farm near Cawarral, and to Jobn Vicars, for yards a North Rockhampton. TUE Orphanage Committee liare at length matured their plans, and in to-daj't issue imite tendon for the building, the plans and spécifi- ions of which may be seen at Mr. 8pong's 1 office. The Orphange is in good bands, and we hare every confidence that the work will be vigorously proceeded with. IN the Police Court on Tuesday, John Macarthur, was brought up from tbo Lunatic Reception HOUSB, whore he bad been under medical treatment, and on Dr. Salmond giving evidence that the man was fit to be at large, he «aa discharged. Yesterday morning. William Nor- ton, dairyman, of Cawarral, appeared to answer a charge preferred by Constable Burke, of slaughtering cattle for purposes of sale, not I haring n slaughtering license. It came out in I evidence that defendant killed a bullock, and ! sold half of it to Michael Burke, storekeeper, at Garry's Rush, for twenty-five shillings, reserving the remainder for his own family use. The Bench hold that there waa no proof that defen- dant slaughtered tbe beast for the purpose of selling the meat, and on that ground the case was dismissed. AH inquiry into tbe cause of death of Patrick Berry tros held by W. H. Wiseman, Esq., P.M., in the Polies Court on Tuesday morning. The witnesses examined were Constable Stretton, who recovered the body, Dr. (Salmond, who made the post mortem examination, and George Jansen, «rho was present at the time of the accident. Jansen stated that they were st the Lilymere Lagoon, duck shooting ; witness shot a duck, which fell into the water; the dogs refused to go in after it, and deceased per- sisted in doing so himself, notwithstanding that the witness Jansen tried to dissuade him, know- ing it was a dangerous place, owing to the long weeds. Deceased jumped in end got hold of the duck ¡ Janeen then called out to him to turn back. Just at that moment deceased threw away the duck, cried out " George I" and sank, never lo rise agsin. Dr. Salmond bore testimony that there were no external marke of injury on the body, and stated tho cause of death to be usphixia by drowning. Tho depo- sitions were ordered to be forwarded to the Attorney-General. Deceased was buried in the Rockhampton Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon, a (argo number of friends following his Temana to the grave. TUE Wizard is a clever fellow, hut he is apparently on bad terms with the Clerk or tlie Weather. The first evening, Monday, was com- paratively fine, and Mr. Chapman received a most flattering ovation for his astonishing feats of dexterity. On Tuesday evening the weather was gloomy and wet, and the performance was poorly attended. But Mr. Chapman went through the chief part of hts programme never- theless, and sent Bway his audionce in a elate of extreme wonderment. The magical transfer of a real live canary from a cage on the stage to a small box tied up securely with a handkerchief and held by a led in the body of the hall, and the discovery of two hen eggs in tho cage instead of the canary, was one of the most extraordinary and incomprehen- sible feats we ever witnessed. The ring delusion was equally astounding, and the heartless de- struction of a young lady's handkerchief, first with the scissors and then by fire, was the source of great consternation and hilarious merriment, which was capped by the dragging of the handkerchief in its original state out of a lemon. **Second eight" was the climax of wonders ; for " Willie," with his eyes blind- folded and standing with the back towards an object, in many coses told the owner more about it than he knew himself. Numbers on watches, for example, which it required the keenest of eyes to decipher, were unhesitatingly proclaimed by Willie in a manner thst completely non-plussed the audience. Mr. Chapman's skill ie not con- fined to manual dexterity. He keeps up such a constant fire of puns, witticisms, and quips and quirks, that the bouse is kept in s continual titter* There is no dulness in the entertainment, and the most scrupulous may with confidence take their families to witness it. In the words of a correspondent at Brisbane, " Mr. Chapman is not to be placed in the ordinary level of 'showmen,' but, as a gentleman unusually clever in his professionals entitled to the support of all who appreciate genius, whether directed to purposes of practical utility, or to providing innocent and wholesome amusement." Last night, Mr. Chapman had a good bouse in spite of the dubious aspect of the weather. The " Man 8taled up in a Sackful of Ghosts" very much astonished the audience, and the unani- mous opinion was that the Wizard is a being no fellow can understand. IlCTUBAX Ol' SiCBAMENTfl.-To parents of] children attending Government sohoola in Meir Zealand, Sr. lloran, Homan Oatholic Bishop, ha« prohibited priests dispensing the sacraments ' daring life, and burial with the Church's rites at death. The address in which this direction was fiven has been generally condemned by the 'ross and the people. PaBEOOATiTE OP GOVEBNOE3.-The new Zea- land papers print the following opinion from Professor neara ott the question raised by Mr. O. B. Barton in reference to a procedure in the recent Dunedin libel case :-" I do not tbinlc that there can be the least doubt that her Majesty may pardon before or after conviction ; that the powers af the Governor are limited by his commission and instructions ¡ and that under these instruments the Governor eiorciBcs the power of pardoning afier conviction, and uolh'wg more.-W. E. HEABir, the University of Mel- bourne, March 24,187 L." JUSTICES' JUSTICE.-As an insuwoo of tho eccentricities to which, perhaps, all Justices of thc Peace are liable, mention may bo made of an occurrence which took place at the Water Police Court recently during the . investigation of several assault eases.. A man, named William Hall, pleaded guilty to a charge of assault, and no doubt was prepared to pay the usual penalty ; but two of the acute Justices did not appear to , credit the man's confession, and held out for his discbarge. There being only four gentlemen on the Bench the numbera were divided, and the man accused escaped the penalty for an assault to which he had pleaded guilty. The two gentlemen indicated had probably recalled to memory the story of an old offender who, upon being arraigned for an offence, pleaded guilty ; but the jury knowing bim to bo au incorrigible liar, refused to believe him, end brought in a verdict of not guilty. There is another story in I circulation in reference to a culprit who, upon being asked whetliBr he was guilty or wt guilty, ! replied " How can I tell, your Honor, till I hear the evidence ?" The latter anecdote might bc ! taken as a hint by litigants at our Police Courts. -S. M. BeraUL. 