NEW CALEDONIA. THE Moniteur of 29th January reports the grant to M. de Greslan, importer of the second sugar- works, of 500 hectares of land. This grant is made in accordance with a decision of the Administra- tive Council, 8th November, 1864, offering a premium to the importer who should first furnish the colony with works prepared to manufacture 700 to 100 tons a year. Report of tith Metropolitan Intercolonial Exhibition of 1S70. — Tl ?e report of M. Duue, one of the threr commissioners appointed by the Governor of New Caledonia to represent that colony at the Exhibition held in Sydney in September last, is published in suc cessive numbers of the Momteur. He mentions several articles from New Caledonia, which arrived too late for admission into the Exhibition, such as a collection of woods from South Hay ; two bags of sugar, prepared at Roc ; three bags of coffee, from Koutio Kouete ; two samples of eugar, from St. Louis; 5 sampleBof cotton, from different localities; twelve boxes ef pre served fruit. &c.; M. Dou6 was associated in the com mission with M. Sentis, the French Consul in this city, and Mr. O. Montefiore. Having mentioned the proaucts ot isew Uiiedoma, as his own particular charge, he describes tbe general effect of the Exhibi tion ; and speaks in glowing terms of the spirit and success which marked the undertaking. The Exhibi tion building, which he designa-tes as ' Le Palate de l1 Exposition,' is described as a true monument of achitecture. The agricultural machinery seemB to have arrested liis special attention. Budget. — By decree of 4th January, 1871, the Governor sanctions the tables of receipts and expen diture published in tbe Moniteur of the 15*h, by which it appears that the estimated revenue of 1871 is 663.680 francs (about L2S 0-*10). Tbe sources of revenue are pretty numerous, including patents, timber licenses, rent of lands, land sales, postage rates on letters, &c.; The largest item is ' subvention metropolitans' — subsidy from the mother countrv— 300.000 francs. The sales and leases of land yield 154 840 francs. The estimated expenditure is jnst equal to the revenue, 603,680 francs, of which 259,000 francs is under the head of salaries in various departments, and 189,000 francs for public works Among the smaller items of special interest are 6377 francs for the support of aboriginal children receiving instruction at the Govern ment schools, 9600 francs for the hospital?, 2000 for the support of Catholic worship at Noumea, 3000 for the museum and public library, and 80,000 funics subsidy to a steam postal line between Noumea and Sydney. Visrr of the Governor to Mont d'Or (the Mountain of Gold) and St. Locis.—On the 11th January Governor de la Richerie, accompanied by his aide-de-camp and other officers, embarked on the Titerna, and visited the mission and plantation at St. Louis. He was received by the reverend fathers, attended by the colonists and kanakas of the mission; aud on his entering the new church was welcomed by the ancicnt anthem, adapted to the piesent position of France, 'Domine salvam fac Rempublicam.' His Excellency also visited the sugar-works and the cas cade, which it is thought may be made use of to supply shipping and also the town of Noumea with pure water. Monthly Communication between 'Noumea and Stdney. — According to the official Moniteur, a con tract for the monthly conveyance of passengers and public despatches has been entered into for eighteen voyages (going and returning), to commence on the arrival of the mail in Sydney on the 22nd January, 1871\. The first depatf ure for Noumea takes place this month. Tbe vessel is in every instance to leave Sydney for Noumea the day after the arrival ef the English mail from Europe. The friends of Messrs. Lyster and Smith will be glad to hear that during the last opera season at Melbourne they recouped all the losses sustained in Sydney. They have taken the Princess's Theatre at Melbourne for three years, and :ire about to convert ib into an opera house. At the end of the moi.th Offenbach's grand opera of the *lGrand Duchess of Gerolstein' is to be produced, and on the loth May the Cagli and Pompei Opera Company are cxpected to appear. New Method of Shkepwasuing —A gentleman in Maitland has kindly permitted the Mercury to take the following extract from a letter received by him from Mr. Richard Dines, dated Tulloonee, 4th February, 1871: — ''Iain busy prepaiing for washing, and am going to try something instead of spouting. -Of 'course I do not expect it ta make the wool so bright as spouting would, but I am sure I can clean the wool with less expense aud no machinery, and can wash any number per day required without any mishap. My plan is this : —I make a tank twenty-four feet long, six feet wide, four feet deep, boarded close all round the sides, battens on the bottom to let the dirt fall through; the sides to be water-tight to keep all the yoke in this soak-pen. The sheep will be thoroughly soaked ; then they will be caught by tbe forelegs, and dipped back downwards until clean. This soak-pen will be sunk in the water — regulated in depth as rcquii ed, ,You will naturally think there will be great labour and trouble to dip them back down w.uds, but I have a simple plan, by uring a whip such as is used in lifting water out of a wrlL The whip is upon the piinciple of steelyards, The sheep is hung where the fiue eud of the steelyard is, and the balance weight where you p* .ce the article you require to weigh, so that by putting a b :-x it the 'end for the j balance to the sheep, and putting what earth into it that will give the balance, you can see that no labour is | attached to it ; so I will put as many whips as I I ix quire. Thii fastening is very easy, and is done in a moment. It i» impossible for the sheep te free its feet until it is placed upou a tabic when clean, and as soon as the rope slackens the feet are loose ; there is no tyiog. . , . . I am happy to say my. sheep are doing' w.elh I shall have 12,000 prime fat wethers to market this year, if nothing serious happens.' Bagging an alligator, — Some very good sport was experienced at Townxville. Cleveland Bay, on the 11th j ultimo, by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and ; some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Shortly after lunch Mr. Thistleth way te, who was stand ing on tbe verandah of Dr. Callagh'Ui's cottage over looking the creek, saw an alligator swim to tjhe opposite bank, crawl up, and assume a recumbent position on the mud. An expedition was at once organized with the view of capturing or killing the saurian. Mr. Thistlethw*yte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt, and were joined by a fisherman who lives on the Bouth bank of the creek. Directed by a person on the north side, they managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without disturbing him, and the fisherman, armed with a shot gun, and Thistle thwayte with a rifle, both fired ; the latter hit him just behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at aud seized the alligator^ caudal appendage, and a most exciting straggle took place. The saurian made savage but ineffectual attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about the head with sticks until he gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, aud it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. His outside armour was covered with scars and scratches, as if he had suffered in various combats with his scaly brethren. It was not, there fore, thought worth preserving. The skull is kept by Mr. Thistleth wayte as a trophy of his prowess. The body was boiled down by the fisherman, but yielded ; little more than a panuikm full of oil. It is not often that such a chance is afforded of obtaining alligator sport in our creek. Narrow Escape. — Our Ballina correspondent informs us that on Snuday, 20th ultimo, Messrs. Ewen M'Kinnon, It. Mallet, A Eyles, and W. Powell, for want of some better employment on the Sabbath, went out through the Blind Channel and outside the Rich mond Kiver bar, for the purpose of fishing, when in attempting to return to the river through the surf, against the ebb tide and strong freshet running out, the boat capsized, turning completely bottom upwards, and drifted out to sea Captain Sullivan, of the Susannah Cuthbert. steamer, at anchor inside, on observing the accident, at ouce gave orders to man the steamer's life-boat, which was promptly done by Mr. Sutton (chief officer), Mr. George Nicholson (second officer), Mr. Boyd (Customs' officer), aud Mr. Harrison (a passenger— the same party who displayed sueh courage in saving persous at the time of the wreck of the Walter Hood), and two seamen named Frederick Davis and Jaines Drake, who pulled with stout hearts through the boiling sui f, and succeeded in rescuing the whole of the party ; the boat beiug unable to return, then pulled for tbe Thomas and Henrv. schooner. which vessel was beating down to the bar, when they all got 6afely on board, and the schooner entered the river early on Monday morning. The fi&hing; party were warned of the danger they were running before, but remonstrance was of no avail ; perhaps, however, very nanow escape will deter tbem from again wish ing to so far desecrate the Sabbath by employing their leisure on such a day in so perilous au undertaking, when they might be engaged in pursuits that would be an example for our young men to follow. The boat, which belonged to the ill-fated brfgantine Fox recently 'wrecked at the Richmond River heads, drifted out to Bea, being carried south by the current; and strange to relate, though the accident occurred on Sunday, on Thursday last— four days after — Captain Eddy, of the Helen Slacgregor, picked up the boat at sea, otf Sandon Bluff — the name *' Drvid HnweU,(' painted on inside of stern, ' Frazer ' branded on stem ; painted wh;te outside, blue inside above thwarts, a heavy four strand manila painter, with piece of chain shackled to stem of boat, which he took in tow, and brought into the Clarence River. It is a somewhat remarkable coincidence that the party when capsized should have been saved by the boat of the Susannah Cuthbert, and that the Helen Macgregor, another of the C. and N.E.S.N. Company's steamers, should have recovered tbe boat at 6ea so many days after.— C. and R. Examiner. Polish for Patent Leather Goods.— Take half pound of molasses or sugar, one ounce of gum-arabic, 21b of ivory black ; boil them well together, and let the vessel stand until quite cooled, and the contents are settled ; after which, bottle off. This is an excel lent reviver, and is to be used as blacking in the ordinary way, no brushes for polishing being required. 