BRISBANE. [FEOM OUE OWN CORRESPONDENT.] At eleven a.m. on last Wednesday, the Court for the revision of the Metropolitan and East Jloreton Electoral Rolls opened its sittings at the Brisbane Police Court. His Honor Judge Sheppard presided, and was supported by a full bench of magistrates. As the court is not yet terminated, and will probably not be for the next day or too, it is difficult to tell what the result of its deliberations will be. One thing, however, is certain, and that is that the anticipations of the Brisbane Reform League will be very far from being fulfilled. Owing to several causes the efforts they made a couple of months ago towards the enfranchisement of legally qualified but unregistered voters will be rendered to a great extent abortive. Among those causes is to be mentioned the apathy of -the claimants themselves. The majority of them seem to content themselves with the mere effort they made in sending in claims for enrolment by the League canvassers. Comparatively few have hitherto attended to prove the genuineness of their applications, and as the bench have decided that auy agent appearing on behalf of the absentees will have to verify their claims upon oath, and this, in many instances, being a matter of impossibility to the canvassers, a considerable number of applications will, of necessity, be rejected. This is the more to be regretted as owing to the very stringent ruling of Judge Sheppard, many claimants virtually qualified will be re jected on merely technical grounds. The pos session of an income of £100 per aunum, the payment of £40 per annum for board and lodging, or of £10 per annum of rental, is not admitted as a qualification, even if received or paid for years back, uuless the original con tract stated it to be an annual agreement. The consequence is that all boarders or house holders who have contracted (as every one does) by the week or month, and all working men who are hired by the week, month, or day, are rendered incompetent to receive the fran chise Scores of men, to all intents and pur poses as qualified as Judge Sheppard himself, have been rejected by that authority upon the grounds stated. One other decision slightly different struck me as being particularly unique. One gentleman appeared on behalf of his brother, whom he stated he had had with him in his business for the last fifteen or sixteen . years, during which period he had always paid him at the rate of upwards of a hundred per annum. He was, of course, asked if he employed him by the year. In reply, he stated that they had never entered into any formal contract, the arrangement between them being simply a kind of brotherly com pact. The amount allowed his brother, how ever, he was prepared to swear, always ex ceeded £100 per annum. Judge Sheppard at once expressed his opinion that the amount stated might be looked upon as a gift (although worked for, remember,), but could not be ac cepted as a qualification. The Bench, being asked their opinion, of course blandly came to the same conclusion. I could instance other cases, but those will suffice to show you the peculiar kind of wisdom which characterises the present deliberations' of the Metropolitan Revision Court. Not one of the least remarkable phases of the business which I have described is the utter want of interest taken in it by the Reform League. The wonderful enthusiasm for the extension of the franchise with which that redoubtable body started on its career seems to have been entirely exhausted by the one effort they made in sending out canvassers. The result of those canvassers' labours has, apparently become to them a matter of the utmost indifference, ludeed, the only manner in which the League has prominently come before the public of late, at all, has been in an assault case heard at the Police Court last Tuesday, in which two of its officers were the parties chiefly interested. £The particulars of the case have already ap peared in our columns, extracted from the Courier, but not the following sequel : — ] Poor Robinson, the assaulted secretary, not only received no sympathy in the Police Court, but by his very brethren of the League, for whom he had so long worked as hon. secretary, he was visited by marked disapprobation. At a special meeting, held on last Saturday, his conduct and sufferings were deliberated upon, and led to a formal resolution, by which his services were dispensed with. Poor man ! his present experience will probably lead him to accept his next nose pulling in a more philoso phical and less unruly spirit. The chronicling of this case of assault was one of the last efforts made by the Brisbane Express in the cause of the public weal. On last Thursday that journal terminated its man ful struggle for existence by giving up the ghost. Such a termination to its career, though long expected, is looked upon with regret by many. Though not without its de merits, the manly tone and literary merits of its leaders had deservedly made it a pretty general favorite. But those qualifications, without capital to back them, could hardly be expected to avail against such a well esta blished substantially supported rival as the Courier. Brisbane is evidently not in a posi tion to support two papers, especially if either of them depends entirely upon its returns. Two dailies, at any rate, are beyond its capa bilities, and a tri-weekly, with a daily for a rival, would have little chance anywhere. Our hospital committee are carrying mat ters with a high hand. Such at any rate must be the doleful conviction of Dr. Bancroft, late resident surgeon superintendent. On last Saturday, while down seeing the City of Brisbane off, I heard it rumoured that among the passengers on board was a lady who, three weeks before, had been brought up from Sjdney by the hospital committee to fill the position of matron, but who was now returning owing to the impossibility she experienced of getting on amicably with the resident surgeon. As the person referred to was thoroughly trained and qualified (one of Florence Nightin gale's nurses, I believe), and had not been pro cured without some expense, the unsatisfactory termination of her agreement caused some comment, in. which Dr. Bancroft was certainly not spared. I then heard that the committee * had come to the determination to get rid of him, principally for the reason I have referred to. In Monday's issue of the Courier the rumor was to a certain extent verified by a letter to the public froai Dr. Bancroft, acwni^ panied by a copy of his official dismissal. The resolution of the committee was as follows : — 'As the committee feel they cannot expect any sincere co operation on the part of the House Surgeon in their endeavors to improve the management of the establishment, they find themselves compelled to dispense with the ser vices of Dr. Bancroft as House Surgeon at the Hospital from the 1st of Sfay. 1871.' Dr. Bancroft naturally objects to this unceremoni ous method of getting rid of him, but as Monday's paper contains an advertisement from the committee, calling for a successor, it is not probable that his objection will lead to anything. As might have been expected, the publication of the Doctor's letter bas excited a _ 6trong desire upon the part of the anonymous ~ letter writers to rush into print with their views of the matter, but the Courier has sensibly determined to confine the nuisance aa* niuch as possible by requiring the publication of the writer's name to any letter it inserts — upon the subject. This no doubt will act as a salutary damper to much unnecessary en thusiasm. The Vine Growers' Association held an adjourned meeting on Saturday afternoon, when, among other business done, a deputation, was appointed, consisting of Messrs. T. Lade, Gerler, and J. Nicholson, to wait upon the Colonial Secretary, lay their grievances before him, and ask him if the Government would bring in a Bill to remedy them. Their principal desire is to obtain permission for themselves and all their agents to sell wine, from one. bottle upwards, without license, let, or hindrance. Surely, after the encouragement given to sugar and cottou growing, not an un reasonable request. The ecclesiastical news this week is com paratively meagre, but what there is maybe interesting to some. To begin, I may mention that the Presbyterian clergyman of Wickham Terrace Church referred to in my last, and whom I may now describe plainly as the Rev. J. Love, handed his resignation of his charge . * to the 1'resbytery, which met on Monday even ing. Nothing now standing in his way, he . will probably be ordained without loss of time as a nriest of the Enisnooal Ghnrnh. and dele gated over to whatever congregation is to be blessed by his ministrations. Rev. P. P. Agnew, of the Free Church of England, has started Sunday afternoon ser vices in the Victoria Hall. The reason he ** ' assigns is the laudable oue of affording an op portunity for Divine service to many people who might not be disposed to go to church. * The inaugural seirice last Sunday was well at tended. The new Wesleyan chapel in Fortitude Valley was opened last Tuesday evening by what the Courier eloquently described as its ' baptism of tea and cake.' The debt was stated to be £1034, of which £550 had been collected and subscribed. The next item of news suggests a query. Are bailiffs in general of a pre-eminently reli gious turn of mind, or remarkable for their love of the church ? If they are not, how do you account for the behaviour of certain mem bers of that fraternity, who, gaining access last week to St. John's Episcopal Church, actu ally became so enamored of it that they de clined to leave it for the space of six days. The fact of £50 being due for interest on the mortgage could hardly have had anything to do with it, I fancy. No, no ; bailiffs are not so mercenary as that. Let us believe they went in from higher motives. They are out now, at any rate, and are probably all the better for their brief sojourn in such hallowed ground. A ' This being Passion Week, the Theatre bas announced its intention of remaining closed till its termination, out of respect to the reli gious prejudices of certain of the public. The appearance of Miss Rosa Cooper and Mr. Lionel Harding, two highly Sf.-oken-of per formei'6 at the Alexaudra, has also been post poned till next Monday. 