BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. On Friday evening, February 25, a fellowship meeting was held in Young-street Chapel. This service is usually one of great profit, and is anticipated with considerable interest. The ministers and delegates composing the District Meeting related their Christian experience. On the following day the sittings were continued. The former part of the day was spent in a close enquiry into the financial position of the District. During the afternoon the Stationing Committee sat to prepare a list of appointments to bring before the meeting for its approval. On Sunday services were held in the Youngstreet Chapel. The Rev. O. Lake preached in the morning. He selected for his text the words contained in the 18th, 19th, and 20th verses of the 28th chapter of Matthew—'• And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and lo I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen"—and went on to say— This meeting was the fulfilment of an appointment our Lord had made with His Apostles before His passion. What strange events crowded between that appointment and the morning of fulfilment between the Mount of Olives and the Mount in Galilee. The wickedness of betrayal, the cowardice of desertion and denial, the accumulated horrors of Calvary, the rumoured resurrection—what a tumult of feeling 1 all this would beget in the minds of those men as they moved up that slope to keep their trust with their Lord. And there He waits for them. But, like many companies who now go out to meet Him, " while they worshipped some doubted." In the nearer view, when He came close to them, iu the change that had come over Him since they looked ou Him last, in the regal words He spoke there would be little room left for doubt, and soon no cloud of unbelief would darken the noonday of repose and rapture to which He was leading back their weary and bleeding hearts. I. The charge these words contain invite our attention. The startling thing on the surface of this subject is that such a charge should be given by such a Person to such men. The wounds of that truceless conflict through which He had just passed are still fresh upon Him. These eleven men are poor and unlettered. The message is sure to encounter the leagued ^opposition of earth and hell. Yet no thought of failure strikes the mind of Christ —there is no suspicion of .unfitness in the instrumentality. "Go, disciple, teach .all nations; all power is given unto me: and lo I am with you alway, even unto the end." These are the words of One who has measured all the difficulties of the world's regeneration, aud who sees " at the end of ages" the new earth in which dwelleth righteousness. The charge was very simple as to the work it called the disciples to do; they had a rite to administer, and a message to proclaim. The preacher said he should not speak in a controversial tone of the rite of baptism; it was a symbol of purification in every mode, aud whether the subjects were infants or adults. ' For ritual modes let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong who views it in that light." The message was all the world wanted to hear. Given by inspiration of God, it was profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness; and with the textbook the man of God, the Christian teacher, was perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. The message was to be proclaimed to all. And this message has awakened echoes in the breasts of dwellers of every clime, and has proved itself the Gospel of God, because it is so emphatically the Gospel of man—of universal man. It is an exotic in no clime; it flourishes, as if indigenous, on every soil. The whole of the message was to be proclaimed. May we not take up the teaching of some men and ask—Is this all that Christ commanded? Are not some of the truths lifted into special prominence by him, absent from their teaching? They speak not of the Cross as the atonement for sin. The personality and ministry of the Holy Ghost have dropped out of their teaching. They have silenced their testimony concerning the terrors of the Lord, and no longer ring out the clarion call to repentance. They have made prayer a mocking unreality, and God's revelation a common book. This spreading spirit of Rationalism is withering the enthusiasm of the Church, and drying the fullest springs of her spiritual life. And then, on the other hand, there is a ritualistic spirit abroad, in many cases the natural reaction of Rationalism. The cure of these heresies is to teach all things that Christ has commanded. The message was to be proclaimed on Christ's authority ; the message was to be proclaimed for most practical ends. Commandments are observed when they are kept. The teaching was to culminate in obedience; the creed was to mould the conduct. Disobedience opposeth Him who hath all power in heaven and earth. II. A comforting assurance—(1) of unlimited power; (2) of fellowship with the Church. The dignity and perpetuity of that fellowship was dwelt upon. The preacher concluded by showing that their commission is ours. Our work is educational. Christ sends us to teach. The Word suggests the uniqueness of His method. Moses came with rules and ordinances, demanding measured obedience, and startling the lawless with a curse. And when the schoolmaster's work was done, aud the world had grown in a fuller manhood to the liberty of choice, grace and truth came by Jesus Christ, and constrained men by the mightiest motives to yield themselves a living sacrifice to God. The Rev. J. Trewin officiated iu the aftemoou, and selected his text from 1st chap. Nahum, 7th verse. The goodness of God was the first thought dwelt upon. This goodness was un- derived and pure. It was seen'throughout the world in its adaptation to man's real necessities. Nothing was more powerful than this principle, of goodness. The text also declared that God was a stronghold in the day of trouble; the inference was that trouble was mixed up with life. The man who walked nearest to heaven, as well as the man who walked furthest from it, had trouble. The youth had trouble, arising from inexperience; the man from connection with business; the aged from decrepitude. It would seem a great blessing if the experience of the father could be handed down to the son. Then there was the Christian's security; at all times he could find refuge in God. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. T. Allen. His discourse was based on the 16th verse of the 1st chapter of Romans. He remarked that man was here to be educated. On every hand lessons of great importance were presented to him. But whatever nature might teach, there were many enquiries which nature could not answer—there were wants which earth could not supply. The Gospel answered the deep enquiries of the human heart. The preacher then went on to say that the Gospel was lasting in its duration. It was the everlasting Gospel — eternal because it contained the elements of truth, of love, and because of its eternal fitness. Then it is reformatory in its character. It reaches the intellect aud enlightens it, it reaches the heart aud renews it, and its influence affects the whole character and life. The Gospel is regal in its aim ; it seeks to enthrone itself in the heart; it is intended for all—for everv one that believeth ; but men must believe it. There is persuasion, but not coercion. Who would be ashamed of such a GospelThe truest patriots, the wisest philosophers, the sweetest poete were not ashamed of the Gospel. Neither the best men on earth nor the highest angels of heaven were ashamed of it. There were good congregations at each service. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE PORT.—By an advertisement in another column it will be seen that the Port Adelaide Dramatic Club, assisted by other amateurs, have announced an entertainment at the Town Hall, Port, for Thursday next. Mr. Cotterell has accordingly postponed his visit to the Port until his return from the country. SWIMMING.—Mr. J. F. J. Searignt backed himself to swim on the Yarra, from the Melbourne Botanical Gardens Bridge to Prince's Bridge in 43 minutes, a distance of a mile and a half. He did it ill -38 minutes 50 seconds. 