Stories Re-told. The Skeleton's Gave. Ail AMERICAN STOKY. (Concluded.) Now that each was left to the companionship of his own thoughts, the idea of their situation intruded upon their minds with a sense of pain and anxiety which repulsed the blessing of sleep. The reflections of each on the events of the day and the prospects of the morrow were different ; those of Emuy were the most cheerful, as her hopes of deliverance were the most sanguine. Her imagination had formed a picture of the incidents of her rescue from the fate that threatened her, a little romance in anticipation, which she would not for the world have revealed to living ear, but which she dwelt upon tonaiy ana perpetually in the secresy of her own meditations. She thought what must be the effect of her mysterious absence from the village upon Henry Danville, whose very jealousy, causeless as it was, demonstrated the sincerity and depth of his affection. She represented him to herself as the leader in the search that would be set on foot for the lost ones, as the most adventurous of the band, the most persevering, the most inventive, and the most successful. ' He will pass by this precipice to- morrow,' thought she ; ' like others^ he has heard of this cave ; he will see that the fall ofthe rock has closed the entrance, his quick apDrehension will divine the place of im prisonment, he will call upon those who are engaged in the search, he will climb the precipice, he will deliver us, and I shall forgive him. But should it be my fate to perish ; should none ever know the manner and place of my death ; there will be one at least who will remember and regret me. He will bitterly repent the wrong he has done me, and the tears will start into his eyes at the mention ef my name.' A tear gushed out from between the closed lids of the fair girl as this thought passed through her mind, but it was such a tear as maidens love to shed, and it did not delay the slumber that already began to steal over her. When it was certain that both were asleep, Father Ambrose raised himself from his place and regarded them sorrowfully and attentively. He had not slept, though from his metionless posture and closed eyes, an observer might have thought him buried in deep slumber. His own apprehensions, notwithstanding that he had endeavoured to prevent his companions from yielding themselves up to despair, were more painful than he had permitted himself to utter. That there was a possibility of their deliverance was true; but it was hardly to be expected that those who sought for them would think of looking for them in the cavern, nor was it likely that any cry they could utter would be heard below. The old man's thoughts gradually formed themselves into a kind of soliloquy, uttered, as is often the case with men much given to solitary meditation and prayer, in a low but articulate voice. ' For myself,' said he, ' my life is near its close, and the day of decrepitude may be even yet nearer than the day of death. I repine not, if it be the will ef God that my existence on earth, already mercifully protracted to the ordinary limits of useful ness, should end here. But my heart bleeds to think that this maiden, in. the blossom of her beauty and in the spring-time of her hopes, and that he who slum bers near me, in the pride and strength of manhood, should be thus violently divorced from a life which nature perhaps intended for as long a date as mine. I little thought, when the mother of that fair young creature in dying committed her to my charge, that I should be her guide to a place where she should meet with a frightful and unnatural death. Accustomed as I am to protracted fastings, it is not impossible that I may outlive them both, and, after having closed their eyes who should have closed mine, I maybe delivered and go forth in my uselessness from the sepulchre of those who should have been the delight and support of their friends. Let it not displease thee, eh my Maker ! if, like the patriarch of old, I venture to expostulate with thee.' And the old man placed himself in an attitude of supplication, clasping his hands, and raising them towards heaven. Long did he remain in that posture motionless, and at length, lowering his hands, he cast a look upon the sleepers near him, and laying himself down upon his bed of leaves, was seon asleep also. Of course the slumbers of none of the party were long protracted. They were early dispersed by the idea of their imprisonment in that mountain dungeon, which now and then showed itself painfully in the imagery of their dreams. When Emily awoke she found kerself alone in the skeleton's chamber. Her eyes, accustomed to the darkness, could now distin guish Most of the objects around her by the help of a eleam of light, which appeared to come in from the larger apartment. The fire, kindled the night pre vious, was now a mass of ashes and blackened brands, and the couches of her two companiens yet showed the pressure of their forms. She rose, and not without casting a look at the grim inmate of the place, whose discoloured bones were just distinguishable in that dim twilight, passed into the outer chamber. Here she found the prieet and Le Maire standing near the mouth of the cavern, where a strong light, at least so it seemed to her eyes, streamed in through the open ing between the -wall and the fallen rock, showing that the short night of summer was already past. ' We are watching the increasing light of the morning,' said the priest. . ' And waiting for the friends whom it will bring to deliver us,' added Le Maire. # ' You will admit me to share in the occupation, I hope,' answered Emily. ' I am fit for nothing else, as you know, but to watch and wait, and I will endeavour to do that patiently.' The prisoners of the cavern, however, could only distinguish the beauty ofthe morning by slight tokens ? noyr and then a sweep of the winds over the forest tops— sometimes the note of the woodthrush, or of the cardinal bird as he flew by the face of the rocks— and occasionally a breath ofthe perfumed atmosphere flowing through the aperture. These intimations of liberty and enjoyment from the world without only heightened their impatience at the imprisonment to which they were doomed. '? Listen ! ' said Emily ; ' I think I hear a human voice.' „ 'There is certainly a distant call in the woods, said Le Maire. after a moment'6 silence. ' Let us all shout together for assistance.' They shouted accordingly, Le Maire exerting his clear and powerful voice to the utmost, and the others aiding him as well as they were able with their feebler and less practised organs. A shrill discordant cry replied, apparently from the cliffs close to the cave. ' A parrokeet,' exclaimed Le Maire. ' The noisy pest ! I wish the painted rascal were within reach of my rifle. You see, Father Ambrose, we are forgottea by mankind, and the very birds ofthe wilderness mock our cries for assistance.' ' You have a quick fancy, my son,' answered the prie st ; ' but it is yet quite too soon to give over. It is now the very hour when we may expect our neigh bours to be looking for us in these parts.' They continued therefore to remain by the opening, and from time to time to raise that snout for assist ance. Hour after hour passed, and no answer was returned to their cries, which indeed could have been but feebly heard, if heard at all, at the foot of the precipice ; hour after hour passed, and no foot climbed the rocky stair that led to their prison. The pangs of hunger in the meantime began to assail them, and, more intolerable than these, a feverish and tormenting thirst. « 'Win Timrn nrarticpri fnstinfr ' ' said Le Mairc to Father Ambrose ; 'and so have I when I could get nothing to eat. In my hunting excursions I have sometimes gone without tasting food from, morning till the night of the next day. I found relief from an expedient which I learned of the old hunters, but which 1 presume you churchmen are not acquainted with. Here it is.' Saying this, he passed the sash he wore once more round his body, drawing it tightly and securing it by a firm knot. Father Ambrose declined adopting, for the present, a similar expedient, alleging that as yet he had suffered little incon venience from want of food, except a considerable degree of thirst ; but Emily, already weak from fasting, allowed her slender waist to be wrapped tightly in the folds of a silk shawl which she had brought with her. The importunities of hunger were thus rendered less painful, and a new tension was given to the enervated, frame ; but the burning thirst was not at all allayed. The cave was then explored for water ; every comer i was examined, and holes were dug in the soil which in some places eovered the rocky floor, but in vain. Le Maire again ventured into the long narrow passage which he had followed to its termination the day previous, in the hope of now discovering some con cealed spring, or some place where the much desired element fell in drops from the roof, but he returned fatigued and unsuccessful. As he came forth into the larger apartment, a light fluttering sound, as of the waving of a thin garment, attracted the attention of the party. On listening attentively, it appeared to be within the cavern; but what most excited their surprise was, that it passed suddenly and mysteriously from place to place, while the agent continued invi sible, in spite of ail their endeavours to discover it. Sometimes it was heard on the one side, sometimes on the other, now from the roof, and now from the floor, near, and at a distance. At length it passed directly over their heads. ' It is precisely the sound of alight robe agitated by the wind, or by a swift motion of the person wearing it,' said Emily. ' It is no sound of this earth, I will depone in a court of justice,' said Le Maire, who was naturally of a superstitious turn ; ' or we shall see the thing that makes it.' ' All we can say at present,' answered the priest ' is that we cannot discover the cause ; but it does not therefore follow that it is anything supernatural. What is perceived by one of our senses only does not necessarily belong to the other world. I have no doubt, however, that we shall discover the cause be fore we leave the cavern.' ' Nor I either,' rejoined Le Maire, with, a look and tone which 6howed the awe that had mastered him ; 'I am satisfied of the cause already. It is a warn ing of approaching death. We must perish in this cavern.' Emily, much as she was accustomed to rely on the opinions of the priest, felt in spite of herself the in fection of that feeling of superstitious terror which had seized upon her uncle, and her heart had begun to beat thick, when a weak chirp was heard. 'The mystery is solved,' exclaimed Father Ambrose, ' and your ghost, my good friend, is only a harmless fellow-prisoner, a poor bird, which the Btorm doubtless drove into the cave, and which has been confined here ever since.' As he spoke Emily* who had looked to the quarter whence the sound, proceeded, pointed out the bird sitting on a projection of rock at no great distance. ' A godsend ! ' cried Le Maire ; ' the bird is ours, though his little carcase will hardly furnish a mouth ful for each of us.' Saying this, he took up his rifle, which stood leaning against the wall of the cavern, and raised the piece to his eye. Another instant and the bird would have fallen, but Emily laid her hand on his arm. ^ ' Cannot we take him alive,' asked she ' and make him the agent of our deliverance ? ' ' How will you do that ? ' said Le Maire, without lowering his rifle. 'Send h&n; out at the opening yonder with a letter tied to his wing to inform our friends of our situation. It will at least increase the chances of our escape.' ' It is well thought of,' answered Le Maire ; ' and now, Emily, you shall see how an experienced hunter takes a bird without harming a single feather of his wing6.' Saying this, he went to the mouth of the cave, and began to turn up, -with a splinter of wood, the fresh sarth. After considerable 'examination he drew forth a beetle, and producing from his hunting bag a quan tity of packthread he tied the insect to one end of it, arid having placed it on the point of a crag, retired to a little distance -with the other end of the packthread in his hand. By frequently changing his place, he caused the bird to approach the spot where he had laid the insect. It was a tedious process ; but when at length the bird perceived his prey, he flew to it and snapped it up in an instant, with the eagerness of famine. By a similar piece of management he con trived to get the thread wound several times around one of the legs of the little creature ; and when this was effected, he suddenly drew it in, bringing him flutter ing and struggling to his hand. It proved te be of the species commonly called the cedar bird. 'Ah, Father Ambrose,' cried Le Maire, whose vivacity returned with whatever revived his hopes, 'we have caught you a brother ecclesiastic, a recollect, as we call Tii™ from the grey hood he wears. No wonder we did not see him betore, for his plumage is exactly of the colour of the rocks. But he is the very bird for a letter ; look at the sealing-wax he carries on his wings,' as he spoke he displayed the glossy brown pinions, the larger leathers of which were ornamented at their tops with little appendages of a vermilion colour, like drops of delicate red sealing wax. 41 And now let us think,' continued he, ' ef writing the letter which this dapper little monk is to carry for us,' A piece of charcoal was brought from the skeleton's chamber, and Le Maire having produced some paper from his hunting-bag, the priest wrote upon it a few lines, giving a brief account of their situation. The letter being folded and properly ad dressed was next perforated with holes, through which a string was inserted, and tied under tie wing of die bird. Emily then carried him to the opening, through which he darted forth in apparent joy at regaining his liberty. 'Would that we could pass out,' said she with a sigh, ' as eaBily as the little creature we have just set free. But the recollect is a lover of gardens, and he ?will soon be found seeking his food in those of the village.' The hopes to which this little expellant gave birth in the bosoms of all contributed somewhat to cheer the gloom of their confinement. But night came at length to close that long and weary day — a night still more long and weary. They laid themselves down upon their beds of leaves, but the horrible thirst, which consumed them like an inward fire, grew fiercer with the endeavour to court repose ; and the blood that crept slowly through their veins seemed to have be come a current of liquid flame. Sleep came not to their eyesi or came attended with dreams of running waters which they were not permitted to taste ; of tempests and earthquakes, and breathless confine ment among the clouds of earth, and various shapes of strange peril, while their friends seemed to stand aloof and to look coldly and unconcernedly on without showing; even a desire to render them assist ance. On the third day the cavern presented a more gloomy spectacle than it had done at any time since the fall of the rock took place. It was now about eleven o'clock in the morning, and the shrill singing of the wind about the cliffs, and through the crevice which now admitted a dimmer light than on the day previous, announced the approach of a storm from the south. The hope of relief from without was growing fainter and fainter as the time passed on, and the sufferings of the prisoners became more poignant. The approach of the 6torrn, too, could only be re garded as an additional misfortune, since it would probably prevent or obstruct for that day the search which was making for them. They were all three in the outer and larger apartment of the cave. Emily was at a considerable distance 'from the entrance re clining on a kindofseatformedof large loose stones, and overspread with a covering of withered leaves. There was enough of light to 6how that she was exceedingly pale, that her eyes were closed, and that the breath came thick and' pantingly through her parted lips, which »lone of all her features retained the colour of life. Faint with watching, with want of sustenance, and with anxiety, she had laid herself down on this rude couch, which the care of her companions had provided for her, and had sunk into a temporary slumber. The priest stood close to the mouth of the cave leaning against the wall, with his arms folded, himself scarcely changed in appearance, except that his cheek seemed somewhat more emaciated, and his eyes were lighted up with a kind of solemn and pre ternatural brightness. Le Maire, with a spot of fiery red on each eheek, his hair standing wildly in every direction, and his eyes bloodshot, was pacing the cavern floor to and fro, carrying his rifle, occasionally stopping to examine the priming, or to peck the flint ; and sometimes standing still for a moment as if lost in thought. At length he approached the priest, and said to him, in a solemn tone of voice, ' Have you never heard of seamen on a wreck, destitute of provisions, casting lots to see which of their number should die that the rest might live ? ' 'I have so.' ' Were they right in so doing ? ' 'I cannot say that they were not. It is a horrid alternative in which they were placed. It might be lawful— it might be expedient, that one should perish, for the salvation of the rest.' ' Have you never seen an insect or an animal writh ing with torture, and have you not shortened its suf ferings by putting an end to its life ? ' ?' I have — but what mean these questions ? ' ' I will tell you. Here is my rifle.' As he spoke, Le Maire placed the piece in the hands of Father Ambrose, who took it mechanically. ' I ask you to do for me what you would do for the meanest worm. You understand me ? ' ' Are you mad ? ' demanded the priest, regarding him with a look in which the expression of unaffected astonishment was mingled with that of solemn re proof. ' Mad ! Indeed I am mad, if you will have it so — you will feel lesB scruple at putting an end to the ex istence of a madman. I cannot linger in this horrid place, neglected and forgotten by those who should have come to deliver me, suffering the slow approaches of death — the pain — the fire in tie veins — and, worst of all, the fire in the brain,' said Le Maire, striking his forehead. ' They think, if they think of me at all, that I am dying by slow tortures ; I will disap point them. Listen, father,' continued he ; ' would it not be better for you and Emily that I were dead ? Is there no way ? Look at my veins, they are full yet, and the muscles have not shrunk away from my limbs ; would you not both live the longer, if I were to die 5 ' The priest recoiled at the horrid idea presented to Ms mind. ' We are net cannibals,' said he, ' thanks be to Divine Providence.' An instant's reflection, however, convinced Father Ambrose that the style ?f rebuke which he had adopted was not proper for the occasion. The unwonted fierceness and wildness of Le Maire' s manner, and the strange proposal he had made, denoted that alienation of mind which is no uncommon effect of long abstinence from food. He thought it better, therefore, to attempt by mild and soothing language to divert him from his horrid design. ' My good friend,' said he, ' you forget what grounds of hspe yet remain to us ; indeed, the pro bability of our escape is scarcely less to-day than it ?was yesterday. The letter sent out ef the cave may be found, and, if so, it will most certainly effect our deliverance ; or the fall of the rock may be discovered by some one passing this way, and he may understand that it is possible that we are confined here. While eur existence is prolonged there is no occasion for despair. You should endeavour, my son, to com pose yourself, and to rely on the goodness of that Power who has never forsaken you.' ' Compose myself ! ' answered Le Maire, who had listened impatiently to this exhortation ; compose my self ! Do you not know that there are those here here who will not suffer me to be tranquil for a moment ? Last night I was twice awakened, just as I had fallen asleep, by a voice pronouncing my name, as audibly as I heard your own just now ; and the second time, I looked to where the skeleton lies, and the foul thing had half raised itself from the rock, and was beckoning me to come and place myself by its side. Can you wonder if I slept no more after that?' ' My son, these are but the dreams of a fever.' ' And then, whenever I go by myself, I hear low voices and titterings of laughter from the recesses of the rocks. They mock me, that I, a free hunter, a denizen, of the woods and prairies, a man whose liberty was never restrained for a moment, should be entrapped in this manner, and made to die like a buffale in a pit, or like a criminal in the dungeons of the old world ; that I should consume with thirst in a land bright with innumerable rivers and springs ; and I should wither away with famine while the woods are full of game and the prairies covered with buffaloes. I could face famine if I had my liberty ; I could meet death without shrinking in the sight of the sun and the earth, and in the fresh open air. I should strive to reach some habitation of my fellow creatures; I should be sustained by hope ; I should travel on till I sank down with weakness and fatigue, and died on the spot. But famine made more fright ful by imprisonment and inactivity, and these dreams, as you call them, that dog me asleep and awake, they are more than I can bear. Hark ! ' he ex claimed, after a short pause, and throwing quick and wild glances around him, ' do you hear them yonder — do you hear how they mock me ? — You will not then, do what I ask ? — Give me the rifle.' ' No,' said the priest, who instantly comprehended his purpose. ' I must keep the piece till you are more composed.' Le Maire seemed not to hear the answer, but laying his grasp on the rifle, was about to pluck it from the old man's hands. Father Ambrose saw that the attempt to retain possession of it against his superior strength, would be vain ; he therefore slipped down his right hand to the lock, and cocking it, touched the trigger, and discharged it in an instant. The report awoke Emily, who came trembling and breathless to the spot. ' What is the matter ? ' she asked. ' There is no harm done, my child,' answered the priest, assuming an aspect of the most perfect com posure. ' I discharged the rifle, but it was not aimed at anything ; and I beg pardon for interrupting your repose at a time when you so much need it. Suffer me to conduct you back to the place you have left. Le Maire will you assis t ? ' Supported by Le Maire on one side, and by the priest on the other, Emily, scarce able to walk from weakness, was led back to her place of repose. Re turning with Le Maire, Father Ambrose entreated him to consider how much his niece stood in need of his assistance and protection. He bade him recollect that this mad haste to quit the world before called by his Maker would leave her, should she ever be re leased from the cavern, alone and defenceless, or at least with only an old man for her friend, who was himself hourly expecting the summons of death. He exhorted him to reflect how much, even now, in her present condition of weakness and peril, she 6tood in need of his aid, and conjured him not to be guilty of a pusillanimous and cowardly desertion of one so lovely, so innocent, and so dependent upon him. Le Maire feit the force of this appeal. A look of human pity passed across the wild expression of his countenance. He put the rifle into the hands of Father Ambrose. ?* You are right,' said he ; ' I am a fool ; and I have been, I suspect, very near becom ing a madman. You will keep this until you are entirely willing to trust me with it. I will endeavour to combat these fancies a little longer.' In the mean time the light from the aperture grew dimmer and dimmer, and the eyes of the prisoners, though accustomed to the twilight of the cavern, be came at length unable to distinguish objects at a few paces from the entrance. The priest and Le Maire had placed themselves by the couch of Emily, but rather, as it seemed, from that instinct of our race which leads us to seek each other's presence, than for any purpose of conversation, for each of the party preserved a gloomy silence. The topics of specula tion on their condition had been discussed to weari ness, and no others had now any interest for their minds. It was no unwelcome interruption to that melancholy silence, when they heard the sound of a mighty rain pouring down upon the leafy summits of the woods, and beating against the naked walls and shelves of the precipice. The roar grew more and more distinct, and at length it seemed that they could dis tinguish a sort of shuddering of the earth above them, as if a mighty host was marching heavily over it. The sense of suffering was for a moment suspended in a feeling of awe and curiosity. 'That, likewise, is the rain,' said Father Ambrose, after listening for a moment. ' The clouds must pour down a perfect cataract, when the weight of its fall is thus felt in the heart of the rock.' ' Do you hear that noise of running water ? ' asked Emily, whose quick ear had distinguished the rush of the stream formed by the collected rains over the rocks without at the mouth of the cave. ' Would that its channel were through this cavern,' exclaimed Le Maire, starting up, ' Ah ! here we have it — we have it ! Listen to the dropping of water from the roof near the entrance — and here at the aperture ! ' He sprang thither in an instant. A little stream, detached from the main current which descended over rocks that closed the mouth of the cave, fell in a thread of silver amid the faint light that streamed through the opening ; he knelt for a moment, received it between his burning lips, and then, hastily returning, bore Emily to the spot. She held out her hollowed palm, white, thin, and semi transparent, like a pearly shell used for dipping up the waters from one of those sweet fountains that rise by the very edge ot the sea, and as fast as it filled with the cool, bright element, imbibed it with an eager ness and delight inexpressible. The priest followed her example. Le Maire also drank from the little stream as it fell, bathed in it his feverish brow, and suffered it to fall upon his sinewy neck. ' It has given me a new hold on life,' said Le Maire, his chest distending with several full and long breathings. ' It has not only quenched the horrid thirst, but it has made my head less light, and my heart lighter. I will never speak ill of this element again— the choicest grapes of France never distilled anything so delicious, so grateful, so life-giving.' At this moment Emily cried out, ' The reck moves ! — the ro»k moves ! ' Looking up to the vast mass that closed the entrance, Father Ambrose saw plainly that it was in motion, and he had just time to draw Le Maire from the spot where he had stooped down to take another draught of the stream, when a large block, which had been wedged in overhead, gave way, and fell in the very place where he left the prints of his feet. Had he remained there another instant it must have crushed him to atoms. The prisoners, re treating within the cavern far enough to avoid the danger, but not too far for observation, stood watching the event with mingled apprehension and hope. The floor of the cave just at the edge, on which rested the fallen rock, yawned at the fissures, where the earth with which they were filled had become saturated and swelled with water, and unable any longer to support the immense weight, settled away, at first slowly, under it, and finally, along with its incumbent load, fell suddenly and with a tremendous crash, to the base of the precipice, letting the light of day and the air of heaven into the cavern. The thunder of that disruption was succeeded by the fall of a few large fragments of rock on the right and left, after which the priest and his companions heard only the fall of the rain and the heavy 6ighing of the wind in the forest. Father Ambrose and Emily knelt involuntarily in thanksgiving at their unexpected deliverance. Le Maire, although unused to the devotional mood, observing their attitude, had bent his knee to imitate it, when a glance at the outer world, now laid open to his sight, made him start again to his feet with an exclamation of delight. His two companions arose also, and turned to the broad opening which now looked out from the cave over the forest. ' That world is ours again,' said Le Maire, with a tone of exultation. ' We are released at last, and now let us see in what manner we can descend.' As he spoke, he approached the verge of the rock from which the severed mass had lately fallen, and saw, to his dismay, that the terrace which had served as a path, to the cavern wa6 carried away for a con siderable distance to the right and left of where they stood, leaving the face of the precipice smooth and sheer from top to bottom. No footing appeared, no projection by which the boldest and most agile could scale or descend it. Le Maire threw himself sullenly on the ground. ' We must pass another night in this dungeon,' said he, ' and perhaps starve to death after all. It is clear enough that we shall have to remain here until somebody comes to take us down.' The priest and Emily came up at this moment : — ' This is a sad disappointment,' said the former, ' but we have this advantage, that we can now make ourselves both seen and heard. Let us try the effect of our voices. It is not impossible that there may be 6ome person within hearing.' Accordingly they shouted together, and though there was even in that reply of the inanimate creation something cheering and hope-inspiring, to those who for nearly three days had perceived that all their cries for succour were smothered in the depth oi the earth. Again they raised their voices, and listened for an answering shout — a third time, and they were answered. The halloo of a full-toned manly voice arose from the woods below.' ' Thank Heaven, we are heard at last,' said Emily. ' Let us see if the cry was in answer to ours,' said the priest : and again they called, and again a shout was returned from the woods. ' We are heard, that is eertain,' continued he, ' and the voice is nearer than at first, we shall be released.' At length the sound of quick footsteps on the crackling boughs was heard in the forest, and a young man of graceful proportions, dressed, like Le Maire, in a hunting-cap and frock, emerged into the open space at the foot of the precipice. As he saw the party standing in the cavity of the rock, he clapped his hands with an exclamation of surprise and delight. ' Thank Heaven, they are discovered at last ! Are you all safe — all well ! ' All safe,' answered Le Maire, 'but hungry as wolves, and in a confounded hurry to get out of this horrid den.' The young man regarded the precipice attentively for a moment, and then called out, ' Have patience for a moment, and I will bring you the means of deliverance.' He then disappeared in the forest. Emily's waking dream was, in fact, not wholly un fulfilled. That young man was Henry Danville ; she knew him by his air and figure as soon as he emerged from the forest, and before she heard his voice. He had been engaged, -with many others belonging to the settlement, in the pursuit of their lost curate and his companions, from the morning after their absence, and fortunately happened to be at no great distance when the disruption of the rock took place. Struck with astonishment at the tremendous concussion, he was hastening to discover the cause, when he heard the shout to which he answered. It was not long before voices and steps were again heard in the wood, and a crowd of the good villagers soon appeared advancing through the trees, one bearing a basket of provisions, some dragging ladders, some carrying ropes and other appliances for getting down their friends from their perilous elevation. Several of the ladders, being spliced together, and secured by strong cords, were made to reach from the broken rocks below to the mouth of the cavern, and Henry ascended. The reader will have no difficulty in imagining the conclusion. The emotions of the lovers at meeting under such circumstances cannot be described. The joy expressed by the villagers at recovering their worthy pastor brought tears into the good man's eyes; and words are inadequate to do justice to the delight of Le Maire at seeing his old companions and their basket of provisions. The reader may also, if he please, imagine another little incident, without which some of them might think the narrative imperfect, namely, a eertain marriage ceremony which took place before the next Christmas, andat which the vener able Father Ambrose officiated. Le Maire, when I saw him last, was living with one of Emily's children, a hale old man of eighty, with a few grey hairs scattered among his raven locks, full of stories of his youthful adventures, among which he reckoned that of his imprisonment in the cave as decidedly the best. He had, however, no disposition to become the hero of another tale of the kind, since he never ventured into another cave or under another rock as long as he lived ; and was wont to accompany his narrative with a friendly admonition to his youthful and inexperienced hearers against thoughtlessly in dulging in so dangerous a practice. 