NEWS AND NOTES. A number of letters are in type, which will be pub lished as soon as our space will permit. We understand that it is the intention of Councillor Eddy to resign his seat in the Ballarat East Council. He has had only a short term o£ office. The case of James Buchanan, alias Slim Jem, for stabbing Edward Burns at Haddon, some time since, was heard at the City Police-court on Thursday. The prisoner was committed for trial at the next sessions, and bailed —himself in £lOO, and two sureties of £5O each. A very melancholy occurrence happened yesterday in Hair street, opposite the market. A man who had been stopping at the Plough and Harrow hotel, and who had just engaged himself with a farmer as a laborer, was set to watch a team of horses. They bolted, and he ran at them gallantly to stop them, caught hold of them, and was instantly knocked down and trampled on. One finger of the right hand was broken, and the poor fellow, in addition, received a scalp wound, which, in all probability, will prove fatal. He was at once taken to the hospital, but neither those who took him there, nor the landlord of the Plough and Harrow hotel, knew .his name. Last night he was lying in a very dangerous state. He is about the middle height, sallow in complexion, with a light moustache, brown beard, and black hair. He was wearing a light shooting coat, with pockets only in the outside, brown ribbed tweed trousers, half Wel lington, boots, with a patch on the toe of the right one, and grey wincey drawers. He. had no papers upon him from winch his name might have been learnt, and we give a description of him in.order that his friends, if he has any here, may know what has befallen him. One of the last vestiges of the late extraordinary municipal election of Ballarat East made its appear ance at the City Police-court on Thursday.’ Joseph Howard, a cabman, summoned Mr Harris, clothier, of Bridge street, who had acted as: secretary to the Palmer candidates, for £2, the amount of cab-hire due to him for work on the day of election, and alleged to have been guaranteed by Mr Harris, as the plaintiff said he would not trust those for whom Mr Harris acted. The bench made an order against Mr Harris for the amount, with costs. An error occurred in our report of the evidence of Thomas Dunjey, in ..the case of Anderson Bros, v Hep burn and others, concluded in the Circuit Court .on Wednesday. The witness is made to state that the boards were in across the by wash when the dam burst, whereas he stated that four boards were out and only two in. ' A correspondent writes:—“ Will Councillor Smith direct the attention of the city-surveyor to the southern footpath opposite Mr Anderson’s .tannery in Sturt street? The path there is covered with a stiff,- sticky clay, which in wet weather is most troublesome to passengers, and as there is how a considerable traffic to Alfredton, the annoyance should be reme died. A little gravel was put on about-two months ago, but as it was only about a barrowful in all, and it was sprinkled as it were from a pepper-box, the benefit, if any, can only be perceptible to the sparrows.” i ' We understand that Mr Cannam has undertaken to deliver a lecture in refutation of that delivered re cently by Mr James Curtis on “ Natural immortality and eternal tortures.” We have received from the publisher, A. J. Smith, 35 Swanston street, Melbourne, a reprint of a pamphlet by Edward Hine, entitled, “ The English. Nation identified with the lost House of Israel by 27 identi fications.” The author builds his essay upon Bible texfs and historical events, tracing our ancestry through the Saxons and the Scythians to the lost tribes of Israel. He proves the whole thing trium phantly—to himself. At a public meeting of the ratepayers of Alfredton, held at Palmer’s hotel on Thursday evening, for the purpose of securing proper representation in the City Council, Mr Windover was elected chairman, and Mr Maconochie secretary. Thereafter the following reso lutions were unanimously adopted:—l. “That in the opinion of this meeting Alfredton has not heretofore been represented in the City Council.” - 2. “ In order that their influence may be felt, the ratepayers hereby agree to act unanimously in selecting a candidate to represent them in the council.” 3. “That should any difference of opinion exist respecting the present candidates, the minority hereby pledge themselves to abide by the decision of the majority, and heartily co operate with them in order to secure the return of the candidate chosen.” 4. “That after the decision a committee be formed, consisting of the, chairman, sec retary, and others to be named, to thoroughly canvass the district, so as to secure if possible each ratepayer’s vote in accordance with the decision of the meeting.” The above resolutions were adopted unanimously. Thereafter a committee, consisting of the chairman, secretary, and 15 gentlemen, was elected in accordance with the 4th resolution,, to report to a committee meeting on a future evening. Mr Brophy was all but unanimously elected as the representative of Alfredton. Two novel mining cases were heard at the City- Police-court yesterday. The official-agent of the Bar fold Estate Company sought in each to recover con tributions from executors of deceased persons for shares which had been held by those persons. Mr Watson appeared for the official-agent, and Mr Fin layson for. the defendants. Mr Finlayson, after evidence had been taken, contended that the police court had no right to make an order against executors, as they were not liable for shares held by the testator, and that neither had the court power to put any names upon the list of contributors in addition to those on the register. . Mr Gaunt held the objections to be sound, and dismissed the case, but promised Mr Watson that he would state a case on the subject for the opinion of the Supreme Court. The August number of the Temperance News advo cates renewed effort in support of Mr Casey’s Per missive Bill, and attention to electoral registration. “Rambler,” the Ballarat correspondent of the News, said last month that the working-men’s meetings here were a failure, and he seems to be also a failure him self, as he briefly gives up the corresponding ghost in this number. In reply to his previous letter, Mr G. D. Lee, the League agent, admits the failure of the working-men’s meetings, but gives some statistics of general progress, and says over 700 pledges were taken last year. Mr Matthew Burnett is still on furlough or sick leave, but is medically reported to be in im proving health. The Mayor of Ballarat East held a meeting last evening, at the Eastern Town-hall, to hear an exposi tion of his views as a candidate for re- election in’the approaching municipal contest. Councillor Walker presided, and there were somewhat over a hundred persons present. Mr Ivey touched upon a number of subjects on which he has been previously reported. He called in question the fact of the Western station receiving so much patronage from the Eastern trades men, when all goods should be booked to the Bast, and landed at the East. He waa not in favor of the banking interest being so much in the'West, and he was very much dissatisfied at the present state of the Press. He considered if all the gentlemen who talked so much about assisting .Ballarat East would only, do half as much, as he was prepared to do the borough : would soon' become prosperous, for, besides otheracts which he would perform, he was prepared himself to lend a capable engine for ten years to any man who would undertake to found a newspaper with Eastern proclivities, to . obviate the ' present want of Press representation, which it how labored under. He called attention to-the; manner in which he had been elected, and said that - he had'done .as much as Ho possibly could since his election for the best interests of the -borough, considering its, want of funds. . He did not think he had done anything to forfeit the confidence of the ratepayers; and. he confidently .expected * re election ht their hands. Mr Henry. Abbot moved,'and Hr .Comming seconded, a vote of confidence, which was carried, and the meeting dispersed. A boy, aged thirteen, named Michael Brown, was received into the district hospital yesterday with one of his thighs fractured from a slip rail having been driven violently against it by a mob of horses, from which he was abstracting two. He had the two horses on the road, and was putting up the rail, when the rest ran through and caused, the accident. The boy lives at Burnt Bridge. A buggy accident, which fortunately resulted with out bodily injury to its occupants, took place between three and four o’clock on Thursday, in the Botanical Reserve. It appears that three young ladies, daughters of Mr Walsh, produce merchant, Sturt street, were driving round the Swamp, and when near Mr Wynne’s residence the horse, from some cause or other, became frightened, and bolted. -The animalwent at full speed through the carriage drive of the gardens for about a quarter of a mile, when it made a sudden turn, and in so doing threw the three, occupants.on to some newly-dug ground.. .The young ladies thereby escaped without injury. The horse and buggy then proceeded at a rapid rate close to the edge of the Swamp until ■the buggy came in contact with a stump, when it was overturned. The horse with the shafts became de tached, and after proceeding some distance was secured by Mr Fisher. Mr Everingham addressed a meeting of ratepayers of the south ward last evening at the " Koh-i-Noor hotel; there were about sixty persons present. After a long address, several questions were put and answered satisfactorily, when a vote of confidence was proposed and carried unanimously. Mr Everingham afterwards held a meeting'at the Miners’-Support hotel. After addressing the meeting fully on the various municipal topics, a unanimous vote of confid ence was passed, the meeting being very enthusiastic, and pledging themselves to return Mr Everingham for the south ward. The Early Closing Fancy Pair and Promenade Concert, at the Mechanics’ Hall, last evening, was well attended, and a good deal of business was transacted, though a large number of the best articles still remain to be disposed of. Mr T. Bailey, organist of St. Paul’s Church, presided at the piano. It was announced by Mr Coulls that the art union prizes in connection with the fair would be drawn at four o’clock to- day, and that the winning numbers would be made known in the course of the evening. A number of the friends of Mr Joseph Coulls, for a considerable time a well-known resident of Ballarat, who will leave shortly for Queensland, intend enter taining him this evening at a banquet at the Buck’s Head hotel. Mr D. Brophy addressed meetings of the electors last evening at Knoth’s Grand Stand hotel, and M'Kenzie’s Caledonian hotel. At both places the can didate was well received, and votes of confidence were accorded him. At the first place Mr M‘lvor occupied the chair, and the motion was moved and seconded by Messrs Jones and Norton. At the latter place Mr Rutherford presided, and Mr Brown moved and Mr Power seconded the usual vote; Wo understand that a bachelors’ ball is -being mooted at present, and chat, from the number of people who have already come forward to assist, jt is likely to prove a great success. Only a preliminary meeting has yet been held on the subject. A meeting was held in the Smythesdale Mechanics’ Institute reading-room on Wednesday evening for the purpose of establishing, on a permanent basis, the local athletic club. Mr Wm. Craig was voted to the chair. The secretary intimated that, including resi dents of Melbourne, Ballarat, and Creswick, he could at present reckon sixty or seventy persons ready to be enrolled as members. The annual subscription was fixed at 10s, membership to give members the right of free admission to the grounds and grand-stand. Mr Craig was appointed president, Mr P. Telford vice president,. Mr H. Alpen treasurer, and Mr C. Ten brink hon. secretary, with Messrs L. Holleson. Alex. Scott, and J. Best members of committee. It was decided that the next sports meeting of the club be held on Ist and 2nd January, 1872, and that the sur -plus proceeds be divided equally between the new. local school and the Mechanics’ Institute. It waa also decided that the committee get the programme issued as soon as convenient. Some correspondence received was referred to next meeting. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that seats may be had in St. John’s Presbyte rian Church, Peel street, oh application at the church every evening during this week. The secretary and treasurer attends in the’ evenings from 7 to 9 o’clock, and on Saturday afternoon from 3 to 5 o’clock. We hear that a very large number of the seats are taken up. The opening of the church is to take place on Sunday, the 13th insl. In connection with the open ing, a tea meeting will be held in the Alfred Hall on the Monday following. The ladies’ meetings at the Mechanics’ Institute in aid of the coming bazaar are lively gatherings, - and nimble fingers and tongues make things merry and wonderful. All over the town, in more silent homes, cutting-out and sewing together proceed busily,-too, in aid of the bazaar. Beads, Berlin wool, feathers, many colored cloth remnants, flowers; leather, gimp, ribbons, and other things of fantasy, beauty, or use are just now in great request for the great needle industry. Besides all this donations of live and dead things are promised that will go to make the bazaar a real new “ curiosity shop.” The next ladies’ sewing meeting will be held on the first Tuesday afternoon and follow ing Wednesday evening, due notice of which will be given by advertisement. ■ We have been requested to call the attention of subscribers to the opera to an advertisement an nouncing that the" box plan is now open, and seats may be secured for any-night or nights during the season. A meeting of the Smythesdale Mechanics’ Insti tute Committee was held in the institute reading room on Wednesday evening, Mr Wm. Craig, president, in the chair. The chairman reported that he and the secretary, as deputed, had waited upon the Chief Secretary and made application for a portion of the building grant; and that, judging from the courteous manner in which they had been received, as also from Mr Duffy’s admission of the strength of their claim, their application was certain to be favorably consi dered. The chairman also spoke warmly of the assist ance rendered by Messrs W. C. Smith and Joseph ; Jones, and the secretary intimated that Mr W. Clarke had also shown himself kind in the matter. The secretary, Mr C. Tenbrink, read a statement which had been prepared to send to the Chief Secretary re garding .the position of the institute, showing, that the buildings and fixtures had cost £llO6 2s Id; that £7ll 13s lOd had been raised locally, leaving a debt of about £100; that no money had been received from the. Government for building purposes, nor land granted for a site, but all purchased by the residents of the surrounding locality; that there are over 2000 volumes on the shelves; and that there are more than 10,000 inhabitants in the district. The statement , was adopted, and ordered to be forwarded. Mr J. F. Clegg’s complaint against Mr Yerekamp, for having used offensive language to him, was investigated, and an apology given by Mr Yerekamp was accepted. It was decided that tenders be invited fordoing the printing required for the twelvemonths; also, for the supply of firewood. The secretary mentioned that the half-year’s grant had been received, and it having been decided that £2O worth of books be purchased, a sub-committee was appointed to prepare a list of works suitable. It was decided that the London Journal and Temple Bar be discontinued, and that the Dublin University Magazine, Blackwood's Magazine, and the Pharmaceutical Journal be procured instead. The secretary reported that 15 of the missing volumes had been returned, and that he knew of 12 more yet to come in. Mr A. Scott gave notice of motion with the view of having the library, or at least the choice portion of the works, transferred to the reading-room. The town-clerk of Clunes has been directed, on the motion of Councillor Blanchard, to write to the Chief Secretary, requesting him to bring under the notice of the commission about to be appointed to consider the proposed alterations in the electoral divisions of the colony and the re-distribution of seats, the claims of this borough to independent representation. The members for the district are also to urge the matter. ■ A lodge in connection with the. G.U.0.0.F. was opened at Windermere on Wednesday night by the District Master, S. W. Jackson, assisted by Br Davis, Deputy D.M., Br Harris, D.S., Br Parlow, D.S., and Brs Hillman and Sharwood, of the Excelsior Lodge. The lodge waa opened in the usual way, and dedicated the Loyal Ceres Lodge of the G.U.0.0.F. Nine mem bers were initiated in the bonds of friendship, love, and truth. From appearances it is likely that the lodge will become a flourishing one. A tea meeting was held afterwards, which was numerously attended by residents in the neighborhood "and friends from Ballarat, who did full justice to the ample and excel lent fare supplied by Mr Ward, of Victoria street, Ballarat, Our correspondent says;—“After tea a number of recitations, duets, and songs were given. Messrs Bolfe and ‘Bartlett’s .‘All’s well,’ ‘ The Minute Gun at Sea,’ and ‘I know a Bank’ were admirably rendered- Mr Gunn gave a number of comic songs, which elicited hearty fun and applause;: and Mr Davis gave several songs. The wonder of the evening, however, wasMr Parlow and his little boy, who in a'most astonishing manner reproduced the ‘second sight’ exhibited by Haydee Heller. The boy, who is only about seven years old, described with accuracy a great variety of articles held up in any part of the room, giving the "dates of coins, numbers of bank notes, &c.;, whilst his face was turned to a blank wall. A more pleasant or agreeable opening of a lodge has seldom been witnessed, even by old members of the order.” . • ' The Clunes Borough Council have, at the instance of the manager of the common and'a deputation of the farmers in the locality as represented by Mr Dick son,' determined to oppose the application of Mr Garratt Stack for a piece of laud near Birch’s Creek, which is represented as the only available water reserve in the locality. " A new juvenile Tent in connection with the Ark of Peace .'Tent, 1.0. R., was opened on Wednesday even-, ing, 2nd August, in the Temperance Hall, Humffray street, by Brother Richard- Kent, P.C.R., assisted by Brothers Henry Qlenny, P.C.R.; Stephen Cuming, P.C.R.; Frederick Biggs, P.C.R.; Wm. H. Oram,C.R.; George Gilbert, John Porter, and Wm. West. Fifteen candidates presented themselves for initiation. The following officers were elected and installed;—P.C.R., Br Wm. J. Middling; : C.R., Br Frederick R. Kent; D.R., Br Charles Trevor; secretary, J. Woolcock; W.S., Norman Turnbull; M.S., Robert Long; L., Robert Thurstan; G., John Williams; superintendents ap pointed by adult tent were:—Brs Stephen Cuming, Wm. H. Oram, Wm. G. West. We learn that the Rev. Mr Grant, of Tasmania, who lately officiated at the Dawson street Baptist Church, has accepted the invitation of that congregation to take the pastorate there. Next Sunday the Rev. I. New, of Melbourne, will preach in the Dawson street Church; and.on the.!2th of September the Rev. Mr Clarke, of Melbourne, will preach in the Alfred Hall. ! It is expected that the ceremony of opening the new portion of St. Patrick’s Church, Sturt street, on Sunday next, will be a very imposing one. It is said that a large number of Roman Catholics from all parts of the district, will be present. The August number of the Australian Journal is another budget full of excellent reading matter. There are only two illustrations, one of the editor’s “His Natural Life,” the other, “Half-moon Bay, Victoria.” We trace again signs of careless editing, as shown in false quotations here and there. , We miss, too, Ken dall’s music, for the verses sprinkled here and there are for the most part commonplace. “His Natural Life” continues as vigorously and as horribly as ever. The revelations of convict life, verified by official re cords, are atrocious beyond conception. Dora and Frere are drawing asunder, and poor bibulous but honest North, the chaplain, is sympathising into love for Dora, and at the same time drawing closer and closer by pity to Dawes. Mrs Purfoy’s boy has run away from home, and his journey across country to Sydney gives the author opportunity for some good descriptive writing. Before leaving. home the boy tried to get his mother to say who his father was, but she refused. At Sydney he is sent on the roads for having bought a stolen horse, Frere being the cause of the incarceration, and the author darkly hinting that Frere is the father, or in some way connected" with the thickening mystery of the boy’s parentage. In the Estimates for 1872 the sum of £5OO ap pears for a bridge over the storm-water channel, Bal larat. Also a sum of £2OOO for repairs, additions, &c.i; to the Lunatic Asylum, Ararat. Allowance for the support of the lepers at Ballarat, at £3 per week, £l2O. The Clunes Borough' Council has received a letter from the Assistant- Commissioner of Roadsand Bridges, intimating that he could not accede to the wishes of the council, as being allowed, compensation by the other bodies interested for the erection of the Cres wick to Clunes toll-gate. At the last meeting of the Clunes Borough Council, a circular was read from the Ararat Borough Council, calling attention to the proposed conference suggested by the council of Ararat in reference to the question of road tolls and maintenance of main roads, and re commending the consideration of the matter. The following extract from a letter written to a gentleman in Beechworth by a friend, at present on a visit to Melbourne, of date 29th July, is given by the 0\. and M. Advertiser-. —“ Chancing to meet Mr Climie in the street on Thursday, I was informed that he had just had an interview with Mr Longmore relative to the Beechworth and Wangaratta railway, and that that gentleman had stated that the Government were willing to subsidise the Beechworth line at the same rate as the Gipps Land, viz, one acre of land for every £2 expended. In a subsequent interview yesterday morning, at which Mr Grant was also present, that promise was confirmed, and so satisfied is Mr Climie of the liberal offer of the Government that he says that were the laud secured, he could raise the capital for the line in twenty-four hours in the Melbourne ' market.” The Cerberus, on her trial trip, will" be in Corio harbor on Saturday, and return to Hobson’s Bay on Monday morning. At the quarterly meeting of the Ballarat Division of the Sons of Temperance the • following brethren were installed in their respective offices by Br James Long, D.M.W.P.:—W.P., Br Somerville; AY. A., Br Morrison; R.S., Br J. Drummond; AF.S., Br James M'Donald; treasurer, Br Benney; J.S., Br Watson; 0.5., Br Hine; C., Br Newman; AC., Br Lambert; chaplain, Br Haine. This division meets every alter nate Wednesday, in what used to be called the Star of the West hotel, but now turned into an assembly room, by Mr Wheeler. Eight new members were made during the quarter, and five entered in the pro position book. The division, on the whole, shows a steady improvement. Victorian friends of the gentlemen mentioned in the following paragraph, who, notwithstanding their distinguished connections in England, are not unknown hi this colony, will no doubt be gratified to learn of their progress, and the impression they succeed in leaving upon those they meet in their travels. “A party of English gentlemen,” says the New York Evening Telegram, 10th May, “ are quartered at the popular St. George’s. They have travelled quite ex tensively in this country, and propose to leave for Eug landbn Saturday night. The names of these gentle men are Messrs Arthur Seddon, Edward Miller, Edwin Trenery, and M. Samuel. They belong to aristocratic families in England, and will carry back with them a very favorable opinion of our country and its people.” A public meeting was held in the Scarsdale'Town hall on. Wednesday evening for the purpose of afford ing the local candidates for borough honors an oppor tunity of addressing the electors. There had not been much publicity given to the notice convening the 'meeting, and the attendance was but small. Mr'Wi Hawkridge presided, and the candidates, namely, Messrs R. Ashe, T. Pormby, E. Knights, sen., and G. J. Jones, spoke -briefly on borough affairs. Each of the candidates received a favorable show of hands. Councillor Blanchard having, at the meeting of the Clunes Borough Council, again called attention to the constitution of the Clunes Water Commission, moved, seconded by Councillor Duncan, and it was carried— “ That the council form itself into a'standing commit tee to watch over the interests of the town in regard to the supply of water and the action of the present commission for that purpose, to conduct all correspon dence on the subject, and consider and deal with all letters received thereupon, three to form a quorum.” The Crown Law Officers having been asked whether under the 39th section" of The Neglected and Criminal Children’s Act 1864, 27 Yict. No. 216 (Extracts No. 5), it is necessary for children who have absconded and have been arrested tohe taken before a court, or whether it is not sufficient for them simply to be re ceived back into the school from which they have ab sconded, to be there detained under the original war rants so long as those warrants have to run, the opinion has been given that such children may be de tained under the original warrants, and that it is un necessary to take them before justices. The disciples of Mr Stevens, the “ New Lights,” or as they are sometimes styled, the “Stevenitea,” ap pear (says the Pleasant Creek News) to be firmly es tablished at Moyston. Though suffering under the temporary eclipse caused by the absence of the lumi nary who founded their order, their zeal and energy appear to suffer no diminution. A few weeks ago, by some means, they received the information that they were to be “ taken up” at a time and place specified and the local representatives of the sect were all in at tendance. The sitting commenced one afternoon, and was continued into the second night, the hopes of the watchers, however, remaining unfulfilled. One of the party—a lady—had taken a pathetic leave of her hus band, in order to ascend with her co-religionists. She was considerably disgusted by his asking her to re commend him a successor, but not even this could deter her from endeavoring to procure a transit to the future residence of the “Lights.” Towards the second evening, however, she fell alarmingly from the high state of grace she had attained, and pronouncing the sect an imposture, and the “ apostle” a false prophet, she severed her connection, with the church, and re turned to the bosom of her family. The faith of the others, however, so far as we can learn, was unshaken, but as nature could hold out no longer without rest and sustenance, they deferred their attempt until the receipt of more correct information as to time and lt is very questionable whether amid all the vagaries of the sect headed by Nunawading Fisher, there exist such absurdities as in this offshoot of com bined ignorance and fanaticism. The people of Queensoliff are now adopting active measures for the extension thereto of railway comma nication. The main arguments in favor of the line are, the quick transit of the mails, the necessity of. military accommodation, and general: traffic from all parts of the colony. • The Williamstown Gas Company has ' declared a dividend,of 10 per cent., and will shortly he able to reduce theprice of gas by 2s 6d per 1000 feet. (The first official despatch from the new Government .of his' Majesty the. King of Fiji was received on Satur day by the Chief Secretary of South Australia. ‘ On the envelope are the words-r-“ Department of Foreign Relations, Fiji, 16 th June, 1871," and the signature, “ John T. Sagar, Minister Foreign'Affairs.” The con tents (says the, RegisterJ have not at present trans pired, but it may be safely presumed- that their great importance will justify their being laid before both Houses of Parliament. - ' ! At the-meeting of the Corioshire Council, held on Wednesday, tenders were: received for the construc tion of works under eight separate contracts. . For these there were no less than eighty-two tenders opened. The selectors in that shire wisely eke but their means by undertaking these road , works. The aggregate amount of the eight tenders accepted was not more than £550. The select committee bn railways held a meeting oh Wednesday. The witnesses examined were Mr Watson, of the Engineer-in-Chief’s department, and Colonel Sankey. The evidence given by Mr Watson had relation principally to the novel steel ’fastenings for rails, and the advantage co the State of our new railway bridges being built of wood instead of the material used. ; Colonel Sankey gave some valuable evidence relative to a Hindoo mode of placing founda tions for bridges and earthworks on a sandy bottom. The plan has .been adopted by English engineers in India with great success. Of course the question of gauge was touched on, and Colonel Sankey gave ex plicit reasonswhy a narrow gauge had been adopted in India. - On Wednesday afternoon a child, about five years old, the son of a brickmaker, named J. H. Sedgman, of Brunswickj'.whilefplayicg about the brickyard, be came entangled in the and got his leg completely denuded of the flesh, and although Dr Talbot, whose services were speedily obtained, suc ceeded in getting the injured parts together, grave doubts exist as to whether or not amputation may yet have to take place. The report and balance-sheet of the Colac Meat preserving Company for the half-year ending 30 th June has been published. From the 22nd May to the 30th of June the company had preserved ,31,162 rabbits, their operations for the six weeks leaving an estimated profit to the shareholders of £l5O 11s lid. Shipments of the preserved articles have been made to Sew South Wales, Queensland, Asiatic Archipelago, and England. In July cattle and kangaroo preserving will be commenced. An attempt at burglary was frustrated at Mary borough (states the Advertiser) last week. Some per sons endeavored to get into the premises of Mr W. Fraser, M.L.A., but Mrs Fraser on hearing them fired off a revolver in the direction of the would-be bur glars, who ignominiously retreated. A deputation from the Victorian Industrial League, consisting of persons mostly interested in the iron trade, was introduced to the Commissioner of Rail ways on Wednesday, by Mr L. L. Smith, M.L.A., their object being to request that the tenders for the loco motive engines required by the Victorian Government might be confined to the colony, but, in the event of a New South Wales firm being successful, that the work might be performed in Victoria. Mr Longmore declined to accede to the request, and stated that suf ficient protection was afforded in the increased freights and charges. The condition of the trade was then brought under the notice of the Commissioner, who remarked that he was aware that the ironworkers had a great deal to contend against. A return was laid before the Assembly on Wednes day, showing the cost of the last six locomotive rail way engines imported, with the number and time of the workmen employed in putting the engines to gether. From the return it appears the cost of each was £2987 14s 2d. This was made up of the following items:—Cost of engine at home, £2427 15s; freight and charges, £273.12s 8d; commission for inspection in England, £72 16s; lightering and traffic charges, £36 2s 2d; cost of erection here, £l3l 4s lOd; stores, &c.;, £46 3s 6d. ' Another instance of the busses faire policy.of the late Ministry (remarks the Aye) was brought' to light in the Assembly on Wednesday night. It seems that for some time past ■ the Victorian Government have been paying an engineer or engineers in England to inspect railway plant constructed there for this colony. The amount paid has been a percentage on the amount of the contract. Not only has this inspection been unnecessary, as the manufacturers themselves should be held responsible for the due performance of their contract, but it has not been effective. Mr Longmore stated these persons would be dismissed, as he con sidered .that at present they were obtaining money under false pretences. Fisher, the Nuuawading messiah (says the Age) is not without a rival in Victoria. Flemington, as well as Nunawading, can boast of having a fanatic. The Flemington messiah is a young man of good education. He is, howevar, averse to polygamy or concubinage. His followers declare that bis prophecies have had a remarkable fulfilment, and place implicit faith in his professions. It would be no wonder if in every town ship of the colony pseudo messiahs were to spring up. The notion is just one of those that are epidemic in their character. Victoria may yet rival America with its outre religious systems; and a future, or even the present, Hepworth Dixon may find it worth while to visit the colony for the purpose of producing a sensa tional description of our religious movements. Says the Telegraph-. —“ As much inconvenience and unnecessary expense have been caused to members of the police who have been transferred to country dis tricts in consequence of their not being informed to what stations they • will be sent, it is intimated that for the future each officer in charge of a district, when applying for a constable, either to,fill a vacancy or as an increase to the strength of the district,: will report to the Chief Commissioner the name of the station for which he is required, and whether a married or single constable is wanted.” ' The time for receiving tenders for the construction of the locomotive railway engines advertised by the Railway Department has been extended to the 18th inst. At the first meeting of the newly-formed Riverine Meat-preserving Company, Eehuca (Limited), held in Melbourne, on Tuesday, Mr G. P. Desailly occupied the chair. The report of the provisional directors stated that 2084 shares in the company had been taken up, and promises given ■ for 2400. The plant and premises of the late company at Echuca had been purchased for £6OOO, being £3OOO in cash and the balance at three years, bearing 6 per cent, interest, payable half-yearly, and this the directors considered o good and satisfactory purchase. Possession was ob tained at the close of June, and on the 27th July pre serving operations were commenced. The report was adopted, and the rules of association were then consi dered and agreed to.- The question of whether shire councils are answer able for damages done to lauds.by cutting drains through them was raised on Tuesday in the Geelong County Court. A farmer named Cleland sued the Barrabool shire Council for £7O, for damage done to his land through the cutting of a drain through it. It was contended for the defence that the shire council was not liable for damage done by a drain cut for the public benefit, and Judge Forbes sustained that view by dismissing the case, with costs-to the de fendants. It is intended to appoint a selectcommittee, con sisting of the following members, to report upon the alteration necessary in the distribution of members to constituencies, to secure an effectual. representation of the people in Parliament on the basis of popula tion as ascertained by the last census, viz., Messrs Rayles, Casey, Fergusson,. Jones, M'Kenna, Philipps, O’Grady, Ramsay, Vide, Walker, Witt, and Wrixon. Prentice’s gun cotton (remarks the Age) seems to be in great demand in England. In reply to an order sent from.here some time since, the person to whom -the commission to buy was forwarded has returned to his principal. in Melbourne the following message, which came by the last mail:— t: No use trying Pren tice, he is busy on Government orders. The mining community in England cannot get supplied them selves." Wednesday’s Age says: —“'A board, consisting of Mr Panton, P.M., Mr Wright (sheriff of the Melbourne district), and Mr Lane (of H.M. Customs, Geelong), ■will sit this morning at the Geelong post-office to con sider a complaint made by. Mr Conley, a sharebroker of Geelong, who alleges that a clerk in the Telegraph Department, named James, employed in the Geelong office, has been trafficking in mining shares, and using information gained in the office (and for which Conley paid) for his own advantage.” Thirty-five men and five boys are at present em ployed by the proprietors of the Geelong meat- pre serving establishment. Two thousand tins were placed in the testing-room on Monday, which number will ■ gradually be increased as the appliances are ready for work. A quantity of tallow and skins has also been placed in the market. A return was laid before Parliament on Tuesday night showing the distribution of the vote of £4OOO for agricultural societies for 1870. Only £3749 7s 4d was expended, the balance, £250 12s Bd, lapsing. The societies getting over £lOO were—Glenlyon, Franklin ’ and Daylesford, £119; Victoria, £120; Glendaruel £132; Western District Pastoral, £152; Bendigo’ £302; Smeaton, £308; Kyneton, £320; Qeelomr’ £328; Ballarat, £523. The hounds will meet this day at Brazenor’s hotel, cattle-yards, at quarter-past two o’clock, under the charge of the master, Mr Wiggins. There will he a fine kangaroo turned loose, which is expected to cause a smart run. The weather promising to be fine, there should he a good turn out of horsemen. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Horticultural Society will be held at Craig’s, at eleven o’clock, on Saturday morning. Business—“To consider the report of the sub-committee upon the proposed amendments of the Thistle Eradication Statute, the prize list for the annual spring show, the nomination of judges for the. same, and other business.” The first of a series of special readings on behalf of All Saints Church debt, is announced for this evening in the school-room, Drummond street. An.exoellent programme has been prepared, and a large assembly may be expected. 