A Visit from the Dead. Sergeant Larner is to act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon, who some years since acted as Chinese interpreter at Ballarat, waited on the sergeant to ask his advice upon a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night he was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed, and looking out, saw vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figures, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more, returned to his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and this time when Ah Coon went to the door, he says the figures were more distinct, and he saw that the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman with a long white beard. Again the procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before he opened the door. He was sure his visitors were from the other world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead and left them unfulfilled. He suddenly recollected that when the cemetery authorities had, on account of the danger, objected to the burning of paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a small fireplace and chimney erected there for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not car- ried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this con- clusion, Ah Coon went to the door, and found the ghosts drawn up in a semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising to have the chimney erected, and apologising for bringing them out in such weather. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fireplace, and has since slept undisturbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by some thing pulling his shoulder, and when be opened his eyes he saw a large cat with a white breast standing beside him. He knew, from the cat's behaviour, that it was not of this earth, but it did not appear to understand Chinese when he addressed it in that language, and the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered that in China, the land of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints; but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon overcame all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron tea-tray, and having smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white-breasted cat understood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea bay that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gulty, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inquest was held, the body might not be mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buried after an inquest, at which there was no post-mortem examination, had been held. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he should do in the event of another visit of the same kind, but Larner informed him that the thing was "out of his line."— Bendigo Advertiser. Fatal Accident— Last Friday an accident hap- pened to a young man named William Kellett, which has since been attended with fatal results. It appears that the deceased and some other young men were returning home from Kempsey on Friday, and when near Greenhill, the horse he was riding became restive, and getting off the road ran his rider against a tree. He was taken up by his companions and brought to Mr. Poole's Star Inn, where he was attended by Dr. Gabriel. The doctor found the unfortunate young man suffering from concussion of the brain, from which he died on Tuesday last. The district coroner held an inquest on the following day, and a verdict was returned to the effect that the deceased died from injuries accidentally received through coming in con- tact with a tree whilst returning home on horseback. The evidence went to show that the deceased was sober at the time of the accident. The funeral of the deceased took place on Wednesday, and was respect- ably attended — Macleay Herald. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT SINGLETON. — We have to record a serious loss sustained by Mr. George Thomas Loder, of Wylie Flat, Singleton, by the destruction of five stacks of lucerne hay, estimated to contain at least sixty tons. From the information kindly placed at our disposal by Mr. Loder, we glean that he was returning home from Sydney on Sunday morning, and when passing by the stacks in question, about 11 o'clock, they were all right. Mr. A. Hooke, of Ham- bleton Hill, passed by the stacks on his way from church, about 2 o'clock, when everything appeared all right about them. A little after 3 o'clock, however, Mr. Loder's son noticed smoke and flames issuing from one of the five stacks. He reported it to his father, and both ran down to the stacks, which were at a distance of about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Loder's house, towards Singleton. A small stack farthest from the house had evidently caught fire first, and from that the fire extended to the others in a very short time. Every effort to save the five stacks from destruction proved fruitless; the heat was most intense, and it was impossible to get within yards from the burning mass. The stacks were enclosed by a four-rail fence, and a flock of sheep were sometimes yarded in the stockyard at night, so that any grass or herbage growing in the yard would be trod into the ground; so that if the grass outside the fence accidentally took fire it was not probable that it would extend to the stacks. Mr. Loder, there- fore, is almost certain that the fire must have originated in the stackyard, but up to the present time no clue has been discovered as to the cause of it. Several children were passing the stacks with some milking cows before the fire was first seen, and it is just pos- sible that they may have lighted matches there, although all of them denied having been near the stack when questioned. At all events no definite clue has yet been obtained as to the origin of this destructive fire. The loss was still more annoying to Mr. Loder, as he had just made arrangements.to get the hay pressed for the purpose of sending it to market— Maitland Mercury. 