MONDAY, MAY 8, 1871. The autumn is over, and the migra- tory portion of our population has re- turned to its winter quarters in Mel- bourne. By this time the "wallaby " track" has lost all charm both for indus- trious itinerants, who find occupation as extra hands for the season upon farms and stations, ~uaa whose summer savings are sufficient to cover their winter expenditure, and also for the i loafers who sponge upon the hoapi tality of tho squatters. "We may soen expect, therefore, to hear of meetings of "the unemployed" being convened just before the departure of tho mail, and to find that any proposal to promote immigration is mot with opposition from political agitators, who make up by clamour for what tbey want in numbers and argument. Hitherto successive Governments have weakly deferred toa purely fictitious " voice of " the people," and a few hundreds of noisy idlers, such as can always bo got together at an hour's notice for any purpose whatever in this city, have met and passed indignant resolutions . against " swamping the labour market," i as they are pleased to misname immigration, and have had as much weight with the Legislature as if they really represented public opinion. It has not unfrequently happened that the Eastern - market, Mel- bourne, has dictated the policy of the Government upon this all-important question, in direct antagonism to the vital interests of the colony, just as the worst portion of the population of the Parisian faubourgs has often imposed upon the French people a form of government which the great bulk of them detested. For the time to come, however, it will behove our Legislature to consult the sentiments and the well-being of the whole colony in preference to timidly listening to the mistaken clamours of the so-called "unemployed," who take advantage of the dead season of the year to raise an anti-immigration howl. Our whole policy for the last 10 years has been shaped with an ultimate view to immigration. For what pur- pose have we thrown open the lands, but to invite population from Europe 1 To what end have we burdened ourselveB with a heavy debt for the construction of railways? Not for the convenience of the mere handful of people now in the colony, but in order to facilitate the settlement of the tens of thousands whom we hope to bring hither, and who will thus be provided with access to the best markets of the colony for their produce, and to the chief seaports of Victoria for their surplus. In every aspect-political, social, admi- nistrative, and industrial-in which the country can be viewed, it resembles agreafc skeleton, which requires to be clothed with flesh and blood, nerve and muscle, to enable it to fulfil its vital functions, and to qualify it to play the distin- guished part we all hope and believe it will assume whenever its population shall be commensurate with its area. American statists point out with just pride that " the 'augmentation of the " population of that country from ex " ternal sources corresponds exactly with " the equally accelerating increase of " its material prosperity? Bat for immigration, it is added, "instead " of setting up a just claim to being " the freest, most prosperous, most " powerful nation on the globe, we " should probably be only a third or " fourth rate power, lacking many ele " ments of national strength -and great " ness, and dwarfed in tho resources for " resisting foreign aggression." We admittedly occupy a disadvan- tageous position, relatively to America, as a field of immigration, owing in part to our geographical distance from Eu rope, and in part to the greater diversities of employment presented in older and more thickly peopled settle- ments. To remove the first of thèse disabilities must be our primary effort ; the second will disappear in due time. Nor has any mode of accomplishing this object presented itself so feasible and so efficacious as the establishment of a powerful line of steamers between Eng- land and Australia, via the Cape, and capable of making the run in six weeks or less. Every shilling of subsidy voted to such a line would be returned to the Treasury a hundredfold. Every able bodied adult thus added to our popula- tion has cost the country in which he was reared-or, to speak more precisely, has cost his family and friends-at least a couple of hundred pounds. He comes to us a ready-made instrument of in- dustry-a producer who has consumed no portion of our common stock while he was passing through the epoch of dependence upon others. Thenceforth he co-operates with us in increasing the wealth of the whole community, and in sustaining his share of the expenses of government. As a taxpayer he will contribute something like three pounds per annum to the income of the state ; so that, assuming the state to have ad- vanced £10 in the first instance for his passage-money, in twenty years he will have recouped that amount six times over. But the experience of America justifies us in asserting that immigration makes a positive and imme- diate addition to the capital of the country which receives the influx. The commissioners of immigration in New York keep an exact account of the money or property which each immi- grant brings with him, and it is found among the Germans to average £20 for each male adult. Now, the immigration of Germans into the United States is not less than 100,000 per annum. Here, then, is an addition of £2,000,000 sterling to the wealth of the United States from this source alone, irrespec- tive of the values which the immigrants immediately begin to create. And it may be remarked that the Çrermans emigrate in families or companies, from the same localities, carrying their house- hold furniture with them, and proceed at once to the land they propose to clear and cultivate. Need we point oat the advantages which would accrue to the Colony if we could attract to it immigrants of this class from Great Britain, Germany, Scandinavia, Italy, and France 1 What would be a pitiful hundred thousand per annum to expend when it would bring us millions in return % We should not only obtain additional labour but addi- tional capita], and capitalists to set labour in motion. And as population becomes less sparse, new modes of em- ployment are created and new channels of enterprise present themselves for both money and manual skill. To argue that immigration is unneces- sary because wo happen to bo experienc- ing that temporary depression of the labour market which invariably occurs at the beginning of the winter, is puerile in the extreme. Immigration is, indeed, the true remedy for that depression j since, as we have just remarked, the more dense the population of a country the greater the diversities of occupa- tion which, exist, and the moro numerous the opportunities which present themselves for the transfer of labour from one employment to an- other, according to the seasons. We seo it already exemplified to some extent in this city, where tho small traders are obliged to adapt their dealings to the varying produce of the year, a good deal of which was formerly unattainable. The main value of the Cape line of steamers consists in its adaptability to the purposes of immigration. As a mall route, it cannot be expected to compete .with and is inferior to tho Suez and California lines j but as a successful solu- tion of the problem, " how to bridge " the ocean between Europe and Aus " tralia," it puts forth the strongest claims upon public approbation and sup- port ; and we are glad to leam that the Chief Secretary is still negotiating with shipowners in the mother country with a view to securing for the colony the immense advantages winch such a line of steamers is calculated to confer upon it. In the political as in the moral world, " the ill which men do lives after them," even if they succeed in accomplishing nothing beyond the establishment of an evil example. Mr. HIGIKBOTHAM, in his blind worship of majorities and that peculiar form of light and wisdom which, in his belief, is the inalienable attribute of mere numbers, endeavoured unsuccessfully to introduce some clauses into the new Publicans Act embodying what is known as the "permissive" principle; and although ho no longer haunts the Legislative arena, but scales in private the giddy heights of that tran- scendental political philosophy which ho affects, his mantle has fallen on other shoulders, and Mr. CASEY has taken up the task which an unappreciatlve consti- tuency would not permit his great master to fulfil. The bill which thiB gentleman ha3 introduced has not yet been distributed, but if, as its stepfathes^informs us, it merely embodies the permissive clauses which Mr. HIGINBOTHAM attempted to insert in the Publicans Act, it ia vicious in principle, and therefore cannot fail to be injurious in its operation. And it is to the principle of the measure to which we wish to direct attention, as the machinery for attaining the end in view is of infinitesimal importance in comparison. The proposition submitted for the 'acceptance of the House and the country is simple enough. It is pro- posed that whenever two-thirds of the inhabitants -of any district object to tho use of intoxicating liquors, the remain- ing third shall bo compelled to adopt their views. Such a proposal is at once unjust, impolitic, and foolish. It is unjust, because liberty of individual action is the undoubted right of every man, and any attempt to compel him to model his life and conduct according to the dictates of others to the destruction of his own individuality, is the grossest tyranny, and this is equally true even i£ by following the prescribed rules he would promote ¡his own happiness and well-being, It must be evident to every thinking person that to take from a man the sole control of his individual, as distinguished from his social actions, is most unfair ; for while society can coerce him into the adoption of a certain course, it cannot relieve him from his personal responsibility. If there is any virtue in this new-fangled idea concern- ing the right of the majority to control the private life of the minority, of coarse it is of equal force whether applied ono way or the other. But imagine what might take place if this doctrino were only impartially applied. It might so happen that the two-thirds in whom it is proposed to vest the power might be bibulous knaves-men believing in the virtues of malt and hops, and fully impressed with the merits of "whiskey " hot," as a comforting, humanising, and exhilarating agent. No doubt they could biing forward many instances of tho fatal effects which very often follow an entire abstinence from spirituous and fermented liquors. They could tell of homes made unhappy by the long' faces and acidulated dispositions of teetotal saints, and point to the general intem- perance of action and speech by which those who abjure the juico of the grape compensate themselves for their self-denial. Tollo wing up their ideas to their legitimate conclusion, they might determine that they would no longer have their neighbourhood in- fested by a number of sour-visaged, hungry- looking men, and, with a view to their improvement in personal appear- ance and geniality o'f demeanour, might resolve that each person should take his beer during the day and his grog beforo going to bed, or-as Mr. HIOINBOTHAM put it-quit the district, and if that would not free him from his jovial per- secutors, he would have the further option of leaving the colony, shaking off the dust from his feet as a testimony against it should such a proceeding afford hisoverwroughtfeelings any relief. Some, no doubt, will bet ready to say that this is a reduclio ad ahsurdum, but it is no such thing. According to the old say- ing, "what is sauce for the goose is " sauce for the gander." In imagining such a case, ridiculous as it may appear, we have simply been carrying the argu- ment concerning the rights of majorities to its legitimate and logical conclusion. If a majority has a right-and this we dispute-to keep men out of public houses, a majority baB also a right to force them in. The two must Btand or fall together. We have said also that the proposi- tion under notice is impolitic. Few will deny thal the great object a states- man should keep in view in legislating for a nation, is to so frame the laws as that those living under thom may take an active and willing part in carrying them into execution. Does any one outside the Yarra Bend Asylum imagine that any such result would follow the enactment of a " permissive " bill? You cannot make men think that, because their neighbours do not like cer- tain things, that therefore they aro wrong. Laws to be willingly obeyed must approve themselves to our moral nature¡ and it is impossible to clothe the crotchets of any crack-brained enthu- siast with that dignity which would en- title them to respect. Nothing is to be more stroDgly deprecated than the mul- tiplication of artificial offences-arti- ficial, becauBO they are not founded on any great universal principle, but proceed from the operation of laws passed to gratify the whim of the hour or the folly of a clique. Laws so made aro systematically violated. But they do not sink into contempt alone. They drag down with them all those other legal restraints which are necessary to Ho very existence of society ; and thus the respect which ought to be due to the institutions of the country is materially lessened. We will give one other reason to show the impolicy of the pro- posed measure, It should be our aim to mai?e the manhood of the country self reliant and self-respecting. We do not want to have our adults swaddled in the hands of law until they pass without any intervening space of time from a feoble childhood to a senile old age ; hut we want them to live as free men should-each asserting his dignity, while avoiding any outrage to that of others. If we would cultivate among our population habits of self-respect, .self-restraint, and self-reliance, we must leave each man free to rule his individual conduct according to the dictates of his conscience, leaving experience to teach him her sometimes bitter, but always useful, lessons for his guidance. It is in this way that men are reared-all other schemes produce only so much human machinery. In the last place, we have affirmed ihat the permissive principle is foolish. What have all former attempts to make ,men religious or wiso, temperate or chaste, by act of Parliament come to 1 Is not the page of history strewn with the wrecks of systems elaborated with much patient skill and careful toll, but which, being in opposition to those general principles which have swayed mankind in every age of the world, have had " their day, and ceaso to be." Those, however, who, when * the world was younger, Btrove with the imperfect light they had to supply wants they were conscious of, and cure the evils by which they were surrounded, had no compass by which to steer. Historical Inowledge did not to them unfold her ample pago ; but we cannot plead such an excuse, We know that all those nostrums which are forced upon our notice by political empirics, have been tried long ago, and been found want- ing, and yet, instead of going to the root of the evils wo deplore, we content ourselves with applying quack remedies to tho extremities. A tree will always be known by its fruit, and when- ever we see that that is bad, we may be sure that the current of its life Is tainted. Ko amount of care and coddling will remedy the matter ; we may prune the branches unto a perfect symmetry, and protect tho fruit with the utmost care, but the corruption which lies at the root will bailie all our efforts and render nugatory all our plans. So with our social life. If we would have " tem " perance, soberness, and chastity" as the guiding principles of our body politic, we must not set about forcing them by acts of Parliament, but we must implant in the hearts and minds of the people those principles without which their produc- tion is impossible. It is to the elevating and refining influence of general educa- tion, and not to penal or sumptuary laws, that wo must look if we would foster that righteousness of thought and action which we are told on high autho- rity " exalteth a nation." The gratitude of all thieves is due to ihe City Council for their determination not to light the Sydney-road any more. Thieves have a general dislike to light, and look upon gas companies as their natural enemies. Their deeds being evil, a gas-lamp fills their breasts with emotions in which benevolence towards tho human race is not a prominent ele- ment. It interferes with their business, and, from a thieves' point of view, lhieves must live, and they cannot well practise that special branch of their calling, known as sticking-up, on a road brilliantly illuminated. The City Council having determined to put an end to the illumination, the gentlemen who frequent the outskirts of the city of an evening for the purpose of pur- suing their vocation, very naturally are cheered at the prospect of being able to pursue it with as little interruption as possible. For what with the increased vigilance of the police and the spread of buildings In the suburbs, every winter indB the highwayman put to greater straits. He must have begun to fear that shortly he will be driven to honesty and industry for his living-a possibility at which his soul Bhudders. The City Council, according to " Viator's" letter, in our issue of Fri- day, receive about "1,500 a year as their share of the tolls on this road, in addition to rates upon the property, Tïhicb is becoming of considerably in- creased value; but as lhere seems to be some dispute with the Borough Council of Brunswick as to the share which each council shall take in maintaining lue road, the City Council are appa- rently determined to compel the Bruns- wick Borough Council to accept their Jiew of the question in dispute, and so ¡Wo left the road to its, fate, and are now about to leave the travellers on the load to their fate also. The withdrawal of the lighting is «specially unreasonable, seeing that for lor some timo after the lamps were placed on this road the revenue derived «ora the tolls and other sources was sot so large as it is now, It is possible «at the corporation, having in view «o beautifying of the wildernesses more ?^odiately near the centre of the city, ant. the great cost to be incurred in this ttork of landscape gardening, have be pQ by economising in the matter of «ght. Nobody of course will deny that economy i3 a good thing, especially in public bodies; but the most rigid muni clPal economist who happens to be garotted between North Melbourne and «e Brunswick toll-bar will hardly bear ¡^sufferings uncomplainingly, especially J« he passes the Town-hall, and thinks « himself that the splendour of that palace has been purchased by the loss of his money and the damage done to his windpipe. In truth, the Sydney-road between the Royal and Prince's Park, is a road to fill any traveller at night with dread, and any bushranger with delight. It is a cheerless, silent, lugubrious road, and perhaps none of the approaches to this city are so greatly in need of being ht up as this. It is not supposed, of course, that gas-lamps are u certain protec- tive against being garotted and robbed, for robbery and garotting take place in Bourke-street sometimes, but they are some protection, and as most people travelling along such a road at night are supposed to have thoir wits about them, the light prevents them being taken entirely unawares. It is un- fortunate that no city councillors live out in that direction. An alderman half choked and entirely plundered, would be the most effectual means to induce the corporation to rescind the very unreasonable resolution of putting the extinguisher upon -the lights on this thieves' domain. Perhaps "Viator" could Invite one or two out to dinner occasionally, and let them walk home on foot, making the fact as generally known as possible. Tbe City Council will meet at noon to-day to finish the business left from last meeting, including the hearing of appoals against tho valuation of rateable property in the city, To-morrow the quarterly meeting will tako place at noon. This meeting also constitutes the half-yearly meeting of the council. We are sorry to have to announce tho death of Mr. John Robinson Bailey, a mem- ber of the firm of Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co., warehousemen. The de- ceased gentleman, who it will bo remembered at one time held the position of Minister of the Crown, had been ailing for some time, and during the last three months he bos boen gradually sinking under the influence of a severo internal disease. His death took placo at his residence at Vaucluse, Richmond, at about 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Mr, Bailey, who at tho time of his death was aged 45 years, was born in Leicester. He ar- rived in this colony in June, 1852, and at once became engaged with st firm in tho soft goods business. He soon afterwards started in tho same business on bis own account in Malop streot, Geelong, and about 12 months later inorcased his operations hy joining, os a partner, with Mr. Honey, under the title of " Bailey and Honey." Subsequently, he bought some agricultural land at Waurn Ponds, where Germantown now stands, and lived as a farmor on this proporty for four of five years. At the same time he took part in tho editorial work of a Geelong newspaper. In 1858 he went to Ballarat, where he undertook tho editorship of tbo Ballarat Star, which ho retained till he went into Parliament. Mr Bailey had contested an election at Geelong in 185G, but was unsuccessful. He was, in August, 1859, returned for Ballarat West, and in Octo- ber of the same year he becamo Postmaster. General under the Nicholson Administration. After holding this office for a year, Mr. Bailey became Commissioner of Customs, a posi. tion which he held only a month. His briof Parliamentary careor ended in February, 1861, and shortly afterwards he entered the service of tho firm of Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co,, of which ho soon became a partner, which he continued to be till his death. Mr. Bailey was about two years ago appointed a j us tico of peace for the Melbourne district, Ho has left a wife and six children. His funeral will take place on Tuesday next in the Kew Cemetery, Tho first day of the Randwick Raeos, which came off on Saturday, was very success_ ful, so far as fine weather and good attend] ance were concerned. The Trial Stakes fell to Lottery, who was in much better form than the touts thought him, as he won tbo race in very much faster time than Trump Cord was able to do it in last year. The Cham- pagne Stakes, in which for tho first time this year the two-year-olds of Victoria were to meet thoso of New South Wales was for some time looked forward to with the greatest interest, but of late there has been such a very strong opinion that Mr. Dowling could win with whichever he pleased, that it only wantod his declaration to place one of them at evons against the field. The result proved that the estimate was a correct one, as the Sydney division had not the slightest chanco with the magnificent youngstors from tho Maribyrnong» stud, who came in first and second, nothing else, near. Hamlet winning in a canter in lm. 8s. Tho St. Leger was another victory for the first favourite. On the retirement of Florence, Lady Clifden at once was installed at the head of the betting list, and the only circumstance that caused her to be at all unsteady in the market was the fact that, shortly before tho race came off, she became the property of a Melbourne hook maker. Challenger, the only colt that was thought likely to have a chanco, was beaten by The Count for second place, The Spy was made a very strong favourite for the Autumn Stakes, and from his performance in the Homebush Cup, where he did two miles in 3min. 3Gsec, his victory was considered as certain. However, the extra weight of 2st all but lib., was too much for him, and after a game struggle, he was beaten by Illumina- tion, Blaithwaite, who has been made such a favourite for the Cup, could only securo third place. The Doncaster Handicap wa3 an excellent raco, resulting in a dead heat between Lottery and Sir "William, who ran a dead heat for second place with Milesian in this race last year. The owners agreed to divide the stakes. The members of the Melbourno Hnnt had a by day on Saturday at Heidelberg. The game hunted was a deer that had been caught a few days before in tho neighbourhood. Although the weather was very unpleasant, 15 of the regulars assembled, and thoir pluck in turn- ing out was rewarded by having a very merry burst for five miles, when the deor was taken without being injured. At the ordinary meeting of tho Royal Socioty of Victoria, to be held in the hall this evening, Mr. A. K. Smith, CK, will describo a self-acting hydrostatic weight for large clocks, chimes, &c.; It is also expected that some information will be afforded respecting the proposed expedition to witness the solar eclipse at the Gulf of Carpentaria in De- cember, In consequence of the advance in the price of flour, the mastorbakers of Molbourne and buburbs havo this morning raised the price of the 41b. loaf from 7d. to 8d. The exhibition of drawings by students of the schools of design, to which we have formerly made reference, will be opened at 2 o'clock to-day, at the Public Library. The ontrance to the exhibition will bo in Latrobe-street, and admission will be free. Gentlemen appointed as judges are invited to moot the Technological Commissioners at noon. Tho Government astronomer reports : "Tho weather during the past week was generally fine, but rather dull, with light rain showers on the 1st, 4th, 5tb, and 6th, and very sultry on the 1st and 3rd. The.highest temperature in the shade, 71'2deg., was recorded on the afternoon of the 3rd ; the lowest, 43'Odeg., on the morning of the Oth. The highest reading of tho baromoter, 30'OCliu., occurred on the morning of the 30lb, with light south-easterly wind; the lowest, 29'748in,t on fjhe afternoon of the 1st, with light and variable winds and sultry weather. A denso fog occurred on the mom ÏDg of tlio 1st, and vivid lightning on the evening of the 3rd. Kain fell to the amount of 0'31in., making the total rainfall since the beginningof theyearlû'20in. as compared with 8 81in. during the samo period in 1870, 5'24 in 1869, ß'SO in 1868, 0 09 in 1867, 4 76 in 1866, 2 86 in 1865, 11 "44 in 1864, 10 45inl863,7'46 in 1862, Hil in 1861, 8 06 in I860, 515 in 1859, 7'85 in 1858 ; or an average of 7'58in." The dispute between the Band of Hope and Albion Company and the St. George Company was again before the Supreme Court on Satur- day on appeal from Mr. Justice Molesworth's decision, Plaintiffs «ought for an injunction to restrain the defendants from mining on land known as Farquhars block, and under Plensant-street. His . Honour refused the injunction as regarded Fnrquhar's block, but in regard to the street would grant it conditionally on the plaintiffs consenting to being also restrained from mining under it. As the Band of Hope and Albion Com- pany would bo the only sufferers by consent- ing to such an injunction, they refused to accept the terms, drew up the order as refus- ing their application, and appealed to the full Court, which reserved its decision. The committee appointed at a meeting of the theatrical and musical professions at the Haymarket Theatro, to consider the best means to insure tho ropeal of the present law relating to theatrical licences, held their meeting on Saturday, at 2 o'clock, at the Polytechnic-hall (Mr. George Lewis, of St. Kilda, in the chair), and adopted a petition, to be presented on Tuesday noxt to the House of Assembly. The petition adopted has boen signed by almost the whole of the tho. atricaland musical professions, including*tho managements and companies of the Opera Houso, Theatre Royal, and Haymarket Theatre, Melbourne, also the managers and companies of the Theatre Boyal, Ballarat, and Lyceum Theatro, Sandhurst, also ladies and gentlemen unconnected with any esta- blishment at the present time, It was also determined that, in order to raise funds, an entertainment should be given on Friday night next, at the Polytechnic hall, which Mr. L. L. Smith has kindly placed at the dis- posal of the committee, with gas, free of charge. Mr. C. E, Horsley, Mr. Goorge Lewis, Mrs. George Lewis (late Miss Roso Edouin), Mr. Barlow, and othor principal performers, have kindly consented to render their services gratuitously on that occasion. The Bourke General Sessions for this month were concluded on Saturday, when the remaining appeal cases were disposed of. In Be Eliza Foster v. the Magistrale» of Fitz roy, being an appeal agaúrnt a conviction for assault, an adjournment to the next sessions was applied for, on the ground that counsel were not ready to proceed, and tho Court granted the request. The amount of the costs to be fixed in the appeal of Heller v. the Brunswick Bench was brought before tho Court, and the Chairman fixed them at £10 10s. Greenslade v. Greenglade, an appeal against a maintenance order, was postponed until next sessions, the case having been sent up too late to be heard at the May sittings. A meeting of wholesale fishermen who use the Melbourne market for the disposal of their fish was held on Saturday night at the Pier Hotel, Sandridge. Mr. Thomas, M.L A. occupied the chair, and about 20 persons were present. The meeting was convened for the purpose of trying to do away with the excessive charges levied on fish and other articles of food sold in the Fish Market. From the statements made by the fishermen, it appears that 3d. is charged on every basket of fish, the measure- ment of baskets being generally about two cubic feet ; that 1d. is levied on every pair of rabbits, ½d. on every pair of birds, 1s. on every bag of oysters (the bags holding about three bushels), and 2d. per dozen on crabs or crawfish. The fishermen considered these charges far too high, more especially as they said that fish were sometimes sold so low that they did not pay what it cost to take them to market. It was computed that about 27,000 baskets of fish wore sold in the market in the course of the last twelve months; that for the last season of six months about 2,000 pairs of rabbits were taken into the market; and that during the first half of the eight months' season for birds there was something like as many pairs of tbem sold in tho market as there were of rabbits. The charges levied on tho wholesale fishermen were exclusive of what the retail dealers or hawkers have to pay to the corpora, tion, and the charges paid or payable by the dealers or hawkers when they got their articles out of the market were said to be about equal to what was paid by the whole- sale dealers inside it. After some considera- tion, tho following resolution, defining what tho meeting considered fair charges, was proposed by Mr. Mentiplay, and se- conded by Mr. John Ray: - "That the present charges on fish and other articles sold in the Fish Market are excessive, and that the following scale is a fair and reason able one, namely: - 1d. per basket on fish, 1d. on every dozen pairs of rabbits, ½d. on every dozen pairs of birds, 2d. per bag on oysters, and 1d. per dozen on crawfish." The resolution was carried unanimously, as was also another, that a petition should be drawn up in accordance with the previous resolu- tion and presented to the City Council. Messrs, Fookes, Mentiplay, Ray, Ellis, and Hyde were appointed a committee to draw up the petition. Mr. M'Kean was yesterday no worse than he has been since the fall from his horse by which ho sustained concussion of the brain. . The machinery of the Victoria Meat-pre- serving Company is found to have been little damaged by the lato fire at the works on the Saltwater River. Steam was got up on Satur- day, and operations could be resumed to a moderate extent at once. It is expected that they will be commenced within a week. The claim of the company upon the Victoria In. suranco Company has been favourably re ported upon by the insurance officers. The audience in the Emerald-hill police court wore kept amused for over an hour on Saturday last during the hearing of a neigh- bours' quarrel. Mrs. Doran and Mrs. White" head-for, as usual, the parties in the quarrel were women-lived close to one another in Market-street, but from some unex plained cause they had buen for some time back on very bad terms. In one of their rather frequent disputes, Mrs. Doran was said to have threatened to "cook" Mrs. Whitehead. This horrid threat the latter appeared to think justified her in proceeding to any extremity. Accordingly, on Wednes- day last, after indulging in a fow very in- delicate remarks, she rushed at Mrs. Doran, and twining her hands in that lady's back hair procecdod very vigorously to tear it out by tho roots. A scufile of course ensued, in which Mrs. Whitehead got the worst, though sho still clung to her grip, and it was with considerable' difficulty that the two women could bo separated. The law was at once appealed to ; Mrs. Doran was summoned for an unlawful assault, and Mrs. Whitehead for using abusive language. The latter, when before tho court, attempted to excito the sympathy of the magistrates, by in- forming them that she was in an interesting condition ; on which Mrs. Doran, not to bo outdone, stated with pardonable pride that she was a little moro so than her opponent The Bench thought Mrs. Whitehead to blame, and fined her 30s., with 80s, costs ; the charge against Mrs. Doran was dismissed. The detectives are making further dis. coveriesin the matter of the insolvent Bloch's concealed property. On Saturday about 1,400 bags of different kinds of grain wore received from Tasmania, consigned to Mr. Sterne, of Melbourno, and the assignee has attached the purchase-money with a view to future pro- ceedings in the matter. A suicide under rather unusual circutn. stances was committed by a woman named Maria Harlow, in Collingwood, on Friday last. Tho woman, who was about 45 years old, and lived in a lane off Victoria' street, below Wellington-street, had been twice married, but about threo weeks ago sho and her second husband sepa- rated by mutual consont, and Bince that time she bal been depressed and low spirited. On Thursday she went to see the husband, but he would not speak to her, and she took this much to heart, and was heard by the neighbours speaking very incoherently. On Friday night at about 10 o'clock some un- usual noises excited tho suspicions of the neighbours, who went into the house and found Mrs. Harlow insensible, with her arm severely cut. There wore near her a bottle of brandy and a bottle of laudanum, and she had evidently drank a large dose from the latter-it is sup- posed about an ounce Mr. Crooke was sent for, but as ho was not in, his assistant went to the place and applied the stomach- pump Mr. Crooke afterwards arrived, and again used the pump, but the poison had by this time become absorbed. Hethenapplied astronggal vanic battery, and also ammonia-¡not by injec- tion, but by inhalation. Endeavours were also made to revive the woman by friction and tho application of brandy, and this treatment being kept up all day the patient rallied .for a short time. The poisonous dose had been appa- rently too strong, however, and tho woman relapsed, and sank gradually till about half past 9 in tho evening, when she died. The wound sho had inflicted on her arm, appa- rently with the object of being bled to death, was severo, and a quantity of blood was lost, but the cut being high up did not sever any large blood vessel. The deceased is spoken of as being a respectable woman, well liked by the neighbours, and she hold a life interest in cortain property which was after death to rovert to her children, stated to be four in number. Tho disagreement with her husband is believed to have been the cause of her determined suicide. An inquest will take place. A wardsmon in the Melbourne Hospital, named Wm, Green, died on Friday, and yesterday, when be was buried, the body was followed to the grave by Mr. Williams, secre- tary, and 33 other employés of the institution. The deceased, who was between 50 and CO years old, had been seven or eight years em- ployed at the hospital, and was taken ill suddenly on the day of his death. Paralysis and apoplexy were the causes of death. The football,match-Natives v. the World -which was to have been played on the ground of the M.C.C. on Saturday, was post- poned until next week, in consequence of the unfavourable weather. The Molbourne Football Club, howover, played a scratch match in Richmond-paddock, and had some very good practice. The annual general meeting of the Melbourne Foot- ball Club was held on Saturday after- noon in the Melbourno Cricket Club pa- vilion. Mr. EL C. Harrison took the chair, and thero were about 40 members present. The hon. secretary (Mr. Byrne) read the re- port of the past season and financial state- ment, from which it appeared that the club played 12 matches, winning 7, draw, ing 5, and losing nil. The total number of goals kicked was 21, against 1 lose. Out of this number Mr. Carr carried off the palm, kicking 6; Mr, Thomas securing second honours with 5. The balance sheet showed the club to be in a good finan' cial position, The report and financial state' ment having been adopted, the meeting pro- ceeded with the election of office- bearers, when, on the motion of Mr. Freeman, seconded by Mr. Loughnan, Mr. F. T. W. Ford was unanimously elected president. Mr. Harrison was appointed captain of the club, and Mr. Byrno vice-captain. Mr. W. Freeman was elected hon. secretary and treasurer, and Messrs. Harrison, Byrne, and Freeman were appointed to act as the match and ground committee. It was agreed, on the motion of Mr. W. Freeman, seconded by Mr. Byrne, that in future all members be elected by ballot, 15 members to vote or no ballot ; ono black ball out of three to dis- qualify. A vote of thanks was then passed to the Melbourne Cricket Club for kindly allowing tho use of the pavilion, and the meeting closed, with a vote of thanks to the chairman. All persons wishing to join the Melbourne Football Club, must have their names, with that of their proposer, forwarded to the hon. secretary on or beforo Thursday in each week, to qualify them for election on the following Saturday. The Melbourne Bowling Club celebrated the closing of their summer season on Friday evening with a supper at Garton's Hotel. There was a large attendance of members. Mr. Fishloy, president of the club, occupied the chair, and Mr, Hick, vice-president, presided at the opposite end of the table. After supper the chairman presented the champion gold medal of the club to the winner, Mr. Lacey. He also pre- sented a very handsome silver cup (his own gift) to the successful competitor, Mr. Mailer, accompanying each with a few appropriate remarks. The -vice-chairman then presented his silver cup to the winner, Mr. T. Smith. The* usual toasts on such occasions were duly proposed and responded to, and the company separated at a late hour, after spending a most enjoyable ovening. There was a very fair muster of pigeon shooters at Emerald-hill on Saturday after- noon, considering the very unsettlod state of the weather, and somo very good shooting was made. " A case of privilego ! A Ballarat attorney," says the Ballarat Star, " at the instance of the Maryborough official-agent, caused a summons to be served on Mr. W. Clarke, M.L.A., on Thursday, within the precincts of Parliament, for calls alleged to be duo in the Korong Quartz-mining Company, whereby it is said tho attorney is liable to bo summoned before the bar of the House of Assembly. Whether the matter will come to anything remains to be seen," A few weoks back wo published the report of Sub-inspector Gilmour, of the Queensland native police, who had gone out to the country ljing to the wostward of Cooper's Creek in search of a white man, supposed to be ono of the lost Leichardt party. Mr. Gilmour reported that ho obtained the assist- ance of a black, who said that a vinio vinio (white man) was in the ground at a waterhole called Wantata, many miles beyond Cooper's Creek, and arriving at tho locality noxt day, the search party discovered what they believed to be the remains of white men. It was in this district that an aged white man was reported to be living ;"but the discoveries of Mr. Gilmour were supposed to havo set at rest all anticipations as to finding him alive However, wo leam from the Dubbo Dispatch of the 28th -ult., that the correspondent of that journal at Bourke "saw a letter from Mount Margaret, in which tho writer, a regular pioneer, and a terror of all blacks, «tates his certainty of a white man being with the blacks beyond where Gilmour and his troopers went, and of the determina- tion of the tribe not to part with him. At any rate, he states that there will have to be a littlemorodaring displayed before he ¡staken.'' As connected with this subject it is worth mentioning that a letter from Dr. Von Mueller is printed in a Queensland journal, in which, after pointing out tho steps that should bo taken to follow up Mr. Giltnour's discovery, the writer says :-"The public mind will not be satisfied until the wholo mystery of Leicbardt's death is moro fully cleared up, and the rumour of a white insane man being yot olive is fully disproved.". In re" ferring to tho Ladies' Leichardt Soarch Ex- pedition, Dr. Von Mueller mentions the fact that " a Bristol lady (a Mrs. Robertson) has continued writing year after year to the ladies' committee to urge the continuation of the search after Leichardt's party, bocaose she hoped to see yet again a brother who ac companied Loichardt in his last disastrous expedition." The Maitland Mercury says, with regard to the great subterranean fire that occurred ,at the Anvil Creek Collierios some time ago, that as all the efforts made to extinguish the fire seemed to be without avail, it was found necessary to stop up the old shafts. A new tunnel, however, has been driven, and coa] has now been struck, so that it is oxpected that in the course of a few days the'mine will once moro be at work. There does not now appear any smoke or positive indication of fire from the old workings, so that the manager is led to hope thut the fire has at last smothered itself out." The Sydney Morning Herald reports that on the morning of April 27, at about a quarter to 10 o'clock, a waterspout was perceived from the windows of the Free Public Library in Macquarie-street North. It was observed in the direction of Rosa Bay, but ovidontly some way out at sea, rising like a pillar of smoke from a steamer, but of an immense height, and spreading out at the summit This dark column gradually becamo much thicker throughout, expanding greatly at tho top, and after a few moments it seemed to break or burst (at the uppermost extremity) with a swift circular motion, and so disappeared. It was, moreover, vory re. markablo that a minute or two previous to this phenomenon becoming visible, a vast black cloud was seen, reaching in noarly a straight line along the eastern sky. A low rumbling sound, resembling the reverberation of thunder, or the roll of distant artillery, was also distinctly audible just before the appear- ance of the column of watery vapour above described. The Sydney Empire of May 1, writing of the heavy rain then falling, which had been falling since the morning of April 26 without intermission, says:-"The amount of rain which has fallen since the commence- ment of the present unsettled weather, ac. cording to tho register kept at the Sydney Observatory, was as follows :-Thursday, April 27,2-347in.; Friday, 28, l-800in.; Satur! 29, up to noon, 2-964in. ; total, 7'lliin. This amount, though largo, has often been exceeded ; for on correspond- ing dates, April 27, 28, and 20, I860, the rainfall carne up to over 13in. in the'three days, the tables compiled by Mr. H. C. Russell, the Government astronomer, show, ing that the fall was 2,440in., 5151ÍD., and 7'652in. On the 12th April, 1867, the single rainfall of a day was 5-64£in. In June, 1867. asimilar fall of rain took place, the aggregate fall being about 12in. It is also gathered from Mr. Russell's recently published abstract of meteorological observations, that these excessive rain-storms usually occur in April. In April, 1841, 20in. fell in one day, tho 29th ; in 1845, 9-3in. fell in the last week ; in April, 1861,12'4in. on the 3rd and 4th." The Moniteur oí New Caledonia of the 12th April contains a report from Lieutenant Tonnot, superintendent of the Oubatche dis- trict, to the Governor on the subject of the gold-mines at Mouendine. M. Tonnot says that up to that time the production of gold had been practically m7, on account of the insufficiency of the moans of extraction ; but a machine would soon be in working order. Judging by what he hoard from the miners, he believed that they might calculate upon a minimum of 50oz. daily ; estimating that they could wash three loads of stuff daily, that would yield at the rate of from 15oz. to 20oz. to the load. The gold having been valuod at Sydney at the rate of £?< 10s. per ounco, the daily estimated product would amount to not less than 3,000; francs, which might at any time be taken out of the colony without leaving the slightest profit there, inasmuch as at the present there was not even a royalty paid on the yield. So far he spoke specially of tho mine of the first four prospectors, The others, working in an adjoining claim, wore very well satisfied with their finds up to that time. The brigantino Au Revoir had arrived from Sydnoy, bringing 45 new miners and a machine. The new arrivals announced that more were to come by the City of Brisbane, so that considerable increase of the thon very small population of Mouendine was to bo expected. The question of the right of a vessel to go straight to Oubatche without calling at Noumea was called in question by M. Tonnot ; and should this course bo permitted, it would be need- ful, he points out, to appoint a harbour- master. The miners arriving wero marking out claims, not according to any rule of the Government, but by some arrangement of their own. Disputes wore already arising, and although the little community had hitherto settled these amongst themselves, it was feared that as their numbers increased it was possible that some disturbances might occur. One of the miners had, on behalf of many of the others, spoken to M. Tonnot with regard to these occasional disagreements, and desired to know if the Government would send a commissioner, or if they would be authorised to appoint a sort of council des pntd' hommes to settle thoso matters. They promised to support a commissioner if one were sent, and added, or are reported to have added, that " in Australia scenes might occur in which tho revolver or the bowio-knife played an active part, and murders might be committed unknown", or at any rate with im- punity ; but here the minors, who aro almost all Irish or English, fear that the French Government would bo more severe concern- ing outbreaks of this kind, and this fear had restrained them on several occasions." This question was also submitted for the Governor's decision. Stores were being established there, businesses wero being opened, and the need of inaugurating some form of rule was urged on the Governor's attention. The import- ance of M, Tonnot's report rather concerns the future than the present state of things, as it seems that, oven with tho addition of the arrivals by the Au Revoir, there were not 100 miners on the ground. All who wore there were said to bo satisfied with the 'prospects. The production of "The Merchant of Venice " at tho Theatre Royal or* Saturday evening, though Mr. Howe gave a 7ory fair rendering of Shylock, was moro remarkable for the complete contrast it afforded to the splendid revival of this play at the same theatre under the regime of the latter part of 1803 than for any excellence of its own. The east of the piece, as in some recent Shak spearian performances, was a striking proof of the unlimited confidence the management have in tho amiability and long-suffering of Melbourno audiences. Mr, Stewart as Gratiano is a little too much for human patience ; ye t long experience forbids tho hope that he will ever imitate Shakspearian humanity less abominably ;. and when ,Miss Chester, as Jessica, is represented as inspiring tho beau, tiful lines breathed into her ears by au im. passioned lover beginning "The moon chinea bright-In auch a night M this, When the Btvcot wind did gontly kiss tho troos And they did make no nolio," a greater burlesque of Shakspearo cannot bo conceived. With the exception of the leading character, the Bassanio of Mr. Ire- land, the Gobbo of Mr, Rogers, and the Launcelot of Mr. Greville, wore the only parts that were at all satisfactorily filled in this great play, which forms, whon fairly represented, one of the most delightful of dramatic en- tertainments. Miss Juno, who enacted Portia, has the advantage of a good stago figure, and she read the part correctly; but something' more than mechanical accuracy is necessary to give expression to such passagos as "the quality of mercy " speech. Mr. Howe's re- presentation of Shylock is an elaborate and well- sustained performance, but while the impersonation has some points of excellence, brought out with- subtle intel- ligence, it is at times, melodramatic and overstrained. Nor was Mr. Howe perfect in the text, and the blank verse had to halt for it more than once. The audience, whick WM very numerous in thepit, stalls, and'gallery, suffered a disappointment through tho absence of Mr. Coppin, who was to hove given "Billy Barlow." Mr. Howe apologised for him, stating that ho was confined to his room with gout, and, as on Friday night, Mr. Rogers played Squeors for him in " Nicholas Nickleby," making a .vory efficient substi- tute. A melodrama, called " Tho Star Chamber," from Harrison Ainsworth's novel of that name, will bo produced this ovoning. .New scenery has been specially painted for this piece, and Mr. Howe sustains tho loading character. ' The last of tho agreeable performances of Lyster and Smith's English Opera Company was given at the Princess's Theatro on Satur- day night, when the "Grand Duchess" was onco more produced. The announcement that this favourite opera would be performed, with the addition of tho third act of"'Der Freischütz, " to which belongs the groat in- cantation scene, drew a vory good house, notwithstanding the unfavourable state of tho weather, and the performances pleased the audience well. During the present week tho entertainmonts at this theatre will be of a varied character. The principal attraction will be the Japanese Troupo, who will bo as- sisted by the Wiolands and Donato, the one legged dancer. The performances, musical and eccentric, of Weston's minstrel troupe at the Haymarket Theatre are if anything increasing in favour On Saturday night the audience was, consider ing the weather, larger than might havo boen expected, and the entertainment was from first to last highly successful. The "Ghost in a Pawnshop" and the " Yankeo Filibustors," by Messrs. Weston, Cowan, and Holly, were irresistibly amusing, and were received with perfect shouts of laughter. Amongst the musical portion of the entertainment, one of the most noticeable items was a violin solo by Mr. Le Fouillade, who from the strings of that instrument produced a remarkably faith- ful imitation of the bagpipos. He was warmly oncorcd, but doclined to ropoat the perform- ance. Mr. A. Romer, who is now an esta- blished favourite, also pleased the audience greatly by his doligbtful singing of tho ballad "Once more, doar Annie," which would have been repeated had the vocalist been willing ; whilst Mr. Holly, if the wishes of the audience had been complied with, might have continued his dancing for an indefinite period. Mr. Heller's entertainment at St. George's, hall maintains its popularity. On Saturday night theprogrammewhichhosbeenso success" ful during the last week or two was repeated to a good house, and was as well received as evor. To-night an entirely new sot of per- formances is to bo commenced. Wo have roceived from Mr, Railton a copy of the descriptive catalogue of fruit trees, vines, &c;, cultivated for sale by Mr. J. C. Colo, of the Richmond Nursery. Wo are requested to call attention to an advertisement announcing that a concert and ball on behalf of a charitable object will bo given in Hockin's assembly-room this ovoning by tho employés of Messrs. Cohen Brothers. The opera season having closed, Madame Simonsen, assisted by somo of the members of the English Opera Company, intends hold- ing a series of suburban concerts, and will commence by giving one this evening at the St. Kilda Town- hall, followed by one to- morrow night at Hawthorn. Intending competitors for the athletic sports to bo held on the South Melbourne Cricket ground, Emerald-hill, on tho Queen's Birth- day, are reminded that entries will be received this evening at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, between 8 and 9 o'clock. There is ovory pro- bability of this meeting being a most success- ful one. A splendid rink has been formed, equal to any in the colony, of about 400 yards, and the club are leaving nothing undone that will contribute to the convenience and com- fort of therunnors. Appeals are made to the charitable public on behalf of the Lying-in Hospital and the Prahran and South Yarra Benevolent Society. The committee of the former institution say that they have not funds at their disposal to lurnish the now wards of that institution, inasmuch as the hospital is £300 in debt. Thoy therefore earnestly pray the public to ' aid|towards fitting the words for the recoption of patients. The committeo of the latter society state that their funds are at the pre sont time almost exhausted, and the applica- tions for relief in cases of sickness and distress aro more than usually pressing. Any contri- butions will bo most thankfully received, and may be sent eithor to Mrs. Wooldridge), hon. sec,, South Yarra ; Mrs. J. Hunter Kerr, acting treasurer, Williams-road, Prahran ; or Mrs. Tolhurst, National Bank of Australasia, Chapel-street, Prahran. The committeo of management of tho Im- migrants' Aid Society's Home for the House lebs and Destitute held their usual monthly meoting on Friday, in the lecture-room of the Collins-street Baptist Church ; present-the Rev. G. Mackio, Messrs. Griffiths, Prince, Curtain, Jack, Woolloy, Oliphant, and Sayce (who occupied the chair). Tho superinten- dent made tho following return ¡-Number remaining last week, 424; admitted since, 270 ; discharged, 280 ; died, 3 (Honry Emeit, aged 19 years, native of Liver- pool-cause of death, fever; James Smith, aged 56 years, native of Somorset-cause of death, phthisis ; and James Jamieson, aged 32 years, native of Limerick, of paralysis) ; remaining, 411 inmates-com- prising 240 men, 77 women, and 88 children. Last year, nt tho same date, there wero 190 men, 72 women, and 08 children. Of the men-105 aro infirm or sick, 19 stonebreak ing, 7 working out, and 115 picking oakum, &o.; Of tho women-9 aro omployed in the laundry, 1 at needlework, 2 working out, and 48 teasing hair, &c.; In out door relief, 25 families, or 118 persons, recoived provisions on presenting the society's relief cards. 