SELECT POETRY. JIM BLUDSO, OF THE PEAIBTE BELIE. br the Author op " Little breeches (From the New York Tribune.) Wall, no! J can't jtell whar lie lives, Beease he don't live, you see ; Leutwajsj he's got oat of the habit , Oflivin' lifce: you/and me Whar have jrou been for the last three year That you haven't heard folks tell How Jimmy Bludso passed in his checks, The night of the Prairie Belle P He weren't no saint—them engineers Is all pretty much'alike— One wife in Natchez-under-the-HIll And.aa'otlier one here, in Pike. A keerless man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row— But he never flunked and he never lied, I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had— To treat his engine well; Never he passed on the river; ■ To*mind the pilots hell; And if ever the Prairie Belle took fire, A thousand times he swore, He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mississip, And bn^dar come at last— ThpjMovastaj' was a better boat, Sat the Beile she wawldn't be passed. And so she conop teariu' along that night— The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat oh-her safety valve, And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. The fire burst oat as she clared the bar, Arid fcurut a bole in the night, And quick as a Sash she turneii, and made For that wilier-bank on the right. There was running and cruising, but- Jifa yel led out, Over all the infernal roar, " I'll hold her nozzle agin the hank Till the last galoots ashore." Through the hot black breath of the burmn' boat Jim Bludso's voice was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedness, And knowed he would keep his word. And, sure's you're born, they all got off Afore the smokestacks fell— And Bludso's ghost went up aloue In the smoke of the Pr; irie Belle. He weren't no saint—bat at judgment ; I'd tun my chance with Jim, 'Xiongside of some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shook hands with him. He seen bis duty, a dead sure thing, And went for it thar and then; And Christ aint a going to be too hard On a man that died for men. 