NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH, WILLIAM STREET. The ceremony of laying the memorial stone of the new Wesleyan church and school, now in course of construc- tion at the corner of William and Forbes Streets, took place yesterday afternoon, in the presence of five or six hundred persons. Amongst those present were the Rev. George Hurst (by whom the ceremony was performed), the Rev. W. Curnow, the Rev. H. H. Gaud, the Rev. W. Clark, the Rev. G. Martin, the Rev. J. Watkin, the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, Mr. John Hardy, Mr. Thomas Rowe (archi- tect), Mr. John Caldwell. Proceedings were commenced by singing the 737th hymn, commencing " Thou who hast in Sion laid the true foundation stone." The Rev. G. Martin then read a por- tion of Scripture ; the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse afterwards engaging in prayer. A bottle was placed in the cavity of the stone. In the bottle were sealed up the following:-Copies of the daily papers of yesterday's publication, the minutes of the annual conference in connection with the Australasian Wes- leyan Methodist Church for 1871, the Christian Advocate, and a parchment containing the following particulars : "The memorial stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church and School, Woolloomooloo, corner of William and Forbes streets, was laid by the Rev. George Hurst, on Monday, the 18th day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one ; and in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and the dependencies thereof. And in the fourth year of the administration of his Excellency the Right Honourable Somerset Richard, Earl of Belmore, Governor of the Colony of New South Wales. The Rev. J. James, D.D., President of the British Conference ; The Rev. John Watsford, President, and the Rev. B. Chapman, Secretary of the Australasian Conference ; The Rev. H. H. Gaud, Chairman of the Sydney District. Circuit ministers: Rev. W. Clark, and tho Rev. S. C. Martin. Circuit Stewards : Messrs. Jos Slade, and J. S. Callaghan. Trustees : Rev. George Hurst, and Messrs. John Caldwell, Lancelot Iredale, Thomas Abbott, Ebenezer Gustelow, J. H. Watkins, John Wilson, John Hardy, Thomas Rowe, William Kippax, - Swyny, W. J. Hayes, John Dent, Walter McLelland, Benjamin James. Architect : Mr. Thomas Rowe. Builders : Mr. Thomas Moon, for mason's work, and Mr. James Minty, for carpentry, joinery, and finishing trades. God save the Queen ! " Mr. Thomas Rowe then said that upon him devolved the pleasing duty of presenting, on behalf of the trustees, to the Rev, George Hurst, a myallwood mallot and silver trowel, with which to perform the very interesting and very important ceremony of laying the memorial stone of the new church. He had for some time past been con- nected with the old church in Dowling-street ; and he was forcibly reminded on the present occasion of the proceed- ings in connection with the laying of the foundation-stone of that church, and of those who took part in that ceremony. He had no doubt but there were many now present who remembered that occasion. The gentleman who laid the stone of the old church had now gone to his reward - he referred to the Rev. Daniel Draper, who was at the time President of the Conference. It was the first meeting day of the Conference in Sydney when the ceremony took place ; that was in January, 1859. The church was opened a few months afterwards, somewhere about the month of June. The gentleman who preached in the morning of the day on which the church was opened had also gone to his reward - he referred to the Rev. Mr. Hesell. The Rev. W. Cuthbertson preached in the afternoon, and the Rev. S. Ironside in the evening. The church had answered its purpose very well ; but the con- gregation had long felt the need for a larger and more commodious building. He was now extremely gratified to find that a commencement had been made with a new building, and he trusted that the preaching of Christ's Gospel in it would be attended with a large measure of success. The mallet and trowel were then handed to the Rev. Mr. Hurst. The mallet was a very handsome implement of myall wood, with a plate of silver, bearing the mono- gram of Mr. Hurst at the top. The blade of the trowel was ornamented with a very elaborate and chaste engrav- ing, and bore this inscription :-"Presented to the Rev. George Hurst on the occasion of his laying the memorial stone of the Wesleyan Church and School, at the corner of Forbes and William streets, Sydney, December l8, 1871. Thomas Rowe, architect." The stone having been ad- justed in its place, and the usual formalities having been observed, the Rev. Mr. Hurst declared the stone to have been well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. G. Hurst, addressing those present, said they had just been engaged in a most interesting and important work. Perhaps they could not be engaged in a work that was more important and more interesting than that of laying the foundation-stone of another house of God. He rejoiced exceedingly to see that building commenced, and to be permitted to enjoy the honour of taking any part in that very interesting and important service. He had no doubt they were all aware that the church, the memorial stone of which had just been laid, would be a Wesleyan Church, in which the service of the Wesleyan Methodist Church would in due time be performed-he trusted, to the benefit of many of those who resided in its neighbourhood. He should have been glad if this building bad been erected years ago. They had long felt that the building in which they had worshipped God was far to small for their requirements. They had greatly desired to see this day, and to perform the work which they had just witnessed. And it was his earnest desire and prayer to God that when tho topstone of the building had been placed, and the building should have been dedicated to God, that the Gospel preached in it would be made the power of God to the salvation of very many souls. The Wesleyan Church desired only to save souls and to spread Scriptural holiness thoughout this land. They had no desire whatever to build up a party, but they wished to be made a blessing to their fellow men. God had greatly blessed them to this land, and to other lands upon earth ; and it was his earnest desire and prayer that they should continue to honour Him, and to seek His glory, and that His blessing might attend their efforts in the future as it had done in the past. He would only further say that his earnest prayer was that the bless- ing of God would rest upon them all, and that they who lived to worship in the house that was about to be erected might realise in their own experience the gracious promise made under the Old Testament dispensation,-" In all places where I record my name, I will come unto thee and will bless thee ; " and the gracious words of the Lord Jesus,-" Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." God grant that it might be so. The Rev. H. H. Gaud said he must first of all express his pleasure at finding that a new ohuroh was about to be built in that neighbourhood. A Wesleyan church was no new thing in Woolloomooloo; but it had pleased Almighty God so to bless the labours of His servants, that for a long time a larger and more commodious building than the one at present used had been needed. It was that success, in part at least, which rendered it imperative upon them to rise and build. Hearers of God's word had been multi- plied, and good had been done. But there was another consideration influencing them in the erection of a new building. There was undoubtedly a large number of people in that part of the city for whom no church accommoda- tion was provided, and we felt it our duty to do what we could to supply the ordinances of religion to those people. From statistics he was reading a little time ago in the newspapers, he found that the population of the city and suburbs was increasing at the rate of 5000 annually. The increase would no doubt become larger with every passing year, and would render increased chapel accommo- dation necessary. He was very glad to see the memorial stone of a new church laid that afternoon, because it was an indication of an awakened sense in the Wesleyan Church of the importance of providing for that necessity, and an indication that the members of the Wesleyan Church were determined not to be behind other evangelical bodies in providing Christian ordinances for the people, Their object would be that which they had aimed at from the beginning - the conversion of the people to God - the spread of Christian holiness. They did not want to see what were merely external and formal modes and cermenies; but to spread vital god- liness, in which personal and social character would be adorned and elevated. And they thought that the best, and, in fact, tho only means of accomplishing that was by the preaching of the Gospel of Christ, and the employment of other subordinate means which had been used by Wes- leyan Methodists, Those who would preach in the new church would preach the old Gospel--the Gospel that was as old as the Apostles-the way of salvation, which first began to be spoken by our Saviour. And they were not ashamed that they were bound to that. They had been sometimes taunted with assertions that they were bound to preach just what Mr. Wesley preached, that they had no scope for free thought or action. If it was meant by that that they preached the same truths as Mr. Wesley preached, it was a fact. They did that, and they had nothing else to preach ; and they wanted nothing else. They preached Christ and Him crucified. If, however, it was meant that they were obliged to preach those truths just in the same way as Mr. Wesley preached them, then the remark was untrue. He felt sure that the doctrines that would be preached in the now church would be in accordance with the Word of God; and he hoped that the blessing of God would rest upon the preaching of His Word in the new church as it had been blessed in other churches. He wished the minister and congregation every success, and he hoped and believed that the building, when erected, would be honoured of God. The doxology was then sung, after which the Rev. James Watkins pronounced the benediction, and the company dis- persed. The ceremony of stone-laying was followed by a tea meeting in the Surry Hills schoolroom ; and the day's proceedings were terminated by a public meeting in Bourke-street church. After the usual devo- tional opening services, Mr. F. J. Garrick, of Christchurch, New Zealand, presided. In opening the meeting the chairman referred to the part: which he had been privi- leged to take, some years ago, in the erection of the church in Dowling-street, and he expressed his great gratification at finding, on his present visit to his native city, that the ministration of God's Word in that place had been attended with such success that it was necessary to erect a larger building for the accommodation of the increasing congre- gation. He wished that every success might attend the effort now being put forth to erect a more commodious church. The Rev. W. Clark made a statement with re- gard to the cost, &c;, of the new building. The site on which it was being erected cost £1500. Contracts had been accepted to the amount of £3340. It was expected that the cost of the building, including interest on borrowed money, would reach about £5000. Towards that amount of expenditure there was about £1200 or £1300 in hand. The Revs. W. Curnow, H H Gaud, J. Watkin, S. Rabone, G. Hurst, and G. Martin, and Mr. T Rowe also, addressed, or otherwise took part in, the meeting. During the evening the choir sang several pieces of sacred music, and were accompanied by the new organ. The meeting was unusually large, and a very considerable sum was added to the fund in hand, but the gross amount was not an- nounced. Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies who provided and presided at the tea tables-to the choir-and to the chairman- which, having been acknowledged, a doxology was sung, and the meeting was dismissed with a benediction. The following is a description of the new church and school: -The style of architecture adopted is Gothic. The plan, as exhibited in drawings, consists of an oblong lying north and south, 51 feet 6 inches in width, by a length of 57 feet, broken up into a nave and aisles The nave is projected beyond the end gable, and forms a chancel 14 feet deep and 36 feet wide. At the east side of the chancel there is shown a vestry, and in front, facing Wil- liam street, the total width of the church is di- vided into five porches-viz, in the centre a stair porch for future gallery, which will run around the front and sides; at each of this central feature is shown an outer porch, with door openings in three sides, and giving access to the closed porch at the east, and tho towor porch on the coiner, or west end. The church is thus well pro- tected by porches from draughts. The floor of the church is to have a fall towards the chancel in the amphitheatre form, and is in the plan divided into three rows of seats by two broad aisles, with transverse ones at the chancel and entrance porches. The seats will afford accommodation for 525 adults Below the church there will be a schoolroom, two vestries, and an infant schoolroom, with access to the church under tho front porches, m order to prevent the children going outside. Tho floor of tho schoolroom is arranged to bo stepped, so as to follow the fall or slope of the church floor, and the back entrances of the schoolroom will be level with the street on the Forbes-street side. In the rear of the school there will be provided a boiler-house, together with the necessary outbuildings. The front elevation, facing William-street, of which the foundations are already laid, will present, when finished, a very picturesque grouping, There will be a tower at the corner of William and Forbes streets three stories high, surmounted by an octagonal spire terminating in an iron finial 80 feet from the pavement. Tho tower is engaged on one side to the main gable of the church, which rises 5O feet high, and is divided by two well-proportioned buttresses with pinnacles. In tho centre of the gable will bo a rose window of plate tracery, with a lancet at eaoh side, and a round window over. This central space is in tho design occupied below by a large gabled porch with a singlo light, and supported by a buttress at each side. At each side thero will be tho outer porches consisting of a bold round arch moulded with gable over, supported on richly carved and foliated corbels. Over each outer porch the elevation shows a lancet with label over. The effect, owing principally to the use of rubble for the walls, with coursed ashlar for quoins, sills, dressings, arches, mouldings, and tracery, in the manner of many of our old cathedrals, will be sparkling. The skyline is well managed, and broken in a picturesque manner. The number of gables and verti- cal lines in this front will givo the effect of great height. Above all, the spire will rise, decorated with bands and pointed shingles. The outer porches will be closed with ornamental wrought iron gates. Tho side elevation shows the tower and spire and five bays, with gables over, and a long single light with plate tracery heads in each bay, separated by well designed buttresses rising from the path- way. The buttresses also serve to divido the schoolroom couplets, which have a fall, owing to tho steep gradient of Forbes-Btreet. The side is well "treated, and the gables of the aisles contrast in on effeottve manner with the lofty shingled roof. Beyond the nave portion a lofty chancel is shown in the design, pierced with a lancet, and the gable of the school vestry breaks the outline of tho moulded base which runs around the whole building. Ihe chancel end shows a rose window of plate tracery in the gablo, and tho entrances of the schoolroom and vestries, which are in the plan at each side of the chancel Tho interior will be very effective from an artistic point of view, and the acoustic principles have been very carefully attended to. The amphitheatre style adopted for the floor, and the first time used in this city, will also render tho sight as perfect as possible. The chancel is to be recessed back under a lofty semi arch on richly carved corbels, and will have a choir gallery or organ loft, together with--but projecting beyond into the church nave-a well designed cedar rostrum and communion rail- ing. The roofs of the nave, aisles, and chancel are to be lined with alternate cedar and pine, against the collar ties, and tho nave roof principals supported by eight iron columns with foliated caps. The sittings are to be of cedar, enlivened and contrasted with pine. The building will bo well lighted by five pine lancets on each side, and rose windows in the chancel and front. The lights will be glazed with orna- mented coloured glass in lead quarries. The walls will be plastered inside, and neatly lined in red. Provision will be made for galleries The schoolroom is very extensive, and is 14 feet high. It will be well lighted by five couplets at each side, besides the windows of the infant room and vestries. The floor will bo sloping and stepped, and tho ceiling of the school, or floor of church, will be supported by ten iron columns with moulded caps. Access can be had to tho school by steps at William-street, as well as from the church and Forbes-street. The tout ensemble is picturesque and piquant in effect, and the per- spective view from the corner, as exhibited in the photo- graphs, shows a bold skyline, a well broken outline, rich details, and a peculiarly rnstic and unique effect produced by the rubble stone The spire and tower will be a princi- pal feature in the views about Woolloomooloo and neigh- bourhood. Tho design is from the pencil of Mr. Thomas Rowe, architect, of Pitt-street, the author of many of the fine churches in the city and colony. Mr. Thomas Moon, of Newtown, is the contractor for the masonry, and Mr. James Minty, of Surry Hills, is the contractor for the carpentry, joinery, and finishing trades The total cost of the edifice will be, including gas, &c;,, £3340. 