Visit to the Kurrajong. (CONCLUDED.) [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] MY rambles were continued by starting for Bowen Mount, the residence of G. M. C. Bowen, Esq. I left Benson's comfortable hostelry shortly after breakfast, and again ascended "the big hill" and a little further, Douglas Hill, leading to the summit of the mountain range. I found, on again looking from this magnificent elevation, that the view is like some good painting, and requires hours to properly examine its many details, and to arrive at a proper appreciation of the beauties with which it is embellished. Far to the right Emu Plains and the Nepean were clearly defined, and the township of Penrith was plainly visible. Presently there was a line of smoke, and one could almost believe that he heard the puff, puff, puff, so distinctly was the train seen circuituously wending its way to the Blue Mountains. "Windsor and Richmond lay at our feet and resembled squares on a chess-board, while the waters of the serpentine Hawkesbury, glittering in the morning sun, relieved the montony of the flats. To the left the whole of the undulating slopes along the Colo-road leading to the Cumleroy country were clad in verdure, and in many parts were dotted with farms and homesteads. It may be interesting to here state that this part of Bell's line of road, called Douglas' Hill, takes its name from Joseph Douglas, the pioneer and first resident of the Kurrajong. He, and his wife, each aged four score years, lie interred in a little orange grove at the bottom of the hill, and opposite the house where they lived for many years. I deviated to the right on the top of the hill in order to have a peep at some of the beauties of Northfield, which I had not an opportunity of seeing before, viz., the Fairy Dell, and the Fairy Well. They are just below Mr. Comrie's house, and are very romantic spots. The Fairy Dell is well guarded by tall forest trees, bright green shrubs, and endless creepers hanging in graceful festoons from tree to tree, and shrub to shrub. Among the vines I was shown the aptly-named " native lawyer," a merciless creeper, for from every part including the leaves hooked thorns arise to detain the wayfarer. Once amongst these lawyers, and it is next to impossible to extricate yourself without serious injury. In the Fairy Dell there are beautiful fern- trees and mosses, amid which, in the warm summer evenings, fire-flies sparkle like brilliant gems, while a bubbling stream gushes from a spring, and flows through the Fairy Well, to the valley below. Retracing my steps I went along the mountain-path at the back of Northfield overlooking Alsophylla Glen, and over a steep place which has been named the " Pass of Thermopylae" where a fine view of a vast scene of grandeur may be obtained. Crossing to old Cut Rock-road, and regaining Bell's line, I then left it to my right and followed a well-beaten track, at the romantically situated cottage belonging to the Rev. Warden of St. Paul's, described in my first chapter. With the exception of one difficult pass the first few miles present little worthy of particular notice, though the view is extensive, and stretches away to the right and left. About the end of this, the traveller begins to descend along the side of a mountain, and after going south some distance the road suddenly ends, as it were, and turns in quite an opposite or northerly direction. This mountain, or rather gap or gorge in the mountain, is thus descended. After the second turning I crossed some beautiful streams (said to be excessively cold in the warmest weather), and, after cantering about a quarter of a mile along the bottom, I began to ascent the other aide by another zig-zag-road-one step or stage over-looking the other. The road was formed by the private enterprise of Mr. Bowen, and the difficul- ties encountered must have been very great. Huge rocks had to be cut away in some places, and serious engineering difficulties had to be surmounted. At the top are found what appear like natural fortresses of solid rock ; just before getting there you reach several caves of all sorts of fantastical shapes. At night this romantic road is lit up with myriads of fire flies, which lend a fairy-like appearance to the solomn grandeur of the rugged scene. Proceeding up this zig-zag I was shown a place known as Kelly's Mistake, from the fact that a farmer of that name was said to have made the mistake of attempting to make a better line of road past his property. On the clear table land at the top there are seats for visitors—one overlooking a yawning chasm below, while from the other a good view of the surrounding country is obtained. Along a pleasant road about a mile further on is Bowen Mount. There are two or three houses on this property, but the private residence of Mr. Bowen is the most southerly. It is rather a picturesque building, surrounded with shrubs, fruit trees, and flowers. The estate is about 500 acres in extent and the scene from the verandah is quite equal to any on the Kurrajong. The whole of the country as seen from "the big hill" is also visible here ; the only difference in the unrivalled panorama being that a better view of the cottages, the farms, the gardens, and maize fields, and the church, all on the Kurrajong hills, may here be had. Proceeding along at the back of Mr. Bowen's house, in about three miles a very grand scene, overlooking the Grose valley, strikes the eye. I have before men- tioned the Vale of Avoca as seen from a lower eleva- tion, but this nearly opposite view is still finer. The cultivated parts of the county of Cumberland are spread below, with the towns of Penrith, Richmond, Windsor, almost close at hand, while even Sydney is visible in the far distance. During flood-time, when the whole of the low lands in the valley of the Hawkes- bury are covered with water, although desolating in its effects, the striking character of the scene is con- siderably enhanced. It is said that the ancient Athenians were inspired with nobility of soul and poetic fire by the beauties of " lovely Athens," and the charming scenery of the country around ; so here, if the simile may not be con- sidered too far fetched, or out of place, it struck me that the inhabitants seem to appreciate and to be ele- vated in mind by the natural beauties. Mr. Bowen and Mr. Comrie, particularly have devoted much time and money in forming walks and paths to the various romantic spots, glens, waterfalls, and cascades which abound on the Kurrajong. The most striking part of the twelve miles of mountain road, formed by Mr. Bowen, is that leading to the spot on Buralow Creek, called Lightwood Hollow. The distance is about two miles, and the scenery is really magnificent. Leaving Mr. Bowen's residence, and descending by a circuituous track, at the end of a mile is Orange Grove, the residence of Mr. John Mayo, a gentleman fifty-eight years of age, yet born within five miles of his present residence. He is a most industrious far- mer, and by his own labour, aided by a good wife, has managed to make a comfortable home, and rear a fine family of twelve children. The house is a well-built structure with shingled roof and verandah. The farm consists of about 220 acres, and is Mr. Mayo's freehold property ; about four acres are planted as an orangery, orchard, and flower garden. The orange trees were richly Iaden and looked remarkably well. A banana plantation was also in full bearing. In the orchard were fine pears, figs, quinces, plums, apricots, English mulberry trees, loquats, &c.; Before the house was the flower garden, and among the flowers and plants I noticed many very beautiful specimens. Among the roses the cloth of gold, giant of the battle, the red- ragged (with not a perfect leaf), were pointed out, while near at hand were the hollyoak, the egg-plant and the red rover vine. A large barn, granary, and other out offices complete a very snug establishment. Visitors in search of health often board at Mr. Mayo's. Some short distance down is another comfortable farm and cottage owned by Mr. William Ezzy. Attached there is an orangery, orchard, and a dairy. After a ride of about three miles, and just before coming to the church, I passed the pretty little cottage garden, and fifty-acre farm of Mr. Alfred Jones, and few miles further I again reached Mr. Benson's, from the opposite direction to that in which I started. In the evening I took a walk to the residence of Mr. John Lamrock, whoso property I have aheady mentioned, and who was formerly postmaster and the host of the hotel lower down, which now bears the name of Lamrock's Hotel. Mr. Lamrock's residence is one of the best built on the Kurrajong, and much taste is evidenced in the laying out of the flower garden around the house. The fields are planted with vines, maize, potatoes, wheat, oats, and barley, and in the paddocks were some very superior stock. I should mention that Mrs. Lamrock has just cause to be proud of her dairy (the largest in the district), and famous for butter. On the Sunday I went to the pretty little rural church on the hill, which I had before so much admired, and listened with pleasure to the singing of the choir led by Miss Mayo. They have no musical instrument, but the singing was quite as good-in fact, more interesting without that accompaniment Mr. Done, a catechist and a Moore College student conducted the service. The inhabitants of Kurrajong appear to be a most peaceable, happy, and well disposed class of people. There is not a solitary policeman in the district, and but one hotel (Mr. Benson's), though the population numbers nearly 1000. Thieves are almost unknown, the last case of any note being the sticking-up of Lamrock's hotel, some ten years ago, by two escaped prisoners, from Darlinghurst gaol, named Clarke and Kavenagh. About a week after their escape, they managed to make their way to the Kurrajong, and forced an entrance to the hotel. They there read the particulars of their escape from a newspaper on the table, and then not the key of the store and post office adjoining, which they opened and robbed of a large quantity of valuables. They then entered the bedroom, awoke Mr. Lamrock, and placed a dirk at his breast, threatening death if resistance were offered ; and made him give up £20 in cash. A bravefact ol Mrs. Lamrock, on this occasion, is worth repeating, as showing presence of mind. She made an excuse to go to her children, who were crying, but in reality to let loose two fierce watch dogs which were kept chained in the yard. Unfortunately she found them both poisoned, and her intentions were consequently defeated. The robbers were, however, captured a few days afterwards, one at Wilberforce and the other at Colo, and received three years additional punishment each. At day-break on the next morning, I was awoke by the landlord, and after a hearty breakfast, my horse was brought round, and I had a pleasant ride to the favourite resort of lovers and invalids—the grand old " trysting tree," where, by appointment, I was met by Mr. W. R. Bowen, when we proceeded to Mount Tomah, a distance of about fifteen miles. From the top of the range we immediately came to the new Cut Rock-road. It has been formed with considerable diffi- culty, and is very romantic, skirting the side of the mountain, and overlooking a yawning gulf below. The road, almost the whole distance, was along a ridge, a very pleasant ride in fine weather, through forests of turpentine, blue gum, and stringy bark trees. At about six miles is the village of Bilpin, and the first house is McEwan's, a drover's, with accommo- dation paddocks, and about 200 yards further is McCauley's house and farm, while to the right, in the bush, Wilson's hut can be seen. The village was formed about half a century ago by the retired members of the 102nd, or Veteran, Regiment, who received fifty-acre grants of land here called "Veteran's grants." Sherwood's accommodation house is about three miles further on, and seems a comfort- able, place of its kind. Another three miles and we come to Kennedy's, Bulgamatta, another accommoda- tion house for drovers. I should mention that large mobs of cattle and flocks of sheep are almost continu- ally passing here for the Sydney market. At the side of Kennedy's are the ruins of a stone house—a romantic old structure, partly covered with English ivy. It was built on a grant given to Mrs. Bowen more than forty years ago, but has long since been deserted. The estate is now the property of the Hon. R. Towns, M.L.C., and consists of 2000 acres of splendid land. As usual with many other old buildings, this ruin has a good ghost story in connection with it. The story goes, that a drover who had been camping in the ruins was awoke in the night by a veritable ghost which followed him, though running at the top of his speed to the foot of the Cut Rock—a twelve- mile run on foot, which he accomplished without his boots. We had been making a gradual ascent for a consider- able distance, and about a mile from Bulgamatta we left the main for the private road leading to the house. It is about a mile up this hill to the Mount Tomah estate. This was a grant to Mr. Bowen as a retired military officer. There are about 2000 acres in the grant, and the house where Mr. G. B. Bowen resides is 3000 feet above the level of the sea. A magnificent view is to be had from the verandah of this house on Mount Tomah, and you feel above and looking over the tops of all the other mountains. The scene embraces a vast extent of country. To the north the well known outlines of the Sugar-loaf Mountain, many miles off, are clearly made out ; Sydney to the east, Illawarra mountain to the south-east, and the remainder of the Blue Mountains to the west, were all plainly seen. The estate has only been properly attended to during the past few years, consequently the improvements are not many ; though now several men are employed clearing, fencing, &c.; Some of these men are married, and have comfortable huts with vegetable gardens attached. These men's children, too, receive instruction in the evenings from Mr. W. R, Bowen, as there is no school within fifteen miles, though there are about twenty-five children who, but for this, would have been utterly desti- tute of education. There are about 300 acres of land enclosed with a substantial log-fence, principally of sassafras. This land is sown with Euglish and Italian grasses, including rye, rib or lamb's-tongue, white Dutch clover, and cock's-foot, all growing well, particularly the latter. This fertile mountain tract rises in tho midst of a barren sand- stone country, to a height of over 3000 feet, consists of the richest whinstone or basalt, and is covered with the most luxuriant vegetation. In close proximity to the house we entered what may be called, without exaggeration, a most magnificent temple of nature, filled with a wealth and profusion of umbrageous foliage not surpassed on this side of the tropics. Following a path, cleared by Mr. Bowen through a natural forest of sassafras, black-butt, and myrtacee, the ground is carpeted with vegetation of the brightest verdure, and on all sides ferns of the most elegant shape. On the right, rising majestically, tier above tier, are clumps of fern trees, consisting of Alsophylla Australis and Dixonia antarcticus, growing from from ten feet to the enormous height of sixty feet, some fantastically formed with two and three heads from each stem. Crossing a rustic bridge over a stream of limpid water we followed the winding path through the forest, every turn opening up fresh beauties and revealing new sources of admiration. Descending through a grove of stately sassafras trees, ornamented with clusters of bird's nests, ferns, and bright green creepers, hanging in the wildest festoons, we come to a beautiful cascade, flowing in curious corkscrew fashion, over a bed of rocks adorned with mosses of the richest hue, and feathery fronds of the transparent Leptopbeiis Fraserii ferns. Ascending the mountain we passed to the west, and again began to descend a steep rocky pinch, called Jacob's Ladder. At the foot of this, towards the left, rises a curious conical-shaped mountain, called Mount Comrie, in compliment to the Hon. J. Comrie, of Northfield. Further on is Mount Bell, along the wide of which runs Bell's line of road to Bathurst, and at the end of which is Cave-hill, named from a curious cave at the side of the road, the roof of which has some singular impressions resembling emu's tracks. A short distance beyond we reached the Bald-hill ; further still, turning to the left, we come to King George's Mount. It was recently ascended by Mr. Comrie, Mr.Bowen, and Professor Smith, of the Sydney University, who took the correct elevation from the summit, and found it 3500 feet above the level of the sea. A peculiar block of rock on the western side was named at the time " The Professor's Chair," in honour of the above event. These gentlemen had a pic-nic on the mountain, and had a pot of "bush" tea; the first time, I dare say, that "the cup which cheers but not inebriates" had ever been enjoyed on that elevated spot. From this chair is to be had a view of the profound gorges at the head of the Grose (where Count Strez- lecki was lost for several days many years ago), with Govett's Leap in the distance, and a magnificent panorama of the surrounding country. Returning from King George's Mount, on the opposite side of the road in the distance is Mount Wilson, named after the present Minister for Lands. It is of oblong shape, and of similar formation, rich soil, and vegeta- tion to Mount Tomah. A portion has recently been surveyed and marked out in small allotments for sale by the Government ; some of which, I believe, have been taken up for occupation by a retired officer of the navy. A road has been cleared from it to Dargin's Creek, on the Western Railway, which crosses Bell's line, a few miles to the west of Mount Wilson. Return- ing along Bell's line, the wildest and most romantic scenery conceivable is to be met with. ———hills and hills upheaved, Meeting the eye on every side. Intending visitors to the Kurrajong and Mount Tomah can have no difficulty in reaching these attrac- tive and romantic spots, as the railway will convey them to Richmond, from whence the comfortable two- horse coaches of Messrs, Portis and Turner will (for a consideration) carry them to any spot they may wish to visit. 