The Ghost on the Upper Shoal- haven: An Original Story. (BY ORANMIER.) "Do you believe in ghosts?" This question was put to a middle-aged man, a friend of mine, who formed part of a contented circle that was seated about the fire, which burned with a homely lustre, during one of the chilly evenings of 1870. To this query my friend did not give a direct response, but after a momentary pause, said, "Well, I shall not satisfy your curiosity on that point just at present, but will, if agreeable to the company, give a brief rela- tion respecting the only ghost into whose society I ever had the misfortune to be thrown." You may be sure we were all not only agreeable, but really anxious to bear a dis- course upon such a subject as ghosts,— a subject which, in spite of the onslaught of science to demolish still holds a fearful charm. So, after the glowing logs had been brought into closer union, and the usual response returned by a shower of irritated little sparks, we all assumed the attitudes of attentive listners to our friend's story of the Ghost on the Upper Shoalhaven, which he recited as follows:— "Many years ago I happened to call at the house of a neighbouring family, the head of which had for a long time borne the pains that 'flesh is heir to,' but who was now about to be emancipated from all his earthly agonies by the hand of that univer- sal alleviator — Death. It was a kind and affectionate father who was passing away, and his afflicted children stood around his bed of death. He had a sister, too, and although the dying man felt that he was borne on that remorseless current which carries the child of earth on to the shores of eternity — although the flame of life was rapidly expiring, yet by its lingering light was he enabled to discover that she — his sister — was absent. He wished to see her, and it was immediately resolved to despatch a messenger with the dying request. There was no time to be lost, as Mrs C— lived several miles higher up the river. I volun- teered to acquaint that lady of her brother's condition, and my horse being ready sad- dled, I leaped upon his back, and imme- diately started. And now, before giving you the eventful details of that night's ride, it will be necessary for me to say a few words on another branch of my story." The fire being replenished the narrator continued: "It is now many years ago, at a time when the inhabitants of this locality were few and far between, a labouring man, named Fagan, entered the services of a settler on the Upper Shoalhaven. He was sent one day by his employer with a horse and cart to a store situated a few miles down the river. His business done, he was returning homewards, but having a horse of a vicious and restless temper attached to his cart, he found the greatest difficulty in restraining him. Passing by some con- spicuous object on the roadside, the horse suddenly took fright, and breaking into a terrific gallop along the road, which at this point was of the most intricate nature, brought the cart in which the driver was seated, in violent contact with an old stump. The concussion was such as to completely overset the cart, which being thrown to the opposite side of the road against a tree, was smashed into fragments. Poor Fagan did not escape, and his doom was shortly after- wards told by a traveller, who, on passing along the road discovered his shattered remains, which were duly interred in one of the lonely bush cemeteries on the Upper Shoalhaven. "A rode little cross carved upon the fatal tree, together with a small heap of crumbling stones mark the spot where the poor fellow met his doom; and, perchance, the solitary traveller, ere passing by, pauses a moment to gaze on these simple memorials, wondering, no doubt, what event they are intended to commemorate. But let me be as brief as possible. Scarcely had the grave clasped poor Fagan within its gloomy folds when it was freely reported that several of the neighbours whilst pas- sing over a certain spot on the road under cover of night, had seen things which caused their hair to stand like 'quills upon the fretful porcupine;' or to use a house- hold simile, (begging the ladies pardon) something on the same principle as the delightful protuberance so very prevalent now a days, called a chignon. In a word, those individuals, who up to that time had scornfully rejected the idea of there being such horrid things as ghosts, solemnly de- clared, and I believe were prepared, in case of doubt, to ratify their words by oath — that they had, whilst attempting to pass the little cross and pile of stones, seen a frightful something whose construction bore a strong resemblance to the canine tribe, and which suddenly appeared, and after traversing the road with noiseless and solemn steps, and performing a variety of supernatural feats, vanished amongst the shades of night, leaving the horse, which positively declined to advance, and the almost petrified rider, who was powerless to urge, on the haunted spot. "Such, then, were the recollections that filled my mind as I rode onwards on the night alluded to, in order to deliver my message. The night air held a solemn stillness. Everything around, the old trees, the stagnant pools of water past which I was riding, and I must confess, even myself wore an aspect of dreaminess. However, although I had to pass by the haunted spot, I had also given my word to deliver the message, and therefore there was no alternative of which I could with manlines avail myself. So, in the face of all these gloomy forbodings, I posted on- wards and was soon within the vicinity of the dreaded place. By this time the atmosphere had undergone a great change. Big, dusky, and ominous clouds were roll- ing from the west; and the air, which seemed to slumber at my starting, was suddenly agitated into a gale which leaped in dismal gusts across the forest, the old giants of which moaned as if bewailing the loss of their offspring which were at inter- vals scattered round their base. A few moments consultation with Science, and I approached the ghostly spot, but with a heart whose pulsations must have been at least ninety to the minute, I had prede- termined on looking neither right or left, but alas! the curiosity of human nature at length predominated, and yielding to its power, I turned my eyes in the direction of the little cross and heap of stones, and I saw — great heavens! what? No optical delusion — no. It was too plain! For there on the precise spot, standing by the side of the very tree against which the unfortunate man had met his death was a giant figure blacker than night itself, and holding, what appeared to my distorted vision, a pair of small lamps, which seemed to glow with a lustre that could have no sympathy with the lights of earth! I could even imagine that beneath those deadly orbs, I perceived features of the most demon-like expression. Concentrating all the little fragments of my remaining strength, I withdrew my aching eyes from the horrid thing, and urging my horse into a gallop, attempted to escape; but this was no simple task. Here, too, was another danger, fer the serpentine bush track over which I was bounding was full of treacherous sloughs, which even in day- light would be difficult to avoid. But my horse was a good one, and I thought not of the quality of the road, for oh! despair! on turning a momentary glance towards the rear, I discovered, to my horror, that my spectral pursuer was rapidly gliding after me! Onward! onward! wildly as the howling gale that was breaking in triumph over me, and that actually seemed to laugh, in wildest mirth, at my desperate situation. "A light! a light! Oh! never before did I so well appreciate the value of "house- hold fires," as when I saw, some distance in advance, a glorious fire streaming through the window of a house. I had no time nor inclination to reflect upon the poetic beauties of that welcome blaze; I knew it was a consolation and a guide, so I imme- diately bowed to its directions. "The sable apparition with the lamps was fast gaining on me; but I was still beyond its reach; and running my horse almost in contact with the house, I flung myself from the saddle, and rushing in the direction of that part of the wall in which I thought the door was situated, I threw my whole weight and strength against it, but alas! came in forcible conjunction with an unflinching post, and was repulsed with a heavy loss of powers. The sudden shock, however, roused the attention of the family, and they, thinking that a flying branch from a neighbouring tree bad struck the house, opened the door, which being done, I once more appealed to my locomotive powers, and throwing myself headlong through the open door-way, performed a strange variety of convolutions much after the fashion of a boy taking his first exercise in the art of swimming; my reason being that I might make sure that I was actually in the house. "Of course, everybody present was over- flowing with astonishment, and, after allow- ing me a few moments to regain my lost faculties of speech, desired that I might at once explain the reasons for such uncere- monious ad barbarous conduct. And so I did; adding, that if any one entertained doubts about the matter, they might have them easily removed by going outside, where the sceptre was still standing within a few feet of my horse. This mode of con- firmation was, however, very reluctantly accepted; but after a little reasoning, two young fellows thought they'd chance it, and procuring a lantern, opened the door and went out. Looking towards the spot indicated by me, they started back terrified, almost frightened out of their wits; for there stood a large, sable form, with lus- trous eyes and steaming nostrils — but which, on closer inspection, proved to be identical with a young black colt, which had been reared by hand-feeding, from a foal, and which having been out near the forest road, grazing, took it into his head to return home whilst he had company! "And so, the mystery was cleared up, and everyone, as a matter of fashion, laughed most heartily at me; but I con- soled myself by the reflection that ninety- nine out of a hundred would have acted as I did, under similar circumstances. Had that horse not followed me to the house, so as not to give an opportunity of clearing the matter up, I would feel forced to answer the question put to me at the open- ing of my story, in the affirmative; but, now, I have the pleasure of saying most emphatically that I do not believe in ghosts." This was my friend's story of the Ghost of Upper Shoalhaven, and he hopes that the facts upon which it is founded will con- vince others, as they have convinced him- self — that there is no occasion to dread things that are not; but on the other hand, hopes that his story will lend some little aid in confirming the fact, that after all, the night is not more "hideous" than the cheerful day. Boolong, Sept, 1871. 