UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BAETRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XI. LADY KNOLLYS SEES THE FEATOEES. Br I. S. LE FAXTT, Author of " Wylder'f lland," "The House bythe Churchyard." Ac. J&C.; PEBHAPS, if Madame had murmnred, "It is quite well—pray permit me to sleep," she would have escaped an awkwardness. But having adopted the role of the exhausted slumberer, she could not consistently speak at the moment; neither would it do, by main force, to hold the coverlet about ber lace: and so her presence of mind forsook her, and Cousin Monica drew it back, and hardly beheld the profile of the suflerer, when her good-humoured face was lined and shadowed with a dark curiosity and a surprise by no means pleasant; and she stood erect beside the bed, with her mouth firmly shut and drawn down at the corners, in a sort of recoil and perturbation, looking down upon the patient. " So that's Madame de la Rougierre ?" at length exclaimed Lady Knollys, with a very stately disdain. I think I never saw any one look more shocked. Madame sat up, very flushed. No wonder, for she had been wrapped so close in the coverlet. She did not look quite at Lady Knollys, but straight before her, rather downward, and very luridly. I was very much frightened and amazed, and felt on the point of bursting into tears. " So, Mademoiselle, you have married, it seems, since I had last the honour of seeing you ? I did not recognise Mademoiselle under her new name." " Yes—I am married, Lady Knollys; I thought everyone who knew me had heard of that. Very respectably married, for a person of my rank. I shall -not need long the life of a governess. There is no harm, I hope ?" "I hope not," said Lady Knollys, drily, a little pale, and still looking with a dark sort of wonder upon the flushed face and forehead of the governess, who was looking downward, straight before her, very sulkily and disconcerted. " I suppose you have explained everything satisfactorily to Mr. Ruthyn, in whose house I find you ?" said Cousin Monica. " Yes, certainly—everything he requires— in effect there is nothing to explain. I am ready to answer to any question. Let himdemand me." " Very good, Mademoiselle." " Madame, if you please." " I forgot—Madame—yes. I shall apprise him of everything. Madame turned upon her a peaked and malign look, smiling askance with a stealthy scorn. " For myself, I have nothing to conceal, have -always done my duty. What fine scene about nothing absolutely—what charming remedies for a sick person 1 Ma foi 1 how much oblige I am for these so amiable attentions !" "So far as I can see, Mademoiselle— Madame, I mean—you don't stand very much in noed of remedies. Your ear and head don't seem to trouble you just now. I fancy these pains may now be dismissed." Lady Knollys was now speaking French. " Mi ladi has diverted my attention for a moment, but that does not prevent that I suffer frightfully. I am, of course, only poor •governess, aud such people, perhaps, ought not to have pain—at least to show when they suffer. It Is permitted us to die, but not to he sick." " Come, Maud, my dear, let us leave the Invalid to her reposo and to nature. I don't think she needs my chloroform and opium, at present." " Mi ladi is herself a physic which chases many things, and powerfully affects the ear. I would wish to sleep, notwithstanding, and can but gain that in silence, if it pleases mi ladi." " Come, my dear," said Lady Knollys, without again glancing at the scowling, smiling, swarthy face in the bed; "let us leave your instructress to her coin/arts." " Tho room smells all over of brandy, my dear—does she drink ?" said Lady Knollys, as she closed the door, a little sharply. I am sure I looked as much amazed as I felt, at an imputation which then seemed to me so entirely incredible. " Good little simpleton 1" said Cousin Monica, smiling in my face, and bestowing a little kiss on my cheek; "such a thing as a tipsy lady has never been dreamt of in your philosophy. Well, we live and learn. Let us have our tea in my room—the gentlemen, I •dare say, have retired." I assented, of course, and we had tea very cosily by her bedroom fire. " How long have you had that woman ?' she asked suddenly, after, for her, a very long rumination. " She came in the beginning of February— nearly ten months ago—is it not ?" " And who sent her ?" " I really don't know ; papa tells me so little—he arranged it all himself, I think." Cousin Monica made a sound of acquiescence—her lips closed, and a nod, frowning hard at the bars. "It is very odd!" sho said; how people can be such fools!" Here then came a little pause. " And what sort of person is she—do you like her ?" "Very well—that is, pretty welL .You won't tell ?—but she rather frightens me I'm sure she does not intend it, but somehow I am very much afraid of her-" " She does not beat you ?" said Cousin Monica, 'with an incipient frenzy in her face that made me . lore her. "Oh no!" " Nor ill-ose yon in any way ?" " No." " Upon your honour and word, Maud ?" " No, upon my honour." " Yon know I won't tell her anything yon say to me; and I only, want to know, that I may putan end to it, my poor little cousin." "Thankyou, 'Cousin Monica, very much; but really and truly she does not ill-ose me." " Nor threaten yon, child?" " Well, no—no, she does not threaten." '.'And how the plague does she frighten yon, child?" " Well, I really—Tm half ashamed to tell yon—-you'll laugh at me—and l don't know . that she wishes to frighten me. Bat -there is something, is not there, ghosty, yon know, *bout her ?" . " Ghosty—is there ? well, I'm sure I don't knoWj bttt I suspect there's something devilish —I mean, she seems roguish—does not she ? And I really think she had neither cold nor pain, but has just been shamming sickness, to keep out of my way." I perceived plainly enongh that Cousin Monica's damnatory epithet referred to some retrospective knowledge, which she was not going to- disclose to me. "You knew Madame before," I said. Who is she?" " She assures me she is Madame de la Rougierre, and, I suppose, in French phrase she so calls herself," answered Lady Knollys, with a laugh, but uncomfortably, I thought. Oh, dear Cousin Monica, do tell me—is she—is she very wicked ? I am so afraid of her!" How should I know, dear Maud ? But I do remember ber face, and I don't very much like her, and you may depend on it I will speak to your father in the morning about her, and don't, darling, ask me any more about her, for I really have not very much to tell you that you would care to hear, and the fact is I wm't say any more about ber—there!" And Consin Monica laughed, and gave me a little slap on the cheek, and then a kiss. Well, just tell me this " Well, I icon't tell you this, nor anything— not a word, curious little womau. The fact is, I have little to tell, and I mean to speak to your father, and he, I am sure, will do what is right; so don't ask mo any more, and let us talk of something pleasanter." There was something indescribably winning, it seemed to me, in Cousin Monica. Old as she was, she seemed to me so girlish, compared with those slow, unexceptionable .young ladies whom I had met in my few visits at the county houses. By this time my shyness was quite gone, and I was on the most intimate terms with her. You know a great deal about her, Cousin Monica, but you won't tell me." " Nothing I should like better, if I were at liberty, little rogue ; but you know, after all, I don't really say whether I do know anything about her or not, or what sort of knowledge it But tell me what you mean by ghosty, and all about it." So I recounted my experiences, to which, so far from laughing at me, she listened with very special gravity. Does she write and receive many letters ?" I had soen her write letters, and supposed, though I could only recollect one or two, that she received in proportion. " Are you, Mary Quince ?" asked my lady cousin. Mary was arranging the window-curtains, and turned, dropping a courtesy affirmatively toward her. " You wait on my little cousin, Miss Ruthyn, don't you ?" " Yes, 'm," said Mary, in her genteelest way. " Does anyone sleep in her room ?" "Yes, 'm, 1—please, my lady." " And no one else ?" " No, 'm—please, my lady." "Not even tho governess, sometimes ?" " No, please, my lady." " Never, you are quite sure, my dear ?" said Lady Knollys, transferring the question to me. " Oh no, never," I answered. Cousin Monica mused gravely, I fancied even anxiously, into the grate; then stirred her tea and sipped it, still looking into the same point of our chcory fire. " I like your face, Mary Quince; I'm sure you are a good creature," she said, suddenly turning toward her with a pleasant countenance. " I'm very glad you have got her, dear. I wonder whether Austin has gone to his bed yet!" " I think not. I am certain he is either in the library or in his private room—papa often reads or prays alone at night, and—and ho does not like to be interrupted." " No, no ; of course not—it will do very well in the morning." Lady Knollys was thinking deeply, as it seemed to me. " Aud so you are afraid of goblins, my dear," she said at last, with a faded sort of smile, turning toward me ; " well, if J were, I know what J should do—so soon as I, and good Mary Quince here, had got into my bedchamber for the night, I should stir the fire into a good blaze, and bolt the door—do you see, Mary Quince ?—bolt the door and keep a candle lighted all night. You'll be very attentive to her, Mary Quince, for I—I don't think she is very strong, and she must not grow nervous : so get to bed early, and don't leave her alone—do you Bee 1—and—and re member to bolt the door, Mary Quince, and I shall be sending a little Christmas-box to my cousin, and I shan't forget you. Goodnight," And with a pleasant courtesy Mary fluttered out of the room. CHAPTER XH. i. CUBIODS CONVERSATION. We each had another cup of tea, and were silent for awhile. " We must not talk of ghosts now. You are a superstitious little woman, yon know, and you shan't be frightened." And now Cousin Monica grew silent again, and looking briskly round the room, like, a lady in search of a subject, her eye rested on a small oval portrait, graceful, brightly tinted, in the French style, representing a pretty little boy, with rich golden hair, large soft eyes, delicate features, and a shy, peculiar expression. " It is odd; I think I remember that pretty little sketch, very , long ago. I think I was then myself a child, but that is a much older style of dress, and of wearing the hair, too, than I ever saw. I am just forty-nine now. Oh dear, yes; that is a good while before I was horn. What a strange, pretty little boy! a mysterious little fellow. Is he quite sincere, I wonder ? What rich golden hair! It is very clever—a French artist, I dare say—and who is that little boy ?" "I never heard. Some one a hundred years ago, I dare say. Bat there is a picture down- stairs I, am so anxious to ask yon about." "Oh!" murmured Lady Knollys, still gazing dreamily on the crayon. " It is the fall-length picture of Uncle Silas—I want to ask you about him." At mention of his name, my consin gave me a look so sadden and odd as to amount almost to a start. " Your uncle Silas, dear ? It is very odd, I was just thinking of himand she laughed a little. "Wondering whether that little boy could be he." • And up jumped active Consin Monica, with a candle in her hand, upon a chair, and scrutinised the border of the sketch for a name or a date. : " Maybe TO the back?" raid she. ' And so she unhung it, and thero, true enough, not on the back of the drawing, but of the frame, which was juBt as good, in pen-and-ink round Italian letters, hardly distinguishable now from the discoloured wood, we traced—- " Silag Aylmer Uuthyn, Mate viii. 15 May, 1770. " It is very odd I should not have been told or remembered who it was. I think if I had ever been told I should have remembered it. I do recollect this picture, though, I am nearly certain. What a singular child's face 1" And my cousin leaned over it with a candle on each side, and her hand shading her eyes, as if seeking by aid of these fair and halfformed lineaments to read an enigma. The childish features defied her, I suppose; their secret was unfathomable, for after a good while she raised her head, still looking at the portrait, and sighed. " A very singular face," she said, softly, as a person might who was looking into a coffin. " Had not we better replace it ?" So the pretty oval, containing the fair golden hair and largo eyes, the pale, unfathomable sphinx, remounted to its nail, and the fiineste and beautiful child seemed to smile down oracularly on our conjectures. So is the face in the large portrait— very singular—more, I think, than that— handsomer too. This is a sickly child, I think; but the full-length is so manly, though so 6lender, and so handsome too. I always think him a hero and a mystery, and they won't tell me about him, and I can only dream and wonder." , He has made more people than you dream and wonder, my dear Maud. I don't know what to make of him. He is a sort of idol, you know, of your father s, and yet I don't think he helps him much. His abilities were singular; so has been his misfortune ; for the rest, mv dear, he is neither a hero nor a wonder. So far as I know, there are very few sublime men going about the world." You really must tell me all you know about him, Cousin Monica. Now don't refuse." " But why should you care to hear ? There is really nothing pleasant to tell." That is just the reason I wish it. If it were at all pleasant, it would bo qnite commonplace. I like to hear of adventures, dangers, and misfortunes; and above all, I love a mystery. You know, papa will ilever tell me, and I dare not ask him; not that he is ever unkind, but, somehow, I am afraid; and neither Mrs. Rusk nor Mary Quince will tell me anything, although I suspect they know a good deal." " I don't see any good in telling you, dear, nor, to say the truth, any great harm either." "No—now that's quite true—no harm. There emit be, for I must know it all some day, you know, and better now, and from you, than perhaps from a stranger, and in a less favourable way." " Upon my word, it is a wise little woman ; and really, that's not such bad sense after all." So we poured out another cup of tea each, and sipped it very comfortably by the fire, while Lady Knollys talked on, and her animated face helped the strange story. " It is not very much, after all. Your uncle Silas, you know, is living ? " " Oh yes, in Derbyshire." " So I see you know something of him, sly girl! but no matter. You know how very rich your father is; but Silas was the younger brother, and had little more than a thousand a year. If ho had not played, and did not care to inarry, it would have been quite enough—-ever so much more than younger sons of dukes often have; but he was—well, a mauuais si/jet—you know what that is. I don't want to say any ill of him—more than I really know—but he was fond of his pleasures, I suppose, like other young men, and he played, and was always losing, and your father for a long time paid great sums for him. believe he was really a most expensive aud vicious young man ; and I fancy he does not deny that now, for they say he would change the past if he could. I was looking at the pensive little boy in the oval frame—aged eight years—who was, a few springs later, ' a inost expensive and vicious young man,' and was now a suffering and outcast old one, and wondering from what a small seed the hemlock or the wallflower grows, and how microscopic are the beginnings of the kingdom of God or of the mystery of iniquity in a human being's heart. " Austin—your papa—was very kind to him —very; but then, you know, he's an oddity, dear—he is an oddity, though no one may have told you before—and he never forgave him for his marriage. Your father, I suppose, knew more about the lady than I did—I was young then—but there were various reports, none of them pleasant, and she was not visited, and for some time there was a complete estrangement between your father and your uncle Silas ; and it was made up, rather oddly, on the very occasion which some people said ought to have totally separated them. Did you ever hear anything—anything very remarkable—about your nncle ? " " No, never; they would not tell me, though I am sure they know. Pray go on." ••"Well, Maud, as I have begun, I'll complete the story, though perhaps it might have been better untold. It was something rather shocking—indeed eery shocking ; in fact, they insisted on suspecting him of having committed a murder." £ stared at my cousin, for some time, and then at the 'ittle boy, so refined, so beautiful, so funaste, in the oval frame. " Yes, dear," said she, her eyes following mine; " who'd have supposed he could' ever have—have fallen under so horrible a suspicion?" " The wretches ! Of course, Uncle Silas —of course he's innocent ?" I said at last. " Of course, my dear," said Cousin Monica, with an odd look ; " but you know there are some things as bad almost to be suspected of as to have done, and country gentlemen chose to suspect him. They did not like him, yon see. Qis politics vexed them; and he resented their treatment of his wife—though I really think, poor Silas, he did not care a pin abont her—and he annoyed them whenever he could. Your papa, you know, is very prond of his family—lie never had the slightest suspicion of your nncle." " Oh no ! " I cried vehemently. That's right, Mand Ruthyn," said Cousin Monica, with a sad little smile and a nod. "And your papa was, yon may suppose, very angry." " Of coarse ho was," I exclaimed. " Yon have no idea, my dear, koto angry. Hie directed his attorney to prosecute, by wholesale, all who had said a word affecting your ancle's character. Bat the lawyers were against it, and then your nncle tried to fight LIB way through it, but the men would not meet him. He was quite Slurred. Your father went up and saw the Minister. Her wanted to have him a Deputy-Lieutenant, or something, in biB county. Your papa, you know, had a very great influence with the Government. Beside his county influence, he had two boroughs then. But the Minister was afraid, the feeling was so very strong. They offered him something in the colonies, but your father would not hear of it—that would have been a banishment, you know. They would have given your father a peerage to make it up, but he would not accept it, and broke with the party. Except in that way—which, you was connected "with the reputation of the family—I don't think, considering his great wealth, he has done very much for Silas. To say truth, however, he was very liberal before his marriage. Old Mrs. Aylmer says he made a vow then that Silas should never have more than five hundred a-year, which he still allows him, I believe, and he permits him to live in the place. But they say it is in a very wild, You live in the same county—have yon seen it lately, Cousin Monica ?" "No, not very lately," said Cousin Monica, and began to hum an air abstractedly. CHAPTER XIH. BEFORE AND AFTER BREAKFASl. Next morning early I ^visited my favorite full-length portrait in the chocolate coat and top-boots. Scanty as had been my cousin Monica's notes upon this dark and eccentric biography, they were everything to me. A soul had entered that enchanted form. Truth had passed by with her torch, and a sad light shone for a moment on that enigmatic face. There stood the rout—tic duellist—and, with, all his faults, the hero too 1 In that dark'large eye lurked the profound and fiery enthusiasm of his ill-starred passion. In the thin but exquisite lip I read the courage of the who would have "fought his way," though single-handed, against all the magnates of his county, and by ordeal of battle have purged the honour of the Ruth jus. There in that delicate half-sarcastic tracery of the nostril I detected the intellectual defiance which had politically isolated Silas Ruthyn and opposed him to the landed oligarchy of his county, whoso retaliation had been a hideous slander. There, too, and on his brows and lip, I traced the patience of a cold disdain. I could not see him as he was—the prodigal, the hero, and the martyr. I stood gazing on him with a girlish interest and admiration. There was indignation, there was pity, there was hope. Some day it miL come to pass that I, girl as I was, might contribute by word or deed towards the vindication of that long-suffering, gallant, and romantic prodigal. It was a flicker of the Joan of Arc inspiration, common, I fancy, to many girls. I little then imagined how profoundly and strangely involved my uncle's fate would one day become with mine. I was interrupted by Captain Oakley's voice at the window. He was leaning on the window-sill, and looking in with a smile—the window "being open, the morning 6unny, and his cap lifted in his hand. " Good- morning, Miss Ruthyn. "What a charming old place 1 quite the setting for a romance ; such timber, and this really beautiful house. I dx> so like these white and black houses—wonderful old things. By-thchye, you treated us very badly last night—you did, indeed ; upon my word, now, it really •was too bad—running away, and drinking tea with Lady Knollys—so she says. I really—I should not like to tell you how' very savage I felt, particularly considering how very short my time is." I was a shy, but not a giggling country miss. I knew I was an heiress ; I knew I was somebody. I was not the least bit in the world conceited, but I think this knowledge helped to give me a certain sense of security and self-possession, which might have been mistaken for dignity or simplicity. I am sure I looked at him with a fearless enquiry, for he answered my thoughts. " I do really assure you, Miss Ruthyn, I am quite serious ; you have no idea how very much we missed you." There was a little pause, and, I believe, like a fool, I lowered my eyes, and blushed. " I—I was thinking of leaving to-day ; I am so unfortunate—my leave is just out—it is so unlucky ; but I don't quite know whether my aunt Knollys will allow mo to go." "J?—certainly, -my dear Charlie, 1 don't want you at all," exclaimed- a voice—Lady Knolly's—briskly, from an open window close by; 'what could put that in your head,, dear ?" And in went my cousin's head, and the window shut down. " She is such an oddity, poor dear Aunt Knollys," murmured tho young man, ever so little put out, and ho langhed. " I never know qnite what she wishes, or how to please her; but she's so good- natured; and when she goes to town for the season—she does not always, you know—her hon6e is really very gay—you can't think ' Here again he was interrupted, for the door opened, and Lady Knollys entered. " And you know, Charles," she continued, "it would not do to lorget your visit to Snodhurst; >you wrote, you know, and you have only to-night and to-morrow. You are thinking of nothing but that moor; I heard you talking to the game-keeper; I know he is—is not he, Maud, the brown man with great -whiskers, and leggings ? I'm very sorry, you know, but I really must spoil your shooting, for they do expect you at Snodhurst, Charlie; and do not you think this window a little too much for Miss Ruthyn? Maud, my dear, the air is very sharp; shut it down, Charles, and you'd better tell them to get a fly for you from, the town after luncheon. Come, dear," she 6aid to me. "Was not that the breakfast bell ? Why does not your papa get a gong ?—it is so hard to know one bell from another." I saw that Captain Oakley lingered for a. last look, but I did not give it, and went outsmiling with Cousin Knollys, and wonder ing «vby old ladies are jso uniformly dis- In the lobby she said, with an odd, goodnatured look— "Don't allow any of bis love-making, my dear. Charles Oakley has not a guinea, and an heiress would be very convenient. Of course he has his eyes about him. Charles is not by any means foolish; and I should not be at all sorry to -see him well married, for I don't think he will do much good any other way; but there are degrees, and his ideas are sometimes very impertinent." 1 was an admiringreaiier of the Albums, and Souvenirs, the Ketpmhes, and all thai flood of Christmas-present lore which yearly irrigated England, with pretty covers and engravings; and floods of elegant twaddle— the milk, not destitute of water, oil which the babes of literature were then fed. On this, my genuie throve. I had a little album, enriched with many gems of original thought and observation, which I jotted down in suitable language. Lately, turning over those faded leaves of rhyme and prose, I lighted, under this day's date, upon the following sage reflection, with my name appended ;— " Is there not in the female heart an ineradicable jealousy, which if it sways the passions of the young, rules also the admre of the agndl Do tbey not grudge to youth the sentiments (though Heaven knows how shadowed with 6orrow) which they can no longer inspire, perhaps even experience; and does not youth, in turn, sigh over the envy tvhich has power to blight 1 "MAUD AYLMEB HDTHTN." He has not been making love to me," I said rather tartly, " and lie does not eeenj to me at all impertinent, and I realiy don't care the least whether he goes or stays." Cousin Monica looked in my face with her old waggish smile, and iaugbed. " You'll understand those London dandies better someday, dear Maud; tbey are very well, but they like money—not to keep, of course—but still they like it and know its value." At breakfast my father told Captain Ookley where lie might have shooting, or if preferred going- to Dilsiord, only half an hours ride, he might have his choice of hunters, and find the dogs there that morning. The Captain smiled archly at me, and looked at his aunt. There was a suspense. I hope I did not show how much I was interested—but it would not do. Cousin Monica was inexorable. " Hunting, hawking;, fishing, fiddle-de-dee! You know, Charlie, my dear, it is quite out of the question. He is going to Snodhurst this afternoon, and without quite a rudeness, in which I should ba involved too, he really can't—yon know you can't, Charles ! and— aud be must go and keep his engagement." So papa acquiesced with a polite regret, and hoped another time. " Ob, leave that to me. When you want him, only write me a note, and I'll send him or bring him if you let me. I always know were to fiod him—don't I, Charlie ?—and we shall only be too bappy." Aunt Monica's influence with her nephew was special, for she 'tipped' him handsomely every now and then, and he had formed lor himself agreeable expectations, besides, respecting her will. I felt rather angry at his submitting to this sort of tutelage knowing nothing of its motive; I was also disf;u6ted by Cousin Monica's tyranny. So soon as he had left the room, Lady Knollys, not minding me, said briskly," Kever let that young man into your house again. I found him making 1 speeches, this morning, to little Maud here; and he really has not two pence in the world—it is amazing impudence —and you kuow such absurd things do happen." "Come, Maud, what compliments did he pay you ?" asked my father. I was vexed, and therefore spoke courageously. " His compliments were not to me; they were all to the house,' I said, drily. " Quite as it should be—the house, of course; it is that he's in love with,' said Consin Knollys. " 'Twas on a widow's jointure land. Tljc archer, Cupid, took liis stand." " Hey! I don't quite understand," said my father, slily. " Tut! Austin ; you forget Charlie is my nephew." " So I did," said my father. " Therefore, the literal widow in this case can have no interest in view but one, and that is yours and Maud's. I wish him well, but be shan't put ray little cousin and her expectations into his empty pocket—not a bit of it. And threes ano'her reason, Austin, why you should marry—you Lave no eye for these things, whereas a clever woman vould see at a glance and prevent mischief." " So she would," acquiesced my father, in bis gloomy, amused way. "Maud, you must try to be a clever woman." " So she will in her time, but tbBt is not come yet; and I tell you, Austin Ituthyn, if you won't look about and marry somebody somebody may possibly marry you." " You were always an oracle, Monica;' bat here I am lost in total perplexity," said my lather. " Yes ; sharks sailing round you, with keen eyes and large throats; aud you have come to an age precisely when men are swallowed up alive like Jonah." "Thank you for the parallel, but you know tbat was not a happy union, even for the fish, and there was a separation in a few days ; sot that I mean to trust to that; but there's no one to throw me into the jaws of the monster, and I've no notion of jumping there; and the fact is, Monica, there's no monster at all." " I'm not so sure." " But I'm quite sure," said my father, a little drily. " You forget how old I am, and bow long I've lived alone—I and little Maud; and be smiled and smoothed my hair, and, I thought, sighed. No one is ever too old to do a foolish thing," began Lady Knollys. " Nor to say a foolish thing, Monica, This has gone on too long. Don't you see that little Maud there is silly enough to be frighttened at your fun." So I was, but I could not divine how be guessed it. 1 1 And well or ill, wisely or madly, Til never marry; so put that out of your head." This was addressed rather to me, I think, than to Lady Knollys, who smiled a little waggishly on me, and said— " To be sure, Mand; maybe you aro right; a stepdame is a risk, and I ought to have asked you first what you thought of it; and npon my honour," she continued merrily but kindly, observing that my eyes, I know not exactly from what feeling, filled with tears, " I'll never again advise your papa to marry, unless you first tell me you wish it." This was a great deal from Lady Knollys, who had a taste for advising her friends and managing their affairs. " I've a great respect for instinct. I believe, Austin, it is truer than reason, and yours and Maud's are both against me, though I know I have reason on my side." My father's brief wintiy smile answered, and Consin Monica kiBsed me, and said— I've been so long omywn mistites that I sometimes forget there are such things m feaf and jealousy; and are you going''to y0Bt governess, Maud V CHAPTER XIV. AFT GEY WOBDS. .1 was going to my governess, as Lady Knollys said; and so I went. Tue undefinable fense of danger tbat smote me wliener8r I beheld that woman had deepened since last night's occurrence, and Was taken out of the region of # instinct or prepossession by the strange though slight indications of reco»- nition and abhorrence which I bad witcessed in Lady Knollys on that onciision. The tone in which Cousin Monica had asken," are you going to your gotertiess ?" and the curious, grave, and anxious loot iLat accompanied the question, disturbed DIP; and there was something odd and cold in tin toas as if a remembrance had suddenly chilled her. The accent remained in my ear, and tue sharp brooding look was fixed before me as I {rlided up the broad dark stairs to Madame de la Rougierre's chamber. She had not come down to the school-room as the scene of my studies was called. She had decided on having a relapse, and accordmgly had not made her appearance downstairs tbat morning. The gallery leadiun- to her room was dark and lonely, and I grew more nervous as I approached; I paused at the door, making up my mind to knock. But' the door suddenly opened, and like a magic-lantern figure, presented with nsnsp, appeared close before my eyes the great muffled face, with the forbidding smirk, of Madame da la Rougierfe. Wat yon mean, my dear chealief, Fbe inquired with a malevolent shrewdness in her eyes, and her hollow 6mile all the time disconcerting me more even than the suddenness of her appearance; " wat for you approach so softly? I do not sleep, you see, but jou feared, perbaps; to have the misfortune of wakening me, and so you came—is it not so? to leesten, and loofce in very gen til j; you want to kncr.v how I was. Vous ctes bien aim able d'avoir pense a inoi. Bah!" die cried, suddenly bursting through her irony. " Wy could not Lady Knollys come herself and leesteu to the keyhole to made her report f Fi done ! wat is there to concenl ? Nothing. Enter, if you please. Every one there are we!, come!" and she flung open the door wide, turned her back upon me, and, with an pjacution which I did nut understand, strode into the room. " I did not come with any intention, Madame, to pry or to intrude—yon don't think so—you can't think so—you can't possibly mean to insinuate anything so insulting 1" I was very angTy, and my tremors had s'l vanished now. " No, not for you, dear cheaile; I wa? thinking to miladi Knolls, who, without cause is my enemy. Every one has enemy; you will learn all tbat so soon as you are a little older, and without cause she is mine. Comet Maud, speak a the truth—was it not miladi Knollys who sent you here donceinent, douce' ment, so quaite to my door—is it not so, little rogue." / Madame hod confronted me apaip, and we we were now standing in the midtile of her floor. / I indignantly repelled the clprge, and searching nie a moment with her tidily-shaped cunning eyes, she said— I That is g-ood cheaile, you (peak a so direct—I like that, and am glad t« hear; but, my dear Mand, that woman ' II Lady Knollys is papa's cousik." I intet* posed a little gravely. I "She does hate a me so, yon ^v no idea. She as tryed to injure me several time®, and would employ the most innocent petson, unconsciously you know, mJ denr, to pssist Let ! malice.' Here Madame wept a little. I had nl-eady discovered that she could slied tears whenever she pleased. I have heard of such person!, but I never met another before or since. Madame was unusually frank—no one erer knew better when to be candid. At presentl suppose she concluded that Lady Knollys would certainly relate whatever she kne» concerning her before she left Knowl; and so Madame's reserves, whatever they mijrbt be, were dissolving, and she growing ciiildliie and confiding. " Et comment va monsieur voire pta aujourd'hui f " Very well," I thanked ber. " And how long miladi Knollys her visit« likely to be 7" " I could not say exactly, but for some days." " Eh bien, my dear cheaile, I find myself better this morning, and we must return to our lessons. Je veux m'habiller, ma chere Maud; you will wait me in the schoolroom." By this time Madame, who, though lazT, could make an effort, and was capable of getting into a sudden horry, had placed herself before her dressing-table, ana ogling her discoloured and bony counten»M® in the glass. ' . " Wat horror! I am so pale. Q® ennui! wat bore! Ow weak avlgiwin two three days 1" , ... And she practised some plaintive, i«w l(l glances into the mirror. But on a sums there came a little sharp inquisitive fro* 1185 she looked over the frame ot the glass, op® the terrace beneath. It was only a and she sat down languidly in her to prepare, I suppose, for the fatigues of tie tjilet. , My curiosity was sufficiently arcmseJ w induce me to ask— A t "But why, Madame, do you fancy Lady Knollys dislikes you ?" "'Tis not fancy, my dear Ma«d. no! Mais e'est toute une histoirfr- 1^ tedious to tell now—some time ^ J j L you will learn when you are little olae-'i most violent hatreds often they are without cause. But, my dear cheaile,, hours tbey are running from us, audi dress. Vite, vite! so you runaways school-room, and I will come after.' Madame bad her dressing-case ^ mysteries, and palpably stood in repaire; so away I went to my studiesroom which we called the school-roe® partly beneath the fioor of Madam? chamber, and commanded the sauie «» ' remembering my governess's peering from ber windows. I looked out, »" • Cousin Monica making a brisk pwm^ Jv and down the terrace-walk, tt ell, ^ ^ - quite enough to account fcr it. 1 very curious, and I resolved wjen were over to join her and makers' 1 " tempt to discover the mystery. fib U w»K*ae&J; 