RITUALISM.';.; : ' ' ; Bv the. ide.vni np ; oatji.tot J . . ' Gontiim'ed from oiir last.) ; Fn.st, ' consider our blessed 'Lord's' own' personal cliaraq'ter. and , teaching. !jjThb.so> iwbo . are .ae- .miainted with the circuinstanecs, under vhich He appeared, baiinbt-.e.xpcrt I'hany open aiid: direct declaratioiis froni Him of' the abolition of - Liivj ouwisii euonomy aiiti ritual. TJie temple was still standing, : and Hb came not to destroy, but rto fulfil, all the symbolic services for the ' justification of ninn. Hence his observance of the. Jewish .ceremonies throiiglioiit liis whole life. He went up from time to time to worship at Jerusalem, aud frequented the temple, and observed the holy seasons, both fasts and feasts. At the same time, it should be noticed that His chief object in frequenting the temple was to preach the Gospel. The temple was the place of public resort, like the Areopagus at Athens. , J, here He met the assembled people, and preach ed dar by day. The venerable Bisliop of Ver- mont dwells much on this personal presence of Christ in the temple, arguing from it His love for ritual, and tbo inferential duty involving upon us to engraft as much as possible of Jewish ritual into Christian worship, forgetting altoge ther the far more freqneiit presence of our Loril in the synagogue. The Bishop scarcely recog nises this important fact, tliat if the Lord Jesus spent some days in the temple, he spent many more in the syiuagogue. There He taught and preached Babbath after Sabbath ; and the syna- gogue wor.ship ' far more resembles our Christi.an woi'sliip. And there are those outside this con troversy who have shown much learning .in proving that our Evangelical woi-ship is an imi tation rather of the synagogue worship than of the templo worship. But the Bishop's, iirgu- ' nicnt f.alls to the ground ; for if, as ho argues, we ought to imitate the templo worsliip because Chri.st Irequcutcd it, ave must, on the sanic grounds, imitate the '.synagogue worsliip because He 'frequented that still more frequeiitly. TiU'iiiiig; to 'another suhjcet, wu have a re- :niarkaijle evidence of .the simple character . of the .Cliristiiiii niiiiistnition.s and worship in the ful- lilmbnt 'bf ii' ivell-knowii prophecy— that .the glory of the second temple consisted not only in the "spleiulouv. of the building itself and its costly architecture, but in the visible presence : of God jHimself. At its dedication the majesty of Jehovah, was so awi'iiliy displayed tliat the priests fled out of the temple from the greatness of: that glory.. How was thosocond temple to c.\ceed the first in glory ? Not in its architec ture, not in the richness of its decorations, cer tainly hot in' its' vhihlo glory. Riit all aro agreed that the glory, of the secontnieniple con sisted in, the. presence of God manifest in the lleslr. . , Now, hoiv did God manifest in the flesh appear,?;' As a poor, simple, unadorneil man, " in whom there avas ho beauty that they should dosire'ihiin," .with no tr.aiii of angels, no glory rouiul His .head. There avas. the spiritual fquiider,,<>f , the - Christian religion, destitute of butavard- pomp and "shoav,; yet He said of Him self; " That in this place is one greater th.aii the temple." ; . , .,0u several occasions in the course of His iniii- istry; our. hlesscd Lord dropped into the ear of fayqured'iiidiaddrials intimations of what avas to libhie to pass ; as'iii' that well-known passage in St. John (iv; 21-24), when He assured the Sama ritan, avoman that' all Ritual distinctions avere alqut to. .be done aavay ;. and that " the hour cquioth aylieii ye shairjiieither iii this mouiitain, nor yet 'at jeriisalem, avorship the Father. The hbiir coihetU anil iibav is avheii the true avorship- pers shall . avorship the Father in spirit and in truth,",, any where .and, everyavhcrc alike. So, avhon describihg His Gospbl Kingdom to His dis ciples; 'He said, '"The Kingdom of God coineth 'hot aadtli bhsera'atibii," or, as it is in the margin, "avith - outavard shoav." (Luke x\'ii., 20.) Ritualism, on the contrary, is all display, thci-e is, nothing to be done avithont a full train of moiiks, ' and prooessiohs, avith avhieh they tell us St. Aiigustine converted England. ' -Again, on a certain occasioni- avhcnthe Saadour avas; retiring from the temple avhere He. had heeii lahquring all day long, one of His disciples pbiuted but to Him the beautiful stones of the 'Temple, and said, " Master, see avhat maiiiicr of stones and avhat buildings arc here !" He said, "Seest thou these great buildings ? there shall ,iiot be left one stoiie upon anotber, that shall not be throavn dbavii." ' (Mai-k; xiii., 1-2.) Por- tontibus and, cbinprbhensivo prophooy !' Not merely shall Jerusalem he destroyed; aud the Jeavish polity savept ; aavay, hut the avliole sym- ,bol system of temple avorsliip along avith it ! Its .alt'ai', its sacrifices,' its priests and Levites — all shall, .come tb' ah 'eriel; so that .God's iicople ' should not he : able to offer a aacriflce if thoy .would.',;;'- Regard foe a, moment ;thc iustitutiqh.qf that only ordinance -ivhich our TJord appointed before He' sufFcrcd.-' ' What marked simplicity, avhat a 'total 'abserioe' .of ceremony.! It avtis- after. the iPassovef. ;'lt iavas therefore, after :a full, meal : for ; the Jeavs avere . obliged to cousume the , aivhole lamb at the Passoa'ef. It aviis in ' tbo' evening, not , in the ' inohiing, " the a'ery niglit in wbich: he avas.. betray oil," destitute ' of. all shoav; .and decoration. It is hardly possible to cbnceia'e anytliiiig so dissimilar as the original institiition .of the Lord's Supper aiid'the Romish mass; or the Ritualistic " eu- elharistic sacrifice." - It avould seem! that they rc.ally avent . out of .their avay to make their .g.audy avorship as little like the .Holy Supper as jjossible.; 'It av.as instituted iii the cmn'H.r/, .aiul they.say .that it ouglit to be taken in the wwrw- infi i avas recoia'ed after a full meal, they take it fasting ; they cli.ange tbe jji-cad into a.avafer, .and mingle avator avith the aa-ine ; so 'that hardly a, trace of the original institution is to' he dis covered in tlleireLaborate service. ' \- But another event of a most startling aiul miraculous descriptiou demauds our .attention. Aniqng the.avonders of Mount Calaiilry, as the Lortl Jpsjis hung lipon the ' Cross, avheni-Ie bowed His head and - g.ave up the ghost, the veil of the 'Temple avhieh had - coiieealed the most 'Holy Place for a, thousand years — that veil avhose mystei-ies oven a pious pribst -ivoiikl sooner die than ' .attempt to peu'btr.ate— avas by some iuadsible h.aiid rent in twain, from the top to the bottom. It av.as the hour of eveuiiig prayer,' ovhen, probably, unusual multitudes ayere assembled because of the miraculous dark ness, avhen this s'.r.ange ea'eiit occurred— laying bare to the g.aze' of tlie avohdering priests, avbo. avould tell the sign to the astonished people, the iilaee avhere God avas. Is it possible to conceive any supem.atural portent more e.aleulated to .convey the trutii, th.at the system of symbolism, mystery, .and ritual av.as about to be forever .abolished ? After His death and resurrection, our Jjord ne.vei- .ag.aiu visited the 'Temple. He had done avith its forms and symbols — and that dispen sation, had passed aavay ! In his intercourse. , -with His disciples He entered into spiritual suh- jeets, but He gaa'e them no instrnctions relative to the mode of religious worship. He "bade them go " into all the avorld and preach the Gospel,-" " baptiziug," but he prescribed no form, only they avere to use aa'ater "in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Hoav much av.ater aa-as to be used, or avhether persons avere to be immersed, or av.ashed, or sprinkled, He did hot decide; neither form nor ceremony was commanded. He laid down great principles, and g.ave them the simplest conceivable ordmanoe. 'This is the Christian religion, this is the mind of Christ Ritual ! Hence arises one of the most forcible negative .arguments against extreme Ritual in the Christian Church. From the time when the disciples saw the Lord go up into Heaven to the latest date of the Scripture harr.ative, not a ti-iiop i.s to ho found of a gorgeous ntual ! TNiiiy had existed it is quite impossible but tnat in St line of the narratives it must have .appeared. But not a vestige is to bc found c.xccpt it be hidden in St. I'aul's cloak th.at he lott hchiiuL him atTro.as !' In default of any rational cvi- dCiiee, tliu higl) Ritualists, folloaviiig some old avive.s fables of the Dark .-Vgos, haa'c fixed 011 thi.s cloak, as some religious dross, a cape or . gome moiikisli attire ! Outside commeiit.atois have iuiiocciitly iin.agiiied tliat it avas- part of tno ordin.ary Roman dress ; but this is too eomuuih, pcrliaps, ail Erastiaii vicav of the subject 1 jtliglit it not bo suggested to those lUtualistie ai'cliiologists that this cloak . iri.ay. be the identical iiiaiitle avhieh fell from the shoulders of Elijah or Elislia ? 'There arc many tilings in Ritualism and Romanism not less, absurd than, tiiis suggestion. Who would coucoivo it possible that the Ritualists could press anotlior story into their sci-viee ? It is mentioned that there avere many lights in the upper chamber avhere Raul avas long preaching, and .tiiey coiichKle that those lights must have been the decorations of an, high altar. ! . It does not occur to them, that, being midnight, it avas dark' at the" time, .and that candles avere lighted for the purpose of ciiahliiig people to see — just the rea'-erse of their practise. 'Tlicy light candles on their altar in broad daylight, and in the fiico of the glorious .snu ! Einblomatic! it iii.ay be, of the -.pal try light of Ritualism, as contrasted avith. tbo Gospel of Christ. But enough of these feeblo sug gestions. 'Throughout the wliolc of the sacred stoi-y, no encouragement is afforded, no indi cation avhatcver , is given, that any ! part qr iiortioii of the Mosaic Ritual ' avas to < bo ' en grafted into the Christian Church. ; On the coiitr.ary, further investigation avill prove that there are strong evidences to the contrary, aiid not a feav d ireot testimonials against it. ! Bishop Hopkins dw-ells much on the fact: that, immediately after the Day of Pentecost, and sonic years substquently, the apostles a,iul the early Christi.ans observed various Jewish cere monies, attended the Temple, mid recognised the appoiutcd fasts mul feasts ; aud ho mentions that idt. Paul himself, in deference, to the High Church .party, at Jerusalem, " thoso of the cir cumcision," observed some Jewish rites, entered into the Temple, " aud shaved his ' head a compromiso avhieh did not seem to he followed up avith a Providential blessing, but involved disastrous opnseqiiences, avas the occasion of his ' imprisonment, and reversed the pqlicy of James, avho advissd this course tb please the many Jeavs avho believed, But the Bishop 'forgets that the Cliurch avas in its infancy at that't'ime, that it avas then exclusively Jeavish. No Gen tile avas yet called ; that mystery- had_ iiot yet beeu revealed. It . avas 011 the calllhg of the Gentiles tliat St. Peter first spoke out boldly iu f.avor qfthe liberty of the Christian Church. Re turning from his mission to Comclius, ho avas .violently opposed by the iiioi-e bigoted Cbristiiiu : Jeavs, . avlio rebuked biiu for gOiiig. among the. Gentiles. Peter on this oecosiou .assumed ho- authority, iior did he , claim the poaver of the keys; He. was compelled to produce arguments, and facts, and avitnesscs to prove, that this avas God's doing arid it avas thbii only , that the opposers yielded, saying " 'That uiito the Gentiles also God. hath granted 'repoiitaiice unto life." On a subsequent! , occa- ' sion the same Apostle of the circumcision, in pleading this cause, . used; tliosb. remarkable avoids,— tY Why tciript yo God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, avhieh naitli'er our fathers nor avo ave able to bear ? "-r-Acts xy.; 10; hloreover, ave have direct evidence re.spect- ing this saine Peter, that he himself, abandoricd Jewish cmstoiris, " and lived as did the Gen tiles." Paul avithstoo'd Peter to his face; Arid why? Because he' said, before the Jeavs of the circuincisioii c.ainc to Aiitioch, "You, Peter, lived as do the Gentilo.s.'! He hadr aharidonbd the Jeavish praetiees altogether ' as a 'man buglit' to do avho belqngeth to ii Cliurch iu avhieh: there is no'diflbrerice between - the " Jew . and the Greek.'.' But no sooiier.did Jauiosand his party come doavn , f.i-oih Jeriisalbni than lie separated himself from tlic Gentiles, 'and became a cw iig.ain ; and it was for tliis that Paul, avithstood him to his face (Galatiiiiis ii. ll-:-l,o), proving, iiot only. the fi-ecdom of the Gentiles froui Jewish rites, hut the departure of Christian Jeavs from their Mosaiu llitu.al. 'Tl.iroughqut the 'Epistle to the Galatiaris 'St. 'Paul -.argiies this blessed- truth. In Chapter, iv. 9, he. says, ! " No\v, after that ye have kiioavn God, how turn yb iigairi'lo ' the vieiik 'and hc/(jariy elemenis f " .What yvcre tliby ! , The very' cbremoiiios avhioli God himself ' . had appointed I Heiri ' is any answer to the Bishop. 'They were 'cercinonios for the, time ; i Dia'ino ordiiiaiibes, but no longer iu force ; done aavay in Christ ! . " Hoav turn ye again to the weah and beygarly eientehtSy ivhoroimto yo desire iigain -to bo in bondage ? Yd observe- days, and months, and' times, and years, I am afr.aid of you. ' Aiul after mucli .reasoning,- he adds, — Stand fast, therefore, iii the liberty avhbrewitli Christ li.ath made us free, and be riot entangled ' again avith the yoke of bondage?' TJiere is an other niagiiificont passage to the same eifect.in 2 Cor. iii. 7 — 11. 1 caii only glance at it. 'There St. Paul is eoutrastiiig the old dispcnsatiou avith. the now. One he calls the" ministratidu of . death the other "the ministration of righteous ness." He admits that there had been a glory in the Jeavish disponsatioii ; but he says " If the miuistry of condciiin.ation be glory, much, more doth the ministration of righteousness ex ceed in glory. Eor oven that avhieh avas made glorious had 110 glory in this respect by reason of the glory that excelleth. For if that ovhicli avas done aavay avas glorious, much niore' that which remaineth is glorious." And this is t.e doctrine of the Apostles thr nighout his epistles! 'The dispeiisacion of Moses was, from its very nature, its- symbolical character, doomed to pass aavay. \Ylien the thing symbolized, appesu-ed, avhen the Saviour came, avhon the'" one gi-eat sacrifice avas ofl'ered, avhen everytliiug avas finished avhieh God desired in order to recon cile man to himself," — away with the symbols. We no longer need the outavard figures avhen that which, avas the pbjcct of those figures is fully accomplished. (To he eonliiiued.) 