WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1871. The address delivered to the Chamber of Commerce yesterday, by its re- tiring president, Mr. James Black- wood, cannot be found fault with on account of its prolixity. What it says is said to the point, and the questions it deals with are few in number and germane to the objects for which the chamber was instituted and is main- tained. Mr.Blackwood shows that even in these colonies, geographically remote as they are from the seat of war in Europe, industry and commerce feel a circumferential disturbance attri- butable to the great convulsions there ; and so intricate and widely ramified are the operations of trade, so close is the interdependence of nation upon nation, that the battles which were fought in the valleys of the Meuse, the Seine, the Loire, and the Moselle, exercise a sinister influence upon the fortunes of flockowners in the most sequestered parts of Australia. Wool fell in price, the cost of imported com- modities was enhanced, the exchanges were unfavourable to the colonies, and shippers were called upon to pay war premiums of insurance. A review of the import and export trade of Victoria for the last 10 years brought out the discouraging and un- satisfactory fact that each was much smaller in 1870 than in any year of the decennial period embraced in the return. The figures quoted by Mr. Blackwood were these, to which we have added the population of the colony at the respective dates :— Value of Value of Imports. Exports. Population, £ £ 1861 ... 13,532,452 13,828,606 541,800 1870 ... 10,984,089 11,242.013 750,000 Production and consumption have thus seriously diminished, and the wildest assertions of the protectionists have failed to present any trustworthy evi- dence that this falling off has been com- pensated for by the increased produc- tiveness of domestic industry, and by the substitution of local for imported articles of consumption to a degree in any way commensurate with the les- sened ability of our population to pay for commodities drawn from external sources. The ugly fact stares us in the face that whereas every man, woman, and child in Victoria could afford to spend close upon £25 per annum upon imported goods in the year 1861, the purchasing power of each has dwindled down to less than £15 per annum. To those who pretend to argue that a protective tariff has not injured our in- tercolonial trade, the ex-president of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce re- plies that "Victoria has by unwise " legislation driven away a large number " of customers hailing from the neigh " bouring colonies, the value of whose " custom may be judged of by the fact " that they took from us goods to the " value of £4,213,152 in 1864, while " their purchases in 1869 were only " £2,149,974." As regards our ex- ports there has been a considerable fall- ing off in the yield of gold, partially counterbalanced, however, by a steady increase in the yield of wool; but if there were any virtue in protection, or any truth in the boasts of its partisans that it has given a great impulse to manufacturing industry, these bene- ficial effects should have shown them- selves in an augmented export of articles manufactured in the colony. No such result, however, has taken place, and the only thing with which protection can be positively credited is this—that it has partially destroyed our intercolonial trade, that it has checked both production and consumption, that it has impoverished our population, and that it has disappointed the expectations of its most ardent advocates, who now ask for 30 or 40 per cent. import duties in- stead of 10. With reference to the improved cha- racter of the new Assembly, and to the legislation which may be expected from it, Mr. Blackwood prefers the same re- quest to Parliament which the founder of Pennsylvania addressed to James the Second, when the latter asked the Quaker what he could do for him. "Will it please your Majesty," was the reply, "to let me alone." This, as the ex- President of the Chamber of Com- merce justly observes, "is the best " thing the state can do either " for trade or industry." He hopes therefore that the present Parlia- ment will prove its superiority to its predecessors "by less mischievous " meddling with the lawful enterprise " of mercantile men." In that hope we fully share ; and if it has not the courage and sagacity to reverse the pernicious policy of the last five years, we have some grounds for believing that it will refuse to advance another step for- ward in the direction so foolishly taken in 1865\. Mr. Blackwood alludes in terms of commendation to the abandonment by the banks of their mutually injurious competition for deposits, and to the re- duction which has taken place in the maximum rate of interest thereon, indi- cating, while he does so, the obvious importance to all the interests of the colony of a cheap and abundant supply of capital. The arrival of the Cerberus, the ap- proaching completion of telegraphic com- munication with India and Europe, the prospect of a fortnightly mail service to England via Suez and San Francisco alternately, and the enterprise exhibited by the owners of the Queen of the Thames in testing the Cape route by so powerful a pioneer steamer, naturally find a place in the ex-President's ad- dress ; while the comprehensive report of the committee shows that our mer- cantile Parliament is fully alive to its duties and responsibilities, and is liberal of its advice and assistance to the Go- vernment on all questions of public policy, with respect to which the expe- rience and information of a body like the Chamber of Commerce are likely to be of special benefit to our lawgivers and administrators. The various sub-committees appear to Lave had plenty of subjects to occupy their attention, and the Chamber is to be congratulated upon numbering so many members capable and willing to under- take the discharge of onerous though honorary duties, by the fulfilment of which they contribute alike to the interests of the whole mercantile body and to the advantage of the general public. The subject of cheap railway con- struction is very important just now, and Ministers cannot be blamed if they devote a good deal of their time to its consideration. Yet the lengthened in- terview which the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Railways accorded yes- terday to a strangely mixed deputation on this subject was nothing better than a waste of valuable time. How was this deputation constituted, and what were its objects ? It consisted of Mr. Joseph Dyer, the local advocate of Fell's railway system, and a few miscellaneous persons whose adhesion to his cause remains to be explained. Mr, Zeal, a railway engineer of some standing, was a member of the deputation, but he did not approve of the scheme propounded by Mr. Dyer, while of another of its members, a contractor from New South Wales, it cannot be discovered that he had any higher object in view than to incite the Government to the prose- cution of new public works. As to the actual proposal which the deputation bad to submit, it was to the effect that the Government should place a sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose of constructing an experimental railway of two or three miles in length, on Fell's suspension principle, which sug- gestion Sir James M'Culloch cour- teously promised to take into considera- tion. Here the matter might be allowed to rest, since there is very little probability that it will ever be revived until Mr. Dyer gets up another bogus deputation to pester Ministers with it. The Fell railway system has its advantages, no doubt, but it cannot be made to fit into a national system of main trunk lines. For short or temporary lines, over an exceptionally difficult country, it may be excellent, but no one would ever think of making a long rail- way in the air when by a judicious selection of route a line can be con- structed almost as cheaply on the solid earth. But the merit of the Fell sys- tem is not our present topic. What we desire to comment upon is the impro- priety of transacting private agency business as if it were a matter of para- mount public importance. Mr. Dyer is quite right, as a tradesman, in press- ing the Fell railway project upon the attention of the public, if he thinks he can gain anything for himself or his principal by those means, but he is not justified in occupying the time of several Cabinet Ministers and several news- paper reporters for the best part of a day with his private affairs. Yet this is what he did yesterday, and we think the hon. the Chief Secretary somewhat overstretched the proper limits of official courtesy in listening to him, so pa- tiently. It was very properly put by the engineer-in-chief, that if Government were to experiment with the Fell system 50 other systems might demand similar recognition. But he would not have said too much if he had added that 50,000 inventors, sane or otherwise, would then have a claim, founded on precedent, on the Government of the colony—a claim that it should take up their pro- jects, and put them o the test of actual experiment. How inconvenient this would be we need not attempt to ex plain. There is always a considerable per-centage of every civilised community that has discovered perpetual motion, or stands in the position of agent for those who have, and if all these were privileged to demand that the state should take up their projects and carry them through, the state would have its hands pretty full. We hope the Government of the colony will exercise a little more prudence in future in granting audiences to private individuals, whether inventors or specu- lators, who have no other than private ends to subserve. It is of course highly desirable that the spirit of invention should be encouraged, and that the state should profit to the utmost possible extent by the scientific research and mechanical ingenuity of the people ; but all this might come about without such a waste of time as was occasioned yes- terday by Mr. Fell's agent and his companion deputies, and we hope that no similar farce will ever again be enacted. A Cabinet meeting was held yesterday, at which the provisions of an amending Land Bill were discussed at some length. The pro- position of Colonel Sankey, that Mr. Gordon, C.E., should be employed to carry out the recommendations he may make in his report on the waterworks scheme, was also taken into consideration, but no definite determi- nation was arrived at. After the Cabinet meeting, a meeting of the Executive Council was held at Toorak, at which the Chief Secre- tary and some other members of the Ministry were present. Mr. W. H. Wright was officially appointed sheriff, and Lieutenant Panter's commission as captain and senior naval officer in the Victorian service was signed. Some other matters of departmental routine were also attended to. We understand that a bill will be presented to Parliament, providing for pensions to the late President of the Legislative Council and the late Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. It is proposed that the pensions shall amount to two-thirds of the respective salaries for- merly drawn by the gentlemen in question. From the Fiji news received by telegram from Sydney, it will be seen that the report of the murder of Mr. Baillie by his partner Scott is unfortunately but too true. Mr. Baillie had a large number of friends in Melbourne, by whom his melancholy and cruel death will boe deeply regretted. From the details which appear elsewhere, it would appear that he must have been brutally murdered in his sleep, and that the assassin then decamped with all the valuables he could secure. Mr. Baillie leaves a wife and one daughter. His life was insured in the Australasian Life In- surance Company for £1,000, but after paying his debts it is not probable that more than £500 will be left for his family. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce held its annual meeting yesterday, adopted its annual report, listened to the retiring presi- dent's address, and installed its new office- bearers, including Mr. G. Stevenson, as presi- sident, and Mr. S. P. Lord, as vice-president. The report and address are reproduced at full length in this issue. The only new question raised was the propriety of at once extending the dimensions of the Alfred Graving Dock, and it has been promised that the subject shall be one of the first dealt with by the new committee. In the evening, the new and retiring office-bearers were entertained at dinner at Scott's Hotel by the retiring presi- sident, Mr. James Blackwood. Mr. John M'Farland has been appointed Crown prosecutor at the Beechworth Circuit Court, which commences on Saturday next. There are over 20 prisoners to be tried, the unusual number being caused by the break- down of the last General Sessions in that town. The first report of the Royal Commission on Intercolonial Legislation was presented to the Chief Secretary yesterday, by the chair- man, Mr. J. J. Casey, for transmission to His Excellency the Governor. In handing in the report, Mr. Casey explained that during the investigations of the Commission the subject of the laws relating to marriage, naturalisa- tion, patents, and copyright, had been brought prominently under their notice, but as their instructions did not extend to these questions, they had refrained from dealing with them. They considered it their duty, however, to point out to the Government the importance of having these subjects inquired into. Sir James M'Culloch said he was glad the matter had been mentioned, and he requested that the chairman of the Commission would communicate with the Government in writing on the subject. This is no doubt only preli- minary to enlarging the scope of the Commis- sion, so as to enable it to deal with the ques- tions referred to. The report of the Commis- sion will be found in the supplement to this day's Argus. An incorrect statement has gone abroad to the effect that Messrs. Styles, Murray, and Co., the accepted tenderers for the construc- tion of the second section of the North- Eastern Railway line, have made the trifling corrections in their calculations which were discovered in the egineer-in-chief's department. They have simply verbally agreed to the corrections, and their time for actually making them expires to-day. On Saturday next, the time within which they are to sign the contract and pay the deposit also expires. Their preliminary deposit was about £800, and their final de- posit is £15,000 and odd, or 5 per cent. upon £314,193 15s. 3d., the amount of the tender. If they should fail to meet their engagement, it is probable that the next lowest tenderer will be called on. In order at once to meet the complaints which have been made relative to the neglect of their duties by the census sub-enumerators, it will be seen from an advertisement in another column that the registrar-general offers a reward of 10s. to every head of a household who will prove that his household has been overlooked by the sub-enumerator of the district. Yesterday, a number of gentlemen, in- cluding Mr. Zeal, M.L.A, Mr. Joseph Dyer, Mr. Julius Lippman, Mr. C. Maplestone, and Mr. T. J. Fallon, of Albury, who have associated themselves together for tho pur- pose of promoting the railway system known as Fell's, which is based on the suspen- sion principle, had an interview with the Chief Secretary and Minister of Railways, with the object of inducing tho Go- vernment to take some steps toward the adoption of the plan in this colony. Two proposals were suggested, one being that the association should construct a short trial line at their own expense and risk, and, in the event of a successful issue of the experiment, that they should have the privilege of becom- ing tho contractors for a Government line on the suspension principle, or a modification of it. The other proposition was that the Go- vernment should cause a sum of money to be placed on the Estimates in order that the ex- periment might be tried by commencing a line to Gipps Land, or in some other direc- tion. The Chief Secretary, however, was not prepared to commit the Government so far as to assent to either proposal, but he promised that the system which the deputation had brought under his notice should be considered together with the other schemes for economising the cost of railway construction, and concurred in the opinion expressed by Mr. Zeal, that as soon as the Government had selected what appeared to be the best scheme, an experiment in cheap railways ought to be made. The Attorney General has given the fol- lowing opinion respecting the return to candidates at the late election of the £50 deposited to abide the result of the polling:—"l am of opinion that the words 'or other officer,' in the 147th section of the Electoral Act, 29th Vic., No. 279, include the returning officers. The returning officer per- forms the most important duties under the provisions of the act, and cannot be excluded from the operation of the words ' or other officer' without violating tlfe plain meaning of the language of thoe 147th section. I do not think that C. is entitled to a return of the balance of the £50 deposit remaining after payment of the expenses of the election. The balance should be paid in to the consolidated revenue, in conformity with the direction in that behalf contained in the 147th clause. The general direction in the commencement of that clause—' all moneys received by any registrar, or other officer, under the provisions of this act, shall be deemed to be received on account of, and be paid to, the consolidated revenue '—merely means, when read, as I think it should be, in connexion with the 84th section, that all moneys received shall, after compliance with the directions of such 84th section, be paid in to the revenue. The 84th section is clear and specific as to the may be returned ; but as no mention is any- where made as to the final destination of such a balance as that referred to in the case sub- mitted, I am unable to see how it can be diverted from the consolidated revenue. various circumstances under which deposits Such destination is, moreover, in accordance with the spirit of the provision in that be- half, which is evidently aimed against frivolous and vexatious opposition in Parlia- mentary elections.—ARCHD. MICHIE." This opinion is not generally acquiesced in, and there is some probability that the opinion of the Supreme Court will be taken upon it. The Criminal Sessions were continued yes- terday, but only two cases were tried. Ka Shing, a Chinese gardener, was charged with having four months ago stolen a watch be- longing to Mr. W. B. Bryson. Although the robbery took place four months ago, it was only within the last two weeks that the watch was found with the prisoner, who called a witness with the view of showing he had come honestly by it. The jury gave the prisoner the benefit of the doubt, and acquitted him. John R. Smith, John Coleman, and Richard Hughes were acquitted on a charge of burglary tit the Duke of Kent Hotel, but the two first named were convicted of receiving property stolen from the hotel. Smith, an old offender, was sentenced to four years' and Coleman to three years' hard labour. The trial of John Home, for murder at Godfrey's Creek, was postponed till Friday, as the prisoner wished to be tried by a mixed jury ; and that of Joseph Davis, for stealing gold, was also post- poned to the same day, for the convenience of counsel, Mr. George Gorman, the teacher of a com- mon school at Sandridge, was sued in the County Court yesterday by Isabella Diamond, on behalf of her son, Thomas Diamond, for £50 damages, for assaulting and beating young Diamond while he was at school under de- fendant's control. The action was somewhat peculiar in consequence of the cross swearing which took place amongst some of the wit- nesses. The plaintiff's case was, that while the boy Diamond was at school on the afternoon of the 25th January last, and when he happened to be at the upper end of one of the raised gal- leries or platforms used in schools, the de- fendant, for some trivial offence, fetched him down the gallery, and then bounced him on to a seat, by which violence an injury was done to his groin or hip that laid him up for a while, and necessitated his being attended by a doctor several times. The assault was sworn to by the brother of Diamond, who was at school at the time, and also by another boy named Blew, and the latter added that Diamond was so much injured that he was obliged to take him home from the school. It was shown, howover, that the boy Blew was of an indifferent character, and had been sent to the Government training-ship once for three years, on a charge of stealing a saddle, and once for assault. The defendant swore that the boy Blew was not at the school at the time, and that he had not been attending it for three or four months previously, in which statement he was fully borne out by two of his female assistants and several schoolboys. The defence to the charge of assault was that Diamond had been misbehaving himself, and had refused to come down the gallery when told to do so by an assistant-teacher, who appealed to the de- fendant, and the latter then fetched him down and set him on the lowest step of the gallery, but used no violence in doing so. Mr. Gorman's evidence in that respect was fully corroborated by his assistants and by boys who were in the school at the time, and the latter witnesses said that, so far from Diamond having to be carried home, he was playing about on the same afternoon when school was over. It was further shown that the boy had sustained a fall when he was playing leap- frog, and also that he had managed before the date named to get his leg fastened in an aperture at the end of the school gallery, from which aperture his leg had to be dragged out, and it was contended as pro- bable that the injury laid to the school- master's charge was owing to one or other of the incidents named. His Honour Judge Pohlman considered that the defendant was not chargeable with the assault alleged against him, and nonsuited the plaintiff. The preliminary inquiry by the Steam Navigation Board into the loss of the s.s. Barwon was finished yesterday, and charges of neglect of duty, founded on the informa- tion elicited, were drawn up against the cap- tain and second mate of the vessel—against the captain for not ascertaining the position more carefully off Cape Northumberland when he shaped his course for Cape Bridge- water ; and against the latter for not calling up the captain when be saw the fog, and at the same time easing the engines. The " official" inquiry in connexion with these charges will be proceeded with to-day. The steward, whose evidence was to have been taken yesterday, did not turn up in time, but doubtless he and other fresh witnesses will be examined to-day. None of the passengers are in Melbourne at present, it is said. The " preliminary" inquiry was rendered neces- sary because the Board had no information before them to enable them to decide whether the master and officers were chargeable with negligence A regular cloud of deputations settled upon the Department of Railways and Roads yes- terday, and the Commissioner and assistant commissioner of Roads and Bridges had a remarkably busy time of it. To save repetí- tion and prevent mistakes, we may state that the following members of Parliament attended in the interests of their various con- stituencies, viz., Mr. W. C. Smith, Mr. J. James, Mr. Riddell, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Riddle, and Mr, W. Clarke. The representatives of the following public bodies appeared as forming the various de- putations :—The Meredith Road Board, the Buninyong Shire Council, the Ballan Shire Council, the Bungaree Road Board, and the Buninyong Borough Council. The business done at the various interviews with the Commissioner is soon told. The Mere- dith Road Board and Buninyong Shire Council appeared in respect to a dispute between them as to the desired annexation by the former body (in ordor to enable the district to become a shire) of a portion of land now included in Buninyong Shire. There had been much petitioning and making of representations on both sides, and the Com- missioner now decided that affairs were so mixed and perplexed that the proceedings must be commenced de novo, and a scrutiny taken in accordance with the new act. A similar dispute between the Meredith Road Board and tho Ballan Shire Council was settled by the Commissioner deciding that the land in question should remain a portion of Ballan Shire. The Ballan Shire Council and the Bungaree Road Board appeared with peti- tions—that from the latter body asked that the territory known as No Man's Land should be annexed to Bungaree, and that from the former body prayed that it might be added the shire of Ballan. It was urged by the representatives of Bungaree that the Ballan petition was signed by persons, living outside No Man's Land, while those actually living in that place were anxious to be united to Bungaree. The Commissioner said he would have a scrutiny taken as early as pos- sible, at a place known as Biddle and Brown's Mill. Two members of the Ballan Shire Council asked for a road to be proclaimed from Myrniong to the main Blackwood road, and the Commissioner promised that one should be proclaimed from the junction of the Melbourne and Ballarat road as far as Greendale. The Buninyong Borough and Shire Councils asked for a road to be pro- claimed from Buninyong to Sebastopol, to join the Blackwood-road leading to Ballarat. The deputation urged that this road would be only two and three-quarter miles in length, and would connect two proclaimed roads, which in itself would be an advantage to the Government. The Commissioner stated that the matter should be at- tended to, and due inquiries made. At a later hour, the Hon. J. Macgregor, M.L.A., introduced a deputation from the M'lvor Shire Council. Mr. Wilson promised that another construction order in respect to the road from Heathcote to Kyne- ton should be issued, without prejudice to any other application from the shire council during the present year. Mr. Watkins, M.L.A., and a deputation from Diamond Creek, who were desirous of separation from Eltham Shire and annexation to Greens- borough, were promised that the cause of their complaints should be officially inves- tigated. A number of other requests were made to the Commissioner, but they touched upon matters of the minutest public in- terest. A sale of Crown lands was held yesterday at Messrs. P. Cohen and Co.'s rooms, Collins- street west. There was a large attendance of purchasers, and the tone of business generally was exceedingly brisk. The ground offered for sale consisted of town lots situate in Carlton and Woolamai. Those in Carlton were described as lying east and north-east of the stockade, in Church, Canning, Station, Freeman, Newry, and York streets, and in Drummond and Macpherson streets east of the cemetery. The lots at Woolamai are situate on the Bass River, in the parish of Woolamai. The last-named lots realised very little above the upset price, but those in Carlton excited a very keen competition. The ground east and north-east of the stockade was offered at an upset price of £300 per acre, but some of the lots were disposed of at a rate averaging over £1,500 per acre. The price put upon the land in Drummond and Macpherson streets was only £150 per acre, but some of the lots were run up to nearly £1,000 per acre before they were disposed of. The total proceeds of the sale amounted to £3,724, A case which was recently tried at the Sale Circuit Court is, on account of some novel features in it, deserving of notice. It came for- ward in the form of a charge of perjury against one William Halliday, but substantially the offence was a false claim made against the curator of intestate estates in respect to the estate of a deceased person named Sherwood. Halliday made a claim on the curator's agent for work done for Sherwood, and filled up the usual form of claim. It was afterwards found that the work in question had been paid for by Sherwood, and that a receipt in full had been given by Halliday. The defence was in all respects a technical one, the main point being, that signing the form of claim was not making a declaration under the act, and therefore that, even if the claim were false, the case did not amount to perjury. However, the Court overruled these objections, and in putting the charge to the jury as one of perjury, the Chief Justice pointed out that there were unavoidably many facilities for dishonest persons to make claims upon the estates of deceased persons in cases where there were no friends or relatives to take any particular interest in the pro- perty left by the deceased. So to prevent the perpetration of such frauds the law very wisely stepped in, and said that no person should receive payment on any such claims without signing a declaration that the de- ceased was indebted to him, which declara- tion, if falsely made, rendered the person malling it liable to punishment for perjury. The jury retired, and ultimately brought in a verdict of guilty, recommending the prisoner to mercy on account of his ignorance. Whether the jury meant ignorance that to get money on a false statement was a wrong, or ignorance that it was a wrong for which the law provided a punishment, did not appear. The Chief Justice awarded a sen- tence of two years' imprisonment. The exhibition of cheese, butter, and hams and bacon, in the annexe of the Exhibition building in Latrobe-street, was continued during yesterday. There was a fair but not large attendance of the public. The Nelson juvenile band performed during the after- noon. We might add to our report of yester- day that a very general expression of com- mendation has been made in respect to the hams and bacon of Mr. S. Henderson, of Victoria-street, West Melbourne, which were sent in too late for competition. The judges admit having doubts about their award of the first prize, but have none about the supe- riority of the excluded exhibits, to which there was not even an opportunity allowed of giving " honourable mention." In the absence of any business at the bazaar yesterday, a match was got up between the steeplechaser Rake and a well-known cross- country mare named Maude, for £40, at catch weights. The match came off at the Caul- field Steeplechase Course yesterday afternoon, the distance being about one mile and three- quarters. Harding rode the Rake, and Liersch was on the mare. The betting was slightly in favour of Maude, who made the running all the way, and won easily. Another match was then made, on the same terms as to weight and dis- tance, between Maude and Bushranger, the owner of the former betting 20 to 10. Watkins rode Bushranger, and led until reaching the last fence but one, when he fell ; and Mr. Glennister, who had been riding a waiting race, cantered in a winner. Although the affair was but little known, there was a good muster of sporting men present. The running at the Homebush meeting on Easter Monday has not given a good line by which to pick the probable winners at the approaching Randwick meeting, The Trial Stakes brought out a lot of fair enough youngsters, but nothing fit to cope with either Beatrice or Javelin, or, if report speaks truly, with Hamlet. There were several horses engaged in the Sydney Cup running in the Homebush Cup, but none of them was able to live with the Spy. Juanita only secured fifth place, but then she carries 1st. 2lb. less at Randwick. The running of Farmers' Daughter in the Prince of Wales' Stakes gave great dissatisfaction. The mare was con- sidered a certainty, and had been very freely backed at evens against the field. However, either from bad riding, or some other cause, she was kept back, and lost the race by a neck. An inquiry was made into the matter by the stewards, but as they had not sufficient evidence before them to give any decision, a verdict somewhat re- sembling "Not proven," was given. The weights for the Randwick Handicaps do not seem to have been concocted with a view of favouring the Melbourne horses. The rumour that Florence has gone wrong is again cur- rent, and her price is now at about 3½ to 1. It was rumoured that she had even receded to still longer odds. Australian horsos seem to keep up their characters as winners in India and the East. At the Hong Kong Races, which took place on the 1st March, the best prizes were carried off by two Australian-bred horses. North Australian, a horse hailing from Queensland, who was once a starter for our Melbourne Cup, won the Portuguese Cup, a mile and a quarter, the first day, carrying 11st. The second day he won the Challenge Cup, two miles, value 500 guineas, carrying 10st. 11lb. ; and on the third day he ran second to Birmingham, another Australian horse in the Fakei Cup. North Australian is in the care of Mr. R. Mitchell, who was well known in Victoria as a success- ful trainer of racehorses. Birmingham won the Hong Kong Cup, one mile and a half, carrying 10st. 4lb., value £100, and the Fakei Cup, two miles and a half, carrying 11st. North Australian carried 12st. 71b. in this race. A life-size photograph, in carbon, of the late Charles Dickens, which has been sent out from England to Mr. G. W. Rusden, as a present by Mr, Charles Dickens, jun., may be seen at the photographic rooms of Messrs. Mayall and Sons, Collins-street, where some damage to the frame is being repaired. These carbon prints, which resemble some of the life-size photographs recently produced by the Messrs. Mayall here, are distinguished by their extraordinary delicacy and beauty, and possess the very important quality of certain permanence. A meeting of brickmakers and residents of Hawthorn was held last night, at the Red Lion Hotel, Hawthorn, at which about 80 persons were present, and resolutions were carried disapproving of a bye-law which Coun- cillor Lawes is about to propose in the borough council, having for its object the prevention of the erection of any new brickkilns in Haw- thorn within 150 yards of any dwelling. A "Presbyterian Association," on a wide basis, for the encouragement of the work of mental and spiritual improvement among its own membership and in the community gene- rally, was formed at a meeting held at the Assembly-hall last evening. Dr. Cairns was elected president for six months ; a secretary and treasurer were appointed, and the per- fecting of other arrangements was left over until a meeting to be held on Monday next. A meeting of the Presbytery of Melbourne was held yesterday, for the purpose of a con- ference on the state of religion in the colony. The Rev. P. S. Menzies read a paper on the subject, and a discussion followed ; but as the presbytery determined that the proceedings should not be open to the press, no report of the debate can be supplied. A meeting of the committee of the Mel- bourne Anglers' Protective Society was held yesterday at the office of the Acclimatisation Society, 30 Swanston- street, Mr. B. Way- mouth in the chair. The question of con- solidating the Fisheries Act Amendment Bill with the new game bill, now being amended by the Acclimatisation Society, was con- sidered, and it was resolved to appoint a sub- committee of the society to attend to the matter. The hon. secretary stated that a quantity of English perch had been received from Mr. Morton Allport, of Hobart Town, which had been placed in the Upper Yarra, and that a further supply were expected. A vote of thanks was carried to the last-named gentleman, also to Mr. John Buckland, of Hobart Town, for sending the same, and to the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company for kindly shipping the tanks gratuitously. A letter was read from the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company, offering to assist the society by carrying the tanks, with the view of introducing the Gipps Land perch when the lakes are again open for traffic. The following gentlemen were elected members, viz.—Messrs. G. Coppin, E. M. James, C. Tattem, E. W. Lightfoot, J. T. Davies, R. A. Sutherland, J. A. Crane, and Dr. Plum- mer, and the meeting closed. The usual weekly meeting of the Managing Committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday. There were present—Messrs. H. J. Hart (in the chair), Gillbee, Harker, Fenton, H. Levy, Phillips, Knaggs, Sturt, James, Gibbs, and Aarons. The secretary reported the state of the hospital to be as follows :—Admitted in patients, 75; new cases out patients, 251 ; do. casualties, 204, Total for the week, 630. Deaths, 16: dis- charges, 73. Number of patients in the hospi- tal, 361. A letter was received from Mr. Thos. Croll offering to give a ball at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Pentridge, half the proceeds of which should be given to the funds of the hospital free of charge. The offer was declined. The committee adopted the re- commendation of the medical staff ; that no resident dressers be appointed, and that students eligible for being dressers be appointed in rotation, one to each surgeon; and that the future appointments be determined when students are more numerous. The application of seven medical students to be appointed dressers was not therefore enter- tained. The secretary reported having re- ceived the sum of £124 18s. 1d. from the Rev. Father Barry, being the proceeds of a collec- tion at St. Francis's Church, on Good Friday night ; also, £27 10s. 5d. from the Rev. Father O'Meara, being a collection made at St. Patrick's Cathedral the same evening. The application of Mr. Fitzgerald for a change of hours of attendance at the hospital was referred to a conference between that gentle- man and the Drug Committee, to ascertain if the proposed change could be made without inconvenience. The prisoner George Nixon, who escaped from the Melbourne Gaol on Saturday and was re-arrested on Monday evening, was taken before the City Bench yesterday, charged, under the 17th section of the Gaol Statute, with prison-breaking, and was re- manded for seven days. It has not been decided whether the two men who attempted but failed to escape along with Nixon will be brought from gaol on habeas, and, with Nixon, be committed for trial under the 17th section, which allows a maximum of five years' im- prisonment for prison-breaking, or whether they will be dealt with in the gaol by the visiting justice under another section, which provides a maximum of two years' imprison- ment, with six months in irons. It is con- sidered that six months in irons constitute a greater punishment than two or three years of ordinary incarceration. The case of Greenslade v. Greenslade, in which the defendant, a fruiterer, was sum- moned for maintenance by his wife, came before the City Bench again yesterday, having been adjourned in consequence of the altercation between Mr. M'Kean and Mr. Read, who on the previous day appeared in this case. The defendant was unrepre- sented yesterday, Mr. M'Kean failing to appear, and the defendant came into court late, and only remained a few minutes, when he went in search of his solicitor. Mrs. Greenslade gave evidence that previous orders had been made against her husband, who had not fully complied with them, and that he had left her and her six children without means of support, though she said he was well able to maintain them, having proporty in Richmond, and machinery for making con- fectionery. She said he had frequently ill- treated her, and had once kicked her boy, about four years old, and that he had de- clared his determination to ruin her. Evidence had been given on the previous day that a per- son named Dodge had bought the fruit-selling business of the defendant, who was conse- quently not able to pay much, but Mr. Read said that this looked very like a veritable dodge, to make it appear that he had parted with the business, Mrs. Greenslade having stated that the defendant had made an apparent sale of the business on a previous occasion. The Bench said that it was the most heartless case of deser- tion of a wife and children that had ever come under their notice, and the defendant was therefore ordered to find two sureties in £50 each that he would pay his wife £2 10s- per week for 12 months. The order would have been, Mr. Sturt remarked, increased but for it having been deposed that the defendant had parted with his business, and was, there- fore, unable probably to pay a larger amount per week. The defendant was absent when the order was made. A respectable-looking woman named Sarah Foggan was charged at the City Court yester- day with threatening to stab her husband with a carving-knife. She had previously been brought up some months ago on a charge of smashing windows belonging to a clergyman, who had insisted, she said, in forcing his views upon her, and in some way this seemed to have led to bad feeling between her and her husband, though the latter said she had led him a miserable life for years. He said he kept a billiard-room, which necessitated his being out till about 1 o'clock in the morning, and on rising from bed he was glad to swallow his breakfast, if any were prepared, and escape out of the house without getting his raiment rent. The wife called her two daughters, one of whom said that her mother did not threaten to use the carving- knife, while the other said that the disagree- ment between her parents was not the fault of the mother. Mr. Sturt, P.M., lectured both on the advisability of living amicably together ; and in dismissing the case, warned the woman that if she were brought before him again he would require her to find heavy sureties that she would keep the peace. A young woman named Helen Kerfood, describing herself as a widow, yesterday at the City Court charged a respectable-looking young man, named Thomas Moner, with stealing 15s. from her house during her ab- sence. Under cross-examination, however, she manifested such an unwillingness to answer questions as to the previous terms upon which she had known the young man, and showed generally such a feeling, that the Bench apparently concurred with the defence put forth, that the accusation had its motive in spite, caused by jealousy, and dismissed the case, without any one but the prosocutrix having given evidence. The man William Chalcraft, who was ad- mitted to the hospital on Monday afternoon, suffering from severe internal injuries, acci- dentally caused at Williamstown, died soon after admission. An inquest will be held. At about 7 o'clock yesterday evening a fire occurred in a small three-roomed wooden building occupied by Chas. Carpenter, near the Boundary Hotel, Sandridge-road, Eme- rald-hill. The local and Sandridge firemen were soon in attendance, and also a detach- ment from Melbourne, but before the flames could be got under the houses on either side were damaged to some extent. The dwelling, which belonged to E. J. Shimell, and was insured in the National office for £100, was destroyed. The furniture and other effects, which were not insured, were also destroyed. Mrs. Carpenter had a short time before placed some window curtains before the fire to air, and on return- ing from one of the other rooms, found the place in flames. At about half-past 10 a fire was also discovered in the office of Mr. Rankin, at the corner of Bond and Flinders streets, Melbourne, but the fire brigade arrived in a short time, and bursting open the place, extinguished the fire before much damage was done. The origin of the fire is unknown. The case of Humphrey v. Kelly, mainte- nance of an illegitimate child, was decided in the District Court yesterday, the Bench dis- missing the case, as they thought the child had sufficient means of support. It will be remembered that Miss Humphrey was awarded £1,000 damages for breach of pro- mise of marriage by Kelly. A man named Richard Smith, who was paid off on Monday after a voyage on board the turret-ship Cerberus, went to town the same day, was picked up by a woman, and taken into a house and robbed of £16, which formed nearly the whole amount he had been paid. Margaret Jenkins, Annie Brown, and John Ferguson, not at all enticing looking people, were charged at the City Court yester- day with committing the robbery, and were re- manded till Thursday. The prosecutor seemed still slightly slow of comprehension, and seemed to look upon it as a compliment when Inspector Kabat observed that if he were as smart a sailor as he was a witness, it was lucky for the ship that he had been paid off. Mr. Sturt, P.M., remarked on the foolishness of carrying the money about with him, when he could have put it in the Savings Bank. The supplementary electoral lists for the Melbourne district were submitted to the Revision Court at the City Court buildings yesterday. Nothing worthy of record tran- spired. Some alteration in the law by which the Crown has to pay the expense of conveying prisoners arrested under a fraud summons for debt to the place of incarceration seems to be necessary when a debt of £4 can cost the country three times that amount. A young man against whom a fraud summons for £4 had been issued at Jamieson came under the notice of the City Bench yesterday, and it was stated that the man, who was to undergo 14 days' imprisonment in Jamieson gaol in consequence of not having paid the money, would have to be forwarded to Jamieson by the Crown at an expense of £12 or £13. It has been suggested that the remedy would be to make the creditor pay the travelling ex- penses. An inquest was held yesterday on the corpse of the young man William Craig, who took poison because he thought a woman with whom he lived, named Ellen Bateman, was about to leave him, and the jury found that he committed felo de se, by taking strychnine while of sound mind. The conduct of a witness named Henry Haydock at the District Court yesterday caused his committal for contempt of court. Haydock summoned Henry Litton and his wife for compensation for injury done to him by the woman in biting his arm, and he stated that he had purchased a wood-yard, &c.;, from the defendant, and went to get pos- session of it and to nail up an entrance into defendant's premises, when the woman Litton ran out and bit him in the hand. In cross-examination by Mr. F. Stephen, he, however, prevaricated so much in regard to the purchase of the wood-yard that Mr. Call, P.M., committed him to prison for 24 hours and dismissed the case, remarking that there seemed to be a conspiracy between the com- plainant and the woman's drunken husband to fritter away in drink what should go to support the woman and her two chil- dren. By some mistake all our Ballarat parcels, which should have come to hand by the even- ing train last night, were left behind. We are, therefore, without our usual correspond- ent's letter. Another correspondent, writing of the desecration of the graves in the cemetery by the advertising cards of ornamental gar- deners, to which reference was made yester- day, says there can be little wonder that the gardeners try to push their business since the stonecutters have so long been permitted the privilege. There is, he says, hardly a tomb- stone without the name and address of the dealer in these melancholy momorials conspi- cuously carved upon it, in somoe instances in letters nearly as large as those composing the inscription itself. Our correspondent says he has no objection to a real sculptor putting his name on the pedestal of a real statue, but as nearly all the monumental work in the cemetery is the work of the artisan, not of the artist, and, moreover, as the names on the pedestal or plinth are not even the names of the artisans, but only of the employers of the artisans, this cutting of the name and address in stone and marble is simply an advertisement. It only remains, he says, for the undertakers and the advertising medical men to attach their cards or brass plates to the graves of their customers and patients, and the cemetery, as an advertising medium, will be complete. A proud father has called at this office to inform us that his wife has been confined of triplets, a circumstance which he deems worthy of public notice. On the principle of giving honour where it is due, it is right to mention that the mother is the wife of William Newman, plasterer. She was prematurely confined of three boys on the 17th inst., who died within 24 hours after birth. The Kyneton Observer prefers a curious complaint. It seems that the census enume- rator for the district has refused to give our impatient contemporary a summary of the local census returns for publication. "This," thinks the Observer, "is carrying secrecy too far." A "musical entertainment" was given to Mr. C. E. Jones, in the Alfred-hall, Ballarat, on Monday night, in the course of which he was presented with a testimonial, consisting of a purse containing 180 sovereigns. We ob- serve that, of the 2,000 persons present, the greater proportion was ladies ! The length of the sermons and service in the Church of England seems to have pro- voked a spirit of resistance at Albury as well as amongst sufferers nearer Melbourne. The Albury Banner reports;—" At the annual vestry meeting of St. Matthew's Church, a subject was broached which deserves a wide consideration. Mr. Thorold, one of the Albury solicitors, spoke on the inconvenient length of the morning service, and of the difficulty which domestic servants and others expe- rience in attending it. The morning service as now used was a mixture of three or four separate orders of prayers, and the result was a service of almost tedious length, with vain repetitions—such as the Lord's Prayer five times over. Some such move- ment as had been initiated in Tas- mania was wanted here to shorten and simplify the service, and he (the speaker) thought that the idea only wanted to be set on foot to meet with very wide support. He proposed that a suitable division of the pre- sent complex service could be made by read- ing the order for morning prayer, say at 8 o'clock on Sunday mornings—that is, the order of such prayers according to the rubric, and without any sermon. There was no innova- tion in this redistribution of the service ; it was already adopted in very many churches in the old country, and was, he believed, the practice in all the English cathedrals. With regard to the length of the sermons, he would take the liberty of reminding clergymen in general of a deliverance once made by Baron Alderson, who said that ' a sermon should last 20 minutes—with a leaning to the side of mercy.' If the proposed alteration in the services were made, the convenience of the domestic arrangements of members of the church would be met, and the servants, for instance, could all go to church at either one or the other of the services. The vicar, the Rev. D. E. Jones, agreed with the speaker as to the undesirable length of the morning service, but remarked that, without the authority of the bishop, he could not adopt such a rearrangement of the service as that proposed." In regard to the Bendigo Hospital poisoning case, the Advertiser reports:—" A special meeting of the hospital committee, convened at the instance of the hospital surgeon, was held on Monday evening, to consider the circumstances connected with the accidental poisoning of the patient, Mrs. Moran, by car- bolic acid. There was a full meeting, 10 members being present. Dr. Macgillivray explained the circumstances of the case as fully detailed in the report of the inquest. The apprentice dispenser Bar- ker was examined at considerable length, and also Buckler, the wardsman. The result of the inquiry was that both were severely reprimanded. It was resolved, in order to prevent any similar occurrence for the future, that all bottles containing poison should be fluted, and labelled with coloured labels, and Dr. Penfold, the dispenser, was instructed that he should examine all pre- scriptions and see that they were properly dis- pensed. The meeting then adjourned." A lamentable casualty, with fatal result, is reported to have happened on the 28th March at Wardell, Richmond River. The victim was Captain J. Copland, of the brigan- tine Look Out. The facts are stated in the evidence of the mate, given during a magis- terial inquiry, and appearing in the Express of the 7th instant. He says:—"We left Sydney on the 15th, and arrived at Ballina on the 17th. We proceeded up the river on the 21st, arriving at Wardell on the same day. We commenced loading timber on the 24th, and continued up to the 28th March ; we were putting the last log but one in the hold. We lowered it down into the hold. It was rather a tight fit. The captain said, "Get a ram on it." We hove the log up and got a ram on it, running it two or three times. The captain was in the hold at the time giving orders. I asked him to come up, seeing that he was in a dangerous position. We gave the log another ram, and it flew up jamming the captain between the deck and the beams, killing him instantanoously. He never spoke afterwards. We then lowered the other end of the log down and released the captain, bringing him on deck dead. Previous to the accident the captain said, " Give it another good ram." One end of the log was resting on the combings, and the men were all on deck ramming the log into its place. The log was hung in the slings with the "dogs" at the end nearest to the captain. The log weighed about one and a half tons, the heavy end resting on the combings ; the other end in slipping acted as a lever, crush- ing the captain in the hold. The deceased must have been resting on the log. The de- ceased for many years traded between this port and Melbourne, and was much re- spected. He was a native of Dumfries, Scot- land." The Sydney Morning Herald of April 14 gives the following particulars of the late melancholy case of accidental shooting re- ported by telegraph:—"A little girl, aged about 12years, named Kate Jenkins, daughter of the late Dr. Jenkins, of this city, a boy named William Chapman, a relative of Mr. M. Chapman, J.P., mayor, and other children, were at a party at Mr. Chap- man's house, on the Pyrmont Bridge road, Glebe, about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon. While the children were at play, the boy Chapman, in a sportive mood, it is stated, took up a gun which lay in a room in which the children were, and, not knowing it to be loaded, presented it at the girl Jenkins. The gun went off, and the con- tents passed through the poor girl's head, causing instantaneous death. The melan- choly occurrence has cast a deep gloom over the neighbourhood." At the inquest held on the following day " the jury found that the deceased died from the effects of a gun- shot wound accidentally received. The coroner intimated to the lad Chapman (who appeared to be deeply affected) that he was exonerated from all blame in connexion with the un- happy affair." Only two cases were tried at the Geelong Circuit Court yesterday, although it was 7 p.m. when the court rose. A man named Whiting, of Queenscliff, was convicted of wounding a brother fisherman in the arm with a sailor's knife. The matter occurred in a scuffle. The prisoner was sentenced to be imprisoned for six weoks, and then to enter into his own recognisance to keep the peace for 12 months. At 11 o'clock, the trial of John Ponsford, for rape on a girl nine years old, was commenced. The particulars were of a revolting character, and the evidence tended to show that the prisoner, a man of between 50 and 60 years, and the father of a family, had induced the prosecutrix and a number of other little girls to frequent his carpenter's-shop, and there he had tampered with several of them. He was convicted of the attempt, and was remanded for sentence. There are other prisoners still remaining to be tried. The Philharmonic Society have obtained the use of the Town-hall for the first night it is to be opened after the completion of the new decorations, and will then give their first subscription concert for this year. The performance is to consist of Mendelssohn's great oratorio, " Elijah, " and the principal vocalists are to be Madame Fanny Simonsen, Mrs. Cutter, and Messrs. Armes Beaumont and Rainford. The chorus has boen consi- derably increased, and the band is to be perfect in all parts. Judging from the success that attended the last performance of this very popular work by the society, the com- bination of talent now secured, and the attrac- tions of the hall itself, ought to secure a crowded attendance. The concert has been fixed for Thursday, the 11th of May, and subscribers' tickets will very shortly be issued. Our attention has been directed to an alteration in the system of issuing these tickets. It has hitherto been the custom to send a ticket for each concert, available only for that evening, a few days before the per- formance takes place. To meet a generally expressed wish, the committee now intend to send each subscriber of one guinea five tickets, which can either be used, one for each concert, or the whole or part for any one concert. The opera of "Satanella" was repeated at the Princess's last night to a good house. The opera was very well received, Madame Simonsen and Messrs. Farley and Beaumont being repeatedly applauded, the latter re- sponding to the enthusiastic encore of the song, " The glorious vintage of Champagne.'' The slave-market scene went very well, but the audience would be much better pleased if the Vizier's page would reserve his antics till the action of the piece would permit them without interrupting the principal singers. Mr. Heller's amusing and puzzling enter- tainment at St. George's Hall maintains its well-deserved popularity. The feats of con- juring and pianoforte playing by Mr. Heller are nightly received with great applause, while the second-sight of Miss Haidee Heller continues to be as mysterious as ever. Weston's entertainment at the Haymarket Theatre is scarcely so well patronised as it deserves to be, but those who visit this place of entertainment never go away dissatisfied with their evening's amusement. Mr. Arthur Romer's ballads are very pleasingly sung, though he takes the time of almost all of them too slowly. Messrs. Holly and Buckley are as amusing as ever in their comicalities, and if their songs are not very new, in the break- down dances which accompany them they show great fertility of resource and execute almost impossible contortions of body and limbs. "The Four O'Clock Train," in which the time- houred ghost is re-produced, excites roars of laughter at each representation. The " busi- ness" is capitally done by Cowan and Weston. In the concluding farce, "Un Ballo," all the members of the company appear, but the burden of the piece is sustained by Cowan, who makes it exceedingly amusing. We have received from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch a pamphlet on The South African Diamond-fields, and How to Reach Them. 