TURF GOSSIP. The betting market is extremely quiet Settling over the Ballar&t; Steeplechases oc cupied bookmakers on Monday forenoon, and there was also a fair attendance at the rooms in the evening. From all accounts, the trip to Dowling Forest was not very remunerative to the ring, and most of them had balances on the wrong side of their books. During their stay at Ballarat, however, several of them did a fair business on the Rand wick events, theprincipal transactions being quoted in the report of the meetiug last week. Since then, betting has been chiefly confined to doubles on the Australian St Lager and Sydney Gold Cup, a few long shots also being booked about the Sydney Metrop. and Mel bourne Cap, next spring. A good deal of anxiety was manifested during the earlier part of.the week as to Florence, but on Thursday morning her backers were put out of their misery by a telegram from Sydney stating that she had been scratched." Lady Clifden, on her retirement, advanced to the position of first favourite, and* 3 to 2 can now hardly be got about her; Challenger has also advanced to 5 to 2. Areyle is again nibbled at in the double, and we saw a telegram from a pretty knowing source a few days ago, "Back Argyle and Blaithwaite for the double." The formidable look Blaithwaite has assumed in the market for the Cop at 5 to L has driven his stable companion, Little Dick, to € and 7 to 1 against him. The Duke remains firm at 6 to L Tim Wfaiffler has a strong party at bis back who take 7 to 1, and he has been selected in many doubles. Romula's friends are getting uncommonly sweet. She is now first favourite at4tol;otolto any amount is wanted. She is reported " never so well," and "going like a bird." Her owner offers to back her against anything and everything. If she be really well on the day, she is bound to make it very hot for the best of them. The Pearl has also been anxiously inquired after, and his price cannot now be quoted as less than 10 to L Mermaid is also at same figure, and A1 at 12 to L With the excep tion of Juauita at 10 to 1, and who is a good deal thought of in some quarters, there is no alteration to report in any of the other horses for the Gup, and none of the other events cbming off at Randwick are yet talked about with the exception of the Champagne, for which 6 to 4 is wanted about Beatrice. Mr. Goyder had a large attendance at the Bazaar on Monday, the attraction being the sale of Dr. L. L. Smith's stud. With the exception of Lady Manners Sntton and her foal, that have been rusticating lately at Maribyrhong, and were looking fresh and well, with a few of the horses In training, the lot had a very bushified appearance, and were. In no condition for public auction. Mr. Goyder commenced with Melancholy Jaques, who was pat np at 30 guineas, and After some languid bid ding was knocked down for 52 guineas. Lady .Manners Sutton, with her foal, was then led into the ring, both looking the pic ture of health, the youngster being by Mari byrnong, and her ladyship in foal to Fire works, So good a performer, with such good looks, and with such a fine sample at her side of her abilities as a mother, was not long in eliciting a bid. First, 100 guineas, and then 200guineas, when she Was quickly run np to 400 guineas, the hammer falling to Mr. Potty's nod, Mr. Joe Thompson and Mr. Chas Fisher ^elng his principal opponents. The three-vear-bld colt Doubtful. by Panic, only brought 46 guineas; Laviuia Stratton, 40 guineas; Freetrader, fired. stid looking very poor, 83 guineas: 'Prentioe Boy, 40 guineas; andTrue Blue, sister to Norma; and the pic ture of starvation/SO guineas ItnB br60d mare Jewess, with yeariine at foot, and in foal to Angler, 40guinea8; Young Fair Ellen, in foal to Maribyraong, 80 guineas; Lancashire Lass, wttt 'to the Witch of that ilk. and in foal to Fireworks, SI guineas; and Monsieur LeBean, 31gnineas. The others were dis posed ufor bought in, aft equally lowprioe*. \- the lofcoi lOfeauaiig between £900and £1,000. With, tho exception of the price given for Lady Manners Sutton, the sale was not con sidered aatufactory. Mr. Smith's training establishment, near Fiemington, was also submitted^ to amotion, but rbought in for £390. itU \ii «}»:■?■? k "''M The Ballaret Autumn Steeplechases at tracted draft a poor attendance, there being only about acouple of t onpuia people on ■ a {.'iil'ifa 6XJ0 SijJVJ.lf l.iK vk' ground. There were, nevertheless, a good many ladies present pn.the, Jawn, .and the Melbourne division was- w$Q represented in the paddock. There was- considerable in terest taken in the jumping events by those present, but speculation was limited owing to the equivocal position several of the favour ites were placed in by the operations of their owners in the market. The Coldness of the weather and the threatening aspect of the morhing clouds tended in a measure to keep People at home. Besides, Ballarat is no longer the Ballarat oI old,for there is a great falling, off in the sporting element nnder the veran dah ; dividends have taken-flight to Bendigo, and where the honey is the busy bee is sate to follow. The backers of horses commenced badly, as they got a " facer" by the scratching of Fair Nell for the Hurdle Race. Poor Nell, m the most unaccountable manner possible, had spent "a bad night" She broke down at Geelong, but came to life shortly after wards at Kyneton, and now she goes off into hysterics or some other ailment just at the very time the public ezpect her to be "all there." " Such is life, dear boy." Place not your faith in princes, nor in Fair Nells, nor in Hotspurs, nor in anything that is "hot," for this latter chesnnt lately has been run ning for the peculiar edification of Mr. Barnard as a puzzle, but he is, like Mrs. York, all there when wonted." as was dearly de monstrated at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting ; his rider on this occasion, Mr. Phail, failed, however, most signally in getting his horse anywhere near the front Yorkshireman wa9 all the rage in the paddock, but his owner com mitted a mistake for once in his life, as he could not get up steam enough for Lady Don, who cut out her own running and won in a canter, even the doubtful "spuds" got second place. The Steeplechase was well contested, and those who were led to believe that "Yorkey and Reindeer" was "a real good thing" were sadly disappointed at the condition of the latter, and ne never had the ghost of a show with his 12st 101b., and The Monk—reported short of work, but who, when seen, was backed for a good deal of money at the start—won easily, being uncommonly well handled -by Simpson. Amabilis led them a dance to a merry tune till within three quarters of a mile from home, but here he had enough, getting third place, however, without making a mistake, Launcelot rolling w second, under that able general across country, Harding. Sir William Don lost the trot through twice trying to "cut it," as Princess, who had only 950 yards start of qim, beat him by about 50 yards. Sham rock upset the Touchit pot in the Selling Flat Race, and Stafford gave Sammy Davis a cross bnttock on to the grass. Mr. Brown again "collared" in the Selling Hurdle Race with his speedy, but heartless Dolo, the gilt of the gingerbread, however, being taken off by the auctioneer in each race. The ever lasting Blueskin, with his tail curled up to his loins as usual, just won the Selling -Steeplechase by the skin ot his teeth, for Harding made it precious hot for him on Launcelot, who was pulled out a second time—almost cruelty to animals after his game endeavour the earlier part of the day. Ballan is going ahead in the sporting world. At their yearly meeting, which took place on the 4th mst, there was a large attendance from all parts of the shire, and the racing, if not closely contested, was rendered exciting owing to the large fields of horses that toea the scratch in each event. If the sporting proclivities of the district go on increasing, and the club receives sticb patronage both from the owners of horses and the public as was bestowed at the late meeting, the stewards will require to be up and doing, for their course is in but a very primitive state, and will require a deal done to it before it can be made fit for racing purposes. It is perfectly flat, and so thickly timbered that no view of the racing can be obtained except in the immediate vicinity of the spectators. There is no stand, but we hear that the erection of one is in contemplation. The stakes are not large, bat there seem to he the right men in the right place, for the entry fees are extremely moderate, being but 10s. in most instances, and .no qualification is charged; hence, the large fields of horses as compared to other country meetings in the vicinity. There is one noticeable feature in the Ballan programme, as it differs from others of its kind, viz., the Forced Handicap, which is for all horses entered at the meeting and not for winners only. In this instance it proved a great success, and was the best race of the day. Hardleracers as well as flat racers were obliged to subscribe, which, con sidering the quality of some of them, and the difficulty of bring them np to the standard of the latter class In the handicap, ought to have been exempt. The Maiden Plate was contested for by 15 homes, and was won 1>y Mr. Mitchell's br g Tim, by several engths, but as Tim' had won a race somewhere else, and the stewards decided that if the owner of the second hone, Olympia, late Miss Lee, oould prove that the races somewhere else" were advertised, he should get the stakes. Nine homes owned and ridden by residents within the shire started for the Shire Plate, which Mr. Duncan secured with bis bay gelding Pedro, by 10 lengths. Mr. Fitzgerald^ horse Pasha broke his leg in this race, and had to be shot The principal event was the Trustees' Handi cap of 30 so vs., two miles, for which eight horses weighed out Great complaints were made as to the Handicap, and, we must say not without reason. The race was all between Saladin and Patience who fought their Bacchus Marsh battle over again, Mr. Crook again defeating Mr. Harper byalength. Ten horses wentout for the HurdleRaoe which was well contested between Mr. Ryan's Alfred, ridden by Mr. Ocock, and Skylark and Scud ; both owner and rider of the winner being Stewards, gave great delight to the locals. Sixteen hones started for the Foroed Handi cap, but Solidin's condition and quality proved too much for thelok as he came in first by a length, carrying lOst 81b. Waterwitch 7st 5lb. being second, and Chieftain, formerly well known as Waldock's, flst 41b., third. Delhi won the Consolation Stakes, beating six others, and Mr. Clarke's Topper the Horry Scurry. Racing at Smeaton seems to be on the wane: the annual nice meeting, which took place on the 6th inst, attracted very Uttle attention, them being only about 200 persons on the ground, and bat few raoehoraes present to compete for the several events in the pro gramme. . La Blonde^ late Miss Lucy, won the Maiden^Plate, beating five others. The HnrdleRaoe was next thing to a walk- over for the old racer Huntsman, as Us op ponent, Olympia, only started to save the stake. The Smeaton Handicap brought four to the post Panmure, 7at; Boomerang, 881.81b.; Doctor, 7st. 121b.; and La Blonde, 6sh Panplure won easily by two lengths Five started for the Amateur Walter Heats, to be ridden by gentlemen that bad never won a race. Teddington, ridden by Mr Walters, won both heats. A hack race wound up amostuninteresting dayVi spott. Some time ago.as Mr, George Watson's " ' «se horse Union wai belng led across ;e over the Yarra Ya^folls, a milk -... - "t>Pg tft ona WilliamSykes ran into a^Ute abaft gping iatewi.be&rt;, Union died there and then. At the County Court last week Mr. Watson sued the said Sykes for £260, value of his horse, but the defendant proved to the satisfaction of Judge Polhmau that his driver was not to blame, as the acci dent was caused by the restiveness of Union and the bad management of the boy who had him in charge ; the plaintiff was therefore nonsuited. There is great doubt in the minds of sporting men as to the length of the two mue over Homebush, or tne accuracy of the Sydney watches. The Homebush Cup was rnn, say they, in 3m. 35s., the quickest time on record, over what is Baid to be a heavy course, with two bridges to cross, and a bill like a mountain to climb. This is rather too much of a good thing. If true, what are we coming to? "I'll lay against The Spy for the Metropolitan and Melbourne Cnp," the bookmakers keep bawling, hut backers of horses are sceptical, and they want to know something more before they 1 put it on such a clipper. The time of the Cumberland Handicap, for which Self Re liance was second to The Spy, ought pretty well to corroborate the speed of the Cup, if the distance and time were correct. After the sale of Dr. L. L. Smith's horses on Monday, Mr. Goyder disposed of the race horse Touchit to Mr. Ryan of Adelaide, for the sum of 50 guineas. Considering this horse's late performances up country and at William8town, when Nimblefoot only heat him by a head, we imagine Mr. Ryan has got a bargain. Deerfoot, four years old, by South Australian, the property of Mr. Formby, of Adelaide, also brought 50 guineas, his des tination being India. We were glad to see Mr. Petty purchase that handsome mare Lady Manners Sutton j at Dr. L.- L. Smith's sale. She has a fine colt foal, by Maribyrnong, at her side, and is in foal to fireworks. The price she brought—400 guineas—is cheap, when,, as Mr. Goyder remarked, her foal is likely to realise the money when a yearling. Apart from her breeding, her ladyship has been a good performer on the turf, as was her mother, Green Linnet, before her. She started 14 times as a three-year-old, her prin cipal wins being the Maiden Plate at Ballarat, the Bendigo Handicap, the Bendigo Town Plate, and the New Year's Gift at the V.R.C. Midsummer Meeting. She also ran second to Seagull for the Oaks, and she won the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes at Adelaide two yeafs ago. Lady Manners Sutton has grown into a very handsome, roomy mare; she is, there fore, likely to turn out a valuable addition to the Maribyrnong stud. The protest entered by Mr. Lane against Rose, for the Maiden Plate run at Williams town, has been withdrawn owing to a. diffi culty the stewards find themselves in about producing the mare to enable Mr. Lang to prove his case. We are glad to hear that Fisherman's Daughter was the only animal of any value ont of tbe three which died at Mr. Moffatt's station, on the Leigh, and that no more deaths have occurred since. By the City of Adelaide, which sailed on Wednesday, a large posse of the ring and many sporting gentlemen took their depar ture for Sydney, to be present at the A J.C. Autumn Meeting, at Randwick. Mr. Clee land's horse Milesian, looking unusually well under the care of Steve Mahon, was snngly housed on the main deck, nnder the poop. ! Oar representative was also on board, and we hope to be enabled to publish a few of his mornings at Randwick, with his ideas as to the most probable winners, next week. A match between Mr. B. Thompson's Maud, ridden by Leirscb, and Mr. Fagan's Rake, ridden by Harding, over the Canlfield Steeple chase Coarse, for £25 a-side, came off last Tuesday, Maud winning easily. Another match was ran immediately afterwards be tween Maud, ridden by Mr. Glenister, and Bushranger, with Watkins np. over the same course; tbe owner of Maud laying 20 to 10, and winning the money. There were abont 100 persons present to witness the sport 