MISOELIiANEOUS.; A, ghost story Ihas:been exciting solne attentioo at Strith:il.tylij (Satill Australia), concecrllng ?:whlich a' well IttowII residet writes to the Ihcal press as follows: .lWlhist:itaing o iWalk very early oihe morning, t hItnoughsilb e -moilve which, I tanto0t aceount Inot, I was iditlced to wtal't throung a t cv tin littying-.ronnd, and cotitng to a gravei aiur ourdedt by n aill anld covered with a slab of slnte, I noticed o lthle.slate nolhtetli;tlg strailFe. It was sea:cely. light enougIt to itee distiilotly at li st, utt tal or watlitin somne minutcs I could sie it plainly andtitap?ilpceed to bi aside view ol' a fcr.ileti Icould distinally trace the head tind body and tile skirts, app tirently fuIll size. . Not being s:atisfild with the s-ailt I rtibbedt my hallld on the fornlt mid lo tt thl; at portion of tlhe slati porfectly dry, whilt the, arts outside the form were vey weti withu the iewinwhicil had falle,' and stitliot eitig satislied I w.lked .lwt! ; tay, ld ,elltt, back in about fifteet or tweity t:itishlnetaltervlalrds, hltd ultl tile folrl, W.is thlere, .o I ditermiiieil ttpoo. visitittg it ttgai;,t which 1 dltl, atid codottlnedt doilg sooer it week or mttoe. I)nr'gt thls time I olty saw theit lotrltn ice tfter itho firua mortieg; hut nott ehlig a believer in slupeitnaturti l anllpeaneces I triedl to define tlie 'cause, but filed. Ii the course ol cotllvcr'ltiOo n I told Mr Mlortonl whalt I' Ihad reit, nut. le visited tile place totd saw the 'lform:, allmtotgh tiut so plain as it wv,.s wlelt I sa w it. 'Thle formt was to be see,. ilt, it lllas been seet ,itc ty ,rlothers.L Nowy I Ielievi there is .ome 'llatonral3 cttuso wihich pltniditees thisi stralgeo tpploeairttce, ;1!dt .tpellitps 'solitlei p.rsot;ttpot readin lg thl;s witll,' uble to s~tisly the mlinihiot thlose vlwho have seet it,' tltihough'ltiaity titiugs have been ad vaiced by people uas to the uob tltle ctlse, Iit tnole tllht. Seettms satislt|eiOiy to my tlild' atid tltse who have beei eye :wit nessos of the sight".". ' Aitong the: p:'inoesses of Eitropo the mitnpress' of IJtiissia andl thl Prin. doss lrederick COlhihld iaro lio best tpainters, theI Pitincee of Waleos tlhi besl PorforiuUr ott Ito pijittu, (hOe Q(Uoon of lollatid thu best poot tod author, Lhe OrownPlrincess of .Prtissia lIo best managor o' fairs and publio feslivilies, tho Emtnpross ':of Germany tho best eonvdisationalist, thi Einpross of' Alis [tia r'ihto lbo? l0p ig htlady, aud theo Qucoti of Dtontntarhe hio bost' houso wife. So snys M\adatmo Rattazei in :on0 of her roceonut novels. jiA dl'ibrih( ttempt at't'uder .d by poisoning' is reportod' from iBahiurst. According t the reports of "what transpired at tho magisterial investi gation it appears that , a domestic servant named. Ellen Ryan, in the em ploy of Thomas Denny, ironfounder, was charged with :administering strychnine, or caising it to be adumin istered to Peter Gibbons, in the samen employ. A person, believed by the assistant at tho shop of Mr Butter worth, chemist, bht not positively identified, as prisoner, called on the evening of the 3rd instmnt and oh Iained twenty grains -of etryohnine, wrhioh she wanted to send to a friend in thd cotiniry in order to ..kill imiviiv cats. Tire bottle was labelled "poison." It' seoms'that shelhad riot 1given isrlid fcotion to 'Mis :Donmiy uand lid d ru ceived notict at the' end oof the pre vious month to': iquit hlr service, and so6he angry 'fduljing ias ,displayed td wards hor:,mistress. -She. was .away Irom the houso:oii iho vening op . the' 3rd, and retiurned. abot ',nine i o'dlol. Oh ihl '4th 'she cleaned the piantry, and cooked the dinner,'consisting of roast beef and baked potatoes; Dinner was ready at inoonbu, .ut Mrs Denny bei ng eaniged;with a;visitor, she told Ryan to: carve for tGibbons and .the .cliildren, and put the moeat back' into the oven Wen te visitor loft,.Ms Denny could not' find -REvari, and 'did not soo, her till half plt tivo .' Mrs Doanny partbolioof. zsomne of the, ipeat, finding it, peculiarly, bitter, spat iit out of; her ioutihli., ,The potatoes. had :the same intensely:;bitter i flavor. ;', Ryan when spoken to on:the matter, stated she had io dinner' iaid the childrenr ate no minat.,' Mrs Deiiny. 'askled her. to taste' the ideat, hi','h'i sie' did, but coughed and spat it out. .Thelro was a large dog .:in itho: yard,- and by .Mrs Donny's orders Ryan threw the' beef to it. 'In: about fifteen '::i?utes' the dog was; -in ' cohculsions,, and im iiediatly after died.' Gibbosi', wlio .had eaten 'a few mouthfuls .of. the .moat, did not at the. timne notice any thing:romnarkabl: in.the taste and went to .wIok., :But' aboutt 'half asi hbiur' aftieho felt his limbs begin.f to' sliake and liis'head"'became dizzy. Hediro :coieed and ýwbnt:' h:o with 'his .'Norlk. idn about ifour hdours ihbov oer,i, he 'had another fit, lost: iis. sight!,and -fell down. ,;:Hoe i subsequently : got right under thoicare of"Dr MIobati io.- :The ddg's stmtiach atid'is contdhtb! i aroin the possession of ',1 r .Watt, "anialyfical chmiist, .Sydney,. for eiexainmation. Prisoner was remandod till ,thi 13th inst. I . :: The Pali, Mall Gazette'reports that the Pops':is.vetoiy ill with': a fresh' ht tack b f gout, twhich: is 'described' hliis physicia ' as''' ascendimg paralysi. The Sabreid Cdllege, ias hold a secret 'meeting to.considi"r. the crisis, and has decided in caseo:o, th'e he Pope's death to remove to .lalta. ' 