TICE SCOTT FENTON All Y IlA.NO.UI_T. I Till'banquet, in celebration of the centenary of the birth of Sir Walter Scott, took place in the Masonic Hill, on Tuesday evening, August 15 About one hundred. glitters n sat down to the tables, which were provided with every delicacy by Signor Roberto, under the supervision of the Banquet Committee A number of 1 ideas we are prut, seats having been provided for them on the dais, at the (stern rail of the spacious apartment the hall was very tastefully) orn mented with banners and boughs, -streamers of dark seen ivy having been occasion lily introduced in the bright masses of greenery), with a very pleasing and novel effect At the back of the dais, two stalls of the graceful li mann gave a rich suit Iropiuil character to the decorations, not the least successful of which was that wine h adorned the front of the western gallery, where the band was stationed Pro- fi sir r Charles II album occupied the chair, and the Hon Charles Campbell, MLC, occupied the vice chair On the right of the chairman and his Excellency the Right Hon. the Earl of Belmore, next to whom was the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale The Cn.tl_t-.AN proposed "The health of the Queen, which was received with all the honours, the band playing the National Anthem The Chairman proposed " the Governor " The Earl of Bli mow (who on rising was received with loud and continued applause said that he most heartily thanked him for the manner in which they had received the toast On the present occasion he would not anticipate those eloquent appeal era who were to address them that evening, and he via uld therefore content himself with thanking them for drinking his health It was very pleasant for him to receive a feast in such emphatic terms He again in get d to thank them for the honour they had done him (A pi Inuso ) Professor BAnn Avt next proposed "The memory of Sir Waite i scott In doing so he said - Ladies and gentle men, I must now entreat your forbearance whilst 1 enter up n ii task which has been allotted to me turn evening I was going to say that it was a task to which I was too ill) unequal morning though) the task of praising Sir Willi i butt But who is equal to it is the greatest speaker that ever lived, the man who should be most pregnant in fancy, most with in observation, most gracefully flexible in ian gauge, could ney in come up to anything like praising one who has been consecrated in the memories of a great and powerful country (Applause) I cannot therefore under take to praise him for what would this praise be' It would be praising one whose praise had long ago sunk into deep and permanent admin tion an inclination to which none of you would Bank of giving utterance And who am I that I should give utterance to those thoughts which you yourselves are content to leave us thoughts, to leave unuttered but desire to transmit ) our children a (Applause ) Well, is this is the case, how am I to handle the subject ' Am I to r mbark into a dissertation ( Is this a time, is this the pick o, fora lecture upon the peculiar merits of fair Walter Scott, either as a poet or as a novelist ' No doubt a great many very next client disquisitions might be made by competent persons upon the variety of his characters, upon the applicability of those characters to the history of the times, upon the history of the times themselves how far this or that saving was a real explanation of the time he attempted to describe. Or, taking it in a larger way, how far Sir Walter Scott had encouraged the true stud) of history, or how far he had been meritorious in originating that from entire period, as the 1 reach had agreed to call it, that romantic period of literature which, at all events, if it did nothing else, sent into utter darkness the miserable pseudo class enmities which preceded it All these and a hundred other Mitjicte a man might discourse upon, it he thought it his province to make a dissertation, or if he thought resulted this place or the memory of this great man, to be lecturing upon him here But I have no such arms I have neither the preparation nor the phraseology), nor have I trust utter want of the sense of time and place which should prompt me if I knew ever so much about these subjects, and a raid over so well count upon an audience, to profane this war It limit) by introducing matters which are at least pedantic We have not come here to celebrate great talents we have come here to perform an act of solemn com amelioration for great benefits received Applause ) I see i of 9-10 by that interruption that you understand to what benefits I allude But you let me point out toyousotne few of I beam benefits, -the Duchess of Wellington, the wife of the great captain and I have this anecdote upon the authority of the physicians who attended her, who was a fraud of our family, Sir Henry Halford the Duchess of Wellington, a very few months before her death, sent to Sir Walter Scott to thank him most speedily for the many hours of relief and comfort which his works had afforded I her during a long and hopeless illness Are there not many) here are there not many, not only in the Australian colonies, but still more in the mother-country - who do match that anecdote with anecdotes in their own family (Applause ) 1 for one can remember dear facts pining, puling almost too much to express the inward agony with which they were con- vulsed - I can remember bringing into their eyes gleams of joy, gleams at least of cheerfulness and almost of it), whilst I was using the A-and of this powerful each outer to beguile their sufferings (Applause) This, I believe, is one of the greatest benefits that Sir Walter Scott has bestowed upon all-not only upon those who speak theLnglißhlangungc, but also upon all those to whom the English language is accessible, even through their- irons I believe he has written a book that has gone into more households, into more European countries, or countries where there is the slightest tinge of European civilization, than any other, It is easier, more necessities, has dogmatic, I will not say that his works are the greatest of all works , but they are the most invading und permeating of any works that I know of. (Applause ). It is not only in sickness but also for us who are in health, to enjoy. How many weary suspense, how much) an hour of enforced idleness, when perhaps we might have been thinking of worse things, if we had not had that to occupy) us T H w many an hour of wearisomeness and disgust, accented by pelt) cares or party squabbles, have west will not say wineiified-but purified by alighting upon a volume of the W Waverley Novels just at the right time, and by giving our fancies to be purified of their unwholesome contents, by some magic sconce he may have conjured up I say then, we come here to commemorate a benefactor But all great men of genius are benefactors to us But there is this dis- traction that Sir Walter 'nott, b) pursuing humbler kind of literature-as confessedly it was, for he himself stooped from poetry, in order to adopt it contrived to introduce himself with that noiseless and unobtrusive sympathy, and come into the palace of the cot unannounced, unheralded, and) in making himself welcome even almost before he is recognised He comes with such a stealthy sweetness upon us that we may have him not only as our benefactor, but us our beneficent friend. (Applause ) I said that I should not praises this great man I said also that I should not give you any dissertation upon this great man but I am tempted to say) some few words, not by way of disser- tation, but to show a certain discrimination, or rather a certain spirit of detail in commemorating his services He is the great consider who has smoothed many a pillow He is the great conqueror who had made many a voyage supportable, who has made many an anxious trying week or monto, whatever time it may be, a little less endurable. But surely we are not glad to recall the source by which he has done it Varro are these enchantments which he has had in his hands v Now, I wish that in place of being surrounded by various devices formed of Australian plants and ferns and the rest of if I could just put found this room a few pictures illustrative of his great scene. I wish I could represent tomorrow some of the great scenes which have arisen under the wand of his enchantment I wish I could I can, You can, any one of us can. Tor there is that power even in the name of our enchanter. At the mention of Sir Walter Scott, what arises amongst us ' What arises before our eyes Rebecca and the Templar, Bailie Nicol Jarvie - that inimitable character then again the clerk of Copmanhurst carousing with Riclond And then again there is-but I dare not trust myself And why should I be peopling this room with all kinds of phantoms J If I do that, this magician is so powerful that perhaps the ghosts might jostle each other and on to considerable confusion And now there is one more thing which we need not shirk in those so of Sir Walter Stott Often you will hear praises of an author, and then either an ominous silence or that lightness of allusion which is often more ominous than silence as to the man. But we fear no criticism of Sir- Walter Stott Because the man in this case is such a man, with a thorough, honest man (Applause ) He is not a sick man, appealing to the public in his own sentimental and subjective faintness. He is a man not moody and morose, but thoroughly health). Not challenging the worship of people to his gloom, as if his gloom or moroseness was a Symptom of duty. And lastly, if I must descend into a lower allusion, he is a thoroughly upright man who dis- pains to create applause by suggesting voluptuous images from which every health) mind turns away with loathing He represents a time which has been much maligned, child) by lectures upon the Georges and others, but a time which, after all, was a time of very manly men for ltvvuB a time of Wellington and of Nelson-a time of men of great courage, a true of courage also in the Cabinet He sympathised with all this manlmosB because he was manly himself. If you want to see an exuberance of his [manliness, just look at his heroines I do not mean the heroines of particular individuals. Heroines of nov elB are those happy individuals whom we can generally dispose of in marriage before we got to the end of the story They go through mild temptations and easy kinds of dangers, and at last get named But the heroines of Sir Walter Scott were of a far different character. They are Flora McIvor and Mima Troll-people who are never married, and never settle down comfort ably (laughter and cheers) the parochial people with whom I am sure more than one of my hearers bas acute sympathy He could not perhaps deal quite justly with the fame kind of feminine character. With his female characters there was all the lustre and all the grace of womanhood , but there was also that hardness which your dapper, sentimental adventurers omit. He despised all low female adults- tions He was a man who kept unsullied his youth in all its purity as the greatest offering which he could lay at the shrine of his future bride. I refer you to his son-in-law for that Then I am reminded that he had his faults. But we do not shrink from his faults. They were not of that sickly kind that we could not look them in the face. He lived so much in the world of romance and nobleness that he detested vulgarities, I do not mean vulgarities as a cockney would understand them , but, the vulgarities) of society from. top to bottom. Ho so hated them that he "met ed himself- from the world, and vi entinto a half fanciful world of his own He believed in an old feudal time, that I for one strongly doubt whether it over existed. But he believed in it and tried to transfer himself into it, and tried to make Abbotsford some such a pout us an old castle in the earlier days. He (tried to com- bine the refinement of the beginning of the nineteenth c rivalry with all the virtues which, he believed bolong, d (o centuries preceding. I think there was some historical confusion in his mind, and a considerable amount of im fi- station in his visit. All this wrought powerfully up in a man who was intended and was born to be the great story teller ; the great reviver of all that was noble in the middle ages, and all that had been noble since amongst that false classically to which I have alluded. With till this fancy in him, with a natural ambition to transmit his name and not allow his family to dwindle away and be submerged, he dreamed that unhappy dream of Abbotsford. Then came hard work, disappointment, and bankruptcy. What generally comes next to mon after bankruptcy? The most he rose and contented acquiescence in the loss of their creditors. But he felt nothing of that kind. That is where the man came out. He felt towards every creditor to whom he owed a shilling the same as he would feel if he had lost a shilling himself. And he strove and worked work, in comparison to which the work of the limbs is nothing. He wrought upon that tremendous brain of his, until it fairly broke down, without complaint or murmur. My own father met him just before he died, and be said to him, " I am afraid you are rather lame ? " " Lame, Sir, not at all; but one year ago I was the strongest man in Scotland, and now I scarcely feel] myself a man at all." Hero was the heroic old fellow dying to satisfy his creditors. Now, the end of all this is, we have come here to commemorate a man who has relieved our anxious moments, who has supplied us with the means of relieving for more terrible moments, and more than moments, of suffering, to those who are done to us. He was himself a great pattern of all the best English and Scottish virtues, and of Irish foe. He is a man who has taken a large share in our literature and has given it a moral and useful tendency-useful, I added on account of the many Scotch gentlemen present lhiscttning. I call upon you not drink to the health of the memory of, or anything else ; but simply call upon you to perform a solemn act of commemoration to one of those few men whom Providence vouchsafes to bestow upon a somewhat miscellaneous congregation of persons, who are called civilised, from time to time-con descends to bestow than in order to relieve them from utter barbarism. I call upon you to record your thankfulness in any way you like either by drinking or thinking, to the memory of Sir Walter Scott. The toast was received with solemn silence. The Rev. Dr. Lang proposed "British Literature." The toast was received with great enthusiasm and hearty applause. Mr. District Court Judge Francis responded. 