COUNTRY NEWS. On Monday afternoon (states tho Bendiyo Advertiser) the attention of tho passers-by was attracted to tho actions of a dog in Kooh'b dam, on tho roadside opposite the Silvor Mines Hotel, Lung Gully, and on looking to ascertain tne cause tne ooay ot a mau was discovered dead in tho water. It was removed to the hotel, and was recog nised as that of a man named Morris Holm. It is supposed that ho waa drowned on tho previous night, but in what way ho got into tho dam is unknown. A fatal accident occurred on Monday afternoon (states tho Ballarat Courier, llth July), about two o'clock, at tho claim of the Old Hero Quartz Company, Littlo Bondigo. A young man named Thomas Martin, resid ing at the Brown Hill, twenty-three yoars of 040, and unmarried, was working below, when a sudden and unexpected fall of oarth took place, in which ho was enveloped. His mates immediately set to work to extricate him, and medioal aid was sent for, but by tho time they got to tho spot it was evidont that life was oxtinct, and it was found that tho head of the poor fellow was seriously injured. In recognition of tho conduct of senior constable Hall at Grata in ridding that neighborhood of so many dangorous aud desperate characters, some of tho farmers and settlers there have resolved (states tho Ovens Spectator ) to present him with a purse of twenty sovereigns. Mr. John Bryson, tho treasurer, has requested Mr. HaU to namo a day for the presentation, and this, we understand, he wiU do as soon as he gets tho necessary permission from the Chiof Commissioner of Polioe. Tho gift has boon thoroughly well earned, but must at tho samo timo bo exceedingly gratifying to tho rocipiont. A correspondent writing to tho Pleasant Crc»k News, 8th July, from tho Wimmera, states that since last season over ono hundred Gormans, many of them with families, havo travolled from Adolaido to Horsham, with tho viow of sottling down in that locality. A large number of them possess suflioiont moans to start in farming, and as they are all men who hove followed the occupation in the sister colony, they aro thoroughly conversant with the boat systems requisite hero, in viowof the exigencies of the climate. If those families givo a favorablo report of tho ground and olimato, a largo number will be induced to follow, bo that before long quite a colony of Germans ia oxpcctod to sottlo on the lands in that neighborhood. A quasi publio meeting for tho discussion of tho subjeot of raUway extension was held in Dnnolly some nights ago. During tho arguments (states tho- Express), a smaU farmer, who had evidently boon looking through the glass bottoms of nnmberloss pint pots through the day, entered the meet ing room, and soaring himself comfortably, in a stato of semi-somnolency, listened to tho proa and cons on tho question, occasion ally inter joctipg a fe'eblo hear, hoar, in tho wrong placo. The time at lost arrived when tho speakers hod exhausted themsolves, and tho chairman, after reading a resolution, in quired if there was any amendment. Then our small farmer rose, slowly and unsteadily, and thus quoth ho : — " Genl'men, I don't p'fesa to ondorstand much of tho qucs'n. Faint my lino this spooch'fying — hie- — but look hore. You bin a talkm' 'bout your lions for more'n throe hoars. You can ha' your bluos and your pinks, if you like, but I've known Jor'y Culi'm for long time, and I — hie — vote for tho Red Lion !" Tho local correspondent of tho Ballarat Star, llth Juno, writes: — " Timo, instead of lessoning belief in tho Bnrnt Bridge ghost, has rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of the party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted house, ' This person is so imbued with foar ever since, that ho is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors unceremo niously rushed out. Finding himself thus loft the sole occupant of the house, ho hastily snatched up a blanket, bnt in his ex cessive confusion and hurry loft his hat and boots bohind, and appliod all available speed in makirig his escape to my houso, distant about Bixty yards, and pitifully implored ad mittance. Ho said ho muBt havo travolled tho distance in thirteen bounds, so groat was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himsolf on his good fortune in not coming Dump agamsc a tree. Just tanoy a man about forty-five years of age, and about six foot six inches high, with hair standing on ond, barefooted and baroheadod, cloaring liugo logs and other obstructions as if tho arch-fiend hiruself wero at his heels, from sheor terror from a ghost, and you have a faithful picture of tho man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to ohallonge tho ghost at his haunt, and thoy proposo to furnish themselves with firearms in case of, moating tangible resistance. Should tho sohemo be carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more converts to the new faith." 