The Pseudo-Count von ifrttems again, -V- The Straits Times of October 15 gives the. following ac'-. .eount.Offois.gentlemaR, in whorna number of persons. in-' 'Australia still feel a lively interest:—' ' By foe last French mail from" Java 'wehave'Teoeived a copy; forwarded to us from S6urab4ya, of a legal document . containing foe Judge's summing np.of the case on passing - sentence on. the pscudo Count von Atteiu6. It is of very.: great length; hence we have thought if better to 'give oidy ahabstract of it, . The indictment wae on two counts — first, for knowingly' making use o_f forged commercial, writings ; secondly, for escaping' from 'prison by breaking out. Tho accused, whose real name is Curt Oswaldk'Schnialz, was bhtni lit. Pirns, in-6axony)ottMay24, 1843, and, qfter having strc-; ccssfullyqj tended thc touqnerdal snhool at, Tlatien,. began his career at Trieste, where lie obtained employment in a ' c onnting-hbuec for a while, and continued at the satire time bis studies at foe commercial, academy there ; but havjng incurred many-debts, lie secretly . left the city in. Ebie' 21)fo year of-hisjige', and went to North America (n a sailing drip.' After his arrival 'in 'America he enlisted Tin Jthe ' Northern Army on the 2nd Maesateiusets Cavatyy, qnd was promotod'to be captain, but tying discharged at the end of the. war, he betook himself to Rio dc Janeiro, where, after ftuitless -efforts to enter the .Brazilian service,' ho obtained a situation frmji a eertain merchant named. George Davis. Shortly after this, on receiving news' from'his ffiher that ' foeTafter was no longer able to honour his l ittle bills drawn on foe Saxon Consul, he left Rio again on account of, running into dety kefid after havingonre ipore fruitlessly .striven to enlist cb a soldier, both at Sfonte Video and'BUenos Ayrcs, he at the latter place received £50 on a bill signod Count Yen Auft-sptrg, a name assumed then for foe Erst: time by , him. In the same way, and under the same name, he afterwards defyauded sev eral hankers at Bahii, Moyabam- La, Lima',' Guayaquil, Sen Juan,' and' Havana, of various Bntne, amounting altogether to about £2100, and, having at length arrived at New York, he obtain#! £100 from a banker there upon showing him a letter from ' an English' banker prepared by himself. "With this amount he paid - his' pfstogo to Sierra Leone (West Coast of Africa). He' .there js still under the name of Copnt Yon Auersperg, de-. frauded a backer there of £200, and sailed Thence to Barter . ldna.' At these two places he received altogether- oh the' aforesaid letter of credit/£600. From Barcelona he crossed oyer to Bona in Algeria, under the name of Count Wunu- brant Stupjiach;' and received there £100 Off a letter of credit from Rothschild's banking-house at Vienna, prepared by himself ; after which he, on foe failure of alike attempt at Algiers, took shipping for Constantinople, where, under thepseudo name of. Count Von 'Landberg. he caused a banker to pay out to him £100; From- Constantinople ho went by a man-of-war steamer to Alexandria, and once ..more as Count Top Auersperg, received £500 tyth there and at Caiio, after which, under the name of. Berthold Stone, he left Alexandria for Messina by foe M.I.' Steamer Eeluse. Frqm Messina be went to Naples and procured'a pass from Mr. Alfred' D . Green, the Amerifka Consul ' there, hnoer' foe npine of Mr. Cafel Von Berthold' Stein, which -pass was. atbis .own request,. exchanged by Mr. Lawrence, American Consul at Floicnce, for another bear ing the name of Mr, Charles 'Von'Berth'old Stone. With this pass he ' travelled to Trietie,' stayed -there for a short time under his true name, and paid .some small old debts'. Upon this he lpft for Vienna by , railway under the name ol Stone, and bought there from A . 'EinPer, a banker, u hill ; for £18 on the Anglo- Austrian 'bank -at London, to the Order of Captain Stone. " He then, ; without having rpecived uny money at Vienna, set out for London by way of Dtea- den, where he paid a visit to bis uncle, 'a Lieutetynt-Gone-. ral of Infantry. Shortly after his arrival in Lmdob he!. bought a box: with types and priming .utensils, and also qJ bill-book, .vvifo foe object ol making use of foem, if need be,, in the .preparation of forged "bills. Before discounting the bill onjbe Ahfdo-Austrian'bank bought ai Vienna, he, after obtaining -the acceptance of Messrs. ,S. liokiuuont, . director, and F. Bruer, general .manager of this bank, imi tated foe signatures of these gentlemen on a piece of paper by means of glass, procured a white cloth Austrian faficv uniform great coat, -blue pantaloons, and a fancy cap with lace, und afterwards left for Amsterdam, where he presented himself to foe Austrian Consul as Count Frans Von Schon- boin. Dressed in the aforesaid coat and cap, and pretending ' to be an Austrian officer, he was introduced under tho above name to the managers of foe Netherlands India -Trading Bank there by foe Austrian. Consul, and caused tho Said managers to supply him with 9512f., that is, with 170 English sovereigns— 2, 027, 25, 15f., English bank notes;' 179,25f., 106, 50f. in Dutch money, and a letter of credit for 72GOf, on the head agency of the said bank at Batavia, in exchange for four forged German bills filled up by himself on the Anglo-Aublrion Bank, containing foe signatures of the banker A. Zinner as drawer, and of Messrs, S. Beau mont and F. Breucr, respectively director and general manager of foo said Dank, as aoceptors, for £20 0 each. J Once in the possesEionof focsevaluahles,he repaired to Paris, I where, under foe name of Baron Johann von Paumgarten, I he procured from foe firm of Norton and Co., a letter of credit for 14,163, lOf . in exchange for bills forged as bofor® to foe amount of £600, on which he obtained at Paris lOOOf . , and afterwards at Brussels from foo agents of tho said firm, G. Casseland Co., 6000f. After a very short stay at B russets, he retained to London with foo money received at foe former place ; from London ho took passage to Aus tralia. Once arrived at Sydney, he gave himself out to bo Count Ignaz von Attains, captain of foe horse in tho Aus trian army, and began his forgeries on a greater scale- Amongst other things, he prepared then a forged letter of recommendation from the Archduke Albert to the Austrian consulates in Australia and ' Asia; a forged permission to travel from foe said Archduke and foe Austrian Minister of War, a letter of introduction from Anton Count Von Auersperg to H. E. Sir John Young, Governor of New South Wales ; a circular letter of credit from the Anglo- Austrian Bank to its corresbondents in Australia and Asia ; and lastly, bills, in foe bill- book brought with him from London, to amounts of £100 and -upwards, to the order .of Ignaz Count Von Attems, with the forged abeeptances far tho Anglo -Austrian. Bonk of the above-named Messrs. Beaumont and Breuer, payable by foe bankers Glynn and Co., at London, aud drawn by foe Austrian Minister of Finances, Von Becke, on which tho Austrian armB were primed on the margin in black ink, with a stamp producod at foe trial and stated by toe accused to have been bought St Marseilles. Across the' bills the words "No," "Ac cepted," " Payable at," " Director," were printed behind foe signature of Mr. Beaumont; "General Manager" behind that of Mr. Breuer, and at the foot " K. K.'Finanz Ministerium," above foe signature of the Minister Karl von Becke. Whenever he had need of money he cut out more of these hills from the book, and furnished with his -endorsement es Count Ignaz Yon Attems, he sold foem to several bankers, and did so to the amount altogether of about £6500, after which lie, when he saw that the forgeries must ho discovered, bought and fitted out at Brisbano a yacht named the Hamlet's Ghost,- with which hn. steered lor Java, with a crow enlisted by .himself. Haying como off Timor, and feeling a want of provisions and money to pay liis men, ho ran into KupaDg, and there endorsed to J. -H. do Sisp, a trader, two of the bills prepared in Australia, . one for £1U0 and the other for £200, lor which he asserts that be receivcd'mostiy cisli. SVhcn he at last arrived at 6ourabnya, he went to foe British Consul, pfetending.to be Count lgnsz Von Attains. By means of the consul ho came into communication with the agent of the Rotterdam Bhi-'k there, and sold to him forlhe 'Opening of a credit, two of the bills previously prepared in Australia, add cut out of his bill-book, for the amounts respectively of £200 and £600, of which amounts be only received 2700f. oh cheques drawn by him ' on foe agency of the aforesaid bank at Eourabaya, and signed with foe name uf Ignaz Dpunt Vpn Attems. Being foorpppon detained, and afterwards taken into custody, he, at first, denied his guilt, hut, repeating afterwards of hiB misdeeds, made a full confession of his guilt, which .was followed by a lengthy account of . his ad ventures, written by himself for the service of justice. This confession, so far as it Lore upon tho bill for £200, No. 10,327, sold to Mr. de Siso, and foe two bilk, Nos- 10,328and 10,329, sold to the Rotterdam Bank, wob confirmed —1st, by the witnesses Sech Saltan bin Said Bahmid and P. H. Socters, agent of foe said bank, foe first of whom declared under oath that he, by tbe endorsement of Mr. de Siso, became owner of the bill No. 10,327, 'and sold it to foe Rotterdam Bank, never doubting its genuineness ; and foe latter testified that Mr. Van Lacr, British Vice- consul at Sourabaya, made him acquainted with 'foe oo- cused, and that he, without any suspicion, bought from foe latter foe bills Nos. 10,328 and 10,329, after fog Boid consul had come to his office bringing the bill-book of .foe ocoused, and asking him if he would buy bills f rom'foie lattty ; that he had already paid foe accused £2700 for these bills, when he was informed from foe head agency of" foe bank at Batavia, to whom the bills had been sent, (Hat there was reason to believe that foe accused was the samo as the Count Von Bchonbom who committed frauds' at Amster dam seme months before ; that this, when the suspicions were further strengthened, led to foe arrest of foe hocused ; that Mr. de Siso had reimbursed him for foe amount of the hill he had bought from Bahmid, hut that he liad never received back any of the money paid to the accused. Secondly, by foe declarations made by H. E. Franz Carl Freiherr Von Becke, Austrian Minister of FinanoSs, that his signature appearing on foe aforesaid hills, one of which and photographs 'of the two others had been shown him, were forged, and thiatfoewords"K.K.,Finanz Ministerium, were usually in use to designate foe Austrian Financial Depart ment. Thirdly, by foe declarations made by Messrs. Beau mont and Breuer, that' their signatures on bills Nos. -10,328 and 10,329, shown to foem photographically, were .forged, and neither written by them nor put there -by their au thorisation, co-operation,' or approval; fourthly,, by a de claration made bv F. Engellardt, one of the directors of .the Anglo- Austrian Bank, and foe said F. Breuer, furnished with an impression of foe seal of the said batik, and attached to bill No. 10,327, that the signatures, of Messrs. Beaumont and Breuer appearing on the said bill are forgeries. And, lastly, by comparing the afortyaid bills with the blank ones in the bill-book; which dearly showed that foey are not only identically .foe same, but had been also cut out of foe said bill-book. Then follows the summing up of the facts As 'to -foe attempted escape of foe' accused from prison, and the evi dence for foe prosecntionon that count. According to what ib stated, .when the accused, Was in "hospital, for (ihdtitel treatment in August, I860, be formed the idea of escaping by flight from further prosecution. For this purpose he made use of a knife which he had obtained frqm some- one during a former stay at the hospital, and kept it carefully ; with uiis knife he cut out/ diiringeight ruche-si ve nlgh ts, foe wood of foe window sill to which the ironiwiadow -bars were fattened; rand krqpt foe chips carefully. At last, in foe .night ol foe 17 found 18th August in foe arid year,' when everything was ready, he placed1 a bench that Was in his room upright against Ihe wall under tho window, .ciupbed on it,'Ortw abaruutqf foe window, and then maty his escape through the opening thus niide, leaving behind the knife; and letting'himself down-by a rope fastened to! the tneareat bar, which rope had tyen given to him .ui htyown request. for hanging his clothes to dry. Before eettmg down he /hid' the pulled )dut bir under Ins bed/ aitd so ar ranged his'- pillows' that -at first sight ltmij-bt be thaneht there was snineonn in thntot. rt, ,v oured to syrim -over the river behind (he hospiiaf/heAived 'under' water on heariitg hnm'an 'voibes, tmd; after "floating down ihe stream, he landed and- 'Went towards foelcity. Finding a Javanese sleepingjn his (loat in the great river, he awoke- him and .bade him row towards tiictya, "and, having arrived in"th6Wds, ordered him tor tow-foe boat to the coatt of - Madura- 'When he heard the hoitmSn sty, on arrivingat » certain rompo.ng,,foat he yvas ,not able to bring hitfi to Sampeng, he (foe accused) stepped mmore, paid the boatman six gilders; add-afterwards weht'f6,lSamtyng, on ahorse lent to him by the head man of the campong; front Eampang he reached Famakaesau at length, on a treggqn furnished him by the AssiBtanl-ResidentT having nothing else with him foan a small b'imdlo containfflg his clothes and some papers, and wholly without'mtmeyi At the laef-named place he repaired tofoe'ResMqnt, apd naked him for, some post-horses for Sumanqp, asserting that he was fiamed- Stone, ahd was captain of marines on bohdd foo X'.S. ship Hartford, Commodore HoyfarJ, .yvhoto (hip had been taking. soundings between Bali and Kangean Island ; he f nrfoenhore asserted that "he had been "chkrged fn'carry over despatches to Sourabaya, and, now that his mission t""l been fulfilled; wished to return off board tyr way pf Suma- nap; foe said Resident, on hearing fois, Itecgme suspici- .ous. and caused a .controlepr to guide 1 htm to 'itoufiibaya, saying at the same iinfe, thntthe ship Cbiildbo'thd reached from Sumahap .Vy ptybus, .rafter which .he was ' again arrested at Sourabaya and tyought back to prison. ' The accused in His defence admitted fob' fording and littering of fha iafoityaid three bills, bdt alleged tot tho latter, owing to foe misdescription of foe Austrian Minis ter :of .Finances,: foe spelling of foe name of foe firm Glynn and Co. with two ri's . instead of one,' dnfl. foe im proper way of sealing, lacked foe legal criteria-of bills of Exchange.. The Court held that tin's defence waagibund- lees, that foe. hjlkigontained .foe criteria reqnjreaby tho Jaw, that foe defectq pointed out by foe accused wra not amongst those setforlh in foe Commercial Code; and even if it were otherwise/it would, not prevent the prosecution and condemnation of any one who, after forging Such bills, should knowingly utter them. The Court she denjhd foe truth of an assertion made by the accused that Of the two crimes laid to his charge he shoqld legally be -.punished for foegraver one only. The Court thereupon proceeded to pass sentenoe on him, but taking into consideration foe lull confession fie had made, bis comparative youth at foe lime pf the commission of the crimes, "and foe seduptions he 'had been exposed to during hiS'Very eventful life, thought fit nbt'to'pttntthhim with foe utmost severity the law .allowed. HiS sentence therefore wap-Mst,' imprisonment for 6ix years in foo House of .Correctiomand the payment of , a "fine' pf 1000f., and confinement for five months in -cam fh6 finetbo not paid. 2ndly, six. months' imprisonment, .tp tygin offer foo expiration of foe foregoing terms. Tbe stamps made use of by him for forging were ordered to bo' destroyed; Tho High Court of -Justice, to which' foe sentence was referred for revision, increased the House of Correction tefoi from six to ton years, but confirmed the rpmoinder. rnssmiNl Gust's cinixet.It is worthy of note that, with foe retirement of Mr, Cox, but a single one of the entire-array of Cabinet officers origi nally -appointed by General Grant now remains. Mr. Washburnc, gave/way, as Seerelary of. Stato, to Mr. Fish, of. New York ; Mr. Stewart, of New York, gave way as Secretary. of the Treasury) to Mr. Bofftwell, of Massachusetts; General Rawlins, of -Illinois, gave way as Secretary- df War to General Belknap, of Iowa.; Mr. Borie, pf Pennsylvania, gave -way as Secre tary of foe Navy to Mr. Robeson, of' New Jersey ; Judge Hoar, of Massachusetts, gave way as Attorney- General" to -Mr. Akerman, of Georgia, and now General Cox, of Ohio, lias given way, as Secretory of the Interior,", probably to Mr. Delano, pf Oliio. Mr. Croswell, pf Maryland, the lfestmaster-Gcneral, is the only officer who has retained his seat in the Cabinet, although only n little, more than twenty months have elapsed since foe original .Ministry was appointed. gr.nr.uai. Guakt's Stables. — A Washington paper gives an elaborate description of General Grant's stables, which comprise twelve fast animals aud a large supply of carriages, waggons, pluctons, and other luxuries on wheels. Some of tne harness ia heavily mounted with gold, and other sets arc richly- laden with silver. It is said the President takeB foe greatest interest in his horses, and gees out with them so often that " his form is better known to foe publio than that of any of Mb predecessors." 