THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE ON" PUBLIC EDUCATION. The following letter by Bishop Perry has been sent to the various religious newspapers with a request that it might be published :_' To the Ministers of Christ, and all who love the Lord in Victoria, My dear brethren, The office which I have so long held of chief pastor in one of our principal churches, and the Christian fellow- ship which I have enjoyed with so many ministers and members of other churches, will, I trust, in your estimation, exculpate me from presumption in addressing you upon a subject which weighs heavily upon my heart, and in which, I believe, the glory of our VV j and Saviour, and the well-being of our cold "& y are deeply concerned. I allude, as yourself doubtless have already conjectured, to the education of the young ; the importance of which, for the formation of our national character, and for the maintenance of religion, and piety among us as a people, you will all, I am sure, readily acknowledge. Let me then entreat you at this crisis, when Parliament is again called upon to pass a bill for regulating . the instruction of the people, to give the matter your careful consideration. Such a request, I am aware, implies that you have not, as yet, done this I and I frankly own that I do not think you have. For I find it impossible to believe that so many who value the knowledge of the Bible for themselves could, if they had duly reflected upon the consequences, advocate any system of education which must necessarily malarge number of instances occasion the exclusion from our schools of all instruction. in the sacred volume, and all its enlightening and purifying influence upon the mind and? heart. Other objections against a system of state education may be alleged in argument with politicians ; but with Christian men and' Christian women this, if they once realise it will be paramount. But why do I write this to you 1 Because I know (and I appeal to all who have any general acquaintance with our common schools, especially ourr vested common schools, as witnesses to the fact) that the system which has been established by the state in Victoria, and which is supported by many of yourselves, does practically render the religious training of our youth' in the majority of its schools impossible. In saying this, I do not mean, as I am reported to have been understood, that all our' teachers and local committees are indifferent to religion, but only that, as a matter of fact, both the one and the other for the most part pay no attention whatever to the subject. There are exceptional cases, but these are' very rare. Nor is such a result to be wondered; at, or to be ascribed to the negligence of individuals, whether ministers of the gospel or others. It is the necessary consequence of a system which ignores religion as an element of education, and places the management of its schools in the hands of committees, the one essential qualification of which, in the case of vested schools, is that all the differences of belief which exist among us shall be duly represented in them. They can therefore only work harmoniously by keeping religion altogether out of sight. This is now done, and always will be done (save in a few exceptional instances) in state established schools and hence it would seem necessarily to follow, that if a state system, such as now exists, or any similar one, be perpetuated in Victoria, the great bulk of the people must, humanly speaking, become in a few generations, if not wholly ignorant, yet utterly heedless of the truths and precepts, the promises and threatening of Christianity. Our particular churches may gather into each its little company, more or less numerous, of members ; but the mass of the population will be through their irreligious education, out of the reach of any church. If, indeed, the circumstances of Victoria permitted the establishment of a state-system such as that of Prussia, in which religious instruction and influence were not only sanctioned but secured, something might be said on its behalf. But no such system could be introduced here. If we have any state system, it must be some modification of that now established in America, and all reliable testimony concerning its results proves that it has produced just the baneful fruit which was to be anticipated from it Another result of an established state system of education to which I would direct your attention is, that it prevents earnest Christians, men and women, from exercising the influence which they ought and otherwise would exert in the training of the young. Many who have more or less of worldly wealth would gladly contribute a portion of it to provide for the bringing up of the children of their poorer neighbours in the nurture and admonition of the Lord ; but a state system deprives them of this their rightful privilege. Many, again, who have the love of God shed abroad in their hearts by the Holy Ghost, would delight in devoting themselves. to the work of teaching, if with the giving of secular instruction an opportunity were afforded them of feeding the lambs of Christ's flock with spiritual food ; but a state system forbids this also. Surely, so to restrain the exercise of Christian love is wilfully to reject one of the most effectual means which God has ordained for the evangelisation of a people. But if the pernicious effect of our state education be, as it appears to me, so manifest, what explanation can be given of it being approved by so many intelligent, earnest Christians ? None other that I can discover except that the phantom of denominational jam flos scared their minds. The cry raised by the public press, and echoed not only by the ungodly, but by many of the Lord's own people, is We will have a national and not a denominational, system of education ;" as though we were compelled to choose between the two, and if we did not adopt the one, must take the other. But no such alternative is forced upon us. We need not have either. We may, as I have pointed out in my letters I to The Argus, allow all persons individually, and every body of persons collectively, to. exercise their own discretion with a perfect freedom, both in the establishment of schools and in the preference of one school to another. And why should we, who are fellow servants of the same Lord, shrink from allowing to one another, and to all men, such a discretion ? Many and great as are the evils occasioned by our unhappy divisions, I shall esteem it to be the greatest of all, if, because of them, we consent to the usurpation by the state of an authority to compel the people (for- it does virtually compel them) to have their children educated in such a manner, and by such teachers as it and it alone, directly or indirectly, shall appoint (Notes 5 and G). My brethren, a solemn responsibility at this time rests upon us all. On the one hand, God has bestowed upon Victoria great spiritual privileges and on the other hand, the church of Christ here has great, dill culties to contend with. Perhaps in no part of the British empire are to be found, in proportion to the population, so many faithful and earnest ministers, and' other servants of Christ and yet, from the manner in which the population is distributed, over the country, there are fowls which exists so great a destitution of the public means of grace. Avery large number of our people never have an opportunity of joining in common prayer, or hearing the word of God preached, or partaking of the holy communion. There is, therefore, a special obliga- tion upon us to see that to these privations there be not added the impossibility of procuring religious instruction for their children. What God has already done on our behalf may encourage us, if we be mindful of our duty . toward Him, and toward our dispersed fellow-colonists, to hope that He will yet do more, and enable us to establish the church! (I speak not of this or that particular church, but of the Church of Christy throughout the length and breadth of the land. But if, instead of endeavouring, by all the means in our power, to promote both in old and young the knowledge and love of God our Saviour, we assist or silently allow the state to debar k children from receiving a Christian, education, we shall provoke God to hide His face from us, and we shall be troubled; we shall compel him, since He cannot draw us to Himself by His mercies, to afflict us with His judgments. I confess that, in the prospect of a generation educated in our state' schools, I tremble for Victoria. Forgive me, my brethren, if I seem to have expressed myself too dogmatically. A man who feels as I do in this matter, that the question is one of life or death-and who assayed afraid, as I am, that the decision will issue a QA death, the spiritual death of a people cannot - A but speak and write strongly. May God grant' that my fear may prove groundless. Your faithful brother and servant in Christ, C. MELBOURNE. Mount Hope, May 3, 1871. Flour is being smuggled over the border from Penola and Mount Gambier, and is delivered in the Casterton district at £15 por ton. The South Australian millers are solicit, ing orders from all the squatters up to the north, and the Coleraine Albion states that they are delivering their produce as far as Horsham and Glenorchy. As there is a duty at present of £1 5s. per ton on all flour ' brought into the colony, the Hour thus ' brought is simply smuggled. A TOOTH named Hagcrmanhas shot himself dead at Hamilton, Ohio, rather than fulfil a marriage engagement. 