GENERAL NEWS. STEPS are being taken in Melbourne to form a Friendly Society for native Australians above tbo age of 13 years. TBE Riverine Herald mentions it as a notable fact that the navigation of the Murray River has continued without interruption for a period of twelve months. THE gold news from Auckland continues to be of a most flourishing character. The total dividends paid on the Thames during the month of April were £150,000. Tbe natives, were quiet. JIR. THOS. CHIRNSIDE, of Werribeo, is to be entertained at a banquet by bis friends prior to his departure for Scotland, to take possession of tbe estate he has purchased in Sutherlandshire. A THREATENING letter has been sent to Judge Harp-rave, in consequence of his having sentenced Mr. Kennedy, es-M.P. in Queensland, to three months' imprisonment, for assaulting Mr. Buchanan, a member of the Legislative Assembly. A HEPORT recently presented by Mr. Bruca, the inspector of sheep and cattle for New South Wales, contains the. following interesting information :—Eighty-five per cent of tbe New South Wales stockowners who hitve tried inoculation for pleuro-pneumonia believe in its cfficacy ; and seventj'-five per cent, of those have expressed themselves in favor of making inoculation compulsory. A REMABKABLE explosion of gas lately occurred at the junction of Gertrude and Nicholson streets, Melbourne, by winch three men wero seriously injured, one of them so severely that be is not expected to live. A quantity of gas which had collected in an underground chamber in connexion with the Yan Yean water main was ignited by one of tile workmen striking a match in tbe chamber. IT is well known that tbe wines of Andalusia, Spain, are kept in bodegas (vaults or storehouses) above ground, open to tbe free circulation of its warm atmosphere. May it not be that this wine, kindred in quality to sherry, montilla and manzanillo, will ripen earlier and to greater perfection by the same treatment than by storing it in the German or French mode of cellars. If not already tried, it is certainly worth the experimen t. A CORRESPONDENT of the Cleveland Bay Express writes from Norman [own:—"Tbe blacks have committed another murder at tbo Norman, tho victim being a sailor belonging to llardie and Nelson's vessel. Tbe unfortunate man had been absent three or four days, and it was thought he had de serted, the vessel sailing without him before the murder was discovered. A day or two afterwards, his body was found a short distance from tbo toivn, with a spear through bis brain." WE (Tllarearra Mercury) were shown a sample of Spring wheat yesterday by Mr. Marceaux, oi' West Dapto, and which wns tbe second crop within tbo year. Mr. Marceaux states that lie sowed" some wheat in April last year, and that he re.apud tlio crop from tbo sat:io in November. At tbe time of reaping, a considerable quantity of grain bad shelled from th« ears upon two or three of tho lands, and, as an experiment, lie harrowed that part and enclosed it, and the result has been that ho lias reaped a second crop off it this month, being two crops of wheat off tbe same piece of land from April, 1870, to April, 1871. SCEPTICAL people believe that as this country is so nfew, and our ruins are so modern, veritable ghosts and ghostosses have nut yet been acclimatized. How mistaken is this opinion may be judged from the statement mailt) by tho Gan-ler Turns, that in tbe lively neighbourhood of Ouatreo Hill, quiet practical fanners aver their having seen a weird tandem team dash across roads and through fences, without finding that what are obstacles to ordinary horses and vehicles at all obstruct the progress of these light-bodied boasts and their shadowy trap. Where the team comes from or goes to, on what kind of ethereal oats and hay tbe nags are fed, way be worth ascertaining, and what can be tho object of these "gloamin" trips through an otherwise reputable district would form a good subject for enquiry. THE Mulwala correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes" Attention bus been directed iu this neighbourhood to the breeding of tbe Angora goat, and a successful speculation has been made by Mr Peltier; but to ronder this speculation safe, an alteration is required in the present Act. At present these valuable animals, should they stray on to other lands, may, by tbe existing laws, be shot or destroyed at tbe option of the owuers. The alteration required with respect to these animals is that tbey should be placed under the same protective laws as tbe sheep of tbe squatter—that is, whenever found straying, they should be impounded, and not slaughtered at tbe will of the occupier of the ground. This alteration would only require an amended and slight clause in the present Impounding Act. If new industries and sources, of increased commerce are to be encouraged, it is by tho increased facilities of free trade and the protection of property, and not by protective tuxes that this is to be done. As considerable attention has lately been directed to the producing of these animals, I trust these few hints will ba sufficient, together with your able assistance, to cause the requisite alteration in the present Impounding Act, that these valuable animals may not be ruthlessly slaughtered." LAST Thursday, about five o'clock in the afternoon, while milking was being proceeded with in Mr. Edward Gibson's stock-yard, -at Benares, near Avondale, one of-the cows was killed by lightning in a somewhat remarkable manner. There wero about eighty cows in tbo yard at the time, and strange to say, none oflhem Were injured excepting this one, which wile a very.valuable animal. A, thunderstorm passed prer Avondale jt tbe time'mentioned, andtfa vory vivid flash, of lightning struck bob of th« cows, killing her. on the spot,**'Althou£h none of the other cows were injured, it- is «fue evident they were all affected by tbe lightning, as every beast in the yard fell to the' ground instantaneously wfttjLtl^()pe_ that was killed. There' were no maifka', vilftile tin the cow that was struck, with th'5' eicsption of the hair on the whole of one side beibg burnt, as if severely scorched by fire. The electric shock was so great. at the time that the milking-sbed was felt to shake considerably by this force of it. It Eeems almost a unracle that every being and beast in the yard wero not kilted.—lUnimrra Meraay. 