HE NEWS OF TIIE DAY. A short mooting of tho Executivo Conncil was held yesterday, but tho business trans acted consisted ohiefly of somo formal ap pointments and transfers consequent npon tho promotion of Mr. Drury, ohiof clork at tho City Police Court, to the police magis tracy of tho colony. A very lengthy Cabinet mooting was held yesterday, the Ministers being engaged for several hours in considering the measures to be submitted to Parliament at the opening of the session. Several questions were dis- nnnfted. bnt nothinsr definito was arrived at. although it io understood that in all proba bility the Education' Bill will be tho first one brought forward. The case of his Honor Judge Smyth is still under the consideration of the Crown law officers, as are also the charges against Dr.- Mears, J.P., of Chewton, near Castle- maine, Lieut. -Colonel Sankey, R.E., who arrived by the mail steamer from Madras to inspect and report upon tho water supply scheme of tho colony, had an interview yesterday with the hon. Chief Secretary and the hon. Minister of Mines. Col. Sankey will at once outer upon his duties, and in a short tirae a report may be expected. It is understood that tho tender of Messrs. Styles, Murray and Co. for the construction of the second section of the North-Eastern lino will be finally accepted in tho oonrso of a day or so, their calculations of amounts having been cheeked by tho department and found correct. Tho total amount is £314,993 los. 34. The works will be at once com menced, and thus givo employment to a large number of men who aro at present duing nothing. Tho Government have no intention of al lowing tho Cerborus to remain in her present condition for any length of time, but prompt measures will be takon to put hqi m the condivion for which she Was bnilf, viz., that of harbor defence. She will bo hanlcd alongside tho Williamstown breakwater' pior to-day, nud the work of dismantling her'au'd removing hor tophamper will bo at once commenced. In a very short time therefore wo may expect to seo onr ironclad in her normal condition. Tho work of removing hor bulwarks and othor tophamper will bo carried out under tho supervision of Mr. J. U. Williamson, assisted by Mr. Thos. Camp bell, theso gontlcinen having como out from li'ngland for that purposo. A lotter lias been received by the mail from tho Agent-General, Mr. Verdon. in which ho states that holias notyet, purchased any arms or ammunition for tho colony, owing to tho exorbitant prices at present asked. It is hia intention to huv M/u-tini. Henry rifles as soon as ho oau possibly obtain them, but just now nono aro in tho markot, and tho manufacturers cannot supply the onlorB thoy havo alrendy received. Ho is of opinion, however, that tbe priob will deoiino eaeb month, so that tho delay will turn to the advantago of tho colony, by enabling him to purohaso cheaper than ho could before. Tho principal item of importanco contained in tbe despatches received by tho Govern ment by tho mail steamer, is tho decision of tho Judicial Committoo of tho I'rivy Council, in tho appeal caso of tho Speaker of tho Logislafcivo Assombly of Victoria v. Ilugb Glass. The decision is a vory longthy docu ment, conniBtiug of five pages of foolscap printed matter. The Judicial Committee be fore whom the appeal was heard consisted oi i.oiu uairns (president), Sir William Erie, Sir James Colville, tho Judgo of tho High Court of Admiralty, and Sir Josopli Napier. Tho judgment was delivered on 31st Jan- uai y, 1 87 1. Tho judgment statos that ' ' their lordships have hoard this caso vory fully argued, not from any doubt which, nt any period of tho argument, they entertained as to tho advico thoy should tender to her Ma jesty, but from the respect which they feel for tho court from whence tho ap peal proceeds." After recapitulating at somo length tho facts of tho case, tho judgment proceeds : — "Ono of tho most important privileges of the House df Com mons is that of committing for contempt, aud it has been previously ruled in this country that tho Commons nro tho proper judges of what is contempt, and to commit for that by a warrant stating generally of what character the contompt is. xneir lordships nro of opinion that tbo full privileges nnd powers of tho House of Commons havo beon trans ferred to tho colony ontiro, and that tho warrant iu this case followed tho posses sion of these privileges and powers, and is sufficient answer to tho writ of habeas corpus. Thoy therefore adviso that tho order of tho court of tho colony ho reversed. As thoy understand that power was allowed tho Speaker to appeal, ns tho question raised was ono of great importance, and no applica tion for costs having been mado by tho ap pellant, tlicy think that no order for costs should lio mado, tho point raised being one of public and genoral importance, and not merely a question botweon tho appellant aud respondent in the present caso." Tho appeal to tho Privy Council in tho ease of Gerald Henry Supple, ot prosont in tho Melbourne gaol, condemned to death for the murdor of John Walsh, iB likely to fall through from tho apathy evinced by his frionds, no funds boiDg provided to prosecute tho appeal, which is an exponsivo piece of businoss. When tho papers relating to the appeal woro. sent homo by Mr. Clayton, tho solicitor for tho prisoner, it was understood that tho necessary amount to pay disburse ments would ho at onco forthcoming. Such, howovcr, not boing tho case, in January last Mr. .Clayton wrote homo to his agent, in structing him to forward tho amount of expenses already inonrrnd, and to apply to tho Crown to assign tho appellant- counsel in forma pauperis, as ho had no funds with which to fee counsel on his own behalf. No reply has yet been rocoivcd to this lotter, but Mr. Clayton rccoivod a communication by tho mail stating that nothing bad been done in tho urosecution of the anneal. Tho cost of an appeal to tho Privy Counoil would be about £300. It is beyond a doubt (statos tho Qeclong Ad vertiser) that somo now and vory important ovidenco will bo brought out nt tho trial of Goary, for tlio Colac murdor. A . tailor, named Hill, residing at Colae, states that somo timo after Brookhouso disappeared, he wont to Geary's house and called him out. On leaving, Mrs. Geary, addressing her hus band, remarked, " Now, Paddy, don't be long, for I'm afraid of Brookhouso's ghost." Sheep, and ovon horso-stealing was a very coimmon offence at the timo when tho murder is supposed to liavo beou porpe- tratod. Paddy Goary had anything but an amiable notoriety in tho neighborhood, and ono of tho low rangen on tho border of Liko Colac bears to this d by tho significant name of " Phddy's look out. " Mr. Anderson, clerk of petty sooojons at Goelong, will relievo Mr. Drury, as ohiof clork at tho Citv Court this morniuc. and tho latter gentleman will at once proceed to Alexandra as police magistrate for tho dis trict, Li which arc included Jamieeon and Mary will c. The praotico of the- Victorian Government in sending to England for locomotive en gines, in lien of making them in the- colony, appoars to excito no- littlo astonishment iu tho minds of practical- mon at home, A pri vate lotter received by a gentlemaa in this city from tho chief foreman of tho work shops- at Nino El in 3, whore sevon. hundred handis aro employed on the engines of tho London and South- Western Railway, says : — "We make twslvo now ongiaes overy year,, and keep nearly threo hundred in re- pair. It appears to mo incredible that your colony has not manufactured for itself any new loco, engines. Surely there must bo a cause for it apart altogother from capability or skill." Tho Bengal was yosterday officially in spected, and having been reported on favor ably, was taken alongside the Railway Pior at Williamstown, anil tho immigrants sent on to the depot by ono oi the afternoon trains. Telegrams have beou received in Mel- bourne ny tne man, announcing me saio arrival at homo, per Btoacoer Great Britain, of Mr. Adam Burnes, tbe mauagor of tho Colonial Baulc. Mr. Burucs, it is stated, is much better in health, aud considerably benefited by the voynga John Nelson, tho second mate of tbo Bar- won, and fourteen of tho seauieu arrived yosterday by tho Rob Roy. Tlio former still persists iu his statement that tho steamer struck during a denso impenetrable fog. It is beliovod that thoro is a possibility of her being got of!', that tho purohasora of tho wreck will mako a good bargain. An offi cial inquiry will bo held into the causes of the wreck at tho Custom House, on Friduy. Tho case of Weir v. tho Borough Council is likoly to givo further employment to tho gentlemen of tho long robo. Last night a special mooting of tho Coilingwood Council was hold after tin ordinary meeting, when it was resolved to taso couusol'a opinion re garding appealing to tho Privy Counoil by tho borough council. Rumor ha3 it (remarks tho Geeiong Ad vcrliser) that in accordance with the old say ing that " Nono hut tho brave deserve the fair," tho gallant commander of tho Cerberus, whoso clovor management of tho unwieldy monster which ho lias succeeded in navigat ing on horporilous voyage to our harbor, is now in everybody's mouth, 13 shortly to re- ceive tho duo reward ot his gallantry and skill in the shape of tho hand of one of the daughters of a loading and wealthy member of tho Victorian Government. Tho leading and wealthy member of tha Ministry re ferred to is, we believo, the hon. tho Treasurer. Tho Victorian railway returns for tho wcok ending Oth April havo brought np the weekly avorago of tho railway receipts for 1871 nearly in ainouut to those of 1870. Tho actual earnings for tho week ending Oth April, 1871, amount to £12,803 8s. 94., while for a corresponding period in 1870 the earnings of the State railways wero only £11,005 9s. 3d. The aggregate earnings ou tho railways for 1870 wero £149,181 13s. 9d. for 1871 they are returned at £148,735 12a. 7d. The weekly average for fourteen weeks of 1871 is £10,623 193. 5(3. ; for 1870, during the samo period, it was £10,055 10s. Sd. . V osterday being tho last day upon which the railway excursion tiekots were available on tbe Government linos, there was a ge noral rush to tbe Spencer- street station dur ing tho afternoon, and it is not often that Buch an animated sight is presented. Tho trains for Ballarat and Sandhurst were much longer than usual, but evory carriage was fillod te its utmost possible limit. Both train,? were Btarted punctually to tirae, without tbo slightest mfskip taking pDCe Thoro\cnuR of tho department 9houd rR' ccive a substantial addition from theso er. cursion fares judging from tbo ni.ml.or havo travelled on tl.0 Government lines cfiUing tho past holidays. The following tenders wero dealt with at tho department of Lands yesterday — R0 pairs and other work at Industrial School ew 17' tfd?f "f,Jamcs 0v«"nd accepted, , . 1(k-; Wj the formation of pitched watej channel at Marino yard, Williamstown t bo ro-advertisod ; for supplying 18,000 split posts, aud tho samo number of rails, rife/red to tho Engincer-in-Chief for report. Tho chargo of perjury which „«si)0c» hanging over tho heads of constables Flan- nory and Keenan for tho last threo weeks was at length decided ycotorday. The chargo against Fiannery was tho only one proceeded with. Tho proccedin took up a largo portion of tho time of tho City . Court yosterday, and pro tracted tho sitting to an unusual length the court not rising until after half. past eight o'olook. A formidable array of wit nesses was marshalled for tho prosecution and their examination took up several hours' Upon tho ono point that Mr. Webb had n()t mado uso of tho Jangungo imputed to linn they were all agreed, . but iu other re spects their oviience was contradictory. In cross-examination savoral facts were elicited which materially damaged , tho caso for tho prosecution. For tho- . defence the jrincipal witness was Keenan, who gave his vorsion of tho matter ; and tu-n constables stated that they had been treated by Mr. AVobb in a similar manner on tho Sunday previous. In dismissing tbo esso some very pertinent remarks wore mado by Mr. Sturt respecting tho praotico of sending policomon to the publiotiouses on Sundaya for tho purpose of seeing if any trading was goihg on. Mr. Justico Molosworth delivered his de cision yesterday in Ronalds v. Duncan, a caso which wo mentioned, on tho occasion of tho hearing, as having excited considerable interest at Ballarat. Mr. Alfred Ronalds, a nurseryman in tho neighborhood of that city, died intestato, and his property thereby re verted to his oldest sou', Francis. There woro tea other children, and Francis Ronalds voluntarily executed a deed of settlement, under which ho divided tbo proporty equally with his mothor nnd nine of bin hrniWo . sistors, ono of tho latter, Mrs. Shauklin, being excluded as sufficiently provided for . already. The business was carried on for a timo by Francis Ronalds, nnd after wards by Duncan, tho defendant, with hia fatlior. Tho question in tho snit arose npon a couveyanco which had been executed from Francis Ronalds tb Duncan. Tho convoyance specified that Duncan had purchased all Ronalda'a interest in' tho nursery for £125, over nnd abovo tbo amount of tho mortgage. The question was whether Duncan has purchased only an eleventh share, or tho whole property. Ho admitted that ho had obtained a bargain iu tlio matter, and in fact ho subsequently parted with tbo pro perty to his father for £778. Bonalds maintained ihat he had only sold his eleventh share, and that tho understanding between himself and Duncan had been that tho latter would buy up oaoh of the othor shares Tho deed of settlement from Ronalds to tho various members of tho family had Mr. Do ward, solicitor, of Ballarat, for ono of its trustees, but he did not assist Ronalds in this suit, and was treatod as a hostilo party, being made a defendant, and charged iii the bill as aoting in collusion with Duncan. His Honor yestordny delivered a very elaborato written judgment, reviewing tho whole circumstances of tho caso in his usual painstaking maunor. Ho decided in favor of tho Ronalds family, declaring tho conveyance void, oxeopt a3 regarded Frauois Ronalda'a olevouth share ; but he acquitted Doward of tho chargo of fraud, although considering that ho had been careless. Tho Russian frigato Haydamack left tho Bay yestorday. Arat-ner (Ormiuanlo. deputation ot country potentates interviewed Mr. Wilson, Com missioner of Roads nnd Bridges, yesterday. Amongst them wero tho mayor of Cnris- brook (Mr. Medway), tho mayor of Mary borough (Mr. (Jasoy), Or. Taylor 'of that borongli, and tho' president of tho ohiro of Tullaroop (Mr. Kirwgp). Thoy . woro introduced by Mhssrs. Gillies and B. G. Davies) M.L. A.'s.,' and their object was, chiefly, to get more as sistance from the Government for tho repair of tho damages caused by tho recont floodB to tho bridge over tho main road at Caris- brook than has y ot been promised them. It appoars that tho Government engineer and the Tullaroopshiro engineer -differed in opinion a« to tho amount necessary to repair tho damages. Tho Commissioner pro mised that the Government engineer should have another consultation with tho shiro engineer, and whatever amount thoy agreed on as nocessary the Government would, aa nsuol. mve half. The Rnbiect of Joy co's-bridgo, on tho name main road, was also mooted, aud tho Commissioner promised that the Government engineer should also, visit it, aud if there was any monoy to sparo out of tho £40,00® voted for tho repair of flood damages, tho bridgo in question would havo a share. A meoting of tho committee of tho Short Hours League was held at tho Trades Hall laBt night, tho business being confined to tho mailing of arrangements with roferencs to tho forthcoming demonstration. At the Globo Hotel yestorday morning a young man named Charles Rigg committed suicide by taking a dose of laudanum. He usually resided in Carlton, but was in tbe habit when stopping in town of going to this hotol. Ho went there on Tuesday evening, and did not ro'ire to bed till threo o'clock tho next morning, when ho had to bo assisted to hi3 room, having partaken very freely of liquor. For somo tiino past ho has boon in dulging in excessive drinking, notwithstand ing the remonstrances of his friends. Yes terday morning, botweon eight and uins o'clock, a gentleman went to tho hotel and asked to see Mr. Rigg. Ho was shown up to his room, but being unable to wake tne deceased, no Decame ainrmou, and told the barman of tho circumstance. A doctor was sont for, and in a short time , Drs. Bird and Fisher attended. Upon j the wasbBtand in tbo room , was found a j bottlo' of laudanum, about- one-third fall, j and also a bottlo of brandy. From this it j was thought that the deceased had taken j laudanum, and the stomach-pump was ap- j plied, but without nny good effoot, the man | dying shortly aftorwards. Rigg was a yonng | man, unmarried, and was omployed as a clerk 3 at Messrs. Briscoo and Sons, ironmongers, j Collins-street. An inquest was held yes- I terday by Dr. Y'oul, and a verdict was re- j turned that tho decenaed had committed j snicido by taking laudanum while iu a stata I of. temporary insanity. | Tho Ballarat Evening Mail learns that t o J statement made to the effect that Mr. C. b. 1 Jones is about to leavo for Californ'a with a I view of settling there is untrno ; tho object J of its circulation appears to bo to damage 1 tho testimonial to be presented to that gen- 1 tleman. 1 The total receipts of tho Easter fair, at 9 Sandhurst, woro £2790 13s. Gil. V Thp bcue- 9 volout institutions of tho district will bo 9 considerably the gainer. _ _ I A deputation of property-holders oi North Mclbourae, introduced by Messrs. Burtt and Curtain, M.L.A.'s, waited on tho President of tho Board of Land nnd Works yesieruaj. in connection with tho market reserves on tho Flcmington-road. A member of tno deputation read tho following manifesto " In consequenco of tho neglected condition of the large reserves lying between tne Flemington and Sydney roads, held by tne city corporation for market purposes, In residents and owners of proporty m tne neighborhood, nt a numerously „ meeting held at the Junction Hotc- 28th March, appointed n deputation to wa is a upon tho Minister of Lands to task the to- lowing questions : Upon what conditions and terms tho city corporation hold these re serves? Has the Government power to 2 cause any Buch conditions to bo carried ou t . Should the city corporation fail or declino to carry out auy such conditions, can tho vernment take possession of the land, ah sell it by public auction fr V" ?hBt tha poses? Tho deputation understand that th reserves consist of about fifteen aer , or thereby, of valuable laud. £ horBO market was held on one p" tion of the reserve somo years ag , but after two or three sales it has been m continued over sinco, Tho fencmg iB ' dilapidated stats, rubbish is deposited up portions of thq reserve, andto thierirg_ area of wast land lying just on th dary of te city, much of the dvstvCuoa n, over it from the north is to bo at- t-T, From those causes the inhabitants sfr-rE'S!:, stated that the plans prepared W5 »i,« authority of that council, and sub-- »n the President soino six monthB ® 4ith respect to the ntilisation of these jjjo, with Pq ftbout. to bo cftrrlcA out. £'5 ' proposed provided for letting the TllC8j inl on building leases, not for tho Action of buildings by tho oouncil itself. C leases would be for twenty-one years, believed that before long some substan- Ed warehouses would bo erected on the Zl asweV , cattle and hay markets. President expressed an opinion that . if , j.ns rpferrci! to wore carritsu uu«, rni.es for which tho ground was set apart Purf! , j fulfilled. Tho deputation then W?tadrowon tho nndorstandiug that tho city fnoSuVeuld endeavor to carry out its system without delay. _ The ordinary weekly moeting of tho com- MC0 of tho Alfred Hospital was held yes- SrdaV. Pr0Eeut : MeSSr8' ®.01'V10 tho h.irl Alston, Thomson, Nitnmo, Fraser, trm soo and Rolfo. The sum of £37 15s. was reported by tho finance committee as the amount of subscriptions received during tSo month of April. Tho balance m the bank according to the pass-book was £jGS jfi, 4d The report of tho secretary showed that there wero eight in-patients, and that there had beou treated during tho week rinstv-firo out-pationts and casualties. A aMECStiou that a sheU and dead cart should syjsB i r iir irrvinf he omviaou ior mu bodies from tho wards to tho dead-house was reforro l to tho furnishing committee. The advisability of putting a second door to the Jead- hunso was loft for the consideration of the building and medical committees. A letter from Sir James M'Culloch was re solved, expressing hiR willingness to lond his natrons "o towards the bonofit to bo given iu tho Theatre Royal for tho Alfred Hospital. A deputation from Maryborough, con sisting «f the mayor of that borough and Or. Cooper, was introduced to tho lion. Mr. Mackay yesterday, by Mr. Gillies, M.L. A., to ask for an increase in tho sum granted to thim for repairs to the dam iu the water reserve. It appoarod that some timo since an application for a grant was made, as tho dam had hoen handed over to tliom in a bad state. Captain Uuuclnnan, otnct min ing sur veyor, was sont to sur voy tho spot, and ho reported that £-130 would bo noces- sary to put tho work in proper ropair, and this amount was granted by tho Minister. Tho borough council, however, oxpondod £G89 «n tho work, and tho deputation now wished f„, „n additional grant of £259. Mr. Mackay hold out no hope of thoir request boiug —anted, as it would establish a bad pre- «ed"nt. He' however promisod if a de tailed account of tho expenditure was sent ;a t0 the department to tako tho inattor into consideration. 'lamo of various kinds is very abundant (.ays tho Gcelong Advertiser) in thenoighbor- hood of Colao and Birregurra, andothor parts of tho Wostern district at present. Some of tho water holes and lagoons botween tho plocos referred to aro literally swarming , with teal and ducks. Notwithstanding tho destruction dealt among tho rabbits in tho '. vioinity of the Warrion Hills, both owing to tllO means auoptcu lur uuuur uxwrpauuu, wuti tho heavy floods of last season, tlioy aro stated by the residents to bo as plentiful now as they wcro tvolvo months ago. A dinner was givou in tho Oddfol- Iowa' Hall, Williamstown, last even- ing, to Mr. Thos. Mason, ox-member for that borough. Tho usual loyal and other toasts wore dnrak with enthusiasm. Tho ohatrman (Dr. Maclean) proposed tho toast of tho guest of the ovening, nnd Mr. Mason, iu replying, expressed tho intention ' of oxertiug himsolf whilo out of tho Houso en behalf of tho district, and of again seeking parliamentary honors on some future occasion. JLhoro woro about litty \- people present. John Connor, a tailor, who was arrested en a charge of having violently assaulted . David Beswick. at the East Molbonrno Hotel on Thursday last, was again brought heforo tho City Court yesterday. Boswick had died on .Sunday from injuries to his head, and an inquest was held on Tuesday on the The ovidenco showed that tho assault committed by Connor had been of a very mild character, and had been provoked by the deceased. A verdict was returned that there was nothing to show how tho in jury had been iuflicted, and tho police there fore withdrew tho charge against Connor yesterday, who was accordingly dismissed. An unfortunato accident occurred (re marks tho BaUarat Courier, 12th April) yes terday during the sports on tho Eastorn OvaL Amongst tho youngsters crowding tho vicinity of tho tent in whioh were being exhibited Chang and the two dwarfs, Tom aged twelvo yoars. She, like tho others, was peering through ono of the apertures in tho tent, whou Tom Thumb, whether in sport or downright viciousness did not ap pear, pierc3d her oyo with tho point of a penknife, penotratiug tlia cornea, aud leav ing vory littlo hope of hor oscaping ulti mate bhndness. Another accident occurred by Mr. Kuuckoy, Chang's agent, nnd two gentlomon being thrown from a buggy on the ground, but fortunately they escaped injury; the shaft of tho vehicle, however, was 'smashed. An inquest.wr.s held yestorday at Fyans- ford, Geelong, ou tho body of the youth, tho particulars of whose mysterious death by drowning we published yesterday, g It ap peared from the ovidenco that docea'tod was named Houry Murphy, that he was not quito seventeen years old, and was an ap prentice to a carpenter. Ho had been in the habit of stopping out late at night and keep ing bad company, aud on the night of the 27th of March ho camo home about oloven o'clock, when his mother chastiuod him. Ho then left, and wa3 never soon after until his body was found in the Bar won, as pre viously do3cribod. A verdict of temporary insanity was retnrnod. Thero was a very large block of appa- vfliifr.W finr. A/tn.1 nn viaw nnnr t.Virt nnrnfip nf Bourko and Elizabeth streets yesterday. It was from the Kilcunda coal mine, lately opened up in Wostern Port by Messrs. Walsh and M'Carthy. The latter gentle man states that tho Government have pro mised to purchase coal from tho mine it it is found suitable for their requirements. A yeung man named Edwin Coonan was charged at the City Court yesterday, -with a breach of the railway by-laws. Ho had been at the Windsor station on the Mel bourne aud Hobson's Bay Railway Com pany's lino on tho previous day, and being rather late for tho train, whioh was just moving away from the station, ho made an attempt to get through the window of ono of tho carriages. Ho was prevented, and was taken into custody. Ho pleaded as an ex cuse that ho had come from tho wilds be yond Ballarnt, and was unaccustomod to travelling by rail. Ho was fined 5b. as a -vauviuu io mm suae no siiuum get into a car riage by tho proper way anothor timo. The economy of the Chinese, in scrupu lously utilising nightsoil, is vory praise worthy ; but, since they aro utter strangers to the arts of deodorisalion, it iB more grati fying to read about tho operations in their native country than to havo them performed in a field adjoining one's house. Some of the residents of Richmond, in tho neighborhood of thoso admirably managed Chinese gardens, havo lately besu subject to annoyance. Yesterday Messrs. Sam Ap Joon and Ah Young, market gardeners, woro summoned to tho local police court for creating a public nuisance. The bench fined them each 20s. and 10a. Gd. costs, as also 20s. and 10s. Gd. coats for tho ofl'onsive condition of their watorelosots. Tr- committee of the Melbourne and Suburbs, „ City Mission held their monthly meeting ri tho Presbyterian Hall on Tucs- \--j iv. was reported, mas sue special col lector had commenced his cauvasa and se cured a few pounds towards tho doficioncy in the funds. It was resolved that a public meeting and conference of tho subscribers and friends of the mission bo held on Thurs day, the 20tli prox. , with a view to awaken an increased interest in, nnd to securo a per manent income to sustain the operations of the society. Mr. Sturt requests us to acknowledge the receipt of 4s. Gd., the amount of trespass ices at Eltham, sent as a donation to tho Two unhappy victims of drink were brought up at the Richmond court yester- day, George Staniland and James Scholefield, the former charged with attempting to drown himself in the Yarra, the latter with taking up a loaded pistol and threatening to kill his wife. Both men had been remanded from last Wednesday, because they were then suffering from the effects of drink. Yesterday they came up in their right minds, and were discharged with a caution. Messrs. T. mpleton and Bosisto sat yester day as tho Richmond licensing bench. Dr. Mackay appeared on behalf of Henry Hodg son, wbvso application for a licence for the Newmarket Hotel had been refused on ac count of want of accommodation, and asked that tho matter might bo re-opened ; but tho bench considered that tho act did not war rant them in acceding to the request. . An inquest was held at tho Gcolong gaol yesterday on tho body of John Harris, a lunatic, who died from old ago and cxliaus- tion in tuat recepiacio wr iuo meum, uti Majesty's gaol. Harris had been a farmer at Point Henry, but had mortgaged his pro perty, and beiiig unable to work eventually lost it. This proved upon his mind aud caused insanity. Tho old man, seventy-five years of ago, had been a hard working man for three Bcoro years. A verdict of death by debility and old ago waB returned. Harris was admitted to the Goelong gaol on tho 24th of April, having been romanded for inodical examination. The two young girls who gave the names of Ellon Green and Margaret Thompson, and tho boy Henry U. M 'Donald, who were ar rested for disorderly conduct in tho Fitzroy Gardens on tho evening of Good Friday, were brought up on remand at the City Court yesterday. The case had been ad journed in order that tho parents of tlio i «i i . i. _ I 4- fnntirflvrl inn iklan cnuaren iuignt uo ur«»uK"i» . that inquiries might be made about tneir habits. Detective O'Callaghan stated that he had found tho two fiirls about a weolt ago iu a house of ill-fame in Napicr-.stroet, Col- lingwood, kept by a Mrs. Shephard. They stated that they wero employed in service there, but their conduct was Bpoken of by tho neighbors as disgraceful. Tho father of the girl Greou and tho mother of Mar- garefc Thompson said that they wero not aware of tho character of tho houso where thoir daughters wore, and that they removed them as soon as they heard of it. They wore unable to control their children, who wero very unruly, and the names given by them wero false. Tho boy M 'Donald was apprenticed to a bruslimakev, but ho had latoly deserted his employment, and was described by his master as a very trouble- some boy. Ho was sont to the traiuing snip for twelvo months, and tho girls to tho Re formatory at Stinbury for two years each. In consequence of tho Polytechnic Hall being cngagod this evening, Mr. Barlow will not appear. Tub entries for tho Eight Hours Anniversary Sports closo on to-day, at nino o'clock, at tho Trades Hall. Tue annual general meeting of tho Albert Park Football Club will bo bold in the National School room, Clarondon-street, Emcrald-liill, on Satur day evening, at eight o'clock, for tho election of office-bearers, Ac. To-night tho Rov. J- O'Malloy will lecture at the Polytechnic Hail in aid of the building fund of St. Augustiuo'a Church. Tho subject of the lecturo will bo Noah's Ark : Coicnso's diffi culties explained. Tho Rev. G. V. Barry will preside. From Mr. George Robertson wo havo to ac knowledge tho receipt of London Socioty and its rival. English Socioty. The latter is following woll in tho wako of its leader with the stylo of engravings peculiar to botii journals, but tho older journal still takes tho load. A very artistic picture in colors of H.R.H. tbe Princess Loniso and tho Marquis of Lorn has been received by this mail by Messrs. Charlwood and Son. Tho young couplo aro depicted arm in mm, tho Princess in walking costumo and tho Marquis in tho full dress of the elan Argyle. Ab portraits thoy aro said to bo faithful to tho lifo, and tho stylo of art in which tho picture is executed is most rocherclio. It is mounted on cardboard, enriched with a narrow gilt border, and will make a beautiful addition to tho photo graphic album. 