" " " - 'l ' THE "BUS" PAPERS. . . „ -' . No, l am not. I am not going to wish any body a meny ChristmaB. I don't see why I Ihould.i > Ihdte received no presents ! A goose, nMontase unknown, bus not been loft at my door. I hove not bean asked by a laSfge circle of affec tionate -relatives tocome and eat my Christmas padding. My food aid my liquor .have been eaten andimbibed at iny own expen#e, and my soul is all gaU imd lHtteEnees ; yetftoy should a hanpter of public conveyances, a traveller on life's high- ayf grombte .and repine because there is not a tjotoforfiaWe hostel at every mile on my road ? have dropped into, many sUoh on my -way, aye; ami iived merrilj fcbereini Cakes and ale have sometimes fallen to my -lot, and, -truth to say, "ginger has been hot i- the mOuth." Why then should I sit down and mourn because my Christmas festivities are not as of old? I retract my assertion 5 I look out from the nearest window of the rolling omnibus, and I wish " a merry Christmas to everyone! '—yes, to eveiyone, man, woman, and ebild, do I wish the compli- ments of the season. How did I spend the day myself ? Well, tinder ordinary circumstances one Wouldn't tell ; but as I wasrso unfestively ill- tempered at the commencement I . don't mind doing to now. I passed the day metaphysically, and I am afraid that in consequence of the extreme: mental exertion, I shall have to pass about a week physically without the "meta." Not unknown to me already is the taste of blue pill, the word colicynth has been uttered in my hearing, and I have not struck the speaker. -I was much struck—" meta" again— by the reports of the Chief Secretary's speeohat the Ballarat banquet, and especially by that portion of it in which- C. G. D. gave his reasons for taking Vale to his political bosom, ffow, I We always pitied the Chief in this matter. Poor old Abraham was called upon, doubtless, in the course of his duly, to admit a good number of very undesirable persons into that receptacle for the otherwise destitute, but, as yet, he has been spared Vale. Mr. Duffy has not. He has had to take him in, manners and all, and to button his waistcoat over him into the bargain. Deeply, then, did I pity Mr. Duffy, and I read his speech with-tbe most charitable desire to find out why he took Mr.. Vale. So I took unto myself a kindred spirit and a copy 6l fhe Jbaily telegraph, and went- out into the Botitudes of the Survey paddock to read the utterances - of Duffy, and ponder thereon. We bad a bar some liquid refreshments with us — to mark the full stops, as my companion said. We read the speech over several times. It had more full stops in it than any speech I ever read j so many, that at: last'we were obliged to count the commas by way of a J change, with an extra drink for the semi-cobns. I forget, too, how- many visits my comrade paid to a neighbouring hostelrie to procure "further punctuation. But it was no good. We made., nothing of the speech whatever, although we devoted the whole of Christmas Day to its con sideration. I have some idea that towards the end of the day I took to praying— there were no perceptible knees left to iny trousers when I got faomvMrat the1 gods were unpropitioue, and even noWj.afier ihore punctuation, and more careful trading, I haven't theramotest idea " why he took : . " There is considerable method In that fellow's msdnees," reEuarked a fellow-wayfarer the other tlgy, aproposotl&t.; Tyerman. " I don't quite like the spirit of- the -letter-writer, in the Sandhurst paper whogoes into the details of Mr. Tyerman'a New Zealand career, , but I think that spiritist speculator Is bound to say something with regard te it. Certain people in the nineteenth century are ready enpngh to swallow miracles of all sorts, but there 4s a little evidence required as to the eharaotercfthe claimants to miraclepo wer. One bee every pity for Mr. Tyerman if he really has been sO- Jiufortanate, but , the frequent changes of : religieusopinion sqaroely make him out a fit guide for 4cnoertainly not at the rate of £300. One must wishj lioweyer, (hat some , sensible, un prejudiced, fruitful pi an - would, take spiritism in hand,for lay-reader is not toe : only-man wboseintellecta have pps astray over it.; StigeSug&\Meharoleh Well-driven Cas sias! Wea rrioedinTarpria! By ihe helmet of ' Man, a goottTherethe Falernian, boy. aye, ££<£» ttyde ,Ebljine. Dry an# thirety am 1, and welcome wouldbe the shade or . Said qupt cutrqjp. l ifr toot>Qnp iysd<rer reemWdrar old Horace wUhpleasant memories One V fowre canibgs to think pf in connection gritb foS lift than soy other author, and cherishes his memojy accordingly. -JStor this reaeon l wended my w£y " gladly foe other day to the Soman sports, gih by <he Nari6nrf Agricultfoal taaspl IfoMMafitiiawoipift toppodrame,frfiaee plsraapt, doulleihirilmeBofsh't like it in e's f i i lalMbeWigp, far Urere wsiitU»imoi£l» $ bchadthe ofoer ; fog, ; amasemente one gets foiirty. Rem iny gentle Americans 5 pondcrpver itje ridere of sixteen bare-backed steed accordingly. The idea ia ppe #f toe best yet introduced into Melbourne, butit wantsproperly carrying out, . £ If you hove any sense, George de Coppiri. keap quiet. Take, credit for charity, but don't inflate too food a trumpet. We all know yon mean well. We all admit that your, accounts in con nection with any performance for a charitable purpose have always been rendered: speedily and satisfactorily $ but don't crow too much about it You can play the Artful Dodger fo well some times — you know you can. Best, perturbed spirit, rest, or you will find some day that ( the ghost will cease to walk." . . L It appears to be the fashion just how to go to bed in a strange fashion. The correct thing apparently— very apparently — is to wish your friends good-night, and undress by degrees - ul fresco on yeur road home. Leave your coat at one place, your trousers at another, etc.", etc., until you ore in a Paradisiacal costume, and then, having slid a visiting-card into the letter-box of the resident Baptist minister, call at the lock-up, and mention that yon are what Dick Swiveller called » miserable orphan. Being houseless, you will be taken in, and being naked, your clothing will be carried out by degrees during the follow ing week. There may be inconvenience abuut j the thing, but there is a departure in it from the mere humdrum toilet-making of ordinary life, which cannot fail to be interesting to adventurous minds. The idea only wants being carried out well to he perfection. Broad daylight and a Sunday afternoon, and the most eager sensa tionalist will be satisfied. . You will be sorry to hear that I did not see the eslipse. I took a boat, two friends, three pieces of smoked glass — hollow, with liquid inside them j — and went to the Heads. We -saw nothing there; but when we returned we .saw twice as much. Curious illustration of the solar theory. .. 'BUS. 