MICHIE FREE'S HYMN. I'LL to the voters throw a bait That they are sure to bite; They still believe that I am great, And girt around with might; Though Ballarat, and Gipps Land, too, Both spurned me with disdain, The Central Province owns but few Old women of my grain. So I may win the seat with ease, My chance no one can tell— Of late my blue bag and my fees Have a consumptive smell, And even I myself am frail And somewhat out of joint— Although a joint in JAMIE'S tail, I'm farthest from the point. Learned members in the Lower House Have too much active life, And I can't face them there at all, Or join their party strife; Thes Council is a dull retreat, And I opine it's best, That I should strive to get a seat In that slow haven of rest. There, while M'Cullochism holds Its sway in this fair land, I will be shielded from glib scolds, And paid with liberal hand; Should the Chief Justice take a fit To die, or yet resign, I on the judgment seat shall sit, And his large screw be mine. My politics for many years Have led me a wild dance, Though I have sued for votes with tears, Whene'er there was a chance; Young mouthlings with the greatest ease Have beat me every time, And though I did my best to please, My views were held a crime. So why should I endeavour now To strive against my fate—, Has time not wrinkled my pale brow, And made me look sedate? So for the Council I shall go; Should I elected be There will enough of dullness flow To match and comfort me. It now remains for my good friends To rush up to the poll, As all my future hope depends On voters on the roll; My life is in the balance laid, And I with patience wait To know how long I shall be paid, If voters take my bait. May NIXON'S ghost no more arise To haunt me in my sleep; And JAMES, too, will be acting wise Should he my secret keep; And I shall serve out WALSH, as I Served NIXON long before, For should he pest me by-and- by, I'll drive him from my door. There is no sight I hate so much As seeing men arise— I shudder at their clammy touch And shun their peering eyes; Yet NIXON'S ghost still stalks about, Upbraiding me with sin, It swears he'll let the secret out If he don't get the "tin." 