THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Proghessiox.— Mr. Henry Harper mado personal application this morning to the Hoard of Lands and Works, for leave to erect a terrace of houses on section D, allotment 4, in the lloyal Park. This land, which faces rno hyuncy-roau, about a quarter of a mile on the west side of the Sarah Sands hotel, was purchased from the Crown, subject to tho decision of tho Board of Lnnds and Works, as to tho character of the buildings, which should be erected thereon. Mr. Harper sub mitted a plan of the houses proposed to be erected. Of these, there will bo four, each containing six rooms and other conveniences, and if tlie buildings look as well when com pleted, as they do on paper, they will present rather an elegant appearance. Tho applica tion of Mr. Harper was granted, on tho un derstanding that the outer walls were to ho of a specified thickness. Mr. James Lee, of Chetwynd-streot, North Melbonrnc, is the architect for the new terrace., A Reign or Terror. — Prom information we_ have received, we aro very much of tho opinion that not a few householders in Vic toria Parade, Fitzroy, are kept in a con tinual state of anxiety nnd alarm. We have been assured that scarcely a night passeB without one thing or another being pur loined by thievish hands from tho neighbour hood in question, and it is the most unsafe thing possible to leave a single article out side the houses of a night-time. The perpe trators of these thefts aro strongly suspected to belong to a very select association known as tho "Granite Gang," mado up of Homo twenty or thirty per sons of both sexes, all of whom aro actuated by tho same villainous propensity for hearing off any property which may como in their way, and to which they have, of course, not tho slightest claim. Linen left on linc3 is regarded by this mob as legal prey ; and safes, enclosing articles of diet, delicate or substantial, cooked or uncooked, aro anything but safo from the tribo of de predators. On Saturday night lost a cruel robbery was committed, by which a family was deprived of their Sunday dinner, and around which fond anticipations hoverod, for that dinner was to consist partially of a dolieato leg of pork, warranted dairy fed— that leg wa3 walked off together with a splendid turkey, whioh was penned up, and being fed to tho acino of plumpness, for tho next but one Sunday's midday mcaL Secure over night, in tho morning they had vanished, and great was tho tribulation in consequence, From observations taken, it soems that a-girl must have boon lifted over the gate, for footsteps, evidently those of a female, were traced down tho garden walk, which led to the yard, in 'which a safo, con taining tho stolen goods'; was placed. As wo have said before, this kind of potty larcony is continually being committed. Wo aro assured that tho poiico aro on tho alort. To be despoiled of pork is bad onoitgb, hut when it comes to turkey, suroly theso samo poiico will bo doubly vigilant. The Cerberus.— Tho dismantling of tho ironclad Cerberus is boing pushed ahead under tho direction of tho successful ten derer for that work, Captain Doano of tho floating dock, his tender for dismantling and fitting up the Cerberus being tho lowest of thoBo Bent in to the tondor board. If wo aro not misinformed, the amount of Captain Dcano's tender was £1125, with an addi tional sum of £100 for extras. Wo have bcon given to understand that there was some mistake in a statement which went tho rounds, to thcjeffect that tho proper deposit, did not accompany this tender in legal form. Si-ring and Autumn. — Ross v. Ross was a snit heard iu the East Collingwood poiico oflico to-day, in which a young girl not yet seventeen years of ago sought to hnvo her husband a man between forty and fifty years of age, bound over to keep tho peace. Mr. F. Stephen appeared for the defonce, The complainant mado lior own statement in tho witness-box, but showed no reason why lior application should be granted. In cross- examination the girl stated that sho had had a child of which Captain Prydo was tho father, boforo her marringe with tho defend ant. Mr. Stephen explained that tho do- fondant wai a master baker, and being illiterate, married the complninant, who had received a good education, in order that ho might have some one who would take an interest in his business, and keep his accounts, hut she, ho believed, was being influenced by other persons who woro tho principal canso of her misunderstandings with her husband, to whom sho was married a few months ago. Tho girl on Sunday evening, ho remarked, called for a knife to cut her throat, but tho complainant denied that she had any intention whatever of in juring herself. When Sir. Ross married hor he told her ho would never mention her early error, and had never done bo till now. He sent her money to bring her homo from a Mr. Do Laey's, where sho was stopping, hut sho refused to come. Tho bench expressed their opinion that the complainant had no ground for her application, and dismissed tho ease. Police Court Squabblers. — At the Erst Collingwood police office this morning, Philip Eisenmonger was brought up on remand, in custody of Detective O'Callaghan, charged with perjury, but the case was farther re manded for a week, along with several others in which the Eisenmonger3, Wilkses, Fos ters, &c.;, aro concerned. Contempt of Court. — A man named Cameron Do Lacy was sent to tho look-up for six hours, at tho East Collingwood Conrt to-day, for contempt of court, by speaking disrespectfully to tho bench, after being admonished for communicating with a wit ness whilo in the box, and sitting in the lawyers' seat in court. Before tho court rose, however, ho was ordered to bo brought in, and having apologised, was dismissed. He would be Locked-up.— A respectable- looking individual named Francis Ivolly, landlord of the Britannia hotel, Swauston- street, was locked- up to-day, under tho following circumstances : — Ho went into tho Maritime Company's office, and had a dis- pnto with Mr. Pilley, who ordered him to leave tho promises. He declined, and was given into the custody of a constable. When he was taken to the watchhousc he insisted upon being incarcerated, and refused to leave, though Mr. Pilley said he would withdraw tho charge if Kelly promised to keep away from tho office. Smith v. Anderson. — We understand that a detailed report has been furnished to tho Government as to tho action taken by tho police in tho notorious caso in which Colonel Anderson's name has of late figured, The whole of the documents, we believe, have been obtained in order that the matter may be thoroughly sifted. A Nocturnal Visitor. — Thomas Edward Jone3 was brought up at the East Colling wood court this morning, in custody of Constable M'Alinn, charged with being on the premises of Thomas Hollnnd, landlord of tho Lancashire Arms hotel, Yarra-street, at 3.30 a.m. on the Cth inst. Tho prosecutor deposed that ho heard tho dogs in his yard barking, and on looking out of tho wiudow saw tho prisoner stooping at his fowlhouse door. Rushed into the yard, and found tho accused running towards the gate. Tho prisoner said, "I was watching a man who ran round the other side of tho house; if you ran you will cateh him." Prosecutor declined to let tho prisoner go, when the latter used threats towards him. He then made 'a rush nnd got off tho premises, running as far as Park-street, whero another scuffle ensued. Prisoner succeeded in getting off again, but was once more captured, knocked down, and Beeured, by prosecutor's brother and another person till the constable came up. The accused flourished a knife while giving forth threats to exposo the "guts" of the prosecutor. An axe, a coat, and a "billy," all besmeared with blood, wero found by tho side of tho prosecutor's gate, hut the prisoner denied that they wore his. The bench sentonoed tho prisoner to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. St. Patrick's Society. — Wo understand that it is not the intention of Mr. S. V. Wintor to resign tho secretaryship of tho society, and that he will bo induced to with draw his resignation andoontinuo to discharge tho duties at the reduced salary of £50 a year, as fixed by tho committee. _ Gntlemen Bailiffs. — In an action of ejectment,' tried at the County Court, this morning, jt was contended by counsel that an affidavit of service by Mr. Frank Madden, as solicitor in the affidavit, but n3 clerk to his father, Mr. Madden, of Chancery-lane, as he acknowledged to Mr. Fisher in cross- examination, was radically had, A bailiff of the cpurt might as reasonably be expectod to do an attorney's business, and be recognised in that capacity, as might a solicitor dis charge tho functions of a bailiff, who, as counsel contended, must live as otlior men, by the exercise of thoir calling. Lecture by the Rev. J. \V. Inglis. — A lecture of a more than usually interesting and instructive charactor, was delivered last evening by the Rev. J. W. Inglis, at tho John Knox Church, to an audienco consisting of upwards of five hundred, whose attention was sustained throughout. Tho lecturer choso for his subject, "An Evouing with Old Friends," and illustrated it most forcibly, and in a strain of happy eloquence, onlivened by much humor. He made somo well timed and well ' received allu sions to local circumstances, and tho pre sence of the Hon. Sir James M'Calloeh, who officiated as chairman on tho occasion, afforded an opportunity, which was taken advantago of with both skill and taste, for pleasantries, which were effective enough. Sir James, in his own way, took occasion to return some of these, in acknowledging the vote of thanks which tho lecturer proposed to him. Wo should have been glad to give somo detailed account of Mr. Inglis' lecture, but wo accept the hint he gave, that it might be delivered elsewhere, and think it would bo unfair both to him and to those who may hereafter havo tho opportunity of listening to it, to do so, and thus anticipate, and partly destroy their pleasure. We havo a further motive for rofraining, from the lec turer's intimation that the present and other lectures might, at no distant day, bo given to tho world in tho form of a volume. This hint wo gladly take as a promise, and shall look forward with pleasure to tho issue of the work. Poultry Society. — An adjourned mooting of the membors of tho Victorian Poultry took place last evening at Grimwood's hotel, Elizabeth-strcot. The meeting bad been called for tho pnrposo of receiving the report of tho gentlemen who had been appointed to obtain tho books of tho society, and a statomont of accounts from Mr. Pnrvos tl.» secretary. A letter was received from th„. gentlemen to tho following effect 0 tlcmen,— Your auditors, according to yo,re instructions, called upon tho late Eccrol , and received tho books, nnd also a statnm yl that ho held about £12 of tho socSs money ; hut wo must request a little timo ta make up the books and prepare a balance shoot-say three days, and by that time think wo shall bo able to balance accounts." It was mentioned that M. Purves was desirous of having tho books £ order that ho might put tlicin straight ti, hooks woro oponod for examination'- w after somo conversation, it was agreed t hand thorn back to Mr. Pnrvcs, hut the wero to bo returned properly adjusted on S.iTd.0V"""8 """ "UJ "» »<%! for tho wook ending 4th May, to bo-P 3 %nr3'JS? 13 2i,; gou?s and mineral!" £GoSG bs lid > cattlo and sundries -l 17s ; total, £11,114 7s Id. Tho aggTeS receipts to dato for 1S71 are given £193,133 3s 2d; and tho weekly av"a3 fl0'J2? 12. 4d For the eorLpSjt' week m 18/0 tho receipts of tho l< amounted to £11,0G0 4s lid ; the a-mrer,'" sum taken to dato for the year, £11 0Gu' lid ; and the wooltly average, £10 Sl<> r., On tho M. and H. B. Railway CommVj' linos tho traffic for tho wook endim. May was £3681 3s lOd; tho aggregate ' coipts to dato £47,496 17s 8d'- andr" weekly average, £2GS1 5s Gd. For 1S70 th week's receipts woro £3547 7s 2d ; the le gato to date, £50,398 16s lid . n»d n, weekly average, £1822 6s lOd. Stealing Onuji.— Four oases of 0I):„,n were stolen from Tealo's bouded stor William-street, yesterday morning " jri ' proporty was stolon by removing a nortiie of tho roof of tho storo. . Tho loss is valued at £500, and falls upon Mr. John do Pass OAKLEiaiiCouRT-NousiL — Tlie foundation of tho court-houso to be orected at OakleieL was laid yesterday by Mr. L. L. Smith h! the presence of a numorous concourse nf people, including inhabitants of Oakland, and visitors from outlying districts. If Smith wns presented with a vcrv hnmii,.!. silver trowel, by Mr . Torden (chairm tho bench of jnagistrates), who opened the proceedings, and tho stono was laid with tho usual ceremonies. Tho trowel, which was manufactured by Mr. Edwards of : Collins-street, bore tho following inscrmt;„„ 1 -" Presented to Dr. L. L. Smith, as anX ' of esteem for his past services to tho district I of South Bourke, by tho inhabitants of Oak I leigh and Mulgravo, on tho occasion of his laying tho foundation-stone of tho Oakloicl. Court-house. . Oaklcigh, Sth May, 1SJ " " The Royal Society.— The ordinarv meeting of tho Royal Society of Victoria tool- place last evening. Mr. Ellery. the president" in tho chair. Messrs. J. Banks and ;' Ilrown wero oleotod members. Mr. Ellorv mentioned that during tlie day an cxtraor- dinary increase iu tho numbor and sizo of tho spots on tho sun had been noticed attlio observatory. Drawings of the spots wero exhibited. Mr. A. It. Smith read a paper descriptive of a self- aotiug hydrostatic chime and clock weight whioh lie had invented, tho main object of which was to spare the trouble attenduut upon winding up large clocks The proposed trip to Carpentaria to witness the total eclipse of tho sun at tho end of the year was next discussed. Professor Wilson stated that tho committeo on the subject had communicated with tho scientific societies in the other colonies, asking if it was probable that thero would bo contingonts from them. With regard to tho expense of the expedi tion it was found that a very comfortable steamer could ho obtained for £2030, which would include everything. Thero would he accommodation for 150 passengers. Suppose that 100 went, tho cost would bo £20 a head. Tho proprietors of tho steamer were pre pared to guarantco ton knots an lionr as the lowest rate of speed. Tho committeo would of course recommend a calling for tenders. A prospectus had been proparod, which would bo largely circulated. j National Museums. — Tho number of w:-;. j tors to tho National Museums of Natunl I History, Geology, and Economic Geology, I applied to mining, ngriculturo, and the arts, for the week ending GtU May, was 1234. Tho museums aro open to the pnblic daily (Sundays excepted), from 10 a. m. till 5 p.m., in tho National Museum building, at the back of tho University. The Melbourne Home.— Tho committee of the Molbourno Homo report as follows for tho month ending 30tli April regis trations : Governess, 1 ; servants, 39. En gagements : Governess, 3 ; servants, 33. Inmates : Governesses, 7 ; needlewomen, 4 ; servants, 35 ; staff, 3. Number in the Homo on tho 30th April, staff inclusive, 23. The Regatta Prizes. — Tho prizes to tho victors iu the lato regatta wore handed over to tho winners last evening, at tho Free mason's hotel, Swanston-stroet ; Mr. Budge presided. Tho following woro tho prizes and their recipients: — Mr. Carter, stroko of winning crew of Maiden Four Race, four cups for tho crew, and tho smaller one for the coxswain ; Mr. Carter, cups won by himself and Mr. Goldsmith in tlio Maiden Fair-oared | Race ; Mr. Vickers, tho Maiden Clinker Cap for Mr. Orr, who was absent ; Mr. Bell, tho Juuior Four Cups and Junior Sculling Prize ; Mr. J. Mitchell, stroko, Grand Challenge Cup; Mr. B. C. Jonos, tho Australasian Cup (preBontod by Mr. Hnmmersloy). Exhibition of Technological Schools.— i Tho exhibition of works by pupils in the schools of design associated with the Technological Commission, was opened yes- | tcrday, under tho auspices of tho latter, in the annoxe at tho Exhibition Building. The onhihition was open between tho hours of 2 and 5 o'clock in tho afternoon, and will bo open each day at tho samo hours. The various oxhibits aro highly creditable to tho artists, and speak well for tho progress technological education is already making in tho colony. During to-day tho exhibition has boon visited by a largo numbor of per sons, who wero dooply interested in tho various works on view. It is intended that after to-morrow night the exhibition shall bo opened to tho public during tho eveuinc. which, joined to the froo admission, will doubtless attract crowds of those ivho take an intorcst in snob matters. On Saturday evening tbo prizes will bo awarded. Princess Theatre. — Tho "Japs" are with ns again, and opened last night for a Bliort season. We boliovo that during the time they will occupy this favorite theatre they will perform many new and startl ing tricks. The porformanoo last night con tained Boveral new and very clover things. which elicited much applauso. Little al Right," with his wonderful gymnastic feJ»> is as groat a favorite as over. IIaymarket Theatre. — Tho entertain monts at tho Haymarkot Thoatro wero .pro longed to a rather lato hour last evening, ijj consequence of tho deoided manner m wow tho audienco mado up their mindB to fia almost everything on the programme aon over again, and had' a response boon - overy instanco of an encore, it would M trenched far into tho small hours before t house wns cleared. Of tho vocal portion, t palm must undoubtedly bo given to tho so " Put mo in my little bed," which song ono of that charactor which never seems tiro an audience, especially if snnfi really good a manner, as it was by >_ Hallam last, night. Thero is a dceidoc provemont in Mr. Hallam's stylo. Iho fc requires a considerable amount of p# being thrown into it to make success cor and ne takes tho opportunity, not o giving tho propor amount of oxpressi tho words, but in bringing out to much van tago tho tonosof his really good tenor v A hearty oncoro followed this song, ana i acknowledged by Mr. Hnllain singing an vorso. We question if anything so good i lino has boou producod by tho nuns trol the commencement of thoir prcsont ,. Tho noxt itom dosorving special was tho ballad, " Once more, dear - sung by Arthur Romer so oxceedingij > that "on«ore, encore" was shouted from every part ft tho house, to which compliment Homer simply bowed his acknowledgments, slthowh it seemed at first that no denial could fie aecoptod. What we huvo said be- joroof Stuart Smith's fluto solo wo simply my again, it was excellent and much ap- nlaudod ; and. Salamander Sam (Charles Holly) must have been terribly tired from tbo way in which ho was kept footiog it to' the dolight of the nudienoe. For fan with- out limit, rocommond us to the " Ghost in a Pawnshop," and "Lovoina Water Barrel," js worked out by Weston, Johnny Cowan, Holly, Montague and MiBS Sallio Lloyd. These eceentrieities are deseribed in the pro gramme as screaming sketches, and so they "theatre Royal. — List night tho new piceo, ontitlod tlio "Star Chambr," being a dramatic version of Harrison Ains worth's work under tho samo name, was produced at tho Iloyal. Mr. Howe played tho leading character, Cloment Lanycre, with groat skill and dramatic power. Tho picco itself is full of startling Incidents, which take place at tho onset, and continue to follow each other with rapid succession.- Clement Lauyero brings upon himself tho displeasure of tho Star Chamber on account of his friendship for his brother, and had suffered severely 'at tho hands of that terrible conclave. His features' had been destroyed by tho hot iron, and ho was thus rendered so hideous that it was necessary to wear a mask. Lanycre then devotes his life to wreak vengeance on his tormentors, and especially on Sir Giles Montpcssou, tho most conspicuous nnd most cruel of them. Mo accordingly enters his sorvice, and commences tho accom plishment of tho purposa ho has.in view. It JU tola OMttujj" aisuuviuu vuub tuO apiUllUlll talents of Mr. Ho wo, a3 an actor, aro Been. Jle is perpetually in the mo3t dangerous situations. His friends are nlso in equal, if not greater danger, yet ho has to sudor tho suspicions of his wicked master, who is a demoniacal incarnation, and yet successfully plot to foil hiin in every step ho takes, The transitions from almost open hostility to tho most obsequious but earnest obedience and devotion, aro marvels in acting, and must bo seen to bo understood. Tho oncrgy and tact ot Lanyere succeed through a variety of artifices in his gaining tho ascendancy over his hated tormentor, and ho at last kills him andhurls him into tho river. Lady Mont- pesson was played with great excellence by Miss Juno, who is rapidly gaining the respect of tho play-going public, as an able and painstaking actress. Tho Sir Jooelyn Mont- chesnyofMr. Ireland, and tho Blanche of Miss Julia Edouin, were deserving of great commendation. The play is so full of excit ing and tragic incidents, that the enthusiasm of tho audience was roused to tho highest $tb. Thcro can bo no doubt of its tilling fctheatro for somo time. Heller's Entertainments. — Tho attrac tions of Mr. Holler's wonderful perform ances continue to draw large houses, and to astonish as much as ever tho curious, who go with tho avowed intention of finding him oat. Tho graco and dexterity of tho per former are, however, too. much for tho saga city of tho knowing ones. . Mr. Heller holds the palm still of being tho ablest magieinn of his day. The tiend band is more wonderful than the inexhaustible bottle. The basket- and-sword triek, in which a child is sup posed to bo run through, is performed in a way differing widely from the one employed some years ago in this city, and is moro startling. Taken as a whole, the repertory of tricks performed is, the most wonderful that has ever been seen in Melbourne. Mr. Heller's performances on tho piano are such as cannot be surpassed. Hitherto the lovers of fnuaic have witnessed nothing to equal it. 